 part one `` it 's a dangerous business ... going out of your door . 
 you step into the road , and if you do n't keep your feet , there 's no knowing where you might be swept off to . '' 
 - j. r. r. tolkien c hristmas parties are the star on the top of my `` do n't '' list this year . 
 other things to avoid this season : ornaments . 
 trees . 
 mistletoe -lrb- definitely -rrb- . 
 holiday movies about families . 
 and memories . 
 memories most of all . 
 last year , i celebrated christmas morning in my own living room , with the two people i loved most in the world . 
 my husband , thomas , and my sister , stacey . 
 a lot can change in twelve months . 
 now , i am in my kitchen , carefully packing frosted santa cookies into tupperware containers , layering wax paper between each row . 
 on a strip of masking tape , i write my name in bold black letters : joy candellaro . 
 when i 'm done , i dress for work in a pair of black jeans and a bright green sweater set . 
 at the last moment , i add little wreath earrings . 
 perhaps if i look festive , people will stop asking me how i am doing . 
 balancing the pale pink containers in my arms , i lock up my house and make my way to the garage . 
 as i round the hood of the car , i sidle past the row of file cabinets that line the back wall . 
 my dreams are in those metal drawers , organized with the kind of care only a librarian can manage . 
 i have saved every scrap i 've ever read about exotic locales and faraway places . 
 when i read the words and see the pictures , i dream of having an adventure . 
 of course , i 've been dreaming of that for ten years now , and since i 've been single again for almost three months , and separated from thom for eight months before that , it 's safe to say i 'm a dreamer not a doer . 
 in fact , i have n't added to my files or opened one of the cabinets since my divorce . 
 i ease past them now and get into my sensible maroon volvo . 
 behind me , the garage door opens , and i back down the driveway . 
 it is still early in the morning on this last friday before christmas . 
 the street lamps are on ; light falls from them in cones of shimmering yellow through the predawn shadows . 
 as my car rolls to a stop at the bottom of the driveway , the headlights illuminate my house . 
 it looks ... faded in this unnatural light , untended . 
 the roses i love so much are leggy and bare . 
 the planters are full of dead geraniums . 
 a memory flashes through me like summer thunder : there and gone . 
 i come home from work early ... see my husband 's car is in the driveway . 
 the roses are in full , riotous bloom . 
 i remember thinking i should cut some for an arrangement . 
 in the house , i toss my coat on the maple bench and go upstairs , calling out his name . 
 i am halfway up the stairs when i recognize the sounds . 
 in my mind and my memories , i kicked the door open . 
 that 's what i told people later . 
 the truth was , i barely had the strength to push it open . 
 there they are , nak * d and sweating and rolling , in my bed . 
 like an idiot , i stand there , staring at them . 
 i thought he 'd feel my presence as keenly as i 'd always felt his , that he 'd look up , see me and-oh , i do n't know , have a heart attack or burst into tears and beg for my forgiveness or beg for forgiveness while having a heart attack . 
 then i see her face , and a bad moment rounds the bend into horrific . 
 it is my sister . 
 now there 's a `` for sale '' sign in front of my house . 
 it 's been there for months , but who am i kidding ? 
 a wrecked marriage scares everyone . 
 it 's like a rock tossed into a still blue pond ; the ripples go on and on . 
 no one wants to buy this house of bad luck . 
 i hit the gas too hard and back out into the street , putting the memories in my rearview mirror . 
 if only they would stay there . 
 instead , they 're like passengers , crowding in on me , taking up too much air . 
 no one knows what to say to me anymore , and i can hardly blame them . 
 i do n't know what i want to hear , either . 
 in the school library , where i work , i hear the whispers that grind to a halt at my entrance and notice how uncomfortable the ensuing silences can be . 
 i make it easy on my friends-or try to-by pretending that everything is okay . 
 i 've been doing that a lot this year . 
 smiling and pretending . 
 what else can i do ? 
 people have grown tired of waiting for me to get over my divorce . 
 i know i need to glide onto the track of my old life , but i ca n't seem to manage it ; neither do i have the courage to form a new one , though , in truth , it 's what i want . 
 it 's what i 've wanted for a long time . 
 at the corner , i turn left . 
 the streets of bakersfield are quiet on this early morning . 
 by the time i reach the high school , it is just past seven o'clock . 
 i pull into my parking space , gather my cookies , and go inside . 
 at the main desk , the school secretary , bertha collins , smiles up at me . 
 `` hey , joy . '' 
 `` hey , bertie . 
 i brought some cookies for tonight 's faculty party . '' 
 her look turns worried . 
 `` are n't you coming ? '' 
 `` not this year , bertie . 
 i do n't feel too festive . '' 
 she eyes me knowingly . 
 as a twice-divorced woman , she thinks she understands , but she ca n't , not really . 
 bertie has three kids and two parents and four sisters . 
 my own math does n't add up that way . 
 `` take care of yourself , joy . 
 the first christmas after a divorce can be ... '' `` yeah . 
 i know . '' 
 forcing a smile , i start moving . 
 in the past year , this technique has worked well for me . 
 keep moving . 
 i walk down the hallway , turn left at the empty cafeteria and head for my space . 
 the library . 
 my assistant , rayla goudge , is already at work . 
 she is a robust , gray-haired woman who dresses like a gypsy and tries to write all her notes in haiku . 
 like me , she is a graduate of u.c. davis with a teaching certificate . 
 we have worked side by side for almost five years and both enjoyed every minute . 
 i know that in may , when she finishes her master 's degree in library science , i will lose her to another school . 
 it 's one more change i try not to think about . 
 `` morning , joy , '' she says , looking up from the pile of paperwork in front of her . 
 `` hey , ray . 
 how 's paul 's cold ? '' 
 `` better , thanks . '' 
 i store my purse behind the counter and begin my day . 
 first up are the computers . 
 i go from one to the next , turning them on for the students , then i replace yesterday 's newspapers with todays . 
 for the next six hours , rayla and i work side by side-checking the catalog system , generating overdue notices , processing new books , and re-shelving . 
 when we 're lucky , a student comes in for help , but in this internet age , they are more and more able to do their school research at home . 
 today , of course , on this last school day before the winter break , the library is as quiet as a tomb . 
 that is another thing i try not to think about : the break . 
 what will i do in the two and one-half weeks i have off ? 
 in past years , i have looked forward to this vacation . 
 it 's part of the reason i became a school librarian . 
 fifteen years ago , when i was in college , i imagined traveling to exotic locales in my weeks off . 
 `` joy , are you okay ? '' 
 i am so lost in memories of before that it takes me a second to realize that rayla is speaking to me . 
 i 'm standing in the middle of the library , holding a worn , damaged copy of madame bovary . 
 the bell rings : the walls seem to vibrate with the sound of doors opening , kids laughing , feet moving down the hall . 
 the winter break has begun . 
 `` do you need a ride to the party ? '' 
 rayla asks , coming up to me . 
 `` the party ? '' 
 i say , as if i 'm actually thinking about it . 
 `` no , thanks . '' 
 `` you 're not coming , are you ? '' 
 rayla has always been able to do that : pierce my defenses with a look . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` but ... '' `` not this year , ray . '' 
 rayla sighs . 
 `` so , what will you do tonight ? '' 
 we both know that the first night of our vacation is special . 
 last year , on this friday evening , stacey and i met up for dinner and went to the mall , where i agonized over the perfect gift for thom . 
 it turned out to be my sister . 
 those are exactly the kind of memories i try to avoid , but they 're like asbestos : invisible and deadly . 
 you need special gear to get rid of them . 
 rayla touches my arm . 
 `` have you put up a tree yet ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i could help you decorate one . '' 
 `` no , thanks . 
 i need to do it myself . '' 
 `` and will you ? '' 
 i look down into her kind gray eyes and find it surprisingly easy to smile . 
 `` i will . '' 
 she loops an arm through mine . 
 together , we walk through the quiet library and emerge into the crowded , busy hallways of the high school . 
 all around us kids are laughing and talking and high-fiving one another . 
 in the parking lot , rayla walks me to my car . 
 there , she stops and looks up at me . 
 `` i hate to leave you alone for the holidays . 
 maybe paul and i should cancel our trip to minnesota . '' 
 `` do n't you dare . 
 enjoy your family . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` you and stacey ... '' `` do n't , '' i say sharply , and then whisper : `` please . '' 
 `` she and thom will break up , you 'll see . 
 she 'll come to her senses . '' 
 i have lost count of the times rayla has said this to me , and of the times i 've said it to myself . 
 `` why do n't you go to one of those dream places of yours-like machu picchu or london ? '' 
 `` maybe i will , '' i say . 
 it 's what i always say . 
 we both know the truth : i 'm scared to go alone . 
 rayla pats my hand and kisses my cheek . 
 `` well . 
 i 'll see you in january , joy . '' 
 `` merry christmas , rayla . '' 
 `` and to you . '' 
 i watch her walk to her car and drive away . 
 finally , i get into my own front seat and sit there , staring through the windshield . 
 when i start the engine , the radio comes on . 
 it 's an instrumental rendition of `` upon a midnight clear '' that immediately reminds me of better times in previous years . 
 my mom loved this song . 
 rayla is right . 
 it 's time for me to get started on christmas . 
 there 's no more putting it off . 
 smiling and pretending will not get me through the holidays . 
 it 's time for me to embark on this new single life of mine . 
 the traffic out of the high school is bumper to bumper with kids yelling out the window to one another , but by the time i reach almond street , the road is empty . 
 on fifth street , i turn left and pull into the lot beside a chevron station , where scout troop # 104 has set up their yearly tree sale . 
 on this late friday afternoon , i can see right away that the stock is pretty depleted , and frankly , there 's more brown on these branches than green . 
 in this part of california , the trees go bad fast and i 've waited too long to get a prime choice . 
 i wander through the fake forest on the corner of fifth and almond , nodding now and then to friends and strangers , trying to pretend i 'm picking out the perfect tree . 
 in truth , i 'm trying not to look at them too closely . 
 finally , i ca n't stand it anymore . 
 i choose the tree to my left , find a kid to help me , and reach for my wallet . 
 the nice young boy scout who takes my money hands me a receipt and a kleenex . 
 i 'm crying . 
 perfect . 
 by the time the tree is strapped onto my car , i 'm a basket case . 
 sniffling and crying and shaking . 
 i am still in bad shape when i pull up to the atm machine , though , thankfully , there are no witnesses to my meltdown . 
 on a whim , i withdraw two hundred and fifty dollars . 
 if i 'm going to put up this tree , i 'll need all new ornaments . 
 i can hardly use the ones i collected during my marriage . 
 and i intend to buy myself a killer gift to open on christmas morning . 
 the thought of spending money on myself should make me happy ; it 's not something we high school librarians do a lot . 
 at least that 's what i tell myself as i turn into my neighborhood . 
 madrona lane is a pretty name for a pretty street in a not-so-pretty suburb of bakersfield . 
 i 've always appreciated the irony of living on a street named for a tree that does n't grow here ; especially in view of the fact that the developers cut down every green thing that dared to grow on the block . 
 when my husband and i first saw the house it was run down and neglected , the only home on the cul-de-sac with grass that needed cutting and a fence in need of paint . 
 the realtor had seen all these as possibilities for a young couple such as us . 
 `` the previous owners , '' she 'd whispered to me as i stepped through a patch of dry-rotted floor in the bathroom , `` went through a terrible divorce . 
 a real war of the roses thing . '' 
 we 'd all laughed at that . 
 of course , it turned out not to be so funny . 
 i am almost to my house when i see stacey standing in my driveway , all by herself . 
 i slam on the brakes . 
 we stare at each other through the windshield . 
 the minute she sees me , she starts to cry . 
 it is all i can do not to follow suit . 
 she 's come to tell you it 's over with thom . 
 it 's the moment i 've been waiting for , but now that it 's here , i do n't know what to do . 
 without forgiveness , there 's no future between stacey and me , but how can i forgive a sister who slept with my husband ? 
 i ease my foot back onto the accelerator and pull into the driveway . 
 then i get out of the car . 
 stacey stands there , looking at me , clutching her ski coat around her . 
 tears glisten on her cheeks . 
 it 's the first time we 've really looked at each other since this nightmare began , and instead of anger , i feel an unexpected longing . 
 i remember a dozen things about her , about us , just then , like our famous family road trip through the desert states . 
 hell in a volkswagen bus with my mom singing helen reddy songs at the top of her lungs and smoking eve cigarettes one after another . 
 i approach her slowly . 
 as always , looking at my younger sister is like looking in a mirror . 
 irish twins ; that 's what our mom called us . 
 we 're less than twelve months apart in age and have the same curly copper-red hair , pale , freckled skin , and blue eyes . 
 no wonder thom fell for her ; she 's the younger , smiling version of me . 
 she takes one step toward me and starts to talk . 
 i 'm leaving him . 
 it 's a moment before i realize that that 's not what she said . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i say , stepping back , frowning . 
 `` we ca n't go on like this , '' she says . 
 `` not now . 
 it 's christmas . '' 
 i feel upended somehow , confused . 
 `` i should forgive you because it 's christmas ? '' 
 `` i know you wo n't forgive me , but it was over between you and thom ... '' `` we were having problems ... '' i do n't even know how to finish , what to say . 
 none of this feels right . 
 stacey bites her lower lip-a sign of nervousness from way back-then hands me a piece of thick white paper . 
 i can tell instantly what it is . 
 a wedding invitation . 
 the blessed event is set to take place on june sixth . 
 it hits me like a right hook to the jaw . 
 `` y-you 're kidding me , right ? 
 you should be breaking up with him ... not marrying him . '' 
 slowly , she opens her coat . 
 she is dressed for the holidays in red velvet pants and a white knit top with rudolph stitched in sequins on the front . 
 `` i 'm pregnant , '' she says , touching a belly that 's flatter than mine . 
 and there it is , finally , after months of pretending to be okay , the thing i ca n't handle . 
 for five years , i have dreamed of having a baby ; i used to beg thom to start our family . 
 he was never `` ready . '' 
 now i know why . 
 it was me . 
 he did n't want to have a child with me . 
 she 's crying harder now . 
 `` i 'm sorry , joy . 
 i know how much you want a baby . '' 
 i want to scream at her , to shriek my pain , maybe even smack her , but i ca n't seem to breathe . 
 tears are blurring my vision ; they 're not ordinary tears , either . 
 they actually hurt . 
 i ca n't believe she 'd do this to me . 
 to us . 
 how can two girls who used to be peas in a pod have come to this ? 
 `` i never wanted to hurt you ... '' i ca n't listen anymore . 
 one more blow and i 'm afraid i 'll go to my knees , right here in my driveway , and i 've spent every day of the last year just trying to stand . 
 i turn away from my sister and run to my car . 
 a part of me can hear her yelling my name , calling out to me , but i do n't care . 
 the words are elongated somehow , stretched into meaningless sounds and syllables . 
 nothing makes sense . 
 i get into my car , start the engine and barrel backward , into the empty street . 
 i have no idea where i 'm going and i do n't care . 
 all that matters is putting miles between me and that wedding invitation in my driveway and the baby growing in my sister 's womb . 
 when i see the exit for the airport , it seems natural to turn off . 
 maybe even a destiny-at-work kind of thing . 
 i park and go into the terminal . 
 it 's small , but busy on this friday . 
 lots of people obviously want to put miles between the heres and theres of their lives in the holiday season . 
 i look up at the departures board . 
 hope . 
 a shiver goes through me ; the word looks so out of place on the list , tucked as it is between ordinary cities like spokane and portland . 
 i blink and look again , just in case i 've gone slightly mad and imagined it . 
 hope remains . 
 it 's in british columbia , apparently . 
 canada . 
 there 's no line at the counter . 
 i walk there slowly , still somehow waiting to wake up , but when i get there , a woman looks up at me . 
 `` may i help you ? '' 
 `` the flight to hope ... is there a seat ? '' 
 she frowns . 
 `` it 's a charter . 
 just a second . '' 
 she looks down at her computer screen . 
 fingernails click on the keys . 
 `` there are seats , but they were purchased in bulk . '' 
 she glances around , catches sight of a heavy-set man dressed in camouflage fatigues . 
 `` go talk to him . '' 
 now , i 'm not the kind of woman who strolls easily up to strange men , especially when they look like burl ives on a big game hunt , but this is no time for caution . 
 i 'm desperate . 
 one more second in this town and i might start screaming . 
 for all i know , stacey is still in my driveway , waiting for me to return so we can `` talk '' more . 
 i clutch my purse under my arm and go to him . 
 `` excuse me , '' i say , trying-without much success-to smile . 
 `` i need hope . '' 
 he grins at this . 
 `` there is n't a whole lot up there . 
 for a city girl , i mean . '' 
 `` sometimes just getting away is enough . '' 
 `` you do n't have to tell me that twice . 
 well , we 've got an extra seat , if you want it . 
 say one hundred dollars ? 
 but i ca n't promise you a way to get back . 
 we 're a play-it-by-ear bunch . '' 
 `` me , too . '' 
 normally , i 'd laugh at that , it 's so far from the truth , but just now it feels right . 
 besides , i 'm not even sure i need a way to get back . 
 who knows ? 
 this is a tear in the fabric of my ordinary life . 
 all i have to do is step through . 
 and i have my christmas money with me . 
 `` do i need a passport ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 just your driver 's license . '' 
 i can leave here , make a quick stop and plane change in seattle , show my identification , go through customs , and be in hope by midnight . 
 i make a decision to leave my own country in less time than it usually takes me to decide between packages of meat at my local von 's . 
 i whip out my wallet and find the cash . 
 `` i 'm in . '' 
 a n hour later , i am at the gate , holding a ticket to hope . 
 all around me , men are talking , laughing . 
 there is an inordinate amount of high-fiving going on . 
 they are trophy hunters i discover , the kind of guys who decorate with hooves . 
 this is their big hunt , away from kids and wives , and it 's clear that the party starts before the plane takes off . 
 they 're completely uninterested in the quiet , tired-looking woman in their midst . 
 i sit down in one of the empty seats . 
 beside me is a magazine . 
 hunting and fishing news . 
 a librarian will read anything , so i pick it up and flip through the pages . 
 an article on duck blinds leaves me cold , as does a series of how-to taxidermy photographs . 
 finally , i turn the page and find a pretty picture of an old-fashioned resort . 
 it 's called the comfort fishing lodge and it welcomes me to come and stay awhile . 
 stay awhile . 
 it 's a lovely thought . 
 i fold the flimsy magazine in half and shove it into my bag . 
 when i get home , i 'll file the article alongside my other dreams , alphabetically . 
 someday , i 'd like to visit the comfort lodge . 
 as i 'm fitting the magazine in the cluttered bag , i feel the pebbled leather of my camera case . 
 my fingers close around it , pulling it out of my purse . 
 no newfangled digital camera for me . 
 this is the real thing . 
 a heavy black and silver canon slr . 
 i take it out of the case , slip the strap around my neck , and remove the lens cap . 
 if i 'm finally taking a trip into the unknown ; there ought to be photographs to document the momentous event . 
 i focus and snap on the gate , on the other passengers , on the view of the runway through the dirty windows . 
 i even try to take a picture of myself . 
 all of it occupies my mind for a while , but then the real world creeps back into my thoughts . 
 stacey is going to marry thom and have his child . 
 it hurts almost more than i can bear . 
 tears sting my eyes again ; i wipe them away impatiently . 
 i am so tired of crying , so tired of feeling like half a person , but i do n't know how to change things . 
 all i know is that for more than three decades , my sister has been the bedrock of my life , and now i 'm standing on sand . 
 i have never felt so lost and alone . 
 if i could simply blink my eyes and say a prayer to disappear , i would . 
 they call my flight over the loudspeaker ; men surge forward like a flannel-clad centipede , legs all moving at once . 
 i follow quietly behind them . 
 on the plane , i find an empty seat in the last row . 
 my armrest practically touches the restroom door , it 's so close . 
 i try not to see a metaphor in this placement . 
 instead , i sit down , strap myself in , and peer out the tiny oval window at the falling night . 
 the men are all in the front of the plane , laughing and talking . 
 in no time , we 're cleared for flight and up we go , into the now black sky . 
 i flip through the hunting and fishing magazine again . 
 an article on the olympic rainforest grabs my attention . 
 it 's in washington state , apparently tucked in between hundreds of miles of coastline and a jagged mountain range . 
 the trees are gigantic , primeval , the greens absolute and somehow soothing . 
 a woman could get lost in a place like that . 
 i could take hundreds of glorious photographs , maybe even - `` you okay back here all by yourself ? '' 
 i look up . 
 it 's burl ives again . 
 he smiles at me : the movement bunches up his cattle-sweeper moustache and shows off a row of oversized dentures . 
 it 's the last half of his question , the `` all by yourself , '' that gets me . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i say , though it 's miles from true . 
 `` i 'm riegert , by the way . 
 riegert milosovich . '' 
 `` it 's nice to meet you . 
 i 'm joy . '' 
 `` well . 
 you have a great vacation , joy . 
 and wish us luck on the hunt . '' 
 `` stay safe , '' i say , unable to really hope the hunt goes well . 
 i 'm a card-carrying member of the do n't - shoot-living-things club . 
 and the idea of men drinking and loading weapons seems remarkably stupid , but it 's not my business . 
 `` and thanks again for the seat . 
 i think a little hope is exactly what i need . '' 
 `` do n't we all ? '' 
 he ducks into the bathroom and slams the door shut . 
 a few moments later , he 's out again and heading up the aisle toward his seat . 
 he is almost to the first row when i hear a noise and feel a shudder in the airplane . 
 riegert stumbles forward , falls to his knees . 
 the nose of the plane dips down . 
 down . 
 that 's not good . 
 planes should be headed up . 
 i grip the armrests to steady myself . 
 i know it 's ridiculous-i mean , i ca n't hold myself in place . 
 but it makes me feel better , in control . 
 the plane levels off . 
 i have time to murmur `` thank god '' and to smile before the explosion . 
 the plane drops hard and fast . 
 my body flies forward ; the seat belt yanks me back . 
 i hit the cusions like a rag doll , with a terrible snap to the neck . 
 my camera hits me in the ribs , hard . 
 bright yellow oxygen masks drop from the ceiling . 
 somewhere in front of me , a man screams . 
 it is a terrible sound , guttural and unnatural . 
 i shake my head , thinking no ! 
 just that word . 
 my heart is beating so fast i ca n't draw a breath . 
 in the front of the cabin , the flight attendant is telling us to bend forward and press our heads into the seat in front of us . 
 she 's pointing out the exit rows . 
 the captain interrupts her speech to say , `` brace yourselves . 
 flight attendant : take your seat . '' 
 this is n't turbulence . 
 we 're going to crash . 
 you 'd think it would happen in the blink of an eye , a thing like this , an airplane falling out of the sky , but the truth is that every second feels like an hour . 
 it 's true that your life spirals before your eyes . 
 i call out my sister 's name and double over , gasping in pain . 
 i should have talked to her , let her talk to me . 
 my fingers claw into the armrests . 
 every breath is ragged and sharp . 
 the captain says again , `` brace for landing . '' 
 landing . 
 they make it sound scheduled , as if ... the plane slams into the ground nose first . 
 this time my scream is lost in the screeching , shrieking whine of tearing metal . 
 things fly past me-a row of seats , a suitcase , a tray . 
 it 's like being in a wind tunnel . 
 the flight attendant tumbles past me . 
 she is still strapped in her chair . 
 all i can do is watch in horror as she goes past me , screaming . 
 for a heartbeat , our gazes lock , then the cabin lights go out . 
 i scream again , unable this time to stop . 
 the sounds i make are nothing , breezes in the monsoon . 
 although i am seeing everything in slow motion , i know that the plane is rocketing forward , crashing through trees and rocks and dirt . 
 we hit something and flip over . 
 my camera cracks me in the eye . 
 the whole plane shudders and groans and comes to a creaking stop . 
 a pain explodes in my head . 
 it takes me a second to realize we 're upside down . 
 i 'm hanging from my seat belt and everything hurts . 
 the pain in my head-right behind me left eye-is like a hot iron wedge being hammered in place . 
 i can taste blood . 
 but we are stopped . 
 the horrible wrenching sound of metal tearing has stopped . 
 now it is quiet . 
 eerie . 
 smoke rolls through the cabin , swallowing the seats and aisle . 
 i ca n't see anything . 
 the coughing starts , then the sobbing . 
 i unlatch my seat belt and fall to the floor , hitting my head so hard i lose consciousness for a moment . 
 when i wake , i am disoriented . 
 then i taste my own blood and i remember : i need to get out of the plane . 
 but smoke is everywhere . 
 i can see flames licking along the walls , zipping up fabric-covered seats . 
 hungry orange tongues ... everywhere . 
 coughing , i look around for something to hold over my nose and mouth . 
 there is nothing . 
 the cabin is all darkness and smoke and flames . 
 people are dropping from their seats , landing on what is now the floor . 
 i take off my coat and hold it over my face as i crawl toward the exit-at least i hope it 's an exit . 
 all i know is i hear movement in front of me , coughing and footsteps and whispering . 
 the ceiling is full of seams and bumps that scrape my knees . 
 i bang my head on the overhead bins that have fallen open . 
 i feel my way through the thick smoke , pushing aside debris , past gaping holes where the side of the plane should be . 
 at each new row , i look for people still in their seats , hanging unconscious , but i find no one . 
 finally , after what seems to take hours , i see the opening . 
 a man is there , holding out his hand , helping me out . 
 he does n't seem to know that his hair and shirt are matted with blood , that a spike of some kind is lodged in his upper arm . 
 `` this way , '' he says in a tired , shaking voice . 
 `` you need a doctor , '' i say , surprised that i 'm crying . 
 the words release something in me , something so big i 'm afraid i 'll drown in it and be swept away . 
 i finally stagger to a stand . 
 he touches my head . 
 the fingers he draws back are stained red . 
 `` so do you . 
 are you the last one ? '' 
 `` i think so . 
 i was in the last row . '' 
 i turn to look back at my seat and see the gaping black and orange mouth that is what 's left of the tail section . 
 how did i not notice that ? 
 shaking , my head aching now that i feel the blood leaking down my cheek , i take his hand . 
 it 's calloused and sweaty and makes me feel almost safe . 
 the darkness outside is absolute , velvet , nothing like the gray haze of the burning cabin . 
 the ground squishes beneath my feet , giving way beneath my steps . 
 it 's like quicksand , hard to walk in . 
 i look down at my feet . 
 something feels wrong . 
 as if gravity has been lost or changed somehow . 
 i look for someone to ask , `` where are we ? '' 
 this is n't the world we know . 
 the air is harsh , different . 
 the ground is soft . 
 i wonder suddenly if it is blood that has softened the ground-our blood-or maybe it 's gasoline . 
 everyone is as dazed as i am . 
 over by the nearest tree , a group is beginning to form . 
 how can i walk that far and why am i alone ? 
 in the distance , i hear sirens . 
 i trip on something and fall to my knees . 
 the pain in my head is back , throbbing . 
 i hear something and look up . 
 at first , i think it 's the ambulances and police cars driving up , and then i think it 's screaming ... but that 's past us . 
 we survived . 
 it seems to take ages , but i climb to my feet once again . 
 i 'm upright ; i try to hear . 
 my head is pounding . 
 `` explode ... run . '' 
 words . 
 someone is yelling . 
 smoke engulfs me , billowing from the tail . 
 `` run ! 
 it 's going to explode . '' 
 i see riegert running toward me , waving his arms . 
 a second later his words register . 
 i try to run through the spongy black ground , toward the forest . 
 but i 'm too late , and i know it . 
 the blast , when it comes , is like nothing i 've ever known . 
 one second i 'm running for cover ; the next i 'm airborne , weightless . 
 when i hit the ground it is in a thud of pain . 
 then everything is dark . 
 when i open my eyes , i find myself staring up at a halloween sky , all black and gray with the hint of eerie flickering orange light . 
 tree tips fringe it all , form a strange circle overhead . 
 they are not ordinary trees ; they 're giants . 
 they ring the crash site like gargantuan visitors , whispering among themselves . 
 a lackluster rain is falling ; it 's really more of a mist . 
 at first i ca n't hear anything except the beating of my own heart . 
 it 's as if my ears are stuffed with cotton . 
 my heartbeat is a slow , thudding echo of distant sound . 
 gradually , though , i hear more . 
 sirens , muffled and seemingly far away , but recognizable . 
 engines purring . 
 tires crunching through gravel or rock . 
 where am i ? 
 the answer comes to me in a rush of images and a surge of adrenaline . 
 the plane . 
 crashed . 
 my camera strap is strangling me . 
 i wrench it free , gasping for breath . 
 the gray in the sky is smoke from the plane 's explosion . 
 all around me trees are on fire . 
 that 's the orange in the sky : flames . 
 i can hear the crackling now , feel the heat . 
 my cheeks are coated in blood and sweat . 
 i try to get up but i ca n't move . 
 i 'm paralyzed . 
 i stare at my feet , trying not to panic . 
 one foot is bare . 
 no sock , no shoe ; just dark , muddy toes pointed skyward . 
 `` wiggle , '' i manage to whisper . 
 my right foot does a spastic little dance . 
 i 'm not paralyzed . 
 thank you , god . 
 it takes forever , but finally i move my arms , wedge them underneath me and sit up . 
 from my hiding place in the trees , i can see the crash site . 
 the plane is an oblong bullet of fire , wingless . 
 the grass around it is a lake of mud and ash and debris . 
 trees lay on their sides like giant , broken toothpicks . 
 for the first time , i understand the concept of devastation . 
 ruin . 
 this land is broken now , as bleeding as we are . 
 far away , through the ashy smoke , i can see ambulances and police cars and fire trucks . 
 the survivors are there , clustered in the bright glow of headlights and temporary lighting . 
 i need to take a picture of this , document it , but my hands are shaking uncontrollably . 
 `` i 'm over here , '' i cry weakly , trying to raise my hand . 
 but no one is looking over here . 
 no one is looking for me . 
 why ? 
 i wonder . 
 then i remember riegert calling out for me , reaching out , then covering his face at the blast and falling to the ground . 
 they think i died in the explosion . 
 but i 'm here . 
 it is my last conscious thought . 
 i see her standing in the trees , not far away from me . 
 she looks exactly as i remember : tall and thin , with silvery blond hair and eyes the exact color of a robin 's egg . 
 her skin is pale and unlined still ; she is wearing a pink rocky mountain mama t-shirt and her favorite max factor lipstick . 
 strawberries and cream . 
 i wait for her to smile , but she crosses her arms instead and glances away , as if she has another place to be . 
 she is smoking a long , brown cigarette . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 i say quietly , wondering if she can hear me . 
 there is a strange cacophony of noise around us-motors running , high pitched wails that sound like sirens , a crackling that sounds like wax paper being balled up . 
 most of all i can hear my heart , though . 
 it 's running fast , skipping so many beats i feel light-headed . 
 she moves toward me , almost gliding . 
 as she gets closer , i see her smile-finally-and it releases something in me . 
 she kneels beside me . 
 `` you 're hurt . '' 
 i know she is touching my forehead . 
 i can see her movement , but i ca n't feel her touch . 
 i stare into the eyes i love so much . 
 until now , this moment , i had begun to forget how she looked , the gentleness of her touch , the sound of her voice . 
 her hands on my face are so cool , so comforting . 
 `` wake up , joy . 
 it 's not your time . '' 
 `` i 'm dead , are n't i ? 
 that 's why you 're here . '' 
 my mother smiles , and in that one expression is my whole childhood , years and years of feeling safe and loved . 
 i 'm crying . 
 i know it even before she wipes my tears away . 
 `` stacey is marrying my husband ... '' `` shhh . '' 
 she kisses my forehead and whispers , `` wake up , joy . 
 it 's not your time . '' 
 i do n't want to wake up . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` wake up , joy . 
 now . '' 
 it is her mother 's voice , the one i only heard when i was in trouble , and i 'm helpless to ignore it , even though i know that when i open my eyes , she 'll be gone . 
 she wo n't be beside me , holding my hand and kissing me . 
 the suave shampoo and menthol cigarette scent of her will be gone again . 
 `` i miss you , mom . '' 
 with a gasp , i 'm breathing again . 
 the pain is back , sharp as a piece of glass , throbbing in my skull . 
 the air around me is thick with smoke . 
 slowly , i open my eyes . 
 it 's hard to see anything , hard to focus in the falling rain . 
 the sky is gunmetal gray , swollen with clouds and smoke . 
 raindrops clatter on the fuselage of the demolished plane . 
 in the distance , i can hear sirens and motors and voices and footsteps , but it is all far , far away . 
 i am deep in the woods , hidden . 
 huge ferns grow all around me . 
 my shoe is hanging from a branch over my head . 
 it bobs in the breeze . 
 it is amazing i did n't hit a tree . 
 i crawl to my knees , grabbing a nearby nurse log for support . 
 when i finally stand , i am struck by a wave of nausea . 
 the world careens sickenly , then rights itself . 
 i focus on getting my shoe , putting it on , as if i ca n't be saved in bare feet . 
 when i finish , i look up . 
 across the smoky , debris - and plane-cluttered clearing , i can see the outline of emergency vehicles . 
 a string of people is moving through another part of the dark forest . 
 their flashlight beams fan out like some giant , glowing cowcatcher in the smoke . 
 i can get there . 
 i take one painful , wobbling step , and then another and another . 
 as i approach the edge of the clearing , i wait for them to see me . 
 any minute they 'll rush to my aid and take me back to my real life . 
 to the empty house on madrona lane where i 'll spend the holidays alone , to the volvo with the tree strapped on top . 
 to the calendar that will tick off days to my sister 's wedding and the birth of her child . 
 do n't go back . 
 is that my mother 's voice or the wind ? 
 `` no one knows i was on the plane . '' 
 i say the words out loud for the first time , and at that , the voicing of it , i glimpse an opportunity . 
 no one will notice my absence until school starts . 
 i glance around the forest . 
 behind me , the trees are thicker , closer together , but moonlight shows me a path between them . 
 it is almost like a sign , that beam of light . 
 although i feel shaky , and more than a little light headed , i begin walking away from the crash site . 
 it is n't long before i see a break in the trees , and hear the distant roar of cars . 
 somewhere up ahead is a road . 
 i walk slowly through this dark and ancient forest . 
 my head still hurts , my vision is blurring , and this place is like nowhere i 've ever seen . 
 it is as if i 'm journeying in another dimension . 
 before me , everything is a labyrinth of shadow and moonlit smoke . 
 spiderwebs connect it all together ; in the uncertain light , the strands seem to be made of colored glass . 
 mist coats the ground , swallows my feet and the spongy earth . 
 at last , i come to the end of the woods and the start of civilization . 
 it is a road , old and untended , and i turn to follow it . 
 the dotted yellow line painted down its center is inconsistent , an afterthought , apparently , a suggestion rather than a law . 
 every few feet a yellow sign warns drivers to watch out for elk . 
 every time i hear an approaching engine , i hide in the trees . 
 i do n't want some good samaritan to `` rescue '' me . 
 it 's mostly emergency vehicles , anyway , going too fast to see a lone woman who does n't want to be seen . 
 at last i come to the edge of a town . 
 a brightly painted sign welcomes me to the heart of the rainforest . 
 the sign is splattered with mud and half hidden by a gargantuan fern , so i ca n't read the name of the town , but i see the word washington . 
 i 'm not in canada . 
 `` but i 'm supposed to be in hope , '' i say to the emptiness around me . 
 trees commiserate , whisper in understanding . 
 they know how it feels to be uprooted , disappointed . 
 it 's bad enough that my one spontaneous decision in life leads to a plane crash ; i could at least crash near my destination . 
 then again , what difference does it make where i am ? 
 i step out from the veil of trees and follow the ribbon of asphalt into town , smoothing my hair as i go . 
 i have no idea how long i 've been walking ; this place seems too unreal to be tethered by something as scientific as time . 
 i should be wondering where i 'm going , but i do n't care . 
 my mind is floating . 
 the town that is n't hope looks like a movie set . 
 night tucks in around it ; what 's left glows in the light of streetlamps and holiday lighting . 
 santas and snowmen hang from lampposts ; strands of white lights frame the windows . 
 the stores are closed for the day , and i 'm glad . 
 i do n't want to see anyone yet . 
 what i want is a bed . 
 my head is hurting again and i 'm beginning to feel the cold . 
 in a small , warm diner i find a wall of pamphlets and one old man drinking coffee at a bar . 
 i see an advertisement for the comfort fishing lodge , and a feeling of destiny settles around me , makes me shiver . 
 it is the pretty little place i read about in hunting and fishing news . 
 the place that welcomed me to come and stay awhile . 
 i could use some comfort . 
 and i certainly need a place to stay . 
 i leave the light and heat of the restaurant and try to follow the map on the brochure . 
 i am alone again , and cold , and my head is really starting to hurt , but at least i have a destination . 
 i find lakeshore drive and follow it , walking along its crumbling edge , stepping over tire-sized potholes , for so long my feet start to ache . 
 it begins to really bug me that i 'm missing a sock . 
 it 's odd ; my head hurts , my skin feels raw , my stomach is on fire where the seat belt bit me , i 've walked away from an accident scene -lrb- that has to be illegal -rrb- , and i 'm worried about blisters on my feet . 
 it is quiet out here in a way i 've never experienced ; it 's not the city way of silence , when folks are asleep and their cars are parked . 
 this is a preternatural kind of quiet , where birdsong can startle you with its volume and a squirrel can be heard scampering up a tree as you approach . 
 i 'm enough of a city girl to wonder what i 'm doing in this no-man 's - land . 
 i find myself glancing back down the road , toward town , wishing i could hear a car . 
 i 'm just about to head back , in fact , when i turn the last corner and find myself in a large clearing , with a still , flat lake on my left and the immense forest on my right . 
 the road becomes a driveway , lined on either side by bare-limbed fruit trees . 
 at its end is a rustic-no , run down-log building . 
 the roof is a carpet of moss . 
 the wraparound porch sags tiredly to one side . 
 to the left of the front door is a large chainsaw carving of a trumpeter swan . 
 beneath it is a hand-painted sign welcoming me to the comfort fishing lodge . 
 beside this sign is another-one that reminds me of my own life . 
 `` for sale . '' 
 great . 
 what do i do now ? 
 i 'm too tired to walk back to town . 
 some guy is playing drums in my head . 
 i will throw myself on the owner 's mercy . 
 surely he 'll have one room to rent . 
 what choice do i have ? 
 `` no wonder i only dreamed about adventures , '' i mutter , following an untended stone path from the parking area to the lodge , where i find the front door ajar . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i call out , stepping inside . 
 my greeting fades into the quiet , unanswered . 
 the lobby is a big room with a huge stone and timber fireplace and twin floor-to-ceiling windows that overlook the lake . 
 shadows cling to every surface , but in the moonlight i can make out a green-and-red plaid sofa that faces the fireplace , two worn red leather chairs , and an antique trunk serving as a coffee table . 
 black-and-white photographs , matted in white and framed in dark wood line the walls . 
 even from a distance , i can tell that the prints are antique . 
 to my right is a brass and wood registration desk , complete with an antique cash register . 
 a display case in front of it is filled with brochures and flyers . 
 i stand there in the shadows , trying to figure out what to do , but it 's difficult to think . 
 my head hurts . 
 maybe i should just lie down on the sofa and go to sleep . 
 but i 'm desperate for a bath . 
 i 've already committed a crime-breaking and entering-so i may as well find a bathroom and a bed . 
 i move forward cautiously . 
 one by one , i try to open the doors . 
 none of the knobs turn for me , so i go upstairs . 
 a single door is open to my left . 
 i creep cautiously forward , and step into the room . 
 everything is in shadows ; it takes me a minute to focus . 
 when i do , i see a boy , sitting up in bed , rubbing his eyes and blinking at me . 
 `` mommy ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm joy . 
 i 'm sorry to just walk in on ... '' `` are you real ? '' 
 i smile at that . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm trying to check in to the lodge , but there 's no one at the desk . '' 
 `` we 're closed . '' 
 `` oh . 
 is there another motel nearby ? '' 
 now my head is pounding `` nope . '' 
 this has certainly been my day . 
 `` great . '' 
 this half-baked adventure of mine is going from bad to worse . 
 `` we got rooms , though , '' he says tiredly . 
 `` and i know how to check guests in . '' 
 `` really ? 
 i need ... '' my voice cracks on that . 
 there are too many things i need . 
 it 's best to focus on just the one . 
 `` a room for the night would be great . '' 
 `` my dad wo n't like it , but this is my house , too . '' 
 he throws back the covers and gets out of bed . 
 walking past me , he heads out into the hallway , and then looks back at me . 
 `` you coming ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 sure . '' 
 he leads me downstairs and shows me to the last door on the left side of the hallway . 
 `` here . '' 
 he twists the knob and opens the door . 
 inside the room , i find a narrow dresser , a queen-sized bed , and a desk in the corner . 
 in the shadowy darkness , everything looks shabby but clean . 
 `` thank you , '' i say . 
 `` about paying ... '' `` people pay when they leave . '' 
 that 's a relief . 
 i can get my bank to wire funds at the end of my stay if i do n't have enough cash . 
 `` maybe i 'll see you tomorrow , '' he says , and then he 's off , running for the stairs . 
 i close the door behind me , and there i am , caught by moonlight in the rectangular mirror above the dresser . 
 i look like hell . 
 leaves and twigs inhabit my red hair , which has somehow puffed up to three times its usual size . 
 my blue eyes-usually my best feature-are bloodshot , and my pale , freckled skin is blotchy with dirt . 
 something 's wrong . 
 blood . 
 where is it ? 
 i see scratches and scrapes but no deep wounds . 
 thank god . 
 it must have been rain i tasted as i lay there . 
 maybe i bit my tongue ... or maybe that metallic taste was tears . 
 it does n't matter . 
 what matters are a bath and a bed . 
 in that order . 
 i open the small connecting door to my bathroom . 
 shower . 
 not a bath . 
 a shower . 
 i 'm disappointed but hardly surprised . 
 this has not been a day when things went my way . 
 i step into a steaming hot shower with my clothes on . 
 why not ? 
 everything needs to be washed . 
 the first part of my slumber is bad , i 'll admit it-a kaleidoscope of ugly memories . 
 the crash . 
 my sister . 
 thom . 
 the crash . 
 but what i learn is this : when you 're tired enough , you fall asleep , and nothing heals your mind like a peaceful night . 
 when i waken , i feel remarkably good for a woman who survived a small plane crash and is currently running away from her real life . 
 no . 
 i 'm not running away . 
 i 'm on my first adventure . 
 still , i ca n't help hoping-just for a second-that stacey is still at my house , waiting for me . 
 worrying . 
 maybe she 'll think i 've been kidnapped and call the police . 
 then she 'd be sorry for sleeping with my husband and breaking my heart . 
 but even as i dive into the warm fantasy , i feel it grow cold . 
 she wo n't call the cops , wo n't mount a search . 
 a year ago , she would have . 
 not now . 
 she no longer knows my life well enough to wonder at my absence . 
 for all she knows , i 'm on the beach in jamaica with some young hottie . 
 or in a wild and primitive rainforest ... i listen to the birds outside my window . 
 i can hear the lake , too , lapping lazily against the shore . 
 somewhere a radio is playing . 
 in the bathroom , i find a small travel set in the top drawer . 
 toothbrush , toothpaste , shampoo , and body lotion . 
 it 's everything i need . 
 so i take another long , luxurious shower and dress in yesterday 's clothes . 
 my black pants are dry , but stiff , likewise my now clean sweater set . 
 showered and dressed , i feel ready to begin this adventure of mine . 
 i grab my camera and leave the safety of my room-1a , according to the plaque on the door-and go in search of someone to check me in . 
 if i 'm lucky , the boy is right and i can pay at the end of my stay . 
 the lobby is filled with pale sunlight and warmed by a crackling fire . 
 in the light coming through the window , everything looks incredibly sharp and bright . 
 even the worn red-leather chairs and plaid sofa . 
 i can see tiny diamond flecks in the fireplace 's stonework . 
 in contrast , without the sunlight , the registration area seems dull and vaguely gray . 
 this is a part of the world where light changes everything , obviously . 
 i take a few photographs of the lobby for my scrapbook , then turn toward the door . 
 in the distance , i hear the high pitched whine of a tool-chainsaw , maybe , or a weed eater . 
 a few moments later , there are footsteps outside , coming up the walk , crossing the deck . 
 the door opens . 
 it 's the boy i met last night . 
 he 's younger than i thought-maybe eight or nine years old-with shaggy black hair and freckled cheeks . 
 his lashes are long enough to make him beautiful . 
 but it is his eyes that i notice most . 
 they 're ice blue and sad . 
 when he sees me , he drops the hammer he is carrying . 
 i smile . 
 `` hello again . 
 it 's nice to see you . '' 
 `` oh , boy . '' 
 he crosses his arms . 
 i recognize the body language . 
 it 's what i do now when i look at my ex-sister , cross my arms , as if a few more layers of muscle and bone can protect my heart . 
 `` i thought you 'd be gone . '' 
 i hear the way his voice trembles ; it 's loneliness , that sound . 
 the sense that your boat has come untied and you 're drifting away . 
 it 's what i 've felt everyday for almost a year . 
 it 's why i 'm here , pretending i do n't have a sister . 
 `` i 'd like to stay awhile . 
 if that 's okay . '' 
 before i can say more , the front door bangs open , and a man walks in . 
 he is whipcord lean , with close-cropped black hair and a face that is all sharp lines and deep hollows . 
 a dark stubble shadows his sunken cheeks ; the harsh color accentuates the paleness of his skin . 
 his eyes are strangely green , a color too bright for the rest of his hard , weather-beaten face . 
 i can see how handsome he once was , before life wore him down . 
 i know how he feels . 
 sometimes in the last year , i 've thought that my color was washing away in the shower or fading in the sun . 
 i would n't have been surprised to wake up one morning and find myself a black-and-white woman moving through a colored world . 
 he does n't even notice me . 
 he is looking directly at the boy . 
 `` what are you doing in here , boyo ? 
 i thought we were cutting trees together ? '' 
 his voice is deep and rich , softened by an irish brogue . 
 `` i came in for a coke and found her . '' 
 he points at me . 
 `` last night i checked her in to room 1a ... just like mom and me used to do when this place was open . 
 before you showed up . '' 
 the man looks at me for a second , maybe less . 
 i am of no interest to him , obviously . 
 `` a guest , huh ? 
 well , that 's grand . '' 
 the way he says the last word leaves no doubt about his reaction . 
 he does not find it grand at all . 
 and though his voice is full of sarcasm , a lilting irish brogue softens it . 
 he barely looks at me . 
 `` i guess my presence is a bit surprising , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm sorry about that . 
 i got here late last night . 
 i 'd really like to stay a few days . '' 
 the man bends down for the hammer . 
 even with the distance between us , i can hear his sigh . 
 `` i know you do n't want me to sell this place , bobby , but one guest is n't gon na change things . '' 
 `` you said you were selling cause no one stayed here . '' 
 `` that 's not what i said . '' 
 `` i love it here , '' the boy-bobby-cries out . 
 `` and i know how to check in guests . 
 mommy taught me . '' 
 the man seems to deflate at that . 
 `` aye . '' 
 `` i wo n't be any trouble , '' i say . 
 suddenly i 'm scared . 
 if i leave here , i 'll go home . 
 i know me . 
 i 've never handled obstacles particularly well , and i do n't want to go home yet . 
 stacey will be waiting for me ; i 'll have to deal with the wedding and the baby and my broken heart . 
 `` just a few days . 
 please ? 
 i need a vacation . '' 
 `` she 's stayin ' , '' bobby says defiantly , looking at his father . 
 the man looks at his son , and in the glance that goes between them , i see a pair of people who 've lost their way together . 
 `` tell her not to expect anything from me . 
 i 'm too busy to play host . '' 
 i feel a surge of gratitude . 
 every runaway needs a break , and this stranger has given it to me . 
 i can stay here-hide out-for a while , just long enough to catch my breath and gather my courage for the next round of real life . 
 `` i really appreciate this . 
 you ... ca n't know ... '' i do n't know how to express it , how much this means to me . 
 if i say all that i 'm feeling he 'll write me off as a wacko . 
 `` i 'm joy , '' i say by way of introduction . 
 `` he 's daniel . 
 i 'm bobby . '' 
 daniel looks irritated . 
 `` come on , bobby , i need your help clearing trees down by the lake . 
 your mum let this place go . '' 
 bobby moves reluctantly toward his father . 
 when they are at the door , bobby looks back at me . 
 then , wordlessly , he follows his father outside . 
 i n the quiet that follows their departure , it strikes me : i 'm staying . 
 i am on my first vacation in years , and i am in an exotic location . 
 although it started off rocky -lrb- okay , so that 's a mammoth understatement -rrb- , as the kids at school say : it 's all good now . 
 i have been given a great gift in this holiday season . 
 time . 
 time to let go of some of this baggage that has weighed me down in the past year . 
 there 's no way for me to gauge how long this interlude will last , so i better take full advantage of the time i have . 
 no whining or moping or crying . 
 that 's the resolution i make . 
 here , for as long as my time lasts , i intend to be the old-or , perhaps the young-joy faith candellaro , the woman who believes in love and marriage and fairy tales . 
 the woman i used to be . 
 but first i need to find something to eat-i 'm starving . 
 it takes me hardly any time to find the kitchen . 
 the small , old-fashioned space reminds me vaguely of my mom 's kitchen in the house in which i grew up-same yellow beadboard cabinets , silver appliances , and oak plank floors . 
 it has a lovely , homey feel , and the scent of freshly made coffee makes my mouth water . 
 the coffee tastes better on my vacation than it ever did at home . 
 same goes for the bagel and cream cheese i find in the fridge . 
 opening the drawer by the stove , i look for a paper and pen . 
 like all junk drawers everywhere , it 's full : playing cards , paper clips , store receipts , recipes ripped out of magazines , red marking pens , and travel brochures . 
 tucked in the back is a brand new dvd movie , unopened . 
 the lost boys . 
 the receipt taped to its face is dated three days ago . 
 it 's the same movie i bought a week ago , on sale at target . 
 so , we have the same weird taste in movies . 
 smiling at the unexpected connection , i find what i 'm looking for : a notepad and pen . 
 on the blue-lined page , i write : bagel , one tablespoon cream cheese , coffee . 
 at the end of my stay , i 'll figure out a way to pay for all of it . 
 thank god for the computerized world . 
 it wo n't take five minutes at an atm for me to get cash , even here , in the middle of nowhere . 
 later , perhaps i 'll take a cab to town , but for now , i want to explore this place where i have so unexpectedly landed . 
 i stop by my room , get my camera , and go outside . 
 in full daylight , i am amazed by this wild , isolated corner of the world . 
 everything is washed out , softened somehow by air that is threaded with fog . 
 there is water everywhere : in the grass that springs beneath my feet , in the steady dripping of drops from branches and eaves , in the slap of waves against the dock . 
 i feel rejuvenated by the moisture , like a desert traveler who has stumbled onto an impossible oasis . 
 i ca n't see anything with perfect clarity ; it is a world veiled by mist and water , and yet made all the more beautiful by obscurity . 
 lord knows i 've seen my life too clearly in the past year . 
 i choose my photographs carefully ; i do n't know when i 'll get more film . 
 looking for the perfect shot , i walk out toward the lake . 
 the water is a soft gray , striated by reflections of the clouds above . 
 the shore is made up of tiny bits of pea gravel and stones that seem polished to a mirrored black sheen . 
 a silvery wooded dock juts out above the water . 
 waves slap playfully at the pilings . 
 not far away , a gorgeous hand-built swing set stands empty ; every now and then the wind rattles the chains . 
 there are no other houses on the lake that i can see . 
 it is almost primeval , this forest . 
 i have never seen anything like it . 
 i turn and look back at the lodge . 
 from a distance , it looks more quaint than run down . 
 according to the article i read , the place is more than sixty years old . 
 in the photographs in the magazine , there were kids on the lawn , tossing frisbees to one another and trying to use hula hoops , others playing badminton and croquet . 
 no doubt the canoes and paddleboats and kayaks stacked by the dock would have been in constant use . 
 for the rest of the day , i poke through the cabins behind the lodge . 
 they are shabby but quaint . 
 with a new coat of paint , refinished floors , and a lot of scrubbing with bleach , they could be ready for guests . 
 the old windows , with their wavy glass and clear maple trim , are in great shape , as are the skinned log interior walls . 
 i take pictures of all of it-of spiderwebs beaded with dew , of swans on the lake , of listing cabins furred by moss and inhabited by mice . 
 all the while , i find myself imagining what this place could be . 
 there was a time , ten or twelve years ago , when i dreamed of owning a bed and breakfast . 
 during those years , i collected dozens of books and hundreds of articles on inn management . 
 i can picture each cottage with old-fashioned brass beds , big fluffy down comforters , and hand-painted dressers . 
 now , as i stand on the dock staring out at the lake , holding my camera , i think of the file cabinets in my garage , and the adventures-to-be within their slick gray metal sides . 
 i should never have let thom relegate my dreams to the garage . 
 that , i see now , was the beginning of the end . 
 even yesterday that realization would have made me cry ; now i find myself smiling . 
 i 'm dreaming again , for the first time in years , and it feels good . 
 a sound breaks my thoughts . 
 i turn slowly , scan the place . 
 daniel is on the roof , hammering shingles . 
 there 's a lonely sound in the way the nails ring out . 
 i watch him for a long time , almost willing him to look up and see me , but he works like a machine or a man on a mission , without pause . 
 finally , i turn away and walk along the shore , kicking rocks , noticing the moss that grows on everything . 
 it 's like being in the land that time forgot . 
 every leaf is huge , every tree towering , every stone coated with moss . 
 i am about to reach down for an agate when i hear a child 's voice . 
 `` i do n't know , '' the voice says , trembling . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 i follow the sound into the woods and find bobby , kneeling in a clearing . 
 evergreens ring him , rising high into the swollen sky , blocking out all but a single , golden shaft of light . 
 the ground is a bed of lime-green moss and tiny fiddleback ferns . 
 in front of him is a rustic wooden bench made of twisted and shiny tree limbs . 
 bobby looks incredibly small in this spot , surrounded as he is by giant trees . 
 `` not yet , '' he says to no one . 
 `` do n't go . '' 
 i can hear the tremor in his voice and it moves me , compels me to take a step closer . 
 `` bobby ? '' 
 he stiffens at the sound of my voice , but does n't turn to me or answer . 
 i move closer . 
 edging past him , i start to sit down on the bench . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 he screams , pushing me aside . 
 `` you 'll sit on her . '' 
 something in his voice makes my blood run cold . 
 i stop suddenly . 
 `` bobby ? '' 
 he kneels in the dirt and slumps forward . 
 `` it 's okay now . 
 she 's gone . 
 you can sit . '' 
 he looks utterly broken , this boy who only yesterday defied his father to let me stay here . 
 he picks up two action figures from the ground beside his knees and makes them battle . 
 it 's darth vader and count dooku , i think . 
 a woman does n't work in a high school without learning about popular culture . 
 i finally sit down on the bench in front of him . 
 `` are you okay , bobby ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` you do n't sound fine . 
 do you want to tell me why ? '' 
 `` you 'll think i 'm crazy , too . '' 
 `` why would i think that ? '' 
 he uses darth to smack dooku . 
 `` they all think i 'm wacko . '' 
 `` i doubt that . '' 
 he finally looks at me . 
 `` they do n't believe i see her . '' 
 `` see who ? '' 
 it takes him a moment to say , `` my mom . 
 she 's dead . '' 
 i feel as if we 've just swum out too far in cold water . 
 `` is that who you were talking to when i got here ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` i 'm not crazy , though . 
 i know she 's in heaven . 
 but i see her sometimes . 
 dad thinks she 's imaginary , like mr. patches . '' 
 `` mr. patches was an imaginary friend of yours ? '' 
 bobby makes a sound of disgust . 
 `` uh . 
 yeah . 
 when i was like ... four . '' 
 he goes back to his action figures , makes them fight . 
 `` i 'm not imagining my mom . '' 
 i find myself thinking of the plane crash , when i `` saw '' my mom . 
 the vision was so complete and full , i believed it and i 'm an adult . 
 a boy this age could hardly be expected to fully comprehend tricks of the mind . 
 of the heart . 
 `` i saw my mom just the other day , and she 's been dead for ten years . '' 
 bobby looks up again . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i talk to her all the time . '' 
 bobby seems to consider that , and me . 
 `` does she talk back ? '' 
 i think about that . 
 on a few memorable , rare occasions , i 've felt her presence . 
 `` in a way , maybe . 
 mostly i think i know what she would say . '' 
 bobby starts cracking the action figures together again . 
 `` he 's glad she 's dead . '' 
 `` who is ? '' 
 `` my dad . '' 
 i glance out toward the lake and , though i ca n't see the lodge , i can hear daniel hammering . 
 `` now i 'm s ` posed to pretend to like him . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` him and mommy got divorced when i was four . 
 i do n't even know him . 
 he 's only here ` cuz she 's dead . '' 
 four . 
 the same year mr. patches arrived . 
 i 've had enough child development classes to make the obvious connection . 
 i consider carefully how to respond . 
 we are speaking of serious matters of the heart here , and it 's hardly my place , but we teachers know that timing is n't always perfect with kids . 
 if they bring up a sensitive subject , you 'd best run with it . 
 there is often no second chance . 
 `` he 's here , is n't he ? '' 
 `` lucky me . '' 
 bobby wipes his eyes and turns away from me , obviously embarrassed by the display of emotion . 
 i remember how he feels . 
 when i was eight , my own dad walked out on us . 
 i waited years for him to return . 
 i slide off the bench and kneel in front of bobby . 
 `` it 's okay to cry , '' i say softly . 
 `` that 's what grown-ups say , but it 's not true . 
 arnie holtzner says only babies cry . 
 and now everyone calls me crybaby at school . '' 
 `` arnie holtzner is a butthead who wo n't have friends for long . '' 
 bobby looks shocked by that . 
 a tiny , hesitant smile plucks at his mouth . 
 `` you called arnie a bad word . '' 
 `` i can think of worse than butthead , believe me . '' 
 bobby stares at me for a moment , obviously trying not to smile . 
 `` you want to watch me play ? '' 
 `` sure , '' i say , finding it easy to smile . 
 i almost laugh , in fact . 
 here , in this strange clearing , hundreds of miles from home , i feel both lost and somehow found . 
 i lower my voice . 
 i hunker down , get eye level with the action figures . 
 `` come on , vader , fight back . '' 
 that night , though i fall asleep easily , i wake up in a cold sweat , unable to draw an even breath . 
 memories of the crash wo n't let go of me . 
 i would swear that the grit in my eyes is ash . 
 i try to fall back asleep , but it is impossible . 
 my headache has returned , as has the pain in my chest . 
 it 's not real , i know , just the phantom ache of a broken heart . 
 it 's a pain i 've lived with since the day i came home unexpectedly and found stacey and thom together . 
 throwing back the covers , i get out of bed and go to the window . 
 the first pink brush stroke of dawn sweeps across the black sky . 
 i grab my camera , get dressed , and leave my room . 
 halfway to the lobby , i hear a voice : it 's daniel 's soft , lilting brogue . 
 i peer around the corner . 
 he is at the window , staring out at the lake . 
 his black hair is a tangled , untended mess . 
 moving quietly , i edge around the corner and i see what he 's looking at . 
 bobby is out at the lake , alone , and gesturing wildly . 
 even from this distance , and through the murky , unreliable dawn light , i can see that no one is near him . 
 i see her sometimes . 
 `` god help us , '' daniel says in a broken voice . 
 i know he is praying , asking god for help . 
 still , the words are given to me . 
 i feel a strange binding to them . 
 with a curse , he goes outside and walks down the path to the lake . 
 i move cautiously toward the window , but from here , i wo n't be able to hear them . 
 if i 'm going to eavesdrop , i should do it correctly . 
 on this specious bit of logic , which i know is really only curiosity , i slip outside and step into the dark shadows cast by a volkswagen-sized rhododendron . 
 `` what the hell , bobby ? 
 i thought we agreed about this , '' daniel says . 
 `` you ca n't stop me from talking to her . '' 
 `` maybe tomorrow we 'll go see father james . 
 he - '' `` go back to being a stork broker . 
 i do n't want you here , '' bobby says . 
 pushing past his dad , he runs back into the lodge . 
 he is crying too hard to see me . 
 daniel stands there a long time , looking out at the lake . 
 there 's a strange intimacy between us ; i 'm trapped by his presence . 
 i ca n't move from my hiding place without risk . 
 at last , he turns away from the water and returns to the house , muttering under his breath as he passes me . 
 once inside , he slams the door shut so hard it bangs back open . 
 i stand there a long moment , in the darkness , then step out into the dawning light . 
 behind the black trees and gunmetal gray lake , the sky is awash in layers of color-fuschia , lavender , neon orange . 
 i bring the camera up and find the perfect shot , but by the time i take it , i 've lost interest . 
 what i care about right now ca n't be put in focus or framed in a neat little viewfinder . 
 bobby and daniel are in trouble . 
 they are obviously drowning in a sea of what they 've lost . 
 i know about those dark waters . 
 someone needs to throw them a life ring . 
 b ack in the kitchen , i find a pot of coffee and a plate of muffins . 
 blueberry , my favorite . 
 i add one cup of coffee and a single muffin to my tab , then go in search of mementos for my trip . 
 the perfect photograph . 
 i 'll accept nothing less . 
 outside , the pink dawn has given way to a gray and yellow day of inconsistent weather : there , by the road , it 's cloudy and rainy ; here at the front door , it 's shadowy and moist ; down by the lake , it 's sunny . 
 as i walk down the path , the air is thick with mist . 
 birdsong bursts forth in gatling gun spasms with every step i take . 
 i snap several photographs before the swing set catches my eye . 
 this is a magnificent specimen-obviously hand-built and carefully designed . 
 it has a slide , two swings , and a fort . 
 i used to love swinging ; at the house in calabasas , stacey and i spent hours in the air , side by side , and pushing each other . 
 i go to the swing set , set my camera gently on a step , and wipe dew from one of the black leather seats . 
 sitting , i lean back and pump my legs until i 'm practically flying . 
 the lemon and charcoal sky fills my vision . 
 `` grown-ups do n't play on the swings . '' 
 at bobby 's voice , i stab my feet into the loose dirt and skid to a stop . 
 he 's standing near the skinned log stanchion . 
 his eyes are bloodshot from crying . 
 tiny pink sleep lines crisscross his face . 
 his curly hair is stick straight in places . 
 i feel an almost overwhelming urge to take him in my arms and hold him . 
 instead , i say : `` they do n't , huh ? 
 who says ? '' 
 he frowns at me . 
 `` i dunno . '' 
 `` you want to join me ? '' 
 he stares at me for a long time , then eases toward the other swing . 
 there , he takes a seat and leans back . 
 `` this is a great swing set . 
 someone worked hard on it . '' 
 `` my dad made it . 
 a long time ago . '' 
 together we swing , side by side , up and down . 
 the clouds overhead coalesce and disperse and float away . 
 `` you see that cloud there ? '' 
 i say , on the upswing . 
 `` the pointy one . 
 what does it look like to you ? '' 
 bobby is quiet for a while , then he says , `` my mommy . 
 she had puffy hair like that . '' 
 `` i think it looks like ... hmmmm . 
 a zipperumpa-zoo . '' 
 `` a what ? '' 
 `` you 've never heard of professor wormbog and his search for the zipperumpa-zoo ? '' 
 he shakes his head solemnly . 
 `` oh , my . 
 i guess i 'll have to tell you the story sometime . '' 
 `` you promise ? '' 
 `` cross my heart . '' 
 he finally smiles and leans back , pumping his legs . 
 `` how about that cloud ? 
 it looks like a pointy stick . '' 
 `` or a piece of coconut cream pie . '' 
 he giggles . 
 `` or gandalf 's hat . '' 
 we swing so long i go from feeling airy and light to light-headed . 
 i slow down , stare out at the lake . 
 quiet settles in between us , turns awkward . 
 `` maybe it 's time for me to tell you that story now . 
 we could sit on the grass . '' 
 bobby sighs . 
 `` i got ta go to youth group today . '' 
 `` is that so bad ? '' 
 `` arnie holtzner is there . 
 and father james always tries to talk to me about mom . 
 he thinks i 'd feel better if i prayed . 
 as if . '' 
 i turn to look at him . 
 `` you do n't think it would help ? '' 
 `` god let her die , did n't he ? '' 
 `` ah , '' i say , recognizing the emotion . 
 `` so you 're mad at him . '' 
 bobby shrugs . 
 `` i just do n't wan na pray . '' 
 the clouds bunch up above us , take on a steely tinge . 
 before bobby finishes saying , `` it 's gon na rain , '' it 's pouring . 
 laughing , we run for the house . 
 inside , i shake off , but no amount of movement will dry my clothes . 
 i peel off my clammy sweater and wipe the rain from my eyes . 
 `` i have got to go to town for clothes . '' 
 `` there 's a lost and found box in your closet . 
 my mommy kept everything in case people came back . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` unless dad threw it away . 
 he ca n't wait to get rid of our stuff . '' 
 i hurry to my room , open the closet , and there it is : a cardboard box marked lost and found . 
 the box is heaped with clothing of all kinds and sizes . 
 after a thorough search , i choose a black broomstick skirt with an elastic waistband that falls almost to my ankles , an ivory boatneck sweater , and black knee socks . 
 when i return to the lobby , dressed in my new wardrobe , bobby is waiting for me . 
 `` can we play more ? '' 
 `` i thought you had to go to youth group . '' 
 `` not till after lunch . 
 dad wants to finish painting the hall upstairs . 
 so he can sell the place and move us to bawston . '' 
 i ca n't help smiling at his perfect accent . 
 i sit down on the floor beside him . 
 `` you do n't like boston ? '' 
 `` i like it here . '' 
 `` have you told your dad that ? '' 
 `` like he listens . '' 
 `` maybe you should try talking to him . '' 
 mondo hypocrisy . 
 suddenly i 'm dear abby . 
 me , who ran away from a sister who wanted to talk . 
 `` my parents got divorced when i was about your age . 
 my mom took my sister and me across the country for a new start . 
 my dad just ... let us go . 
 i never saw him again . '' 
 `` you 're lucky . '' 
 i look at him . 
 `` you really think so ? '' 
 a frown darts across his forehead . 
 for a second , i think he 's going to say something . 
 instead , he gets up and walks over to the fireplace . 
 on the hearth is an old wooden box ; from which he produces two action figures . 
 gandalf in white with his staff and samwise in full orc regalia . 
 `` you wan na play ? '' 
 i can see how afraid he is to talk about his feelings for his father . 
 how could i not understand that-me , who is on the run from real life ? 
 i crane my neck , try to see into the box . 
 `` you have a frodo in there ? '' 
 bobby giggles . 
 `` yeah . 
 we 'll pretend he 's wearing the ring . '' 
 bobby and i spend the morning on the living room floor , battling our way through mordor and up the steep brick sides of mount doom . 
 honestly , i ca n't remember when i 've had so much fun . 
 we talk about things that do n't matter and laugh about them . 
 sometime around noon , daniel comes downstairs . 
 splattered with paint , carrying two brushes and a bucket , he walks past us . 
 `` come on , bobby . 
 it 's time for youth group . '' 
 `` i do n't wan na go . '' 
 `` too bad . 
 move it . '' 
 daniel opens the front door and sets his supplies on the deck . 
 `` let 's go , boyo . 
 we 'll have lunch at the diner first . '' 
 `` c 'n joy ... '' `` no . '' 
 bobby throws me a `` see ? '' 
 look and climbs to his feet . 
 `` i 'm coming , emperor . '' 
 it 's all i can do not to smile at the tender defiance . 
 i would have called my dad a hell of a lot worse than emperor at his age . 
 `` bye , you guys , '' i say from my place on the floor . 
 bobby looks back at me longingly . 
 `` you can keep playing if you want . 
 you can even be frodo . '' 
 `` i 'll wait for you . '' 
 daniel herds his son out the door . 
 a few minutes later , i hear a car start up and drive away . 
 then it 's quiet again . 
 i try to figure out what to do next . 
 i could walk to town for clothes and film and food , or take a walk in the woods , or borrow a canoe and go out on the lake , or sleep . 
 last night was hard : nightmares plagued me . 
 i close my eyes . 
 it feels so great here , lying on the soft woolen carpet , feeling the heat from a fading fire , listening to the quiet . 
 in my dreams , i 'm lying on an air mattress , floating on lake curran . 
 the sun overhead is hot and bright ; when i try to open my eyes , it hurts . 
 i can feel people around me , splashing in the water . 
 my sister 's voice is the most constant : i 'm sorry . 
 the apology is repeated over and over . 
 i know she wants me to open my eyes , take her hand , and tell her it 's okay , but it 's not okay . 
 she 's broken my heart . 
 i hear my mother in my dreams , too , telling me to wake up . 
 i 'm sure that she wants me to forgive stacey also . 
 i want to tell them i ca n't do it , but then i 'm floating away on the tide . 
 i 'm on the ocean now , alone ... then i 'm in a child 's bed , then in a white room . 
 `` are you kidding me ? '' 
 the sentence shakes me , jars me . 
 with great effort , i open my eyes . 
 at first , i expect to see water , blue and lit by the sun . 
 i see green carpet and wooden planks and the lower half of a plaid sofa . 
 i 'm in the lodge , asleep on the living room floor . 
 i blink , trying to focus , and push up to my knees . 
 daniel is in the registration area , pacing , talking on the phone . 
 `` what do you mean , a fight ? '' 
 i frown , sit back on my heels . 
 `` he 's eight years old , '' daniel says , then curses under his breath . 
 `` sorry , father . 
 and do you think i 've not tried ? 
 god 's the enemy now . 
 and me . '' 
 i get slowly to my feet and stand there by the fireplace . 
 he has n't seen me yet , but when he does , i know he wo n't be happy . 
 he does n't want me in the lodge , let alone eavesdropping on personal conversations . 
 but i ca n't seem to move . 
 he looks so ... the right word escapes me . 
 not angry , not upset . 
 wounded . 
 `` aye , '' he says after a pause . 
 then , `` i 'll be right down . '' 
 he slams the phone down on the table , then curses loudly and runs a hand through his hair . 
 slowly , he turns toward the living room . 
 i 'm standing there , frozen , staring at him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say , lifting my hands . 
 `` well if this is n't just what i need . '' 
 `` i was on the floor . 
 i did n't mean to eavesdrop . '' 
 his gaze slides past me-a pointed reminder that i do n't belong here-and catches on the photographs on the mantel to my left . 
 family photos . 
 with another curse , he storms out of the lodge and slams the door shut behind him . 
 outside , i hear the car engine start , and wheels sputtering on wet gravel . 
 only then do i move . 
 i turn to the mantel , pick up one of the photographs . 
 in it , bobby is a pudgy-faced baby in a blue snowsuit . 
 daniel is smiling brightly and holding a beautiful , dark-haired woman close . 
 there 's no mistaking the love in their eyes . 
 no wonder daniel is rude to me . 
 this time is tough enough on him and bobby without an uninvited spectator . 
 for the next half hour , i busy myself in the kitchen , making lunch and then cleaning up my mess . 
 when i 'm done , i return to my room , where i wash out my other clothes and hang them over the shower rod to dry , then i wander back to the lobby . 
 the fire is fading now , falling apart in a shower of sparks . 
 i am standing in front of it , warming my hands when they return . 
 bobby comes in first , looking utterly dejected . 
 `` hey , joy . 
 dad says i ca n't play my gameboy for two days . 
 and i did n't start nothin ' . '' 
 i turn to face them . 
 daniel sits in the chair opposite me . 
 i can tell by the way he looks at bobby that he 's been as bruised by this fight as his son . 
 he does n't look angry ; rather , i see sadness in him . 
 `` this is a family matter , '' he says pointedly . 
 `` do n't talk to her . 
 talk to me . '' 
 shut up , joy . 
 shut up . 
 i ca n't do it . 
 daniel 's been out of his son 's life for a few years ; maybe he has n't been around children in that time . 
 `` kids get in fights , '' i say as gently as i can . 
 `` i 'm a high school librarian . 
 believe me , i know . '' 
 `` not my dad , '' bobby says , sidling up beside me . 
 `` not me what ? '' 
 daniel says , irritated . 
 when he looks at us-bobby and me-he 's not smiling . 
 `` you 'd never get punched at school . '' 
 bobby 's voice quivers . 
 in the tremor , i hear how much he wants not to have disappointed his father . 
 to my surprise , daniel smiles . 
 `` when i was a lad in dublin , i got into plenty of scraps . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` aye . 
 and i got my arse kicked , i 'll tell you . 
 my own da used to go after me . 
 he said he did n't wan na raise no mama 's boy . '' 
 his smile fades . 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with bein ' a mama 's boy . 
 she loved you something fierce , bobby . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` but she would n't want you fighting at church group . '' 
 `` i know that . '' 
 i want to jump in with some stellar bit of advice that changes their lives and draws them together , but i know it 's not my place . 
 for too long , we 're all quiet . 
 finally daniel stands . 
 `` i 'd best get to work on the bedrooms upstairs . 
 no one is going to buy this place in the shape it 's in . 
 you coming ? '' 
 `` i 'm gon na show joy my arrowheads . '' 
 irritation flashes in daniel 's eyes and then is gone . 
 `` fine . 
 i 'll work alone then . '' 
 without another glance , he goes up the stairs and disappears . 
 as soon as daniel is gone , i look down at bobby . 
 `` you are n't too nice to your dad . '' 
 `` he is n't too nice to me . '' 
 he pushes the hair from his eyes , revealing an angry purple bruise above his eye . 
 `` he yelled at me about fighting , and it was n't even my fault . '' 
 i wish i could reach out for him , but he does n't seem ready for comfort . 
 so , instead , i say , `` how does the other guy look ? '' 
 `` i missed , '' bobby says miserably . 
 `` and i wanted to hit him . 
 i was so mad . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 his shoulders lump in defeat . 
 `` arnie holtzner punched me . '' 
 `` the butthead ? 
 how come ? '' '' 
 ` cuz i 'm a crybaby . '' 
 `` you are no crybaby , bobby . 
 you 're a very brave boy . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` tell me what happened . '' 
 `` we were makin ' christmas ornaments out of cotton balls and life savers . 
 i said i di n't want to make one , and arnie asked why , and i said ` cuz the ornaments were stupid and he said i was stupid and i said i was n't . 
 then he socked me . '' 
 i want to say , arnie 's an ass , but i hold back . 
 `` why did n't you want to make an ornament ? '' '' 
 ` cuz we are n't gon na have a tree . '' 
 his voice catches . 
 he glances at the door his father just slammed . 
 `` my mom would never forget christmas . '' 
 i know i should keep my mouth shut , but when i look down at this bruised little boy , i am drawn by some force that ca n't be denied . 
 `` you never know , bobby . 
 christmas is full of magic . '' 
 for the remainder of the afternoon , bobby and i play board games and watch winnie-the-pooh movies . 
 all the while i can hear daniel working upstairs-hammering , sanding , walking from room to room . 
 i tell myself to stay out of their business , but the admonition has a hollow , empty sound . 
 these two need help , and it 's christmas . 
 i may have lost my own holiday spirit , but i ca n't watch a little boy lose his . 
 besides , this is my first real adventure . 
 what kind of adventurer ignores the needs of others ? 
 `` let 's play again , '' bobby says , reaching for his game piece . 
 i laugh . 
 three rounds of candy land are all any adult can reasonably be expected to survive , though , with bobby drawing my cards and moving my game pieces , i must admit that i 've hardly been paying attention . 
 `` no way . 
 how about we do something else ? '' 
 `` i know ! '' 
 he pops to his feet and runs upstairs ; moments later he 's back , holding a mason jar full of rocks . 
 `` it 's my collection . '' 
 he flops down on the floor and dumps out the jar . 
 dozens of stones splatter out . 
 several arrowheads are mixed in with the pretty stones . 
 bits of beach glass add color to the pile . 
 i kneel beside him . 
 `` wow . '' 
 he picks them up one by one ; each piece has a story . 
 there are agates , beach rocks , and arrowheads . 
 his voice runs fast , like a weed eater in summer as he talks . 
 mommy found this one by the river . 
 this one was at the beach , hidden underneath a log . 
 i found this one all by myself . 
 when he 's finished , he sits back on his heels . 
 `` she always said she 'd find me a white arrowhead . '' 
 i hear the drop in his voice , the way grief sidles in beside him . 
 `` your mom ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 she said we 'd find it together . '' 
 to change the subject , i say , `` what 's that nickel doing in the jar ? '' 
 he barely looks at it . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 there 's definitely something in his nothing . 
 `` really ? 
 no reason at all ? 
 because those are your special things . '' 
 he reaches for a perfectly ordinary nickel . 
 `` daddy gave me this when we were at the county fair . 
 he bought me a snowcone and let me keep the change . '' 
 `` and that blue button ? '' 
 it 's a moment before bobby answers , and when he does speak , his voice is soft . 
 `` that 's from daddy 's work shirt . 
 it came off when we were playin ' helicopter . 
 i ... '' he throws the nickel in the jar , then scoops everything back in . 
 the arrowheads and rocks rattle and clang against the glass . 
 i smooth the hair from his forehead , but he is so intent on the nickel that he seems not to have noticed my touch . 
 he looks as bruised on the inside right now as he is on the outside , and the sight of this poor kid , looking so lost , tears at my heart . 
 `` how about if i read you a story ? '' 
 a smile breaks across his face . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` really . 
 i do n't suppose you have professor wormbog and the search for the zipperumpa-zoo ? '' 
 `` no , but i got one my mom always read to me . '' 
 i hear the tiny upward lilt in his voice , the single note of hope , and it makes me smile . 
 `` go get it . 
 and if you have a dr. seuss , get that , too . '' 
 bobby runs upstairs . 
 i hear his hurried footsteps overhead , the banging of doors . 
 in moments he is back , clattering down the stairs , clutching a pair of books . 
 `` i found 'em , '' he yells triumphantly , as if they were big game animals he 'd bagged . 
 i sit down on the sofa and he curls up next to me , handing me a lovely blue book that is the disney movie version of beauty and the beast . 
 i take it gently , open it between us , and begin to read aloud . 
 `` once upon a time , in a faraway land , there was a magical kingdom where just about everything was perfect ... '' the words take us to a place where plates and candelabras can be a boy 's best friend and a beast can become a prince . 
 i lose myself in the words , and find myself . 
 in the past years , as my job became more and more about computers and technology and internet searches , i 'd forgotten why i started . 
 the love of books , of reading . 
 there 's nothing a librarian likes better than sharing her love of words with a child . 
 when i close the book , bobby is beaming up at me . 
 `` again ! '' 
 he says , bouncing in his seat . 
 i put down beauty and the beast and pick up the bright orange dr. seuss . 
 `` now it 's your turn . '' 
 his face closes tighter than a submarine hatch . 
 `` i do n't read . '' 
 `` come on . '' 
 i open the book , point to the first sentence , and read : `` i am sam . '' 
 then i wait . 
 when the quiet stretches out too long , bobby looks up at me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm waiting . 
 it 's your turn to read . '' 
 `` are you deaf ? 
 i ca n't read . '' 
 i frown . 
 `` how about just the first word ? '' 
 he glares at me , his chin jutted out . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` try . 
 just the first word . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` please ? '' 
 i can feel his surrender . 
 he goes limp beside me and sighs . 
 he stares down at the book , frowning , then says , `` i . 
 but that 's just a letter . 
 big deal . '' 
 `` it 's also a word . '' 
 this time when he turns to me he looks scared . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 his voice is a whisper . 
 `` arnie says i 'm stupid . '' 
 `` you can . 
 do n't be afraid . 
 i 'll help . '' 
 i smile gently . 
 `` and you know what i think of arnie . '' 
 slowly , he tries to sound out the next word . 
 when he stumbles , i offer a tiny bit of help and a heap of encouragement . 
 `` s ... a ... m. '' bobby frowns up at me . 
 `` sam ? '' 
 `` you read the whole page . '' 
 `` it 's a baby book , '' he says , but a smile plucks at his mouth . 
 `` babies ca n't read i am sam . 
 only big boys can do that . '' 
 i turn the page . 
 by the time we get to green eggs and ham ? 
 bobby has stopped frowning . 
 it takes a long time , but he finally sounds out the entire story , and when he finishes , he is laughing . 
 `` i read the whole book . '' 
 `` you did really well , '' i say . 
 gently , i add , `` maybe you could read with your dad . '' 
 `` no . 
 i heard him tell my teacher that i needed a too-tor . 
 that 's something for dumb kids . '' 
 `` a tutor is not something for dumb kids . 
 i tutor kids in the library all the time . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 before i can answer , i hear footsteps coming down the stairs . 
 bobby and i both look up . 
 `` come on , boyo , '' daniel says tiredly . 
 `` let 's go get some dinner in town . '' 
 `` c 'n joy come ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 the curtness of daniel 's answer hurts my feelings-as ridiculous as that is-until i see his face . 
 the question has wounded him . 
 he is jealous of me-of bobby choosing to be with me . 
 i know a thing or two about jealousy , how it can cut you to the bone and bring out the worst in you . 
 i also know that it is grounded in love . 
 `` talk to him , '' i whisper ; the irony of my advice does n't escape me . 
 apparently a woman running away from a conversation with her sister has no problem telling others to talk . 
 `` come on , bobby . 
 they run out of meatloaf early on weekends . 
 and it 's your favorite . '' 
 bobby gets up . 
 his shoulders droop sadly as he walks away from me . 
 `` no , it is n't . 
 i like pizza . '' 
 daniel winces . 
 his voice tightens . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 after they 're gone , i sit on the sofa , listening to the dying fire . 
 rain hammers the roof and falls in silver beads down the windows , blurring the outside world . 
 it is fitting , that obscurity , for right now , what i care about is in this lodge . 
 i have to do something to help bobby and daniel . 
 but what ? 
 that night , i have trouble sleeping again . 
 there are too many things on my mind . 
 sleep comes and goes ; too often i am plagued by nightmare images of my sister and thom , of the wedding invitation she handed me , of the plane crash . 
 but when dawn finally comes to my small , small room and taps on the window , i have only one worry left . 
 the others i have let go . 
 bobby 's christmas . 
 this is a problem i can solve , unlike the issues in my own life . 
 here and now , i can do something that will make a difference in someone 's life , and perhaps that-the simple act of helping someone else-will help me in my own . 
 after a quick shower , i redress in my `` new '' clothes and head for the lobby . 
 as i suspected , daniel is outside already . 
 i can see him on his tractor , clearing the area down by the lake . 
 already , i know him well enough to know that he will work most of the day . 
 now is the time . 
 running upstairs , i go straight to bobby 's room and find him still in bed . 
 `` bobby ? 
 wake up . '' 
 `` joy ? '' 
 `` i have a plan . '' 
 he rubs his eyes . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 `` a secret mission . '' 
 he sits up . 
 `` like we 're spies ? '' 
 `` exactly like that . '' 
 he throws back the covers and climbs out of bed . 
 in his spiderman jammies and clotted hair , he looks incredibly young . 
 `` downstairs , '' i say , checking my watch . 
 `` it 's 9:07 . 
 you have five minutes or you 'll miss the mission . 
 do n't forget to brush your teeth . '' 
 he giggles . 
 i 'm smiling , too , as i head for the door . 
 four minutes later , he comes barreling downstairs like a saint bernard puppy , all feet and exuberance . 
 `` did i make it ? '' 
 `` right on time . 
 now , agent 001 , we need to be quiet and careful . '' 
 he nods solemnly . 
 i lead him outside . 
 we move cautiously , not wanting to be seen . 
 not that it matters . 
 daniel is deep in the trees now , out of our view . 
 we go to the spot where daniel was working yesterday . 
 there , at least a dozen young fir trees lay on their sides , waiting to be chopped into firewood . 
 `` hmmm , '' i say , tapping my chin with my forefinger . 
 `` which of these trees wants to come to your house for christmas ? '' 
 bobby gasps . 
 `` we 're going to put up a christmas tree ? '' 
 `` we are . '' 
 `` my dad wo n't like it . '' 
 `` you let me worry about your father , '' i say with more bravado than i feel . 
 bobby giggles again . 
 `` okay , secret agent joy ... '' `` shh . 
 you ca n't say my name out loud . '' 
 he clamps a hand over his mouth and points to a rather sad and scrawny tree , which he drags back to the lodge . 
 once there , we move quickly and quietly . 
 bobby runs upstairs , then returns with a poinsettia-decorated red box full of lights . 
 he makes this trip several times , until there are four boxes and a tree stand on the stone hearth . 
 it takes us almost twenty minutes to get the tree in the stand and positioned correctly . 
 i am no help at all , which would n't surprise my sister . 
 bobby and i giggle at our ineptitude and hush each other . 
 every few minutes we go to the window and make sure that daniel is busy . 
 it is n't until i stand back to inspect the tree that i really feel it . 
 a tug of loss and longing . 
 i ca n't help remembering how it used to be between me and stacey at this magical time of year . 
 like the time she gave me the holly hobbie doll santa had given her , just because i wanted it more . 
 and there was the hellacious camping trip when we were little . 
 mom had been in full headband-wearing , tie-dyed t-shirt glory in those days . 
 singing and smoking and drinking through seven desert states . 
 stacey 's sense of humor had kept me sane . 
 now she 'll be having christmas morning without me . 
 that 's never happened before , not in the whole of our lives . 
 i believe in reconciliation for daniel and bobby , but what about for me and stacey ? 
 `` why are you crying ? '' 
 i wipe my eyes and shrug . 
 how can i possibly fold all that longing into something as small as words ? 
 we pause for a moment , taking strength from each other , then we get to work . 
 i decide to let him choose and place all the ornaments and lights . 
 it 's his tree , after all ; my job is encouragement and understanding . 
 he goes to the box . 
 choosing takes a long time . 
 finally , he reaches down and finds an ornament . 
 it is an intricately painted globe that reflects the rainforest . 
 he shows it to me . 
 `` my mommy made this one . '' 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 he puts the ornament on the tree , then returns to the box . 
 for the next hour he moves in a ceaseless , circular pattern , from the box to the tree and back again . 
 at each ornament , he says something , gives me some piece of himself . 
 finally , he comes to the last ornament in the box . 
 `` this was her favorite . 
 i made it in day care . '' 
 he hands it to me . 
 i take it gently , mindful of the fragility of both its structure and sentiment . 
 it is a macaroni and ribbon frame , painted silver . 
 inside is a photograph of bobby and a beautiful dark-haired woman with sad eyes . 
 `` that 's her , '' he says . 
 below the picture someone has written : bobby and maggie/2001 . 
 `` she 's lovely , '' i say because there 's nothing else . 
 i wish he 'd turn to me , let me hug him , but he stands stiffly beside me . 
 pushing the hair from his eyes , i let my hand linger on his warm cheek . 
 `` it 'll get better , bobby . 
 i promise . '' 
 he nods , sniffs . 
 i know he 's heard those words before and does n't believe them . 
 `` she drove into a tree at night , '' he says . 
 `` it was raining . 
 the day after halloween . '' 
 so recently . 
 no wonder he and daniel are so wounded . 
 i wish i had something to say that would comfort him , but i 've lost a parent . 
 i know that only time will help him . 
 `` i did n't say good-bye , '' he says . 
 `` i was mad 'cause she made me turn off x-men . '' 
 my heart twists at that . 
 regret , i know , is a powerful remainder ; it can bring the strongest man to his knees . 
 one small boy is no match for it at all . 
 no wonder he `` sees '' his mom . 
 he looks at me through watery eyes . 
 tears spike his lashes . 
 the ugly purple bruise reminds me how broken he is on the inside . 
 `` i told her i hated her . '' 
 `` she knows you were just mad . '' 
 `` you wo n't leave me , will you ? '' 
 he asks quietly . 
 for the first time i glimpse the danger i 've walked in to . 
 i 'm a woman running away from trouble ; that 's hardly what this boy needs . 
 the silence between us seems to thicken ; in it , i hear the distant sound of water slapping against the dock and the clock ticking . 
 i can hear bobby 's sigh , too , as quiet as a bedtime kiss . 
 `` i 'm here for you now , '' i say at last . 
 he hears the word that matters : now . 
 `` bobby ... '' `` i get it . 
 people leave . '' 
 he turns away from me and stares at the christmas tree . 
 for both of us , i think , some of today 's shine has been tarnished now . 
 people leave . 
 at eight , he already knows this sad truth . 
 the christmas tree takes up the entire corner of the lobby , between the fireplace and the windows . 
 dozens of ornaments adorn the scrawny limbs ; there are so many the tree looks full and lush , even though they are oddly placed . 
 it is , in every way , a tree decorated by a young boy . 
 on the rough-hewn wooden mantel is a thick layer of white felt covered with glitter . 
 dozens of miniature houses and storefronts dot the `` snow . '' 
 tiny street lamps and horse-drawn carriages and velvet-clad carolers line the imaginary streets . 
 bobby 's favorite christmas album-the charlie brown soundtrack-is playing on the stereo . 
 music floats through the speakers and drifts down the hallway . 
 he looks toward the window . 
 `` is he coming ? '' 
 it is the fifth time he 's asked me this question in five minutes . 
 we are both nervous . 
 an hour ago , it seemed like a good idea to decorate the house . 
 now , i 'm not so sure . 
 it seems ... arrogant on my part , like the actions of a flighty relative who means to help and causes harm . 
 last night , as i lay in my bed , spinning dreams of today to fight the nightmares of my real life , i imagined daniel happy with my choice . 
 now i see the naivete of that . 
 he will be angry ; i 'm more and more certain of it . 
 he wo n't want to be reminded of the past , or of his own carelessness with his son 's holiday . 
 he 'll see me as an interloper , a problem-causer . 
 bobby sits on the hearth , then stands . 
 he goes to the window again . 
 `` how long has it been ? '' 
 `` about thirty seconds . '' 
 `` d'you think he 'll be mad ? '' 
 `` no , '' i say after too long a pause to be credible . 
 both of us hear my uncertainty . 
 bobby , who has been talking to a ghost for two months , seems attuned to the tiniest nuance of sound . 
 `` he used to love christmas . 
 he said it was the best day of the year . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` then mommy and me moved out here and they got divorced . '' 
 he goes to the window , stares out . 
 i can see his watery reflection in the window . 
 `` he kept telling mommy he was gon na visit me but he never did . '' 
 i have no idea what to say to that . 
 i remember the day my own father left . 
 i was just about bobby 's age , and i spent more than a decade waiting for a reunion that never came . 
 my mom tried to ease my hurt with reassurances , but words fall short when you 're listening for a knock at the door . 
 bobby knows about silence , how it leaves a mark on you . 
 then again , i know about divorce , too . 
 it 's possible that bobby does n't have the whole story . 
 it 's never one person 's fault . 
 the thought shocks me . 
 it 's the first time i 've admitted it to myself . 
 `` the thing is , '' i say slowly , `` he 's here now . 
 maybe you should give him a chance . '' 
 bobby does n't answer . 
 outside , a bright sun pushes through the clouds . 
 the lake looks like a sheet of fiery glass . 
 `` here he comes ! '' 
 bobby runs to me , stands close . 
 the door opens . 
 daniel walks into the lodge . 
 he 's wearing a pair of insulated coveralls , unzipped to the waist . 
 dirty gloves hang from his back pocket . 
 his black hair is a messy , curly mass ; his green eyes look tired . 
 `` hey , there , '' he says to us without smiling . 
 he 's halfway to the registration desk when he stops and turns toward the tree . 
 `` what have you done , boyo ? '' 
 i feel myself tensing up . 
 it would be so easy for him to say the wrong thing now ... `` we done it . 
 joy and me . '' 
 `` joy ? 
 our house is her business now , is it ? '' 
 he says quietly as he walks over to the tree . 
 bobby glances worriedly at me . 
 we should n't have done it-i should n't have done it . 
 that truth is bright and shiny now . 
 i know nothing about them , not really . 
 sometimes memories hurt too much to be put on display . 
 i am the grown-up here , the one who should have known better . 
 i have to soften it for bobby . 
 `` daniel , '' i say , taking a step forward . 
 `` surely ... '' `` you used all her favorite ornaments , '' daniel says , slowly touching a white angel ornament . 
 `` you bought her that one , '' bobby says . 
 `` remember ? 
 at the farmer 's market by nana and papa 's house . '' 
 slowly , daniel turns to face us . 
 he looks still and stiff , like a man chiseled from granite . 
 i wonder how he can bear it , the distance from his son . 
 `` where 's the star ? '' 
 he asks at last . 
 bobby glances at me . 
 `` it 's on the table . 
 we could n't reach the top . '' 
 daniel reaches down for the hammered tin star on the table . 
 he is about to place it on the top of the tree ; then he stops and turns to bobby . 
 `` maybe you and i can do it together ? '' 
 i hear the uncertainty in daniel 's voice , the fear that his son wo n't comply , and it reminds me how fragile we all are , how easily we can wound one another , especially when love is involved . 
 stacey . 
 i close my eyes for just a second , awash in regret . 
 when i open my eyes , bobby is moving toward his father . 
 the sight of them coming together makes me smile . 
 daniel scoops bobby into his arms and stands up . 
 daniel hands his son the star , and bobby puts it on the tree . 
 they step back , admiring their work . 
 `` it 's grand , '' daniel says . 
 i hear a thickness in his voice . 
 `` tell joy , dad . 
 it was her idea . '' 
 `` i 'm sure she knows i appreciate it . '' 
 `` no . 
 tell her . 
 she 's right there . '' 
 slowly , they turn to face me . 
 when daniel looks at me , there 's no mistaking the sheen in his green eyes . 
 i can tell that he is a man who loves his son fiercely , maybe more than he knows how to bear . 
 in that moment i forgive all his rudeness . 
 lord knows i understand how grief and love can break you . 
 `` thank you , joy . '' 
 `` you could talk to her , daddy . 
 she 's nice . '' 
 `` i 've not talked to women well in a long time . 
 it does n't come so easily anymore . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' i say , feeling oddly connected to him . 
 we are survivors of divorce , both of us ; victims of a common war . 
 though i 've been divorced for months , i hardly feel single . 
 i feel ... halved , or broken perhaps , and daniel is right : conversation no longer comes as easily as it once did . 
 that 's all it takes-the word , divorce-and i 'm plunged back into reality . 
 suddenly i 'm thinking of stacey and thom , of who we all used to be , then i 'm thinking of the tree strapped to my volvo , dying in the blackness of long-term parking . 
 `` joy , are you okay ? '' 
 bobby 's voice pulls me back . 
 i smile at him , hoping it looks real . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` of course she 's okay , '' daniel says , `` it 's christmastime . 
 and now , as much as i 'd love to chat with you and joy , it 's time for your doctor 's appointment . '' 
 `` aw , nuts , '' bobby whines . 
 `` i do n't wan na go . '' 
 `` i know , boyo . '' 
 `` can joy come ? 
 please ? '' 
 he pleads , looking from his father to me . 
 `` i 'm scared . '' 
 `` but i 'll be with you , bobby , '' he says . 
 `` i need joy . '' 
 i see how hurt daniel is by that . 
 `` i do n't think it 's a good idea , '' i say , studying daniel 's profile . 
 `` pleeease , joy ? '' 
 bobby whines . 
 tears glaze his eyes . 
 i ca n't disappoint him . 
 `` okay , but i 'll stay in the waiting room . '' 
 bobby wiggles out of his dad 's arms and slides to the floor . 
 `` i got ta get freddy . '' 
 as bobby runs up the stairs , i stand there , staring at daniel , who is looking now at the christmas tree with an unvarnished sadness . 
 i can see how much it has wounded him , this decorating of ours , and perhaps , his absence from it . 
 i should say something , do something , but any word from me will be an intrusion . 
 and then my chance is gone . 
 daniel is moving past me , going up the stairs . 
 fifteen minutes later , he is back in the lobby , dressed in worn jeans and a forest green sweater . 
 we leave the lodge and head for the truck . 
 bobby opens the door and climbs up into the cab , settling into the middle section of the bench seat . 
 he is clutching a battered , well-loved stuffed lamb . 
 i slide into place beside him . 
 daniel shuts the door and goes around to the driver 's side . 
 the drive to town takes no time at all , but even in the mile and a half or so between there and here , i am blown away by the beauty of this place . 
 giant evergreen trees grow everywhere-along the roadsides , in great , dark forests that block the path to the snow-covered mountains in the distance . 
 `` it 's beautiful out here , '' i say , seeing the ghostly image of my own face in the window glass ; behind it , all around me , are the green and black blur of the trees we pass . 
 the town is exactly as i remember it : a few blocks of quaint storefronts , draped in holiday garb . 
 traffic is stopped here by signs and pedestrians ; there are no traffic lights . 
 on this bright blue afternoon the sidewalks are busy . 
 everywhere i look , pods of people are gathered to talk . 
 it looks like a hallmark card until we turn a corner . 
 here , the street is overrun with people and vans . 
 `` damn it , '' daniel says , slamming on the brakes . 
 `` this is getting old . '' 
 i am just about to ask what 's going on when i see the letters painted on the side of the van beside me . 
 king tv . 
 it 's the media . 
 the crash . 
 of course . 
 i turn my face away from the window instinctively . 
 i know they are n't looking for me-can ' t be-but , it 's better to be safe than sorry . 
 still , i catch a glimpse of the police station and the crowd clamoring at the door . 
 daniel turns onto another road and we are in the clear . 
 he maneuvers the old truck into a parking spot and kills the engine , which slowly sputters and dies . 
 in the silence that follows , bobby looks up at his dad . 
 `` how come i got ta see the doctor again ? '' 
 daniel unhooks bobby 's seat belt . 
 `` you 've had some hard knocks , boyo . 
 anyone would be sad after losing their mum . '' 
 bobby sighs and crosses his arms . 
 there 's a wealth of emotion in the sound . 
 `` but not everyone talks to her ghost . '' 
 daniel sighs . 
 `` i 'm tryin ' to help , bobby . '' 
 `` it would help if you believed me , '' bobby says . 
 slithering out of the cab , he runs on ahead . 
 i walk across the parking lot with daniel . 
 we are so close our arms are nearly touching , but neither of us pulls away . 
 for a moment , as we enter the building , i imagine we 're a family , the three of us , here for bobby 's regular checkup . 
 if it were true , i 'd follow them down the hallway and turn into the doctor 's office . 
 i 'd answer all the doctor 's questions about my son 's health . 
 no doubt the three of us would go for ice-cream cones when it was over . 
 instead , i go to the waiting room and sit down , alone . 
 at some point , while i 'm staring out the window at a rhododendron the size of a luxury car , a nurse comes up to me . 
 she puts a hand on my shoulder and peers down at me . 
 the touch startles me . 
 i had n't even heard her approach . 
 `` how are we today ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i frown . 
 had i fallen asleep ? 
 had some kind of nightmare ? 
 i do n't think so . 
 i was staring out the window , thinking about the big green leaves on the rhododendron ; that 's all . 
 i open my mouth to say `` i 'm fine , thanks , '' but what comes out is , `` i 'm alone . '' 
 the nurse with the plump , apple cheeks smiles sadly . 
 `` you 're not alone . '' 
 it makes me feel better , that assurance , but when she leaves , i am alone again . 
 waiting . 
 for the first time since i ran away from bakersfield and the crash , i wonder what it is i 'm waiting for . 
 a fter the doctor 's appointment , as we 're heading across the parking lot , daniel says , `` i could go for some ice cream right about now . 
 how about you ? '' 
 `` yippee ! '' 
 bobby squeals , bouncing with each step . 
 `` ice cream sounds good , '' i say , trying not to smile . 
 it is the first time i 've felt welcomed by daniel , included . 
 beyond the parking lot is a lovely tree-lined street with small , well-tended houses on either side . 
 the yards are full of color , even on this chilly december day-bright green grass , yellow bushes , blue-green kale in terra cotta pots . 
 ornamental cherry trees line the sidewalk , and though the limbs are bare now , it 's easy to imagine them awash in pink blossoms . 
 come spring , this street must look like a parade route with the air full of floating pink confetti . 
 as we reach the corner , we merge into the crowd out christmas shopping on this sunny day . 
 all around us , people are talking to one another . 
 every person we pass calls out a greeting to daniel and bobby . 
 we duck into a cute little ice-cream shop that proudly offers seven flavors . 
 behind the counter , a television is playing . 
 on it , jimmy stewart is running down the snowy streets of bedford falls . 
 the girl serving ice cream-a pretty teenager with a pierced nose and jet black hair-smiles at us . 
 `` hey , bobby . 
 you want your regular ? '' 
 bobby grins . 
 `` you bet . 
 double scoop . '' 
 the girl looks at daniel . 
 her blush and stammer reminds me how good-looking he is . 
 even a teenage girl notices . 
 `` i 'll have a pralines and cream , '' he says in that velvet brogue that makes the girl smile . 
 i am just about to order a single scoop of cookie dough ice cream on a sugar cone when a picture of a crashed plane fills the television . 
 on-screen , a local broadcaster is standing in front of the charred wreckage , saying , '' ... plane crashed in the woods northeast of here . 
 survivors have been airlifted to several local hospitals for treatment . 
 authorities are in the process of identifying survivors and contacting family members . 
 all of the named passengers on the manifest have been accounted for . '' 
 thank god . 
 everyone survived . 
 `` however , witnesses report that an unidentified woman bought a last-minute ticket on the flight ... '' panic seizes hold of me . 
 they 're trying to find me . 
 without thinking , i mumble , `` excuse me , '' and push past daniel and bobby . 
 i ca n't get out of here fast enough . 
 outside , i collapse onto a park bench and lean back . 
 my heart is beating a mile a minute . 
 i look up just in time to see daniel and bobby come out of the ice-cream shop . 
 both are frowning . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 bobby asks me . 
 i can see it in his eyes , the fear and worry . 
 he is a boy who knows how life can turn on a dime , how people can be there one day and gone the next . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i say , but i 'm not . 
 i 'm not even in fine 's neighborhood . 
 they 're searching for me . 
 what do i do now ? 
 how much longer do i have in anonymity ? 
 my purse . 
 they could find my purse . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 daniel asks , looking down at us . 
 i 'm panicked and shaky . 
 i want to say i ca n't go back , but the words would make no sense to him . 
 when i look up , i catch daniel 's gaze and lose my place . 
 something about the way he 's looking at me makes my heart speed up . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 he asks . 
 his concern touches a place deep inside me . 
 i have been alone-lonely-for too long . 
 apparently the slimmest strand of caring surprises me . 
 i am stunned by how much i suddenly want to stay here . 
 and yet , now i know that the clock is ticking . 
 once they discover my name , i will have to return home . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 really . '' 
 i get to my feet , feeling unsteady . 
 bobby sidles up close to me . 
 together , the three of us walk down the crowded street . 
 the decorated windows catch my attention , give me something to think about beside the news story . 
 occasionally , we go into stores , and when we do , we are welcomed . 
 people look at us and smile and wish us a merry christmas . 
 dozens of knickknacks and souvenirs tempt me ; an ornament made of mount st. helens ' ash , a wind chime made of copper and shells , a t-shirt that reads : `` wet and wild in the rainforest , '' but i do n't have any money with me . 
 i make a mental note to come back to some of these shops on my way out of town . 
 i 'll want to add plenty of brochures and flyers and maps to my file cabinets back home . 
 back home . 
 i push the thought aside and focus on enjoying the day . 
 we stroll pass a diner with a christmas painting on the window , then a frame shop . 
 bobby stops dead . 
 i glance down at him . 
 `` bobby ? '' 
 he 's staring at the building to our right . 
 it 's a gorgeous stone church with stained glass windows , a big oak door , and a nativity scene in the yard . 
 daniel looks down at his son . 
 `` we could go in and light a candle for your mum . '' 
 bobby shakes his head , juts out his chin in a telling way . 
 he is n't going to move . 
 `` maybe christmas eve , '' daniel says gently , taking hold of his son 's hand . 
 for the next half hour , we window-shop on main street , and then daniel buys a bucket of fried chicken and we sit at a picnic table in the park to eat . 
 bobby sets out a paper plate , napkins , and a fork for me , but to be honest , i 'm not hungry . 
 the news story has ruined my appetite . 
 apparently i 'm not the only one who has been upset by our little trip to town . 
 `` so , bobby , '' daniel finally says , snapping open a coke . 
 `` you want to talk about it ? '' 
 bobby stares down at his plate . 
 `` talk about what ? '' 
 `` you being mad at god . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 daniel studies his son . 
 in that one look , i see a world of emotion ; a man who knows how to love . 
 `` i 'd take you , you know . '' 
 bobby looks up at his dad , then at me . 
 `` i need joy . '' 
 `` we all could go to church , '' i say quickly , but it 's too late . 
 the damage has been done . 
 bobby has chosen me over his father again . 
 i have to do something fast to change the mood . 
 somehow , i have to get these two to remember who they are to each other and what they have left . 
 sometimes that 's all that matters : what remains . 
 `` tell me about the time you and your dad went to the carnival . '' 
 `` the time he le-let me keep the change ? '' 
 bobby asks . 
 i nod . 
 `` that time . '' 
 bobby glances at his dad . 
 `` you remember that , daddy ? 
 when we went to the carnival ? '' 
 that 's all it takes-a word from bobby-and daniel 's face changes . 
 his smile takes my breath away . 
 `` aye . 
 at the county fair , it was . 
 i 'm surprised you remember that . '' 
 `` you carried me on your shoulders . '' 
 `` you spilled juice in my hair . '' 
 bobby giggles at that . 
 `` mommy said you looked like an alien with purple on your face . '' 
 daniel 's gaze is as soft as velvet , yet it hits me hard . 
 i 've never seen a man who looks at his son with such unabashed love . 
 once bobby sees that , he 'll know he 's safe in this world . 
 `` you were too little to get on the bumper cars . '' 
 `` you said they were a dumb ride anyway . '' 
 `` aye . 
 and so they were . '' 
 for the rest of the meal , they trade memories and stories . 
 by the time we head back to the truck , they are smiling at each other . 
 on the way home , we listen to the radio . 
 it 's randy travis 's whiskey-velvet voice singing `` i 'm gon na love you forever and ever . '' 
 as the words float through the cab , i find myself looking at daniel . 
 when we get back to the lodge , it 's almost seven o'clock . 
 bobby immediately runs to the television and puts a dvd in the machine . 
 he 's chosen the santa clause . 
 i start for my room . 
 `` where you going , joy ? '' 
 bobby says . 
 `` you and your dad need some time together . 
 i 'll see you to ... '' `` no . '' 
 he turns to daniel . 
 `` tell her , daddy . 
 invite her to watch the movie with us . '' 
 i draw in a breath , waiting . 
 i know he will release me and keep bobby to himself . 
 it 's not even the wrong thing to do . 
 `` please , '' daniel says softly , smiling my way . 
 `` stay with us . '' 
 it is n't until then , when i hear his velvety brogue wrap around those three small words , that i realize how much i wanted daniel to ask me to stay . 
 `` sure , '' i say , hoping i do n't sound as desperate as i feel . 
 daniel and bobby sit on the couch together . 
 i curl into the red chair , opposite them . 
 as i sit here , listening to bobby 's laughter , i consider how quiet my own house has become . 
 if i 'm to be honest-and why would i lie now ? 
 - our house was quiet long before thom left me . 
 before he started sleeping with my sister . 
 when i look back on my marriage , the truth is that it was too quiet from the beginning . 
 on that last night in bakersfield , stacey was right . 
 my marriage had been falling apart long before she came into the picture . 
 it 's a truth i can finally admit . 
 `` he 's getting fat ` cuz he 's santa ! '' 
 bobby yells , bouncing in his seat . 
 his happiness is infectious ; in no time , daniel and i are laughing with him . 
 when the movie is over and daniel says , `` time for bed , boyo , '' and bobby grumbles and whines that he 's not tired-even though he ca n't keep his eyes open-i am sorry to see the evening end , sorry to face the prospect of going back to my room . 
 daniel picks bobby up and carries him toward the stairs . '' 
 ` night , joy , '' bobby calls out sleepily . 
 `` see you in the morning . '' 
 `` good night , bobby . '' 
 i mean to get up and go to my room . 
 i really do , but somehow i do n't move . 
 i sit there , curled like a cat in the chair , staring at the fire . 
 the family photographs on the mantel seize my attention . 
 i go to the mantel , pick up the pictures , and pour over them like an archeologist looking for clues from the artifacts of a life . 
 who was maggie ? 
 why did their marriage end ? 
 later , when i hear daniel 's footsteps on the stairs , i realize i 've been waiting for him . 
 he comes into the room , stands in front of the fire . 
 in the combination of orange light and dark shadows , he looks drawn and tired . 
 we are close enough that a movement either way and we 'd be touching . 
 `` i promised bobby i 'd come back down . 
 i 'm supposed to talk to you , do n't you know ? '' 
 `` i 'm glad , '' i dare to answer . 
 `` i 'm not much of a talker these days . '' 
 his voice is so soft i have to lean toward him to hear . 
 `` the funny thing is , i used to be a real loudmouth , back in the pubs in dublin , when i was a lad . 
 i could talk till i was blue in the face and falling-down drunk . '' 
 `` it 's funny how things slip away , pieces of us , even . '' 
 daniel sighs . 
 nodding , he reaches for the single photograph left on the mantel , tucked now behind the christmas village , and holds it close . 
 it 's a picture of maggie , looking young and vibrant and beautiful . 
 i have no idea what to say or do . 
 he looks so raw right now , so utterly broken , that i 'm afraid to speak . 
 he puts the photograph back and sits down on the hearth . 
 `` so , joy . '' 
 he makes a sound that 's almost a laugh . 
 `` maybe you could help me , too . 
 it seems i was a bad father and a worse husband . 
 i did n't even think about putting up a christmas tree . 
 all i thought about was getting bobby out of this place where the memories are so bad . '' 
 `` moving wo n't put his heart back together . '' 
 this is a truth i know ; i learned it firsthand . 
 i sit in the chair opposite him and lean forward . 
 in a daring that 's completely foreign to me , i touch his thigh . 
 `` he needs you for that . '' 
 a frown darts across his forehead . 
 `` what the hell ... '' i draw back , instantly contrite . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he gets to his feet . 
 `` the doc said i should talk to you , for bobby , but ... '' i get up and go to him , unable to stop myself . 
 we 're close now , almost face to face . 
 i feel the softness of his breathing , smell the hint of wood smoke scent that clings to his t-shirt . 
 `` daniel ? '' 
 `` i feel like a bloody fool . 
 how in the hell am i supposed to talk to you ? '' 
 i step back . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have ... '' what ? 
 touched him ? 
 said anything ? 
 come here in the first place ? 
 i have no idea what to say to him , what i did that was so wrong . 
 he turns away from me and goes to the fireplace . 
 when he 's put out the fire , he goes about the business of closing up the lobby for the night , locking the doors and drawing the curtains shut , until the lobby is jet black . 
 he disappears down the hallway , then returns . 
 i wait for him to look at me , and try to figure out what i 'll say when he does . 
 how i 'll explain being an idiot for a second , a woman caught and blinded by her own needs . 
 i try to make out his face in the dark . 
 is he smiling ? 
 frowning ? 
 i ca n't tell . 
 when everything is dark and quiet he goes toward the stairs . 
 i can hear his hushed footsteps on the carpet and the cadence of his breathing . 
 i wait for him to pause on the stairs , to say something , but in this i am disappointed . 
 he makes his way up the stairs ; later , i hear a door open and close , and then i am left alone , standing by the fire , staring at the photographs of another woman 's family . 
 * * * the plane is going down . 
 `` it 's burning ... do n't touch ... '' `` run ! '' 
 too late . 
 i 'm in the air , tumbling , screaming ... we 're going down ... i wake up , screaming in the dark of my room . 
 my chest is crushed , my face smashed . 
 i ca n't make my legs move . 
 i 'm paralyzed . 
 no . 
 i 'm dreaming . 
 i touch my chest , press the skin until i can feel my heart beating . 
 it 's fast but steady . 
 `` you 're fine . '' 
 the sound of my voice calms me , coming as it does from the darkness of my room . 
 on shaking , weak legs , i walk to the window , push it open . 
 the pine-scented air caresses my cheeks , grounds me instantly . 
 i 'm here . 
 alive . 
 tiny raindrops flutter on my face and the windowsill , cooling my skin . 
 gradually , i feel myself calming down . 
 the images fade , slink back into my subconscious . 
 i stand there , watching the shiny combination of rain and moonlight until my hands stop shaking and i can breathe evenly again . 
 i hear footsteps upstairs , pacing . 
 someone else ca n't sleep . 
 daniel . 
 i wish i could go to him , say simply , `` i ca n't sleep , either . '' 
 instead , i turn away from the window and return to my thin , empty bed . 
 * * * mist , as translucent and flimsy as a layer of silk organza , floats across my window , blurring the forest beyond . 
 everything is obscured by the haze ; two-hundred-foot trees appear strangely fragile . 
 even time seems elastic ; the days and nights are passing with near impossible speed . 
 i know that it is because i want time to slow down that it is speeding up . 
 this morning , as i stand at my window and look across the yard , i see shadows moving in and out among the trees . 
 it does n't surprise me that bobby sees his mother in all this softness . 
 there is an otherworldliness to the forest here . 
 i also know how easy it is to see what you want to see . 
 for almost the entire year before thom betrayed and left me , i knew he was unhappy . 
 i was unhappy . 
 but we did what people do-we closed our eyes and thought it meant we did n't see . 
 i knew he was talking to stacey about our troubles . 
 if i 'd looked instead of merely seen , i would n't have been so surprised by how it ended . 
 this is my resolution for the new year . 
 i will be honest with myself . 
 i 'll keep my eyes open . 
 i 'll see what 's there , not just what i want to see . 
 after my shower , i redress in my old clothes and get my camera . 
 the lobby is quiet , steeped in tea-colored shadows . 
 i walk past the cold dark fireplace . 
 daniel 's truck is gone . 
 no wonder the place is so quiet . 
 peaceful . 
 that 's what the quiet is here . 
 unlike in my home , where for the last year the silence has been like the indrawn breath before a scream . 
 the quiet and the mist draw me outside . 
 i stand in the yard and stare at the silvery lake beyond . 
 through the haze , the dock looks almost translucent , a charcoal line against the gray-tipped waves . 
 i need a photograph of this . 
 maybe several . 
 i lift the camera to my face and work to put a blurry world into focus . 
 it 's not until i 've taken several shots that i realize how cold i am . 
 disappointed , i return to the warmth of the house . 
 but i feel the need to walk in that pearlescent mist . 
 i could borrow a coat . 
 why not ? 
 i checked myself in ; i eat their food . 
 i 'm certainly making myself at home . 
 besides , they 're gone . 
 i 'm sure neither would begrudge me the use of a jacket for an hour or two . 
 it takes some searching , but i finally find a coat closet near the back door . 
 in it is a jumble of coats and sweaters and yellow slickers . 
 i pull out a bulky , beautifully knit aqua-blue fisherman 's sweater and slip it on . 
 it 's huge on me , but warm . 
 for the rest of the day , i explore this magnificent corner of paradise and take seventeen photographs-of the sunlight on the lake , of a swan taking flight , of a spiderweb turned into a necklace by dew drops . 
 by mid-afternoon , i have begun to imagine how i will frame these prints and display them . 
 in my living room , i think , above the sofa . 
 every day of my real life , i will look up and remember this adventure . 
 finally , at around two o'clock , hunger sends me back inside . 
 i am just finishing a sandwich when i hear the truck drive up . 
 quickly i clean up my mess and run to the living room to greet them . 
 it 's silly , i know , perhaps even stupid , but i do n't care . 
 i 've missed them today . 
 bobby rushes in . 
 `` joy ! '' 
 i love the way he says my name ; it 's as if he 's been missing me all day . 
 `` hey , bobby , '' i say , looking behind him for daniel , who comes in a moment later , looking so handsome that i catch my breath . 
 bobby runs at me . 
 `` it 's beach night . '' 
 `` we need to leave in about fifteen minutes , '' daniel says . 
 `` so you 'd best hurry up . '' 
 he is looking at me . 
 a shiver runs up my spine . 
 `` i 'm invited ? '' 
 bobby giggles . '' 
 ` course . '' 
 `` get a coat , '' daniel says to both of us . 
 `` it 's cold out there . '' 
 i decide to move fast , just in case daniel wants to change his mind . 
 feeling like a girl on her first date , i run back to my room and retrieve the big cable knit sweater . 
 it 's certain to be warm enough . 
 in two minutes , i 'm back in the lobby with bobby . 
 `` did you brush your teeth ? '' 
 daniel asks his son . 
 we both answer , `` yes , '' at the same time . 
 at the sound of our laughter , daniel smiles , and i am blown away by the sight of it . 
 it takes ten years off his face and gives me a glimpse of the hell-raiser of the dublin pubs . 
 `` come on , then . '' 
 he slings a backpack over his shoulder and leaves the house . 
 bobby and i follow along behind him , still laughing . 
 it is the freest i 've felt in years , and i wonder what it is about this place and these people . 
 here , with them , i become so easily the younger version of myself , the me i always imagined growing into . 
 i 'm more like my mother-free , loving , easygoing . 
 in the dry , dusty town of bakersfield i 'd been a flower slowly dying ; in the moisture and mist of this green cathedral , i can feel myself blossoming . 
 in the truck , we turn up the radio and sing along to bruce springsteen . 
 `` baby , i was born to run '' are suddenly the most meaningful words i 've ever sung . 
 by the time the song is finished , we are on an old , winding , two-lane highway . 
 for miles , we are surrounded by trees , then we come to the harvested part of this great forest . 
 acres of shorn land lie on either side of the road . 
 all that 's left are tiny new plantings and signs that talk of reforestation and regeneration . 
 `` it 's sad , '' i say . 
 `` as if new trees are no different than old ones . '' 
 bobby tilts his face to look at me . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` you live in one of the few old growth forests left on the planet . 
 cutting down trees that have lived for two hundred years is a crime . '' 
 `` will they go to jail ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` who ? '' 
 daniel says , hitting his turn signal and easing to a stop . 
 `` the loggers who cut down the old trees . '' 
 `` oh . 
 no , '' daniel answers , frowning as he turns onto another road . 
 `` it 's not literally a crime , '' i say . 
 `` it 's just sad . '' 
 `` when i 'm big , i 'm gon na protect the old trees , '' bobby says , nodding as if it 's a stern , implacable decision . 
 `` what started this conversation ? '' 
 daniel asks . 
 i 'm about to answer when we turn a corner and park . 
 there it is , in front of us : the pacific ocean . 
 the huge , roaring expanse of blue water and gray sky is nothing like my familiar southern california coastline , with its powdery sand and rolling surf and volleyball nets placed every one hundred yards or so . 
 here , the beach is as wild as the forest , as primitive , too . 
 waves crash onto the shore , sounding like a lion 's roar , even from the distance of our car . 
 `` wow , '' i say , sitting back . 
 `` dad 's never done beach night before either , '' bobby says . 
 `` mommy and me did it every tuesday night , after t-ball . '' 
 `` i 'm glad to be here , '' daniel says . 
 i ca n't tell if it 's wistfulness in his voice or regret , or if he 's missing his ex-wife . 
 `` how about your joy ? 
 is she a beach gal ? '' 
 bobby turns to me . 
 `` well ? '' 
 `` i love the beach , '' i answer , looking at daniel 's profile . 
 `` i knew it , '' bobby says , bouncing in his seat . 
 `` she loves the beach . '' 
 i feel lit up inside . 
 i do n't know how else to put it . 
 daniel grabs his backpack and helps bobby out of the car . 
 the boy immediately runs on ahead , across the sand . 
 `` not too close to the water , boyo , '' daniel calls out . 
 i slip into place beside him . 
 the beach is beautiful . 
 a full , fiery sun hangs in the teal blue sky . 
 golden streamers light the waves . 
 i have never seen so much driftwood on a beach before , and it is no ordinary collection of sticks . 
 it is a heaping , jumbled mass of silvery logs , shorn of branches and polished to white perfection . 
 many of them are more than one hundred feet in length . 
 the trees along the road have been sculpted by the wind . 
 they look like giant bonsai . 
 `` dad , my kite ! '' 
 bobby yells , running back at us . 
 `` just a second , '' daniel answers , bending down to make a fire . 
 within moments , the small circle of wood and newspaper is aflame . 
 i sit on a log by the fire , watching daniel teach his son to fly a kite . 
 by the time bobby gets it , the afternoon is fading . 
 neon orange clouds streak across a midnight blue sky . 
 `` look , dad ! 
 look , joy ! 
 i 'm flyin ' it ! '' 
 `` that you are . 
 run faster , '' daniel says , laughing as he sits down beside me . 
 he 's so close i can feel the warmth of him beside me . 
 `` i wish i 'd brought my camera , '' i say . 
 bobby runs toward us , dragging the kite behind him . 
 it flaps against the heavy sand . 
 `` didja see me ? '' 
 `` i did , '' i say . 
 `` it 's the best kite flying i 've ever seen . '' 
 his smile is so bright it lights his dark eyes . 
 he flops to sit on the sand beside us . 
 gradually , though , his smile fades . 
 silence falls , broken only by the crackling of the fire and the whooshing of the waves . 
 `` have you got something on your mind , boyo ? '' 
 daniel asks . 
 bobby kicks at the sand before he finally looks up . 
 `` how will we have beach night in boston ? '' 
 `` ah . 
 so that 's what you 're thinking about . 
 moving . '' 
 bobby glances quickly at me . 
 i nod encouragingly . 
 he takes a deep breath and says : `` i want to stay here , dad . '' 
 `` i know you do , bobby . '' 
 `` you were the one who picked it . '' 
 `` aye . 
 things were different then . '' 
 at that , the reminder of how their lives have changed , they fall silent . 
 after a long pause , bobby says , `` tell joy how you found this place . '' 
 daniel 's sigh threads the night , falls toward me . 
 i 'm pretty certain it 's a story he does n't want to tell . 
 he leans forward , rests his elbows on his thighs . 
 shadows and firelight mark his face . 
 `` we were livin ' in boston , in a house not two doors down from nana and papa . 
 your mom managed the makeup counter at macy 's and i spent my days-and too many nights-on the thirtieth floor of the beekman building . 
 i used to dream of towering trees and lakes that were full of fish . 
 mostly i dreamed of us being together all the time , instead of all going our separate ways . 
 one day i read about this summer house for sale in washington state . 
 it was a bed and breakfast that had gone bankrupt . '' 
 `` and we bought it . 
 just like that , '' bobby says , `` without seeing it even . '' 
 `` aye , '' daniel says , and this time i 'm sure it 's wistfulness i hear in his voice . 
 `` we had our dreams , did n't we ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 in the silence that follows , i know they 're thinking about how far apart they are . 
 all i can see is how close they 've become . 
 it will only take the merest move by either one of them to find the middle ground . 
 i twist around to face daniel . 
 we are so close now . 
 i can see the tiny grains of sand and bits of ash that cling to his skin and hair . 
 his green eyes look at me with an unnerving intensity . 
 behind me , i know bobby is watching us . 
 `` i can see why you fell in love with this place . 
 it 's magical . '' 
 `` that 's what mommy always said . '' 
 i can hear the sadness in bobby 's voice . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asks suddenly . 
 `` why do we have to move ? '' 
 daniel looks down at his hands , as if he 'll find the answer in his flesh and bone . 
 `` i want the best for you , bobby . '' 
 `` this is the best . '' 
 daniel looks at his son . 
 `` how am i supposed to run this place all by myself ? 
 i do n't know anything about fishin ' or such . '' 
 this is a question i can answer . 
 `` there are dozens of books that can teach you . 
 i 've read a lot of them . 
 if you take me to the local library , i 'll help you find them . '' 
 `` mommy tole me you were smart , '' bobby says accusingly . 
 daniel smiles at that . 
 `` i like to think so . '' 
 `` then learn , '' bobby says . 
 `` i 'll tell you what , '' daniel says finally . 
 `` i 'll think about staying if you 'll think about leaving . '' 
 they look at each other , father and son , and in the fading sunlight and firelight , i am struck by how alike they are . 
 `` okay , '' bobby says solemnly . 
 `` okay , '' daniel agrees . 
 `` now , how about some hot dogs and marshmallows before the sun leaves us for good ? '' 
 for the next hour , as the sun slowly drops from the sky and the stars creep into the night , we roast hot dogs and make smores and walk along the darkened waterline . 
 i am too full from my late lunch to eat anything , but a lack of appetite does n't keep me from enjoying the fire . 
 a battery-operated radio , perched on a log behind the fire , cranks out one pretty song after another . 
 often , we sing along . 
 daniel 's voice is pure and true and sometimes renders me voiceless . 
 we are packed up and ready to leave when a beautiful rendition of `` the way you look tonight '' starts . 
 by the way daniel sings along , the harshness of his voice , i know the song means something to him . 
 `` you used to sing this song , '' bobby says . 
 `` aye . '' 
 `` dance with joy . '' 
 i catch my breath , surprised . 
 `` i do n't think so , '' daniel says , careful not to look at me . 
 `` pleeease , '' bobby says , looking at us . 
 `` for me ? '' 
 i am in the darkness just beyond the dying fire 's glow . 
 daniel is across from me . 
 his face is all shadows and orange light . 
 i ca n't see his eyes , but i know he 's not smiling . 
 `` she 's right there , daddy , '' bobby says , pointing at me . 
 i know it 's not dark enough here to cloak me . 
 i start to say , `` no , that 's okay , '' but my words grind to a halt . 
 daniel is moving toward me , his hand outstretched . 
 i take his hand and move into the circle of his arms . 
 the warmth of his touch makes me sigh ; it is a sound i try to take back . 
 in this darkness , it is too loud , too breathy . 
 we move together awkwardly ; i wonder if it has been as long for him as it has for me . 
 `` i was never much of a dancer , '' i say by way of explanation . 
 this is an understatement . 
 thom flat out refused to dance . 
 i can feel daniel 's gaze on me . 
 `` i ca n't see your feet , but i 'll wager i 'm steppin ' on 'em , '' he says with a nervous laugh . 
 i feel young in his arms , and safe . 
 we find a rhythm easily , and move together as if we 've danced for years . 
 overhead and to our right , a star tumbles through the sky in a streak of white . 
 `` make a wish , '' he whispers . 
 my answer is you , but that 's ridiculous . 
 i do n't think i could stand it if he laughed at me now , so i say , `` i want to start over . '' 
 the music ends and daniel releases me . 
 it 's all i can do not to reach for him . 
 i know i will think about this moment , his touch , all night . 
 behind us , bobby flicks off the radio , plunges us all into the real world again . 
 now there is only the roar of the surf and the crackling of the fire . 
 `` i know my wish , dad . 
 what 's yours ? '' 
 it 's a long time before daniel answers . 
 when he does , he 's looking at me . 
 `` starting over would be nice . '' 
 i stare at daniel , unable to look away , unable to stop thinking what if ? 
 what if i could fall in love again and start my life over ? 
 what if i could belong here ? 
 `` well , let 's get going , '' he says at last . 
 `` we 've lost our light . '' 
 at that , i think : have we ? 
 have we lost our light , or have we perhaps just glimpsed it for the first time ? 
 all i know is that , when i climb into the truck with this man and his son , i 'm smiling . 
 suddenly , i know what i have been waiting for all these years , why i 've been collecting brochures and books and snapping pictures of other places . 
 i 've been wanting to start over , dreaming of it . 
 and now , finally , i know where i want to be when i begin this new part of my life . 
 all that night , as i lie in my bed , i think of daniel . 
 over and over in my mind , i replay our dancing . 
 the way he looked at me , held me , whispered , `` make a wish . '' 
 as the night rolls toward dawn , it takes on the shiny patina of myth . 
 i am just waking up when i hear a noise . 
 footsteps on the stairs . 
 daniel . 
 i can tell by the sound . 
 i throw my covers back and get out of bed . 
 a quick run into my bathroom , and i 'm dressed . 
 then , carefully , i peer out my door . 
 a light is on in the lobby . 
 i walk quietly down the carpeted hallway . 
 in the lobby , i find no one . 
 it takes me a second to notice that the door is open . 
 in the purple mist of early morning , i see him standing in the front yard . 
 this time , i do n't even think about hanging back . 
 i am starting over now ; this is my new beginning . 
 i am almost beside him when i see bobby out on the end of the dock . 
 he is talking to the air . 
 even from this distance , i can see that he is crying and yelling . 
 daniel makes a sound . 
 in this foggy morning the sound is distorted , drawn out until it sounds like a sob . 
 i lay my hand on his arm . 
 `` i 'm here , '' i say . 
 he shivers at my touch , but does n't turn to look at me . 
 `` god ... how long will this go on ? '' 
 the truth is forever and not long . 
 `` he 'll talk to her until he does n't need to anymore . '' 
 we stand there , side by side . 
 out on the dock , bobby is yelling for his mommy . 
 `` he 'll be okay , '' i say quietly . 
 `` he has a father who loves him . 
 that would have made a difference to me . 
 when my mom died , i mean . 
 all i had was my sister . '' 
 suddenly i 'm thinking about mom 's funeral and how i 'd fallen apart completely . 
 stacey was the glue that put me back together , held me together . 
 she was my strength during mom 's long illness . 
 stacey . 
 for the first time , i do n't wince at the thought of her . 
 the memory does n't hurt : rather , it takes on the ache of longing . 
 i have missed my sister ; this is one of the many truths from which i 've been running . 
 bobby hurtles toward us . 
 daniel immediately kneels . 
 `` i 'm here , boyo . '' 
 bobby skids to a stop . 
 his cheeks are wet with tears , his eyes are bloodshot . 
 `` she did n't come . 
 i yelled and yelled . '' 
 `` oh , bobby , '' daniel says , wiping his son 's tears . 
 i can see him struggling for the right words of comfort . 
 we both know that bobby needs to let go of his imaginary mother , but the letting go will hurt . 
 daniel pulls bobby into his arms and holds him tightly , whispering words in a lilting , song-like language i do n't understand . 
 bobby looks at him . 
 `` but i 'm scared . '' 
 `` of what ? '' 
 `` forgetting her , '' bobby says in a quiet , miserable way . 
 daniel closes his eyes for a moment , and in this reaction i see how hurt he is by his son 's revelation . 
 when he opens his eyes , i can see the sheen of tears . 
 `` i should have done this a long time ago , '' he says . 
 `` what ? '' 
 daniel scoops bobby into his arms and carries him into the house . 
 `` wait here , '' he says , depositing his son on the sofa . 
 he runs up the stairs . 
 bobby looks so small , sitting there on the sofa , with his glistening cheeks and missing front tooth . 
 `` did i do something wrong ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 i sit down on the hearth across from him . 
 i do n't sit beside him because i want him to hear me . 
 to listen . 
 `` tell me about her . '' 
 `` mommy ? '' 
 his voice breaks , but i can see how a smile wants to start . 
 i wonder how long he has waited for someone to ask . 
 `` she liked pink . 
 and she talked really fast . '' 
 i smile at that . 
 it reminds me of my own mom , who snorted when she laughed . 
 once , when i was little , she laughed so hard milk came out of her nose . 
 it is a memory i thought i 'd lost until just now . 
 `` my mom used to kiss my forehead to see if i had a fever . 
 i loved that . '' 
 `` my mommy used to wear butterflies in her hair when she got dressed up . '' 
 i lean forward . 
 `` you wo n't forget her , bobby . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` you 'll leave me , too , wo n't you ? 
 just like her . '' 
 the question-and the sad resignation in his voice-is hard to hear . 
 i know i should n't promise him anything-my life is in upheaval right now and the things i want may well exceed my grasp , but i ca n't just sit here and say nothing . 
 `` i have another life in california . '' 
 `` you 'll say good-bye , right ? 
 you wo n't just disappear . '' 
 my life might be mixed up , but this vow is easy to make . 
 i 'd never leave without saying good-bye . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 daniel comes down the stairs , carrying a big brown photo album and a shoebox . 
 i stand , feeling shaky on my feet . 
 this is a private moment . 
 i do n't belong here . 
 `` i should go . 
 i 've ... '' `` do n't go , '' bobby says . 
 `` tell her , daddy . 
 tell joy to stay . '' 
 `` please , joy , '' he says , pulling bobby close against him . 
 `` do n't go . '' 
 it is the way he says please that traps me ; that , and the knowledge that bobby is fragile now . 
 i cross around the makeshift coffee table and sit down next to daniel . 
 `` make room for her , dad . '' 
 daniels scoots toward his son . 
 `` i have plenty of room , '' i say . 
 bobby looks up at his dad . 
 `` joy says i 'll always remember things about mommy . 
 like the butterfly clips she wore . 
 and the way she gave me fish kisses at naptime . '' 
 `` fish kisses , '' daniel says , his voice gruff . 
 i know he 's remembering her now , too . 
 `` she always got the words wrong in the winnie-the-pooh song . '' 
 bobby 's voice is stronger now , less uncertain . 
 `` her nighttime prayers went on forever , '' daniel says , smiling now . 
 `` she blessed everyone she 'd ever met . '' 
 he looks down at bobby . 
 `` and she loved you , boyo . '' 
 `` you , too . '' 
 `` aye . '' 
 daniel opens the photo album on his lap . 
 there , in black and white is a series of pictures : a boy playing kick-the-can on dirty streets , and riding his rusty bike , and standing by a stone stacked fence , with a kite . 
 the boy has jet black hair that needs a cut . 
 daniel . 
 there 's another shot of a dirty street and a pub called the pig-and-whistle . 
 `` that 's nana and papa , '' bobby says , pointing to the couple standing at the pub 's wooden door . 
 `` they live in boston now . '' 
 `` still spend their time hanging around the pubs , '' daniel says , laughing as he turns the page . 
 maggie . 
 her face looks up at us , wreathed in bridal lace . 
 she looks young and bright and gloriously happy . 
 her smile could light up staples center . 
 i ca n't help thinking of my own wedding album , tucked deep in an upstairs bookcase , gathering the dust of lost years . 
 i wonder if i 'd even recognize my younger self , or would i look through the images of my own life like an archeologist , studying artifacts of an extinct race ? 
 and what of stacey ? 
 can i really stay away from her wedding , her big moment ? 
 we have always been the witnesses of each other 's lives . 
 is n't that what family is ? 
 even broken and betrayed and bleeding , we are connected . 
 i push the thoughts aside and focus on the photographs in daniel 's album . 
 the next few pages contain dozens of wedding shots . 
 daniel goes through them without comment ; i hear his relieved sigh when he comes to the end of them . 
 `` there 's me , '' bobby says , pointing at the first photo of a baby so tiny his face looks like a pink quarter . 
 `` aye . 
 that 's the day we brought you home from the hospital . '' 
 `` but mommy 's crying . '' 
 `` that 's because she loved you so much . '' 
 from there on , as daniel turns the pages , he talks , telling the story of their family in that musical brogue of his , and with every passing moment , every syllable that sounds like a song lyric , i can see them moving closer together , this boy with a broken heart and the man who loves him . 
 `` that 's your first friend , your cousin sean ... your first birthday party ... the day you said ` mama . ' '' 
 in time , i begin to notice that there are fewer pictures of him and none of him and maggie . 
 the whole album is bobby . 
 i know how a thing like this happens . 
 not all at once , but day by day . 
 you stop wanting to record every minute of an unhappy life . 
 in bakersfield , i have a drawer of similar albums , where the oldest versions are of thom and me , and the newest ones are mostly scenery . 
 by the time daniel reaches the last page , bobby is asleep , tucked in close to his father . 
 daniel says softly , `` joy ? '' 
 at my name , whispered as it is in the quiet between us , he sighs and smiles . 
 `` i 'm here , '' i say , waiting for more . 
 when he says nothing , i decide to be bold . 
 i lean toward him , say , `` maybe you and i ... '' i do n't know how to finish , how to ask for what i want , but it does n't matter . 
 i 've gone too far , revealed too much . 
 daniel shakes his head and pulls away from me . 
 `` i 'm losing my mind , '' he says without looking at me . 
 then , he gets up from the sofa and carries bobby to the stairs . 
 what was i thinking to say `` you and i '' with the photographs of his lost wife between us ? 
 as always , i am a master at timing . 
 once again , i am alone . 
 i try to fall back asleep , but after the predawn show , it 's impossible . 
 somewhere around seven o'clock , i give up and take a shower . 
 i am in the kitchen , looking for coffee when i hear footsteps on the stairs , then in the hallway . 
 i turn just in time to see daniel coming in to the room . 
 he looks haggard , worn down . 
 the lines around his eyes are so deep and dark they appear to be drawn in charcoal . 
 he sees me and the coffeemaker , in that order , and he smiles . 
 `` ah , coffee . '' 
 `` i guess we have an addiction in common . 
 that , and wanting to start over . '' 
 the minute the words are out of my mouth , i want to call them back . 
 even worse than the words is my voice ; it 's all breathy , marilyn-monroe-mr . 
 - presidenty . 
 he stares at me a moment longer , then leaves the room . 
 i stand there , feeling like a fool . 
 everything i say to daniel is wrong . 
 it 's hardly surprising . 
 i have n't exactly had a lot of experience . 
 there was jed breen in high school and jerry wist the summer after graduation , but that 's all . 
 i met thom at a party in my sophomore year at davis , and lord knows i have n't dated since our divorce . 
 sipping my coffee , i head out of the kitchen . 
 bobby runs up to me , as if he 's been waiting . 
 `` teach me more reading . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 he leads me to the sofa . 
 for hours , we sit there , sounding out sentences . 
 i praise and encourage him , but all the while i 'm also listening for footsteps on the deck . 
 i keep remembering my dance with daniel . 
 make a wish . 
 starting over would be ... `` joy , '' bobby says . 
 `` joy . '' 
 i blink , come into the now . 
 `` sorry , bobby . '' 
 i 'm like a teenager , mooning over a boy . 
 the thought makes me smile . 
 who would have thought ? 
 `` what 's this word ? '' 
 i turn my attention back to the book that 's open in my lap . 
 it 's the disney version of pinocchio , and bobby has an endless appetite for the story of the wooden boy who wants to be real . 
 this is the second read of the day . 
 `` r ... e ... a ... l. real . '' 
 he looks up at me . 
 `` i wish the blue fairy would make freddy real . '' 
 if the blue fairy existed , freddy would be knee-deep in clover . 
 heaven knows the stuffed lamb with the straggly fur and loose button eye has been loved . 
 behind us , the door bangs open . 
 bobby slams the book shut . 
 he wants to surprise daniel with his reading . 
 daniel walks in to the lobby , his flannel shirt and down vest peppered with sawdust and rain . 
 his face is gray with wet dirt . 
 when he smiles , his teeth are brilliant white . 
 `` hey , there . '' 
 he takes off his jacket , lays it on the chair back , then turns on the television . 
 `` it 's no use workin ' any more . 
 a storm is coming . '' 
 `` a storm ? '' 
 bobby sounds scared . 
 `` do n't worry , boyo . 
 i 'm here to protect you . '' 
 bobby tucks in closer to me , whining . 
 `` i hate storms . '' 
 for the first time , i notice how dark it is in the lobby . 
 outside , charcoal clouds obliterate the sky overhead . 
 shadows crawl across the lake and grass . 
 `` turn on the news , will you , bobby ? '' 
 daniel says , bending over to unbutton his work boots . 
 `` i 'll be back down in a sec . '' 
 with that , he goes upstairs . 
 bobby reaches for the remote and hits the power button . 
 there is a thump of sound , then a picture . 
 `` i hate the news , '' he mutters , eying the darkening day outside . 
 on screen , a pretty blond woman is talking about a three-alarm fire in downtown seattle . 
 after that , she relays the rest of the local news : a few burglaries , a car stolen in hoquiam , and a goat mascot stolen from a nearby high school . 
 they show a series of local homes , decked out for the holidays , even giving out the addresses so people can drive by to see the displays . 
 we have different drive-bys in southern california . 
 outside , thunder rolls . 
 lightning flares . 
 bobby screams . 
 i reach for him , saying , `` do n't worry , i 'm ... '' then i hear : plane crash . 
 i want to say , `` turn off the set ! 
 change the channel ! '' 
 but i ca n't speak . 
 instead , i get to my feet , take a step forward . '' 
 ... nearly eighty miles north of here . 
 as reported earlier , the eleven named passengers on the charter flight were rescued by firefighters on friday evening and taken to local hospitals . '' 
 the picture from my driver 's license fills the screen . 
 `` joy faith candellaro , '' the anchorwoman says pleasantly , as if she 's relaying a tuna casserole recipe and not news of a missing person , `` from bakersfield , california . 
 when the director of the charter flight , riegert milosovich , regained consciousness following surgery , he told authorities that this woman had purchased a ticket at the last moment and had been onboard the plane when ... '' `` is the thunder done ? '' 
 bobby asks nervously . 
 `` just a minute , bobby . '' 
 white noise roars in my head , blocking out the broadcast . 
 i 'm trying to hear the words when the picture onscreen changes and i gasp . 
 it 's stacey ; she is standing in front of her three-car garage , crying . 
 in a pale yellow sweatshirt and matching pants -lrb- which i gave her for her birthday last year -rrb- , she looks washed out and colorless . 
 `` we 're praying she comes back to us . '' 
 she glances at thom , who looks surprisingly shaken . 
 is he crying ? 
 `` it 's the season of miracles , right ? '' 
 stacey says to the reporter . 
 `` that lady looks like you , '' bobby says , pointing at my sister . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i answer dully . 
 i 've heard it all my life . 
 irish twins . 
 two sisters , only a year apart in age , who were always there for each other . 
 `` she sure is sad . '' 
 who would have thought she 'd miss me so much ? 
 but that is a lie . 
 i see the truth i 've hidden from myself all these days and nights . 
 i knew stacey would miss me , weep for me . 
 i wanted that , wanted her to regret what she 'd done to me . 
 i wanted to break her heart , like she 'd broken mine . 
 but it is one thing to want stacey to feel bad for me , it 's something else to let her believe i 'm dead . 
 my vacation is over . 
 `` what 's the matter , joy ? '' 
 thunder rolls outside , shaking the lodge . 
 the windows rattle at the storm . 
 bobby screams : `` daddy ! '' 
 and leaps off the couch . 
 daniel is down the stairs in an instant , scooping bobby into his arms . 
 `` it 's just a storm , boyo , '' he says soothingly , `` nothing to be afraid of . '' 
 `` he 's right , bobby . 
 there 's nothing to be scared of , '' i say dully , but even as i say the words , i know they are a lie . 
 there is something to be scared of now for bobby and for me . 
 i have to go home . 
 lightning flashes into the room , turning everything blue-white for an instant . 
 i look at daniel , who is holding his son tightly , and bobby , whose small , pale face is ruined by tears . 
 `` it 's like when mommy ... '' `` shhh , '' daniel says . 
 `` shhh . '' 
 he turns , carrying bobby upstairs . 
 i can hear their voices . 
 soft . 
 uncertain . 
 daniel is singing to bobby ; the hushed notes of the song underscore the sounds of crying . 
 it 's a song i do n't recognize , and i do n't understand the words , but it moves me nonetheless , makes me think about the times in my life-long ago now-when i felt safe and loved . 
 i feel my way to the registration desk and find the phone . 
 it 's time to call stacey . 
 lightning is a strobe light that turns off and on , blasting me in and out of darkness . 
 i pick up the phone and call the operator . 
 there are two rings , then , the electricity snaps off , the phone goes dead , and everything goes dark . 
 in my dreams , the world is full of strange noises and unfamiliar smells . 
 light . 
 it is buzzing all around me like bees around the comb . 
 there is a thunk-whoosh sound that repeats itself , over and over . 
 it 's the surf at the beach they called kalaloch ; i hear the waves whispering to me , calling me to come forward , feel their coolness . 
 i feel as if i 'm being held under the water . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 panicked , i try to fight my way to the surface , but it 's useless . 
 `` joy , wake up . '' 
 `` wake up . 
 pleease . '' 
 it 's my sister 's voice . 
 i 'm out of the ocean now . 
 for a blissful moment i 'm ten years old again , and we 're at a koa campground in needles , california . 
 stacey wants to break the rules , go swimming at night in the pool by the registration building . 
 she is tugging on my sleeve . 
 then i 'm back on madrona lane , close enough to touch my pregnant sister and yet unable to reach out . 
 the wedding invitation is on the asphalt between us . 
 thomas james candellaro and stacey elizabeth mcavoy request your presence ... `` wake up , joy . '' 
 someone touches my arm , pushes me gently . 
 i open my eyes , disoriented at first by the shadowy darkness around me . 
 i expected to be at home , staring up at my own ceiling , listening to the sound of old mr. lundgren 's lawn mower . 
 bobby is beside my bed , looking down at me . 
 i push to my elbows , shove the tangled red hair from my eyes . 
 `` bobby , '' i say , trying to get past my dream . 
 everything is still watery , confusing . 
 i ca n't remember a sleep so deep . 
 `` you would n't wake up , '' he says , his eyes full of worry . 
 `` i was up late last night , '' i say , as if he can understand the kind of sleepless night that comes with regret . 
 `` i dreamed you went away . '' 
 i close my eyes and sigh . 
 how could i have blithely befriended him and not seen how all this would end ? 
 fantasies . 
 i 've wrapped myself in them , let pretty images from an impossible future be my safety net , my safe place to land . 
 i 've thought of my time here as an adventure . 
 in truth , it was an escape . 
 all along , the clock on my discovery has been ticking . 
 i simply did n't hear it before . 
 `` are you leaving ? '' 
 i want to lie to him ; more than that , i want my lie to be the truth . 
 but i do n't belong in this wild place , no matter how much i want to . 
 this is the truth i stumbled upon in the dark last night as i tried to sleep . 
 daniel has never even hinted that he feels something for me . 
 all my `` what ifs '' were really `` if onlys . '' 
 i have been like bobby , a child chasing a ghost on a dock at dawn . 
 i touch bobby 's plump cheek . 
 in no time at all , his skin will roughen and grow hair . 
 he will be a young man , and i will be a memory of his childhood . 
 `` i want you to stay , '' he says , his voice unsteady . 
 later , i will let myself feel the ache of those words . 
 now , i do not dare . 
 `` you have a daddy who loves you . 
 and i have ... a sister who tried to ask for my forgiveness . 
 i need to go back to her . 
 that 's what i 've learned here-from you and your daddy . '' 
 `` but if you leave , i 'll miss you . 
 do n't you care about that ? '' 
 i can hardly answer ; the tears are so full in my throat . 
 `` i do care about that , bobby . '' 
 he stares at me through damp , accusing eyes . 
 `` will you stay for christmas morning ? 
 we can open presents . '' 
 `` i do n't ... '' `` pleease ? '' 
 how can i say no ? 
 especially when i want it so badly ? 
 i 'll call stacey and let her know i 'm okay . 
 then i 'll end my adventure with christmas morning in this place i 've come to love . 
 and then i sigh . 
 `` i 'll stay for christmas morning , but then i 'll need to leave . 
 okay ? '' 
 `` you promise you 'll stay ? '' 
 `` i promise . '' 
 he barely smiles . 
 we both know it 's not good enough . 
 it 's not what either of us wants . 
 but it 's all there is . 
 by the time i 've taken my shower and had breakfast , it 's nearly ten . 
 i leave my room-or mean to-but as i step across the threshold , i stumble and fall into the doorway . 
 righting myself , i look back at this small , shabby space . 
 room 1a in a run-down fishing lodge with a ridiculous name . 
 and i know how much i will miss it . 
 whenever i close my eyes , i see this room as it could be , as i 've imagined it : the log walls scrubbed to perfection and oiled to a glossy shine ; the green carpet gone , in its stead the wide-plank pine boards that lie beneath ; a pretty white wrought-iron bed , covered with handmade quilts and lavender-blue throw pillows-exactly the hue of the night sky just before the sun sets . 
 fresh flowers on the antique dresser . 
 a bathroom redone in white tile and brass , with a clawfoot tub . 
 i close the door on the image and walk away . 
 my footsteps are soundless on the olive green carpeting . 
 in the kitchen , i find a tray filled with fruit and cheese slices on the counter , and an otherwise empty room . 
 i do n't need to go upstairs -lrb- not that i would -rrb- to know that daniel and bobby are gone . 
 i 've come to know the moods of this place , the feel of it when people are here , and when they 're gone . 
 there are no creaking floorboards overhead , no fluttering fall of dust from the ceiling as bobby rides his skateboard in the halls upstairs . 
 the christmas tree lights are off and the registration desk is dark . 
 i go to the window , just to be sure . 
 outside , the storm has paused ; clouds squat above the trees ; the wind blows leaves across the deck and pushes at the trees as if they are bendable toys . 
 but it is n't raining . 
 the truck is gone . 
 i look around for a note , knowing i wo n't find one . 
 i 'm a guest . 
 why would they let me know where they 've gone or when they 'll be back ? 
 still , i ca n't help feeling disappointed . 
 i stand there a long time . 
 finally , i go to the phone and pick it up . 
 the receiver feels cold against my ear . 
 there is still no dial tone . 
 i feel a rush of relief , but it does n't last long . 
 as much as i 'd like to , i ca n't stay here , alone , hiding out from the world , my world . 
 my christmas gift to stacey will be a phone call . 
 just that , a call , but it will be a start . 
 who knows where we 'll go from there ? 
 so i go to my room and get my borrowed blue sweater from the closet , then i find an umbrella behind the registration desk-just in case-and i 'm off . 
 wind blows down the road and whistles through the trees . 
 the forest is darker than usual , as is the sky . 
 i follow the winding black ribbon of asphalt that parallels the lake . 
 leaves and debris skid down the pavement , blow past me . 
 brown water gurgles in the ditches . 
 i angle against the wind , trudging forward , sloshing through dips and puddles from last night 's storm . 
 ahead of me , the road shimmers with water . 
 at first , i walk at a pretty good pace . 
 i 'm in decent shape , after all , i do aerobics on a quasi-regular basis , and i 've lost weight in the past week . 
 i feel thinner , anyway . 
 i have n't actually stepped on a scale . 
 every bend in the road promises to be `` the one . '' 
 i keep expecting to see the town spread out before me , a tiny tiara of holiday lights tucked in to all this stormy darkness . 
 but every corner leads to another straightaway . 
 this old highway goes on and on . 
 i am losing steam , which seems odd because my breath is a series of white clouds , shooting out in front of me . 
 the steps get harder . 
 it 's cold . 
 wind scratches my face , tugs at my hair . 
 i ca n't believe i walked this far after the crash . 
 then , it had felt like nothing , this trek through the ancient woods . 
 in truth , it 's miles . 
 how could i have done it ? 
 on and on i go , until i truly begin to consider turning back . 
 i am all alone out here . 
 in the time i 've been walking , no cars have passed me , no headlights have cut down the pavement to show me the way back , even for a fifty-five mile-per-hour moment . 
 black clouds hang ominously low in the sky , make this afternoon almost dark . 
 up ahead , there is another bend in the road . 
 `` that 's it , '' i say aloud . 
 i will turn around if town is n't around the corner . 
 then , in the distance , i hear cars . 
 thank god . 
 the walking is easier again , with the end in sight . 
 i pick up my pace a little , until i 'm breathless when i finally come to town . 
 i leave the two-lane highway and turn onto a pretty little tree-lined street called azalea . 
 i have gone fifty feet or so when it hits me . 
 the lights are out here , too . 
 the town is dark ; buildings seem smaller without light , bunched together , as if they 're huddling to keep warm . 
 in the gray patch of the park , i see an old-fashioned phone booth on the corner . 
 it 's something i have n't seen in a while . 
 in my part of california , the world has gone cellular , moved on from these glass-walled booths . 
 i duck inside , close the door behind me . 
 no light comes on at the motion . 
 i know before i pick up the phone what i will find . 
 it 's dead . 
 there is no phonebook hanging from a rusty chain . 
 when i step outside the booth , thunder grumbles across the slate-colored sky . 
 lightning flashes strobe-like , electrifying the sleepy town for a second . 
 then it starts to rain . 
 hard . 
 i grab my umbrella and pop it open . 
 rain is thunderous on the plastic dome over my head . 
 i run across the park . 
 in town , the eaves protect me . 
 i walk close to the buildings , seeing even in the shadows how well tended everything is . 
 holiday decorations fill every window . 
 at a diner called the `` dew drop in , '' i see a `` closed : no juice '' sign that makes me smile in spite of how cold and miserable i am . 
 at the end of the street , i come to a four-way stop and turn right because the eaves protect me . 
 two blocks later i see the impossible : a gas station with its lights on . 
 they must have a generator . 
 i rush across the wet , slick street and go to the door . 
 inside , it 's a mini-mart with rows and rows of brightly colored merchandise . 
 the lights are so bright i have to squint . 
 behind the counter , a man is reading something from a manila folder and making notes on a clipboard of some kind . 
 a slim gray cell phone sits on the counter by his right hand . 
 `` thank god , '' i say , tossing my dripping umbrella to the linoleum floor . 
 `` this storm is crazy , is n't it ? '' 
 he looks up at me , obviously surprised that anyone is out in this weather . 
 he is thin-faced , with elegantly cut white hair and blue eyes that seem surprisingly sharp for a man of his age . 
 `` there 's no way to know how long it 'll last . '' 
 it 's the same thing the weathermen always say . 
 i smile at him . 
 `` i need to use your phone . '' 
 he stares at me oddly and taps at the hearing aid in his left ear . 
 `` broken bones ? '' 
 `` not bones . 
 phone . 
 i need to make a call . 
 collect . '' 
 `` can you hear me ? '' 
 he says , leaning closer . 
 `` it 's broken . '' 
 `` i hear you , '' i say , trying to keep the impatience out of my voice . 
 i 'm tired , soaking wet , and freezing cold . 
 it would be easy to snap , so i take a deep breath and try to smile . 
 `` i know the electricity is out . '' 
 i tap his cell phone . 
 `` may i use it ? 
 please ? 
 i need to talk to my sister . '' 
 at that , he smiles , showing me a hint of flawless white dentures , and tugs at his ear , which-surprisingly-sports an earring that looks like a tiny diamond . 
 `` talking is good . '' 
 the poor man is deaf as a post . 
 if i were n't freezing and desperate , i 'd be polite . 
 as it is , i say , `` yes , it is . 
 look . 
 i 'm using your phone . 
 i hope you do n't mind . '' 
 `` the mind is a delicate thing . '' 
 `` that 's helpful . 
 thank you . '' 
 i reach for his phone . 
 every second , as i flip it open and punch in the numbers , i expect him to stop me , but he does n't . 
 he simply goes back to his reading . 
 the phone rings . 
 and rings . 
 at each bleating ring , i tense up a little more . 
 finally , the machine clicks on . 
 it 's stacey 's voice . 
 happy holidays . 
 stacey and thom are n't in right now , but if you 'll leave a message , we 'll call you back . 
 thanks ! 
 i 'm momentarily nonplussed by the casual linking of their names . 
 staceyandthom . 
 thomandstacey . 
 now they 're one word , just like we used to be . 
 `` uh ... hi , stace . 
 it 's joy . 
 i 'm fine . 
 you do n't need to worry . 
 i 'll call you on christmas day . '' 
 it seems like i should have more to say , but nothing comes to me . 
 `` bye . '' 
 i hang up and hand the phone back to the attendant . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he peers at me . 
 `` you can keep talking to her . '' 
 `` no , thanks . 
 i 'm done . '' 
 smiling , i grab my umbrella and leave the warm light of the gas station . 
 it 's not until i 'm back in the park , trudging through the now blinding rain that i think : i should have asked him for a ride home . 
 this is small town , u.s.a. people do favors for each other here . 
 i turn back , walk down the street . 
 thunder roars again ; the rain hammers me . 
 in the violence of the storm , i 'm confused , though , disoriented ; i ca n't find the gas station again . 
 i have always had a crappy sense of direction . 
 with a sigh , i head for the park , and then find my way onto the old highway . 
 my first thought is : this is the way home . 
 then i remember . 
 my home sits on a pretty little street in a not-so-pretty section of bakersfield , the same city where my pregnant sister and ex-husband now live together . 
 staceyandthom . 
 what will i say to them ? 
 j ust when i think the weather ca n't get any worse , it starts to snow . 
 in an instant , this stormy landscape changes into a place of magical , impossible light . 
 the clouds lift , a bright moon peers out from above and casts the road in silvery light . 
 the driving rain transforms itself into a shower of tiny cotton balls , drifting lazily downward . 
 everything stills ; the world holds its breath . 
 the gurgling water in the ditch turns into a child 's laugh . 
 i can smell the pine trees again , and the rich scent of wet earth . 
 unfortunately , the sudden beauty has a wicked bite . 
 it 's cold . 
 inside my suddenly inadequate sweater , i shiver and try to keep warm . 
 my breath clouds everything , makes me feel as if i 'm walking through a deep fog . 
 once i start shivering , i ca n't stop . 
 i must look like an escaped mental patient , running from the electrical shock room , dancing along the crumbling edge of the road . 
 i am so tired ; all i want to do is stop , but i know that if i do , i 'll fall , and maybe i wo n't get up . 
 my eyelids are heavy , my fingers and toes sting with cold . 
 my cheeks are so icy they feel hot ; every snowflake burns my skin . 
 only a woman raised in california would have gone for a walk on a day like this . 
 `` do n't th-think like that , '' i say aloud , trying to sound stern and failing miserably . 
 my teeth are chattering like an evinrude . 
 i need to focus on good thoughts . 
 like the lodge , dressed in its holiday finery , with bobby and daniel on the deck , waiting for me . 
 are they home ? 
 i wonder . 
 have they noticed that i am gone ? 
 are they worried ? 
 how long has it been since someone waited at home for me , worried about me ? 
 stacey . 
 even with all that has happened ; all she has done , the truth is there , buried beneath the resentment : i miss her . 
 she is the one i want to tell about my time in the rainforest , and the man and boy about whom i 've come to care . 
 i guess a plane crash and being lost in a snowstorm will show you things . 
 i am caught so deeply in my own thoughts that it takes me a moment to hear the noise behind me . 
 it is an engine . 
 seconds later , i see the twin beams of headlights come up behind me . 
 in their glow , i see the snow falling all around me . 
 i stop , turn . 
 it is daniel 's red pickup , chugging down the road . 
 they are like something out of a dream , a blur of red in a snowy white world . 
 i 'm not entirely sure it 's real . 
 perhaps i 've imagined my saviors . 
 the truck pulls up beside me and stops . 
 the blue passenger door creaks , then bangs open . 
 bobby is scooted all the way to the edge of the bench seat . 
 his small face is scrunched with worry and too colorful somehow in this hazy world and half-light . 
 `` joy ? '' 
 i try to answer , to smile even , as if this is nothing , but all i hear is the sound of my own teeth chattering . 
 suddenly i 'm crying like a baby . 
 that 's when i realize how scared i was that i would be simply lost out here , all alone again . 
 no wonder i thought of stacey . 
 `` help her , dad ! '' 
 bobby cries out . 
 `` she 's freezing ! '' 
 daniel whips open his door and jumps out . 
 `` i 'm ... fine , '' i say , sounding like a jackhammer on concrete . 
 i grab the top of the truck door-the metal is so cold it burns me-and climb into the seat . 
 i do n't want him to know how cold i am , how foolish i was . 
 i could have died out here . 
 `` th-thanks . '' 
 standing by the side of the truck , daniel looks worriedly through the cab at me . 
 he 's probably never seen a woman with blue cheeks before . 
 there 's a strange look in his eyes , one i ca n't read . 
 it 's more than just worry , though . 
 i think he 's angry with me for being so stupid , for scaring his son . 
 he climbs back into the driver 's seat and slams the door shut . 
 `` a person could die in this weather , '' he says softly . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 really . 
 i was just ... trying to find a phone to call my sister . 
 i 'm sorry to have worried you . '' 
 `` daddy has a cell phone , '' bobby says accusingly . 
 i can tell how upset he is . 
 he thought i 'd simply left without a word . 
 disappeared like his mother . 
 i have no answer to that . 
 my actions were stupid . 
 plain stupid . 
 `` we 've been driving around for hours looking for you , '' bobby says . 
 i can hear the panic in his voice . 
 `` i told him you were in trouble . '' 
 `` i promised you christmas morning , '' i say quietly . 
 `` remember ? 
 i just needed to make a phone call . 
 honest . '' 
 `` okay , '' he says , still looking unconvinced . 
 i dare to glance at daniel . 
 `` bobby invited me to spend christmas morning with you . '' 
 `` i told daddy that you were staying for christmas and then leaving . '' 
 daniel still does n't look at me . 
 driving in snow takes all his concentration . 
 or , perhaps , he wants christmas morning with only his son . 
 before , in my life , i would have been silent now , waited for him to invite me , to want me , but somewhere along the way of this adventure , i 've grown bold . 
 life can be short . 
 planes can simply fall out of the sky ; sisters can lose the chance they need . 
 `` what do you think of that , daniel ? '' 
 in the silence that follows my question , the windshield wipers seemed almost obscenely loud . 
 he can hurt me now , ruin me with a look or a smile , but i take this risk . 
 it 's what i want : christmas with bobby and daniel . 
 then i 'll go back to bakersfield . 
 every heartbeat that he does n't answer wounds me . 
 it 's crazy , i know , and naive , but i ca n't help it . 
 bobby must sense the tension and feel for me . 
 `` daddy ? '' 
 he says when the quiet has gone on for almost a mile . 
 `` you want joy to stay for christmas , do n't you ? '' 
 i draw in a sharp breath , but daniel does n't turn to me . 
 quietly , he says , `` of course i do . '' 
 of course . 
 as if my question were unnecessary . 
 the tension seeps out of me , leaving me strangely limp . 
 i lean back into the seat . 
 daniel turns on the radio . 
 `` jingle bell rock '' blares from the speakers , making me smile . 
 my mom loved this song . 
 `` what does your family do for christmas morning ? '' 
 bobby asks me . 
 `` we go to church . '' 
 `` that 's what me and mommy used to do . '' 
 `` i light a candle for my mom , '' i add . 
 `` so she knows how much i still love her . '' 
 `` would you light one for my mommy ? '' 
 `` if you 'll come to church with me , i will . '' 
 a long moment passes , punctuated by the thunk of the wipers . 
 then , quietly , he says , `` okay . '' 
 i look down at him , feeling tears sting my eyes . 
 the courage of this boy slays me . 
 `` we can pray for her together . '' 
 `` okay what ? '' 
 daniel says , frowning as if he 's missed something . 
 he turns down the radio . 
 `` joy 's gon na help me light a candle for mommy on christmas morning . '' 
 `` in church ? '' 
 bobby nods . 
 i can she how moved daniel is by those few words . 
 he does n't look at his son or me ; i suspect if he did that his eyes would be moist . 
 `` i can see how joy got her name . '' 
 daniel 's voice is so soft and warm . 
 it wraps around me like a blanket . 
 smiling , i rest my head against the cool window and close my eyes . 
 all at once i 'm exhausted . 
 daniel pulls into the lodge parking lot and shuts off the ignition . 
 he immediately turns to bobby . 
 `` come here . '' 
 bobby launches himself at his dad . 
 `` i 'm so proud of you , boyo . '' 
 `` but i do n't want joy to leave . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i sit up slowly . 
 an ache blossoms in my chest at the sight of them . 
 if ever i am inclined in the future to disbelieve in love , i will remember this moment . 
 daniel tightens his hold on his son . 
 `` you 're my whole world , bobby . 
 you know that , do n't you ? 
 we 're a team now . 
 you and me . '' 
 `` what if joy comes back later ? 
 can she be part of us ? '' 
 daniel smiles . 
 he looks younger suddenly , unburdened . 
 i catch my breath . 
 it would be so easy to lose myself in daniel 's eyes , and find myself in his world . 
 `` maybe , boyo , '' daniel says , looking at me over bobby 's head . 
 `` a thing like that comes down to ... i do n't know . '' 
 `` fate . '' 
 we whisper the word at the same time , daniel and i . 
 it seems as soft as a love song in the cab , and as sturdy as one of these old trees . 
 but bobby wants something more concrete . 
 `` if she comes back , can she stay with us ? '' 
 daniel is frowning suddenly . 
 i wonder if , like me , he 's come undone by the single word that somehow joins us , gives us a glimpse of maybe . 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` you promise ? '' 
 bobby says . 
 `` i promise , '' daniel answers , still gazing at me . 
 i feel something waken in me , a longing that makes my heart speed up . 
 `` all she has to do is say , ` open the damn door , daniel . 
 it 's cold out here , ' and i 'll let her in . '' 
 bobby laughs . 
 it is the purest , clearest sound i 've ever heard . 
 `` she does n't swear , dad . '' 
 for the first time , daniel and i laugh together . 
 the best pieces of chocolate in the box are always the last ones . 
 so it is with this second-to-last night i have at the comfort fishing lodge . 
 by the time we get home , the electricity is back on . 
 in no time , the christmas tree and mantel are pockets of glowing colored lights and there 's a roaring fire in the fireplace . 
 bobby and daniel go to the kitchen for dinner ; i go to my room and take a shower . 
 i 'm cold to the bone ; food is the last thing on my mind . 
 rather , i think about tomorrow . 
 christmas eve . 
 it will be my last night here . 
 already i know that my vacation is over . 
 when stacey gets home-probably from thom 's office party-she 'll listen to my message and immediately start looking for me . 
 i 'll be `` big news . '' 
 the authorities will clamor for answers to questions i do n't want voiced , let alone answered . 
 i do n't believe any of them will understand why i chose to walk away from the crash . 
 the few who will understand will be those who have been where i was in early december . 
 people who have lost themselves in the dark woods of ordinary life , who have been betrayed by loved ones and forgotten how to be led by dreams . 
 and daniel . 
 for no reason i can articulate , i am sure he will understand my bizarre choice . 
 he is a man who knows about drifting , about betrayal and loss . 
 i 'm certain of it . 
 it 's why he bought this place , those years ago when his family lived amid the red brick of boston . 
 sometimes a change of scenery can be the answer . 
 or an answer , anyway . 
 stacey , too , will understand , and she will forgive me . 
 the question is : can i forgive her ? 
 even with all that i have learned , i do n't know the answer to that , and truthfully , i do n't want to think about it . 
 i have n't much time here at the comfort lodge . 
 i need to soak up every second and fashion the time into memories . 
 i will need them when i 'm home again . 
 it is the need for more that sends me in search of them again . 
 i go out to the lobby , where bobby and daniel are watching miracle on 34th street . 
 `` oh , good , '' bobby says at my arrival . 
 `` you did n't miss anything . '' 
 he does n't yet know how many times we watch christmas movies in our lives . 
 i take a seat in the red leather chair by the fireplace . 
 together-like a family-we watch the movie . 
 as i watch the scenes unfurl , i ca n't help thinking of other christmases , long ago . 
 `` my mommy loved this part , '' bobby says softly . 
 onscreen , a young natalie wood is running through her new house , finding the cane that proves a miracle . 
 `` mine , too , '' i say as the screen goes black and the credits roll . 
 bobby 's smile dips for a second , then returns . 
 `` you wan na play chutes and ladders ? '' 
 `` of course , '' i answer . 
 daniel laughs . 
 `` it 's better than watching the grinch again . '' 
 bobby laughs at that , and the sound of their braided laughter-daniel 's throaty and full , his son 's high and childish-finds a soft spot in me . 
 bobby runs upstairs and is back in no time . 
 within minutes , the game is set up on the card table . 
 daniel sits on the hearth facing the game . 
 the fire backlights him . 
 it is impossible not to notice how handsome he is . 
 `` well , boyo , '' he says , rubbing his hands together , `` you ready for a whoopin ' ? '' 
 bobby giggles and sets out our pieces . 
 i sit in the empty chair to daniel 's left . 
 bobby sits across from me . 
 `` i get to move for everyone , '' he says , trying to stack the cards on the place where they go . 
 `` aye , '' daniel says . 
 `` you always do . 
 just like you open everyone 's presents . '' 
 for the next hour , bobby leads us around the board . 
 he picks all the cards and moves all the pieces and laughs whenever he pulls ahead . 
 daniel and i can hardly get a word in edgewise , but , in truth , we 're not trying very hard . 
 i can tell that daniel is captivated by his son 's smile , and i am mesmerized by the pair of them . 
 unlike me , bobby will never know the nagging ache of an absent father ; he will have the loss of his mother inside him , like a thin shadow on a bright day , standing close , but he wo n't have that dragging sense that he was unloved , somehow , unworthy . 
 for the whole of his life , he will go to sleep at night knowing his father loves him . 
 `` you sure are laughin ' a lot tonight , boyo . '' 
 daniel 's voice pulls me back into the moment . 
 `` joy keeps getting the worst cards , '' he answers with a giggle . 
 `` it 's hardly my fault . '' 
 when i look up from the board , i catch daniel 's gaze and wonder if he sees who we could be together . 
 i try to come up with a gem of a remark-one that will make him want me the way i 'm beginning to want him-but nothing comes to me , and the moment moves on . 
 as the night darkens , and we go from chutes and ladders to candy land , i have to keep reminding myself that i 'm a guest here . 
 otherwise , i 'll reach for daniel . 
 i 'll touch his arm and say something stupid like `` are you lonely , too ? '' 
 or `` do you feel it , this spark ? '' 
 it takes all my self-control to say nothing of importance . 
 each moment i 'm silent , i know , is a moment lost , a second that brings me closer to good-bye . 
 this night-and everything it represents-is the dream i 've held onto all my life . 
 a family held together by love , a child who needs me . 
 a man who knows how to love . 
 i want so desperately to belong here , to be invited to stay . 
 i could start over here , maybe get a job at the local high school and help daniel refurbish this place . 
 i 'd be good at it ; i know i would . 
 if only he 'd ask me . 
 if only i had the courage to say it first . 
 `` you have to go all the way back , '' bobby giggles , looking at my card . 
 `` look , dad , mommy has to go back . '' 
 suddenly the crackling of the fire is loud in the room , as is daniel 's indrawn breath . 
 `` i mean joy , '' bobby chirps happily , moving my man back . 
 daniel looks at bobby ; his face is pale , his lips tight . 
 i do n't know him well enough to read his expression . 
 is it fear that bobby has come to love me too much ? 
 or regret that some things longed for ca n't be had ? 
 or is it grief for the woman who should be at this game table on this night ? 
 i do n't know . 
 all i know is that i wish he 'd looked at me , if even just for an instant , and smiled . 
 instead , i see how he avoids looking at me in this moment where i 've been called mommy for the first time in my life . 
 `` it 's your turn , dad , '' bobby says , reaching for another card . 
 and the game goes on . 
 i try to forget that bobby called me mommy and that daniel looked so hurt by it , but i ca n't . 
 it makes me want-that single word and all that it implies . 
 mommy . 
 i learn something about myself this cold winter 's night . 
 something i should have known , perhaps ; had i known it , i never would have walked away from the crash site . 
 you can run away from your life and your past , but there 's no way to distance yourself from your own heart . 
 at eight o'clock , daniel ends our perfect evening . 
 `` i know a boy who needs to get ready for bed , '' he says , standing up . 
 `` aw , dad , '' bobby whines , making a face . 
 he is getting up from his chair when he smiles . 
 `` but joy and me hafta wrap your present . '' 
 daniel looks down at his son . 
 `` now ? '' 
 `` tomorrow is christmas eve , '' i say to daniel . 
 `` all presents need to be under the tree . '' 
 daniel is n't fooled . 
 `` you just want to stay up . 
 okay . 
 i have a few presents of my own to wrap , but i want you upstairs by eight-thirty . 
 should i set the timer on the oven to remind you ? '' 
 `` no way . '' 
 `` i 'll make sure he 's on time , '' i say . 
 daniel stands there a moment longer , looking at us . 
 bobby is right beside me now . 
 he 's so excited his little body seems to be vibrating . 
 `` okay then , '' daniel finally says . 
 `` see you in half an hour . '' 
 when he is gone , bobby runs to the sofa and pulls his copy of green eggs and ham out from under the cushion . 
 `` i need to practice one more time , okay ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 we settle into the comfortable cushions together and open the book . 
 `` i ... am ... sam . 
 sam ... i ... am . '' 
 bobby has memorized this part of the book , so he runs through it quickly . 
 by the time he gets to page sixteen , he has slowed down and begun to sound out the words . 
 `` i ... w ... ou ... l ... d would not like th ... em them h ... ere here or th ... ere there . '' 
 i tighten my hold on him . 
 by the time he finishes the book , his smile is so big it 's like a storm wave breaking over the beach . 
 uncontainable . 
 `` this is the best present you could give your dad . '' 
 `` arnie holtzner wo n't call me stupid now . '' 
 he twists around to look up at me . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he says it quietly , but it still hits me hard . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 i lean toward him and gently kiss his forehead . 
 it should be a perfect moment , a memory to take away with me , but when i feel the velvet of his warm skin and breathe in the sweet citrus scent of his hair , all i can think about is how it will feel to say good-bye . 
 i ease back from him , trying to smile . 
 `` we 've got a few more minutes before your dad is expecting you . 
 will you help me with something ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` i need a piece of paper and something to write with . '' 
 bobby slides eel-like off the sofa and runs to the registration desk . 
 he is back in mere moments , holding a yellow legal pad and a red crayon . 
 i ca n't help smiling . 
 i have n't written with a crayon in years . 
 `` okay . 
 let 's go to the card table . '' 
 we clear the game and take our seats , side by side , tucking in close . 
 i hand bobby the crayon and position the pad in front of him . 
 `` you 're going to write a list out for me . 
 it 's your dad 's christmas present from me . '' 
 `` i ca n't ... '' `` yes , you can . 
 it 's good practice . 
 i 'll tell you the words and you sound them out and write them down . 
 it 'll make my present extra special . '' 
 he looks so scared i want to hug him . 
 instead , i don my best teacher 's face and say , `` the first word is ideas . 
 i ... d ... e ... a ... s. '' i help him sound it out but let him spell it himself . 
 the crayon quivers in his hand . 
 he holds it tightly , fisting it , and bends over the paper . 
 `` go slow , '' he says , frowning in concentration . 
 it takes almost fifteen minutes of working together , but in the end , we have a list that looks like this : ibeas . 
 chng nme/rmantic pant trm flwrs fix cbns websit no crpt flr `` wow , '' bobby says when we 're done . 
 `` my mom wanted to do some of these things . 
 you think he 'll do it ? 
 i wish - '' `` i know . '' 
 i do n't want him to say his hope out loud . 
 some things need to be simply planted in the soft dirt of possibility . 
 `` but you remember this , bobby : what matters is you and your dad being together . 
 you guys are a team now . 
 a family . '' 
 bobby looks up at me . 
 `` you 'll come back someday , wo n't you , joy ? '' 
 `` wild horses could n't keep me away . 
 now , let 's wrap this present up and put it under the tree . '' 
 i show bobby how to roll the list into a cylinder and wrap it in the pretty red foil paper , then to coil ribbons on each end . 
 when we 're finished , the clock reads 8:25 . 
 `` time for you to go . '' 
 he grumbles in protest but heads dutifully for the stairs . 
 after he 's gone , i sit on the hearth , listening to the last strains of the fading fire . 
 i have one more gift to place beneath the tree for christmas morning-if i can find what i am looking for . 
 i go to my room and retrieve the still damp sweater i wore to town . 
 shrugging into it , i head outside . 
 the night is quiet and cold . 
 a slushy layer of newly fallen snow covers the ground . 
 already it is beginning to melt . 
 the green lawn shows through in big , irregular patches . 
 water drips from the eaves and branches , makes tiny dark holes in the melting snow . 
 i walk down the uneven path toward the lake . 
 as if on cue , the cloud overhead drifts on , revealing a nearly full moon . 
 shimmery blue light falls on me , on the lake and the clock , and the dark ground . 
 it is almost eerie , this light , vaguely impossible . 
 a shiver runs through me . 
 although it ca n't happen , i know it ca n't , i hear a woman 's voice . 
 it is quiet , barely above a whisper , but i hear it nonetheless , hear her say , `` there . '' 
 i look down . 
 there , lying all alone on top of a bed of shiny black stones , is a bright white arrowhead . 
 moonlight hits it and reflects it back at me , turning it for a second into a fallen star . 
 i spin around , but there is no woman around me . 
 of course there is n't . 
 i bend down for the arrowhead . 
 it fits perfectly in my palm , feels as smooth as silk and as cold as a snowflake . 
 i tuck it into my pocket and walk back to the lodge , through a night that is both silvery light and jet black . 
 by the time i get to the door , i 've told myself in no uncertain terms that nothing unusual happened by the lake . 
 i merely went in search of an arrowhead and found one . 
 but as i step onto the deck , hear it creak beneath my feet , i say softly , `` thanks , maggie . '' 
 then i go inside . 
 b y morning , the snow is almost gone . 
 i stand at my window , staring out at the green , sunlit backyard . 
 i can see a corner of one of the cabins . 
 the roof shingles are furred with thick moss . 
 come spring , i imagine that tiny flowers will sprout up from the mossy patches . 
 i should have added power-wash roofs to my list . 
 and advertising in more in-flight magazines . 
 i 'll have to tell daniel those things face-to-face . 
 outside , on this christmas eve , the day is both sunlit and gray . 
 a light rain is falling ; the drops are so thin and tiny they 're almost imaginary , like tears . 
 and suddenly i am thinking of stacey . 
 i remember that last night in bakersfield when she asked me to come to her wedding . 
 and showed me her pregnant stomach . 
 i 'm sorry , she 'd said . 
 i remember her on television , crying for me , believing in the miracle of my return , hoping for it . 
 and thom . 
 the man i vowed to love forever , who now loves my sister . 
 the thought makes me sad , but does n't ruin me anymore . 
 i can actually think of them together without wincing . 
 if nothing else , this pause has given me that : a lens through which to view my previous life . 
 it 's not forgiveness . 
 not even near that yet , but it is ... acceptance , and that 's better than nothing . 
 i 'm not sure how long i stand at my window , staring out , thinking about my life before and what will happen tomorrow . 
 time is odd in this place , more fluid than i 'm used to somehow . 
 when i finally take my shower , get dressed in my borrowed skirt and sweater , and go out to the lobby , bobby is by the tree , shaking presents . 
 daniel is behind him , laughing . 
 i pause at the corner , watching them . 
 all it takes is a look at bobby and daniel , a moment in their presence , and the bitter aftertaste of my previous life is gone . 
 a smile comes easily ; i feel it deep inside , too , not just a curving of my lips , but a lifting of my spirit . 
 in some small way , i have given them this moment . 
 without the tree , they would n't have been able to slide back in time , to recapture one of those ordinary moments that becomes extraordinary from a distance . 
 i only hope i can do the same for myself . 
 stacey and i need to see ourselves more clearly . 
 maybe then we can find our way back . 
 at the sound of my footsteps , bobby looks up . 
 `` joy ! '' 
 he is shaking a present , but pauses long enough to say , `` are you gon na go see the old people with us ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` tell ` er where we 're goin ' , dad . '' 
 `` the church serves brunch at the nursing home , '' daniel answers . 
 it 's what i do on my own holiday . 
 it 's a tradition my mom started long ago . 
 for all the years of my childhood , i spent christmas eve afternoon at the nursing home with grandma lund . 
 in my adult years , i volunteered on holidays . 
 fate . 
 `` you better hurry , '' daniel says to bobby and me . 
 i race down to my room , tame my riotous hair , brush my teeth , and make my bed . 
 then we all go out to the truck . 
 between the christmas lights and the remnants of an early morning rain , the town glistens with water and light . 
 people fill the sidewalks ; cars clog the streets . 
 daniel pulls into a parking lot and stops . 
 we are at the rain shadow convalescent center . 
 it 's a lovely little brick building set well to the back of a deep lot . 
 a few older trees , bare now , flank the sides , and giant rhododendrons and azaleas grow out front . 
 christmas lights outline the windows , and a fully lit menorah sits on the sill . 
 inside , the center is a hive of activity . 
 in the lobby , several white clad attendants are pushing people in wheelchairs toward a room marked `` christmas eve brunch . '' 
 `` i 'll go meet the guys and get breakfast ready . 
 you can help get people to the tables , okay ? '' 
 daniel says to us . 
 `` i 'll go get mr. lundberg ! '' 
 bobby cries out , rushing down the hall . 
 when i turn to ask daniel something , he 's gone , but i do n't need his direction . 
 i 've spent plenty of time in nursing homes . 
 i know how to help . 
 i walk down the busy hallway , looking in to the various rooms . 
 most are empty now . 
 that 's why the hallways are so full . 
 in the very back of the building , i find an elderly woman sitting in a chair , all by herself , facing a window that looks outside . 
 she wears a pale pink ruffled dressing gown , with ribbons in her snow white hair . 
 her small , heart-shaped face has been overtaken by wrinkles , and bright red lipstick does n't quite match her lip lines , but her eyes reveal a woman who was once gorgeous enough to stop traffic . 
 `` hello , there , '' i say , stepping into the small room . 
 `` merry christmas eve . 
 would you like to go to the brunch ? '' 
 she does n't answer me . 
 i 've probably spoken too softly . 
 i enter the room , make my way past the bed , and kneel down in front of her . 
 she 's muttering something , playing with a red satin ribbon . 
 the thin strip of fabric is coiled around her knobby , veiny knuckles . 
 `` hey , '' i say , smiling up at her . 
 `` i 'm here to take you to the brunch . '' 
 i have to yell the words . 
 the woman frowns . 
 her fingers still . 
 she blinks down at me . 
 `` is it my time ? '' 
 `` the brunch starts in ten minutes . '' 
 `` my sister is supposed to come for me . '' 
 `` i 'm sure she 'll meet you in the dining room . '' 
 i stand , offer her my hand . 
 she looks up at me . 
 her eyes seem huge in her tiny face . 
 `` walk ? '' 
 `` let me help you . '' 
 i help her to her feet and coil my arm around her . 
 it 's easy . 
 the woman is almost impossibly frail . 
 together , moving slowly , we shuffle down the hallway . 
 it 's less crowded now . 
 only a few people are lingering about . 
 we pass a nurse , or orderly , someone in a white polyester outfit who stares at us , then frowns . 
 `` mrs. gardiner ? '' 
 `` it 's time to plant tulips , '' the woman beside me says , tightening her hold on my arm . 
 we go the last bit to the dining room and turn . 
 at our entrance , i notice how everyone looks up sharply . 
 more than a few gasp . 
 a heavyset nurse rushes toward me . 
 `` mrs. gardiner , what are you doing here ? 
 you know an aide would have brought you a wheelchair . '' 
 `` she walked really well , '' i say , holding her steady . 
 `` my sister ? '' 
 she croaks , looking up at the nurse . 
 `` now , mrs. gardiner , you know dora is gone . 
 but your son is here , and your granddaughters . '' 
 the nurse points to a table in the back of the room where a good-looking gray-haired man is seated between a pair of twins . 
 all three of them get to their feet when they see us . 
 even from here i can see the tears in their eyes . 
 the man rushes forward , takes his mother 's hand . 
 `` hi , mom . '' 
 his voice is shaky . 
 `` where 's dora ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` come on , mom . 
 your granddaughters are here . '' 
 the man tucks her into his side and leads her toward the table . 
 the nurse beside me shakes her head , makes a tsking sound . 
 `` poor mrs. gardiner . '' 
 another nurse joins us , stands beside me . 
 `` she spends all day waiting for her sister . '' 
 `` it 's sad . 
 dora 's been gone almost fifteen years . '' 
 i ease away from them and head toward the buffet line to help , but volunteers already stand shoulder to shoulder behind the food . 
 there 's no room for me . 
 i will do dishes , i guess . 
 i look around for bobby , but do n't see him . 
 from my place in the doorway , i try to get daniel 's attention and fail . 
 he 's deep in conversation with an elderly man who seems to want a mountain of hash browns . 
 i go out into the now-quiet halls . 
 `` bobby ? '' 
 when there is no answer , i go in search . 
 i find him in the recreation room , alone , playing with his action figures . 
 i hear his sound effects before i enter the room . 
 `` hey , kiddo . 
 what ` cha doing ? '' 
 he barely looks up at me . 
 `` i 'm too little . '' 
 i sit down on the plaid sofa behind him . 
 `` that wo n't be true for long . '' 
 he sits back on his heels . 
 the action figures fall to the side , forgotten . 
 `` mommy never said i was too little . 
 she always let me hand out napkins and stuff . '' 
 `` come here , bobby . '' 
 i pat the seat beside me . 
 he jumps up to the sofa and snuggles in close . 
 `` did you tell your dad you wanted to help ? '' 
 he shakes his head , looking miserable . 
 `` you have to tell people how you feel ... '' `` i 'm sorry , '' stacey said . 
 the memory shakes me . 
 suddenly i have a pounding headache . 
 i should have listened to her ... '' ... and give them a chance . '' 
 `` it 's hard , '' bobby says . 
 `` you 'll get no argument from me on that one , kiddo . '' 
 later , when i call my sister , it will be the most difficult thing i 've ever done . 
 daniel walks in . 
 `` there you are . 
 i 've been looking all over for you . '' 
 i smile at him over bobby 's head . 
 `` he was disappointed that he was too little to help serve . '' 
 bobby looks at me for encouragement . 
 at my nod , he turns back to his dad and says quietly , `` mommy always let me help . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , bobby . 
 i guess i 'm sorta learnin ' the ropes on this dad thing . '' 
 `` that 's what joy said . '' 
 daniel seems surprised by that . 
 `` she 's a smart woman , your joy . 
 and now , boyo , it 's time for church . '' 
 `` oh , '' bobby says quietly . 
 `` there 's nothing to be afraid of , '' daniel says . 
 `` i 'll hold your hand the whole time . 
 we 'll light a candle for your mum . 
 she 'd like that . '' 
 `` you wo n't let go ? '' 
 bobby asks his father . 
 `` i wo n't , '' daniel promises . 
 bobby looks at me . 
 `` you 'll stay with me ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 bobby takes a deep breath . 
 `` okay , '' he says . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 awash in light , the church looks like a small white jewel against the royal blue sky . 
 we stand on the sidewalk out front , daniel and i , with bobby between us . 
 all around us , people are talking to one another and funneling up the stone steps to the church . 
 `` do n't let go , daddy . '' 
 `` i wo n't , '' daniel says . 
 they 're a pair now , the two of them , holding fast . 
 like dorothy , the scarecrow , and the cowardly lion , we advance cautiously up the sidewalk toward the steps , which we take one at a time . 
 an elderly priest is positioned at the door . 
 he smiles at the sight of bobby . 
 `` welcome back , young robert , '' he says , his eyes bright . 
 `` we missed you . '' 
 bobby nods in answer and does n't slow down . 
 i can see how nervous he is , but he keeps moving . 
 one foot in front of the other . 
 `` you 're a brave boy , '' i say , feeling a swell of pride for this child who is learning young to fight his fear . 
 he leads us into the back row and slides into the pew . 
 i know he wants to be close to the door . 
 daniel and i bookend him , give him safety on both sides . 
 as people pour into the church and fill up the pews , bobby stands as straight as a newly cut board . 
 he does n't sit until the processional begins and the doors behind us bang shut . 
 it is then , when the pews are full and the doors are shut and the priest is blessing the congregation , that i realize how much i have missed my own faith . 
 i have n't been in church since my mom 's funeral . 
 for the next hour , we rise and kneel and rise again , and with each word spoken , each prayer reiterated , i feel a bit of myself return . 
 at the conclusion of the lord 's prayer , bobby looks up at his dad and whispers : `` c 'n mommy hear me in here ? '' 
 `` she can hear you everywhere , '' daniel answers . 
 bobby scrunches up his face and says , `` i 'm sorry i was mad at you , mommy , '' all in a single breath . 
 i hear daniel gasp . 
 `` oh , bobby ... '' bobby 's eyes glisten as he looks at his dad . 
 `` i told her i hated her . '' 
 daniel touches his son 's face , wipes his tears away . 
 `` she knows how much you love her , boyo . 
 no silly fight can change that . '' 
 the words are exactly what bobby needs to hear . 
 for the first time , i see his true smile . 
 it lights up his face , shows off all of his crooked , missing , and growing teeth . 
 when a hymn begins , bobby turns to the right page in the hymnal , and joins his clean , high voice with his father 's . 
 for the remainder of the mass , they stand side by side and hand in hand . 
 i watch them find their voices , and the sight of it fills my heart . 
 starting over . 
 i 'm seeing it . 
 for all my dreams of complex new beginnings and convoluted endings , it can all be as easy as this : a boy singing hymns again . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i close my eyes at that . 
 when i open them again , the mass is over . 
 people are crowding together , shaking hands , and talking to one another . 
 a ruddy-faced man turns to me , smiling . 
 `` how are you today ? '' 
 `` fine . 
 peace be with you . '' 
 i ca n't stop smiling . 
 i feel almost giddy with happiness . 
 i 'd forgotten this feeling . 
 we follow the crowd to the parking lot behind the church , where a group of carolers , dressed in old-fashioned victorian garb , is singing . 
 volunteers are handing out styrofoam cups full of hot cider and paper bags filled with hot nuts . 
 we stand at the back of the crowd , listening to the beautiful voices . 
 `` i ca n't see , dad . 
 pick me up . '' 
 daniel scoops bobby into his arms . 
 i move in close to daniel . 
 although people are all around us , listening to the carolers , whispering among themselves , sipping hot cider , i can hear only daniel 's quiet , even breathing . 
 the beat of it matches my heart . 
 and i think : this is it . 
 my moment . 
 if i 've learned nothing else in the past few days , it 's that happiness must be fought for . 
 i need to tell him how i feel tonight ; tomorrow , this adventure of mine will end . 
 at that , my heart starts hammering in my chest . 
 a headache flares behind my eyes . 
 i 've always been afraid to reach for what i want . 
 but not this time . 
 i wo n't let a panic attack stop me . 
 i turn to him . 
 `` daniel . '' 
 the carolers change songs . 
 i recognize the music , but ca n't quite place the song . 
 something is wrong . 
 there 's a buzzing in my head . 
 my vision is blurring . 
 `` can you hear me ? '' 
 i say , making my voice loud . 
 when he does n't look at me , i dare to touch him . 
 `` daniel ! '' 
 i am screaming his name suddenly , trying to grab him . 
 `` joy ? '' 
 bobby is looking at me . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i can see how scared he is . 
 and he can see how scared i am . 
 `` something 's wrong , '' i say . 
 i 'm moving away from them , but i do n't want to . 
 i fight to get back ; there are people everywhere . 
 i think i see stacey , standing in the crowd . 
 she 's crying and saying something , but i ca n't hear her . 
 but that 's not possible . 
 she has no idea where i am . 
 something is buzzing . 
 i can hear people talking , yelling . 
 do n't leave us , joy . 
 it 's bobby ... and it 's not . 
 i reach out , grab daniel 's sleeve . 
 `` help me . '' 
 `` dad , help her ! '' 
 `` joy ? '' 
 daniel whispers my name ; at least i think he does . 
 i ca n't hear anything over the buzzing in my ears . 
 my chest hurts . 
 the carolers change songs again . 
 i hear their voices : `` it came up-on a mid-night clear ... '' clear . '' 
 ... that glor-ious so-ng of old ... '' clear . 
 bobby is reaching for me , screaming . 
 `` joy , you promised . 
 you promised ... '' clear . 
 pain explodes in my chest , rattles my whole body , and the world goes black . 
 part two `` you see things and you say , ` why ? ' 
 but i dream things that never were and say , ` why not ? ' '' 
 - george bernard shaw t he next time i open my eyes , all i see is light , bright white and buzzing . 
 i am in bed , but it 's not my bed in room 1a . 
 the ceiling overhead is made up of white acoustical tiles with long tubes of fluorescent lighting . 
 there are people all around me , too , dressed in orange , moving in and out and around me like dancers . 
 i can see them talking to one another , but i ca n't hear anything except that buzzing in my ears and the whoosh-thunk of a machine that sounds like waves breaking on the beach . 
 on either side of me are machines that make noises . 
 i see a black television screen with a green graph that moves across it in waves . 
 i 'm in a hospital . 
 i must have collapsed in the park . 
 had a heart attack or something . 
 i try to move , to angle up to sit so that i can see more of the room around me , but my arms and legs feel useless , heavy . 
 `` bobby ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 my throat burns at the effort . 
 i 'm painfully thirsty . 
 `` daniel ? '' 
 `` hello , there , joy . 
 it 's nice to see you . '' 
 a man 's face swims in front of me . 
 i struggle to focus . 
 i can see him in pieces : snow white hair ... tan skin ... blue eyes ... a diamond earring . 
 it 's the man from the gas station . 
 `` wh ... t ? '' 
 i want to ask `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 but my tongue is n't working . 
 he gives me an ice chip to soothe my fiery throat . 
 `` do n't try to talk , joy . 
 you 've been intubated . 
 the soreness in your throat is normal . 
 i 'm dr. saunders . 
 you gave us all quite a scare . '' 
 `` who ? 
 ... '' are you ? 
 i do n't understand what 's happening and it scares me . 
 `` you just rest now . '' 
 the people in my room talk among themselves in whispered tones designed to keep me from hearing . 
 their faces are a sea of blurry circles ; everyone is frowning at me and pointing . 
 there is a lot of head-shaking going on . 
 one by one , they leave . 
 i can hear their footsteps walking away , and the opening and closing of a door . 
 then there are only the machines in here with me , making their noises-a click-buzz , a thunk-whoosh ; a blip-blip-blip . 
 and i am alone , unable to move , staring up at this unfamiliar ceiling . 
 poor bobby . 
 he must be terrified . 
 i wo n't leave you . 
 and here i am , in the hospital . 
 i want him here , beside my bed so that i can smile and tell him i 'm fine . 
 behind me , the door opens again . 
 footsteps move haltingly toward me . 
 it 's bobby . 
 thank god . 
 i feel a rush of sweet relief . 
 he 's knows i did n't leave him . 
 i 'm fine . 
 fine . 
 in my head , the protestation is vibrant and clear , but the sound that issues from my cracked , dry lips is barely a whisper and even that useless sound tires me . 
 instead , i try to lift my hand to show how fine i am . 
 `` joy ? '' 
 it 's the wrong voice ; not a boy 's . 
 it takes forever for me to turn my head , and when i do , the pillow puffs up around my face , blocking the view from my left eye . 
 i can see well enough , though . 
 she looks smaller , somehow , like a pencil that 's been used down to the nub . 
 her eyes are swollen and red ; there 's no mistaking the tear tracks on her cheeks . 
 stacey . 
 i do n't understand . 
 how is she here ? 
 how did she find me ? 
 `` wha ... here ? '' 
 she leans close , pushing the damp hair from my eyes . 
 her touch is quick , as if she 's not sure it will be welcomed . 
 almost before i feel it , she draws back . 
 `` i was so scared . '' 
 `` how '' did you `` fin ... '' me ? 
 i can see her answering me , but there 's something wrong . 
 i ca n't hear over the buzzing in my ears . 
 my head is pounding , too . 
 i want to ask her where bobby and daniel are , but my voice is turning against me . 
 all that comes out is , `` where ? '' 
 `` they airlifted you to bakersfield . 
 you 're home . '' 
 `` home ? '' 
 the word comes out sounding cracked . 
 i do n't understand . 
 it 's christmas `` eve ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm sorry . 
 i know how much you love the holidays . '' 
 what `` day ? '' 
 `` it 's the thirtieth . 
 you 've had a rough two weeks , but the doctors think you 're going to be okay now . '' 
 her words scatter like bbs on a kitchen table ; it 's impossible to grasp them all at once . 
 `` daniel ? '' 
 stacey frowns . 
 `` do you understand me , joy ? 
 you were in a plane crash , remember ? 
 the firemen rescued you moments before it exploded . 
 the doctors said you might have trouble with your memory . '' 
 rescued you . 
 firemen . 
 but i walked away from the crash , left my tattered life behind in the wreckage and went on an adventure . 
 if anyone rescued me , it was bobby and daniel . 
 i want to shake my head in denial , but i ca n't seem to move . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you were in a medically induced coma for almost ten days . 
 because of a head injury . '' 
 head injury . 
 it steals over me like a cold shadow , the meaning of her words . 
 she 's saying i 've been here , in this hospital bed , since the crash . 
 i do n't understand . 
 why would she lie to me ? 
 because i ran away , because i let her think i was dead ? 
 `` joy ? 
 what do you remember ? '' 
 daniel and bobby ... walking away ... dancing by the fire at the beach ... my heart starts pounding so fast i ca n't breathe . 
 beside me , a machine starts beeping . 
 `` lying , '' i accuse in a whisper . 
 at the word , and the effort behind it , my throat seems to catch fire . 
 as if from a distance , i hear my sister calling for someone . 
 within moments there are people in my room . 
 i see a needle . 
 `` quit thrashing , '' my sister says . 
 `` you 'll hurt yourself . '' 
 please be lying . 
 i feel myself fading to gray , closing my eyes . 
 the terrible sound in my head goes still . 
 lying . 
 i 'm flying above the rainforest , looking down at the brightly lit tiara of a town . 
 from a great and yawning distance , i see the black ribbon of a road . 
 moonlight gilds the center line and i follow it . 
 this time , i know i 'm dreaming . 
 i can hear the buzz of the fluorescent lighting overhead and the thunk-whoosh sound of the stork-like machine beside my bed . 
 there is also a kind of low-grade thrumming in my blood , a euphoria , that comes from an iv drip . 
 i guess it 's camouflaging a serious pain , but it 's masking it so well i do n't care . 
 from my place amid the silvery clouds , i see the comfort fishing lodge , tucked down along the glassy gray lake . 
 moonlight glitters on the water . 
 that 's where i want to be . 
 i close my eyes and make it happen . 
 when i open my eyes , i 'm in the lobby , pressed against the wall . 
 the room is still decorated . 
 the lights of the tree are on ; the mantel holds several lit candles amid the snowy town . 
 the stereo is playing bruce springsteen 's version of `` santa claus is coming to town . '' 
 i hear footsteps upstairs . 
 this old place rattles and groans as someone races down the hall overhead , then clatters down the stairs . 
 it is bobby . 
 he is at a full christmas morning run . 
 at the bottom of the stairs , he pivots left and rushes past me to room 1a . 
 he pulls the door open , yelling , `` joy ! '' 
 and disappears inside . 
 i picture him skidding to a stop beside the empty bed . 
 the sorrow i feel at that overwhelms me , making it difficult to breathe again . 
 daniel comes down the stairs and stops beside me . 
 i long to feel the warmth of him , but i ca n't . 
 i 'm close enough to see the tiny sleep lines that mark his cheek , to hear the soft strains of his breath , and yet i feel as if i 'm miles away . 
 `` boyo ? 
 i thought you 'd go straight to the tree . '' 
 bobby steps back into the hall . 
 he looks smaller somehow , younger . 
 his shoulders are slumped , his mouth is shaking . 
 i can see how hard he is trying not to cry . 
 `` she 's gone . '' 
 i try to go to him , but i ca n't push away from the wall . 
 my legs are like lead pipes . 
 bobby shuffles toward his father in that hangdog way of disappointed children everywhere . 
 `` she promised . 
 it 's just like mommy . '' 
 `` i 'm here , '' i say , desperately trying to reach out for him . 
 `` do n't say i 'm not here . '' 
 daniel pulls bobby into his arms . 
 i can tell that bobby is crying , but it 's nearly silent , the way of a boy who has learned too early to cry and is trying to hide it . 
 when bobby draws back , his eyes are red and watery . 
 `` remember what the doctor said ? '' 
 daniel asks , wiping his son 's tears with a gentle hand . 
 `` when you did n't need your imaginary friend anymore , she 'd leave . '' 
 `` she was n't imaginary , dad . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` she was n't . 
 you talked to her . '' 
 `` the doctors told me to pretend . '' 
 i feel as if i 've been struck . 
 i was bobby 's imaginary friend . 
 daniel never saw me . 
 i scream , `` it is n't true , '' but even as i say the words , i remember things . 
 the times daniel did n't look at me or speak to me . 
 when he did talk to me it was a pretense , at doctor 's orders , to make bobby feel loved . 
 like the time we danced . 
 now i recall that bobby pointed to where i was . 
 she 's right there , daddy . 
 dance with her . 
 `` i can be the one you talk to , bobby , '' daniel says . 
 his voice cracks . 
 i can see in his eyes how confused he is by all of this , and how afraid . 
 `` you do n't believe me , '' bobby says stubbornly . 
 he spins on his heel and marches over to the christmas tree , then squats in front of it . 
 at bobby 's movement , i am released . 
 i follow him , move when he does , where he does . 
 when he kneels at the tree , i sit on the hearth , as i have done so many times before . 
 to my left , the card table is still set up with candyland . 
 there are three men on the board . 
 i 'll move for joy , dad . 
 at that , another piece clicks into place . 
 whenever bobby and i played with action figures , he wanted me to be frodo , wearing the ring . 
 the ring that made frodo invisible . 
 bobby reaches underneath the tree and pulls out a small package . 
 it is a crudely wrapped cylinder with ribbons on each end . 
 we catch our breath at the same time , bobby and i . 
 it 's proof of my impossible journey , is n't it ? 
 `` look , dad . 
 this is from joy . '' 
 `` bobby ... '' `` open it . '' 
 daniel takes the cylinder in his hands ; it looks tiny and frail against his long , tanned fingers . 
 he unwraps it carefully , extracts the list . 
 as he reads it , he frowns . 
 then he looks at bobby . 
 `` how did you do this ? '' 
 `` it 's joy 's present to you . 
 she told me what to write . '' 
 he glances down at the list again . 
 i was here . 
 i was . 
 surely daniel will believe bobby now . 
 daniel looks down at his son . 
 `` you did this by yourself , '' he says quietly . 
 `` please admit it . '' 
 `` i could n't , dad , '' bobby answers earnestly . 
 in the silence that follows , daniel looks around . 
 `` is she here now ? '' 
 `` no . 
 she disappeared in the park . '' 
 `` see me , '' i say as loudly as i can . 
 daniel frowns . 
 i can see that he 's bothered by this . 
 he knows bobby did n't write that list on his own , but he does n't believe in me . 
 how could he ? 
 `` please believe me , '' bobby whispers . 
 `` it was n't like mommy . 
 or mr. patches . 
 i swear it was n't . '' 
 daniel stares at the list in his hand . 
 the paper shivers a little , as if he 's shaking . 
 then he looks at his son . 
 `` you need me to believe in magic . '' 
 bobby 's nod brings tears to his father 's eyes , and to mine . 
 `` mommy would believe me . '' 
 `` but ... '' `` whatever . '' 
 bobby sighs . 
 it is a terrible , harrowing sound ; in it , i hear his defeat . 
 at last , daniel says , `` well , i 'm irish , and we 're a crazy lot . '' 
 bobby draws in a sharp breath . 
 it 's the sound of hope , this time . 
 `` nana used to say a leprechaun lived in her cookie jar . '' 
 daniel smiles at that . 
 `` my point exactly . 
 i guess , boyo , for you i can try to believe , too . 
 but you 'll have to show me how . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` really . '' 
 `` how do i show you ? '' 
 daniel shrugs . 
 `` tell me about her , i guess . 
 keep talking until i believe . '' 
 bobby hurls himself into his father 's arms . 
 i see the way daniel holds his son , with a ferocity that is borne of desperate love . 
 when bobby draws back , they are both smiling . 
 see me , i whisper , wanting it so much my chest hurts . 
 please . 
 `` can we open presents now ? '' 
 `` aye . '' 
 bobby runs to the tree and starts dispersing gifts . 
 most of them collect in a pile on the coffee table . 
 on his last pass , he reaches deep under the tree and pulls out the orange dr. seuss book . 
 it has a yellow ribbon stuck dead center . 
 carrying it carefully , he hands it to his dad , who is now seated on the sofa . 
 `` you 're giving me your favorite book , boyo ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 bobby sits down next to daniel , then opens the book . 
 `` you want me to read to you ? '' 
 daniel asks , frowning . 
 `` how about ... '' `` be quiet . 
 i got ta think . '' 
 he scrunches up his face , concentrating hard . 
 one syllable at a time , he sounds out the words . 
 `` i ... am ... sam . 
 sam ... i ... am ... '' `` bobby . '' 
 `` sshh , daddy . ' 
 i ... do ... not ... like ... green ... eggs ... and ... ham . ' '' 
 i listen to bobby 's sweet , stumbling voice , but it is daniel to whom i look . 
 at first he is sitting upright , in control , but as his son sounds out the words , i see daniel 's control wash away . 
 everything about him softens-the look in his green eyes , the shelf of his broad shoulders , and the hard line of his spine . 
 love . 
 never have i seen it so clearly or longed for it more desperately . 
 i 'm part of this , i say to them . 
 see me , too . 
 when bobby finishes the book , he looks up at his dad . 
 `` you 're cryin ' . 
 did i do bad ? '' 
 daniel touches his son 's cheek . 
 `` your mum would be so proud of you . '' 
 tears sting my eyes , make everything blurry , and i 'm glad . 
 i need this moment to be out of focus . 
 `` joy taught me every day . '' 
 daniel stares down at his son for a long moment . 
 `` did she now ? 
 then i guess your joy has a place here , does n't she ? '' 
 `` i miss her , dad . '' 
 `` i know , but you 've got your old man , and he 's not going anywhere . '' 
 `` you promise ? '' 
 i can hear the fear in bobby 's voice , and in the sound , i make sense of it all . 
 that 's been bobby 's fear all along . 
 that he would be alone . 
 it was the same fear that caused me to board the airplane bound for hope . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 i lean forward . 
 it is as much movement as i can make . 
 `` believe in me , '' i say desperately , willing them to see with their hearts . 
 i focus all my mind on it , thinking over and over again : believe . 
 the effort takes everything i have . 
 when i 'm done , i can hardly breathe . 
 i feel my heartbeat speed up again . 
 the world starts to go fuzzy and out of focus . 
 i am fading . 
 fading . 
 i reach out for something to hold on to . 
 there 's nothing . 
 i close my eyes and scream : no ! 
 when i open my eyes again , i see bright white lights . 
 a nurse is standing by my bed . 
 it is the woman i `` met '' at the doctor 's office in my dream . 
 `` how are we today ? '' 
 she asks in her completely familiar voice . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i manage , closing my eyes again . 
 i try to find my way back to the rainforest , but , this time , all i see is darkness . 
 i want to be on the drugs again . 
 instead , i am fully awake now , and sitting up in bed . 
 there are so many people clustered around me that i ca n't see the walls behind them . 
 a sheen of light hugs the ceiling , coming from a window i ca n't see . 
 i find myself listening for the rain . 
 but i am in bakersfield now ; it 's the thirty-first of december , and the sun is shining outside . 
 `` i do n't understand what you 're saying . 
 tell me again . '' 
 the people gathered around me frown . 
 i recognize all of them . 
 there 's stacey , of course . 
 she has n't left the room since i woke up , except to go out for food or-no doubt-to call thom . 
 and the nurse i saw in my dream . 
 she 's the day nurse who has been taking care of me . 
 the ruddy-faced man from church is the orthopedist who put my right leg back together . 
 apparently i 'm held together by a titanium pin of some kind . 
 this is more than i can say for my mind , which is held together lately by nothing . 
 the gas station guy is my cardiologist ; he brought me back to life , though the real credit goes to a man and boy who probably do n't exist . 
 `` your right leg was broken just below the knee . 
 and your concussion was quite severe . 
 we worried about swelling of the brain for several days , '' says the gas station attendant , whom i now have to start calling dr. saunders . 
 i want to make a joke about having a bigger brain , but words fail me . 
 `` with a little physical therapy , you 'll be fine , '' my sister says . 
 the council nods in unison like bobbleheads in the backseat of a car . 
 `` can i still ice skate ? '' 
 i ask , although i have n't ice skated since melinda carter 's ninth birthday party . 
 dr. saunders frowns . 
 this is a question he did n't anticipate . 
 `` in time , certainly , but ... '' `` never mind . '' 
 i try to smile . 
 `` when can i go home ? '' 
 the head bobbing starts again . 
 this is a question they like . 
 `` you 'll have to take it easy for a while , '' says dr. saunders . 
 i look down at my casted right leg . 
 no kidding . 
 `` but if you 're careful , and barring any unforeseen complications , we think you can go home in a few days . '' 
 i want to smile for them . 
 i really do . 
 i know how hard they have all worked to help me so that i can go home . 
 alone . 
 `` that 's great . '' 
 i see how stacey looks at me . 
 she knows what i 'm thinking . 
 it is a bond that has been in place a long time , and apparently neither anger nor betrayal can break it . 
 `` thanks , '' i say , meaning it . 
 as a group , they leave , and we are left alone , stacey and i. neither one of us speaks . 
 we obviously do n't know what to say , how to start . 
 it 's up to me ; i know that . 
 she has already made her move-she invited me to her wedding . 
 it 's why i 'm lying here , hooked up to machines and held together by a metal pin . 
 i sit up , reposition the pillows . 
 the minute i 'm up here , i know it 's a mistake . 
 there 's no way to avoid seeing stacey 's stomach . 
 she has gained a few pounds already . 
 she notices where i 'm looking . 
 `` i 'm surprised you have n't thrown me out , '' she says , softly . 
 i can hear the longing in her voice , the missing of me , and it reminds me of a dozen memories of our youth . 
 `` at your current weight , i 'd need some kind of catapult . '' 
 she wants to smile at my lame joke ; i can see the desire . 
 but she does n't . 
 probably she ca n't . 
 neither can i. `` i have n't gained that much . '' 
 `` if i had two good legs , i 'd kick your ass , though . '' 
 `` stop , '' stacey says . 
 `` you always make jokes when you 're hurting . '' 
 and there it is : the core of everything . 
 we 're sisters . 
 we know each other intimately . 
 our pasts , our secrets , our fears . 
 it is a precious gift that we tried to throw away but ca n't really let go of . 
 stacey bites her lower lip . 
 it 's what she 's done her whole life when she 's scared . 
 `` i 'm sorry , joy . 
 i do n't know how it happened . 
 i did n't mean ... '' i hold up my hand . 
 of all the things we could say now , the hows and whys of what happened are at the bottom of my list . 
 but i make my move too late ; her words get through , make me angry ... and hurt me . 
 `` you make it sound like you slipped on a banana peel and fell on my husband . '' 
 `` so what do we do ? '' 
 the soft tenor of her voice , the trembling of her lip , the regret in her eyes ; i see it all , and in seeing it , seeing her , i lose that spark of anger , just let it go . 
 when the plane was going down , it was stacey whom i thought about . 
 that 's what i need to always remember now . 
 `` we find a way to get past it . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` who are you and what have you done with my sister ? '' 
 `` now who 's trying to be funny ? '' 
 stacey stares down at me with a combination of awe and gratitude . 
 `` two weeks ago you hated me . '' 
 `` i never hated you , stace , '' i say the words softly , realizing almost before i 've finished that they 're not enough . 
 what i want to say , need to say , now before i lose my nerve is what i learned in the rainforest : `` we 're sisters . '' 
 at that , stacey starts to cry . 
 i wait for her to say something , but she remains quiet . 
 maybe , like me , she 's wondering how exactly we move forward from here . 
 `` it wo n't be easy , '' i say . 
 she wipes her eyes . 
 `` what is ? '' 
 taking a small step closer , she looks down at me , pushes a strand of hair from my eyes . 
 `` i am sorry , you know . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` when i was in the rainforest , '' i stop abruptly , realizing what i was about to say . 
 `` what rainforest ? '' 
 i try to smile and fail . 
 `` if i told you , you 'd think i was brain damaged . 
 or crazy . '' 
 `` you 're the most level-headed person i know . '' 
 i look at her closely , trying to gauge how much to say . 
 `` on television , i heard you tell the reporters you were hoping i 'd come back to you . '' 
 stacey frowns . 
 `` how - ? '' 
 `` just answer me . 
 did you say that ? '' 
 `` i did . 
 i prayed every day that you 'd wake up and come back . '' 
 somehow , i saw that real broadcast from a fake world . 
 `` and you were wearing the yellow outfit i bought you . '' 
 stacey nods slowly , then leans forward , rests her arms on the rail . 
 `` you never saw that broadcast . 
 you were in a coma . '' 
 who can i tell if not my sister ? 
 and i need to tell someone . 
 i 'm like the `` i see dead people '' kid . 
 if i try to handle this all alone , i 'll go nuts . 
 `` after the crash , i woke up ... '' she shakes her head . 
 `` no . 
 you never regained consciousness . 
 the paramedics ... '' `` crazy , remember ? '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` anyway , i was in this clearing . 
 there was smoke everywhere , and fire , and loud noises , and ... mom . '' 
 stacey goes very still . 
 `` you saw her ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` she knelt beside me and told me it was n't my time . '' 
 i lean forward slightly , desperate to be told i 'm not insane , even though i know i must be . 
 `` tell me i 'm wacko . '' 
 `` in the field ... your heart stopped for almost a minute . 
 you were legally dead . '' 
 i release a deep breath . 
 there 's a strange sense of peace that comes with the news . 
 `` she made me wake up . 
 when i did , i saw how alone i was , how far from the survivors . 
 at first , i was going to go to them and get rescued , then i thought of you and i changed my mind . 
 i walked away from the crash and ended up in some little town in washington . '' 
 `` you know the plane crashed about one hundred miles northeast of here ? '' 
 it shakes me , that new bit of information . 
 `` i was never even in washington state ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i 'll think about that later . 
 for now , since i 've started on my mad story , i want to finish it . 
 `` i found a run-down resort called the comfort fishing lodge and got a room . 
 there was a boy there , and a man . '' 
 stacey holds up a hand to stop me . 
 `` wait a second . '' 
 she runs to the corner of the room , where my purse is on a mustard-yellow plastic seat . 
 beside it is my camera . 
 `` my camera , '' i whisper . 
 `` did you develop my film ? '' 
 `` huh ? 
 no . '' 
 stacey digs through my black leather tote and finally pulls out a magazine , then hurries back to my side . 
 `` i read this while you were in surgery . '' 
 she opens it to a page , hands it to me . 
 it 's the article on the comfort fishing lodge . 
 `` i was looking at this in the airport . '' 
 i feel as if i 'm unraveling , coming apart . 
 this is where it began . 
 in my subconscious . 
 i looked at the pictures of this place and longed to go there . 
 and a morph ** e drip made it possible . 
 `` this article says the lodge was torn down in 2003 , to make way for a corporate retreat . '' 
 torn down . 
 `` does it mention a daniel ? '' 
 stacey scans the pages . 
 `` no . 
 the resort was built by mr. and mrs. melvin hightower . 
 they moved to arizona when the zimon corporation purchased it . 
 the new place hosts corporate shindigs and self-help seminars . '' 
 there is no comfort fishing lodge . 
 i was never there . 
 no doubt daniel is my neurologist and bobby is some nurse 's son who darted into my room for a second while i was sleeping . 
 `` joy , are you okay ? '' 
 i close my eyes so she wo n't see my tears . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` you 're scaring me . '' 
 i finally look at her . 
 through my tears , i can see how worried she is . 
 i wish i could reassure her , but i ca n't . 
 `` will you develop my film ? '' 
 `` are you sure you want me to ? '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` stace , i 'm not sure about anything . '' 
 i am like an autistic with a puzzle . 
 for the rest of my hospital stay , i study the pieces , putting them together in a dozen ways in an attempt to see the whole picture . 
 they tell me i did n't walk away from the crash and i do n't believe they 're lying . 
 i 've seen the newspaper stories-complete with photographs that made me physically ill . 
 several of the passengers , including riegert , reported seeing me carried off the plane . 
 as soon as they found my purse and identification , they called stacey . 
 i may be brain damaged and hallucinatory and drug addled , but i 'm not stupid . 
 i can add up the evidence . 
 i never walked away from the crash . 
 that 's what i know . 
 somehow i have to make it what i believe . 
 if i could remember the crash , maybe that would make everything real . 
 but the shrinks who now circle me like sharks in bloody water , think i 'll never remember . 
 `` too traumatic , '' they say . 
 i tell them `` remembering '' daniel and bobby hurts me more . 
 they do n't like that , the brain experts . 
 whenever i mention my adventure , they make tsk-tsk sounds and shake their heads . 
 only stacey lets me talk about bobby and daniel as if they 're real , and that-the simple act of her silent acceptance-somehow draws us together again . 
 it seems , after all , that i am not the only one who has been changed by my near death . 
 the nurses tell me that stacey was my champion throughout it all , demanding the best for me , and organizing prayer and candlelight vigils in town . 
 last night , she even slept in my room ; this morning , she was up at the crack of dawn , readying my discharge papers . 
 `` are you ready to go ? '' 
 now she is standing by the door . 
 a nurse is next to her , with an empty wheelchair . 
 `` i 'm ready . '' 
 i could knit a sweater in the time it takes me to get out of bed and into the wheelchair . 
 no one seems to notice but me . 
 and then we are off , tooling down the hallway . 
 everyone i see says : `` good bye , joy . 
 good luck . '' 
 i mumble thanks and try to look happy about going home . 
 outside , stacey rolls me over to a brand-new red minivan . 
 `` new car , huh ? '' 
 `` thom got it for me for christmas , '' she says . 
 thom . 
 it is the first time she 's said his name to me . 
 we stare at each other for an uncomfortable moment longer , then she helps me into the passenger seat . 
 on the drive home we try to find things to say , but it is n't easy . 
 suddenly , it 's as if my ex-husband is in the backseat , scenting the air between us with his aftershave . 
 `` i got your car from the airport , '' stacey says as she turns onto mullen avenue . 
 it seems like a year ago that i turned into the long-term parking area . 
 `` how was the tree ? 
 did it catch fire on the drive home ? '' 
 `` the tree was fine . 
 i donated it to the nursing home on sunset . '' 
 that 's right . 
 the tree was only strapped onto my car for a day or so . 
 not the week i imagined . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 stacey pulls into my driveway and parks . 
 `` you 're home . '' 
 there are cars everywhere , and lights are on all up and down the street , but the neighborhood is strangely silent for late afternoon . 
 for almost ten years i have lived in this house , on this street , and yet , just now , looking at it , i wonder if it ever really was my home . 
 rather , it was where i passed the time between shifts at the high school and tried to make a failing marriage into something it could never be . 
 the comfort lodge ... -lrb- which does n't apparently exist -rrb- ... now that 's a home . 
 do n't go there , joy . 
 stacey comes around to my door and helps me out . 
 she gets me situated on my crutches and together , moving slowly , we make our way around the yard . 
 we are at the corner , by the huge , winter-dead lilac tree that was our first investment in the yard , when a crowd of people surge out from behind the house , yelling , `` surprise ! '' 
 i stumble to a halt . 
 stacey places a hand in the small of my back to steady me . 
 there must be two hundred people in front of me ; most are holding lit candles , several hold up signs that say `` welcome home , joy . '' 
 the first person to come forward is gracie leon-a girl i suspended last semester for defacing all three copies of to kill a mockingbird . 
 `` we prayed for you , mrs. candellaro . '' 
 a young man comes forward next , stands beside gracie . 
 willie schmidt . 
 seven years ago , he was my fourth period teacher 's assistant . 
 now he has students of his own at a local high school . 
 `` welcome back , '' he says , handing me a beautiful pink box . 
 inside it are hundreds of cards . 
 mary moro is next . 
 she 's a junior this year , and head cheerleader . 
 she holds out a christmas cactus in a white porcelain bowl . 
 `` i bought this with my babysitting money , mrs. candellaro . 
 remember when you said the only plant you could keep alive was a cactus ? '' 
 then i see bertie and rayla from work ; they stand pressed together like a pair of salt and pepper shakers . 
 both of them have left their families to be here . 
 my throat is so full i can hardly nod . 
 it 's all i can do to whisper , `` thanks . '' 
 they surge toward me , all talking at once . 
 we stand in the yard , talking and laughing and sharing the surface connections of our lives . 
 no one mentions the plane crash , but i feel their curiosity ; unasked questions hang behind other words . 
 i wonder if and when it will become a thing i can talk about . 
 by the time they finally start to leave , night is falling on madrona lane . 
 the streetlamps are coming on . 
 my sister guides me to my front door and unlocks it . 
 my house , on my return , is as silent as it was when i left . 
 `` i put you in the downstairs bedroom , '' stacey says , and our thoughts veer onto an ugly road . 
 we are both remembering the day i came home to find her in my bed . 
 it is not the first time our thoughts have gone here and it wo n't be the last . 
 our recent past is like a speed bump ; you slow down and go over it , then drive on your way again . 
 `` good thinking , '' i say . 
 she helps me get settled in the downstairs guest room . 
 when i 'm in bed , she brings me several books , a plate of cheese and crackers , a big gulp from the local mini mart , the television remote and my wireless laptop . 
 i notice a magazine in with the books . 
 it 's the same redbook i was reading in the lodge . 
 `` that 's pretty old , '' i say , pointing to it . 
 stacey glances at the magazine , then shrugs . 
 `` i read it to you in the hospital almost every day . 
 there was a great article in it on refurbishing a log cabin that used to be a bed and breakfast . 
 remember when you wanted to be an innkeeper ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' is all i can say . 
 no wonder my comfort lodge was in need of repair . 
 stacey props my cast onto a pillow , then steps back . 
 `` will you be okay for the night ? 
 i could stay . '' 
 `` no . 
 your ... thom will miss you . '' 
 `` he wants to see you . '' 
 `` does he ? 
 that 's quite a turn around . '' 
 we stare at each other ; neither of us knows where to go after that . 
 `` it 's like napalm , the way it comes and goes , '' stacey says . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` i can stay . '' 
 `` go home to your ... '' despite my best intentions , i trip up . 
 what do i call him , my ex-husband ? 
 her lover ? 
 boyfriend ? 
 what ? 
 `` fiance . '' 
 she stares at me hard , biting her lip . 
 i know she wants to say just the right thing , as if the perfect words are a bleach that can remove this stain between us . 
 the silence lingers , turns awkward . 
 i want to mention her wedding , perhaps even say i 'll be there , but i do n't know if i dare promise such a thing . 
 i can see how the quiet between us wounds her . 
 she tries valiantly to smile . 
 `` did you tell mom about me and thom , by the way ? '' 
 `` you think that 's what was on my mind when i was dying ? '' 
 `` you always were a tattletale . '' 
 i ca n't help smiling at that . 
 her words take us back to a time when there was no silence between us . 
 suddenly we 're six and seven again , fighting in the smelly backseat of mom 's vw bus . 
 `` you 're right . 
 and , yes , i told her . '' 
 `` what did she say ? '' 
 `` she told me to wake up . 
 it 's good advice . '' 
 stacey reaches out , brushes the hair from my eyes . 
 `` when you were ... sleeping , i did n't think i 'd get another chance with you . '' 
 i do n't know what to say except , `` i know . '' 
 the nurses have told me that her devotion to me was legendary . 
 `` i was there at the hospital , you know , '' she says . 
 `` from the second we heard . 
 i almost never left . '' 
 it 's what i would have done for her , too . 
 `` i missed you , stace . '' 
 she finally smiles . 
 `` i missed you , too . '' 
 by the end of my first week at home , i 'm ready to scream . 
 i spend the better part of my days on pain pills , trying not to move . 
 everything hurts , but pain is not the worst of it . 
 what i hate most are the nights . 
 i lie in bed , staring up at my ceiling , trying to tell myself that the rainforest was a construct of my own mind . 
 before the plane crash , i was lost and lonely , desperate to want someone and be wanted in return . 
 i can admit it now ; losing both my sister and my husband unhinged me somehow . 
 without them , i was adrift . 
 so i made up the man i wanted to love me and the boy i wanted to love . 
 in the cold light of day , it makes sense . 
 i was tired of hot , dry bakersfield ; i imagined a magical world of green grass and towering trees and impossible mist . 
 on paper , it pencils out , makes perfect sense in a psych 101 kind of way . 
 at night , however , it 's different . 
 then , the darkness-and my loneliness-just goes on and on and on . 
 for the first time in my life , i ca n't read to pass the time . 
 every hero becomes daniel ; every heartfelt moment makes me sob . 
 even movies are useless . 
 when i turn on the television i remember miracle on 34th street and the grinch ; not to mention the fifteen winnie-the-pooh videos we watched . 
 god help me , in the darkness , i believe . 
 over and over again , i try to `` return . '' 
 each attempt and failure diminishes my hope . 
 i ca n't stand it . 
 it 's time for me to either fish or cut bait . 
 i 've spent too long floating on a drug sea , dreaming of one place , and sitting in another . 
 i need to believe in my rainforest , to find it , or to let it go . 
 it 's a cinch what my shrink would advise . 
 there 's no room in the real world for the kind of fantasy realm i 've imagined . 
 but i keep thinking of moments-the way daniel and i said `` fate '' at the same time ; the way our wish on the star was the same . 
 the television broadcast with stacey . 
 i did n't hear her broadcast from my coma ; i saw it . 
 and there 's the fix-it list bobby had on christmas morning . 
 maybe that was somehow real . 
 if it was , i was there , however impossible that sounds . 
 what i need is evidence . 
 and if there 's one thing a librarian can do , it 's research . 
 throwing the covers back , i hobble out of bed , get my crutches and then turn on all the lights . 
 in the garage , i find what i 'm looking for : my files . 
 i take several-the pacific northwest , washington , and north american rainforests . 
 clutching the manila folders to my side , i return to the desk in my living room . 
 beneath a light bright enough to dispel shadows and sharp enough to illuminate the truth , i begin laying out my materials , organizing them into piles . 
 then i turn on my laptop and search the web . 
 it does n't take long to identify the core problem . 
 all i know about my dream life is that it took place in a rainforest in washington state . 
 according to a googled statistic , the olympic national forest is roughly the size of massachusetts . 
 and i am trying to find one-imaginary-lakeside town that probably has a population of less than one thousand people . 
 oh , and let 's not forget that i do n't know the name of the town , or the lake , or daniel and bobby 's last name . 
 a woman less impressionable might say that if fate exists , it does n't want me to find my way back . 
 still , i trudge ahead , unwilling-unable , maybe-to give up . 
 i make my own map , underline possible towns and lakes and call information for each city i can find . 
 there is no listing for a comfort fishing lodge . 
 then i call realtors . 
 there are two fishing lodges for sale in the area ; i 've gotten e-mail photos of both . 
 neither is the one i remember . 
 finally , nearly eight hours after i begin my search , i shut my laptop and lay my head on top of it , closing my eyes . 
 by now , the walls of my living room are studded with pieces of paper-maps , photographs , articles . 
 the place looks like a task force command center . 
 and none of it helps . 
 i do n't know exactly how long i remain there . 
 at some point , i hear a car drive up . 
 i glance up , and see stacey 's van pull into the driveway . 
 i grab my crutches and head for the entry . 
 at her first knock , i open the door . 
 she is on my porch , holding a casserole pan in gloved hands . 
 it 's mom 's chicken divan recipe . 
 chicken , cheese , mayonnaise , and broccoli . 
 `` i guess you forgot about them restarting my heart . '' 
 stacey pales . 
 `` oh . 
 i did n't ... '' `` i 'm just kidding . 
 it looks great . 
 thanks . '' 
 i wobble around and make my way back to the living room . 
 stacey veers into the kitchen , probably puts the casserole in the oven , and then joins me . 
 in the living room , she comes to a dead stop . 
 her gaze moves from wall to wall , where papers hang in grape-like bunches . 
 `` welcome to obsessionville , '' i say . 
 there 's no point in trying to explain . 
 i make my halting way to the sofa and sit down , planting my casted foot on the coffee table . 
 `` i 'm searching for the town . '' 
 `` the one you never went to . '' 
 `` that 's the one . '' 
 stacey sits in the chair opposite me . 
 `` i 'm worried about you . 
 thom says ... '' `` let 's not start a conversation like that . 
 it 's your turn to care about what he says . '' 
 `` you 've been home almost seven days and you have n't let anyone visit except me . 
 and now ... '' she lifts her hand to indicate the walls . 
 `` this . '' 
 `` bertie and rayla have both stopped by . '' 
 stacey gives me `` the look . '' 
 `` bertie called me because you said you were too tired to see her . '' 
 `` i 'm in pain . '' 
 `` is that really it ? '' 
 `` what are you , my keeper ? '' 
 i do n't want to explain the inexplicable . 
 `` it 's that dream , is n't it ? '' 
 i sigh , feeling my defenses crumble . 
 all i can tell her now is the sad truth . 
 `` i ca n't let go of it . 
 i know it 's crazy-that i 'm crazy-but the pictures are so familiar . 
 i know how it smells there and feels there , how the mist floats up from the grass in the morning . 
 how do i know these things ? 
 maybe when you develop my film , i 'll get an answer . '' 
 it 's the dream i 've clung to . 
 as i say the words , i see my sister frown . 
 it 's a quick expression , there and gone , but if there 's one thing sisters recognize in each other , it 's a secret being kept . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what what ? '' 
 `` you 're hiding something from me , and , given that your last big secret was my husband , i 'm ... '' stacey stands . 
 turning away , she walks out of the room . 
 a few moments later she 's back , carrying a manila envelope . 
 `` here . '' 
 i take it from her , though if i had two good legs , my instinct is to run . 
 `` i wo n't like this , will i ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 stacey 's voice is soft ; that makes me more nervous . 
 i open the envelope and find photographs inside . 
 i look up at stacey , who shakes her head . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 the envelope drops from my grasp . 
 i turn through the pictures . 
 when i get to the few taken in the airport , i gasp . 
 there 's the plane , before the crash , and the crowd of hunters waiting to board , and the interior before takeoff . 
 riegert , giving his buddy the thumbs up . 
 after that , nothing . 
 no photos of the lodge or the rainforest or the lake . 
 no spiderwebs dripping with dew , no clusters of old growth trees and the giant ferns at their feet . 
 just twenty-nine empty gray pictures . 
 `` i was n't there , '' i say slowly , feeling it for the first time . 
 `` i 'm sorry , joy , '' stacey says after a moment , `` but you have a real life here . 
 and people who love you . 
 rayla says students ask about you every day . '' 
 i can hear my sister talking , but the words are like smoke , drifting past me . 
 all i can think about is the boy who made me promise to stay for christmas . 
 my heart feels like it 's breaking down the middle ; it 's hard to breathe . 
 it takes all my self-control not to cry at the smoky , blank photographs . 
 still , i know what i 'm supposed to say , what she wants to hear . 
 `` i 'm sure everything will be fine when i start working again . '' 
 `` do n't you miss it ? ' 
 it takes me a minute to hear her . 
 i look up . 
 `` miss what ? '' 
 `` the library . 
 you used to love it . '' 
 i know stacey hears herself say love it ; all i hear is used to . 
 `` what i love does n't seem to exist . '' 
 `` you 're starting to scare me . '' 
 `` join the club , little sister . '' 
 it is amazing how quickly a bone can heal . 
 if only the heart were as durable . 
 a little plaster , two months of bed rest , and voila ! 
 your broken heart is mended . 
 i wish it were true . 
 by late february , i am moving well again . 
 my headaches are all but gone and my leg is coming along nicely , according to the battalion of doctors who oversee my care . 
 they urge me to consider returning to work , though , to be honest , i have trouble contemplating my future . 
 it 's because of the nights . 
 alone in my bed , i ca n't control or corral my thoughts . 
 in sleep , i dream about the comfort lodge and daniel and bobby . 
 even during the stark , bright daylight hours , i have problems . 
 no matter what i 'm supposed to be doing , i keep drifting northward in my mind . 
 everything reminds me of the pseudo-memories i ca n't let go of . 
 my psychiatrist-the newest member of the post-crash-save-joy-team tells me that what i 've experienced is not that uncommon . 
 apparently lots of head cases are head cases , if you know what i mean . 
 my shrink says it 's because i 'm not happy with my real life . 
 she thinks i 've let the accident paralyze me emotionally , and that when i wake up , i 'll quit needing a forest mirage as my ideal . 
 i tell her she 's wrong . 
 i was emotionally paralyzed before the crash . 
 this is just same old-same old . 
 the difference is , now i know what i want . 
 i just ca n't find it . 
 before the crash , i wanted thom back . 
 now i 'm actually happy he 's gone . 
 i worry for my sister that it 's dangerous to love a man who has already betrayed one wife , but she has made her choice , and truthfully , at his heart , thom is a good man . 
 i can only hope he 'll be a good husband to my sister . 
 i 'm so deep in thought , i 'm surprised when i hear my doorbell ring . 
 i glance at the clock . 
 it 's twelve-fifteen . 
 as usual , she 's right on time with my lunch . 
 `` come in , '' i say , getting to my feet , reaching for the crutches . 
 stacey comes in , carrying a stack of magazines and videos . 
 they have become her peace offerings , these things she collects for me , her way of saying she does n't think i 'm crazy , even though i 'm sure she does . 
 `` these are the newest sunset magazines-two have articles on rainforest getaways-four local sunday newspapers , and two movies shot up there . 
 harry and the hendersons , about a sasquatch , and double jeopardy . '' 
 we both know how much it means to me , these pointless , silly gifts ; we also know it wo n't do any good . 
 i 'm not going to suddenly `` see '' where i 've imagined . 
 the walls of my downstairs are now entirely covered with maps and photographs . 
 none of the butter yellow walls beneath can be seen . 
 i take the pile of things from stacey , knowing i will watch or read each item carefully . 
 knowing , too , that all i 'll find are images that strike a chord but create no real memory . 
 while stacey puts things away in the kitchen , i go into my living room and sit down on the sofa . 
 in the new sunset magazine , i see a photograph of the hoh rainforest that makes me feel homesick for a place that does n't exist . 
 `` joy ? '' 
 i look up to see stacey holding a tray of croissant sandwiches . 
 it is n't until i see the look on her face that i realize i 'm crying . 
 `` maybe i should n't bring you this stuff . '' 
 `` i need them , '' i hear the panicked edge in my voice . 
 so does she . 
 she sets the tray down on the coffee table . 
 `` you have to come into the real world . '' 
 her voice is tentative ; i know she 's wanted to say this for a long time , but has been afraid . 
 we are not yet the sisters we once were , who could say anything to each other . 
 she plucks up a sandwich , sets it on a napkin and sits across from me . 
 `` the real world , '' i say softly , putting the magazine aside . 
 getting up , i make my awkward way to the window . 
 there i stand on my good leg , staring out at the houses across the street . 
 now , in the winter , the lawns are dead and brown , as are the trees . 
 there has n't been a leaf on the road for months . 
 everything on the block is gray or brown , it seems , and the pale sunlight only manages to dull it all . 
 `` last night i dreamt i was stuck right here , '' i say , without turning to look at stacey . 
 `` watching life pass me by . 
 in my dream , i could see your house . 
 your lights were always on ; there were kids in your yard . 
 one of them was a quiet , watchful girl who always waited her turn . 
 you named her joy . 
 and here i was , stuck . 
 wrinkling like a dying grape , going gray , wanting . '' 
 i take a deep breath and turn around to face her . 
 there 's something i need to tell her ; something i probably should have admitted before . 
 `` you were n't the only reason i got on that plane . 
 most of it , maybe , but not all . 
 i was so tired of who i 'd become . '' 
 stacey does n't respond to that . 
 i 'm not surprised . 
 she does n't know what to say , and she does n't want to say the wrong thing . 
 our relationship is fragile ; we both handle it like hot glass . 
 `` you ca n't understand , '' i finally say . 
 how could she ? 
 my sister never let anything pass her by . 
 she 's never been a spectator . 
 `` are you kidding ? '' 
 she stares at me as if i am a science exhibit under glass . 
 `` you think i do n't know about wanting more ? '' 
 `` you were a cheerleader , for gosh sake , and homecoming queen . 
 and now you 're pregnant and in love . '' 
 `` sixteen years ago i was a cheerleader , joy . 
 when you went off to college , i stayed in bakersfield and worked dead-end jobs . '' 
 `` but you met chris ... '' `` and he did n't just break my heart , he shattered it , remember ? '' 
 she sighs . 
 `` i used to watch your life and feel like such a failure . 
 you came home from college in love with thom and had the perfect wedding and then got the great job at the high school . 
 you succeeded at everything you tried . 
 i hated always being in your shadow . '' 
 i frown . 
 `` is that why you moved away ? '' 
 `` i thought a big city would help , but in sacramento i felt even more lost . 
 it was too busy for me . 
 so i came back here and used my divorce settlement to buy a house , but i still could n't manage to get a decent job . 
 it 's tough when you 're twenty-eight years old with no husband and no education-especially when your sister seems to have it all . '' 
 `` you should have come to me . '' 
 `` i tried . '' 
 i want to tell her it 's not true , but we 're well past the lying-to-each-other stage . 
 the last year has given us that , at least . 
 i glance out the window ; anything is better than looking at her . 
 `` i know you did , but i was barely hanging on . 
 thom and i were fighting like crazy . '' 
 `` i know , '' she says softly . 
 `` i came over one day to talk to you , and found him at home . '' 
 so that 's how it had begun . 
 i 'd wanted to know , though i never would have asked . 
 now that she 's planted the words , i see them grow : how they were friends first , my sister and my husband , commiserating about their disappointed lives , then commiserating about me , then finding solace in each other . 
 `` it took him a long time to tell me how unhappy he was , but once he did ... '' i hold up my hand . 
 `` i get it . '' 
 `` so , i know about being lost , joy , '' she says instead . 
 `` can you imagine how it feels to hurt the one person you love most in the world ? 
 to break your sister 's heart and know you can never apologize enough ? '' 
 this time when i look at my sister i see a woman i 've never met , one who 's been through hard times-is still going through them , perhaps-and lives with the pain of her own bad choices . 
 she knows about fading ; maybe every woman of a certain age does , especially in quiet towns like this one where the sun can be so hot . 
 not like the rainforest . 
 there , in that moist green and blue world , there is no drying up of a woman 's spirit . 
 i push that thought away . 
 no good can come of it . 
 i turn back to stacey . 
 this is what matters . 
 us . 
 whatever is unreal about who i met or where i 've been , it 's all led me back to this moment with my sister . 
 the beginning . 
 `` so , '' i say softly , `` how 's the pregnancy going ? '' 
 i hear her surprise ; she takes a thin breath and battles a sudden smile . 
 i ca n't help wondering how long she 's been waiting for me to ask . 
 `` good . 
 the doctors say everything is normal . '' 
 `` do you know if it 's a boy or a girl ? '' 
 `` they think it 's a girl . '' 
 a niece to shop for ; dress up like a little doll ... love . 
 `` mom would have gone nuts . '' 
 `` we thought we 'd name her elizabeth sharon . '' 
 that hits me hard . 
 `` yeah . 
 she 'd like that . '' 
 we fall silent again . 
 i want to say more , make a sweet , innocuous comment about the baby , but i 've lost my voice . 
 selfishly , i am caught in my own sense of loss ; i take a deep breath and try to let it go , but it 's difficult . 
 i keep remembering my dream , where i was frozen in this spot , the aging aunt , watching life pass her by . 
 `` you 're losing it , are n't you ? '' 
 stacey says after the pause . 
 i look at her , wondering if that 's accurate . 
 can you lose something you never really had ? 
 `` i 'm scared , stace . 
 it 's like ... i do n't know what to hang on to . 
 i feel like i 'm going crazy . '' 
 she stares at me , frowning . 
 just when i expect an answer , she leaves the room . 
 i hear her making a phone call in the kitchen . 
 then she returns and says , `` come on . 
 i 'm taking you somewhere . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` what do you care ? 
 it 's out of this house . 
 get your purse . '' 
 to be honest , i 'm thankful for the distraction . 
 i follow her out to the minivan . 
 fifteen minutes later , we pull up to our destination . 
 the high school is bathed in lemony sunlight . 
 bright purple crocuses cover the dry brown ground around the flagpole , reminding me that spring is on its way . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 it is a question i 've come to hate . 
 to answer it requires either a lie or a truth that no one-me included-wants to hear . 
 `` why are we here ? '' 
 `` because it 's where you belong . '' 
 `` is it ? '' 
 stacey says something i ca n't quite hear , then gets out of the van and slams the door . 
 i get out of the minivan and stand on the sidewalk , leaning heavily on my crutches . 
 gripping their padded handles , i step-swing-step-swing down the wide cement courtyard toward the administrative building . 
 the quad is surprisingly quiet today , no kids skipping classes to play hacky sack in the sunshine or looking for a place to kiss or smoke . 
 stacey runs ahead to the building and opens the door for me . 
 familiar flyers-they 're the same ones year after year-clutter the bulletin boards in the hallway . 
 they 're looking for student leaders , and singers for this year 's spring musical , and volunteers willing to decorate for the upcoming dance . 
 as i approach the main entrance , the bell rings . 
 within seconds , the quad is crowded with kids laughing and talking . 
 when they see me , a roar of recognition goes up . 
 suddenly i 'm mick jagger on stage . 
 a star . 
 everyone talks to me at once , crowding in close . 
 stacey squeezes my arm . 
 `` this , '' she whispers in my ear , `` is your real life . '' 
 it takes us the entire ten minutes of the class break to work our way through the crowd and to the main office , where we 're overwhelmed again . 
 finally , when i 've hugged at least one hundred people and been welcomed back by even more , we make our way down the hall to the library . 
 i 'm struggling with my crutches at the turnstile , when i hear rayla 's throaty laughter and scratchy , i-used-to-be-a-camel-unfiltered-smoker 's voice . 
 `` well , it 's about darn time . '' 
 i push through the shiny metal barrier and find her standing at the checkout desk , with a skyscraper of books beside her elbow . 
 `` this is a big job for one woman , '' she says with a toothy grin . 
 i laugh at that . 
 we both know that either of us could easily do it alone . 
 it is a secret we keep from the administration . 
 `` now , rayla , you know you love bossing the kids around when i 'm gone . '' 
 she comes around the desk , her skirt flowing , her silver bracelets tinkling , and enfolds me in a fierce hug that smells of hairspray and tabu perfume . 
 `` we missed you , kiddo , '' she says . 
 i draw back , look down at her . 
 `` i 've missed you , too . '' 
 and it 's true . 
 for the next half hour , we walk around the library , talking about ordinary things-budget cuts , contract negotiations , recent acquisitions , and rayla 's upcoming spring break trip to reno . 
 `` so , '' she says at last . 
 `` when can we expect you back ? '' 
 it is the question i 've been dreading . 
 back . 
 by definition , it 's a return to what was . 
 i take a deep breath , knowing there is only one acceptable answer , only one sane one . 
 stacey is watching me closely . 
 so is rayla . 
 they both know . 
 not everything , perhaps , not all the reasons for my disquiet and my disappointment , but enough . 
 `` soon , '' i say , trying to smile . 
 on the drive home , stacey and i are quiet . 
 i feel like dorothy , back in kansas , a black-and-white girl in a black-and-white world , with memories in color . 
 beside me stacey sings along to some catchy , generic song from one of the american idol runners-up . 
 then it 's bruce springsteen , singing `` baby , i was born to run . '' 
 memory overwhelms me . 
 i close my eyes , remembering . 
 i 'm in a red truck , bouncing down a country road , singing along to the radio . 
 i can feel bobby beside me , hear him laughing . 
 when i open my eyes-unable to take any more-i see the airport exit . 
 it ca n't be accidental . 
 stacey never goes home this way . 
 and i think : dorothy had to click her heels together three times and say , `` there 's no place like home . '' 
 even magic requires something . 
 maybe i need to quit waiting for proof and go in search of hope , like i did before . 
 `` turn here , stacey . '' 
 `` you were never there . '' 
 i know how much she hates to say those words to me . 
 it 's in her voice . 
 `` you saw your real life at the high school . '' 
 `` please ? '' 
 with a sigh , she follows the exit to the airport and pulls up outside the america west ticket counter . 
 `` this is crazy , joy . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i grab my purse and the crutches from the backseat , and i 'm off , hobbling into the terminal . 
 at the counter , i find a beautiful dark-haired woman in a blue and white uniform . 
 her nametag identifies her as donna farnham . 
 `` may i help you ? '' 
 `` i want a ticket to seattle on the next flight . '' 
 the ticket agent looks to her computer screen , types quickly on the keys , then looks up at me . 
 `` there 's a flight leaving in forty minutes . 
 the next one is tomorrow afternoon . 
 same time . '' 
 i reach into my purse for my wallet . 
 what 's a credit card for if not unnecessary expenditures ? 
 `` i 'll take a ticket for today . '' 
 `` all we have left is first class . '' 
 i do n't even ask how much . 
 `` great . 
 i 'll take it . '' 
 by the time i 've made it through the security line and find my way to the gate , my hands are sweating and my heart is hammering . 
 i try to think of daniel and bobby , try to believe i can make the magic strike again . 
 i 'm dorothy . 
 there 's no place like home , i tell myself , but my confidence is draining fast , being pummeled by the bright fluorescent lights overhead . 
 in this light , i ca n't help seeing clearly . 
 when they call my flight , i take a step forward . 
 then i see the plane . 
 images charge me ; hit me so hard i almost fall down . 
 i close my eyes and try to breathe , but that 's no help . 
 in the darkness , i 'm on the plane again , going down . 
 flames are all around me ... i smell the stink of fuel ... and hear the screams . 
 i 'm falling , tumbling , and hitting ... being carried out of the wreckage . 
 i can see it all : my face covered with blood ; my arm hanging down from the gurney ; the bone poking up through my torn , bloody jeans . 
 the plane exploding behind me . 
 the shaking starts in my fingers and radiates outward until i can hardly hold onto my crutches . 
 my palms are slick with sweat ; i ca n't swallow . 
 tears stream down my cheeks and blur my vision . 
 several people ask if i 'm okay . 
 i nod and push them away . 
 if i could run , i would , but i 'm as broken outside right now as i feel within , so i leave slowly , limping away from hope . 
 i 'd crawl if i had to . 
 when i finally emerge from the terminal and step out into the bright , sunlit day , i see my sister . 
 she 's standing in front of her minivan , by the passenger door . 
 i go to her , clutching my ticket . 
 `` i remember . '' 
 she puts her arms around me , holds me , and lets me cry . 
 f or the next three nights , every time i go to sleep , i relive the crash . 
 over and over again , i wake up screaming and drenched in sweat , lying in the blackness of my own guest bedroom . 
 there are no memories of the clearing left , of my mom telling me to wake up , or of bobby showing me to my room . 
 by the fourth night , i get it . 
 i may not be the brightest bulb on the porch , but i can figure out what message my subconscious is sending : you were on the plane , stupid . 
 you never walked away . 
 i have been like an anthropologist , looking in darkness for evidence of a lost civilization . 
 maps , photographs , drawings , they all decorate the walls of my house . 
 but now , finally , i see the light . 
 i am the one who has been lost , and it 's time to let go . 
 this is the message of my nightmares : let go and move on or cling to fantasy and fall . 
 my own mind has taught me the lesson that a battalion of shrinks could not . 
 too long has my heart been living outside my body-outside the state of california and all semblance of reality . 
 the next morning , i waken feeling bruised by nightmares , and i know what i must do . 
 i totter out of bed ; make a big pot of coffee and a resolution . 
 inch by inch , i clear my walls . 
 i start with the photographs of the comfort lodge and the map of the olympic peninsula . 
 i am halfway done when my doorbell rings . 
 i stand back , looking at my so-called progress . 
 the entire east wall of my living room is littered with pin holes . 
 tiny empty spaces where something used to be . 
 this is precisely the kind of thought i 've been trying to avoid . 
 when my doorbell rings again , i lunge for my crutches and head for the entry . 
 there , i open the door and find stacey frowning at me . 
 `` you look like crap . '' 
 that hurts . 
 `` well ... you 're fat . '' 
 i spin on my left crutch and step-swing into my guest room . 
 although i ca n't hear footsteps on the carpet , i know she 's following me . 
 i go to the wall and tear down a picture of mount olympus . 
 `` you 're getting rid of it all ? '' 
 `` is n't that what you wanted ? '' 
 `` joy ... '' something in her voice gets to me . 
 i turn around finally , face her . 
 `` i 'm losing it . '' 
 stacey sits down on my bed , and then pats a place beside her . 
 i hop to the bed and sit down . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` i ca n't sleep . 
 nightmares . '' 
 `` of the crash ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` my shrink said i brought it on by going to the airport . 
 like i needed to hear it was my fault . '' 
 `` and what about daniel and the boy ? '' 
 i can hear the question in her voice , the wondering if she should mention the obvious . 
 actually , i appreciate it . 
 there will come a time-soon , i think-when i wo n't want to hear their names anymore . 
 `` i have n't dreamt about them since you took me to the high school . 
 and when i think about them , it 's ... blurry . '' 
 `` what does that mean , you think ? 
 are you getting well ? '' 
 i look down at my hands . 
 i 've thought a lot about this . 
 a woman who ca n't sleep has plenty of time to contemplate . 
 `` i think ... '' i ca n't say it out loud . 
 stacey puts her hand on mine . 
 her touch steadies me . 
 i look up . 
 tears burn my eyes , turn her face into a monet painting . 
 i 'm glad . 
 i do n't want this moment to be in focus . 
 `` when i first woke up , i was sure it was all real . 
 daniel . 
 bobby . 
 the comfort lodge . 
 the rainforest . 
 then i heard the facts , and i knew it was n't real , but still i believed . 
 i did n't know how to stop . 
 i wanted it all so much . 
 i felt so alive there , so needed and wanted , and here ... '' i shrug . 
 `` i kept thinking : if only i could find my way back to them . '' 
 `` and now ? '' 
 i take a deep breath , release it slowly . 
 `` i 've googled it all , and called information , and read about every town near or in the olympic rainforest . 
 my town does n't exist , neither does the lodge . 
 therefore , it makes sense that daniel and bobby are imaginary , too . 
 it was all my weird way of dealing with the pain and horror of the crash . '' 
 `` that sounds like your shrink talking . '' 
 `` at two hundred bucks an hour , i listen to her . '' 
 i smile , but the joke falls flat . 
 `` you 're giving me logic . 
 i want emotion . '' 
 `` i ca n't handle emotion anymore . 
 it 's killing me . 
 i 'm too old to believe in magic and fate and destiny . '' 
 `` so it was the drugs , in other words , and your own subconscious . '' 
 i frown . 
 that 's not quite right . 
 it 's important to me that i get all of this absolutely right . 
 otherwise i 'll never be able to get past it . 
 `` i think daniel and bobby were ... metaphors . '' 
 `` i flunked out of tech school , remember ? 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i think they represent the love that could be out there for me-if i 'm bold enough to change my life . '' 
 i take a deep breath and say : `` the truth is , stace , i 'm tired of being alone . 
 i want love , passion , and children . 
 all of it . '' 
 stacey is quiet for a long time , and then says , `` i can understand that . '' 
 `` i know you can . '' 
 `` and you deserve it , '' she says softly . 
 i glance around my walls , staring at the pattern of tack holes between the few remaining clippings . 
 soon , this room will be back to normal ; all evidence of my impossible journey will be gone . 
 what will i dream about then ? 
 `` come on , '' stacey says at last . 
 `` we 're going to be late . '' 
 she ushers me out to the minivan . 
 on the long drive to the doctor 's office , we talk about little things , nothing that matters . 
 once there , it takes less than an hour to cut off my cast , take an x-ray , and pronounce me healed . 
 my orthopedist , dr. john turner , says , `` the break has healed beautifully . 
 as well as we could have hoped . 
 and mark says the physical therapy is going well . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say . 
 `` how much more will she need ? '' 
 stacey asks . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he looks at me . 
 `` we 'll just take it day by day , okay ? 
 how are the headaches ? '' 
 `` better , '' i say . 
 mostly , it 's true . 
 the whiplash symptoms are abating slowly . 
 the appointment is winding down , edging toward goodbye , when there 's a knock at the door . 
 a woman comes into the examining room ; she 's carrying a white plastic bag . 
 `` doctor ? '' 
 he looks at her . 
 `` yes , carol ? '' 
 `` these are ms. candellaro 's clothes . 
 the ones they cut off her after the crash . 
 we would have thrown them away , but there were some personal items in the pockets . '' 
 something about that hits me hard . 
 i do n't know if it 's cut off or crash . 
 all i know is i ca n't smile or move . 
 stacey takes the bag . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i 'm still vaguely disconcerted as we walk through the parking lot . 
 i 'm using a cane for balance , though honestly , i think it 's emotional , a phantom feeling of less than wholeness . 
 in truth , my once-broken bone feels strong . 
 all the way home , i stare at the bag . 
 stacey pulls into my driveway and parks . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` i will be , '' i say , grabbing the bag . 
 `` i could take that for you . 
 get rid of it . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 how can i tell her i 'm not ready to get rid of it yet ? 
 instead of speaking , i smile and nod and get out of the minivan . 
 leaning heavily on the cane , i make my way up to the front door . 
 behind me , i hear stacey drive away . 
 inside the house , it 's too quiet . 
 i 've forgotten to leave the stereo on . 
 i immediately go to the radio and push the button . 
 bruce springsteen is singing . 
 `` baby , i was born to run . '' 
 i change stations , find a nice , soothing elton john ballad . 
 no more dreams for me . 
 i toss the bag of clothes on top of my bureau and go back to work , stripping the pictures from my wall . 
 when i 'm finished , and my butter yellow walls are a desert of tiny gray pin holes , i cram everything into grocery bags and take them out to the garbage can in my garage . 
 everything goes in the trash . 
 * * * a ticket to seattle . 
 a white bag full of ruined clothes . 
 for the next week , these two items-along with the memories they represent-sit on my dresser . 
 i look at them every time i walk past , but i do n't touch . 
 no way . 
 until my memories of daniel and bobby have faded completely , i will ignore the ticket and the bag . 
 by the time i finally reach for them , they will be cold , their power stripped by the passage of days . 
 someday i will pay the change fee and use my first-class ticket to fly to some other destination . 
 maybe florida or hawaii . 
 i am studiously ignoring the bag when the phone rings . 
 i answer quickly , turning my back on my dresser . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` mrs. candellaro ? '' 
 i wince at the name and all that it implies . 
 perhaps , my summer project will be to return to my maiden name . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` this is ann morford . 
 how are you ? '' 
 `` fine , '' i say to my realtor . 
 `` you want to renew the listing ? '' 
 `` actually , i 'm calling with good news . 
 we have an offer on your house . 
 two hundred ninety two thousand five hundred dollars . 
 i guess when you survived the crash , your house changed from bad luck to good luck . '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 i sit on my bed , stunned . 
 `` do you want to make a counter offer ? 
 see if they 'll come up to full price ? '' 
 it takes less than ten seconds to make up my mind . 
 i know a second chance when i see one . 
 `` no . 
 i 'll take the deal . '' 
 the realtor and i talk for a few more minutes about details . 
 earnest monies and closing dates and the like . 
 i tell her i can be out of this house by friday if they 'd like , and i mean it . 
 at the realization that i finally can leave , i 'm desperate to get going . 
 she faxes me the paperwork , which i sign immediately and re-send . 
 as soon as i 'm done with that , i head for the kitchen to pour myself a celebratory glass of wine . 
 i do n't make it past my dresser , though . 
 this time , i 'm caught . 
 the sale of my house and the prospect of moving has changed things somehow . 
 i 'm finally moving , changing my direction . 
 the idea of it makes me feel indestructible . 
 i grab the bag and carry it to the bed where i sit , staring down at it . 
 then , very slowly , i open it . 
 the first thing i see is my left shoe . 
 just the one . 
 i pick it up . 
 the black-and-white keds tennis shoe is in perfect condition . 
 no stains or rips or mud . 
 my sweater has a few dark stains that i know could be either mud or blood or a mixture of both . 
 it is n't ruined , though . 
 a normal person , looking at this sweater would never guess its history . 
 there 's something oddly comforting in that . 
 then i pull out my jeans . 
 the right leg has been cut and ripped from hem to waist . 
 dried blood makes the material stiff and discolored . 
 i reach into the front left pocket and pull out a wadded up von 's grocery store receipt , an airport parking stub , and seven dollars in cash . 
 in two back pockets i find some spare change and a paper clip . 
 exactly the things i expected to find . 
 in the other front pocket , i feel something odd . 
 i reach in farther , find something cold and hard . 
 i pull it out and stare down at my hand . 
 in my palm is a small , white arrowhead . 
 i close my eyes and count to ten . 
 when i look down again , the arrowhead is still there . 
 it ca n't be . 
 you know it ca n't . 
 you did n't walk away from the crash . 
 yet i 'm holding this arrowhead . 
 with everything i am , everything i think and feel , i believe this . 
 of course , i 've believed lots of crazy things ... i walk over to my bathroom and hold my hand up to the mirror . 
 there it is : small and white against my palm , like the tip of a christmas tree . 
 i need help . 
 closing my hand tightly around the arrowhead , i head out of my room . 
 as i pass the bureau , i see the airline ticket and glance at my clock . 
 the daily flight to seattle leaves in just under three hours . 
 what if ? 
 once again those two small words infuse my world with hope and possibility . 
 i ca n't push them away , ca n't stop the swell of longing this time . 
 shoving the ticket in my purse , i leave the house that already feels as if it belongs to someone else and go to my garage , where i limp past the file cabinets of my dreams and get into my volvo . 
 behind me , the door lifts open . 
 before i start the car , i look down at the thing in my hand . 
 it 's still there . 
 slowly , keeping my foot on the brake , i back out of my garage and down the driveway . 
 all the way to my sister 's house , i clutch the arrowhead and pray it 's real . 
 i do n't think my fragile mind can handle another delusion . 
 still praying , i park in stacey 's driveway , grab my cane , and go to the front door , where i ring the bell repeatedly . 
 it is n't until i hear footsteps that i remember who else lives here and think : this could be bad . 
 thom answers . 
 i stare at him , this man who held my heart for so many years and slept beside me and sometimes remembered to kiss me good night . 
 it is the first time in months i 've been this close to him , and i feel ... nostalgic and nothing more . 
 here is my past , my youth , staring down at me . 
 he looks remarkably like he did on the night i met him , all those years ago . 
 back when we were kids . 
 `` hey , thom , '' i say , surprised at how easy it now is to say his name . 
 `` joy . '' 
 his normally strong voice is a whisper . 
 i can see him wondering what to say . 
 `` it 's funny how things work out , '' i say , giving him time to think . 
 `` i 'm sorry , joy . '' 
 i 'm surprised by how deeply his words affect me . 
 i had n't known until just now that i needed to hear them . 
 `` me , too . '' 
 after that , silence falls between us . 
 neither knows where our words should go . 
 we stare at each other ; he looks as sad as i feel . 
 finally , he says , `` is stacey expecting you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he glances toward the stairs and yells , `` stace . 
 your sister 's here . '' 
 stacey comes down the stairs , looking panicked . 
 she looks worriedly at thom , then turns to me . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm better than okay , actually . '' 
 i grab her sleeve and pull her into the hallway . 
 i should wait for more privacy , maybe take her to a room , but i 'm too nervous and excited to be sensible . 
 `` i found this in the pants i was wearing on the plane . '' 
 i lift my hand and slowly unfurl my fingers . 
 stacey stares down at my palm . 
 i can see it as plain as day-a small white arrowhead . 
 please ... i do n't even know how to finish my prayer . 
 i just know that if my hand is empty , i 'm lost . 
 i 'll need-as they say-a long vacation in a rubber room . 
 it takes every scrap of courage i possess to ask her : `` do you see it ? '' 
 `` the rock ? '' 
 white hot wonder suffuses me ; with it , i can see how cold and empty i was before . 
 `` you see it , '' i say . 
 `` it 's really there . '' 
 `` it 's an arrowhead , i think . 
 what does it mean ? '' 
 `` it means i 'm going north . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` neither do i , but i 'm using my plane ticket . '' 
 that stops her . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 `` one hundred percent . '' 
 i see how her face creases at that , how her eyes fill with fear and worry . 
 it 's the crash . 
 like me , she 'll battle those memories for a long time . 
 `` it wo n't happen again , '' i say gently . 
 `` i 'm going with you . '' 
 i touch her arm . 
 `` i know it sounds crazy , but i think i need to do it just like i did before . 
 alone . 
 looking for hope . '' 
 `` i 'm driving you to the airport , then . 
 do n't even think about arguing with me about it . '' 
 she runs past me and goes upstairs . 
 i can hear her moving down the hallway overhead . 
 i return to the living room , where thom is waiting . 
 we stare at each other . 
 `` take good care of her , '' i say at last . 
 `` she really loves you . '' 
 `` i love her , too , joy . '' 
 i hear the throatiness in his voice and know he means it . 
 i feel a pinch at that , a phantom pain , but it 's gone quickly . 
 `` good . '' 
 a few minutes later , stacey reappears . 
 grabbing her keys from the copper bowl on the entry table , she kisses thom good-bye , then leads the way to the garage . 
 while she 's starting the van , i get my purse and the ticket . 
 then i climb into the passenger seat and slam the door shut . 
 my sister looks at me . 
 `` are you sure about this ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 `` okay , then . 
 we 're off . '' 
 thirty-five minutes later , we are at the airport . 
 we pull up to the curb and park , then get out of the minivan . 
 on the sidewalk , she pulls me into her arms and holds me so fiercely i can hardly breathe . 
 `` do n't you vanish on me . '' 
 `` i 'll call you when i get there , '' i promise . 
 `` wherever there is . '' 
 stacey draws back . 
 `` i 'm afraid i 'll never see you again . '' 
 `` how can i disappear ? 
 i have a wedding to go to in june . '' 
 stacey draws in a sharp breath . 
 `` you 'll come ? '' 
 `` we 're sisters , '' i say simply . 
 i can see the impact of my words . 
 stacey smiles , but its watery and weak . 
 `` i love you , joy . '' 
 and i know then : no matter what i find or do n't find in washington state , i will always have a place where i belong . 
 it has taken us a long time , but stacey and i have finally returned to the beginning . 
 we 're sisters again , two little girls in the back of a hot vw bus , experiencing our lives through each other , holding hands when we 're scared . 
 `` i love you , too , stace . '' 
 it takes almost forty minutes to get to my gate , and then another twenty minutes before they call my flight . 
 i get in to line . 
 to my left , through the dirty bank of windows , i see my plane . 
 can i do it ? 
 suddenly , i do n't know . 
 i can feel my heart beat and the sweat popping out on my forehead . 
 i reach into my pocket , coil my fingers around the arrowhead . 
 promise you 'll come back , joy . 
 it 's crazy . 
 head injury insane . 
 but i believe . 
 it 's that simple , really . 
 crazy or not , i believe . 
 breathing carefully , moving slowly , i enter the aircraft and go to seat 2a . 
 there , i pull the seat belt tightly across my lap and check where the exit row is . 
 then i pray . 
 i scream when we touch down in seattle . 
 the sound horrifies me , as does the obvious disapproval of my fellow passengers and the flight attendants , but i ca n't contain my fear until we 've landed . 
 i am still shaking as i follow the crowd of my fellow passengers off the airplane and through the busy beige bowels of seatac airport . 
 silvery fish inlaid in the tile lead me to the baggage claim area , where i rent a sensible car and get a map of western washington . 
 outside , i finally see the famous landmarks that have become so familiar . 
 the distant snow-capped mountains and bright blue waters of puget sound . 
 mount rainier rises out of the mist . 
 i have to remind myself forcibly that i 've never been here . 
 i have done so much research on the area i could have a ph.d. . 
 bumper-to-bumper traffic takes me to tacoma , a city that is low and gray and seems to huddle beneath a layer of ominous clouds . 
 olympia , the state capitol , is unexpectedly rural from the highway . 
 every now and then i see an official looking building , with a spire or a rotunda or columns , hidden in a thicket of trees . 
 by the town called cosmopolis -lrb- wildly inappropriately named , i might add -rrb- , i am in a different world altogether , where huge stacks pump noxious smoke into the sky , and peeled logs clog the waterways . 
 here , at the mouth of grays harbor , the economy is obviously based on timber and the sea , and both industries seem faded or failing . 
 houses are run-down , shops are closed up , the streets of the various downtowns are empty of commerce and people . 
 at aberdeen , i turn inland onto old highway 101 , which promises to take me to queets , forks , humptulips , mystic , and rain valley . 
 this is it . 
 if my dream is real , i 'll find it on this road , the only one that man has built between the mighty trees of the rainforest and the gray swell of the pacific . 
 i pull off the road and park , suddenly afraid . 
 `` get a grip , joy , '' i say out loud , trying to use my best librarian 's voice , but i am like one of my own students-unconvinced . 
 with shaking hands , i open my map . 
 the town names taunt me . 
 which one of them is `` my '' town ? 
 or will they all be unfamiliar ? 
 am i looking for daniel and bobby and a lodge by a silver lake or was that all just a promise , a signpost to a future that has n't begun yet ? 
 am i supposed to find a man like daniel ? 
 is bobby the son i may someday have ? 
 it overwhelms me , that thought , leaves me shaken . 
 how will i know what i 'm looking for ? 
 i reach for my cell phone and call my sister , who answers on the first ring . 
 `` damn it , joy , it 's about time . 
 i have no fingernails left . '' 
 `` you had none to start with . '' 
 i stare out the windshield at the empty road . 
 `` i do n't know where to go , stace . 
 it all looks ... '' `` take a deep breath . '' 
 i do . 
 `` again . '' 
 i draw in a deep , calming second breath and release it . 
 `` now , '' she goes on , `` where are you ? '' 
 `` a logging town on the coast . 
 about an hour from the start of the national park . 
 what if i do n't find this place i 'm looking for ? '' 
 there 's a crackling pause before my sister says , `` you will . '' 
 `` how can you believe that ? '' 
 `` because you do . '' 
 her words sink in and settle . 
 they give me something to cling to , remind me that though i may be crazy , i 'm not alone . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` i 'll be sitting by the phone , you understand that , right ? '' 
 `` i 'll call . '' 
 `` where 's your first stop ? '' 
 i glance down at the map . 
 `` amanda park . '' 
 `` that sounds promising . '' 
 it rings absolutely no bells in my head , but then again , my head is clearly unreliable . 
 `` yeah . 
 talk to you later . 
 bye . '' 
 `` bye . '' 
 i hang up , return to the road and drive north . 
 as i near the start of the olympic national forest , the view changes . 
 here , the landscape is unexpectedly shorn of trees . 
 the area along the highway has been logged and replanted , but in the distance , i can see the white-capped peak of mount olympus rising into the gray sky . 
 there are hardly any mailboxes along the road , and the few homes i see are mobile or manufactured , set back on clear-cut lots with no hint of landscaping . 
 perhaps this place ca n't be clipped and claimed and domesticated ; it can only be taken by force and held onto by luck . 
 amanda park is a quaint town on the shores of lake quinalt . 
 neither of which i recognize . 
 i drive up and down the streets but nothing is familiar , so i return to the highway and continue north . 
 a sign welcomes me to queets . 
 i follow the old , poorly maintained road toward the town and through it . 
 nothing is familiar . 
 back out on the highway , i take a sharp turn to the right , and there is the pacific ocean . 
 endless gray water , dappled by a sprinkling of rain ; white , roaring waves . 
 i pull off to the side of the road again and get out . 
 the driftwood is exactly as i remember it . 
 so are the wind-sculpted trees . 
 only the sand is different . 
 on my beach night , i stood in ankle-deep california pale gold sand to dance with daniel . 
 in reality , the sand , like the sky and the sea today , is a shade of gray . 
 the entire coast is a riotous band of emerald green-huge bushes and stunted trees and mammoth ferns . 
 i recall from my reading that it is the longest wilderness coast left in the world . 
 then , i was captured by the word `` coast . '' 
 now , standing here , i see the word that matters is `` wilderness . '' 
 as i get back into my car and drive back onto 101 , i am tangled in my own emotions . 
 amazed by the parts of my dream that were accurate , and heartened by them , and disturbed by the pieces that were wrong . 
 several more towns welcome and disappoint me . 
 though the landscapes are familiar , none of the towns are the one of my dreams . 
 as i leave the wild gray shores of the pacific and head inland again , the landscape becomes wilder and more primitive . 
 here , the trees are gigantic and straight , blocking out most of the sunlight . 
 mist clings to the old asphalt and gives everything a mystical , otherworldly feel . 
 i drive through town after town and find nothing that speaks to me . 
 by late afternoon , as the golden sun sets into a cache of thick , black shadows along the roadside , my faith is beginning to fade , too . 
 then i come to a sign made of sculpted metal that welcomes me to rain valley . 
 rain valley . 
 my foot eases off the accelerator . 
 there 's a nervous flutter in my stomach that i have n't felt before . 
 i coast forward . 
 in a way i 'm moving against my will now , being drawn forward . 
 i 'm afraid to believe i may have found my town ... and more afraid that i 'll be wrong again . 
 there are only a few more turns left , here in the deep woods , and only mystic and rain valley are near lakes . 
 i turn onto cates avenue and roll into rain valley . 
 in the middle of the road , i hit my brakes . 
 it 's `` my '' town . 
 and it is n't . 
 i pull over to the curb and get out of the car . 
 i can feel the moisture in the air , hear it drop from leaves and boughs and plunk into potholes in the road , but it is n't really raining . 
 by the time i reach the sidewalk , the sun is breaking through the clouds , gilding the grassy lawn . 
 dew sparkles on the green carpet . 
 i feel as if i 'm in a twilight zone episode . 
 the town-this town-is the funhouse mirror version of my remembered town . 
 there is a park in the center of it-but it 's nothing like i imagined . 
 there 's a gazebo in the center of the park also , its stanchions twined by wisteria that is moments away from blooming . 
 concrete benches and fountains are everywhere . 
 off to the left is a covered barbeque area surrounded by picnic tables . 
 a shallow wading pond catches the slivers of sunlight greedily ; its rippling surface seems to catch fire in streaks . 
 leaning on my cane , i walk across the spongy grass to the main street of town . 
 my town was comprised of wooden buildings with big windows and cutesy names like the wizard of paws pet store , the hair apparent beauty salon , and the dew drop in diner . 
 i stop in front of lulu 's hair salon . 
 to my left is the raindrop diner . 
 only the ice-cream shop is exactly as i imagined it . 
 and the church . 
 my version is so close that i feel weak in the knees , and so different that i am sick to my stomach . 
 was i here or was n't i ? 
 am i crazy ? 
 brain damaged ? 
 just as i imagined , the town is a sparkling jewel set against a backdrop of the endless olympic forest . 
 one million acres of trees and mountains and wilderness , without a road to drive through it . 
 the street lamps hold hanging baskets now , their sides thick with brown vines and winter-dead geraniums . 
 a few hardy pansies show their colorful faces . 
 i walk into the diner first . 
 there is no wall of pamphlets , no man drinking coffee at the bar . 
 there is no bar . 
 an older woman with a lucille ball-red beehive hustles toward me , smiling . 
 `` welcome to the raindrop . 
 what can i do yah for ? '' 
 she hands me a plastic menu . 
 `` i ... i 'm looking for the comfort fishing lodge . '' 
 the woman stops and frowns , her heavily made-up eyes almost close completely . 
 `` honey , i 've lived here for forty years . 
 there ai n't no such place . 
 but old erv egin , he 'll give you a hell of a charter . 
 come salmon season , that is . '' 
 `` is there any fishing lodge ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` we ai n't that developed yet , though the good lord knows we could use a little tourism . 
 there 's a motel out on fall river that makes a mighty fine breakfast , and the resort out at kalaloch , and that place up at lake crescent in port angeles , but there ai n't really fishing at any of 'em . 
 your best bet is a charter . 
 in may ... '' `` daniel ? '' 
 i whisper his name , feeling like an idiot . 
 `` he has a son , bobby . '' 
 `` you talking about the o'shea 's ? 
 out on spirit lake ? '' 
 my heart skips a beat . 
 `` there 's a daniel who lives on the lake ? 
 and he has a son named bobby ? '' 
 the waitress takes a step back . 
 she 's eyeing me hard now , and i do n't think she likes what she sees . 
 her gaze pauses on the cane , then returns to my face . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` my name is joy . 
 i 've come a long way to find them . '' 
 `` they 've had their share of trouble in the past few months , and then some . 
 what with the accident and all . 
 they do n't need no more . '' 
 `` i 've had some trouble of my own . 
 i would n't do anything to hurt them . '' 
 it seems to take forever , but the woman finally nods . 
 `` they 're out at the end of lakeshore drive . '' 
 i ca n't help smiling . 
 i even laugh a little , though it sounds hysterical . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i limp out of the diner . 
 i am in my car , easing away from the curb when i realize i did n't ask for directions . 
 but my heart will lead me . 
 i 'm sure of it . 
 i drive out along the park to the old highway . 
 and keep going . 
 there 's no turn off where i remember . 
 i drive all the way to forks before i finally turn around . 
 on the way back , i study every sign carefully , slow down at every one . 
 in the old part of rain valley , the houses are tiny and crammed together ; the streets are named after trees . 
 none of them is lakeshore drive . 
 the sun is lower in the sky now ; the streets are slowly fading into shadow . 
 there are no street lamps out here , no sign of people . 
 i am about to turn around again when i see a small green marker that points to spirit lake . 
 a shiver moves through me at the name . 
 i follow the road out of town . 
 i have n't gone more than a mile when i come to a barricade that reads : `` danger : high water . '' 
 the river has exceeded its banks and washed out a portion of the road . 
 at least a foot of brown water runs across the asphalt . 
 i pull off the side of the road and park . 
 what now ? 
 is it a sign , this flooded road ? 
 am i not supposed to go down to the lake ? 
 or am i supposed to walk ? 
 there 's a strange pull in me at that answer . 
 i walked here once , if the magic is real . 
 maybe i need to repeat history to find my present . 
 i ca n't help noticing that there 's a huge , skinned log lying along the edge of the road . 
 a woman with a cane could walk across that , if she wanted to . 
 i am crazy . 
 even by my own standard , and god knows my threshold has fallen to almost nothing these days . 
 as i sit there , hands on the steering wheel , staring at the ruined road , my cell phone rings . 
 i know without looking at the number who it is . 
 `` hey , stacey , '' i answer . 
 `` i 've been calling for an hour . '' 
 `` it 's no-man 's - land out here . 
 i 'm surprised there 's service . 
 you should see this place , it 's ... '' `` i do n't want a travelogue . 
 well ? '' 
 i am afraid to put it into words , this fragile impossible hope of mine , and more afraid not to . 
 the split between what i imagined and what i now see throws me into a kind of tailspin ; i do n't know what to think . 
 `` i 'm parked on lakeshore drive . 
 the woman at the diner said daniel and bobby o'shea live at the end of the road . '' 
 `` wow , '' stacey says sharply . 
 `` is it them ? '' 
 `` i hope so . 
 who knows ? 
 i could be brad pitt/twelve monkeys crazy . 
 i 'm probably still in the airport , sitting in my seat , drooling . '' 
 `` you 're not in the airport drooling . 
 i watched you board the plane . '' 
 `` you were there ? '' 
 `` i did n't think you 'd be able to do it . '' 
 `` yeah , well , i 'm stronger than i used to be . '' 
 as i say the words , i realize the truth of them . 
 i am stronger now . 
 strong enough to reach for this dream ... and strong enough to handle disappointment . 
 what matters is that i 've finally made a move . 
 whether daniel and bobby are real or not , i belong here . 
 soon i will have over two hundred and ninety thousand dollars in the bank . 
 that definitely gives me the freedom i need to start over somewhere . 
 and this is where i want to be . 
 i look through the windshield . 
 no raindrops blotch the glass . 
 `` it 's time , '' i say to stacey . 
 `` do n't you vanish on me . '' 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 even as i say it , i ca n't help thinking of bobby , to whom i made the same promise . 
 i hang up and toss my phone in my purse . 
 looping the straps over my shoulder , i get out of the car . 
 the world is radiant , bathed in the last , fading rays of sunlight . 
 the trees on either side of the road are as big as i 'd imagined . 
 many rise well over two hundred feet into the air ; their trunks are as straight as flagpoles . 
 salal and rhododendrons grow in wild disarray amid the trunks . 
 moss coats everything-tree bark , branches , guardrails , rocks . 
 very carefully , using my cane for support , i climb up onto the log that spans the rushing water and walk to the other side . 
 on dry land again , i limp down to the road and follow it . 
 walking with a cane is slow going , but not once do i pause or consider stopping . 
 i 've gone about a mile when i hear the lake , slapping against the shore . 
 i turn a corner and there i am , on a cherry tree-lined driveway . 
 at the end of the road is a sprawling old victorian mansion with a huge covered porch . 
 it is the kind of home that the timber barons built at the turn of the century . 
 even though the roof looks like a slanted mossy hillside and the porch sags dangerously to one side , it is spectacular . 
 a hand-carved wooden sign by the entrance welcomes me to the spirit lake bed and breakfast . 
 there are two outbuildings on either side , small clapboard structures with broken windows and ramshackle chimneys . 
 no red truck with a blue door sits in the driveway . 
 no dock juts out over the lake . 
 no pile of kayaks and paddleboats lay piled by the shore . 
 no ruined vegetable garden shows the first signs of spring . 
 in fact , there 's no landscaping at all . 
 there are only the cherry trees , full of pink blossoms that line the road and lead to the front door . 
 none of it is familiar except the trees and the lake . 
 i have never seen this place before . 
 and yet , there by the lake , is the swing set , exactly as i `` saw '' it . 
 i 'm crazy . 
 maybe i 'm not really here . 
 the terrifying thought wings through my mind . 
 maybe i 'm in the hospital still , on killer drugs . 
 in a coma . 
 i 'm neo in the matrix before they save him . 
 i 'm ... `` stop it , joy . '' 
 it takes a monumental act of will , but i move forward . 
 i follow the bumpy asphalt road to its rounded end . 
 i am just about to turn toward the house when i hear a noise . 
 a boy 's voice carried by the breeze . 
 bobby . 
 i turn toward the sound , listening . 
 it 's him . 
 gripping my cane more tightly , i hurry past the swing set and go into the trees . 
 there he is , kneeling in his forest church , playing with action figures . 
 giant trees ring and protect him . 
 sunset slants through the great , down-slung boughs in purple-hued rays . 
 the ferns and moss are lime green with new growth . 
 as i limp toward him , my heart is beating too quickly . 
 the spongy , damp ground swallows my footsteps . 
 so it is that he does n't hear me approach until i say , `` hey , bobby . '' 
 at the sound of my voice , his hands freeze . 
 the action figures clatter together and go quiet . 
 slowly , he turns to look at me . 
 he is exactly as i 've imagined him-black , curly hair , bright blue eyes with long lashes , and a missing pair of teeth . 
 but the way he frowns at me is new . 
 `` bobby ? '' 
 i say after a confusing minute . 
 `` it 's me . 
 joy . '' 
 he does n't smile . 
 `` sure it is . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry i went away , bobby . '' 
 `` everyone said you were imaginary anyway . '' 
 `` i guess i was then . 
 i 'm not now . '' 
 he frowns . 
 `` you mean ... '' `` i 'm here , bobby . '' 
 hope flashes across his eyes . 
 the quelling of it is the saddest thing i 've ever seen . 
 `` i ai n't falling for it . 
 i do n't wan na be crazy anymore . '' 
 `` i know what you mean . '' 
 `` quit trying to trick me . '' 
 his voice catches on that . 
 i can see how hard he is trying to be sane and grown up . 
 and how much he wants to believe in me again . 
 `` i know it 's impossible , '' i whisper . 
 `` and totally looney tunes , but will you trust in me one more time ? '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` just come here . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` i 'm scared . '' 
 i smile . 
 that kind of honesty will save us in this crazy situation . 
 `` me , too . 
 please ? 
 believe in me one more time . '' 
 i ca n't help remembering my dreamed-of christmas morning where i said the same thing to him . 
 slowly , he gets up and comes toward me . 
 when he 's almost close enough to take my hand he stops . 
 he does n't reach for me . 
 `` are you real ? '' 
 `` that 's the first thing you ever said to me , remember ? 
 then , i did n't know what you meant , i did n't understand . 
 but i 'm real now , bobby . 
 believe me . '' 
 he wo n't touch me , but i see that hope come back into his eyes . 
 `` you broke your promise . '' 
 `` yes , i did . 
 and i 'm sorry for that . '' 
 `` how come you have a cane ? '' 
 `` that 's a long story . '' 
 `` i waited for you to come back . 
 every day ... '' his voice breaks . 
 i can see how hard he 's trying not to cry . 
 `` i have a present for you , '' i say softly . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i reach into my pocket , half expecting it to be empty . 
 it 's not . 
 my fingers coil around the cool , smooth bit of carved stone . 
 i pull it out and hand it to him . 
 the white arrowhead looks like a tiny heart in my palm . 
 bobby gasps . 
 `` it 's white . 
 my mommy always promised me ... '' i move slowly toward him and drop to my knees in the dirt . 
 `` she showed me where it was , bobby . 
 on christmas eve night while you were sleeping . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` sometimes the magic is real , i guess . '' 
 tears glaze his eyes . 
 i know how long he has waited for an adult to say these words to him . 
 he takes the arrowhead from me , closing his fingers tightly around it . 
 `` i knew it , '' he whispers . 
 `` i 'm not crazy . '' 
 `` you can keep it in your pocket always , and when you get scared or feel lost or confused , you can hold it and remember how much she loved you . '' 
 i open my arms . 
 he launches himself at me . 
 i catch him easily , but lose my balance . 
 my cane drops to the side , and we fall to the mossy ground in a tangled heap . 
 for the first time , i 'm really holding him . 
 his kiss on my cheek is slobbery and wet ... and real . 
 `` hey , '' he says , drawing back , `` you 're warm . '' 
 `` i was n't before ? '' 
 he shakes his head solemnly . 
 `` when you touched me , it was like ... the wind . '' 
 we sit up , look at each other . 
 `` hey , bobby o'shea . 
 it 's nice to really meet you . '' 
 `` i thought you were like ... mommy . 
 gone . '' 
 i touch his cheek ; it is softer than i ever imagined . 
 `` no . 
 it just took me a long time to find my way back . '' 
 `` how were you here ? '' 
 i wonder if there will ever be an answer to that . 
 if i will someday know why my dream was a flawed and tattered version of reality or how i ended up here when i was hooked up to machines in a white bed in bakersfield . 
 for now , all i can do is shrug and say the thing i do know . 
 `` magic . '' 
 he thinks about that . 
 `` okay . '' 
 the resilience of children . 
 if only we could hold onto that . 
 i smile . 
 `` so , what have you been doing since i left ? '' 
 he grabs my hand and gets to his feet . 
 `` come on . '' 
 tugging hard , he leads me out of the clearing and toward the house . 
 i can tell he 's impatient with my speed , but the cane and my limp will only allow me to move so fast . 
 i laugh and beg him to slow down . 
 as we move through the yard , i notice how shadowy everything is here on the edge of the deep woods ; night falls quickly here , unlike in my dream world where everything seemed to go slowly . 
 bobby tightens his grip on my hand and veers left . 
 we go around the house and up a small rise . 
 there , behind the house are five small cabins . 
 two are obviously old , and three are of brand new construction . 
 he goes to the closest one-a new one-and opens the door . 
 i follow him inside , stumbling over the threshold . 
 it 's dark in here . 
 behind me , he flicks a switch and light comes on . 
 we are in a small , beautifully constructed cabin with wide plank pine flooring , unfinished walls , and big mullioned windows that overlook the lake . 
 to the left , a door is partway open ; in the space , i can see a bathroom tiled in white with a claw-foot tub . 
 `` he did n't know what to do with the walls . 
 it was n't on the list . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i 'm confused . 
 before i can question him , he re-takes my hand and leads me out of the cabin . 
 `` he fixed 'em all up and built the new ones . 
 'cause of you . '' 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , bobby , i ... '' he stops and looks up at me . 
 `` you know . 
 the list . '' 
 `` what list ? '' 
 he reaches into his shirt pocket , pulls out a worn , yellow piece of paper . 
 it appears well worn , as if refolded endlessly . 
 he opens it , hands it to me . 
 `` we look at it every day . '' 
 i look down at the well-used piece of paper . 
 ibeas . 
 chng nme/rmantic pant trm flwrs fix cbns websit no crpt flr `` oh , '' i whisper , shivering although i 'm not cold . 
 `` how ... '' bobby shrugs . 
 we both know there is no answer to my unvoiced question . 
 it 's like the arrowhead : magic . 
 as impossible as it is , some part of me was here , and i left these words behind . 
 `` i told my daddy you 'd come back , '' he says quietly . 
 when he looks up at me , i am filled with a kind of love i 've never known before . 
 i bend down and take him in my arms , holding him tightly . 
 he is the first to pull away . 
 it could n't have been me . 
 `` come on , '' he says , taking my hand again , pulling me toward the house . 
 as we cross the yard , a wind kicks up . 
 suddenly the world is full of falling petals . 
 it 's snowing pink . 
 at the door , bobby stops and grins up at me . 
 `` let 's surprise him . '' 
 `` oh , it 'll be a surprise , '' i say , feeling my stomach knot up . 
 it is one thing to get a boy to believe in magic ; it 's another thing entirely to pin such impossible hopes on a full-grown man . 
 bobby knocks on the door . 
 footsteps rattle inside the house . 
 i tighten my hold on his hand . 
 the door opens and daniel is there , looking almost exactly as i pictured him . 
 he is not quite as lean as i imagined , and his hair is shorter . 
 but it 's daniel , all right . 
 bobby is moving from foot to foot so excitedly , he seems to be dancing the macarena . 
 i , on the other hand , am as still as stone . 
 `` look , daddy . 
 she 's back . '' 
 i try to smile , but ca n't . 
 all he has to do is shut the door or turn away and i 'll be lost . 
 `` open the damn door , '' i say , my voice catching on the swear word , just as bobby had known it would . 
 `` it 's cold out here . '' 
 `` joy ? '' 
 i hear the confusion in daniel 's voice , the disbelief . 
 bobby laughs . 
 `` i knew he 'd know you . '' 
 i do n't understand . 
 `` how do you recognize me ? '' 
 `` bobby drew about a million pictures of you , '' he says in that lovely brogue of my dreams . 
 `` and he talked about you 'til i could n't stand it anymore . 
 but ... '' `` but what ? '' 
 `` you 're beautiful . '' 
 heat climbs up my cheeks . 
 i feel like a teenager , being noticed by the football captain for the very first time . 
 it is a feeling i thought i 'd never experience again . 
 `` this is insane , '' i whisper . 
 `` joy . '' 
 the way he says my name is like a prayer . 
 it wrenches my heart and gives me hope . 
 without thinking , i move toward him , put my hand on his arm . 
 my cane falls to the floor in a clatter , forgotten . 
 he touches my face , and only then , when i feel the heat of his palm against my cold cheek do i realize how keenly i wanted him to reach for me . 
 his touch is the gentlest i 've ever known . 
 i sigh , seeing a pale cloud of my breath . 
 `` i feel as if i already know you . '' 
 i nod . 
 it 's crazy , but i feel it , too . 
 `` so , who are you , really ? '' 
 `` joy faith candellaro . 
 i 'm a high school librarian from bakersfield . '' 
 `` joy faith , huh ? 
 that 's a grand name . '' 
 he steps back , makes a sweeping gesture with his hand . 
 `` well , come on in . '' 
 i step past him and limp into the house . 
 i can feel him staring at me , and i know he has a dozen unanswerable questions-i know because i 've asked them of myself-but just now i 'm caught between worlds , the here and there of my dream and this reality . 
 there is no registration desk . 
 that 's the first thing i notice . 
 no wall of old-fashioned keys , no counter full of brochures and tourist maps . 
 like rain valley , some of what i saw was real and some was pure imagination . 
 i do n't know how to make sense of it . 
 i turn to my left and see the lobby . 
 the living room . 
 just as in my dream , there is a huge stone fireplace . 
 the decorations bobby and i put on the mantel are still there-the polyester pile of glittery snow , the cast resin homes and stores , the mirror skating pond and horse-drawn carriages . 
 in the corner of the room , exactly where i put it , is a christmas tree , draped in lights and ornaments . 
 beneath it , a lone package sits . 
 the single present is long and thin . 
 it 's crudely wrapped and held together by big strips of masking tape . 
 joy is written on it in red crayon . 
 it is a present for me . 
 and that 's when it hits me : i never had christmas this year . 
 my holiday was spent in a white room that smelled of disinfectant and flowers . 
 there had been no magical holiday morning , no presents to open , and no unending games of monopoly . 
 no one saved christmas for me . 
 until now . 
 tears sting my eyes but do n't fall . 
 of all the people in my life , these two-strangers in the real world-have saved the holiday for me . 
 how is that possible ? 
 or is n't it ? 
 `` it 's march , '' i say , looking up at daniel . 
 suddenly i 'm afraid again that it 's all a lie . 
 `` i 'm in a coma somewhere , are n't i ? '' 
 i step back from him . 
 `` he never stopped believing , '' daniel says to me . 
 `` he would n't have christmas without you . '' 
 `` but the tree ... '' `` it 's our sixth one . '' 
 i limp past him to the tree . 
 i need to feel its pointy needles , smell its sharp fragrance . 
 these are the decorations he put up , one by one , the mementos of his young life . 
 that one was mommy 's favorite ... i made it in day care . 
 there 's a new ornament on the branch nearest me . 
 it 's a small picture frame , formed of fired , painted clay . 
 the kind of thing a child would make at one of those pottery places . 
 inside the red-and-green frame is a stick figure painting of three people-a dark haired man with a big smile , a curly-haired boy , and a red-haired woman . 
 below the people are our names , written in an adult 's careful hand : daniel , bobby , and joy . 
 `` i made it for you , '' bobby says , grinning . 
 `` but daddy helped . '' 
 i turn to daniel . 
 my heart feels swollen suddenly , tender . 
 i do n't know what to say to this man who is both a friend and a stranger . 
 i feel myself starting to cry . 
 it makes me look like a fool , to be moved by something so small , and by people whom i barely know , but i ca n't stop the swell of emotions . 
 i 've felt alone for so , so long now , and now-however impossibly - i feel as if i 've finally come home . 
 `` you must think i 'm crazy ... '' daniel wipes the tears from my cheek . 
 `` you know what 's really crazy ? '' 
 he says in a voice so low that only i can hear . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` a man my age believing in magic . '' 
 he puts his hand around the back of my neck and pulls me in close . 
 `` i do n't know how this whole thing happened , or where we go from here , but i know one thing : we 've been given a gift . '' 
 leaning down to kiss me , he says , `` merry christmas , joy faith candellaro . 
 we 've been waiting for you . '' 
 it is a quick kiss , a touching of lips and nothing more , but it reaches deep inside me , warms a place that has been cold for a long time . 
 i lean into him , put my arms around his neck . 
 as if from a distance , i hear a little boy giggle . 
 `` come on , joy , '' bobby says . 
 `` you have a present to open . '' 
 and i smile . 
 here and now . 
 it is the best present of my life . 
 i look up at daniel and whisper , `` magic , '' and i know that for the rest of our lives we will believe . 
 read on for an exciting preview of kristin hannah 's magic hour available in hardcover spring 2006 from the random house publishing group it will all be over soon . 
 julia cates had lost count of the times she 'd told herself that very thing , but today-finally-it would be true . 
 in a few hours the world would know the truth about her . 
 if she made it downtown , that was . 
 unfortunately , the pacific coast highway looked more like a parking lot than a freeway . 
 the hills behind malibu were on fire again , and smoke hung above the rooftops and turned the normally bright coastal air into a thick brown sludge . 
 all over town terrified babies woke in the middle of the night , crying gray-black tears and gasping for breath . 
 even the surf seemed to have slowed down , as if exhausted by the unseasonable heat . 
 she maneuvered through the cranky , stop-and-go traffic , ignoring the drivers who flipped her off and cut in front of her . 
 it was expected ; in this most dangerous of seasons in southern california , tempers caught fire as easily as backyards . 
 the heat made everyone edgy . 
 finally , she exited the freeway and drove to the courthouse . 
 television vans were everywhere . 
 dozens of reporters huddled on the courthouse steps , microphones and cameras at the ready , waiting for the story to arrive . 
 in los angeles it was becoming a daily event , it seemed ; legal proceedings as entertainment . 
 michael jackson . 
 courtney love . 
 robert blake . 
 julia turned a corner and drove to a side entrance , where her lawyers were waiting for her . 
 she parked on the street and got out of the car , expecting to move forward confidently , but for a terrible second she could n't move . 
 you 're innocent , she reminded herself . 
 they 'll see that . 
 the system will work . 
 she forced herself to take a step , then another . 
 it felt as if she were moving through invisible wires , fighting her way uphill . 
 when she made it to the group , it took everything she had to smile , but one thing she knew : it looked real . 
 every psychiatrist knew how to make a smile look genuine . 
 `` hello , dr. cates , '' said frank williams , the lead counsel on her defense team . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 `` let 's go , '' she said , wondering if she was the only one who heard the wobble in her voice . 
 she hated that evidence of her fear . 
 today , of all days , she needed to be strong , to show the world that she was the doctor they 'd thought she was , that she 'd done nothing wrong . 
 the team coiled protectively around her . 
 she appreciated their support . 
 although she was doing her best to appear professional and confident , it was a fragile veneer . 
 one wrong word could strip it all away . 
 they pushed through the doors and walked into the courthouse . 
 flashbulbs erupted in spasms of blue-white light . 
 cameras clicked ; tape rolled . 
 reporters surged forward , all yelling at once . 
 `` dr. cates ! 
 how do you feel about what happened ? '' 
 `` why did n't you save those children ? '' 
 `` did you know about the gun ? '' 
 frank put an arm around julia and pulled her against his side . 
 she pressed her face against his lapel and let herself be pulled along . 
 in the courtroom , she took her place at the defendant 's table . 
 one by one the team rallied around her . 
 behind her , in the first row of gallery seating , several junior associates and paralegals took their places . 
 she tried to ignore the racket behind her ; the doors creaking open and slamming shut , footsteps hurrying across the marble tiled floor , whispered voices . 
 empty seats were filling up quickly ; she knew it without turning around . 
 this courtroom was the place to be in los angeles today , and since the judge had disallowed cameras in the courtroom , journalists and artists were no doubt packed side by side in the gallery , their pens ready . 
 in the past year , they 'd written an endless string of stories about her . 
 photographers had snapped thousands of pictures of her-taking out the trash , standing on her deck , coming and going from her office . 
 the least flattering shots always made the front page . 
 reporters had practically set up camp outside her condo , and although she had never spoken to them , it did n't matter . 
 the stories kept coming . 
 they reported on her small-town roots , her stellar education , her pricey beachfront condo , her devastating breakup with philip . 
 they even speculated that she 'd recently become either anorexic or addicted to liposuction . 
 what they did n't report on was the only part of her that mattered : her love of her job . 
 she had been a lonely , awkward child , and she remembered every nuance of that pain . 
 her own youth had made her an exceptional psychiatrist . 
 it was , really , the only thing that mattered to her . 
 of course , that bit of truth had never made it to press . 
 neither had a list of all the children and adolescents she 'd helped . 
 a hush fell over the courtroom as judge carol myerson took her seat at the bench . 
 she was a stern-looking woman with artificially bright auburn hair and old-fashioned eyeglasses . 
 the bailiff called out the case . 
 julia wished suddenly that she had asked someone to join her here today , some friend or relative who would stand by her , maybe hold her hand when it was over , but she 'd always put work ahead of socializing . 
 it had n't given her much time to devote to friends . 
 her own therapist had often pointed out this lack in her life ; truthfully , until now , she 'd never agreed with him . 
 beside her , frank stood . 
 he was an imposing man , tall and almost elegantly thin , with hair that was going from black to gray in perfect order , sideburns first . 
 she 'd chosen him because of his brilliant mind , but his demeanor was likely to matter more . 
 too often in rooms like this it came down to form over substance . 
 `` your honor , '' he began in a voice as soft and persuasive as any she 'd ever heard , `` the naming of dr. julia cates as a defendant in this lawsuit is absurd . 
 although the precise limits and boundaries of confidentiality in psychiatric situations are often disputed , certain precedents exist , namely tarasoff v. the board of regents of california . 
 dr. cates had no knowledge of her patient 's violent tendencies and no information regarding specific threats to named individuals . 
 indeed , no such specific knowledge is even alleged in the complaint . 
 thus , we respectfully request that she be dismissed from this lawsuit . 
 thank you . '' 
 he sat down . 
 at the plaintiff 's table , a man in a jet-black suit stood up . 
 `` four children are dead , your honor . 
 they will never grow up , never leave for college , never have children of their own . 
 dr. cates was amber zuniga 's psychiatrist . 
 for three years dr. cates spent two hours a week with amber , listening to her problems and prescribing medications for her growing depression . 
 yet with all that intimacy , we are now to believe that dr. cates did n't know that amber was becoming increasingly violent and depressed . 
 that she had no warning whatsoever that her patient would buy an automatic weapon and walk into her church youth group meeting and start shooting . '' 
 the lawyer walked out from behind the table and stood in the middle of the courtroom . 
 slowly , he turned to face julia . 
 it was the money shot ; the one that would be drawn by every artist in the courtroom and shown around the world , `` she is the expert , your honor . 
 she should have foreseen this tragedy and prevented it by warning the victims or committing ms. zuniga for residential treatment . 
 if she did n't in fact know of ms. zuniga 's violent tendencies , she should have . 
 thus , we respectfully seek to keep dr. cates as a named defendant in this case . 
 it is a matter of justice . 
 the slain children 's families deserve redress from the person most likely to have foreseen and prevented the murder of their children . '' 
 he went back to the table and took his seat . 
 `` it is n't true , '' julia whispered , knowing her voice could n't be heard . 
 still , she had to say it out loud . 
 amber had never even hinted at violence . 
 every teenager battling depression said they hated the kids in their school . 
 that was light-years away from buying a gun and opening fire . 
 why could n't they all see that ? 
 judge myerson read over the paperwork in front of her . 
 then she took off her reading glasses and set them down on the hard wooden surface of her bench . 
 the courtroom fell into silence . 
 julia knew that the journalists were ready to write instantly . 
 outside , there were more of them standing by , ready to run with two stories . 
 both headlines were already written . 
 all they needed was a sign from their colleagues inside . 
 the children 's parents , huddled in the back rows in a mournful group , were waiting to be assured that this tragedy could have been averted , that someone in a position of authority could have kept their children alive . 
 they had sued everyone for wrongful death-the police , the paramedics , the drug manufacturers , the medical doctors , and the zuniga family . 
 the modern world no longer believed in senseless tragedy . 
 bad things could n't just happen to people ; someone had to pay . 
 the victims ' families hoped that this lawsuit would be the answer , but julia knew it would only give them something else to think about for a while , perhaps distribute some of their pain . 
 it would n't alleviate it , though . 
 the grief would outlive them all . 
 the judge looked at the parents first . 
 `` there is no doubt that what happened on february nineteenth at the baptist church in silverwood was a terrible tragedy . 
 as a parent myself , i can not fathom the world in which you have lived for the past months . 
 however , the question before this court is whether dr. cates should remain a defendant in this case . '' 
 she folded her hands on the desk . 
 `` i am persuaded that as a matter of law , dr. cates had no duty to warn or otherwise protect the victims in this set of circumstances . 
 i reach this conclusion for several reasons . 
 first , the facts do not assert and the plaintiffs do not allege that dr. cates had any specific knowledge of identifiable potential victims ; second , the law does not impose a duty to warn except to clearly identifiable victims ; and finally , as a matter of public policy , we must maintain the confidentiality of the psychiatrist-patient relationship unless there is a specific , identifiable threat which warrants the undermining of that confidentiality . 
 dr. cates , by her testimony and her records and pursuant to the plaintiffs ' own assertions , did not have a duty to warn or otherwise protect the victims in this case . 
 thus , i am dismissing her from the complaint , without prejudice . '' 
 the gallery went crazy . 
 before she knew it , julia was on her feet and enfolded in congratulatory hugs by her defense team . 
 behind her , she could hear the journalists running for the doors and down the marble hallway . 
 `` she 's out ! '' 
 someone yelled . 
 julia felt a wave of relief . 
 thank god . 
 then she heard the children 's parents crying behind her . 
 `` how can this be happening ? '' 
 one of them said loudly . 
 `` she should have known . '' 
 frank touched her arm . 
 `` you should be smiling . 
 we won . '' 
 she shot a quick glance at the parents , then looked away . 
 her thoughts trailed off into the dark woods of regret . 
 were they right ? 
 should she have known ? 
 `` it was n't your fault , and it 's time you told people that . 
 this is your opportunity to speak up , to - '' a crowd of reporters swarmed them . 
 `` dr. cates ! 
 what do you have to say to the parents who hold you responsible - '' `` will other parents trust you with their children - '' `` can you comment on the report that the los angeles district attorney 's office has taken your name off the roster of forensic psychiatrists ? '' 
 frank stepped into the fray , reaching back for julia 's hand . 
 `` my client was just released from the lawsuit - '' `` on a technicality , '' someone yelled . 
 while they were focused on frank , julia slipped to the back of the crowd and ran for the door . 
 she knew frank wanted her to make a statement , but she did n't care . 
 she did n't feel triumphant . 
 all she wanted was to be away from all this ... to get back to real life . 
 the zunigas were standing in front of the door , blocking her path . 
 they were paler versions of the couple she 'd once known . 
 grief had stripped them of color and aged them . 
 mrs. zuniga looked up at her through tears . 
 `` you did help her , dr. cates . '' 
 `` she loved both of you , '' julia said softly , knowing it was n't enough . 
 `` and you were good parents . 
 do n't let anyone convince you otherwise . 
 amber was ill . 
 i wish - '' `` do n't , '' mr. zuniga said . 
 `` wishing hurts most of all . '' 
 he put an arm around his wife and drew her close to him . 
 silence fell between them . 
 julia tried to think of more to say , but all that was left was i 'm sorry , which she 'd said too many times to count , and `` good-bye . '' 
 holding her purse close , she eased around them , then left the courthouse . 
 outside , the world was brown and bleak . 
 a thick layer of smoke darkened the sky , obliterating the sun , matching her mood . 
 she got into her car and drove away . 
 as she merged into traffic , she wondered if frank had even noticed her absence . 
 to him it was a game , albeit with the biggest stakes , and as the day 's winner , he would be flying high . 
 he would think about the victims and their families , probably tonight in his den , after a few dewar 's over ice . 
 he would think about her , too , perhaps wonder what would become of a psychiatrist who 'd so profoundly compromised her reputation with failure , but he would n't think about them all for long . 
 he did n't dare . 
 she was going to have to put it behind her now , too . 
 tonight she 'd lay in her lonely bed , listening to the surf , thinking how much it sounded like the beat of her heart , and she 'd try again to get beyond her grief and guilt . 
 she had to figure out what clue she 'd missed , what sign she 'd overlooked . 
 it would hurt-remembering-but in the end she 'd be a better therapist for all this pain . 
 and then , at seven o'clock in the morning , she 'd get dressed and go back to work . 
 helping people . 
 that was how she 'd get through this . 
 girl crouches at the edge of the cave , watching water fall from the sky . 
 she wants to reach for one of the empty cans around her , maybe lick the insides again , but she has done this too many times already . 
 the food is gone . 
 it has been gone for more moons than she knows how to keep track of . 
 behind her the wolves are restless , hungry . 
 the sky grumbles and roars . 
 the trees shake with fear , and still the water drips down . 
 she falls asleep . 
 she wakes suddenly and looks around , sniffing the air . 
 there is a strange scent in the darkness . 
 it should frighten her , send her back into the deep , black hole , but she ca n't quite move . 
 her stomach is so tight and empty it hurts . 
 the falling water is n't so angry now ; it is more of a spitting . 
 she wishes she could see the sun . 
 life is so much better when she is in the light . 
 her cave is so dark . 
 a twig snaps . 
 then another . 
 she goes very still , willing her body to disappear against the cave wall . 
 she becomes like the shadow of herself , flat and motionless . 
 she knows how important stillness can be . 
 him is coming . 
 already he has been gone too long . 
 the food is no more . 
 the sunny days are past , and though she is glad him is gone , without him , she is afraid . 
 in a time-long ago now-her would have helped some , but she is dead . 
 when the forest falls silent again , she leans forward , poking her face into the gray light out there . 
 the darkness of sleepnight is coming ; soon it will be blackness all around . 
 the falling water is gentle and sweet . 
 she likes the taste of it . 
 what should she do ? 
 she glances down at the pup beside her . 
 he is on alert , too , sniffing the air . 
 she touches his soft fur and feels the tremble in his body . 
 he is wondering the same thing : would him be back ? 
 always before him was gone a moon or two at the most . 
 but everything had been changed when her got dead and gone . 
 when him left , he actually spoke to girl . 
 youbegoodwhilei ` mgoneorelse . 
 she does n't understand all of the words , but she knows or else . 
 still , it is too long since he left . 
 there is nothing to eat . 
 she has freed herself and gone into the woods for berries and nuts , but it is the darkening season . 
 soon she will be too weak to find food , and there will be none anyway when the white starts falling and turns her breath into fog . 
 though she is afraid , terrified of the strangers who live out there , she is starving , and if him comes back and sees that she has freed herself , it will be bad . 
 she must make a move . 
 the town of rain valley , tucked between the wilds of the olympic national forest and the roaring gray surf of the pacific ocean , was the last bastion of civilization before the start of the deep woods . 
 there were places not far from town that had never been touched by the golden rays of the sun , where shadows lay on the black , loamy soil all year , their shapes so thick and substantial that the few hardy hikers who made their way into the forest often thought they 'd stumbled into a den of hibernating bear . 
 even today , in this modern age of scientific wonders , these woods remained as they had for centuries , unexplored , untouched by man . 
 less than one hundred years ago , settlers came to this beautiful spot between the rain forest and the sea and hacked down just enough trees to plant their crops . 
 in time they learned what the native americans had learned before them : this was a place that would n't be tamed . 
 so they gave up their farming tools and took up fishing . 
 salmon and timber became the local industries , and for a few decades the town prospered . 
 but in the nineties , environmentalists discovered rain valley . 
 they set out to save the birds and the fish and the eldest of the trees . 
 the men who made their living off the land were forgotten in this fight , and over the years the town fell into a quiet kind of disrepair . 
 one by one the grandiose visions of the town 's prominent citizens faded away . 
 those much-anticipated streetlights were never added ; the road out to mystic lake remained a two-lane minefield of thinning asphalt and growing potholes ; the telephone and electrical lines stayed where they were-in the air-hanging lazily from one old pole to the next , an invitation to every tree limb in every windstorm to knock out the town 's power . 
 in other parts of the world , in places where man had staked his claim long ago , such a falling apart of a town might have dealt a death blow to the citizens ' sense of community , but not here . 
 the people of rain valley were hardy souls , able and willing to live in a place where it rained more than two hundred days a year and the sun was treated like a wealthy uncle who only rarely came to call . 
 they withstood gray days and springy lawns and dwindling ways to make a living , and remained through it all the sons and daughters of the pioneers who 'd first dared to live among the towering trees . 
 today , however , they were finding their spirit tested . 
 it was october seventeenth , and autumn had recently lost its race to the coming winter . 
 oh , the trees were still dressed in their party colors and the lawns were green again after the brown days of late summer , but no mistake could be made : winter was coming . 
 the sky had been low and gray all week , layered in ominously dark clouds . 
 for seven days it had rained almost nonstop . 
 on the corner of wheaton way and cates avenue stood the police station , a squat gray-stone building with a cupola on top and a flagpole on the grassy lawn out front . 
 inside the austere building , the old fluorescent lighting was barely strong enough to keep the gray at bay . 
 it was four o'clock in the afternoon , but the bad weather made it feel later . 
 the people who worked inside tried not to notice . 
 if they 'd been asked-and they had n't - they would have admitted that four to five consecutive days of rain was acceptable . 
 longer if it was only a drizzle . 
 but there was something wrong in this stretch of bad weather . 
 it was n't january , after all . 
 for the first few days , they sat at their respective desks and complained good naturedly about the walk from their cars to the front door . 
 now , those conversations had been pummeled by the constant hammering of rain on the roof . 
 ellen barton-ellie to her friends , which was everyone in town-stood at the window , staring out at the street . 
 the rain made everything appear insubstantial , a charcoal rendering of town . 
 she caught a glimpse of herself in the water-streaked window ; not a reflection , precisely , more of a feeling played out momentarily on glass . 
 she saw herself as she always did , as the younger woman she 'd once been-long , thick black hair and cornflower blue eyes and a bright , ready smile . 
 the girl voted homecoming queen and head cheerleader . 
 as always when she thought about her youth , she saw herself in white . 
 the color of brides , of hope for the future , of families waiting to be born . 
 `` i got ta have a smoke , ellie . 
 you know i do . 
 i 've been really good , but it 's reaching critical mass about now . 
 if i do n't light up , i 'm heading to the refrigerator . '' 
 `` do n't let her do it , '' cal said from his place at the dispatch desk . 
 he sat hunched over the phone , a sheath of black hair falling across his eyes . 
 in high school ellie and her friends had called him the crow because of his black hair and sharp , pointed features . 
 he 'd always had a bony , ill-put-together look , as if he was n't quite at home in his body . 
 at almost forty , he still had a boyish appearance . 
 only his eyes-dark and intense-showed the miles he 'd walked in his lifetime . 
 `` try tough love . 
 nothing else has worked . '' 
 `` bite me , '' peanut snapped . 
 ellie sighed . 
 they 'd had this same discussion only fifteen minutes ago , and ten minutes before that . 
 she put her hands on her waist , resting her fingertips on the heavy gun belt that was slung across her hips . 
 she turned to look at her best friend . 
 `` now , peanut , you know what i 'm gon na say . 
 this is a public building . 
 i 'm the chief of police . 
 how can i let you break the law ? '' 
 `` exactly , '' cal said . 
 he opened his mouth to say more , but a call came in and he answered it . 
 `` rain valley police . '' 
 `` oh , right , '' peanut said . 
 `` and suddenly you 're miss law and order . 
 what about sven morgenstern-he parks in front of his store every day . 
 right in front of the hydrant . 
 when was the last time you hauled his car away ? 
 and large marge shoplifts two boxes of freezer pops and a bottle of nail polish from the drugstore every sunday after church . 
 i have n't processed her arrest papers in a while . 
 i guess as long as her husband pays the tab it does n't matter ... . '' 
 she let the sentence trail off . 
 they both knew she could cite a dozen more examples . 
 this was rain valley , after all , not downtown seattle . 
 ellie had been the chief of police for four years and a patrol officer for eight years before that . 
 although she stayed ready for anything , she 'd never processed a crime more dangerous than breaking and entering . 
 `` are you going to let me have a cigarette or am i going to get a doughnut and a red bull ? '' 
 `` they 'll both kill you . '' 
 `` yeah , but they wo n't kill us , '' cal said , disconnecting his call . 
 `` hold firm , el . 
 she 's the patrol clerk . 
 she should n't smoke in a city building . '' 
 `` you 're smoking too much , '' ellie finally said . 
 `` yeah , but i 'm eating less . '' 
 `` why do n't you go back to the salmon jerky diet ? 
 or the grapefruit one ? 
 those were both healthier . '' 
 `` stop talking and answer me . 
 i need a smoke . '' 
 `` you started smoking four days ago , peanut , '' cal said . 
 `` you hardly need a cigarette . '' 
 ellie shook her head . 
 if she did n't step in , these two would bicker all day . 
 `` you should go back to your meetings , '' she said with a sigh . 
 `` that weight watchers was working . '' 
 `` six months of cabbage soup to lose ten pounds ? 
 i do n't think so . 
 come on , ellie , you know i 'm about ready to reach for a doughnut . '' 
 ellie knew she 'd lost the battle . 
 she and peanut-penelope nutter-had worked side by side in this office for more than a decade and been best friends since high school . 
 over the years their friendship had weathered every storm , from the ruination of ellie 's two fragile marriages to peanut 's recent decision that smoking cigarettes was the key to weight loss . 
 she called it the hollywood diet and pointed out all of the stick-figure celebrities who smoked . 
 grinning at cal , she placed her hands on the desk and pushed herself to a stand . 
 the fifty pounds she 'd gained in the past few years made her move a little slower . 
 she walked over to the door and opened it , although they all knew there 'd be no breeze to suck the smoke away on such a wet and dismal day . 
 ellie went down the hall to the office in the back that was technically hers . 
 she rarely used it . 
 in a town like this , there was n't much call for official business , and she preferred to spend her days in the main room with cal and peanut . 
 she dug past the signs from last month 's pancake breakfast and found a gas mask . 
 putting it on , she headed back down the hall . 
 cal burst out laughing . 
 peanut tried not to smile . 
 `` very funny . '' 
 `` i may want children someday . 
 i 'm protecting my uterus . '' 
 `` if i were you , i 'd worry less about secondhand smoke and more about finding a date . '' 
 `` she 's tried everyone from mystic to aberdeen , '' cal said . 
 `` last month she even went out with that ups guy . 
 the good-looking one who keeps forgetting where he parked his truck . '' 
 peanut exhaled smoke and coughed . 
 `` i think you need to lower your standards . '' 
 `` you sure look like you 're enjoying that smoke , '' cal said with a grin . 
 peanut flipped him off . 
 `` we were talking about ellie 's love life . '' 
 `` that 's all you two ever talk about , '' cal pointed out . 
 it was true . 
 ellie could n't help herself : she loved men . 
 usually-okay , always-the wrong men . 
 peanut called it the curse of the small-town beauty queen . 
 if only ellie had been like her sister and learned to rely on her brains instead of her beauty . 
 but some things simply were n't meant to be . 
 ellie liked having fun ; she liked romance . 
 the problem was , it had n't yet led to true love . 
 peanut said it was because ellie did n't know how to compromise , but that was n't accurate . 
 ellie 's marriages-both of them-had failed because she 'd married good-looking men with itchy feet and wandering eyes . 
 her first husband , former high school football captain al torees , should have been enough to turn her off men for years . 
 but she 'd had a short memory and just a few years after the divorce she married another good-looking loser . 
 poor choices , to be true , but the divorces had n't dimmed her hopes . 
 she still believed in romance and was waiting to be swept away . 
 she knew it was possible ; she 'd seen that true love with her parents . 
 she lifted the gas mask and said , `` any lower , pea , and i 'd be dating out of my species . 
 maybe cal here can set me up with one of his geek friends from the comic book convention . '' 
 cal looked stung by that . 
 `` we 're not geeks . '' 
 `` yeah , '' peanut said , exhaling smoke . 
 `` you 're grown men who think other men in tights look good . '' 
 `` you make us sound gay . '' 
 `` hardly . '' 
 peanut laughed . 
 `` gay men have sex . 
 your friends wear matrix costumes in public . 
 how you found lisa , i 'll never know . '' 
 at the mention of cal 's wife , an awkward silence stumbled into the room . 
 the whole town knew she was a run-around . 
 there was always talk ; men smiled , women frowned and shook their heads at the mention of her name . 
 but here in the police station , they never spoke about it . 
 cal went back to reading his comic book and doodling in his sketch pad . 
 they all knew he 'd be quiet for a while now . 
 ellie sat down at her desk and put her feet up . 
 peanut leaned back against the wall and stared at her through a cloud of smoke . 
 `` i saw julia on the news yesterday . '' 
 cal looked up . 
 `` no kidding ? 
 i got ta turn on the tv more . '' 
 ellie reached behind her head and pulled off the mask . 
 when she set it on the desk , she could n't help sighing . 
 it had only been a matter of time before they came around to the subject of her brilliant younger sister . 
 `` she was dismissed from the lawsuit . '' 
 `` did you call her ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 her answering machine had a lovely tone . 
 i think she 's avoiding me . '' 
 peanut took a step forward . 
 the old oak floorboards , first hammered into place at the turn of the century when bill whipman had been the town 's police chief , shuddered at the movement , but like everything in rain valley , they were sturdier than they appeared . 
 the west end was a place where things-and people-were built to last . 
 `` you should try again . '' 
 `` you know how jealous julia is of me . 
 she especially would n't want to talk to me now . '' 
 `` you think everyone is jealous of you . '' 
 `` i do not . '' 
 peanut gave her one of those who-do-you-think-you 're - fooling ? 
 looks that were the cornerstone of friendship . 
 `` come on , ellie . 
 your baby sister looked like she was hurting . 
 are you going to pretend you ca n't talk to her because twenty years ago you were homecoming queen and she belonged to the math club ? '' 
 in truth , ellie had seen it , too-the haunted , hunted look in julia 's eyes-and she 'd wanted to reach out and help her younger sister . 
 julia had always felt things too keenly ; it was what made her a great psychiatrist . 
 `` she would n't listen to me , peanut . 
 you know that . 
 she considers me only slightly smarter than a pet rock . 
 maybe - '' the sound of footsteps stopped her . 
 someone was running toward their office . 
 ellie got to her feet just as the door swung open , hitting the wall with a crack . 
 lori forman skidded into the room . 
 she was soaking wet and obviously cold ; her whole body was shaking . 
 her kids-bailey , felicia , and jeremy-were clustered around her . 
 `` you got ta come , '' lori said to ellie . 
 `` take a breath , lori . 
 tell me what 's happened . '' 
 `` you wo n't believe me . 
 heck , i 've seen it and i do n't believe me . 
 come on . 
 there 's something on magnolia street . '' 
 `` yee-ha , '' peanut said . 
 `` something 's actually happening in town . '' 
 she reached for her coat on the coatrack beside her desk . 
 `` hurry up , cal . 
 forward the emergency calls to your cell phone . 
 we do n't want to miss all the excitement . '' 
 ellie was the first one out the door . 
