 i have always loved the dark of the moon , when the night is still and serene , when all that can be seen are the stars . 
 there are those who term the dark moon a new moon , but there is nothing new about the moon . 
 it has been here from time forgotten and will be here long after we are dead . 
 i spend my days , and most of my nights , inside a stone fortress in the wilds of montana . 
 i 'm a doctor by trade , though not the kind who gives out lollipops after dispensing vaccines and pills . 
 instead i mix a little of this and a little of that , over and over again . 
 my degree reads `` virologist . '' 
 in english , that means i have a ph.d. in the study of viruses . 
 do n't worry , i wo n't let the excitement kill me . 
 the boredom might , though , if the loneliness does n't do it first . 
 of course , i 'm not completely alone . 
 there 's a guard at the door and my test subjects , but none of them are great conversationalists . 
 lately i 've started to feel watched , which is pretty funny considering i 'm the one in charge of the surveillance cameras . 
 paranoia is one of the first signs of dementia ; except i do n't feel crazy . 
 does anyone ? 
 i 've come to the conclusion i need to get out more . 
 but where would i go ? 
 most days i do n't mind being locked tight inside the safest place in the west . 
 the world is pretty scary . 
 scarier than most people realize . 
 you think the monsters are n't real ? 
 that they 're merely the figment of childish imaginations or delusional psychosis ? 
 you 're wrong . 
 there are things walking the earth worse than anything in grimm 's fairy tales . 
 unsolved mysteries would have a stroke if they got a look at my x-files . 
 but since lycanthropy is a virus , werewolves are my specialty . 
 i 've devoted my life to finding a cure . 
 i have a personal interest . 
 you see , i 'm one of them . 
 the powers that be say a life is formed by changes - decisions made , roads not taken , people we 've left behind . 
 i 'm inclined to agree . 
 on the day my whole world changed - again - a single decision , that fork in the road and the one i left behind walked into my office without warning . 
 i was at my desk updating files , when the scuff of a shoe against concrete made me glance up . 
 the man in the doorway made my heart go ba-boom . 
 he always had . 
 `` nic , '' i murmured , and in my voice i heard more than i wanted to . 
 the strong nose , full lips , wide forehead were as i remembered . 
 but the lines around his mouth and eyes , the darker shade of his skin , hinted at a life spent exposed to the elements . 
 the flicker of silver in his short hair was as shocking as him being here in first place . 
 he did n't smile , did n't return my greeting . 
 i could n't blame him . 
 i 'd professed love , then disappeared . 
 i had n't spoken to him since . 
 seven years . 
 how had he found me ? 
 and why ? 
 concern replaced curiosity , and my hand inched toward the drawer where i kept my gun . 
 the guard had n't called to clear a visitor , so i should shoot first , ask questions later . 
 in my world , an enemy could lurk behind every face . 
 but i 'd always had a tough time shooting people . 
 one of the many reasons the boss kept me isolated in the forest . 
 i 'd learned long ago how to gauge a suit for a shoulder holster . 
 nic had one . 
 a disturbing change in a man who 'd once been both studious and dreamy , in love with the law and me , not necessarily in that order . 
 why was he carrying a gun ? 
 since he had n't drawn his , i drew mine , then pointed the weapon at nic 's chest . 
 loaded with silver , i was ready for anything . 
 except the punch of his deep blue eyes and the familiar timbre of his voice . 
 `` hey , sweetheart . '' 
 in college that endearment had made me all warm and stupid . 
 i 'd promised things i had no right to promise . 
 now the same word , uttered with cool sarcasm , annoyed me . 
 i 'd left for his own good . 
 however , he did n't know that . 
 i got to my feet , stepped around the desk , came a little too close . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i did n't think you 'd be thrilled to see me , but this is n't exactly the welcome i expected . '' 
 his gaze lowered to the gun , and i was distracted by the scent of him . 
 fresh snow , mountain air , my past . 
 he grabbed the weapon , twisted it away , then tucked me against his body with an elbow across my throat . 
 i was no good with firearms . 
 never had been . 
 i choked , and nic released the stranglehold on my windpipe , though he did n't release me . 
 out of the corner of my eye i caught a glimpse of metal on the desk . 
 he 'd put my gun aside . 
 one less thing to worry about . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 i managed . 
 instead of answering , he nuzzled my hair and his breath brushed my ear . 
 my knees quivered ; my eyes burned . 
 having nic so close was making me remember things i 'd spent years trying to forget . 
 and the memories hurt . 
 hell , i still loved him . 
 an uncommon rush of emotion caused my muscles to clench , my stomach to roil . 
 i was n't used to feeling anything . 
 i prided myself on being cool , patrician , in charge : dr. elise hanover , ice queen . 
 when i let my anger loose , bad things happened . 
 but no one had ever affected me like nic . 
 no one had ever made me as happy or as sad . 
 no one could make me more furious . 
 i slammed my spike heel onto his shiny black shoe and ground down with all my weight . 
 nic flinched , and i jabbed my elbow into his stomach . 
 i forgot to pull my punch , and he flew into the wall . 
 spinning around , i watched him slide to the floor , eyes closed . 
 oops . 
 i resisted the urge to run to him , touch his face , kiss his brow . 
 for both our sakes , we could n't go back to the way things had been . 
 nic 's eyelids fluttered , and he mumbled something foul . 
 i let out the breath i 'd been holding . 
 he 'd be all right . 
 i doubted he was often on the losing end of a fight . 
 since i 'd seen him last he 'd bulked up - the combination of age and a few thousand hours with a weight machine . 
 what else had he been doing in the years we 'd been apart ? 
 he 'd planned to become a lawyer , except he did n't resemble any lawyer i 'd ever seen . 
 the suit , yes , but beneath the crisp charcoal material he was something more than a paper-pushing fast talker . 
 perhaps a soldier decked out in his sunday best . 
 my gaze wandered over him , catching on the dark sunglasses hooked into his pocket . 
 suit . 
 muscles . 
 men in black glasses . 
 `` fbi , '' i muttered . 
 now i was really ticked off . 
 nic 's eyes snapped open , crossing once before focusing on my face . 
 `` you always were smarter than you looked . '' 
 i 'd been the victim of enough dumb-blonde jokes to last me several lifetimes . 
 the moronic jabs and riddles had bothered me , until i realized i could use the speaker 's attitude to my advantage . 
 if people thought i was stupid , they were n't expecting anything else . 
 so i did n't rise to nic 's bait . 
 he 'd been sent here by the big boys , without warning , and that meant trouble . 
 `` i suppose you want me to hand over my gun ? '' 
 he grumbled . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` keep it . '' 
 a weapon filled with lead was the least of my worries . 
 he struggled to his feet , and i experienced an instant of concern when he wobbled . 
 i 'd hit him way too hard . 
 `` let me give you some advice , '' he said . 
 `` i 've always found that the people we least expect to shoot us usually do . '' 
 funny , i 'd found that , too . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 his brows lifted . 
 `` no hugs , no kisses ? 
 you are n't glad to see me ? 
 if i remember correctly i should be the one who 's angry . '' 
 he sat on a chair without being invited . 
 `` oh , wait . '' 
 his eyes met mine . 
 `` i am . '' 
 nic had every reason to be furious . 
 i 'd snuck out in the night as if i had something to hide . 
 oh , wait . 
 i did . 
 nevertheless , being near him hurt . 
 i could n't tell nic why i 'd left . 
 i could n't apologize , because i was n't really sorry . 
 i could n't touch him the way i wanted to . 
 i could n't ever touch anyone that way . 
 `` you did n't come here to talk about our past , '' i snapped . 
 `` what does the fbi want with the j ger-suchers ? '' 
 i was n't the only one fighting monsters . 
 i was merely the geeky member of a select group - `` hunter-searchers '' for those a little rusty on their german . 
 though financed by the government , the j ger-suchers were a secret from all but those who needed to know . 
 if it got out that there were monsters running all over the place , people would panic . 
 not only that , but heads would roll . 
 unlimited cash for a special forces monster-hunting unit ? 
 someone would definitely lose their job , and we 'd lose our funding . 
 so we pretended to be things we were n't . 
 for instance , i was a research scientist investigating a new form of rabies in the animal population . 
 most of our field agents carried documentation identifying them as wardens for various natural resource departments . 
 until today , the precautions had worked . 
 no one had ever come snooping before . 
 the question was : why now ? 
 `` i work in the cid . '' 
 criminal investigations division , my mind translated as nic reached into his suit and withdrew his id , flipping it open with an ease born of practice . 
 i did n't bother to look . 
 i knew who he was . 
 i did n't care about his badge . 
 i wanted to hear why he 'd stepped out of the past and into my life . 
 i wanted to discover where the boy i 'd loved had gone and when this man had taken his place . 
 seven years ago nic had been easygoing and fun . 
 i 'd laughed more with him than i 'd ever laughed with anyone else . 
 he 'd been a wealth of contrasts . 
 quick with numbers , clever with words , fast hands , slow smile , a great kiss . 
 we 'd both been alone in the world , searching for something , or maybe someone . 
 we 'd found it in each other . 
 my life had forever been divided into before and after dominic franklin had come into it . 
 i still do n't know if i believe in love at first sight . 
 i saw him so many times before i loved him . 
 but a true , deep , forever love ? 
 in that , i do believe . 
 `` why you ? '' 
 i did n't realize i 'd said the words out loud until he answered them . 
 `` because i 'm the best at what i do . '' 
 `` which is ? '' 
 `` finding missing persons . '' 
 `` what does that have to do with us ? '' 
 `` you tell me . 
 what do you do ? '' 
 could i put him off by telling the lies i 'd told a hundred times before ? 
 would n't hurt to try . 
 `` i 'm studying a new strain of rabies in the wolf population . '' 
 `` never heard of it . '' 
 `` the government does n't want people to know the virus is becoming resistant to the vaccine . '' 
 `` it is ? '' 
 `` no , i made that up . '' 
 my teeth clicked together as i snapped my mouth shut . 
 why could n't i keep quiet ? 
 his lips twitched , almost a smile . 
 but the expression faded as quickly as the moon did at dawn . 
 `` you always wanted to be a doctor . '' 
 `` i am . '' 
 `` a ph.d. is n't an m.d. '' i 'd given up my hopes of treating people after i 'd turned furry the first time . 
 kind of hard to build a practice when you never knew if you were going to wake up covered in blood the morning after a full moon . 
 in truth , i 'd always been fascinated by viruses - where they came from , how they were transmitted , how in hell we could cure them . 
 one of the few bright spots in the past seven years had been my work . 
 i 'd been given carte blanche to study something no one else even knew about . 
 what scientist would n't be tempted ? 
 nic continued to stare at me , no doubt waiting to hear the reason i was n't delivering babies or performing brain surgery . 
 he 'd be waiting a very long time . 
 `` you were going to be a lawyer , '' i said . 
 when in doubt , point the finger elsewhere . 
 `` i am . 
 a majority of our agents have backgrounds in accounting or law . '' 
 huh . 
 i guess we do learn something new every day . 
 `` this facility seems huge , '' he continued . 
 `` how many researchers do you have ? '' 
 we 'd reached the end of my lies and my patience . 
 `` if you want more information , you 'll have to talk to the boss , edward mandenauer . '' 
 one call from edward to washington , d.c. , and nic would be out on his ear . 
 `` fine . 
 where is he ? '' 
 `` wisconsin . 
 that 's east of here , by a lot . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . '' 
 where in wisconsin ? '' 
 `` classified . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` elise , you 're starting to piss me off . '' 
 `` only starting ? '' 
 the smile nearly broke through again , and i thought , there you are , an instant before he caught himself and frowned . 
 this new nic disturbed me . 
 had he become so serious and sad because of the job or because of me ? 
 i did n't like either choice . 
 leaning back , he laced his fingers together and rested his head against his palms . 
 `` i 'll just wait until he calls in . '' 
 i opened my mouth , then shut it again , stumped . 
 i could n't have him hanging around . 
 i was behind schedule . 
 besides , how was i going to explain that there was n't anyone in the compound but me , a single guard , and the werewolves in the basement ? 
 i could throw nic out , or have the guard do it ; however , that kind of behavior would only add to the questions , and no doubt insure we enjoyed more visits from the fbi . 
 better to convince nic to leave on his own if possible . 
 `` edward wo n't be calling for several days , '' i said . 
 `` he 's in the field . 
 you may as well tell me what 's going on . '' 
 nic stared at me for a few seconds before leaning forward and lowering his arms to the table . 
 `` i 've been working on a case for years . 
 a lot of people are no longer where they 're supposed to be , and they have n't shown up anywhere else . '' 
 `` since when do missing persons come under fbi jurisdiction ? '' 
 `` since we have good reason to believe we 're dealing with more than disappearances . '' 
 i heard what he was n't saying . 
 the fbi thought they had a serial kidnapper , if not a serial killer , on their hands . 
 hell , they probably did . 
 what they did n't know was that the culprit was most likely less than human . 
 `` a lot more people vanish in this world than anyone knows about , '' i murmured . 
 nic lifted a brow . 
 i guess i did n't have to tell him that . 
 his business was finding the missing . 
 which made him dangerous to my business . 
 to keep the populace calm , part of the j-s job description was to invent excuses , smooth over the edges , make sure that those who were murdered by evil entities were not searched for by the authorities or their families . 
 `` i still do n't understand how we can help you . 
 is one of the missing people from this area ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` did you trace someone here ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i threw up my hands . 
 `` what then ? '' 
 `` we were sent an anonymous tip . '' 
 i resisted the urge to snort and roll my eyes . 
 the bad guys were forever trying to throw the government at us . 
 if we were unwinding red tape we were n't hunting and searching for monsters . 
 until today , all such attempts had been quelled higher up . 
 the word in washington was that edward mandenauer stood above reproach . 
 he was not to be bothered , and neither were any of his people . 
 obviously nic had n't gotten the top secret memo . 
 i glanced at him as another possibility came to mind . 
 the j ger-suchers might be a clandestine organization , and the location of our compound closely guarded , but recently many of our secrets had gone on the market . 
 we had a traitor in our midst , and we never knew when someone might die . 
 `` what was this tip ? '' 
 `` e-mail . 
 said i 'd find what i was seeking here . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` not much of a tip . '' 
 `` imagine my surprise when i saw your name on the employee roster of the j ger-suchers . '' 
 which explained how he knew so much about me , how he 'd remained so calm upon seeing me , while i 'd been paralyzed . 
 he 'd already known i was here . 
 `` there was precious little information in those personnel files , considering this is a government installation . '' 
 since quite a few of our agents had been on the wrong side of the law at one time or another - sometimes it took a monster to catch a monster - it would n't do for their records to be available to anyone who cared to look . 
 our personnel files were carefully constructed to reveal the very least necessary - or in some cases nothing at all . 
 `` i thought you were dead , '' he murmured , `` and you were right here . '' 
 strange how one small thing was often all it took to break a mystery wide open . 
 people do n't realize how often killers are caught because of an accident , a coincidence , nothing more than a sharp eye skimming an unrelated report and finding a connection . 
 no , i was n't dead , but that did n't mean i did n't want to be . 
 as if realizing he 'd skirted too close to an emotional edge neither one of us wanted to cross , nic withdrew a sheet of paper from his jacket . 
 `` can you check with your people , with manden-auer , see if anyone knows any of the names on this list of missing persons ? '' 
 his face was set , his eyes gone icy blue - back to business . 
 i was alive ; i was no longer missing . 
 i could almost see him checking my name off a list in his brain . 
 would he ever think of me again once he walked out of this room ? 
 probably not , and that was a good thing . 
 so why did i feel so bad ? 
 nic still stood with the list in his hand . 
 i took the paper and tucked it into a pocket without a glance . 
 `` my number 's at the top . '' 
 he rose and his gaze was captured by something on my desk . 
 my breath caught as he stared at the small stuffed crow he 'd once won for me at a local fair . 
 actually won was too lenient a term . 
 he 'd spent five times what the cheesy toy was worth trying to sink a basketball into a hoop . 
 back then he 'd been more bookish than buff . 
 my eyes touched on the broad shoulders packed into the dark suit . 
 he could probably make a basket now , or ram the ball into the hoop by sheer force of will . 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 that i 'd kept the item all these years was far too sentimental a gesture for the cool , distant woman i wanted to be . 
 `` i like crows . '' 
 my voice came out impressively blase , as if the toy meant nothing , but my eyes stung . 
 i had to look away or embarrass myself . 
 i blinked a few times , swallowed , turned to see if he 'd believed my lie and discovered him halfway out the door . 
 surprised , i scurried after , then paused in the hall . 
 he was leaving without pressing me for more answers about the j ger-suchers . 
 i should be glad . 
 people who annoyed edward mandenauer often found themselves on the wrong side of dead . 
 i 'd left nic once so he would n't learn the truth , so he would n't be hurt . 
 this time i 'd let him leave for the same reason . 
 i continued to the front of the building so i could watch nic walk out of my life forever . 
 he might come back , but he was n't getting in . 
 i left explicit instructions to that effect with the guard . 
 i should contact my boss , tell him about the visit from the fbi , but it was just past noon . 
 edward would still be sleeping after hunting all night . 
 there was time enough to call him once i checked on my latest experiment . 
 the only way into the basement laboratory was through the elevator located outside of my office . 
 disguised as a wall panel , the door slid open at the press of my palm to the security monitor . 
 `` good afternoon , dr. hanover . '' 
 the computerized voice never failed to irk me ; i 'm not sure why . 
 extreme security was part of my life . 
 though what i was doing was important , there were nevertheless those who would stop at nothing to keep me from doing it . 
 as the elevator descended to subterranean level , the same mechanical voice intoned , `` retina scan , please . '' 
 i positioned my face in front of the camera . 
 without the appropriate retinas , anyone who managed to get this far would be trapped inside . 
 of course , there was always the possibility someone would cut off my hand and dig out my eye in order to access the basement . 
 luckily , or perhaps not , most of the beings capable of that level of insanity were already incarcerated on the other side of the door . 
 the elevator slid open . 
 a bank of rooms fronted with bulletproof glass lined the walls . 
 all of the chambers - hell , let 's be honest , they were prison cells - were occupied . 
 werewolves are nocturnal - just like the wolves they resemble . 
 even underground , beneath fluorescent lights , they continue to behave like the animals they are . 
 therefore , at this time of the day , the majority of my guests were sleeping . 
 i hurried down the corridor . 
 while most rooms held a hint of light , the better to simulate the muted rays of the sun , the last was completely dark . 
 as dark as billy bailey 's soul would be , if he had one . 
 in front of each cell stood a table with equipment appropriate for that subject 's experiment . 
 i checked the slides i 'd made with billy 's blood . 
 i was n't sure what i was looking for ; i only hoped that when i saw it something would click . 
 but after years of searching , i was n't sure i 'd ever find the answer . 
 a body slammed against the wall with enough force to shake the barrier . 
 calmly i lifted my gaze from the microscope to the naked man plastered against the see-through sector of his prison . 
 `` billy . '' 
 i made a notation on his chart . 
 `` she-bitch , '' he said in a conversational tone . 
 `` redundant , '' i murmured , and he slammed his fist into the glass . 
 he wanted me to shriek , to gasp , at least to jump . 
 but i rarely did . 
 why give him any more satisfaction than he 'd already had in this lifetime ? 
 out of the corner of my eye i watched billy slither back into the gloom . 
 only then did i release the breath i 'd been holding . 
 billy bailey scared the living hell out of me . 
 i never should have asked that he be brought here , but i was desperate . 
 i 'd tried everything i could think of to devise an antidote that would put people back the way they 'd been before they were bitten . 
 i kept coming up empty . 
 i had invented a serum that eased a werewolf 's craving for human blood on the night of a full moon . 
 as well as a counteragent that eradicated the virus if the victim was injected before their first change . 
 sadly , the remedy did n't work on the already furry . 
 i glanced into the darkness where billy hovered , waiting for me to make a mistake . 
 `` you need more blood , '' he said . 
 his voice slid out of shadows , and i stifled a shiver . 
 billy was always watching me . 
 he knew i was something , but he was n't sure what . 
 because i was like him , and then again i was n't . 
 as in the legends , most werewolves are created by being bitten . 
 there are other ways for humans to become furry , of course . 
 the list is as endless as the monsters . 
 i was a perfect example . 
 i 'd spent the first twenty-plus years of my life blissfully unaware of werewolves . 
 then one night i had just ... become . 
 i was a werewolf , but i did n't have the demon - shorthand in the j-s society for the psychotic joy in murdering anyone who crossed our path . 
 killing sickened me . 
 nevertheless , i was still possessed every month by the lust for blood . 
 hence my first invention . 
 yet even when i took my medicine , i continued to change whenever the moon was full . 
 i had little choice . 
 however , no one but myself and edward were aware of my secret . 
 which was why my very existence was driving billy more insane than he already was . 
 i glanced up as he materialized again from the darkness . 
 billy refused to wear clothes . 
 i 'm sure he sensed that his nudity disturbed me , though not because of any sexual interest . 
 his extreme height , incredible breadth , and large ... feet would disturb anyone , even without the crisscross of scars that peppered his chest and back . 
 since any scars received before a person became a werewolf remained , i 'd come to the conclusion that in his previous life , billy had been a very bad boy . 
 `` your arm , please . '' 
 billy 's lips tightened . 
 despite the bulletproof glass , i felt the fury pulsing from him like a flame . 
 yet his gray eyes were the coldest i 'd ever known . 
 just looking into them for an instant could make me nauseous for an hour . 
 `` what if i do n't want to give you my arm ? '' 
 with billy everything was a struggle . 
 `` you know i can make you . '' 
 he ran forward , banging against the clear wall again . 
 sometimes i thought billy was n't the brightest crayon in the box . 
 how many times did he have to test the glass before he believed it was impenetrable ? 
 `` it 's no use , billy . '' 
 billy had been a trigger away from oblivion when i 'd requested his presence in my compound . 
 after chasing him for decades , edward had n't wanted to let billy live . 
 he was a very old werewolf . 
 no one knew how old , and billy was n't saying . 
 he 'd been very difficult to apprehend since he did n't play well with others . 
 wolves are social animals , werewolves , too . 
 very few live their lifetimes alone . 
 they seek out those like themselves and create a pack . 
 a lone wolf is not only a dangerous animal , but mighty hard to find running loose in the forests and large cities of the world . 
 a needle in a haystack had nothing on billy . 
 his size made me think viking , except he was as swarthy as a hun . 
 the shape of his face recalled cro-magnon man , accented by his shaggy black hair . 
 no matter when billy had been born , no matter when he was made , the fact remained , he was ancient , deadly , and he 'd had practice being crazy for longer than i 'd had practice at anything . 
 `` when i get out of here i 'm going to fuck you . 
 first in this form and then the other . '' 
 he lowered his hand and began to massage himself . 
 `` i 'm going to screw you until you scream . 
 i 'm going to fuck you until you die . '' 
 though my hands were trembling , i lifted my gaze and met his without flinching . 
 `` you 're never going to get out of here , billy . 
 never . '' 
 he recited his fantasies of rape , bondage , and torture every time i came near him . 
 they did wonders for my guilt over keeping men and women in cages . 
 they were n't human . 
 not really . 
 not anymore . 
 i snapped on a pair of gloves , lifted a syringe , and pushed a button on the wall of the cell . 
 a whirring noise preceded the presentation of the contraption for billy 's arm . 
 he was supposed to place his forearm in an indentation . 
 manacles would clamp down , and i could draw blood without risk of injury . 
 instead of following procedure , billy ripped the device from the wall . 
 sighing , i tossed the gloves and syringe onto the table , as a steel door slid over the hole in the glass . 
 i 'd wanted billy for this very reason . 
 he was the oldest living werewolf on record . 
 he could n't have existed for the centuries i suspected without incredible strength . 
 i was hoping powerful blood would allow me to cure a powerful virus . 
 i considered my options , which were few . 
 i 'd tested the other werewolves throughout the cycle of the moon . 
 none of them had been any help . 
 i needed to test billy 's blood tonight , and every night for the next week . 
 i could n't drug him ; that would throw off the results . 
 i 'd have to restrain him , which was as frightening as it was difficult . 
 billy smirked . 
 he knew what i was thinking , planning , and he could n't wait . 
 a frantic howling erupted from the speaker on the wall . 
 the real wolves , which i kept outside . 
 glancing at the clock , i bit my lip . 
 not even close to their usual feeding time . 
 perhaps a raccoon had trotted past the outdoor run . 
 done a little `` na , na , na , na , na '' dance on the other side of the fence . 
 that always set them off . 
 the howls turned into yips , then lowered to whimpers . 
 something was n't right . 
 `` they sound upset . '' 
 billy bared his teeth in a grin that was more of a snarl . 
 the wolves erupted again , and the hair on my arms tingled . 
 `` you 'd better check on them . '' 
 he tilted his head . 
 `` but that is n't your job , is it ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 how did he know so damned much about me when he was locked in down here ? 
 `` i wonder what you 're afraid of . 
 then i imagine bringing it to you . '' 
 billy sidled close enough to the glass that his ever-present erection thumped against it . 
 he started giving himself another hand job , no doubt excited at the prospect of my fear . 
 `` big , bad j ger-sucher '' his voice had gone breathy . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 be scared , baby . '' 
 i turned away . 
 i was going to have to take edward 's advice and get rid of billy . 
 he was too crazy , even for this place . 
 the elevator 's whir was a soothing sound , as was the click of my heels along the tile floor leading to the back door . 
 i was headed away from billy , the basement , and the compound . 
 what was n't to like ? 
 after punching in the code to release the alarm , i stepped through , then lifted my face to the sky . 
 dusk approached . 
 i 'd been downstairs longer than i thought . 
 i always lost track of time when i was working . 
 a security camera shared wall space with a machine gun that could be operated from the inside . 
 edward spared no expense to keep the compound impenetrable - except from the fbi . 
 i slipped off my heels and shoved my feet into the ancient sneakers i kept near the back door . 
 i did n't come out here very often , but when i did i always changed shoes . 
 high heels and a dirt trail went together like spaghetti and tuna fish . 
 i set off down the path , my feet sliding around inside shoes that were made to be worn with sweat socks . 
 the fence began about thirty yards from the compound and encircled a living area of several miles . 
 though much smaller than the typical territory of a wolf pack , the reduced size was necessary in order to keep the animals close enough for observation . 
 still , a prison was a prison no matter how we pretended otherwise . 
 inside , the four adults and two pups had stopped howling , although they crouched at the edge of the trees as if frightened . 
 i 'd done some initial experiments with them , but wolves were n't werewolves . 
 just as werewolves were n't people . 
 these had n't been of any help . 
 as soon as they saw me , the wolves scuttled even farther into the shadows . 
 like billy , they knew i was n't what i appeared and stayed as far from me as they could . 
 sighing , i turned , and my heart slammed against my chest . 
 nic stood a few feet away . 
 how had he snuck up on me ? 
 no one did . 
 perhaps my senses had become muted from too much easy living . 
 `` they would n't let me in , '' he said . 
 my mouth moved but nothing came out . 
 nic did n't seem to notice my sudden inability to speak . 
 he jerked his chin at the wolves . 
 `` what 's with them ? '' 
 `` i - i 'm not sure . '' 
 there . 
 i could talk . 
 `` they were howling . 
 upset . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` have you been lurking around out here ? '' 
 that might explain why the wolves were acting strangely , although they were used to humans . 
 the guards took care of their needs , so nick 's presence alone should n't have set them off . 
 i glanced toward the compound , narrowed my eyes on the security camera . 
 however , nic 's presence should have alerted the guard - especially since i 'd told him nic was n't welcome here . 
 `` i left , '' nic answered . 
 `` when i came back your goon would n't let me talk to you . '' 
 `` there 's nothing else to say . '' 
 `` i disagree . '' 
 he crossed the few feet separating us and flicked a finger toward the animals . 
 `` are these wolves infected ? '' 
 his shoulder brushed against mine , and i nearly blurted `` infected ? '' 
 as if i had no idea what he was talking about . 
 that single touch , which was n't a touch at all but an accident - cloth against cloth , not skin against skin - made me remember far too many things . 
 the taste of his mouth in the darkness . 
 the scent of his hair covered with rain . 
 the length of his legs tangled with mine . 
 we 'd never had sex , but we 'd done just about everything else . 
 i 'd wanted him with all the pent-up passion of a deprived youth . 
 never having had him only served to make nic franklin the subject of every one of my fantasies . 
 `` no , '' i snapped , clenching my hands until my nails bit into my palms . 
 `` these are n't infected . '' 
 `` but - '' `` i need healthy wolves , too . 
 i ca n't cure a disease if i do n't know what its opposite looks like . '' 
 which was true . 
 i was trying to cure lycanthropy , a virus that made men into wolves - or something like them . 
 nic stared into the woods along with me . 
 the man i remembered would pick at a problem until he had the answer , an annoying trait , which would have made him a terrific trial lawyer . 
 probably made him an even better fbi agent . 
 i only hoped he would n't pick at the mystery of the j-s society until it unraveled . 
 my boss would do anything to keep us in business . 
 he knew , as did i , that we saved more lives than we lost . 
 what we did was important , and we had to be allowed to keep doing it . 
 i rested my palm against the chain-link fence . 
 i should go inside , but out here in the forest , with my back to the stone compound , i could almost forget what life was like in there . 
 nic 's fingers covered mine . 
 his hand was large and dark , both gentle and rough . 
 startled , my gaze flicked to his , and he kissed me . 
 in an instant i was young again ; i still had hope and a future . 
 all the love rushed back , filling me up yet leaving me achingly empty . 
 no matter how much i touched him it had never been enough . 
 he tasted the same - like red wine on a cold winter night . 
 his heat had always melted my ice . 
 with nic i 'd been warm , safe , alive . 
 i had n't felt that way since . 
 which was the only reason i did n't shove him away as i should have . 
 opening my mouth , i welcomed him in , trailed my tongue along his crooked eye tooth . 
 he moaned and crowded me against the fence , aligning our bodies just right . 
 i forgot where i was , who i was , and who he was , loosening his jacket and tie , then several buttons of his shirt , so i could slip my fingers inside and trace the soft , curling hair that matted his chest . 
 his muscles shuddered and flexed . 
 calluses he had n't had seven years ago caught on my panty hose as he traced his hands up my thighs and beneath my skirt . 
 we should n't have been doing this for more reasons than one . 
 the most important , the security camera through which the guard was probably getting a year 's worth of jollies . 
 the thought made me stiffen , but i could n't escape . 
 my shoulders to the chain link , my front was plastered to nic . 
 he tugged on my lip with his teeth , then lifted me just enough to grind us together in the best , or perhaps the worst , possible way . 
 i forgot all about the camera . 
 right now , i did n't give a damn who saw me . 
 i needed ... something . 
 or maybe someone . 
 a body slammed between my shoulder blades , and i grunted at the impact . 
 if not for nic , i would have fallen . 
 he lifted his head ; his eyes widened and he loosened his hold . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i spun around . 
 the four adult wolves had gone berserk , throwing themselves at the steel fence , growling and snarling . 
 the two pups slunk back and forth at the edge of the tree line . 
 whining periodically , they waited and they watched , but they did n't come any closer . 
 `` you said they were n't rabid . '' 
 nic 's arm was still around me , my right side pressed to his left . 
 i moved away . 
 i could n't be close to him and think straight . 
 `` they were n't . 
 i mean , they are n't '' `` that looks like rabid to me . '' 
 he frowned at the spittle dripping from their muzzles and the rolling whites of their eyes . 
 i 'd tested these wolves inside out . 
 there was nothing wrong with them . 
 present psychotic outbreak aside . 
 i studied the animals more closely . 
 they were scared but not of nic . 
 they were angry but not at me . 
 instead , they continued to hit the fence , slaver , snarl , and stare at the compound as if it held something they 'd enjoy tearing into bloody pieces . 
 contrary to popular belief , wolves are n't vicious - unless starved or rabid . 
 my wolves were neither . 
 i 'd bet my life on it . 
 which meant ... i took one step in the direction of the compound , and the building blew sky high . 
 the force of the explosion sent us both to the ground . 
 through some acrobatic maneuver , nic managed to cover my body with his . 
 debris rained everywhere . 
 my ears rang . 
 i thought i 'd gone deaf until i realized the wolves were howling right next to my head . 
 nic eased off me . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 i sat up , staring at the flaming compound . 
 `` my guess is a really big bomb . '' 
 `` bomb ? '' 
 he leaped to his feet . 
 `` what makes you think a bomb ? '' 
 `` you 're the hotshot fbi agent . 
 what does that look like to you ? '' 
 `` gas explosion ? '' 
 `` if we had any gas out here . 
 electricity fired this place . 
 and last time i checked , electricity does n't cause fiery , explosive death . '' 
 he peered at his suddenly dirty shoes for several ticks of the clock , then offered me a hand . 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 since touching him was a stupid idea and kissing him had been an even worse one , i got up on my own . 
 when i touched people , bad things happened . 
 i contemplated the heat and the flames . 
 really bad things . 
 the building was little more than a flaming crater . 
 the guard was dead . 
 i was n't sure about the werewolves in the basement . 
 burning the bodies after they 'd been shot with silver left ashes , but would a firebomb kill a werewolf ? 
 i did n't have a clue . 
 a chill came over me that had nothing to do with the wind . 
 what if billy were alive ? 
 i swayed and almost fell . 
 what if he were alive and free ? 
 nic , who 'd been creeping closer to the blaze , hurried to my side and clutched my elbow . 
 `` are you dizzy ? '' 
 i closed my eyes on another cheery thought . 
 not only did i have to worry about billy , but my notes , my serum , the antidote were gone . 
 `` elise , you 'd better sit down again . '' 
 i shook nic off , took a deep breath , let it out slowly , then took another . 
 `` my work , '' i managed . 
 `` everything was inside . '' 
 he blinked , glanced at the compound , then at me . 
 `` you must have it backed up off-site . '' 
 true . 
 however , i did n't know where that somewhere was . 
 only edward did , and he was in wisconsin . 
 `` you do n't ? '' 
 nic 's voice was incredulous . 
 `` yes , of course . 
 but there were things in there i 'm going to need . '' 
 i glanced at the sky , contemplating the lopsided , three-quarter moon . 
 soon . 
 nic patted his pocket , and a bewildered expression crossed his face , followed almost immediately by a dawning understanding . 
 `` left my cell in the car . '' 
 dazed , i followed him around the crackling building to the front parking lot . 
 he stopped walking , and i ran into his back . 
 `` uh-oh , '' he muttered . 
 leaning to the side , i saw the problem . 
 the cars were on fire , too . 
 `` i guess that makes sense , '' nic said , almost to himself . 
 `` this kind of damage , usually a car bomb . '' 
 i guess he should know . 
 `` how many vehicles were supposed to be in this lot ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i glanced at the piles of fiery metal and counted . 
 `` one less than we 've got . '' 
 his lips tightened . 
 `` does n't really tell us all that much , but i can get someone here who can . 
 got a phone ? '' 
 `` in my office . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 he scrubbed his fingers through his hair , leaving a few strands standing on end . 
 if he had n't been six-three and about two-twenty , he would have looked like a little boy with cowlicks . 
 as it was , i found myself charmed far beyond what was good for me . 
 `` this makes no sense , '' he continued . 
 `` why would anyone want to blow up a medical research facility ? '' 
 since we were a lot more than that , there were quite a few people , and nonpeople , too , who would love to blow j-s headquarters to hell and gone . 
 not just the building , either , but me , edward , and any other agents they could take out in the process . 
 we did n't need the fbi here . 
 lord knows what else they might uncover when they started sifting through the rubble . 
 if i could get to a phone ahead of nic , edward would take care of the cover-up . 
 a cool wind sifted through the trees , bringing with it the scent of winter . 
 we 'd been lucky so far ; it was november and we 'd only had a dusting of snow . 
 i glanced to the west where dark clouds billowed on the horizon . 
 that was about to change . 
 something cracked and fell inside the smouldering crater , the sound echoing through the forest . 
 a wolf yipped , beyond the fence , not one of mine , and i started to get nervous about being in the open without a gun . 
 `` where 's the nearest town ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` sixty miles , give or take . '' 
 his stare was blank . 
 he could n't get his mind around the concept . 
 `` where do you live ? '' 
 i pointed to the flames . 
 `` you live and work here ? '' 
 `` there is n't anywhere else . '' 
 besides , i worked all the time . 
 why bother to rent elsewhere , even if it was safe to do so ? 
 sure , sometimes i left the compound , even the state , on special orders from edward . 
 but once those orders were completed , i hurried back and disappeared once more behind the locked doors . 
 `` what about groceries , clothes ... ? '' 
 he spread his big hands wide . 
 `` stuff and junk ? '' 
 `` supplies arrive twice a month . '' 
 he opened his mouth , then shut it again , and his eyes narrowed . 
 `` there 's more to this place than medical research , is n't there ? '' 
 i did n't answer . 
 in the end , i did n't have to . 
 a shadow scooted behind a tree at the edge of the parking lot . 
 i turned that way , wishing like hell i 'd brought my gun . 
 nic had one , but without silver bullets it would n't do much good against most of the things that were after me . 
 still ... i reached for nic 's arm , planning to ask for his weapon , or at least tell him to pull it out , and the shadow shimmered , almost taking form , before blending into the half-darkness once again . 
 curious , i let my hand drop and took a step toward the trees . 
 a sound came from the woods , one i 'd heard only a few times before . 
 however , when dealing with gunshots , once is more than enough . 
 i yanked nic with me to the ground . 
 the bullet whistled through the air where our heads had been , then thunked into something solid on the other side of the parking lot . 
 i glanced at nic . 
 he had a glock in his hand , and i had n't even seen him move . 
 impressive . 
 `` where did that come from ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` there . '' 
 i pointed to the tree where i could have sworn i saw the shape of a human being - except in my world , they might not be human anymore . 
 if billy was alive , he would n't bother with a gun . 
 he had so many better weapons in his arsenal . 
 besides , billy was the kind of guy who liked to get his hands , as well as his fangs , dirty . 
 nic made a move to get up , and i pulled him down . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to be a sitting duck . 
 i 've got a gun , too . '' 
 which would n't do him a bit of good when shooting at a werewolf . 
 the conundrum made me hesitate long enough for nic to slip out of my reach . 
 instead of running into the woods , he stared at me with narrowed eyes . 
 `` who did you piss off , elise ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 who says they were n't trying to kill you ? '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 guess he had n't thought of that . 
 nic lifted the leg of his slacks and handed me a .38 from the ankle holster . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 he headed into the forest . 
 when no shots were fired , i concluded that whoever had been there was gone . 
 i inched across the parking lot , avoiding the burning piles of metal that had once been cars . 
 gauging the trajectory from the tree where i 'd seen the shadowy figure , to the area where we 'd been standing , then beyond , i was able to find the bullet embedded in a smoldering signpost . 
 the spent ammo looked like any other . 
 however , my fingers burned the instant i brought them close to the bullet . 
 the reaction could have been from the continuing heat of the fire , except it was n't . 
 the bullet was silver . 
 `` huh , '' i murmured as i drew back my hand . 
 `` guess they were after me . '' 
 no one knew i was a werewolf . 
 my true nature was definitely not in my personnel file . 
 so i could n't explain how my secret had been sold , but right now i had other things to worry about . 
 especially when another gunshot sounded . 
 the wolves howled again , their mournful serenade causing my skin to tingle . 
 i wanted to shout nic 's name . 
 instead , i tightened my fingers around his weapon and moved toward the trees . 
 i 'd gone only a few steps when i heard someone coming . 
 from the sound of the voice muttering a litany of curses , that someone was nic . 
 `` i take it you missed , '' i said in lieu of a greeting . 
 he glanced up , his expression curious . 
 `` i could have sworn i did n't . 
 he fell - '' my ears perked at the pronoun . 
 `` he ? '' 
 `` hard to tell . 
 he , or she , got up , then they were just gone . '' 
 he snapped his fingers . 
 `` your guess is as good as mine . '' 
 mine was probably better . 
 if nic had shot someone , and they 'd gotten up and disappeared at the speed of the wind , my bet was werewolf . 
 but if that was the case , why bother to run ? 
 hell , why use a gun in the first place ? 
 i did n't want to stick around long enough to find out . 
 `` ca n't believe i did n't hit him , '' nic murmured . 
 `` it happens . '' 
 i considered returning nic 's gun , then decided something was better than nothing even if i had no silver bullets , and shoved the weapon into the pocket of my skirt . 
 `` not to me . '' 
 i did n't comment . 
 regardless of who had fired the shot , of who , or what , nic had chased , he would be ill-equipped to catch them . 
 he could be the best fbi agent in the business , but when faced with a traitorous j ger-sucher , a rogue agent , a werewolf , or something else , he 'd be chasing shadows until they decided he was a nuisance . 
 then he 'd just be dead . 
 what was i going to do with him ? 
 `` we need to get to a phone . '' 
 nic holstered his gun . 
 `` good luck . '' 
 `` there has to be one somewhere . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 sixty miles from here in the next town . '' 
 i glanced at the thick trees , the steadily darkening sky , then i thought of the shadows , the silver , of billy , and i shivered . 
 `` we should start walking . '' 
 really , really fast . 
 `` walking ? '' 
 nic frowned as if he 'd never done such a thing before . 
 `` you have a better idea ? '' 
 i spread my hands , indicating the parking lot where every car was on fire . 
 `` sooner or later someone will turn up . 
 wo n't they ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 in two weeks , when we 're due for supplies . '' 
 `` no one else comes to this facility ? 
 no one will call and wonder why you are n't answering ? '' 
 edward would . 
 then he 'd hop the next flight west to discover what had happened . 
 i did n't want him to . 
 whoever had done this knew far too much about us . 
 hence the silver bullet . 
 if they knew that , they knew edward would show eventually , which might be just what they 'd been after all along . 
 i needed to get in touch with my boss without being overheard . 
 failing that , i needed to get to him without being followed . 
 i slid a glance in nic 's direction . 
 either one was going to be tricky . 
 `` i 'm on my own , '' i said . 
 `` there 's not a single person in the vicinity ? 
 no groundskeeper ? 
 no friendly neighborhood hermits ? 
 what about those montana militants we 're always investigating ? '' 
 `` sorry . 
 the isolation was a big selling point . '' 
 however , his comment did make me remember that we were n't completely without wheels . 
 `` there 's an outbuilding past the wolf enclosure . '' 
 i gazed into the trees . 
 `` we keep an atv there . '' 
 `` how far can we go on that ? '' 
 `` farther and faster than we can make it on foot . '' 
 i wanted to put as much distance as i could between myself , the compound , any undead monsters , and that silver-bullet-shooting gun before dark . 
 even though i sensed the shooter was gone , i was n't going to bet my life , or nic 's , on that feeling . 
 `` you have any idea who might want to shoot you ? '' 
 nic asked , as he followed me through the woods . 
 `` the list is endless . '' 
 i kept my voice dry . 
 the better to seem sarcastic , even though i was n't . 
 `` elise , this is serious . '' 
 `` i got that when the building blew up . '' 
 how was i going to keep him from asking questions all the way to a telephone ? 
 how would i keep him , and me , alive until we got there ? 
 i did n't have a clue . 
 i 'd reach town a lot easier on my own , but i could n't leave nic behind . 
 he had no idea what we were facing . 
 figuring the wolf enclosure , at least , should be free of a gun-wielding killer , i skirted the fence line . 
 when one of my wolves slammed into the chain link , i let out a small shriek and slammed into nic . 
 he tried to steady me , but i pulled away to move closer . 
 the alpha male - jose - stood on the other side of the barricade . 
 he was frightened , and that was n't like him . 
 `` i need to set them free , '' i murmured . 
 `` are you nuts ? '' 
 nic snagged my elbow , but i tugged myself loose and headed for the gate . 
 `` i ca n't leave them locked up with no one to take care of them . '' 
 `` wolves can take care of themselves . '' 
 maybe . 
 but they 'd do better outside than in . 
 `` stay back . '' 
 i punched in the code that would open the door . 
 a minute later i watched as all six melted into the trees . 
 heavy clouds obscured the three-quarter moon . 
 even though that should make it a lot harder to shoot me , the encroaching shadows made me nervous . 
 the moon might be hidden , but it was still there , and so were the monsters . 
 nic kept pace as i made my way double-time down the path . 
 `` any idea who might have planted that bomb ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the cardinal rule of law enforcement 101 must be to ask the same question a thousand different ways . 
 `` no visitors but you . '' 
 i had a sudden flash . 
 nic had been outside for hours while i was in the basement . 
 had he been reading a book , or instructing an accomplice where to deliver a bomb ? 
 then again , why would he blow up j-s headquarters when he did n't even know what we were doing there ? 
 unless he understood more than he was saying . 
 unless he was more than he appeared - like me . 
 i stopped and so did nic . 
 he tilted his head . 
 `` i swear i did n't torch the place . '' 
 `` so swears every mad bomber . '' 
 his lips twitched , but when he spoke his voice held steady . 
 `` if i blew up the compound , then who shot at us ? '' 
 `` your co-conspirator ? '' 
 `` paranoid much ? '' 
 `` every damn day . '' 
 nic moved closer , and his breath brushed my hair . 
 `` you never used to be so tense . '' 
 `` i never used to be a lot of things . '' 
 his hand cupped my elbow , and i nearly jumped out of my skin . 
 `` relax . 
 i 'm not going to hurt you . '' 
 his thumb slid across a long , black mark that shone starkly against the winter-white material of my favorite suit . 
 crap now , along with everything else i owned . 
 with nic touching me , even through the fabric , i could n't work up the energy to care . 
 `` when we finally have sex , '' he whispered , `` it 'll be on silk sheets , in a real bed , where i can show you what i 've been fantasizing about for seven years . '' 
 the air smelled of heat , fire , of him . 
 my body went tight and wet . 
 if he touched me , i just might forget that we had places to go , monsters to avoid . 
 `` we are n't going to have sex . '' 
 i removed my arm from his grasp . '' 
 ever . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 he made a disgusted sound - but whether that was for me or himself , i had no idea - and turned his back . 
 `` you keep on believing that . '' 
 i was n't sure what to say , what to do . 
 one minute nic seemed to hate me . 
 the next , what i saw in his eyes was far from hate , though the expression was n't love . 
 i 'd seen love in his eyes before . 
 the only man i 'd ever wanted was nic . 
 now he was here , and i could n't have him . 
 if i did , i risked so much more than myself . 
 without another word , i tromped down the trail . 
 the scent of blood reached me long before i found the source . 
 a flayed rabbit lay in the middle of the path . 
 my gaze wandered over the trees , but i saw no one , heard nothing . 
 did they think the blood would make me foolish ? 
 if so , they had no idea whom they were dealing with , no clue what i had done so that something like this was little more than a prank - although i doubted the bunny had found it funny . 
 perhaps whoever was after us did n't know as much as they thought . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 nic bent to study the blood and the fur . 
 `` never mind . 
 let 's just get out of here . '' 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 he plucked something from the ground , then offered his hand , palm up , in my direction . 
 i leaned closer and my breath caught . 
 a tiny wolf - a talisman , a totem , a charm . 
 i 'd seen one before , been studying it , too , trying to figure out how and why the thing was magic . 
 but the icon should have blown up along with the building . 
 even if it had been thrown this far into the woods , that particular talisman had been fashioned from black stone . 
 this one was white plastic , with sparkling blue eyes . 
 the thing would have been tacky , if it was n't so creepy . 
 even without the bloody kill nearby . 
 `` elise ? '' 
 i blinked and looked into nic 's face . 
 i must have been staring at the wolf for quite a while , because his expression was troubled . 
 `` do you know what this is ? '' 
 `` totem . '' 
 `` like totem pole ? '' 
 `` no . 
 the ojibwe clan system uses totems or dodi-ams . 
 tiny icons that hold spiritual power - the essence of a clan animal . '' 
 `` you do n't actually believe an icon can hold power ? 
 that an animal has an essence ? '' 
 `` what i believe does n't matter . 
 they believe it . '' 
 and a lot more . 
 i considered nic . 
 `` you do n't put any store in power ? 
 magic ? 
 the supernatural ? '' 
 his blue eyes met mine . 
 `` no . '' 
 it would be interesting to prove him wrong , but i did n't have the time . 
 `` do the ojibwe live around here ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i resisted the urge to sneer . 
 why would a stuffed-shirt fbi agent know which indian tribes were common to the area , even though he should ? 
 `` in montana there are sioux , crow , blackfoot , to name a few . 
 the ojibwe live in minnesota , canada , and wisconsin . '' 
 `` wisconsin ? '' 
 his head went up . 
 `` where manden-auer is . '' 
 since he was n't asking a question , i did n't bother to answer . 
 `` strange , '' he murmured . 
 i had to agree . 
 discovering an ojibwe icon in montana , while edward resided in the land from whence it came , was too much of a coincidence for comfort . 
 however , i did n't know what it meant . 
 i took the talisman from nic 's palm , then glanced at the rabbit . 
 more arrows than one were pointing me to the land of milk and cheese . 
 `` come on , '' i told nic . 
 `` we 're almost to the shed . '' 
 i pocketed the tiny white wolf and stepped over the dead brown bunny . 
 as i did , i heard a muffled growl . 
 `` hungry ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 i glanced at the fur and blood . 
 `` no . '' 
 the muffled growl had n't come from me but from the totem in my pocket . 
 i could n't tell nic . 
 he did n't believe in magic . 
 he 'd take me to the nearest hospital , lock me up and throw away the key . 
 then we 'd have real trouble , since my medication had blown up with the compound . 
 me , locked inside , with the full moon less than a week away . 
 yeah , trouble . 
 however , that was the least of my worries at the moment . 
 we reached the shed ; nic inspected the place with typical fbi precision . 
 no one was inside . 
 no one had tampered with the atv . 
 `` i 'll drive , '' 1 said . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 `` you do n't get to think . 
 i know where we 're going . '' 
 `` i could figure it out , '' he grumbled , but he climbed on behind me . 
 i could tell by the tenseness of nic 's thighs against mine , and the tiny starts he was unable to stop every time the atv tipped a little too far to one side , that he was n't used to riding them , and he did n't care for anyone else to be in control . 
 we reached the highway , a loose terra for any paved road in the vicinity , and i took off at the fastest clip the atv would allow - about thirty miles per hour . 
 driving at top speed without a helmet was n't my idea of fun , even though i had nothing to fear from a head injury . 
 nic , however , did . 
 `` it 's going to take us two hours or more to get to town , '' he shouted . 
 `` got a better idea ? '' 
 his silence was answer enough . 
 we traveled at a pace slower than the average wolf , which could run forty miles per hour on a bad day . 
 super-wolves , in other words , lycanthropes , could top that speed with ease . 
 as i drove i considered the icon in my pocket . 
 was the totem a clue ? 
 a threat ? 
 an accident ? 
 i needed to show the talisman to will cadotte , our expert on native american mysticism . 
 conveniently , he had gone to wisconsin with edward . 
 had the thing truly growled ? 
 i would have said no , except nic had heard it , too . 
 i 'd never observed any supernatural behavior from the black totem , but that did n't mean there had n't been any . 
 jessie mcquade , a j-s agent and former police officer , swore she 'd seen the totem move on its own . 
 who was i to say she was nuts ? 
 we continued in silence for close to an hour . 
 talking was pointless with the roar of the motor and the thunder of the wind . 
 but i did n't need words to hear nic loud and clear . 
 the press of his thighs was n't the only thing i felt . 
 he 'd missed me , in more ways than one . 
 his palms rode my waist ; his thumbs slid under my suit coat and toyed with the skin just above my panty hose . 
 his breath teased the hair that had fallen loose from my customary french twist . 
 i had to be honest with him . 
 what had been between us once could never be again , despite the treacherous response of my body to his . 
 i had too many secrets i could n't share . 
 too much work that had to be done . 
 too many monsters that wanted me dead . 
 i tensed , half-expecting him to cup my breasts , then latch his mouth onto my neck and suckle . 
 legs wide as i straddled the seat , the wind shot up my skirt , stirring me where i needed no help being stirred . 
 his fingertips grazed the swell of my rear . 
 `` nic , '' i said . 
 protest , plea - i was n't sure . 
 did n't matter . 
 the wind flung the word into the night . 
 snow began to fall - thick , fluffy flakes that would soon obscure the road . 
 i had to concentrate . 
 we needed to reach a town before the storm hit , or worse . 
 i was already half-frozen and i was certain nic was , too . 
 but it was impossible to think as nic 's hand slid across my skin , palm warm , hard , flat against my belly . 
 i glanced down . 
 my skirt was hiked to my hips , and the sight of my stocking-clad legs , my white cotton briefs , his sun-browned hand and callused fingers , excited me so much that 1 did nothing when his middle finger slid lower and stroked me just once . 
 lucky no one was on the highway except us . 
 or so i thought . 
 i lifted my gaze , then swerved to avoid the huge black wolf in the middle of the road . 
 the right wheel slipped off the pavement , and we were airborne . 
 providence was on our side , and we were thrown clear . 
 most atv injuries are the result of the machine falling on top of the riders . 
 as it was , i landed on my shoulder and something crunched . 
 ignoring the pain , i scrambled to my feet , searching frantically for nic . 
 i found him at the edge of the tree line . 
 he was n't moving . 
 the wolf swung his head toward me . 
 light gray , human eyes shone in a feral face . 
 `` billy , '' i murmured . 
 i should have known he had n't died . 
 guys like him never did . 
 it would take something worse than a firebomb to put an end to billy bailey . 
 but where had he been ? 
 had it taken him some time to heal his injuries , then dig his way out of the rubble ? 
 what about the others ? 
 had they survived , as well ? 
 i strained my ears but heard only the wind , sniffed the air and caught nothing but the scent of snow and crazy billy . 
 either the rest of my basement wolves had found freedom , then scattered , or they were ashes and billy was a lot more powerful than i 'd thought . 
 and was n't that just special ? 
 billy 's head cocked ; his tongue lolled , almost as if he were laughing . 
 hell , he probably was . 
 i fingered the gun in my pocket . 
 i could put every bullet into billy , and it would n't slow him down . 
 if i stayed in this form , he 'd kill me - if i was lucky - then move on to nic . 
 i was going to have to shift . 
 however , such things took time , and at mid-shift i 'd be defenseless . 
 billy had no scruples . 
 he 'd wait until the worst possible moment , then attack . 
 nevertheless , i had to take the risk , hope my changing at all would confuse him long enough for me to assume another form . 
 i managed to kick off my shoes - i hated it when my paws burst through them - but i did n't have the chance to remove anything else . 
 not that i 'd strip in front of billy even if i had a week . 
 as i lifted my face , snowflakes brushed my cheeks , stuck to my eyelashes , prickled my nose . 
 i pushed aside the sensory distractions and thought of the moon . 
 if it had been full i would n't have had to try . 
 without the round silver disc that pulled like the ebb and flow of the tide , the transformation was a bit harder , especially for those with stunted imaginations . 
 i bet billy had had one helluva time getting furry tonight . 
 he growled , low in his throat . 
 i was up to something , but he did n't know what . 
 pretty soon he 'd get sick of wondering , come over here and kick my ass . 
 with me still a woman , and him already a beast , he 'd have no trouble at all . 
 staring at the black velvet sky , i envisioned the cool metallic white of the moon spilling across my face . 
 i smelled the wind , the trees , the earth . 
 night . 
 the totem in my pocket shimmied , and my favorite suit split at the seams . 
 the shifting of bones , the curving of spine , usually produced agony . 
 going from bipedal to quadrapedal was n't supposed to feel good . 
 my skin would bum when the fur came . 
 my fingers and toes always ached as they sprouted claws . 
 my face hurt as my nose and my mouth melded into a snout . 
 i loathed getting furry - always had , maybe i always would if i never discovered a cure - but pain was the least of it . 
 i hated being covered with hair , sprouting a tail . 
 the drooling , the panting , the howling , and i never could get the dirt out from under my fingernails . 
 becoming a werewolf was hell on a manicure . 
 but tonight , the transformation was painless . 
 tonight i thought about being a wolf , and suddenly i was . 
 billy yelped . 
 i was the fastest changer in the west . 
 a damned werewolf savant . 
 something peculiar was going on , but i did n't have time to figure out what . 
 werewolves not only have human eyes , they possess human intelligence . 
 i knew what i had to do and why , so without giving billy time to think , i charged . 
 this was n't fun and games but a fight to the death . 
 billy would come after me , and he 'd keep on coming until he had what he wanted . 
 me . 
 i 'd rather be dead than billy bailey 's sex slave . 
 that knowledge gave me an edge . 
 i hit him hard , and he tumbled onto his back . 
 either confusion had slowed his reactions , or i 'd suddenly become faster than the average werewolf . 
 maybe both . 
 my teeth grazed billy 's throat before he sent me flying . 
 i landed on the same shoulder that had hit the ground when i 'd flown off the atv , and i whimpered . 
 without human blood , i would n't heal completely tonight , though just becoming a wolf would improve any injury faster than it was possible to explain . 
 billy struck me broadside before i could roll onto all fours . 
 i slammed into the dirt hard enough to make my ears ring . 
 my head ached , and i had a difficult time focusing . 
 he could have killed me then , if he had n't been an insane sadomasochist . 
 instead of going for my jugular , he drew blood from my belly , and then licked it away . 
 disgust flowed through me , followed closely by anger . 
 using my legs , my claws , i threw him free , then i did what he had n't . 
 jumping on top , i latched onto billy 's throat and pulled . 
 though i tried to get out of the way , blood sprayed my face and chest . 
 i scuttled backward , not even waiting to see billy 's human eyes go wolf as he died . 
 i shifted into a woman more quickly than i ever had before . 
 my clothes a torn tangle , i still managed to cover myself adequately . 
 scooping a handful of snow , i let it melt in my palm so i could scrub away some of the blood and the dirt . 
 remembering the slash to my stomach , i lifted my suit . 
 nothing . 
 frowning , i rolled my shoulder . 
 not a twinge . 
 had the talisman granted fast healing powers along with swift changing ability ? 
 seemed so . 
 i could get used to this . 
 i hurried to nic , kneeling next to him as his eyes opened , crossed , then focused on my face . 
 `` i saw a wolf . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i almost hit him . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he reached up and tugged my hair , loose now and swirling around my shoulders . 
 `` with fur like this and ... '' he frowned . 
 `` your eyes . '' 
 i kept my face neutral , even as my heart threatened to choke me . 
 nevertheless , when i spoke , my voice was as cool as the breeze . 
 `` you must have bumped your head a lot harder than i thought . '' 
 nic sat up , groaned , fell back . 
 i caught him before he cracked his head against the ground again . 
 `` maybe we should get you to a doctor . '' 
 `` you 're a doctor . '' 
 `` not that kind . '' 
 `` i 'm all - '' his voice faded , and his eyes closed as he slumped in my arms . 
 concerned , i leaned close . 
 he was out cold , so i gave in to the urge that had been haunting me since i 'd first seen him in the doorway . 
 pressing my lips to his forehead , i breathed in the familiar scent of his hair . 
 all the feelings rushed back with a force that staggered me . 
 i 'd known i still loved him , but i had n't realized that i always would . 
 once we 'd dreamed of sharing a life : marriage , careers , family . 
 together , we would never be alone again . 
 i longed for that normal life - a normal me . 
 but i 'd come to understand that even if i cured myself , there were things i 'd done in the interim for which there could be no forgiveness . 
 nic was as lost to me now as he 'd been the first night i changed . 
 the wind slapped snow against my face . 
 the drop in temperature had turned the fluffy flakes into icy needles . 
 i smelled death - probably just billy 's . 
 nevertheless , we had to keep moving . 
 with the clouds covering the moon , the road was dark . 
 though there was n't much of a chance a car would come along and run over us ... then again , one might . 
 taking advantage of nic 's momentary lapse of consciousness , i lowered him gently to the ground and hurried to the atv . 
 after a quick glance to make sure he was still out , i picked up the machine and set it back on the road . 
 there was a dent in one side , a bit of dirt on the other , but when i started the engine , it worked . 
 nic began to come around . 
 i tugged on his arm , grunting as if he were `` oh , so heavy , '' though i could have lifted him with one hand . 
 `` wan na help me out a little ? '' 
 `` sorry , i 'm - '' `` hurt , '' i supplied when he seemed to lose his thought again . 
 thankfully , he was too spacey to notice how much i helped him as he got to his feet , too woozy to see that my clothes were torn and i had flecks of blood in my hair . 
 i hoisted nic onto the aty , crawled behind , then adjusted his body so that i could see , drive , and hold on to him . 
 if i had n't had superpowers , i would n't have been able to manage , making this one of the first times i was glad to be what i was . 
 nic drifted in and out of consciousness . 
 i 'd wondered how to make him stop asking questions . 
 i 'd have preferred another method . 
 the wind shifted , or we were able to get ahead of the storm , because the highway outside of clear lake was dry , the forest surrounding it devoid of white . 
 most of the businesses on the main drag were closed , probably had been for a while . 
 the town was small , innocent , clueless . 
 i 'd been toying with the idea of dumping nic with a doctor - they had to have one - then disappearing again . 
 but an hour on the atv with little to do beyond think had nixed that idea . 
 billy might be dead , but billy had n't blown up the compound . 
 whoever had , could be right behind us . 
 i let my gaze wander over nic 's still face . 
 he 'd say he was a highly trained fbi agent ; he could take care of himself . 
 but i knew better . 
 to werewolves he 'd be an easy lunch . 
 no matter how dangerous it was for us both , i was going to have to take him along to wisconsin . 
 i pulled into the only gas station in clear lake . 
 the attendant stepped outside . 
 his gaze wandered over my torn suit , the spatters of blood and the leaves in my hair , then flicked to nic 's lolling head . 
 with the typical understatement that characterized inhabitants west of the mississippi , he murmured , `` trouble ? '' 
 `` nearly hit a. . . 
 deer . 
 we flipped . '' 
 the story , close enough to the truth to be believable , explained nic 's injuries and my appearance . 
 `` need a doctor ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 nic struggled to sit up . 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 the attendant 's brows drew together . 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 nic tried to prove it by climbing off the atv . 
 he wobbled , but he did n't fall down . 
 `` you know where i can buy some clothes ? '' 
 as the word buy left my mouth , i realized i had no money . 
 i glanced at nic ; he was already extracting his wallet . 
 `` and a car , '' he added , pulling out an obscene amount of cash . 
 `` got some t-shirts and sweatpants for sale inside . '' 
 the man scratched his head as he contemplated the money . 
 `` car we 'll have to talk about . '' 
 i hesitated , prepared to deal , but nic waved me away . 
 `` i 'll handle the car . '' 
 i let him . 
 the less time we hung around , the better . 
 inside i snagged a pair of gray sweatpants and an equally cheery gray t-shirt . 
 making use of the restroom , i stripped off my torn and dirty suit . 
 after extracting the wolf totem , i tossed the clothes into the nearly full garbage can . 
 holding the tiny bit of plastic between two fingers , i stared into the sparkly blue eyes . 
 the idea that something this small , this tacky , could carry enough power to make me superduper wolf was laughable . 
 but standing in a dirty women 's restroom in the middle of nowhere , i did n't feel like laughing . 
 i shoved the talisman into the pocket of my new sweatpants just as i remembered the little wolf was n't the only thing that had been in my skirt . 
 both the list of names nic had given me and his .38 were missing . 
 i must have dropped them somewhere along the road . 
 i did n't care about the list , but the gun might have been good for a bluff or two . 
 since i could n't go back for the weapon now , i shoved my bare feet into my tennies and picked one last flake of blood from my hair . 
 my nails looked as if i 'd been burying dead bodies in the woods , which was close enough to the truth to make me worry . 
 i could only hope that the people we met between here and wisconsin were less concerned with personal hygiene than i was . 
 when i exited the bathroom , i found the attendant behind the register . 
 i peered around the station , which was packed ceiling to floor with chips , soda , candy , and borderline pornography . 
 but no nic . 
 `` i sold your friend a car . '' 
 from the man 's grin , the deal had been sweet . 
 of course , we could n't exactly be choosy . 
 we had to get out of here , and we could n't do that on an atv . 
 `` he went across the street to pick it up . '' 
 though i did n't like nic being out of my sight for more than a minute , his absence did give me time to do something i should have done before now . 
 `` do you have a phone ? '' 
 he pointed to the wall behind me . 
 i considered the risks . 
 i doubted anyone would have thought to put a bug on this particular phone , and edward always had his own lines meticulously swept for listening devices . 
 by the time someone traced the call , nic and i should be long gone . 
 i punched in the numbers as the clerk moved off to refill a potato chip display . 
 edward answered on the second ring . 
 `` elise ? '' 
 how did he do that ? 
 the caller id should have read `` joe 's gas station , '' not `` elise hanover . '' 
 sometimes the old man was spookier than everything he hunted . 
 my response - `` yes , sir ! '' 
 - was rewarded with a vicious stream of german curse words . 
 `` i know you are n't often glad to hear from me , '' i muttered , `` but is that necessary ? '' 
 `` i have been calling the compound every half an hour , and the line is dead . 
 if we are having a malfunction , elise , it is your job to inform me . '' 
 `` it 's a little bit more than a malfunction . '' 
 `` be specific . '' 
 i 'd known edward all of my life . 
 he 'd practically raised me - although paying various nannies , shipping me off to the best schools , then recruiting me to be his right-hand woman was hardly raising someone . 
 there was little warmth between us , no matter how much i might want there to be . 
 `` specifically ... '' i glanced around . 
 no one was in the gas station but me and the attendant , who was more interested in straightening the hustler supply than listening to me . 
 nevertheless , i lowered my voice . 
 `` there 's a crater where the compound should be . '' 
 silence greeted my statement . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` sabotage ? '' 
 i thought of the shadow , the shot , the silver . 
 `` definitely . '' 
 `` the guard ? '' 
 `` dead . '' 
 `` subjects ? '' 
 `` could be alive . '' 
 edward 's grunt told me he understood the ramifications of that as much as i did . 
 `` except for billy . '' 
 `` and billy is not alive because ... ? '' 
 `` he pissed me off . '' 
 though his sigh traveled hundreds of miles before reaching me , the sound lost none of its power to belittle . 
 `` your temper is , as always , a problem . '' 
 only edward would think that i had a temper . 
 everyone else considered my personality one step removed from ice bitch of the universe . 
 except nic , but then , he did n't really know me as well as he thought . 
 `` i will send someone to montana , '' edward said . 
 `` someone who can take care of things . '' 
 taking care of things being a j-s euphemism for cover-up . 
 even if nic managed to send some of his pals into the woods , by the time they got there , there 'd be nothing left to see . 
 `` who is responsible for this travesty ? '' 
 edward continued . 
 `` bad guys ? '' 
 the line went silent again , and i waited for the inevitable set-down . 
 but instead of a lecture , i was rewarded with a dry chuckle , which made my heart stutter . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 he had the heavy german accent down to a t , but there was no humor in edward - never had been . 
 which was understandable . 
 his life had not exactly been one laugh riot after another . 
 `` what have you done with my boss ? '' 
 `` it is me , elise . 
 i have just lightened up in my old age . '' 
 lightened up ? 
 okay , the world had stopped turning , and i had been too busy to notice . 
 `` so much time with jessie and leigh ... '' i could almost see him shrug in that way he had that implied both nonchalance and old world european manners . 
 `` they are amusing . '' 
 my teeth ground together at the reminder of edward 's favorite j ger-suchers . 
 i had known him the longest , had helped him the most , yet when edward had chosen pets , i was not one of them . 
 jessie mcquade and leigh tyler-fitzgerald were edward 's darlings as well as bosom buddies . 
 not that they had n't tried to kill each other on occasion - when you released hunters into the same field you got explosions more often than tea parties - but they were two of a kind , and i did n't fit in . 
 i was n't the type to banter and snipe . 
 i did n't dare participate in the physical scuffles they relished . 
 sarcasm was n't my venue . 
 nevertheless , having them take the place that i 'd always wanted in edward 's affections made me a lot less enamored of them than he was . 
 `` if this is edward , '' i continued , `` then tell me something only we would know . '' 
 another long swell of silence drifted over the line . 
 for a minute i thought i was right , maybe someone was impersonating my boss . 
 i should have known that no one got the better of the old man , including me . 
 `` by that , '' he said in a hard , cool voice that made me straighten even though he was n't there to see , `` i suspect you 're referring to the fact that i killed your mother . '' 
 okay , so it was him . 
 `` i could have done without that particular trip down memory lane , '' i murmured . 
 `` you asked me to tell you a secret , which only we would know . '' 
 i 'd meant something more along these lines : on my sixteenth birthday he 'd taken me to paris . 
 he 'd dumped me on a colleague - who 'd shown me the city , the museums , the sights - then gone off to kill someone . 
 but he had taken me there . 
 however , edward was right . 
 anyone could discover that information if they took the trouble to look . 
 no one could know that the man who had `` raised '' me was also the man who had made me an orphan . 
 i could n't blame him ; my mother had been a werewolf at the time . 
 `` elise ! '' 
 how long had edward been calling my name ? 
 i was n't sure . 
 i 'd drifted too far down the unpleasant road to my past . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 `` you must come to wisconsin . 
 there is trouble in a place called fairhaven . '' 
 that much i knew . 
 edward would n't be there , along with several other agents , if there was n't . 
 i assumed the issue was werewolves , since those were jessie 's specialty . 
 i also assumed some type of native american mysticism since will was there , too . 
 although you could n't have jessie without will and vice versa . 
 they 'd been inseparable since they met . 
 `` the usual kind ? '' 
 i asked , which was shorthand for any mysterious increase in the wolf population , wild animal attacks , or sudden , random , and inexplicable bloody death . 
 `` perhaps . 
 join me , elise , and we will sort everything out . '' 
 i found it odd , sad , and just a bit rude that horrible things were happening in a town by the name of fairhaven . 
 but i had more important concerns on my mind . 
 how was i going to tell edward there was someone after me ? 
 someone who knew they needed a silver bullet to do any kind of damage . 
 `` there 's a slight problem - '' i broke off as nic stepped through the door . 
 my time had run out . 
 `` do you have my research with you ? '' 
 i asked instead . 
 that question was innocent enough . 
 `` not with me . 
 but it is safe . '' 
 edward sighed . 
 `` everything is gone ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` your serum ? '' 
 `` dust . '' 
 `` then you 'd do well to hurry . '' 
 the line went dead without a good-bye . 
 why should tonight be different than any one of a thousand others ? 
 he had n't asked if i was all right . 
 of course , i was as hard to kill as most of the things he hunted . 
 another of the reasons edward kept me around . 
 still , it would have been nice , just once , if he 'd asked . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 nic seemed better . 
 less pale , and he no longer wobbled . 
 i still was n't going to let him drive . 
 `` everything 's fine . '' 
 or as fine as it was going to get . 
 i bought some snacks - beef jerky , my favorite , sodas , juice , coffee - and gave nic the bill . 
 after thanking the attendant , we went outside and contemplated nic 's brand-new car . 
 or new to him anyway . 
 the vehicle had to be at least thirty years old and resembled a tank . 
 the plymouth grand fury , once the car of police forces everywhere , had been retired in favor of the crown victoria and various suvs . 
 when that happened , the fleet of furys had been sold at auctions across the country . 
 we 'd obviously been gifted with the results . 
 i climbed behind the wheel and nic let me , which telegraphed his thundering headache more clearly than the three aspirin he doused with a cola chaser as soon as his butt hit the passenger seat . 
 i started the car and headed east . 
 one minute nic was staring at the dark expanse of highway that seemed to appear magically in front of our headlights , the next he was asleep . 
 though i 'd have to wake him periodically in case of a concussion , still i uttered a sigh of relief . 
 i was too tired to field any more questions right now . 
 i kept my eyes on both the tree line and the road . 
 every movement , every shadow made me start . 
 who knew what was out there ? 
 maybe nothing , maybe everything . 
 although i felt as if i were navigating the starship enterprise from behind the long , shiny , navy blue hood that seemed to stretch forward into infinity , the engine in a fury could outrun even a werewolf . 
 the knowledge soothed me somewhat , though not as much as having a few thousand silver bullets would have . 
 in the close confines of the car i could smell nic 's skin , feel his heat , hear him breathing . 
 my body responded in a predictable manner . 
 i insisted i was better than the animal that lived inside of me , but tonight i had my doubts . 
 in most cases , the lycanthropy virus destroys a person 's humanity . 
 they might appear normal in the daylight , but inside there was a demon panting to get out . 
 and with that demon whispering , a lot of bad things happened . 
 a werewolf in human form is the most selfish being in existence . 
 in the modern world , the behavior has been been written off as aggression , drive , ambition , which makes a werewolf pretty hard to spot in the sun . 
 sadly , there is n't a tail or fangs or pointy ears to mark them as one of the bitten . 
 sure they 're evil , but so are a lot of people . 
 i 've always been of the opinion that there are a helluva lot more werewolf lawyers than werewolf pediatricians , but i 've never had the time to prove it . 
 one way to know for certain : shoot a person with silver . 
 if they explode , werewolf . 
 if not ... oops . 
 all i can say is , do n't try this at home . 
 you can get in a whole lot of trouble if you 're wrong . 
 homicide detectives do n't often swallow the excuse `` i thought he was a werewolf . '' 
 such technicalities have never stopped edward . 
 lucky for him he 's a law unto himself . 
 a howl rose in the distance , long and mournful . 
 the sound called to me , and i was n't sure why . 
 i 'd never been pulled by the moon , tempted by the pack . 
 once a month , i shifted beneath the silver sheen . 
 though i loathed becoming what i was , i had little choice when the moon was at its apex . 
 but i never enjoyed that night . 
 i merely endured . 
 tonight had been different . 
 i recalled the painless change , the rush of energy , the power . 
 to experience that again was more tempting than it should be . 
 what if i stopped the car , got out , got furry and ran with the others ? 
 we 'd hunt as one , together we 'd kill . 
 i 'd no longer be a lone wolf , scorned by both humans and lycanthropes . 
 i 'd have friends . 
 a family . 
 maybe even a lover . 
 absently i fingered the talisman in my pocket . 
 my ringers warmed ; my skin hummed . 
 i heard whispering , but i could n't make out the words . 
 i did n't recognize the voice . 
 male or female ? 
 real or imagined ? 
 heat radiated from my fingers to my wrist . 
 curious , i glanced down and choked . 
 my hand had sprouted fur , my nails become claws , and i had n't felt anything but warm . 
 i stopped touching the talisman and recited the table of elements in my head . 
 when i looked again , my hand was just a hand . 
 had the change actually happened ? 
 i 'd never heard of such an occurrence . 
 we became wolves , completely , when we shifted . 
 we were not able to pick and choose what part of us turned furry . 
 i should try again , but i was afraid . 
 if i was turning into something other than what i 'd always been , my days were numbered . 
 edward would have no qualms about killing me and neither would any of the others . 
 though there 'd been times when death was more appealing than life , now was n't one of them . 
 i let my gaze drift over the still-sleeping man at my side . 
 foolish as the idea was , i wanted to be with nic for as long as i could . 
 i drove on , tense and alert , slurping coffee as if it were water and waiting for the sun to explode over the horizon - or a werewolf army to explode from the trees . 
 thankfully , i did n't have long to wait before the first one happened . 
 the sun was as reliable as the moon . 
 with daylight came a sense of security . 
 at dawn werewolves shifted back into human form . 
 if any had been following us , they 'd find themselves a long way from home without clothes or a car . 
 nic mumbled and stretched . 
 i 'd woken him every few hours during the night , asked his name , his age , my name . 
 each time he 'd answered correctly , then gone back to sleep . 
 he did n't have a concussion as far as i could tell . 
 his hair was as rumpled as a set of tangled sheets , his eyes were heavy . 
 i imagined touching his taut chest , tasting his smooth back , rubbing my cheek against his , then wrapping my legs around his waist and - the talisman shimmied and muttered . 
 i slapped a hand over my pocket . 
 `` quit that ! '' 
 nic , who 'd been staring at my chest , no doubt outlined in pornographic detail by the thin t-shirt i 'd purchased at the gas station , jerked his eyes to mine . 
 `` sorry , '' he muttered . 
 `` i ca n't seem to stop myself . '' 
 my fingers began to tingle , and i glanced at them , still resting on top of the talisman . 
 were my nails growing longer even as i watched ? 
 impossible . 
 the sun was up . 
 nevertheless , i jerked my hand from the icon , and wrapped it around the steering wheel . 
 i was `` oh , so tempted '' to throw the white wolf totem over the nearest bridge , but i did n't dare . 
 i might need it . 
 i had to get to edward , to will cadotte , to someone who could help me - and quick . 
 i glanced at nic . 
 `` you ready to drive ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he rubbed a hand over his face . 
 `` sure . '' 
 we continued throughout the day in alternating four-hour shifts behind the wheel . 
 drive-thru and gas 'n' go were our friends . 
 bad roads , winding detours , and shitty weather were our enemies . 
 as we neared the wisconsin border , darkness threat-ened . 
 trees lined the road , so thick i could barely see beyond them , so numerous they seemed to stretch into infinity - or at least to canada . 
 shadows lurked behind every trunk . 
 one minute taking the form of a wolf , the next a human , then something in between . 
 `` where to ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 i 'd been working out the directions as we went , poring over an interstate map since i had n't had the opportunity , or the hardware , to mapquest the best route to fairhaven . 
 the closer we got to my boss , the more nervous i became . 
 in my head i knew i could n't have left nic behind , but in my heart i was worried . 
 dominic franklin had government agent written all over him . 
 edward might have been one himself , once upon a time , but he no longer had any use for them . 
 and what he did n't have any use for , he often got rid of . 
 `` there 's something i should tell you , '' i began . 
 `` my boss can be ... '' `` eccentric ? '' 
 `` more like dangerous . '' 
 nic 's eyes shifted to mine , then back to the road . 
 `` from what i 've been able to uncover , edward mandenauer is eighty-something years old . '' 
 `` he can still point a gun . '' 
 better than anyone i knew , and he was never afraid to use it . 
 `` he 's going to shoot me if i ask a few questions ? '' 
 `` it 's happened before . '' 
 a second glance was filled with both disbelief and a certain wariness . 
 nic did n't believe what i was saying , but he was having a hard time disbelieving the conviction in my voice . 
 `` why are you so afraid of him ? '' 
 nic murmured . 
 `` because i 'm smarter than i look ? '' 
 i threw his words back at him and was rewarded with a grimace . 
 `` i should n't have said that . '' 
 `` you were angry . '' 
 `` i still am . '' 
 the car stopped . 
 we were at the end of the road - literally . 
 a sign pointed left to fairhaven , right to wausau . 
 nic lifted his brows and waited . 
 with a sigh , i jerked my thumb to the left . 
 we rolled into town well after midnight . 
 the place was silent and still . 
 not a light flared , even on the street . 
 i had n't been in too many small towns . 
 boarding schools were usually located near large cities , making it easier for parents to fly in for a visit , then out just as quickly . 
 the few vacations i 'd had were to the previously noted paris , another to berlin , then london and moscow . 
 edward always mixed business with pleasure , and for the most part , werewolves gravitated to large metropolitan areas where it was easier to hide the amount of killing they did . 
 only in the past few years had they started hanging around scarcely populated areas , becoming bolder through sheer numbers and the use of magic . 
 my experience with small towns had been restricted to two : clear lake , montana , and crow valley , wisconsin , where i 'd been called about a month ago to test my new antidote on a just-bitten j ger-sucher . 
 fairhaven was enough like crow valley to be a clone : a single main street , a few side roads , dark alleys , no streetlights , the woods coming to within a hundred yards of the town . 
 werewolf heaven . 
 nic parked in front of what appeared to be a bar . 
 but what kind of bar was closed at midnight in a state where the largest town was nicknamed brew city ? 
 perhaps one that was scared to death of things that went bump , or woof , in the night ? 
 the headlights threw garish yellow streams across the sign on the front of the building . 
 murphy 's , open every day until tomorrow . 
 sounded like a bar to me . 
 `` where 's mandenauer ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` no idea . '' 
 `` you have to trust me sometime , '' he said quietly . 
 `` i do ? '' 
 nic 's fingers curled around the steering wheel , as his lips thinned . 
 why did i insist on baiting him ? 
 because if he was angry at me , he was n't kissing me . 
 i was afraid of what i might do , or say , or admit , if he touched me again . 
 `` i really do n't know where edward is , '' i blurted . 
 `` he neglected to share a forwarding address beyond fairhaven - unincorporated . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 nic took a deep breath and let it out . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 my eyes wandered over the seemingly deserted town , the chilly , shadowed forest . 
 `` but if i know edward , he wo n't be hard to find . '' 
 we had n't been in fairhaven ten minutes , when gunshots broke the silence . 
 `` bingo , '' i whispered , and climbed out of the car . 
 `` elise . '' 
 nic climbed out , too . 
 `` maybe you should stay inside . '' 
 i shook my head and headed for the edge of town . 
 despite the darkness , i could see pretty well . 
 enhanced nocturnal vision and superior sense of smell and hearing while in human form were a few bonuses of being a werewolf . 
 no clouds and a three-quarter moon did n't hurt either . 
 i listened and heard nothing . 
 drew in a deep breath and caught ... something . 
 too faint to tell , almost as if the scent were a memory or a ghost . 
 lack of sleep , too much nic , and the damned talisman had made me edgier than i 'd ever been before . 
 i blew the strange smell from my nostrils , inhaled through my mouth for several ticks of the clock , and tried again . 
 this time when i tested the wind , i detected humans . 
 i heard their voices , even though they were whispering . 
 shadows emerged from the trees . 
 five of them . 
 nic joined me . 
 at first hovering behind , then pushing in front , as the shadows became people and drew near . 
 `` it is about time you arrived , elise . '' 
 we 'd driven almost nonstop , yet it was n't fast enough . 
 which was as typical of edward as his outfit - dark pants and dark shirt accented by a bandolier of bullets across his chest . 
 he carried a rifle in one hand and a pistol on his hip . 
 a black skullcap covered his fading blond hair . 
 when the others had teased him about his rambo complex , edward had no idea what they were talking about . 
 once i 'd explained , he 'd thought the reference a compliment . 
 go figure . 
 edward took in my attire with obvious confusion . 
 sweats , a t-shirt , and tennis shoes were not my style . 
 his gaze became stuck on my hair , which hung loose to my waist . 
 from his scowl , he did n't like the new me any better than the old one . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 edward had turned his faded blue eyes , as well as his rifle , toward our visitor . 
 i tried to inch in front of nic , but he shouldered me back . 
 i was tempted to force the issue but settled for introductions . 
 `` nic franklin . '' 
 i pointed to the tall , lanky woman on edward 's left . 
 `` meet jessie mcquade . '' 
 with short brown hair and eyes nearly the same color , jessie was attractive in an athletic sort of way . 
 she was a law enforcement officer by training , an award-winning deer hunter by hobby , and one of the newest and best agents in our werewolf division . 
 my gaze shifted to the man on jessie 's left . 
 his high cheekbones and smooth cinnamon skin revealed his ethnicity , even without the golden feather swinging from one ear . 
 with eyes that nearly matched the shade of his black hair , william cadotte was a professor by trade , an ojibwe by birth , and an expert in native american totems and mysticism by choice . 
 i touched the plastic in my pocket as i introduced will , making a mental note to show him the totem asap . 
 both will and jessie nodded to nic , then frowned at me . 
 i was in big trouble for bringing a stranger here , and they knew it . 
 in an attempt to stave off the inevitable , i continued to introduce people . 
 my arm swung to edward 's right . 
 `` leigh tyler-fitzgerald and her husband , damien . '' 
 leigh was as short as jessie was tall . 
 petite , with an almost blond crew cut , her pale skin and blue eyes gave her a doll-like appearance , which had fooled the enemy on countless occasions . 
 her family and fiance having been murdered by werewolves , leigh had taken to hunting them with a ferocity only edward could love . 
 she 'd fallen hard for damien fitzgerald - the hunky , irish-american drifter at her side - before she 'd discovered he was a werewolf . 
 nic greeted leigh and damien the same way he 'd acknowledged jessie and will : a quick nod before returning his gaze to my boss . 
 i had little choice but to introduce them . 
 `` this is edward mandenauer . '' 
 `` sir . '' 
 nic stepped forward , hand outstretched . 
 edward did n't retract the gun , and the barrel tapped nic in the chest . 
 the older man continued to stare at the younger one without expression . 
 `` i repeat , ` who is he ? ' '' 
 nic 's eyes narrowed , but i gave him credit , he managed to hold his temper and ignore the gun . 
 `` i 'm with the fbi , mr. mandenauer . 
 i have some questions about the j ger-sucher agency . '' 
 `` uh-oh , '' jessie muttered . 
 `` nice meeting you , '' leigh quipped . 
 `` hope you 've enjoyed your life so far . '' 
 the four of them moved back , away from edward and nic , away from me . 
 `` elise , have you lost your mind ? '' 
 edward murmured . 
 `` he could be anyone . 
 he could be - '' `` he is n't , '' i blurted before edward said too much . 
 in edward 's mind , everyone was a werewolf until proven otherwise . 
 `` ah , well , it is easy enough to find out . '' 
 i threw myself at nic , propelling him to the ground before edward could shoot him with silver and see if he erupted into a ball of fire or merely bled . 
 the others hit the deck , too , just as the rifle discharged above our heads . 
 `` stay down . '' 
 i shoved nic into the grass . 
 he was shaking , which was understandable . 
 edward scared the crap out of everyone . 
 i leaped to my feet . 
 `` old man , you 're pushing the boundaries of sanity . '' 
 he shrugged and aimed his gun at nic again . 
 i was tempted to yank it out of his hand , but i refrained . 
 `` leave him alone . '' 
 interest lit edward 's eyes . 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 he repeated . 
 he was asking for more than a name , rank , and serial number . 
 he was asking who nic franklin was to me , and why i was so concerned for his life . 
 i was n't going to tell him . 
 `` he 's fbi . 
 you ca n't just shoot him because he annoys you . 
 as much fun as that might be . '' 
 edward 's lips twitched . 
 `` you are sure he is who he says he is ? '' 
 i was sure he was nic . 
 pretty sure he was fbi . 
 certain he was n't a werewolf - or as certain as i could be with the damned lycanthropes changing the rules every chance they got . 
 because there is one other way to distinguish a werewolf in human form . 
 if we touch , skin to skin , we know . 
 i 'd touched nic in anger , in lust , even love . 
 i 'd felt emotions i had n't thought to feel again , but i had n't felt werewolf . 
 `` hold on a second . '' 
 damien crawled the few feet separating them and brushed his fingers against nic 's . 
 frowning , nic snatched his hand away . 
 damien 's hazel eyes met mine . 
 he shook his head . 
 he had n't felt anything , either . 
 edward saw the exchange and put up his gun . 
 nic stood scowling at damien , who had moved off to join leigh . 
 she brushed his shoulder-length , auburn hair back from his face . 
 just under six feet , damien towered over his tiny wife . 
 not only handsome , he had a body that would make a chippendale jealous . 
 being turned into a werewolf just after the invasion at normandy had given damien a lot of years to work on his pecs . 
 he pressed his mouth to her knuckles , then rubbed his thumb over his mother 's wedding ring , which he 'd placed on leigh 's finger less than a month ago . 
 `` now that that 's settled , '' edward said . 
 `` go away . '' 
 nic glanced at damien . 
 `` what 's settled ? 
 why did he touch me ? '' 
 `` damien 's ... '' i was n't sure what to say . 
 lucky for us , leigh was a terrific liar . 
 `` psychic , '' she supplied . 
 `` he can tell all sorts of things just by touching a person . '' 
 `` bullshit , '' nic snapped . 
 i could n't blame him for his disbelief . 
 nic lived in the world we had created . 
 a world where monsters did n't exist except in fiction . 
 our job was to keep things that way . 
 edward sighed . 
 `` believe what you will . 
 now come along . '' 
 he stalked toward town and nic hesitated , looking first at me , then at edward . 
 i trusted my employer 's quick change - go away , come along - even less than i trusted myself . 
 i cast my eyes heavenward , then hurried after edward . 
 `` wait . '' 
 edward turned and stared past me to nic . 
 `` you want to talk ? 
 keep up . '' 
 i put my hand on edward 's arm and he flinched . 
 the reaction never lost its power to hurt me . 
 why i continued to touch the man , i had no idea . 
 maybe i was hoping that familiarity would end the contempt . 
 `` you ca n't shoot him , edward . '' 
 i kept my voice low , just above a whisper . 
 `` promise . '' 
 `` i will do no such thing . 
 there is no telling what might necessitate shooting . '' 
 he had a point . 
 i leaned forward , ignoring how he tensed as i came closer . 
 `` do n't shoot him unless he 's furry . 
 okay ? '' 
 `` for now . '' 
 nic came up next to me . 
 `` do you have the list i gave you ? '' 
 my hand went to my pocket , even as i remembered losing it . 
 the talisman danced beneath my fingers , and i yanked them away . 
 `` must have fallen out while we were on the atv . '' 
 nic shrugged . 
 `` i know it by heart , '' he said , and followed in edward 's wake . 
 my boss called back , `` perhaps the five of you should bring one another up to speed on ... things . '' 
 the two men disappeared around the corner of a building . 
 since i was the seniormost j ger-sucher , i opened my mouth to begin , and leigh jumped in . 
 `` have you found the cure ? '' 
 i glanced at damien , then back at leigh . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 her exhale of annoyance was accompanied by a few choice curse words . 
 `` i 've been experimenting with variations of the antidote i used on you , '' i began . 
 not only had leigh 's family been wiped out by werewolves , but the alpha who had ordered the attack had come after , then bitten , her . 
 his plan had been to make leigh his mate . 
 damien had other ideas . 
 he 'd killed hector menendez and ended the man 's bid for power , but he had n't been able to save leigh . 
 only i could . 
 `` what works on a regular werewolf - '' i took a deep breath . 
 the words regular werewolf always stuck to my tongue . 
 damien was n't like the rest , demonic inside , possessed by blood lust and the need to kill beneath the moon , uncaring of who he hurt or who he killed as long as his belly was full . 
 no , damien was different , too . 
 `` well , it might not work on him , '' i continued . 
 `` i need to do more tests . 
 fiddle with the formula . 
 i 'm close . 
 unfortunately , the compound blowing sky-high is going to slow me down . '' 
 `` any clue who was behind that ? '' 
 jessie had inched closer as we spoke . 
 will , too . 
 the four of them stood in a little cluster , with me on the outside , never one of them , even though we fought for the same thing , worked for and admired the same man . 
 `` none , '' i answered . 
 `` had to be werewolves , '' leigh murmured . 
 `` unless they 're like damien - and no one else that we know of is - they wo n't want to be cured . 
 they like to kill . '' 
 `` but how did they find out what elise is working on ? '' 
 jessie asked . 
 `` it 's supposed to be top secret . '' 
 leigh rolled her eyes . 
 `` sheesh , mcquade , sometimes i wonder how you walk and chew gum at the same time . '' 
 jessie 's eyes narrowed . 
 she took one step toward leigh and will grabbed her around the waist and hauled her back . 
 `` behave , '' he ordered . 
 leigh smirked , and that was all jessie needed to have her struggling against will 's hold . 
 he lifted her clear off her feet , which was quite an accomplishment considering she was only a few inches shorter than he was . 
 `` leigh , '' damien snapped . 
 `` we 're supposed to be working together . '' 
 he glanced at me and shrugged as if to say `` kids will be kids . '' 
 sometimes jessie and leigh were worse than two-year-olds fighting over a single piece of candy . 
 i found it hard to fathom how the two of them could be the best of friends when they were constantly arguing and taking swings at each other . 
 of course , i 'd never had a friend , so who was i to judge ? 
 `` let me go , slick , '' jessie ordered . 
 `` i wo n't kick her ass until later . '' 
 leigh snorted . 
 `` as if . '' 
 will set jessie back on her feet and nuzzled her neck . 
 a soft , goofy smile settled over her lips , and i smiled , too . 
 jessie and leigh might be annoying , childish , and sarcastic , but they were also totally , adorably in love with will and damien . 
 i could n't help but envy them . 
 `` promise ? '' 
 will pressed . 
 `` what do you want me to do ? 
 write it in blood ? '' 
 `` not today . '' 
 he let her go . 
 she pushed away from him with a well-placed elbow to his stomach . 
 `` oof . '' 
 will doubled over and jessie 's grin grew . 
 `` quit playing around , '' leigh said . 
 `` does anyone remember our traitor troubles ? 
 j ger-suchers getting killed ? 
 monsters getting away ? '' 
 i had n't forgotten ; i 'd just pushed that issue to the back of my mind as i dealt with more pressing concerns . 
 `` since our identities are already on the market , '' she continued , `` someone might have blabbed what elise is up to . '' 
 `` if they are n't aware of it already , they could find out soon enough . '' 
 all eyes turned to me . 
 `` the test subjects in the basement ... i do n't know if they 're alive , dead , or booking themselves on the next jerry springer . '' 
 `` edward said you killed billy bailey . '' 
 jessie 's skepticism was evident in the way her gaze flicked over me from head to toe . 
 `` how 'd you manage that ? '' 
 if i told her i 'd ripped out billy 's throat , she 'd rip out mine . 
 `` it was n't easy , '' i said , and left it at that . 
 `` but i never saw the others . 
 they could be dead . '' 
 `` could be . '' 
 jessie contemplated my face . 
 `` but i have to say , if you 'd kept me in the basement , i 'd come after you the first chance that i got . '' 
 i met her eyes without flinching . 
 `` what 's your point ? '' 
 i had nothing to be ashamed of . 
 they were werewolves , for crying out loud . 
 i was n't going to feel sorry for satan in a fur coat . 
 `` my point ? 
 if they did n't head straight for you , i think they 're ashes . '' 
 `` billy was n't . '' 
 `` but he is now . 
 right ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 hell . 
 `` you did n't burn him ? '' 
 jessie practically shouted . 
 `` i was fresh out of matches . '' 
 `` yet you had a silver bullet ? '' 
 not exactly . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' leigh interjected . 
 `` the main reason we burn the bodies is to get rid of the evidence and avoid questions . 
 where you left him ... the scavengers will have a field day . 
 even if they do n't , there 's a dead wolf in montana . 
 happens . '' 
 leigh was right . 
 still , i felt like a moron for forgetting standard j-s procedure . 
 that i was n't a standard j-s agent was no excuse . 
 as second in command i should have known better . 
 and as second in command i should be made aware of what was going on in fairhaven . 
 my gaze wandered over the trees . 
 what had they been shooting at when we 'd arrived ? 
 i took a step toward the forest , and damien grabbed my arm . 
 `` not a good idea , elise , we - '' damien 's power slammed into me ; i could taste his heartbeat , feel the virus in his blood . 
 i knew what he was , but then , i 'd always known , and because of that i 'd never let my skin touch his . 
 jerking his hand away , damien stumbled back . 
 the others stared at us as if we 'd both lost our minds . 
 `` damien ? '' 
 leigh reached for him , but he stepped out of her grasp . 
 `` wait . 
 give me a second . '' 
 i sympathized . 
 touching another werewolf in human form , when you were n't expecting it , was like sticking your wet finger into a buzzing electrical outlet . 
 damien licked his lips , ran a trembling hand over his face , then shook his head . 
 `` you 're ... like me . '' 
 jessie drew her .44 a millisecond ahead of leigh 's glock . 
 they leveled the barrels on my face . 
 a gun for each nostril . 
 how poetic . 
 i wanted to duck , but i knew them too well . 
 they 'd shoot first , say oops later . 
 i do n't think damien meant to give me up . 
 he was in shock . 
 and why would n't he be ? 
 who would guess that the most feared werewolf hunter on the planet kept his very own werewolf close at hand ? 
 not me , if i had n't been the werewolf in question . 
 `` everybody calm down , '' will murmured . 
 i 'd always liked him . 
 `` hold on , leigh . '' 
 this was damien . 
 `` she is n't - '' `` what ? '' 
 leigh 's blue eyes narrowed . 
 `` human ? 
 we got that . '' 
 `` no . 
 i mean yes . 
 hell . '' 
 he sent me an apologetic glance , then tried to inch between me and the guns . 
 i elbowed him back . 
 `` ah , ah , ah , '' leigh warned . 
 `` no sudden moves . '' 
 damien stopped pushing me , and i stepped in front of him , putting myself closer to the weapons . 
 leigh lifted her brows , and her eyes warmed just a little . 
 `` she 's not like the others , '' damien continued . 
 `` when i said she was like me , i meant it . 
 she 's different , too . '' 
 `` does mandenauer know ? '' 
 jessie blurted . 
 `` of course , '' i said . 
 `` as if we 'll believe anything you have to say . '' 
 `` you 're the one who asked . 
 call edward . 
 believe him . '' 
 everyone went silent . 
 they knew as well as i did that if edward did n't know i was a werewolf before , and he found out now , he 'd blow my brains out faster than i could say `` have mercy . '' 
 `` call him , '' jessie ordered . 
 amazingly , leigh did so without argument . 
 two minutes later , she disconnected her cell call to edward . 
 `` well ? '' 
 jessie demanded when leigh just stared at me . 
 `` he says we should leave her alone . '' 
 `` he understands she turns furry under the moon ? '' 
 `` edward agreed with damien . 
 she 's different , too . '' 
 after another moment 's hesitation , jessie put away her gun . 
 i felt no more at ease without the weapons staring me in the face , probably because four pairs of eyes were . 
 `` is there somewhere we can talk ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i still wore only a t-shirt and sweatpants , and the november night was n't any warmer in wisconsin than it had been in montana . 
 without my fur , i was freezing . 
 `` we 've rented a house next to the cop shop , '' leigh said . 
 `` we can go there . '' 
 `` where did edward take nic ? '' 
 `` mandenauer has a room over the antiques store , '' jessie told me . 
 `` i 'm sure he feels right at home there . '' 
 i peered at the buildings lining the street and knew without being told which was his . 
 windows at the front , so he could watch the town ; i 'd bet there were also windows at the back , so he could observe whatever came out of the woods . 
 a second-story room is always the best choice for both offense and defense . 
 as we continued toward the rental property i was struck by the silence . 
 no dogs barked . 
 not a baby cried . 
 there was n't a single light in any of the houses or the businesses . 
 `` too quiet , '' i murmured . 
 leigh cast a quick glance over her shoulder . 
 the expression on her face caused a shiver of premonition to dance down my spine . 
 i imagined an empty town , a very full forest . 
 `` no one 's been bitten , '' will said . 
 `` then - '' `` what are we doing here ? '' 
 jessie interrupted . 
 `` we 'll get to that . '' 
 we reached a large log house at the end of the street . 
 the porch was a bit rickety , but other than that the place seemed sturdy enough . 
 after digging a key from her jeans , jessie unlocked the front door , snapped on the lights . 
 we blinked in the electric glare . 
 jessie motioned me inside . 
 as i inched past her she plastered her shoulders to the door , insuring we did n't touch , even by accident . 
 i tried not to let that bother me , but it did . 
 i 'd always been lonely , but since no one knew of my affliction but edward , the cringing in my presence had been kept to a minimum . 
 we took seats in the small living room , and more staring ensued . 
 jessie , never a patient woman , was the first to speak . 
 `` talk , doctor , or i 'll make you . '' 
 she was getting on my nerves . 
 `` i 'd like to see you try . '' 
 jessie came to her feet and so did i. though we were the same height , she probably had ten pounds on me . 
 nevertheless , i knew who would win a physical fight . 
 if only she did n't have that gun filled with silver . 
 will grabbed her hand before she could draw the weapon . 
 leigh put herself between us , and damien reached out to halt my mad rush . 
 but right before his hand touched me , he snatched it back . 
 the movement made me pause , remembering why i 'd kept my secret all these years . 
 if damien could n't handle what i was , how could i expect anyone to ? 
 especially anyone like nic . 
 if i told him the truth , he 'd think me insane . 
 if i showed him , he 'd find me both hideous and terrifying . 
 better he hated me for a selfish , unloving bitch than that . 
 defeated , i collapsed in my chair . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 the others sat . 
 at first no one spoke , then they all spoke at once . 
 `` who ? '' 
 jessie asked . 
 `` when ? '' 
 that was damien . 
 `` how ? '' 
 murmured will . 
 leigh merely said , `` why ? '' 
 i looked at her . 
 `` why what ? '' 
 `` why have n't you been able to cure yourself ? '' 
 since my antidote had cured leigh , but not damien , she 'd called and harassed me continuously . 
 she 'd often been rude , crude , condescending . 
 i 'd put up with it because i understood her smart mouth and habitual snarl were rooted in fear . 
 if i could n't cure damien , no one could . 
 `` it 's not for lack of trying , '' i said . 
 the room went momentarily silent , until will broke the ice . 
 `` who bit you ? '' 
 he clarified . 
 `` where ? 
 when ? '' 
 `` i was n't bitten . '' 
 all four of them glanced at one another , then back at me . 
 `` maybe you should start at the beginning , '' will said . 
 i took a deep breath and a moment to think . 
 i 'd never told anyone my story before . 
 `` when werewolves touch in human form we feel each other 's power and the demon that sleeps inside of us . '' 
 i glanced at damien . 
 `` but i do n't have a demon , and neither do you . '' 
 `` i had one , '' he murmured . 
 `` at first . '' 
 damien had been like all the rest , until he 'd run afoul of an ozark mountain magic woman . 
 he 'd been blessed to lose the demon and cursed to remember all that he 'd done while having it . 
 `` you 're working for the good guys now , '' leigh told him . 
 `` you 're making up for all that you did . '' 
 `` i ca n't make up for that . 
 there is n't enough time on this earth . '' 
 leigh lifted her eyes to mine over the top of his head . 
 i could read her thoughts loud and clear . 
 fix him , she begged , as she had a hundred times before . 
 `` get on with the story , doc , '' jessie urged . 
 `` we do n't have all night . '' 
 my story would n't take that long , since it was relatively simple . 
 `` i was n't bitten , '' i said . 
 `` my mother was . '' 
 damien 's head came up . 
 `` lycanthropy is n't hereditary . 
 a werewolf ca n't breed . '' 
 `` can they ? '' 
 leigh 's voice quavered . 
 her concern was understandable . 
 i would n't want to have puppies , either . 
 `` no , '' i assured her , and she visibly relaxed . 
 `` as edward tells it , my mother was bitten while she was pregnant with me . 
 the shock sent her into early labor . '' 
 `` but - '' jessie frowned . 
 `` i thought the virus was passed through saliva . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 i did n't elaborate . 
 within a few seconds , the light dawned on them all . 
 jessie and leigh paled . 
 hell , so did will . 
 only damien had the strength to articulate the truth . 
 `` she was bitten in the stomach ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` and you ? '' 
 `` the best i can figure is that the virus entered the amniotic fluid , infecting me , though i was n't affected the way most humans are . '' 
 `` you shifted , but you were n't possessed . '' 
 `` pretty much . '' 
 `` what happened to your mother ? '' 
 leigh was staring at me with more sympathy than i 'd ever seen in her eyes , except when she was gazing at damien . 
 `` the change killed her . '' 
 which was true . 
 she 'd changed , then edward had killed her . 
 the room went silent . 
 at least no one said they were sorry . 
 they 'd have been lying . 
 my mother , once bitten , had been doomed . 
 `` what about your father ? '' 
 leigh asked . 
 `` my entire family was wiped out by the werewolves that bit my mother . '' 
 leigh 's eyes softened for an instant . 
 `` sorry . 
 that 's rough . '' 
 she should know . 
 `` when did you realize you were different ? '' 
 damien asked . 
 `` i was twenty-two . '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` you were normal until then ? '' 
 i did n't know how normal i 'd been - an orphan , raised by the man who 'd killed my mother - but i nodded anyway . 
 `` what caused it ? '' 
 `` at the time i had no idea . '' 
 as if the change had happened yesterday instead of seven years ago , the fear came back , along with the pounding panic , the crushing pain . 
 `` i was in college at stanford - '' `` nice , '' jessie muttered . 
 `` edward spared no expense . '' 
 both she and leigh frowned . 
 `` mandenauer paid for your schooling ? '' 
 `` edward has paid for everything . '' 
 as a child i had n't known why edward was caring for me , i 'd only been glad that he was . 
 i had no one else . 
 after i learned the truth , i 'd figured he felt guilty about making me an orphan . 
 recently , i 'd come to understand his assistance had been based on suspicion . 
 he 'd wondered what i might become and when . 
 the only reason he had n't killed me when i changed was because i was different , and that difference had been useful to him . 
 `` i always thought there was something going on between the two of you . '' 
 jessie 's gaze wandered over me again . 
 for a second i did n't understand what she meant . 
 when i did , my cheeks flushed , and my fists clenched . 
 `` he did n't pay for me , if that 's what you 're insinuating . '' 
 `` if the name slut fits ... '' `` gutter brain , '' i muttered , which only made leigh snicker . 
 `` stop it , '' will snapped . 
 `` let elise finish . '' 
 jessie and leigh did n't appear contrite , but they did shut up . 
 `` the first change came under the wolf moon , '' i began . 
 `` when the hell is that ? '' 
 i should have known jessie would n't be able to shut up completely . 
 `` january , '' will said , shooting her a quelling look . 
 `` when the wolves howl with hunger in the depths of the winter snows . '' 
 `` well , not at stanford , '' i allowed , `` but it was january . 
 as i 'm sure you 're all aware , full moons are a busy time . '' 
 just ask any er physician , maternity floor nurse , psychiatric attendant , or waitress at the nearest twenty-four-hour greasy spoon . 
 my last semester before medical school - new classes , new books , new challenges - i 'd been excited , anxious , and in love . 
 `` why then ? '' 
 damien asked . 
 `` would n't the changes of puberty initiate ... other changes ? '' 
 i had n't considered the notion . 
 but now that i thought about it , edward had . 
 the years between twelve and fourteen were the only ones i 'd spent with him . 
 he 'd been possessed by the desire to live in a castle in his native land . 
 to hell and gone , the middle of nowhere , practically on top of a mountain . 
 while there , i 'd had a tutor . 
 a huge hulking bear of a man , who was as frightening as he was smart . 
 when i 'd been sent to austria three days past my fourteenth birthday , i 'd thought i 'd done something wrong . 
 what i had done was gotten my period and neglected to grow fangs . 
 good girl . 
 funny how things made sense from a distance of years . 
 `` i 'd think if you were gon na go furry , '' jessie murmured , `` you 'd have done it right away . 
 got an explanation for that , wonder doc ? '' 
 i was used to a certain amount of respect , if not for the ph.d. behind my name , then for the advances i 'd made in lycanthropy research . 
 trust jessie not to give a shit about either one . 
 `` i have a theory . '' 
 `` which is about as close as we 're going to get to an answer , i 'm sure . '' 
 jessie sighed . 
 `` get on with it . '' 
 `` i believe the small amount of virus i received in utero lay dormant . 
 when it was activated , there was only enough to cause the change , not enough to ... '' i was n't sure how to articulate what happened to a human being when the virus turned them into a monster . 
 `` to strangle your soul , '' damien whispered . 
 silence settled over us all until i broke it with a simple , `` yes . '' 
 `` so you 're the perfect werewolf ? '' 
 leigh prodded . 
 `` all the superpowers without the pesky demon ? '' 
 `` i would n't say perfect . 
 it 's not exactly fun to change . '' 
 or at least it had n't been until yesterday . 
 `` i remember , '' leigh murmured . 
 when a person is bitten , they experience a kind of collective consciousness . 
 as the virus penetrates their blood , they imagine the coming change , remembering things that have happened to others . 
 they feel the pain , the power , both the terror and the temptation . 
 `` what about the blood lust ? '' 
 damien asked . 
 `` the love of the kill ? '' 
 `` the killing sickened me . 
 not that i did n't do it . 
 i could n't stop myself . '' 
 at my words , both leigh 's and jessie 's fingers crept toward their guns . 
 i doubted they even knew they were moving , so deeply ingrained was their response to a threat . 
 `` but i can stop myself now . '' 
 f hey froze , then frowned at each other . 
 `` i invented a serum . 
 under a full moon i 'll still change , but i 'm not compelled to kill . '' 
 their hands left their weapons . 
 `` i would n't mind some of that sauce , '' damien murmured . 
 `` i 'd be happy to share , '' i said . 
 `` if it had n't blown up with the compound . '' 
 `` relax , '' i ordered before jessie and leigh could threaten me again . 
 `` i 'm not going to flip out and start eating the populace . '' 
 at least for another few days . 
 `` you can make more , '' damien pressed . 
 `` ca n't you ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 as soon as edward handed over the formula . 
 i 'd planned to send damien some of the serum before the next full moon . 
 the item had been on my to-do list . 
 along with a whole bunch of other things i could n't quite remember . 
 i stood and crossed to the window , peering at the second floor of the antiques store . 
 a light was on inside , but no shadows moved beyond the curtains . 
 `` maybe i should see if they 're okay . '' 
 `` why would n't they be ? '' 
 i turned at jessie 's words . 
 `` you 've never told me why you came to fairhaven . '' 
 the four of them exchanged glances . 
 i was getting really sick of being on the outside looking in . 
 i should have been used to it by now , but i was n't . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` we 're not exactly sure , '' damien said . 
 leigh shushed him , and i shot her a glare . 
 `` if the compound was n't toast , you 'd be sending me a report . 
 you never had a problem with that before . '' 
 `` before , you were n't one of them . '' 
 `` i was . 
 you just did n't know it . '' 
 leigh 's fingers curled into fists . 
 `` i ca n't believe you let your hair down and run naked in the woods once a month . '' 
 `` it is n't as if i have a choice . '' 
 i did n't want to talk about my affliction - with her or anyone else . 
 `` can we move on ? 
 what 's happening here ? '' 
 silence reigned for several ticks of the clock before will spread his hands . 
 `` people are disappearing . '' 
 i wanted to say `` same old , same old , '' but that would n't be helpful , would it ? 
 `` who called edward ? '' 
 i asked instead . 
 `` the sheriff . '' 
 `` bodies in the woods ? 
 mangled ? 
 eaten ? '' 
 `` not this time . '' 
 `` what , then , this time ? '' 
 `` people go missing , '' leigh chimed in . 
 `` there 's blood but no bodies . '' 
 `` we thought the victims were shifting more quickly than usual , '' will said . 
 `` maybe some new kind of spell . '' 
 `` instant werewolf . '' 
 jessie made the motions of a drum roll with her hands . 
 `` presto changeo . '' 
 my hand went to the talisman in my pocket . 
 uh-oh . 
 i opened my mouth to explain , and will jumped in . 
 `` but there has n't been an increase in the wolf population to account for the vanishing citizens . 
 damien says there are n't any werewolves here at all , except for him . '' 
 `` no werewolves ? '' 
 i glanced at damien . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no wolves of any kind . '' 
 `` there are wolves all over this part of the state . '' 
 `` except in fairhaven , '' he said . 
 `` the only reason for no wolves in a place like this would be werewolves , '' i murmured . 
 `` they do n't like one another . '' 
 `` exactly , '' damien agreed . 
 `` so what does it mean if there 's neither one ? '' 
 i had no idea , but i doubted it meant anything good . 
 `` no one 's seen any wolves , '' leigh continued , `` but the forest is full of crows . '' 
 crows and wolves work together in nature . 
 wolves tolerated the birds , even let them feed off their kills . 
 in return , many naturalists believe crows fly ahead of the packs , leading them to prey . 
 the behavior transfers to werewolves . 
 where there 's a lot of one , there 's a lot of the other . 
 my own fascination with the large , black scavengers had begun in childhood . 
 while many people used them for target practice , i 'd drawn pictures of crows over and over again . 
 when i got older , i began to collect figurines , paintings , stuffed animals - like the one nic had found on my desk . 
 heckle and jeckle had been my favorite cartoon . 
 no wonder edward had kept such a close eye on me . 
 `` when i 'm out in the woods , '' damien murmured . 
 `` i sense ... i 'm not sure . 
 it 's as if something 's coming , or maybe just left . 
 i feel watched even when i 'm certain nothing 's there . '' 
 i 'd say he was paranoid , except i 'd felt something , too . 
 `` what were you shooting at when i got here ? '' 
 `` shadows , '' jessie muttered . 
 `` we 're all spooked . '' 
 which was n't like them . 
 werewolf hunters were the least spookable creatures on earth . 
 they had to be . 
 she saw my expression , must have read my mind . 
 `` i can kill anything i see . 
 but what am i supposed to do when i know it 's there , but it is n't ? '' 
 i had no answer for that . 
 `` axe you sufficiently brought up to speed , elise ? '' 
 edward 's voice from the doorway made me gasp and spin around . 
 `` i hate when you sneak up on me . '' 
 that he could was amazing in itself . 
 i had the hearing of a wolf . 
 i glanced past edward , searching for nic , my mind already scrambling for a way to explain our discussion of disappearing bodies . 
 but my boss was alone , and that made me more nervous . 
 `` what did you do with him ? '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` you know damn well who ! '' 
 his eyes narrowed , and i swallowed the rest of the angry words that threatened to spill off my tongue . 
 they 'd get me nowhere . 
 `` where is agent franklin , sir ? '' 
 `` where do you think ? '' 
 my heart skipped , then lunged into my throat . 
 `` you did n't . '' 
 `` that depends on what you think i did . '' 
 `` you ca n't go around killing fbi agents . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` why would i do that ? '' 
 `` because your answer to every problem is to shoot it ? '' 
 `` it has always worked well for me . '' 
 i could n't just stand around while nic might be dead or dying . 
 i started for the door , and edward yanked me back . 
 `` relax . 
 he is safe . '' 
 he dropped my arm immediately , surreptitiously rubbing his fingers against his black pants . 
 though i 'd been expecting it , edward 's typical reaction to being anywhere near me hurt more than usual . 
 the only man who had ever touched me gently , willingly , was nic - and he did n't know what i was . 
 seeing him again made me long for what i did n't , and could n't , have . 
 `` by safe you mean - '' `` alive , '' edward snapped . 
 `` i am not completely senile . 
 yet . '' '' 
 yet being the operative word , '' jessie muttered . 
 i tensed , anticipating an explosion of german obscenities . 
 instead , edward smirked , winked , and the two of them chuckled . 
 i stifled my childish jealousy . 
 he would never care for me the way he cared for jessie or leigh , and i 'd better get used to it . 
 edward glanced at the fitzgeralds . 
 `` i thought i sent you two ... elsewhere . '' 
 `` we wanted to hear the story of why your second in command turns furry every month . '' 
 the last flicker of humor fled his eyes as he glanced at me . 
 `` you told them everything ? '' 
 not everything . 
 there were certain secrets only edward and i could ever know . 
 `` i told them the basics so they would n't shoot me . '' 
 `` they were ordered to leave you alone . '' 
 he fixed the others with a glare . 
 `` elise is beyond your reach . 
 she answers only to me . '' 
 `` la-di-dah , '' jessie mumbled . 
 `` there is n't a scratch on her . '' 
 `` but not for lack of trying , '' will countered , taking her hand when she would have slugged him . 
 edward scowled at jessie , then leigh . 
 `` you are not to play games with elise . 
 no physical fighting , do you understand ? '' 
 a warm glow began in my chest . 
 edward was worried about me . 
 `` she could kill you without even trying , '' he continued , and the glow died . 
 he was worried about them . 
 i should have known . 
 `` can i talk to you ? '' 
 damien jerked his head . 
 `` outside ? '' 
 i looked at the others , but they were studiously avoiding my gaze . 
 except for edward , who merely rolled his eyes and shrugged . 
 `` sure . '' 
 damien preceded me onto the porch , where he pondered the sky for several moments . 
 i did n't press . 
 i was just glad to get away from everyone else for a while . 
 `` there 's more to your story than you told them , '' he said at last . 
 `` is n't there always ? '' 
 our eyes met and a flash of understanding , a tug of camaraderie , passed between us . 
 `` what is mandenauer to you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i was surprised by the question . 
 `` my boss . '' 
 edward was the father i did n't have , the mother , too . 
 even if he did n't love me , more than likely hated me , he was the only constant i 'd ever had in my life . 
 `` how close are you , really ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 at first i thought he was asking again about me and edward . 
 did everyone believe the old man and i were lovers ? 
 had n't they seen the way he treated me ? 
 worse than a junior agent . 
 then i studied damien 's face and understood he meant something else entirely . 
 `` to an antidote ? '' 
 i did n't wait for his answer . 
 this was why he 'd asked me outside . 
 he did n't want leigh to know if i was further away from a cure than they thought . 
 `` i have n't discovered anything new , '' i admitted . 
 dismay filled his eyes , and i touched him before i thought not to . 
 power blazed - bright , blinding , painful . 
 i snatched my hand away . 
 `` we 're going to have to watch that , '' i said . 
 `` it hurts '' i 'd never touched any of my test subjects skin to skin . 
 i could n't afford to have them know what i was . 
 but there 'd been other times , other places , where i had touched a werewolf in human form . 
 they had n't lived to see another moon , or blow my cover , but my secret was safe with damien . 
 `` i will find a cure , '' i promised . 
 `` count on it . '' 
 `` i feel better knowing ... '' his voice drifted off . 
 `` that i have a personal interest ? '' 
 damien nodded . 
 no one could desire a cure more than me - not even damien . 
 leigh loved him despite what he was . 
 i did n't have that luxury . 
 no one loved me , and while i was like this , no one would . 
 `` i never doubted you were n't working as hard as you could , '' damien said . 
 `` but i did . '' 
 neither one of us jumped at the sound of leigh 's voice . 
 i 'd heard her coming , and so had damien . 
 she was n't as sneaky as edward . 
 not yet . 
 `` leigh - '' damien began . 
 `` let me talk . '' 
 she moved onto the porch and stood between us . 
 `` i never trusted you , doctor , and now i know why . 
 werewolves murdered my family . 
 i do n't like them . '' 
 `` yet you 're married to one . '' 
 her eyes flashed , and her fingers curled into fists . 
 `` we ca n't help who we love . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 leigh cast me a quick glance , and her fingers relaxed . 
 i understood her dilemma . 
 she both loved damien and hated his curse . 
 she wanted him cured , needed him to be , and she had to depend on someone she distrusted to do it . 
 whoever said life was fair ? 
 `` she saved you , leigh . 
 show a little gratitude . '' 
 `` i thanked her . 
 what do you want ? '' 
 leigh tilted her head in my direction . 
 `` a hug ? '' 
 `` i 'll pass . '' 
 i 'd never been big on physical contact . 
 never knew when a simple touch , like damien 's , could give me a blistering headache . 
 my gaze was drawn to the throbbing pulse at the base of leigh 's neck - or an intense desire for red meat . 
 i might be able to control my craving for human blood through medication , but that did n't mean i was n't blindsided by a longing for it at the oddest moments . 
 leigh did n't trust me ? 
 hell , i did n't trust myself . 
 `` just so we 're clear , '' she continued . 
 `` i want you to quit dicking around and fix him . 
 that 's what you 're paid for . '' 
 `` leigh - '' damien sounded exasperated . 
 `` i 'd get more done if you were n't bugging me , '' i interrupted . 
 `` do n't you have someone to kill ? '' 
 `` always . '' 
 `` have a nice trip . '' 
 a modicum of respect flickered in her eyes before she took damien 's hand . 
 `` we 'll be in washington . '' 
 `` d.c. ? '' 
 which reminded me of nic . 
 the fury remained parked in front of the tavern . 
 where was he ? 
 `` washington state , '' leigh answered . 
 `` what 's there ? '' 
 `` trees . 
 wolves . 
 dead people . 
 there 's been a significant increase in werewolf activity pretty much everywhere over the past few days . 
 edward 's cell phone 's ringing like crazy . 
 drove him bat shit when he could n't get hold of you . '' 
 `` strange that there 's so much action when the moon is n't even full , '' i murmured . 
 `` they 're up to something , '' leigh said , `` but then , they always are . '' 
 with a nod that passed for both agreement and good-bye , leigh headed for the car , stopping at the bottom of the porch steps when damien did n't follow . 
 `` i 'll be right there , '' he said . 
 with one more glare for me , leigh climbed into the passenger seat . 
 `` i was thinking , '' damien continued . 
 `` maybe the werewolves are after more than mandenauer . 
 if they want you or the information you 've gathered , they 'll be back as soon as they know blowing up the compound did n't do them any good . '' 
 i considered the silver bullet that had nearly hit me in the head . 
 `` i think they already know . '' 
 `` where 's your research now ? '' 
 `` edward has it . '' 
 damien shot a quick , concerned glance at the cabin . 
 hell . 
 what if someone killed edward before he could tell me where the information was ? 
 the thought sent a shiver from my head down to my toes . 
 i was surprised they had n't tried already , though edward was n't easy to eliminate , and the werewolves , despite their pack nature , were n't exactly organized . 
 unlike real wolves , they did n't take orders well . 
 there was always a new alpha fighting to be in charge , if not of a certain pack , then the world . 
 thus far they 'd never joined together with any success . 
 if they did , we might be in serious trouble . 
 and would n't killing my boss , then putting an end to a cure for lycanthropy be a good way for an up-and-coming leader to gain everyone 's loyalty ? 
 i did n't like the direction of my thoughts . 
 i had to find edward and quick . 
 `` be careful , '' damien said . 
 instead of shaking his hand - we both knew what a mistake that would be - i murmured , `` you , too , '' before slipping into the house . 
 `` i do n't care if she is a scientist . '' 
 i heard jessie 's voice as if she were speaking in my ear and not whispering in the next room . 
 `` she 's also a freaking werewolf , '' she continued . 
 `` who knows what might tempt her to the dark side ? 
 remember zee ? '' 
 jessie had once been betrayed by her closest friend . 
 i could n't expect her to have faith in me . 
 still , it stung to realize i held no one 's trust . 
 nobody wanted me here . 
 except maybe damien , and he had just left . 
 i waited for edward to tell jessie , again , to leave me alone . 
 he 'd be doing so to protect his own interests , but that protection was the only nicety i got from him . 
 instead , will 's voice drifted through the house . 
 `` forget about zee . '' 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 jessie 's sigh was heavy with regret . 
 `` killing your best friend , even when she is a wolf god , is something you do n't put behind you in a few months . '' 
 `` you can try . '' 
 silence descended , broken only by moist , smacking sounds . 
 they were making out . 
 which meant ... edward was n't even here . 
 i slammed out the front door and sprinted across the street . 
 the antiques shop was locked , no shit . 
 so i hurried to the alley , then around the back , where a wooden staircase led to the second floor . 
 seconds later , i knocked . 
 no one answered , though i could have sworn i heard a muffled sound from inside . 
 my hand tested the brass knob . 
 locked . 
 not much of a challenge for me . 
 i turned it , hard , and something went crunch . 
 i stepped into an empty apartment . 
 edward 's space consisted of a living area with a bed , kitchen table , and sink all in one room . 
 three doors were placed at intervals opposite the entrance . 
 one led to a bathroom , the second held the furnace and an ironing board , the third held nic . 
 all tied up and nowhere to go . 
 he scowled at me from behind a strip of gaff tape . 
 edward had bound his hands into the prayer position , making it impossible for nic to open the door and escape the closet , even if he could walk with his feet anchored sole to sole . 
 `` what did you say to him ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 must have been something really annoying to warrant this treatment . 
 nic started talking , but with tape over his mouth , he was a little hard to understand . 
 leaning over , i ripped it free with a single yank . 
 `` hell . 
 shit . 
 damn ! 
 that hurt ! '' 
 `` one quick yank always works best . '' 
 `` how about we test that theory on your mouth ? '' 
 `` no , thanks . 
 where 's edward ? '' 
 `` he was going to call my boss . 
 as if that 'll change anything . '' 
 i crossed to the window and gazed at the still and silent street . 
 edward had n't been at the cabin ; he was n't here ; his car remained below . 
 a figure several buildings away caught my eye . 
 long and gaunt - that had to be him . 
 he must have gone outside for better cell service . 
 if i wanted to cut nic loose , i 'd better do it quickly . 
 i found a knife in a drawer next to the sink and sawed at the bindings on nic 's hands . 
 the knife was dull ; this could take more time than i had . 
 if i distracted him , i could rip the tape with my bare hands . 
 `` how did he convince you to step into the closet and let him tie you up ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` very funny . 
 he said he wanted to talk to me , then rapped me on the head . '' 
 while nic spoke , i severed the tape with one yank , then paused to peer into his eyes . 
 two injuries in such a short period could n't be good . 
 and if you added how i 'd knocked him into a wall when i first saw him again - `` you sick to your stomach ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` dizzy ? '' 
 `` just finish . 
 there 's no telling what he 's got planned for me next . '' 
 i wanted to argue , to say edward would n't hurt him , but that was n't true . 
 edward might do anything . 
 `` mandenauer 's flipped his lid , '' he muttered . 
 `` this is pretty much his usual lid . '' 
 glancing up , i caught nic 's incredulous expression . 
 `` i warned you . 
 he 's not a man you want to screw with . '' 
 i tugged and the binding around nic 's feet came apart with a sharp split . 
 before i could get up , he grabbed me by the shoulders and gave me a single , rough shake . 
 `` we have to leave right away . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` i 'm not kidding , elise . 
 he 's nuts . 
 what 's with all the guns and ammo ? 
 and the other agents - do n't they strike you as a little over the top ? 
 i feel like i 've stepped into a lost episode of buffy the vampire slayer . '' 
 little did he know how close to the truth he was . 
 `` what were they shooting at when we got here ? '' 
 the lies came so damn easy , i did n't even have to think about them anymore before they fell out of my mouth . 
 `` remember the new strain of rabies i was telling you about ? '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 `` the virus needs to be eradicated before it spreads . '' 
 `` so there were five agents with guns in the woods blasting infected wolves ? '' 
 i stared him straight in the eye . 
 `` yes . '' 
 his fingers tightened on my shoulders . 
 `` i do n't believe you . '' 
 i kissed him . 
 maybe he 'd believe that , because it was the only real thing i could give . 
 not the truth about the j ger-suchers , edward , the others , or even myself . 
 but i could touch my lips to his , sweep my tongue inside , murmur , moan , and mean all of it . 
 he pulled me closer ; i dropped the knife . 
 i ended up in his lap , arms around his neck . 
 so what if we were on the floor of an empty closet , in a rented room , in a town i 'd never heard of before yesterday ? 
 we were together again , and nic was making me feel things i had n't felt since the last time i 'd touched him . 
 i tasted tape on his lips , mint on his tongue . 
 my fingers brushed the back of his neck , missing the longer length of his hair . 
 i 'd always loved tangling my hands in the silky strands , but he 'd shorn them off and only a dark , short thatch remained . 
 the difference in his hair brought back the difference in me . 
 ruthlessly i shoved aside the memory , my fears . 
 i needed this , needed him , as much as i needed nic to stop asking the questions that could get both of us killed . 
 he tried to pull away , but i nipped his lip and shifted in his lap , my rear end rolling over his erection . 
 swallowing his gasp , both pain and arousal , i coaxed his tongue into my mouth and suckled . 
 his palm lay against my stomach , and when i drew on his tongue , his fingers flexed . 
 the muscles beneath my skin fluttered , and he traced them with his thumb , lower and lower , until his entire hand crept under the waistband of my sweatpants . 
 i wore no underwear , no bra - neither one had been available for purchase at the gas station . 
 he stroked the underside of my breasts , the swell of my rear , his thumb rode the curve of my hip . 
 i had to get closer , so i swung my leg over his and scooted in . 
 his zipper bulged , and that could n't be comfortable . 
 he did n't seem to mind . 
 i considered opening his pants and running my tongue along his length , but i gave up the idea when he arched and hard met soft so perfectly i could n't put a stop to it even to have his heat in my mouth . 
 years had passed since i 'd been touched in any way but casual or violent . 
 the only men i 'd seen besides edward were other j ger-suchers and guards , who 'd been threatened with dire consequences should they look at me crosswise . 
 oh , and the demonic entities who wanted to fuck me for no other reason than that i was there . 
 i shuddered at the memory of billy , and nic pulled me closer , murmuring nonsensical encouragement . 
 he thought i was coming , and i was close . 
 his palms slid under my t-shirt , across my back , then up to cup my breasts . 
 the firm , solid length of him ground against me , and i tightened my thighs around his hips . 
 in an effort to pull me nearer , he grabbed my waist , and his hand closed over the pocket that held the talisman . 
 trapped between me and him , the thing purred . 
 `` mmm , '' nick answered against my lips . 
 i did n't have the heart to tell him the murmur of appreciation had n't been mine . 
 his skin was warm ; he smelled so alive . 
 a vein pulsed and i captured his flesh between my teeth . 
 blood flowed beneath the surface , calling me . 
 his palm still covered the talisman , and when his fingers clenched , heat coursed between us like an electric current . 
 the moon erupted behind my closed eyelids - stark and potent , both agony and ecstasy . 
 cool silver in the midst of summer , warm and golden in the depths of winter . 
 power rushed through me . 
 i believed i could do anything , save anyone , become ... nic stiffened , pulsing as he whispered my name . 
 the sound , the sensation brought me around . 
 what the hell had happened ? 
 i opened my eyes . 
 nic stared back , nothing but curiosity in his . 
 i could n't have done anything too weird , too wolfy , or he 'd be wary . 
 my gaze was drawn to his pulse . 
 i could still taste his skin , smell it , too . 
 i wanted to bury my face in the curve of his neck and hold on to him forever . 
 `` did you feel anything move ? '' 
 i had n't meant to voice the question , but when i did , nic flexed his hips . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 you were moving . '' 
 my face flushed . 
 i dropped my hand to my pocket , but the plastic was just plastic again . 
 no heat . 
 not a shimmy or a sound . 
 had i imagined everything ? 
 no . 
 nic had heard the talisman purr , just as i had . 
 however , i did n't know what that meant . 
 i needed to show the icon to will and soon . 
 i tried to stand ; nic tightened his hold . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 he covered my fingers with his and i tensed , but nothing leaped but my heart . 
 `` you can attack me in a closet any day or night . '' 
 nic leaned forward and brushed his mouth against mine . 
 `` but i 'm a big boy now . 
 i 'd rather do this naked , in a bed , anywhere but here . '' 
 his tongue flicked out . 
 the sensation was a lightning strike , bringing back all we 'd just shared , making me long for things we had n't . 
 i wanted nic to use his no teeth on me , along with several other body parts . 
 goose bumps raced over my skin and i murmured , `` okay . '' 
 nic lifted his head . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 i tried to remember what he 'd asked , what i 'd agreed to . 
 `` i meant ... sorry . '' 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 again , i tried to get off him . 
 again , he would n't let me . 
 `` i think you can . 
 you just do n't want to . '' 
 oh , i wanted to . 
 more than i should . 
 which was what disturbed me . 
 certainly i was attracted to nic , but i should n't have to fight the urge to tear off his clothes every time he touched me . 
 should i ? 
 only one way to find out . 
 `` nic , '' i breathed and hugged him . 
 startled , distracted , still aroused , and , let 's face it , a guy , he dropped the questions to hug me back . 
 i tossed the talisman into the corner and kissed him . 
 he tasted the same , sticky plus mint . 
 his hands roved under my shirt , over my skin . 
 pressing my body closer , i opened my mind . 
 no moon , no trees , just us . 
 i still wanted to rip off nic 's clothes , but his throat was safe . 
 i 'd kissed him as a test : was the talisman making me lust after him beyond reason ? 
 since the plastic was in the corner and not on me , i had to conclude the answer was no . 
 however , it was doing something funky . 
 `` why did you not tell me that he is the man who made you what you are ? '' 
 my tongue still inside nic 's mouth , i froze . 
 slowly , i took it back , lifted my head , shoved my snarled hair out of my face , and sighed . 
 this time when i climbed off nic 's lap , he let me . 
 i faced edward . 
 jessie and will stood just inside the apartment doorway . 
 `` hell , '' i muttered . 
 will appeared embarrassed . 
 i know i was . 
 jessie seemed amused . 
 i did n't find any of this funny . 
 nic got to his feet . 
 `` what 's he talking about ? '' 
 edward lifted a slightly yellowed brow in my direction . 
 i scowled . 
 he 'd better not tell the truth . 
 since the best defense is always a good offense - i was taught that by the master in front of me - i went on the attack . 
 `` what were you thinking to tie him up and shove him in a closet ? '' 
 jessie 's eyes widened ; so did will 's . 
 `` he annoyed me . '' 
 `` half the known world annoys you . '' 
 `` three quarters , '' he corrected and sniffed . 
 `` sir , '' nic began . 
 i stomped on his foot . 
 `` let me handle this . '' 
 `` you were handling him , '' edward accused . 
 `` what were you thinking ? '' 
 i 'd been thinking i needed someone - nic - and something - sex - but i could n't share that with edward . 
 his gaze shifted past me to nic . 
 `` you have been recalled to washington . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` your work here is done . 
 get out . '' 
 `` pardon me if i do n't take your word for it . '' 
 edward 's eyes flashed . 
 he threw his cell phone at nic . 
 i ducked before it hit me between the eyes . 
 the contraption bounced off nic 's chest and clattered to the floor . 
 `` call your superior , '' edward sneered . 
 `` i did . '' 
 nic retrieved the phone and dialed , then moved to the window so he could hear . 
 jessie and will came closer . 
 `` he is the one , is n't he ? '' 
 edward demanded . 
 a chill wind seemed to swirl about the room . 
 my skin , warm with arousal , went tingly with gooseflesh . 
 i knew what he was asking ; nevertheless i said , `` the one ? '' 
 `` i am not foolish , elise . 
 i ran a check on him . 
 he graduated from stanford - not long after you left . '' 
 `` interesting , '' jessie said . 
 `` you told us you changed , but you never said what set you off . '' 
 she let her gaze wander over nic 's back . 
 `` sex just might do it . '' 
 `` i never - '' i ended the sentence before it left my mouth , nevertheless everyone knew what i meant . 
 will coughed and stared at his feet . 
 jessie smirked . 
 `` never , huh ? 
 no wonder you 're so cranky . '' 
 `` i am not ! '' 
 `` if sex did n't change you , what did ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` love . '' 
 at least her smirk died . 
 she and will exchanged glances . 
 the one he turned on me was full of pity . 
 i hated that . 
 when a human being falls in love , variations in body chemistry are n't far behind . 
 i believed those changes were the reason i 'd transformed at twenty-two . 
 however , my case did n't apply to the everyday werewolf , which changed after being bitten . 
 we were n't the same , and therefore what had happened to me had n't been of much use in my research . 
 all that pain for so little gain . 
 `` now you know , '' i whispered furiously , after glancing over my shoulder at nic , who was speaking with equal fervency into the cell phone . 
 `` i fell in love , turned furry , and - '' my voice broke and i could n't finish . 
 of course edward had no such problem . 
 `` she came back to montana where she belonged . '' 
 `` you could n't tell him - '' jessie began . 
 `` right . 
 would you want to live with a werewolf ? '' 
 jessie 's and will 's eyes met again . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 there 'd been a bit of confusion during the fiasco with the wolf god - who was human , who was not ? 
 jessie had , for a time , believed will was one of them . 
 it had n't stopped her from sleeping with him . 
 will reached out and touched her cheek . 
 `` spare us , '' edward muttered . 
 jessie shot him a glare . 
 `` leigh and damien are fine . '' 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 i had to agree with edward . 
 leigh and damien were in love , but they were far from fine . 
 damien lived every day , every night , with the memory of all he had done . 
 leigh ached for children , and she would n't get them from him . 
 `` i left nic , '' i continued , `` and he never knew why . 
 he hates me . '' 
 `` yeah , looked that way from where i was standing , '' jessie muttered . 
 i narrowed my eyes , but she just laughed . 
 `` elise . '' 
 edward beckoned with one long , bony index finger . 
 i joined him near the kitchen table . 
 `` do you know why he is here ? '' 
 `` missing persons . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` anonymous tip . 
 someone 's trying to cause trouble , and we know who that someone is . '' 
 `` this is a little more serious than that . 
 you did n't recognize the names ? '' 
 `` i did n't get a chance to read them before i lost the list . '' 
 edward 's sigh was filled with both disgust and impatience . 
 `` compound exploding , billy attacking - i was a little busy . '' 
 `` you should have killed him while you had the chance . 
 must i do everything myself ? '' 
 `` i 'm not going to let you hurt him . '' 
 the two of us stared into each other 's eyes until nic stalked across the room and tossed the cell phone at edward with more force than necessary . 
 `` whatever you said , whoever you know , you 've got them scared . 
 i 've been ordered back to d.c. '' `` good-bye , '' edward replied . 
 `` but you do n't scare me . 
 i 'm not leaving . '' 
 for the first time i could remember , edward was surprised into silence . 
 `` i have vacation time . 
 i 'm taking it . 
 this town appears ... relaxing . '' 
 `` jessie , '' edward snapped . 
 `` get rid of him . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shouted , and everyone jumped . 
 edward shot a glare in my direction before returning his attention to jessie . 
 `` make sure he leaves town . 
 put him on a plane yourself , if you must . '' 
 `` she ca n't force me to go , '' nic said . 
 jessie drew her gun and pointed it at his crotch . 
 `` okay . 
 she can . '' 
 nic 's gaze met mine , and the years fell away . 
 i had n a future , with him . 
 there were n't any monsters . 
 death did n't wait around every corner . 
 then he spoke and the fantasy disappeared . 
 `` come with me . 
 you do n't need him . '' 
 except i did . 
 edward would make certain i got a job nowhere . 
 without the serum , i 'd be eating the populace within a week . 
 since my secret no longer appeared safe - lord knows who or what was hunting me already - alone , out in the world , i 'd die , and so would anyone who got too close . 
 failing that , i 'd kill and then i 'd be killed . 
 my choices were mighty slim . 
 i could n't bring all that down on nic . 
 he had no idea what was out there - hell , he had no idea what was in here - and i had to keep it that way . 
 edward leaned over , whispering so that only i could hear , `` he knows the names of the people you 've killed , elise . '' 
 my heart seemed to stop . 
 time slowed . 
 the whole world faded until it was only me and nic and the elephant in the room . 
 there was more about me to keep secret than my tendency to howl at the moon . 
 edward , being edward , was not a wasteful man . 
 i was the perfect werewolf , danger without the demon . 
 i was useful for a lot more than research . 
 there were monsters out there that even edward could n't kill . 
 but i could , and i had . 
 so why was i hesitating ? 
 did i want nic to discover that the murderer he was searching for was me ? 
 i 'd rather be dead . 
 still , despite the dangers , the problems , the reality of my life , i wanted to go with nic more than i 'd wanted anything for a long , long time . 
 i 've heard that first love is imprinted on our hearts . 
 even if we move on to love others , have children with them , live our lives , our first love is always there . 
 we never forget . 
 what 's felt then , with that one person , carries a gilded sheen - both the best and the worst of times - often never to be repeated with such intensity again . 
 for me this was even more true , because there 'd never been anyone else . 
 but what did nic feel ? 
 he wanted me , certainly . 
 however , he had n't mentioned love . 
 even if he did care , could his love survive both my curse and my crimes ? 
 i doubted it . 
 once we 'd whispered of a life together : marriage , careers , children . 
 that dream was as impossible now as it had been then . 
 even if i found a cure , did i dare bring a child into this world knowing what i did about it ? 
 the end of the werewolves would n't mean the end of evil . 
 evil lived everywhere , for always . 
 a child would be helpless , innocent . 
 what if he or she had to pay for the sins i 'd committed ? 
 barring that , what if someday , someone told him or her all about me ? 
 i forced myself to speak past the longing , through the fear . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 `` you heard her , g-man . '' 
 jessie motioned toward the door with her gun . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 with a sound of disgust that dug into my heart , nic preceded jessie out of the apartment . 
 nic never looked back . 
 n one glare from edward , and will slipped onto the porch , then started fiddling with the door i 'd busted . 
 `` he thinks those people are missing , '' edward said . 
 `` without the bodies , he 'll never be able to prove otherwise . '' 
 `` well , that sets my mind at ease . '' 
 edward 's lips tightened . 
 `` this is not a matter for amusement , elise . '' 
 `` am i laughing ? 
 he 's the last person on earth i 'd ever want to possess a list of my sins . 
 and why does he ? 
 you 're supposed to cover things up . '' 
 `` i thought i had , '' edward murmured . 
 `` the question remains : who sent him ? '' 
 `` we know who sent him . '' 
 `` the monsters ? 
 most likely . 
 they want us distracted . '' 
 `` i 'm distracted all right . '' 
 he flicked me an impatient glance . 
 `` you are certain he never knew what happened at stanford ? '' 
 i thought back seven years : the joy of first love , turned to pain , then confusion , the agony of the change . 
 i 'd been alone and frightened . 
 i 'd awoken naked and bloody in my own room . 
 i remembered what had happened and whom i 'd killed . 
 i had not gone anywhere near nic . 
 if he 'd seen me running wildly across the campus , he would n't have recognized me . 
 no one could have . 
 from my apartment , i 'd called edward , then hidden until he 'd arrived and spirited me away , leaving experts behind to clean up my mess . 
 i 'd been quarantined for the next several months . 
 an army of doctors , psychiatrists , and therapists had poked , prodded , and questioned me . 
 i was different , but no one knew why , so i 'd been given a choice : work for the j ger-suchers or eat a silver bullet . 
 it was a harder choice than one might think . 
 following the loss of nic and the death of the future we 'd planned together , i had n't wanted to live . 
 yet i 'd also felt a sense of responsibility . 
 i wanted to atone for what i 'd done . 
 i could do that by finding a cure for the virus . 
 `` elise ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 edward still waited for me to answer his question . 
 will still stood on the porch . 
 and nic was gone from my life forever all over again . 
 `` no , '' i said , firmly . 
 `` nic knew nothing then , and he knows nothing now . '' 
 `` you are certain ? '' 
 `` why do n't you tell me ? 
 your goons came to stanford . 
 what did they find ? '' 
 for an instant i thought edward might turn on his booted heel and leave without an answer , but he did n't . 
 `` no one saw a wolf . 
 or at least no one left alive . '' 
 edward would never let me forget what i 'd done . 
 as if i could . 
 `` i still do n't understand why you kept me in the dark until you had no choice but to tell the truth , '' i murmured . 
 `` you wanted to spend your life worrying about what you might or might not become ? 
 you wanted to know that whenever i was near you i kept a silver bullet in my pocket with your name on it ? '' 
 `` no , sir . 
 i could have done without knowing that , even now . '' 
 `` what i do not understand is how those names were connected . '' 
 `` they 're connected by me , '' i said . 
 `` we know that , but how would anyone else ? '' 
 `` i suspect if we discover how , we 'll discover who - and then we 'll have our traitor . '' 
 edward 's fingers curled into fists . 
 he had been in charge of the j ger-suchers for over fifty years , and no one had ever betrayed him before . 
 i would n't want to be the one who was betraying him now . 
 he stalked to the door . 
 `` are they gone ? '' 
 will jumped . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i think it is best if i follow and make certain the fbi agent does as jessie says . '' 
 `` she can handle herself . '' 
 `` she can . '' 
 edward glanced at me . 
 `` but i need some air . '' 
 he clattered down the steps . 
 seconds later , his beloved black cadillac roared to life . 
 `` hey . '' 
 will stepped into the apartment . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 not really , but since there was nothing he could do to help , i nodded . 
 `` mandenauer can be ... '' he seemed to struggle for an appropriate word . 
 `` unpleasant . '' 
 `` i just thought he was mean . '' 
 `` he has good reason to be . '' 
 i knew that as well as anyone . 
 i should cut edward some slack ; he 'd had a rough life . 
 `` he can hardly stand to look at me , '' i murmured . 
 `` he never could , because he always knew . '' 
 as a child i had n't understood why edward could n't wait to be rid of me . 
 his neglect had not only hurt but fashioned me into a people pleaser . 
 i 'd been teacher 's pet , top of my class , everyone 's darling . 
 except his . 
 `` if it 's any consolation , mandenauer never liked me much , either . '' 
 i glanced at will . 
 `` what 's not to like ? '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 his smile charmed me . 
 `` i take jessie 's attention away from her job . 
 drives him crazy . '' 
 `` he 's just jealous because he has no one . '' 
 hell , so was i. `` there 's never been anyone for him ? '' 
 will asked . 
 `` maybe long ago , before the werewolves . '' 
 `` there have always been werewolves , elise . '' 
 true enough . 
 my training to become a j ger-sucher , combined with an intense curiosity about where i 'd come from , where i might be going , had caused me to read everything i could find on the subject . 
 the earliest likeness of a man-wolf was discovered on a cave wall . 
 many historians believe the first written account of a werewolf can be found in the book of daniel , when king nebuchadnezzar exhibited symptoms of werewolfism for four years . 
 tales of lycanthropy abound in greek and roman myth , throughout the middle ages , and into present times . 
 sure , most experts insist superstition and psychosis have led to such stories , but we know differently . 
 the most recent rash of monsters came about because of the nazis . 
 who else but hitler and his pals would be insane enough to manufacture a werewolf army ? 
 edward had been a spy during world war two . 
 his mission had been to search out and destroy whatever josef mengele - the doctor who had performed thousands of experiments on the jews , the gypsies , and anyone else hitler disliked - had created in a secret lab in the black forest . 
 however , mengele had released the monsters he 'd made into the world before edward could stop him . 
 my boss had been following his original set of orders ever since . 
 `` you think mandenauer was married before the war ? '' 
 will pressed . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 once , when he was ill ... '' my voice drifted off . 
 about a month ago , edward had returned to the compound and secreted himself in his quarters . 
 after a day of silence , i 'd pounded on the door . 
 when he did n't answer , i 'd yanked it from the hinges . 
 edward had been delirious . 
 at first i feared he was bitten , but i could n't find a single mark . 
 turned out he 'd had nothing more than a flu virus , hazardous to an old man , but not as hazardous as what he might have had . 
 i glanced at will , who was waiting for me to finish , but i discovered i could n't . 
 when edward had been sick , i 'd taken care of him , and he 'd rambled , mostly in german , words i did n't understand , but he 'd also said a name . 
 maria . 
 i 'd never heard his voice that soft , that tender . 
 i could tell that he had loved her , but who she 'd been , where she 'd gone , remained a mystery . 
 one i could n't share with will or anyone else . 
 i was edward 's second in command , and though he loathed me with an intensity that made me both sad and furious , i did n't take my responsibilities lightly . 
 his secrets were as safe with me as mine were with him . 
 `` never mind , '' will said , seeming to understand my hesitation . 
 `` you have a suitcase i can bring in from the car ? '' 
 `` not anymore . '' 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 sorry . '' 
 `` an excuse to buy a whole new wardrobe . 
 although i doubt i 'll buy one here . '' 
 `` probably not . 
 fairhaven is a blip on the map . 
 no lake nearby , no tourist trade . 
 even before the disappearances , the place was dying for years . '' 
 `` so who lives in a place like this ? '' 
 `` folks who want a lot of alone time . '' 
 will shrugged . 
 `` the highway used to lead to vacation spots on lake superior . 
 fairhaven is a little over halfway between there and milwaukee , so people stopped for a meal , a stretch , to shop , some even stayed the night . 
 then they built a brand-new four-lane expressway , which bypassed the town . '' 
 `` sudden death . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 a lot of people left . 
 some stayed . '' 
 he stared at me for a minute . 
 `` i bet you could fit into some of jessie 's clothes . '' 
 my brain scurried to catch up with the sudden shift in subject . 
 `` no , thanks . '' 
 jessie did n't seem like the kind of girl who liked to share . 
 `` you could order some things off the internet . 
 have them delivered by express mail . '' 
 the idea was more than appealing . 
 walking around in a thin t-shirt with no bra , not to mention the lack of underwear , was not very comfortable . 
 i could also use a coat that did n't sprout from my pores under the light of the moon . 
 `` you can use my computer . '' 
 will started for the door , turning back , curiously , when i ducked into the closet . 
 at first i did n't see the talisman and i panicked . 
 could the icon walk off or just plain disappear ? 
 why not , when it moved and mumbled all on its own ? 
 i caught a glint in the far corner and snatched the totem from the floor . 
 `` i want you to see this . '' 
 i held the tiny wolf between my thumb and forefinger . 
 will came closer , frowned and pulled his glasses from his pocket . 
 he studied the icon for several ticks of the clock , then lifted his gaze to my face . 
 `` yours ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` finders keepers . '' 
 `` you did n't have it made ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i tilted my head . 
 `` why ? '' 
 his frown deepened , carving lines across his forehead and around his mouth . 
 `` have n't you noticed that this talisman looks an awful lot like you ? '' 
 when i was a wolf , i was n't completely white . 
 more golden . 
 blond with blue eyes in both forms . 
 however , the resemblance was there `` the icon is n't mine , '' i repeated . 
 `` odd . '' 
 will continued to peer at the plastic and frown . 
 `` talismans are representations of spirit guides . 
 ojibwe folklore says that those of a particular clan are descended from that clan 's animal . '' 
 i recalled the information from jessie 's report on the wolf god . 
 according to native american legend there were several totemic divisions : bear , eagle , moose , wolf , and so on . 
 in the old days , each clan had a specialized task . 
 while one governed , another made war . 
 members could not marry within their own clan - the ancestral link to the animal or bird made their blood too similar . 
 `` in that case , '' will continued , `` i 'd be descended from a wolf . '' 
 `` no wonder edward does n't like you , '' i said . 
 `` did n't go over too well when he heard it , that 's for sure . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i asked , though i had a pretty good idea . 
 will tilted his head , and his golden earring swung free . 
 `` he shot me with silver . '' 
 `` no ill effects ? '' 
 `` i did n't explode . '' 
 will rolled up the sleeve of his t-shirt . 
 a bullet-shaped scar marred the smooth cinnamon skin of his upper arm . 
 `` sorry about that , '' i said . 
 `` you did n't do it . '' 
 he let the material fall back into place . 
 `` besides , chicks dig scars , do n't they ? '' 
 `` you better hope not , unless you want a high body count when jessie gets hold of them . '' 
 will laughed . 
 `` she 's something else . '' 
 `` yeah , but what ? '' 
 he considered me for a moment with a bemused expression . 
 `` you two are a lot alike . '' 
 `` me and jessie ? 
 i do n't think so . '' 
 i was like no one i 'd ever encountered , but that was beside the point . 
 jessie and i were as different as day and night , new moon and full , human and werewolf . 
 i slanted the icon until the light caught the jeweled eyes and sparkled . 
 `` what 's your opinion ? '' 
 `` not sure . 
 usually , totems are made of stone , bone , something of the earth . '' 
 `` and this is plastic . '' 
 `` which would make me think it 's nothing more than a child 's toy , sold in tourist shops to folks from away . 
 there is n't an ojibwe alive who would create a spiritual symbol from plastic . '' 
 `` except ? '' 
 his gaze lifted from the wolf to my face . 
 `` except this appears to have been made to represent a specific wolf . 
 you . '' 
 `` voodoo ? '' 
 `` voodoo is an amalgamation of ancient african tribal symbols and the catholicism the slaves were baptized into upon their arrival . 
 this totem , however weird , is ojibwe . 
 but the only time i 've seen talismans that simulate something more specific than a generic clan animal is when they 're shamanic . '' 
 `` english , please . '' 
 `` shamans use talismans to aid them in assuming the form of their spirit animal . 
 to do that , they often construct a totem to resemble themselves in some way : hair color , eyes , distinctive facial feature . '' 
 `` i 'm not a shaman . '' 
 `` technically , anyone with the right stuff can transform . '' 
 `` the right stuff being ... ? '' 
 `` mystical connection to an animal . '' 
 `` got that , '' i said dryly . 
 `` a shamanic totem . '' 
 i jiggled the wolf like a tiny martini shaker . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` a sacrifice to imbue the totem with power . '' 
 my hand froze mid-shake . 
 `` what kind of sacrifice ? '' 
 `` blood , death . '' 
 i thought of the flayed rabbit and muttered , `` hell . '' 
 will 's gaze shot to mine . 
 `` what ? '' 
 quickly , i told him exactly where i 'd found the icon , then i told him the rest . 
 about the totem shifting , spilling silver light into my mind , and the instantaneous change . 
 `` bam , you 're a wolf ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` pretty much . 
 you think that 's what 's been happening in fairhaven ? '' 
 he blinked , frowned , considered the tiny wolf again , then shook his head . 
 `` they 'd have to fashion talismans that represent a particular person . 
 seems like too much hassle . 
 and really , what 's the rush ? '' 
 once bitten , the victim would shift within twenty-four hours - rain or shine , sunshine or shadow , full moon or new . 
 even the dead would rise . 
 they 'd heal , then run and kill as a wolf . 
 the first time , the moon did n't matter . 
 `` besides , we 'd have found tiny totems strewn all over the place . 
 once you 're a wolf , no pockets . '' 
 my lips curved at the similarity in our thought processes . 
 `` so what 's going on ? '' 
 `` with you or with fairhaven ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` pick a mystery . '' 
 `` there has n't been a disappearance since we arrived . 
 my theory is that whatever the werewolves were up to in fairhaven , they 're done and they 've moved on . '' 
 `` or they saw edward - '' `` and they moved on . '' 
 will nodded . 
 `` i would . 
 according to jessie , we 'll have to leave soon , as well . 
 there are werewolves busting out all over the country . '' 
 `` what about the mystery of me ? '' 
 will pointed at the icon . 
 `` if that was left for you , and i have to think it was , what did they hope to accomplish ? '' 
 `` why do shamans transform ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what do they gain from the process ? '' 
 `` becoming one with their spirit animal gives them the power to complete a quest . '' 
 `` what kind of quest ? '' 
 `` a journey , knowledge . 
 whatever is most important to them . '' 
 `` the cure , '' i murmured . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 his forehead creased in thought . 
 `` but if they meant to help you , why not just hand you the thing ? '' 
 `` yeah , why not ? '' 
 `` the place blew up , '' he said slowly , `` and then you found the talisman ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` were they trying to kill you or not ? 
 i ca n't decide . '' 
 `` join the club . '' 
 he ignored my attempt at humor . 
 jessie was no doubt a whole lot funnier than i was . 
 `` if they meant for you to die , then the icon being where it was did n't have anything to do with you . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` but - '' he broke off , and his dark eyes met mine again . 
 `` if they wanted you dead , then why the talisman that resembles you in wolf form ? 
 coincidence ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 `` me , neither . '' 
 will appeared as stumped as i was . 
 `` how did you manage to be outside when the place went up in flames ? '' 
 `` the test wolves went ballistic . 
 howling , snarling , hiding , then attacking . 
 they were behaving as if - '' my eyes met will 's . 
 `` they were trapped by an enemy . '' 
 `` but which enemy ? '' 
 i spread my hands wide . 
 there were so many to choose from . 
 `` i guess if we knew that , '' will continued , `` we 'd know who blew up the compound and maybe even why . '' 
 `` it 's never that easy . '' 
 `` never . '' 
 will indicated the totem with a flick of one finger . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 i hesitated . 
 if the totem had turned me into a wolf - wham - who knew what it might do to will ? 
 then again , who better to find out ? 
 in the end , he snatched the thing from my hand and nothing happened . 
 but this icon did n't look like him . 
 will studied the tiny wolf with a single-mindedness i admired . 
 `` you 've told me everything ? '' 
 there was one thing i had n't , one thing that disturbed me more than the rest . 
 will 's gaze flicked to mine . 
 the seriousness in his dark eyes seemed magnified by the wire-rimmed glasses . 
 `` you can trust me . '' 
 edward always preached : trust no one . 
 ever . 
 of course edward led a life of paranoia . 
 he had good reason to . 
 i 'd lived so long inside a stone compound , i was n't sure whom to trust . 
 but if i was going to put my faith in anyone , especially with information on the totem , will would be the one . 
 `` my hand changed , '' i blurted . 
 `` how ? '' 
 i made hooks of my fingers and growled . 
 `` you were able to transform one body part and nothing else ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i 've never heard of a werewolf being able to do that before . '' 
 will offered the talisman . 
 `` show me . '' 
 i stared at the tacky white wolf for more than a minute before i took it . 
 closing my eyes , i thought of the moon . 
 i waited for the icon to heat , shift , maybe whine . 
 what i got was - `` nothing . '' 
 i opened my eyes . 
 `` you think i 'm crazy ? '' 
 will contemplated me without any expression at all . 
 `` i think it 's daytime . '' 
 i glanced at the window to discover dawn had just broken . 
 `` duh , '' i muttered . 
 will continued to study my face . 
 `` there 's someone you should meet . 
 her name 's cora kopway . 
 she 's very old . 
 very wise . 
 a member of the midewiwin . '' 
 at my blank expression , he elaborated . 
 `` grand medicine society . 
 once , it was a secret religious fellowship devoted to healing through knowledge of the other world . 
 cora has spent her life studying ancient texts and conversing with the spirits in her visions . '' 
 for most people , meeting with a woman who received information from the dead would seem strange . 
 but once you turned furry every full moon , strange takes on a whole new meaning . 
 `` if anyone can tell us about the totem , '' will continued , `` cora can . '' 
 the sound of a car on the street below drew will to the door . 
 `` jessie 's back . '' 
 i glanced at my watch with a frown . 
 she had n't been gone all that long . 
 `` edward ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not with her . 
 neither is nic . '' 
 even though i had n't expected him to be , disappointment sparked . 
 `` let 's tell her what you told me . '' 
 i followed will down the stairs and across the alley . 
 as soon as we entered the cabin , jessie announced , `` mission accomplished . '' 
 i had n't seen nic for seven years , a few days in his company should n't make me bereft upon losing him . 
 should n't , but did . 
 `` where 's mandenauer ? '' 
 i asked . 
 jessie looked confused . 
 `` i thought he was with you . '' 
 `` he said he was going to help you . '' 
 `` i never saw him . '' 
 an uneasy sensation tickled the base of my skull . 
 `` that 's not good . '' 
 `` does n't mean jack . 
 except i 'm in deep shit because i did n't smell a tail . '' 
 `` where would he go ? '' 
 `` who knows with him ? 
 either he 'll show up , or he 'll call . 
 he always does . '' 
 my unease lessened , though it would n't go away completely until edward walked through the door holding my research . 
 there was always someone , or something , after him . 
 that he 'd survived this long was a miracle , or supreme luck . 
 sooner or later his luck would run out . 
 `` show her the totem , '' will ordered . 
 jessie stilled . 
 `` another one ? '' 
 i dug the plastic out of my pocket and handed it over . 
 she held the thing gingerly , her gaze shifting from the icon , to me , and then back again . 
 `` yours ? '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 will filled her in on everything we knew and all that had happened . 
 jessie closed her fingers around the plastic wolf . 
 `` i do n't feel anything . '' 
 `` should you ? '' 
 `` the last one was ... creepy . 
 thing moved , slithered even . '' 
 jessie referred to the black totem i 'd been studying in montana , which should be ashes but probably was n't . 
 the icon had borne the markings of the matchi-auwishuk manitou . 
 technically , manitou means `` mystery , godlike , essence . '' 
 there are many such creatures sprinkled through ojibwe lore . 
 all are helpful but two - the weendigos , or great cannibals , and the matchi-auwishuk , also known as the evil ones . 
 one of mengele 's werewolves had used the matchi-auwishuk totem to become a wolf god , and had planned to rule the world . 
 what is it with ruling the world ? 
 every nutcase wants to . 
 `` this one moves for me , '' i murmured , and retrieved the wolf from jessie 's hand . 
 `` growls and mumbles , too . '' 
 `` maybe i should hold on to that , '' will said . 
 i shoved the tiny wolf back into my pocket . 
 `` the totem stays with me . '' 
 jessie and will exchanged glances . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the icon is making you stronger , better , '' jessie said . 
 `` that 's a bad thing ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure , '' will admitted . 
 `` how can stronger and better be bad ? '' 
 `` you want a list ? '' 
 jessie muttered . 
 `` if i had n't been able to do a quick change when billy attacked , both nic and i would be dead . '' 
 will and jessie considered me for a moment , then jessie shrugged . 
 `` let her keep it . 
 if i have to shoot anyone , better her than you . '' 
 she winked . 
 i was n't sure what to make of that . 
 weariness washed over me . 
 i had to get some sleep , even if it was six o'clock in the morning . 
 `` which room 's mine ? '' 
 i asked . 
 jessie blinked . 
 `` you 're staying here ? '' 
 `` of course she 's staying here . 
 where else ? '' 
 will patted my shoulder and gave me a little shove toward the rear of the house . 
 `` third one on the left . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` jess , give her something to sleep in , would you ? '' 
 i glanced at jessie in time to see her scowl . 
 when she caught me looking , she wrinkled her nose . 
 `` come on . '' 
 she led me down the hall , stopping at the first door on the right . 
 inside was a king-sized bed , unmade , along with two suitcases , open and sitting on the floor . 
 jessie started rooting through a tangle of clothes . 
 `` did nic - '' i broke off , mortified that i 'd been about to ask her if he 'd said anything about me . 
 if i was n't careful , i 'd be begging her to pass him a note in study hall . 
 `` did he what ? '' 
 she withdrew a wrinkled , double-x t-shirt and tossed it across the space between us . 
 `` never mind . '' 
 i headed for the door . 
 `` he said to tell you , he 'd see you again . '' 
 i spun around , annoyed at the way my heart leaped . 
 `` were you going to relay that in this century ? '' 
 `` do n't get snippy with me . 
 i 'm not the one who lied to him . '' 
 `` i did n't lie . '' 
 `` omission . '' 
 `` you think i should tell him , ` oh , and by the way , i turn furry and snarl beneath the moon . 
 i do n't know if i 'll ever be cured . 
 i might get worse . 
 and we ca n't have children . 
 let 's get married ' ? '' 
 i could have sworn i saw a flash of sympathy in her eyes , but the expression was gone so fast i knew i 'd imagined it even before she sniped right back at me , `` tell him something , doctor . 
 the man 's in love with you . '' 
 `` is not . '' 
 my denial was automatic , even before i thought of nic 's words and behavior since he 'd walked back into my life . 
 there was something between us , but i doubted it was love - at least for him . 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 jessie let her gaze wander over me from the top of my tangled hair , to the tips of my filthy tennis shoes . 
 `` skinny , blond eggheads probably are n't his type . 
 i 'm sure he loathes the very sight of you . '' 
 `` he acts as if he does . '' 
 `` and then , let me guess , he sticks his tongue down your throat . '' 
 i frowned . 
 close enough . 
 `` that 's what i thought . '' 
 she drew in a deep breath . 
 `` you do n't have much experience with men . '' 
 `` you do ? '' 
 `` i played with boys most of my life . '' 
 i lifted my brows . 
 `` get your mind out of the gutter , doctor . '' 
 `` elise , '' i corrected . 
 `` doctor makes me feel like i should ask you to bend over and cough . '' 
 she almost laughed , and i was n't even trying to be funny . 
 `` what did edward say that made you tell nic to go ? '' 
 jessie asked . 
 he knows the names of the people you 've killed . 
 i could n't tell jessie the truth any more than i could have told nic . 
 `` he said nic was up to something . 
 that he could n't be trusted . 
 someone could get killed . '' 
 `` knowing edward , i 'm sure he said that someone would be the g-man . '' 
 she knew him well . 
 `` if franklin was the enemy , he 'd have killed you the first chance he got . 
 bad guys , contrary to most popular motion pictures , do not screw around talking their enemy to death or fashioning batman-like death traps so the good guys can escape and win in the end . 
 evil people kill you , then they move on . '' 
 she was right ; nic was n't up to anything but his job . 
 a job that would get me a lethal injection or him a bullet in the head . 
 choices , choices . 
 `` mandenauer 's probably worried you 'll be overcome with lust . 
 when that happens , his perfect world gets shot to shit . 
 you know how he is about his agents having a social life . '' 
 except in edward 's mind , i was n't an agent and i did n't deserve a life , social or otherwise . 
 `` g-man is pretty hot , '' jessie continued . 
 `` how did you ever stay a virgin around that guy ? '' 
 discussing my sex life , or lack of it , with a near stranger was n't a place i was prepared to go . 
 however , jessie was n't the type of woman to be denied an answer . 
 `` come on , tell the truth . 
 you guys did it . 
 you just did n't want mandenauer to know . '' 
 i shook my head before i could stop myself . 
 her snort of derision was almost as insulting as her words . 
 `` you really are an ice princess . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i headed for the door . 
 `` i needed that . '' 
 `` wait . 
 elise . '' 
 she gave a short , sharp sigh . 
 `` sorry . 
 my mouth gets away from me sometimes . 
 playing nice is tough . '' 
 i glanced over my shoulder . 
 she really did look sorry . 
 `` i never had a girlfriend . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` until - '' `` leigh ? '' 
 `` zee . 
 that did n't go well . '' 
 which was putting it mildly . 
 i was surprised jessie had been able to bond with leigh at all after the fiasco in miniwa . 
 of course , they were two of a kind . 
 still , knowing that jessie had been as much of a social reject as i was helped . 
 i understood her better . 
 i even liked her a little . 
 `` was leigh the same ? '' 
 i could n't help but ask . 
 `` hard time making friends like ... '' i was going to say us , but i could n't manage to articulate what a loser i 'd been . 
 `` leigh ? '' 
 jessie laughed . 
 `` no . 
 she was the duchess of pom-pom . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry ? '' 
 `` the prom queen , the cheerleader , the quarterback 's girl . 
 i ca n't believe i did n't shoot her when i had the chance . '' 
 jessie 's words made me smile . 
 girls like leigh had set my teeth on edge , too - back when such things had made a difference . 
 but once you knew what kind of monsters lived in the world , the petty nonsense of adolescence lost its power to terrify . 
 one less thing . 
 `` if franklin shows up again , screw him . '' 
 i was n't sure if she meant screw him ... or screw him . 
 either way - `` huh ? '' 
 `` have sex , '' she clarified with a roll of her eyes . 
 `` maybe if you do , you wo n't be so damn annoying . '' 
 i 'd thought we 'd made a certain peace , yet here she was insulting me . 
 i did n't get it . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i said . 
 `` you want to die without ever knowing what it 's like to be with someone you love ? '' 
 `` who said i love him ? '' 
 `` i may not be the most sensitive person on earth , but i do know love when i see it . 
 what you feel is all over your face every time you say his name . '' 
 i mumbled something vile and kicked the door . 
 jessie snickered . 
 `` men are dense . 
 i do n't think he knows . '' 
 `` what about will ? '' 
 `` he 's more with it than most , but he wo n't tell anyone . '' 
 we were back in study hall again . 
 i felt like a fool . 
 `` so whaddya think ? '' 
 jessie pressed . 
 `` if g-man shows up we can make ourselves scarce . 
 i 'll take mandenauer on a wild-wolf chase . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` when i fell in love , my whole life changed . '' 
 `` falling in love will do that . '' 
 `` not the way it did for me . 
 who knows what i might become if i sleep with nic ? '' 
 `` you 're a werewolf , elise . '' 
 jessie spread her hands . 
 `` what more can the universe do to you ? '' 
 the woman had a point . 
 kind of . 
 since we were dealing with werewolves , there were n't a lot of rule books . 
 nowhere did it say i could n't become different , even from what i was . 
 damien had . 
 of course , he 'd been cursed . 
 blessed . 
 hell , i did n't know anymore . 
 but since sex is a normal , physical function of both humans and wolves , perhaps in abstaining , i 'd done myself more harm than good . 
 see , i could rationalize with the best of them . 
 `` jess ? 
 will called . 
 `` we 're supposed to check in with sheriff stephenson . '' 
 `` keep your pants on , slick . '' 
 jessie moved past me and into the hall . 
 `` or maybe take them off , '' she murmured so only i could hear . 
 `` he looks much better that way . '' 
 a muffled thump at the front of the house announced they 'd left , and weariness washed over me again . 
 i stumbled into the room that was now mine , dumped my sweat-stained clothes , then crawled beneath the chilly sheets in nothing but jessie 's t-shirt . 
 the windows were covered with heavy curtains - a j ger-sucher staple , issued right along with silver ammunition and fake ids , since most of them slept in the daytime and hunted all night . 
 considering that , a vampire would make a great werewolf hunter , if you could trust the bloodsucking undead . 
 i 'm sure it goes without saying that you ca n't . 
 i awoke much later , rested but stiff . 
 i 'd slept so heavily my body was in the same position as when i lay down . 
 unusual for me . 
 i was an active sleeper . 
 lucky i slept alone . 
 except i was n't alone . 
 the instant i woke up , i heard someone breathing . 
 the door was closed . 
 i remembered leaving it open . 
 in an attempt to fool whoever had invaded my place , i kept my respiration deep and even . 
 i moved nothing except my eyes . 
 near the window stood a man . 
 i tried to pin his scent , but he 'd showered so recently i caught only a whiff of soap and damp hair . 
 new clothes that smelled of the plastic they 'd come in , new shoes so fresh i could taste the rubber . 
 best defense and all that , i bounded out of bed and had my elbow around his neck before he could turn . 
 he tried to talk but i was cutting off his air . 
 this close i did n't need to smell him . 
 i knew the shape of that body , the texture of the skin . 
 i loosened my hold , and he turned . 
 `` miss me , sweetheart ? '' 
 it was a rare occasion when i did n't know who was coming after me long before they got there . 
 those few seconds of not knowing had scared me . 
 `` do you have a death wish ? '' 
 i snapped . 
 i stalked across the room and tapped the reading lamp on the bedside table . 
 the muted glow barely reached into the corner where he hovered . 
 `` no one throws me out of town , '' nic said . 
 `` i think someone did . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` i 'm here , are n't i ? '' 
 `` and when edward sees you he 'll have a temper tantrum . 
 i do n't want to watch . '' 
 edward 's temper tantrums usually consisted of guns firing , blood spurting , bodies bursting into flames . 
 nic crossed the room and crowded into my space . 
 the action should have been intimidating . 
 i 'm sure he meant it to be . 
 instead , i found his nearness , his attempt at dominance , arousing . 
 why did he have this effect on me ? 
 i wished the desire would go away . 
 i wished he would go away . 
 as if he 'd heard my thoughts , he grabbed my arms , and gave me a little shake . 
 my breath caught on a gasp , not of shock , but excitement . 
 i was pathetic . 
 since when had i enjoyed being manhandled ? 
 since the man doing the handling was nic . 
 `` i 'm not leaving . '' 
 his fingers tightened as i tried to get away . 
 i could have , easily , if i had n't been enjoying the struggle so much . 
 `` what hold does mandenauer have on you , elise ? 
 what is it that he knows ? '' 
 i froze , eyes going wide . 
 `` who is he to you ? '' 
 `` m-my boss . '' 
 `` there 's more to it than that . '' 
 he was right , but i could n't tell him so . 
 `` when you disappeared , '' nic murmured , `` i asked everyone if they 'd seen you , but no one had . '' 
 trust edward to make sure of it . 
 `` except for the guy sneaking in from a night celebrating a solid c on his biology test . '' 
 uh-oh . 
 `` he saw a beautiful blonde leaving with a skinny , scary old man . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` now i 've met the skinny , scary old man and i wonder ... he was n't your boss then , so why did you leave with him ? '' 
 my head tilted ; my hair , loose and wild , brushed his arm and his nostrils flared , even as his lips thinned . 
 he was furious . 
 and as aroused as i was . 
 `` i left because i wanted to . '' 
 that much was true . 
 i 'd wanted to get away from a place where everyone had suddenly smelled like meat . 
 `` you were ... too clingy , '' i blurted . 
 `` you were pushing me into something i was n't ready for . '' 
 something sparked in his eyes , and for an instant i was afraid of him , which was foolish . 
 he could n't hurt me . 
 at least not physically . 
 `` you mean this ? '' 
 his mouth crushed down . 
 our teeth clashed . 
 i tasted blood . 
 mine ? 
 nic 's ? 
 i did n't care . 
 the taste , the scent , only tempted me to give in to the wildness i kept trapped inside . 
 my lips opened . 
 i welcomed him in . 
 our tongues dueled - touch , spar , retreat . 
 i shuddered , fighting the urge to draw more blood . 
 his fingers wound in my hair , pulling my head back so he could trace a heated path down my throat . 
 his tongue pressed against my pulse ; his teeth worried a fold of skin as his fingers stroked my already aroused nipple to an aching peak . 
 had he come back for me , or for this ? 
 did n't matter . 
 i wanted him . 
 always had . 
 i needed to hold on to something or fall , so i clutched his shoulders , then became fascinated with the thin line of his collarbone and the shape of his biceps . 
 somewhere along the line he 'd discarded the suit and found a bright , white t-shirt and a pair of jeans ; his holster and his gun were gone . 
 the lack of dress-up clothes and a weapon - his new , yet somehow old , outfit - reminded me of the boy i 'd fallen in love with . 
 happier , more innocent times , when we 'd lie on the couch all tangled together , studying , kissing , unable to resist the fury of first sexual awareness . 
 nic 's hands fluttered down my back , under the flimsy cover of the t-shirt , stilling when he encountered nothing but skin . 
 his fingernails scraped the sensitive area where my thighs sloped into my rear , before he filled his palms and ground us together . 
 i wanted to wrap my legs around his waist and ride the tide . 
 as if he knew my thoughts , he lifted me , settled my knees over his hips , and buried his face between my breasts . 
 i crossed my ankles behind his back and clenched , pressing myself against him . 
 cursing , he whirled and dumped me onto the bed , then he lost the jeans and the t-shirt . 
 the lamplight turned his skin to gold . 
 he 'd grown in the years we 'd been apart , and without his clothes he seemed taller , broader , stronger . 
 his shoulders were wide , his waist narrow , his legs long and taut . 
 the light dusting of dark hair across his chest led down his flat stomach and fed into a curling frame around another part that seemed a lot bigger without clothes . 
 i 'd touched him in college - my hand down his pants , his breath harsh and rasping as i worked him in my palm and made him come - but i 'd never seen him . 
 i did n't get much time to see him now . 
 one look at my face and he joined me on the bed . 
 he did n't ask , did n't hesitate , and i was glad . 
 if i 'd had too much time to think , maybe i would have stopped him . 
 but i doubted it . 
 i 'd held nic in my heart as the man of my dreams , the one i could never have , and if i could n't have him , i did n't want anyone . 
 so here i was , a twenty-nine-year-old virgin werewolf . 
 fat lot of good abstinence had done me . 
 if i lost my soul , so be it . 
 they could always shoot me tomorrow . 
 nic took my mouth ; and then he took my body . 
 one deep thrust and i was no longer a virgin . 
 the werewolf thing was going to be a little bit harder to get rid of . 
 the pain was minute ; i endured worse every full moon . 
 however , nic froze , then slowly lifted his head . 
 the anger still lurked in his eyes , but there was wariness now , and a gentleness i had n't seen since he 'd returned . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 `` you did n't ask . '' 
 his forehead dropped to rest against mine . 
 `` elise - '' `` do n't stop . 
 if you stop , i just might have to kill you . '' 
 he gave a half-laugh , but i was n't kidding . 
 my body was on fire . 
 my skin felt too small for my body . 
 every sensation bubbled in my blood . 
 my hands clutched his back , learning the swell of his buttocks , the curves and the dips . 
 urging him closer , i asked the eternal question and was answered with another fierce thrust . 
 the entire world narrowed to the one small area where we had joined . 
 my virginity was history , and i was still a woman . 
 or as close to a woman as i got . 
 jessie had asked : what more could the universe do to me ? 
 right now , i only cared what else nic could do to me and for how long . 
 i rose to meet him , and his body responded , pulsing within me to the beat of our hearts . 
 eyes closed , head thrown back , with every movement he reached deeper , loomed larger . 
 `` more , '' i mumbled against his mouth , then bit his lip . 
 `` harder . '' 
 `` i 'll hurt - '' `` you wo n't . '' 
 i clasped his hips and showed him what i needed . 
 `` you ca n't . '' 
 what had started out rough became rougher . 
 the slide of flesh against flesh incited me . 
 arching , i offered my breasts , only jessie 's t-shirt was in the way . 
 i tried to tug it free , but the material was sandwiched between us and there was no way we were going to separate now . 
 with a growl that seemed to reach all the way to my toes , he put his hand in the neck and tore the garment down the front . 
 lowering his head , he captured one nipple , then scored it with his teeth . 
 my body trembled , and i tightened around him . 
 shuddering , he suckled , his tongue pushing me against the roof of his mouth in a rhythm echoed by our bodies . 
 i could no longer keep my eyes open as a whole new world exploded in my mind . 
 the forest , the trees , the sky - no moon , full moon - the answer to every question i 'd ever had , right there , so close , i could almost hear the words , see the solution . 
 i was no longer divided but whole . 
 not woman and wolf , just me . 
 two become one in a rite as old as time , and then ... i climaxed with a startled gasp as he reached a place meant only for him . 
 over and over and over again , he moved within me , and the orgasm surged through us both . 
 when the last shudder fell away , and the air shifted from hot to cool , i ran my palm over his hair . 
 my chest went tight . 
 i wanted to both hold him close and fling him away . 
 nic rolled from my body and onto the bed . 
 he did n't speak ; i was n't sure what to say . 
 i felt both different and the same . 
 how could that be ? 
 `` this is n't what i came here for . '' 
 his voice was remote . 
 i was n't sure what i 'd done , or maybe not done . 
 `` no ? '' 
 he made a sound of disgust and sat up . 
 `` i did n't use a condom . 
 dammit ! '' 
 he scrubbed a hand through his hair . 
 i was n't worried , since i could n't get pregnant , and , since lycanthropy can heal a non-silver bullet to the head , stds are n't even a blip on our radar . 
 too bad i could n't explain any of this to nic . 
 `` i 've never been so stupid in my life , '' he muttered . 
 suddenly naked and alone , i glanced away and my gaze was caught by a smudge of blood on my inner thigh . 
 quickly i wrapped the covers around me so he would n't see . 
 `` thanks , '' i murmured . 
 `` i did n't mean it like that . '' 
 `` what did you mean ? '' 
 he lifted his hands , lowered them . 
 `` you confuse the hell out of me , elise . 
 i see you , and it 's like you never went away . 
 everything feels the same , but we 're not the same people . '' 
 he had that right , i was n't even a people anymore . 
 had i ever been ? 
 `` you look as if seven days have passed , instead of seven years . '' 
 he tilted his head , stared at my face . 
 `` how can that be ? '' 
 his words reminded me , if i 'd needed any reminding , that we could never be together . 
 not really . 
 sooner or later he 'd find out what i was , what i 'd done , and he 'd hate me . 
 `` i want to hate you , '' he murmured . 
 i started . 
 could he read my mind ? 
 `` you do n't ? '' 
 his gaze wandered over the bed , then over me . 
 `` did that feel like hate to you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` but it was n't love . '' 
 then why had it felt like love to me ? 
 my eyes burned and i stood . 
 the languid , peaceful feeling fled , and as i paced the room , dragging the end of the bedspread behind me , a buzzing energy took its place . 
 catching a glimpse of myself in the mirror above the dresser , i froze . 
 my eyes had bled blue ; not a hint of white surrounded the iris . 
 wolf 's eyes , except for one difference . 
 most laymen are n't aware that only puppies have blue eyes . 
 so if you see a wolf in the wild with orbs of blue ? 
 better hope you have a silver bullet handy . 
 panic made my breathing shallow . 
 when i was wolf , i had human eyes , so what did it mean that they had gone wolf when i was n't ? 
 i doubted it was a good thing . 
 i glanced into the mirror once more . 
 nic was getting dressed . 
 convenient , since i had to get rid of him right now . 
 `` you wanted me , '' i said . 
 `` you had me . 
 get out . '' 
 his head lifted , he turned in my direction . 
 i ducked my face so my hair would cover my eyes . 
 if he saw them i was doomed . 
 or he was . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 beneath the calm i heard liquid steel , red hot and bubbling . 
 `` we both wanted to see what we 'd missed . '' 
 i inched toward the door with a shrug . 
 `` now we know . 
 it was n't all that much . '' 
 `` you lie almost as badly as you fuck . '' 
 i winced . 
 he was lying , too . 
 despite my inexperience , even i knew what we 'd just shared had been as far from bad as it had been from a common fuck . 
 i heard him coming after me but i did n't pause to see how close he was . 
 if i could get into the hallway , he 'd never catch me . 
 yanking open the door , i nearly screamed as a large , dark shadow swooped close . 
 `` elise ! '' 
 edward 's voice . 
 what had i said about being doomed ? 
 the back exit was only a few steps away . 
 the rear of the cabin stood very close to the forest , a convenience i had n't noticed until now . 
 i tried to brush past edward , reach the out-of-doors , where i could give in to the change pulsing in my blood like a full moon pulsing in the sky . 
 edward would keep nic here ; i could disappear out there . 
 at least until nic went away . 
 but edward caught my arm , held on tight . 
 he was strong for an old man but not stronger than me . 
 still , i had been raised never to hurt him , to obey him , so i paused and looked into his face . 
 he flinched when he saw my wolf eyes . 
 `` what is going on ? '' 
 `` yes , '' nic said from the bedroom . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 edward 's face darkened , and he reached for his gun . 
 `` no , '' i said , and my voice rumbled between human and wolf . 
 `` elise ? '' 
 nic asked , stepping forward . 
 `` stay back . '' 
 i should not be losing control ; the full moon was days away . 
 even then , i could control myself better than this . 
 i 'd thought having sex had n't changed me , but maybe it had . 
 `` what is he doing here ? '' 
 edward demanded . 
 i did n't answer . 
 was n't it obvious he 'd been doing me ? 
 `` fool , '' edward spat . 
 `` you have no idea what giving in to such urges might cause you to become . 
 was the experience worth dying for ? '' 
 i was n't going to answer that since i kind of thought that it was - a fact i should never admit to edward mandenauer , who 'd be happy to oblige , `` what 's he yammering about , elise ? '' 
 edward drew his sidearm . 
 i put myself between him and nic , but i need n't have bothered . 
 he pressed the barrel to the base of my throat . 
 `` outside . '' 
 edward shoved me toward the back door . 
 i tripped over the trailing blanket . 
 `` you as well , mr. franklin . '' 
 nic came without argument . 
 he had to believe both edward and i had lost our minds . 
 the moon spilled from the sky , cool , welcoming , lopsided . 
 the wind lifted my hair . 
 i smelled the forest , the earth , and i was drawn to them . 
 i wanted to run through the trees , feel the breeze in my fur , chase something small and furry , catch it and taste its blood . 
 usually , i found such thoughts disgusting . 
 tonight i was tempted . 
 i 'd taken one step toward the woods when edward 's voice made me pause . 
 `` prove you have n't given your soul to evil by giving your body to him . '' 
 `` what in hell are you talking about ? '' 
 nic snapped . 
 `` is he nuts ? '' 
 `` you know what you must do , '' edward murmured , ignoring nic . 
 `` show me . '' 
 i shook my head , confused . 
 `` shift and follow instructions , '' he whispered in my ear . 
 `` change and do not kill . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 i started for the forest once more . 
 he yanked me back and pressed the gun to my spine . 
 i growled , low and threatening . 
 `` behave yourself ! '' 
 he jabbed me harder . 
 `` change here . 
 now . 
 for him and for me . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 his sigh revealed his impatience . 
 `` there are two ways to ascertain he departs and does not return . 
 your way , or mine . 
 choose . '' 
 edward 's way was death - always had been . 
 mine ? 
 easy . 
 if i showed nic my true nature , he would run . 
 he 'd live - there was my reward . 
 but best of all , if he told anyone what he 'd seen , they would n't believe him . 
 a win-win situation . 
 edward 's specialty . 
 i glanced at nic from beneath the curtain of my hair . 
 his expression reflected both fury and confusion . 
 he had no idea what he 'd stepped into when he 'd insisted on accompanying me to fairhaven . 
 if he stayed he 'd be in danger from every monster , alive or dead , if they found out i loved him . 
 i really did n't have much choice . 
 i moved into the silver glow from the sky . 
 spreading my arms wide , i threw back my head . 
 opening my mind , i let in the moon . 
 the power was a blinding white light pouring through me . 
 i heard things no man could hear , saw worlds beyond imagination , caught the scent of wolves that could n't be real , heard them , too , like a ghostly pack circling through the sky . 
 the moon filled me , caressed me , changed me . 
 the bedspread fell away as i became a wolf . 
 strength , speed , agility were mine . 
 `` the perfect animal , '' edward murmured . 
 `` people brain , wolf body . 
 they are very hard to kill . '' 
 i opened my eyes , and the first thing i saw was nic . 
 he 'd fallen to the ground . 
 his chest was heaving , and i feared he 'd gotten sick , but he was merely trying to catch some air so he would n't faint . 
 i could n't blame him . 
 not every day do you see a woman become a wolf . 
 he took it pretty well . 
 `` how ? '' 
 he managed , then lifted his head . 
 i 'd crept closer , and when he looked up , his nose nearly brushed my snout . 
 he cringed , confusion flowing over his face . 
 `` sign of a werewolf . '' 
 edward 's voice was far too jolly . 
 `` human eyes . 
 makes the phrase ` never shoot until you see the whites ' actually mean something , jawohl . '' 
 i turned in his direction and snarled . 
 edward laughed . 
 nic skittered backward and to his feet . 
 his hand reached for a gun that was n't there , and my heart cracked just a little . 
 i had n't realized until that moment i 'd been hoping he could see the true me and not care . 
 his arm fell to his side . '' 
 j ger-suchers do n't hunt rabid wolves at all , '' he murmured . 
 `` nein . '' 
 `` then what ? '' 
 `` werewolves . 
 among other things . '' 
 for nic , curiosity seemed to be taking the place of concern . 
 however , i wanted to be a sideshow freak even less than i wanted to be a demon-possessed horror . '' 
 she 's a werewolf . '' 
 `` elise is a special case . 
 the only - '' i woofed once . 
 `` oh , him . '' 
 edward shrugged , his expression reflecting his lack of enthusiasm in the matter . 
 `` elise and damien are the only werewolves in their division . '' 
 `` damien , '' nic murmured . 
 `` did n't see that coming . '' 
 `` neither did leigh . '' 
 edward 's tone was no longer amused . 
 `` it was most disturbing . '' 
 `` i 'll bet . 
 what did you mean by ` other things ' ? '' 
 `` different monsters , different needs , different divisions . '' 
 `` different monsters ? '' 
 nic 's face appeared a little green . 
 i whimpered . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' he said . 
 `` what kind of monsters ? '' 
 `` anything that you can imagine and many that you can not . '' 
 `` you 're sure you 're not in the fbi ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` x-file division ? '' 
 `` what is this ` x-file ' i am always hearing about ? '' 
 edward glanced at me , but i was in no condition to explain . 
 `` television show , '' nic said absently . 
 `` you probably would n't like it . '' 
 `` no doubt . 
 television is an immense waste of time . '' 
 edward 's sources of amusement were few - guns , bullets , and death . 
 what a life . 
 mine had n't been much better . 
 serums , antidotes , and werewolves . 
 oh , my . 
 `` why are you telling me this ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` you planning to kill me ? '' 
 `` of course not , mr. franklin . '' 
 both nic and i let out a long sigh of relief , which ended with edward 's next words . 
 `` i plan to let her do it . '' 
 silence settled over the yard , lengthening uncomfortably . 
 edward laughed . 
 `` just kidding . '' 
 i emitted a low , rumbling growl , and his expression became one of mock surprise . 
 `` but you are always telling me i need to grow a sense of humor . '' 
 `` you still do , '' nic said . 
 `` and therein lies the trouble . 
 humor is so subjective . '' 
 i considered knocking edward to the ground and sitting on his chest - werewolf humor . 
 however , he 'd be more likely to blow my head off with silver than laugh . 
 humor certainly was subjective . 
 `` i do not plan to kill you , mr. franklin . 
 as elise has pointed out on several occasions , killing people who annoy me can be more trouble than it 's worth . 
 a dead fbi agent would be the height of trouble , i think . '' 
 `` then why are you telling me this ? '' 
 nic repeated . 
 `` no one will believe you . '' 
 `` they will if i - '' `` what ? 
 bring them elise ? 
 you 'd subject her to the questions , the government , the press ? 
 what about the tests , the injections , the blood work ? '' 
 nic 's eyes narrowed , and he muttered , `` bastard , '' so low only i could hear . 
 then his head tilted , as if he 'd caught a whiff of something interesting . 
 i could almost see the idea popping up in his head like a lightbulb as he turned to me . 
 `` what were you up to in that secret compound , dr. frankenstein ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 he believed i was manufacturing monsters ? 
 i was suddenly tired of the questions , the secrets , the lies . 
 edward wanted nic to know everything ? 
 let edward tell him . 
 the forest called to me , and i answered , loping toward the trees , leaving edward , nic , the world behind . 
 `` find jessie and will , '' my boss shouted . 
 `` they went searching for the sheriff far to the north , and they have been gone too long . '' 
 he had said i needed to prove i was still his instrument and not evil , but being told to fetch like a dog annoyed the hell out of me . 
 better annoyed than dead , i suppose . 
 in a tiny corner of my mind , i remembered the talisman had been in the pocket of my sweats and not in my hand when i shifted faster than a speeding bullet . 
 what did that mean ? 
 was i losing control of my beast ? 
 if so , then why did i feel more in control , more powerful , more right than i had ever felt in my life ? 
 werewolves might have a people brain , but it was still hard to concentrate on the mystery of the instantaneous change with the sensory overload of a new forest surrounding me . 
 the desire to run was all-consuming . 
 if i wanted , i could travel over a hundred miles in a day , chase a herd for five or six miles , and then accelerate . 
 werewolves do n't need superhuman abilities when just being a wolf makes them more than a man , or in my case , a woman . 
 i headed north , trying to catch a familiar scent but having very little luck . 
 the moon pulled at my soul ; a howl pressed at the base of my throat . 
 i lifted my nose just as a crow swooped low and cawed , startling me so much that i yelped instead . 
 several others sat in a nearby tree . 
 at my glance , they rose , like great , black bats and followed the first . 
 they were trying to show me something . 
 a whiff of water reached me long before i stumbled across the creek . 
 splashing in , i dipped my muzzle to the bottom and let the chilly liquid ease the buzzing from my brain . 
 i drank until the burning thirst faded , but it would n't go away completely . 
 because the thirst was n't just for water . 
 the full moon was coming , and unless i made more serum , i was going to crave blood . 
 edward and i needed to have a discussion . 
 where was my research ? 
 had he retrieved it ? 
 and if not , why not ? 
 the crows circled above me . 
 i tilted ray head . 
 no , they circled above something else - over there . 
 as i shook my coat , i could have sworn i caught the scent of werewolf . 
 but when i tested the air , i smelled nothing but trees . 
 nevertheless , i could no more have gone back to the cabin then than i could have ridden a bicycle , so i followed the crows to a clearing surrounded by towering evergreens . 
 in the center lay a body - the sheriff 's , from the appearance of the uniform . 
 however , there was no werewolf but me , no wolf at all , no human left alive . 
 the crows were gone , not a trace of them in the sky . 
 strange . 
 had they led me here to help or hurt me ? 
 hard to say with crows . 
 i should check on the sheriff . 
 though i smelled death , maybe i was wrong . 
 hey , maybe i was n't a werewolf . 
 maybe this was all a dream and i 'd wake up at stanford in nic 's arms . 
 a fantasy i 'd tried on a hundred times before . 
 i knew better . 
 so i circled the body , hoping for a hint of movement and finding none . 
 creeping closer and closer , belly to the ground , i stretched my neck , longer and longer , until it cracked with the strain , then i sniffed his hand . 
 and someone pumped a shotgun next to my head . 
 at first i thought it was edward , and i knew i was dead . 
 then i saw the shoes next to my paws . 
 tennies , not combat boots . 
 girl feet . 
 jessie . 
 that did n't mean she was n't going to blow my brains out , but she might give me a chance to explain first . 
 if only i could talk . 
 `` we were looking for sheriff stephenson , '' she murmured . 
 `` guess we found him . '' 
 `` or what 's left of him . '' 
 will . 
 thank god , a voice of reason . 
 i whimpered and lifted my head . 
 he shined a flashlight into my eyes and blurted , `` elise ? '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 the shotgun barrel tapped my skull . 
 i wanted to shout : `` be careful with that thing ! '' 
 instead i growled . 
 `` shut up . 
 i 'll deal with you in a minute . '' 
 `` that 's elise , '' will said . 
 `` the wolf you 're about to kill . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 at least she uncocked the gun , and i breathed a little easier . 
 but she kept the barrel tilted in my direction . 
 i could smell the silver shot inside . 
 i really wished she 'd aim that thing anywhere but at me . 
 i glanced up and she started . 
 `` people eyes always creep me out . 
 change back , doc , you bother me . '' 
 i nudged the gun away with my head . 
 `` oh , sorry . '' 
 she lifted the weapon and held it in a cradle carry across her chest . 
 `` what are you doing out here ? '' 
 her attention went to the dead sheriff , then swiftly returned to me . 
 her hands tightened on the gun . 
 i did n't do it ! 
 i wanted to shout , but i could only shake my head . 
 `` right . 
 sure . 
 dead guy . 
 werewolf . 
 you be the judge . '' 
 i looked at will and he shrugged . 
 i do n't think he believed me , either . 
 i needed words . 
 but to speak , i had to shift , and then i 'd be naked . 
 i 'd never been easy with nudity . 
 i always kept clothes in the forest when i changed . 
 but tonight i had n't had the time or the wherewithal to prepare . 
 huffing , i paced , worried the ground with a paw , then glanced at jessie mournfully . 
 `` take a hike , slick , '' jessie murmured . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` she 's gon na be buck naked after she changes . 
 get my extra set of clothes and the blanket from the car . '' 
 `` how about if i get the stuff , and then she changes ? '' 
 jessie lifted a bland gaze to his . 
 `` how about i shoot you , too , if you do n't move your ass ? '' 
 `` jealous ? '' 
 `` you do n't need to see all you 're missing . '' 
 `` i do n't see anyone but you . 
 have n't for a long time now . '' 
 i snorted , and jessie said , `` yeah , that was hokey , was n't it ? '' 
 `` i 'd just like to see the change , is that too much to ask ? 
 i 'm a scholar . 
 it would be interesting . '' 
 `` i bet . '' 
 `` elise would understand . 
 would n't you ? '' 
 i lifted my upper lip and showed him my teeth . 
 `` i do n't think she would . '' 
 jessie made a shooing motion . 
 `` get going , cadotte . 
 i need to talk to the doc , and i 'd like her on two feet when i do it . '' 
 `` all right , all right . '' 
 he stomped off in what i presumed was the direction of the car . 
 `` i never get to see anything good . 
 never get to have any fun . 
 never get to shoot anything , either . '' 
 `` you do n't like guns , '' jessie shouted after him . 
 `` and you 're too much of a pansy to kill anything . '' 
 `` i might make an exception with you . '' 
 she laughed as he disappeared into the trees . 
 his flashlight bobbed for a few seconds , then faded . 
 for an instant i worried about whatever might be out there hiding , until i sniffed the breeze and got nothing but a whiff of dead sheriff , jessie , and will . 
 `` he really is kind of sweet , '' jessie murmured . 
 `` never thought i 'd go for a pretty boy with a gentle soul , but it takes all kinds . '' 
 she was talking to me like a friend , which was strange considering i was all fanged and furry . 
 maybe it was easier for her to connect when she did n't actually have to ... connect . 
 as if realizing what she 'd done , jessie made a self-derisive sound , then yanked a smaller flashlight from her coat pocket . 
 turning the beam in my direction , she scowled . 
 `` you 've got some explaining to do , doc . '' 
 i 'd told her to call me `` elise , '' but i was starting to like the way she sneered `` doc . '' 
 which only meant i must be losing my mind as well as my control . 
 will returned more quickly than i would have thought . 
 i had n't heard a car approach earlier , but i 'd been a little distracted by the dead body . 
 jessie yanked the blanket from his hands and held it like a curtain . 
 `` get going . '' 
 she peeked over the top . 
 `` we do n't have all night . '' 
 the last time , changing back had taken longer than changing forward . 
 this time , i lifted my nose to the sky , and the next instant the breeze fluttered hair instead of fur . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 jessie gasped . 
 `` no one can shift that fast . '' 
 `` where 's the icon ? '' 
 will asked . 
 `` have n't got it on me . '' 
 `` obviously . '' 
 jessie 's tone was dry and i snickered . 
 her eyes widened as she handed me a spare set of jeans and yet another t-shirt . 
 `` what 's with you ? 
 you are n't exactly a laugh-o-rama most days . '' 
 and i should n't be feeling so lively now with a dead man at my feet and a shotgun filled with silver so close to my heart , not to mention nic no doubt breaking land speed records as he drove as far away from me as he could get . 
 however , the strength and power i 'd experienced while running as a wolf remained . 
 for the first time , i missed being what i was , and i wanted to be that way again . 
 jessie 's gaze returned to the dead sheriff . 
 `` thought you did n't need human blood . '' 
 `` was n't me . '' 
 `` like i have n't heard that a thousand times before . '' 
 suddenly i was staring down the barrel of a shotgun again . 
 `` if you 're going to keep threatening to kill me , we 'll never get anywhere . '' 
 `` if you 're going to keep lying , i do n't have much choice . '' 
 `` edward sent me to find you . '' 
 `` i have n't needed a babysitter for a long time now . '' 
 `` it was more of a test . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` for me . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` we came back earlier , but you were sleeping . 
 then the deputy called and - what the hell happened that mandenauer felt the need to test you ? '' 
 i glanced at will , then back at jessie . 
 i did n't want to tell them , but better me than edward . 
 quickly i related the events of a few hours past - glossing over the experience with nic as best i could . 
 `` so you gave it up , huh ? '' 
 jessie smirked . 
 `` g-man any good ? '' 
 `` jess , '' will murmured . 
 `` not your business . '' 
 jessie lifted a brow and i could n't help but smile . 
 `` that 's what i thought , '' she said . 
 `` guys like him almost make getting blown to hell by a silver bullet worthwhile . '' 
 a tug of camaraderie surprised me . 
 one minute i was tempted to become a werewolf and run with the pack . 
 the next i was pulled toward the sort of friendship i 'd always longed for and never had . 
 my dual nature had never before seemed so divided , `` how did the sheriff die ? '' 
 jessie peered at the body with the aid of her flashlight . 
 i guess bonding time was over . 
 `` i did n't get a good look , '' i said . 
 `` seemed like you were looking pretty closely when we got here . '' 
 `` smelling . '' 
 `` gag , '' jessie muttered . 
 `` for a rough-and-tough , kick-ass j ger-sucher , you 're awfully squeamish about details . '' 
 `` sue me . '' 
 jessie shined the beam across the sheriff 's neck . 
 `` i 'm not a medical examiner , but i 'm pretty sure that was sliced neatly instead of torn by teeth . '' 
 i frowned at the mess . 
 `` that 's neat ? '' 
 `` for this kind of murder . 
 knife wound . '' 
 she looked me up and down . 
 `` which leaves you off the hook . '' 
 `` i could have thrown the weapon into the bushes . '' 
 `` with your paws ? 
 besides , a wound like that , you 'd be covered in blood . '' 
 `` ew . '' 
 `` now who 's squeamish ? '' 
 `` you 're saying we got a plain , old , everyday murderer on the loose ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no funny stuff ? '' 
 `` seems that way . '' 
 `` which means there 's no reason for us to stay . '' 
 although where i was going to go , i had no idea . 
 jessie 's cell phone rang . 
 still staring at the body , she answered . 
 `` jessie . '' 
 i heard edward 's voice clearly , even though the phone was pressed to jessie 's ear . 
 my transformation ability was n't the only thing that was getting better . 
 `` is elise with you ? '' 
 jessie glanced at me . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` has she exhibited any odd behavior ? '' 
 `` not unless you count changing from werewolf to woman in the blink of an eye . '' 
 i stuck out my tongue , and she grinned . 
 but her smile faded as edward continued to speak . 
 `` there is a serious werewolf outbreak i need you to attend to . '' 
 she paced to the far side of the clearing , and though i tried to hear what edward was telling her , i no longer could . 
 `` where ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` okay . 
 but we 've got a little problem with sheriff stephenson . 
 he 's dead . '' 
 pause . 
 `` throat slit . '' 
 a garbled stream of words , most likely curses , erupted , but i could n't make any sense of them . 
 `` tell basil . '' 
 jessie sighed . 
 `` fine . 
 have him bring the me . '' 
 `` who 's basil ? '' 
 i asked when she 'd disconnected the call . 
 `` the deputy . '' 
 her eyes drifted back to the body . 
 `` make that the sheriff . 
 major pain in the ass . '' 
 i waited , and when she did n't explain , glanced at will , who did . 
 `` he 's one of those who still think indians are n't worth the bullet it takes to shoot them . '' 
 `` is he lost in a john wayne movie ? '' 
 will 's lips twitched . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` basil 's bringing the me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no , '' jessie said . 
 `` g-man is . '' 
 i gaped . 
 `` nic 's still here ? '' 
 `` apparently , and this is now his problem . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` try to keep up , doc . 
 dead by knife wound . '' 
 she indicated the body with the tip of her shotgun . 
 `` no werewolves but you , and you 're off the hook . 
 g-man 's here , and he is n't in any hurry to leave . '' 
 which was almost as big of a shock as the murder itself . 
 `` he may as well make himself useful . '' 
 jessie looked me up and down . 
 `` to someone other than you . '' 
 `` we 're just going to leave and let the fbi handle this ? '' 
 `` we are ; you are n't . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i said again . 
 i was so witty lately . 
 `` slick and i need to hightail it north . '' 
 she lifted a brow in will 's direction . 
 `` werewolf outbreak in upper minnesota . '' 
 `` what a shock , '' he muttered . 
 `` and edward ? '' 
 `` he 's going to retrieve your research . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` got me . 
 you 're supposed to wait here for the me and g-man , then get out of fairhaven . '' 
 `` but - '' jessie and will had already started for the car . 
 jessie turned back . 
 `` but what ? '' 
 `` where am i going to go ? '' 
 jessie opened her mouth , then shut it again . 
 `` mandenauer did n't say . 
 call him when you 're done with the body . '' 
 without another word , she and will disappeared into the trees . 
 seconds later the sound of their car starting , then leaving , drifted on the breeze . 
 within half an hour , another car arrived . 
 moments later nic and a second man broke through the trees and into the clearing . 
 nic 's gaze widened at the sight of me . 
 either he had n't expected to find me here at all , or he 'd expected to find me furry . 
 his face hardened , his eyes cooled ; his only greeting was a nod . 
 i swallowed the thickness at the back of my throat . 
 how could he act as if we 'd shared nothing , as if we barely knew each other at all ? 
 and they called me a beast . 
 i forced my attention to nic 's companion , an elderly man , at least seventy-five , perhaps more , who peered at me with eyes both dark and sad enough to belong on a basset hound . 
 his hair was snow white - but at least he had some - his face weathered from age and the elements . 
 he appeared as if he spent hours on various lakes pulling fish from both warm water and ice . 
 lord knows why . 
 `` hello , '' he greeted . 
 `` i 'm dr. watchry . '' 
 `` sir , i 'm with the - '' i broke off . 
 i 'd almost said j ger-suchers , but how much did the man know ? 
 dr. watchry glanced at nic , then back at me . 
 `` fbi ? '' 
 i merely smiled , unable to give voice to that lie . 
 nic did n't correct me , instead introducing me . 
 `` this is dr. hanover . 
 research scientist . '' 
 `` how interesting , '' dr. watchry murmured . 
 `` i 've always been fascinated with research , but i have n't had time to pursue any . 
 i 've been the only physician in fairhaven for nearly fifty years . 
 also the medical examiner for this county . '' 
 whoa ! 
 no wonder he was sad . 
 `` should n't you have retired by now ? '' 
 `` if there 'd been anyone willing to take my place , i would have . '' 
 `` no one wants the job ? 
 seems like a nice enough place . '' 
 hey , i 'd seen worse . 
 `` sweet child . '' 
 he patted my arm . 
 `` to me it is . 
 but to a youngster , fresh out of college , with a spanking new degree and money at last , the appeal of work , work , and then some fishing is n't very appealing . 
 now , what do we have here ? '' 
 i was still stuck on sweet child . 
 no one had ever called me that before . 
 i liked it . 
 nic cleared his throat . 
 `` oh ! 
 the sheriff . 
 we found him like this . '' 
 dr. watchry tsk-tsked as he stood over the body . 
 `` there 's never been a murder in fairhaven . '' 
 `` never ? '' 
 i might live in the wilderness , but i watched television . 
 even i knew the lack of murder was a big lack - and an extremely pleasant one . 
 `` not here . 
 i did investigate a few in my tenure , but nothing on this scale . 
 hunting ` accident . ' '' 
 he made quotes around the word with his fingers . 
 `` happens a lot . 
 people hold grudges , then they 're set free in the woods with guns . 
 usually the alcohol consumed before the season opens - as well as during - is the culprit . '' 
 `` and the other incidents ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` crimes of passion mostly . 
 husband . 
 wife . 
 a lover or two . '' 
 `` happens . '' 
 `` not here . '' 
 `` what about the disappearances ? '' 
 i asked , and nic cut me a sharp glance . 
 i fought the urge to smack myself in the head . 
 he did n't know about the people who had gone missing . 
 now i 'd have to tell him . 
 `` no bodies , no crime , '' the me answered , then got out his equipment : gloves , a mask , disposable tools . 
 the man knew his job . 
 `` the coroner 's van will be here shortly , '' he continued . 
 `` of course , we do n't have a coroner , just me . 
 i 'll do some preliminary testing , then have the attendants take the body to my clinic . '' 
 `` not the morgue ? '' 
 `` we do n't have one of those , either . 
 with most deaths , the corpse is delivered directly to the funeral home . 
 but if there 's a need for further investigation , my clinic has to suffice . 
 i 've been provided with equipment and a storage facility . '' 
 nic tugged a portable spotlight out of a case , setting it up so the doctor could see . 
 the garish beam lit not only the sheriff 's body but half the forest . 
 then we stood around helplessly as he gathered evidence . 
 since the possibility of contamination was high , we kept back and let dr. watchry work . 
 `` what disappearances ? '' 
 nic whispered . 
 quickly i explained why the j ger-suchers had been called to fairhaven . 
 `` but you found no evidence of ... '' nic paused and glanced at the doctor , but he was well occupied and too far away to hear us , even if he 'd been a spring chicken . 
 `` paranormal activity ? '' 
 he finished . 
 i snorted at the euphemism . 
 `` as far as we can tell we 've got standard disappearances and plain old-fashioned murder . 
 otherwise , they would n't have left an amateur like me behind . '' 
 `` something weird 's going on . 
 blood but no bodies is not a good thing . '' 
 since he was right , i did n't bother to comment . 
 `` where 's the deputy ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` was n't in . 
 i left a message at the station . '' 
 `` no dispatcher ? 
 no radio ? 
 no cell phone ? '' 
 `` no . 
 maybe . 
 i do n't have the number , '' he snapped . 
 `` this is n't new york , elise . 
 around here , decades go by without the slightest need for emergency services . '' 
 `` huh , '' ' the doctor murmured . 
 `` that 's odd . '' 
 both nic 's and my ears perked up . 
 we moved forward . 
 `` what ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` there 's a bite mark . '' 
 i stiffened , my gaze automatically going to the forest , searching for the telltale shine of werewolf eyes . 
 `` where ? '' 
 nic leaned closer . 
 `` back of the arm , under the shirt . 
 did n't see it at first . 
 barely broke the skin . 
 but as the blood settles , the bruise becomes livid . '' 
 the doctor shifted the sheriff and tugged up his left sleeve . 
 a strangled sound escaped my lips . 
 the bite had been made by human teeth . 
 nic turned a bland gaze in my direction before returning his attention to the me . 
 `` you can get a dna sample from that , right ? '' 
 `` definitely . '' 
 dr. watchry went to his bag , changed his gloves , and removed the swabs and other necessary items . 
 silence reigned , broken only by the click and shuffle of the job being done . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` murder . '' 
 `` the bite . 
 that 's just weird . '' 
 nic lifted a brow . 
 `` says someone who should n't throw stones . '' 
 my lips tightened . 
 if he was going to be snotty , i was going to leave . 
 as soon as someone gave me a ride . 
 i could shift into a werewolf and run back to town , but why should i when i had nowhere to go and nothing pressing to do ? 
 `` there are a lot of cases like this , '' nic continued . 
 `` not only defensive , where the victim bites the murderer , but offensive , where an attacker gets off on inflicting pain , exerting control , or marking the victim as his own . '' 
 `` i guess we ca n't expect normal behavior out of a killer . '' 
 `` or anyone else , for that matter . '' 
 my fingers clenched , but i refrained from flattening him . 
 i was so proud of myself . 
 `` the bite will help you catch the guy , right ? '' 
 nic shrugged . 
 `` bite-mark evidence is more often used for conviction than apprehension . '' 
 in response to my frown , he explained further . 
 `` in order to match that bite we 'd have to check the impression against everyone 's dental records in fairhaven . 
 and if the culprit is n't from here , or has n't been to a dentist - '' `` you 've got nothing but worthless information , '' i finished . 
 `` yeah . 
 on the other hand , once a suspect 's in custody , a match can be used to issue charges , maybe even result in a conviction . '' 
 `` i 've never dealt with bite-mark evidence before , '' dr. watchry murmured , still working . 
 `` but i have an acquaintance who 's a forensic odontologist out of madison . 
 we 've discussed the best way to record the evidence . 
 photos . 
 measurements . '' 
 `` is it better to get him here ? '' 
 nic asked quickly . 
 `` the window for collecting saliva in a dna test is very small . 
 plus , the skin slides on a corpse if you leave it too long . 
 shifts the tissue underneath , alters everything . '' 
 i refrained from making gagging noises . 
 i was , after all , a scientist . 
 i 'd seen more disgusting things than a corpse . 
 remember billy ? 
 `` sooner the better with this kind of evidence , '' dr. watchry continued . 
 `` but i 'll call and ask him for help . 
 odontology is a very specific science . '' 
 `` that would be great , '' nic said . 
 `` i suppose forensic dentists are few and far between out here . '' 
 `` he 's the only one to be had . '' 
 dr. watchry got to his feet . 
 `` thought the transport would be along by now . 
 i should get this to the clinic . '' 
 `` we 'll wait for them . '' 
 nic helped the doctor pack the lights and gear , then escorted him to his car . 
 he returned with a phone to his ear . 
 i wondered for a minute where he 'd gotten it , since his had blown up along with mine in montana , then decided where did n't matter . 
 at least he had one . 
 nic disconnected the call . 
 `` still no deputy . '' 
 silence settled between us , heavy with things neither one of us wanted to say . 
 or i did n't want to . 
 nic did n't seem to have a problem . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 `` what good would it have done ? '' 
 `` i loved you . '' 
 past tense . 
 i was n't surprised . 
 he had n't spoken of love before he 'd known of my affliction . 
 now , i was just shocked he had n't declared his everlasting hate and blown my head off with silver . 
 if he had any . 
 my gaze lowered to the gun he now wore and i wondered . 
 `` elise ? '' 
 my eyes met his before he turned to stare at the trees . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` edward did n't tell you ? '' 
 `` demons , nazis , incurable blood lust . 
 i think he was trying to scare me . '' 
 `` did he succeed ? '' 
 `` enough for me to put the silver bullets he gave me into my gun . '' 
 well , that answered one question , anyway . 
 `` i 'm not like the others , '' i felt compelled to point out ; i 'm not sure why . 
 `` you 've never killed innocent people ? '' 
 i swallowed thickly . 
 `` i did n't say that . '' 
 and i was n't going to say any more . 
 if edward had told him everything , nic would be arresting me - or at least trying to . 
 i 'm sure my boss thought showing him i was werewolf would be enough to make nic stay out of my life forever . 
 edward was no doubt right . 
 `` there 's a whole world out here no one knows about , '' nic murmured . 
 `` it 's the j ger-suchers ' job to make sure one world stays separate from the other . '' 
 forty-eight hours ago nic had n't believed in magic , power , the supernatural . 
 of course , seeing goes a long way toward believing . 
 suddenly he cursed . 
 i moved forward , putting myself between him and the trees . 
 no matter what everyone said - that this was a regular murder , no werewolves , nothing strange but a killer - i was still jumpy . 
 this place was n't right . 
 something was out there . 
 or maybe , as damien said , something was coming . 
 something always was . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` what did you see ? '' 
 `` my own stupidity . '' 
 nic stared at me with a curious expression , which could n't quite disguise the trickle of fear . 
 `` i did n't use a condom . 
 what does that mean ? 
 puppies ? 
 cubs ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 he grabbed me by the arms , shook me once , hard . 
 `` you will . 
 tell me . 
 i have the right to know . '' 
 `` let . 
 me . 
 go . '' 
 i said quietly , prepared to make him if he did n't . 
 there was only so much manhandling i would accept . 
 nic did as i ordered with a shove that would have sent me sprawling if i had n't had the reflexes of a wolf . 
 my fingers curled into fists , but i did n't retaliate . 
 i had to cut the man some slack , though not for much longer . 
 `` i did n't mean i ca n't tell you ; i meant i ca n't have children . '' 
 `` explain . '' 
 `` i would have if you had n't been so bent on mauling me . 
 do you get off on that now ? '' 
 `` you know what i get off on . 
 or at least i did until i found out she was n't human . '' 
 his voice was chilly and distant . 
 i remembered the dreams we 'd shared - the picket fence , the little kids , the life . 
 had he still been dreaming those things ? 
 had he been dreaming of having them with me ? 
 i doubted that . 
 nevertheless , i did owe him an explanation `` cross-species impregnation is impossible . '' '' 
 cross-species ? '' 
 his lip curled . 
 `` i 'm not human ; i 'm not a wolf . 
 i 'm both . '' 
 `` great . 
 that 's a load off my mind . 
 am 1 going to get furry now that we 've swapped spit and various other bodily fluids ? '' 
 `` could you be more graphic ? '' 
 my voice had gone cool and prim . 
 ice queen was back . 
 i 'd kind of missed her . 
 `` yes , '' he snapped . 
 i should just tell him what he wanted to know , then leave him in the woods . 
 he would n't mind . 
 `` lycanthropy is a virus , passed only through saliva while in wolf form . 
 you ca n't catch it from me . 
 unless i bite you . '' 
 `` great , '' he repeated . 
 `` and just to set your mind at ease , since a werewolf can cure anything but silver , you do n't have to worry about stds . '' 
 `` gee , a technicality i 'd completely forgotten about amid all the others . '' 
 had i once considered him funny and smart ? 
 i could n't fathom it . 
 `` your pals fled town , '' he murmured . 
 `` why are you still here ? '' 
 `` batting cleanup . '' 
 i pointed at the sheriff , then froze . 
 `` well , there 's nothing supernatural about this , so you can get lost . '' 
 nic turned and saw what i had . 
 the sheriff 's body was gone . 
 `` uh-oh , '' i murmured , staring at the empty grass where a body used to be . 
 the ground was still dark with blood . 
 otherwise i might have thought we were in the middle of a shared delusion , and there 'd never been any dead sheriff at all . 
 `` where ? 
 what ? '' 
 nic drew his gun and turned in a slow circle , eyes searching the forest . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` there 's no one , '' i said . 
 `` but - '' he stalked around the body , took a few steps into the woods . 
 `` there are n't any drag marks . 
 i did n't hear anything . '' 
 he was still thinking in human terms . 
 i could hardly blame him . 
 `` that 's because no one dragged him away . '' 
 `` they had to - '' `` no , they did n't . '' 
 my insistence finally penetrated his confusion . 
 he put away his gun . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` i have no idea , but i 'm thinking supernatural . 
 can i use your phone ? '' 
 he stared at the empty space as if the body might appear as miraculously as it had disappeared . 
 no such luck . 
 `` nic ? '' 
 i pressed . 
 `` the phone ? '' 
 he handed it to me , then went back to staring . 
 i dialed edward , got voice mail , left a message . 
 `` call me at - '' i frowned , then snapped my fingers in front of nic 's nose . 
 `` number ? '' 
 he recited it and i did the same , then called jessie and relayed the news . 
 `` guess that explains where the dead bodies have gone , '' she said . 
 `` where ? '' 
 silence met my question . 
 `` well , maybe it does n't explain it , but - hell , i do n't know . '' 
 `` are you coming back ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` ca n't . 
 according to the authorities i 've talked to in minnesota , they 've got a major wolf problem only we can solve , if you get my drift . '' 
 `` leigh and damien ? '' 
 `` serious shit going on in washington , too . 
 they 've got their hands full . 
 i 'd swear there was a full moon . '' 
 i glanced at the sky where the silver orb wavered , appearing slightly off balance , not at all full . 
 weird . 
 `` did you call edward ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` voice mail . '' 
 `` figures . '' 
 `` what should i do ? '' 
 `` deal with it . 
 you 're a j ger-sucher . '' 
 `` not really . 
 i 've never had to handle a case . '' 
 `` you do now . 
 just wing it . '' 
 `` i 'm not the winging-it type . '' 
 `` change . '' 
 jessie hung up . 
 `` hell , '' i muttered . 
 `` what did she say ? '' 
 `` wing it ? '' 
 `` hell , '' nic repeated . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` i 'd better contact the me , '' nic said , `` tell him to call off the coroner 's wagon . 
 although how i 'm going to explain a missing body i have no idea . '' 
 i handed nic his phone , then stared at the blood-drenched ground . 
 i had n't a clue where to start . 
 a few minutes later , nic joined me . 
 `` what did you tell him ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` the truth . '' 
 `` what ! '' 
 `` not the whole truth . 
 take a breath . '' 
 nic shook his head . 
 `` i said the body was missing . 
 since that appears to be an epidemic around here , the doctor was n't surprised . '' 
 silence settled over the clearing , broken only by the sounds of the night . 
 `` i guess you can go , '' i said . 
 `` nothing natural here . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i glanced at him in surprise . 
 `` why would you stay ? '' 
 `` i do n't leave the scene of a murder , even if the body does . 
 that 's not how we do things in the fbi . '' 
 `` you come across a lot of disappearing bodies in the fbi , do you ? '' 
 `` that 's beside the point . '' 
 `` you ca n't tell them what 's going on here . '' 
 `` no shit . 
 i 'd be on the next transport to a little white room . '' 
 in truth , i wanted nic to stay . 
 i had no idea what to do . 
 not that he 'd know any better how to figure out why a body - or ten - had disappeared into thin air . 
 but at least he was someone who had dealt with death before . 
 still , there were other issues we had to get straight before we could work together . 
 `` we ca n't - '' `` sleep together anymore ? '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` i figured that out for myself , elise . '' 
 `` i was going to say ` keep sniping at each other , ' but that , too . '' 
 there was no way i would continue an affair with a man who found me disgusting - especially when i still loved him . 
 i might be pathetic , but i was n't stupid . 
 `` fine . '' 
 his jaw tightened . 
 `` we 'll work together . '' 
 i held out my hand . 
 `` but nothing else . '' 
 he stared at my palm for several seconds , then spun on his heel and headed into the trees . 
 `` i 'll take that as a yes , '' i shouted at his retreating back . 
 the ride back to fairhaven was silent . 
 we reached town about 3 a.m. `` looks like the deputy 's back , '' nic murmured , eyes on the sheriff 's office , where every light blazed . 
 `` guess we should tell him he 's been promoted , '' i said . 
 `` mmm . 
 he 's not going to be happy . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 i let my gaze wander over the quiet , peaceful street . 
 `` fairhaven seems a decent place to be a sheriff . '' 
 `` it was . '' 
 `` he 's a cop . 
 he 'll do his job . '' 
 `` i do n't doubt he will . 
 but small towns usually hire retired law-enforcement officers - old men who do n't want any more hassles . '' 
 `` oh , '' i muttered , understanding why basil might not be thrilled to learn of his sudden promotion to head cop of a town with serious troubles . 
 nic stopped the car , shut off the motor . 
 `` i do n't think we 're supposed to actually tell him what 's going on , '' i returned . 
 `` we do n't know what 's going on . '' 
 `` then there should n't be any problem . 
 but werewolves , disappearing bodies . 
 let 's just keep that to ourselves , shall we ? '' 
 `` what if we just tell him what we know ? 
 as little as that is . '' 
 `` rule number one , '' i recited . 
 `` no truth for civilians . 
 they panic , then they call the press . 
 the national enquirer would be a real pain right now . '' 
 `` i suppose . '' 
 i got out of the car . 
 nic followed and together we climbed the steps to the sheriff 's office . 
 `` but i do n't like keeping law-enforcement officials in the dark . 
 this guy should know what he 's facing . '' 
 i reached for the door just as it opened , and i nearly fell into the man on the other side . 
 he was n't old . 
 though at least twenty-one , since he was a deputy , basil moore appeared much younger . 
 his long , wheat-shaded hair was tied in a ponytail . 
 his cheekbones were high and sharp , his eyes bright green . 
 he could have been a model , except for the scar that bisected his right cheek . 
 what a waste . 
 then again , the scar gave him the air of a pirate in a modern world . 
 the perfection 's marring only seemed to highlight how perfect he was . 
 `` deputy . '' 
 i straightened . 
 `` i 'm elise hanover . 
 this is dominic franklin . '' 
 `` fbi , '' nic said , offering his hand , and in doing so , including me as one of them . 
 i let it pass . 
 if basil thought i was fbi , that saved a lot of questions as to what i actually was . 
 `` more fbi ? '' 
 basil asked , shaking nic 's hand , then nodding to me . 
 `` more ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` that tall gal and the injun . '' 
 his lip curled . 
 `` too damned friendly , if ya ask me . 
 what the hell 's she thinking ? '' 
 i recalled will 's description of basil - not an indian lover . 
 i 'd heard people like him existed , but i had n't really believed it . 
 basil kept on talking in a striking bass voice that would have been lovely if he had n't been such a racist . 
 `` they were fbi , too . 
 why on earth the government would hire a red man , i have no idea . '' 
 nic glared at me and i shrugged . 
 i was n't surprised jessie and will and probably edward , too , had identified themselves as fbi . 
 we lied all the time so we could do our jobs with the least amount of questions asked . 
 besides , our usual lies - we were with the dnr , there was rabies , and so on - would n't work in fairhaven . 
 there were n't any wolves . 
 `` yes , well - '' nic cleared his throat . 
 `` will and jessie found sheriff stephenson . '' 
 `` i 'd hope so since i told them exactly where he was . '' 
 `` you did n't tell them he 'd be dead . '' 
 basil blinked . 
 `` dead ? '' 
 `` as in ` not alive , ' '' i offered . 
 nic threw me a quelling stare , and i shut my mouth . 
 `` i guess that makes you the acting sheriff , '' nic continued . 
 `` where have you been ? 
 i 've been calling since the body was discovered . '' 
 `` i was talkin ' to some folks around town . 
 they 're upset . 
 people disappear , and they start whisperin ' about black magic , devil worship , witches . '' 
 basil 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` you think something like that is going on in fairhaven ? '' 
 `` nothing like that , '' i muttered . 
 `` should i grab dr. watchry and head to the crime scene ? '' 
 basil asked . 
 `` the doctor 's been there already . 
 he examined the body . 
 before - '' nic broke off and basil sighed . 
 `` gone again ? '' 
 `` i 'm afraid so . '' 
 `` do n't suppose anyone saw who stole it this time . '' 
 `` one minute it was there , '' i said , `` the next , poof . '' 
 nic lifted a brow in my direction . 
 i ignored him . 
 people hear what they want to hear , and basil was no different . 
 `` i wish i knew who this crazy was , and how he managed to steal bodies with no one seein ' him . '' 
 `` mmm , '' i agreed . 
 `` what was sheriff stephenson doing out there ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` report of a grave desecration . 
 happens sometimes , here and around . 
 usually kids . '' 
 `` has it been happening a lot lately ? '' 
 `` no more than usual . '' 
 `` and what 's usual for something like that ? '' 
 `` now and again . 
 few times a year maybe . '' 
 `` hmm , '' nic muttered . 
 i understood his concern . 
 anything odd , especially anything odd that had to do with the dead , was cause for inquiry - both in his world and mine . 
 `` i did n't see any graves . 
 did you ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` there are graves all over the woods , '' basil said . 
 `` folks buried their dead wherever they dropped in the old days . '' 
 `` that 's true , '' i agreed . 
 `` and this grave ? '' 
 nic pressed . 
 `` whose was it ? 
 who called and said it had been disturbed ? '' 
 basil shrugged . 
 `` i did n't take the call , but from the location i 'd say that was the anderson homestead . 
 you 'd have to look at the plot maps to be sure . '' 
 `` i 'd also like to see the paperwork , '' nic said . 
 `` paperwork ? '' 
 `` on the grave desecrations . 
 just point me in the right direction . '' 
 `` i ca n't think that there 's paperwork on something so simple . '' 
 i understood basil 's confusion . 
 though murders were rare , mischief was not . 
 bored kids did a lot of drinking in the woods , at the end of dead-end roads , on dusty trails , then they got into trouble . 
 until recently , a little grave-digging was probably the most excitement anyone got in fairhaven . 
 `` i suppose this means you feds are going to be taking over the case , '' basil murmured . 
 nic and i glanced at each other . 
 `` yes , '' i said . 
 `` that 's exactly what it means . '' 
 `` let 's regroup . '' 
 nic stepped out of the sheriff 's office and headed for the cabin . 
 the door was unlocked . 
 a note and the key lay on the kitchen table . 
 do n't forget to talk to cora kopway , i read in what i assumed was will 's precise scrawl . 
 he 'd also drawn a map to her cottage . 
 `` who 's cora kopway ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` ojibwe wisewoman . '' 
 `` and you 're supposed to talk to her why ? '' 
 `` remember that talisman we found in montana ? '' 
 which reminded me ... i left the kitchen and ran into the bedroom , retrieved the icon from my sweatpants and returned with it in my hand . 
 nic sat at the table , scribbling notes onto a notepad he 'd produced from lord knows where . 
 he did n't even glance up when i entered . 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 quickly i related what had happened since the icon came into my possession , as well as will 's thoughts and the need to talk to cora . 
 at least he stopped taking notes . 
 `` you 're more powerful ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and you do n't know why ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he stood . 
 `` let 's go talk to her . '' 
 i glanced at the clock . 
 close to 4 a.m. now . 
 `` is n't it a little early for visiting ? '' 
 `` you said she was old . 
 she 'll be awake . '' 
 since he was already headed through the door , i hurried to catch up . 
 the sun was n't even a smoky glow against the eastern sky when nic parked in front of a small cottage several miles outside of fairhaven . 
 but the windows were lit , and as we got out of the car , the front door opened . 
 a young , beautiful woman stood on the threshold as if she 'd been waiting for us to arrive . 
 her skin was olive , not the cinnamon shade of will 's , but her hair was just as dark , flowing to her waist like a waving ebony river . 
 her eyes , black and heavily lashed , gazed at us curiously , but she did n't speak , she merely waited . 
 talk about aging gracefully ; will 's ancient wisewoman did n't appear a day over twenty-five . 
 `` we 'd like to speak with cora kopway , '' i said . 
 `` my grandmother joined the spirits last week . '' 
 hell . 
 we were sol when it came to information if cora was dead . 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that . 
 will cadotte said she might be able to help us . '' 
 `` the professor ! '' 
 an expression of pure delight blossomed . 
 `` grandmother spoke of him often . 
 he did n't come with you ? '' 
 `` he was called away . '' 
 we stood silent , her on the porch , nic and i in the yard . 
 `` well - '' i began . 
 `` would you mind if we took a look at some of your grandmother 's books ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` of course not . 
 she 'd be happy to help any friend of professor cadotte 's . '' 
 the woman opened the door wider . 
 when she moved , a sound , like faint jingle bells , ensued . 
 golden bangles circled her arms ; red , blue , and yellow beaded earrings tangled with her hair , their colors a reflection of the calf-length skirt and frilly peasant blouse . 
 i caught a glimpse of an ankle bracelet , as well as several toe rings on her bare feet . 
 `` i 'm lydia . '' 
 `` elise hanover , '' i replied . 
 `` this is nic franklin . '' 
 she nodded in welcome to us both . 
 the place was lovely , overflowing with indian paintings and sculptures . 
 most were of animals : bear , moose , birds , coyotes , and , of course , wolves . 
 one table held dried bones and what appeared to be teeth . 
 candles of all shapes , sizes , and colors graced the room . 
 pottery bowls stood on each table ; some held powders , some unidentified objects . 
 i smelled fresh-cut grass , sandalwood , and new snow on a crisp winter night . 
 i was reminded of montana beneath a full moon , and for the first time in a lifetime i missed the place . 
 bookshelves lined the walls , filled to the ceiling with volumes whose spines reflected every shade of the rainbow . 
 more cluttered the tables and the floor , some rested on furniture the hues of the earth and the sky at sunset : mahogany , sand , azure , burnt orange . 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' i breathed . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 lydia stepped into the room just behind me . 
 `` grandmother left me the place , and i 'm grateful . 
 she 'll be a great loss to the ojibwe community . '' 
 `` will said she was quite knowledgeable . '' 
 `` very . 
 she was teaching me , but there was so much to learn . '' 
 here was good news . 
 maybe we were n't sol after all . 
 `` we 're interested in information on shamanic totems with mystical power , '' i said . 
 `` what kind of power ? '' 
 `` shape-shifting . '' 
 her gaze sharpened . 
 `` into what ? '' 
 `` wolf . '' 
 `` weendigo , '' she whispered , and one of the candles sputtered , then went out , leaving a trail of smoke behind . 
 `` i always hate it when that happens , '' i muttered . 
 lydia struck a match and relit the wick . 
 the flame held steady and sure . 
 `` what 's a weendigo ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` the great cannibal , '' lydia answered . 
 `` ojibwe werewolf . '' 
 nic cleared his throat , turned so lydia could n't see , then pointed at his teeth . 
 i frowned , considering . 
 there 'd been a bite mark on the single victim we 'd seen . 
 but human teeth , not wolf . 
 no flesh removed . 
 what about the others that no one could find ? 
 for all we knew , they could have been sporting bite marks , too , or missing big chunks of skin - kind of hard to tell without the bodies . 
 we had something to think about . 
 i shook my head , indicating we 'd keep the information to ourselves for now . 
 we were here to discuss the talisman , not the disappearances . 
 `` getting back to the totem , '' i said . 
 `` a sacrifice would be required to imbue the icon with power . '' 
 `` rabbit , '' nic muttered . 
 `` unusual choice , '' lydia said . 
 `` but blood is blood . 
 what is the totem made from ? '' 
 `` plastic , '' nic blurted , before i could show her the thing . 
 he was right to be cautious . 
 the icon was evidence - of what , we did n't know . 
 but passing the thing around like a brand-new baby could be a mistake . 
 `` also unusual , '' lydia continued . 
 `` but grandmother always said it 's not the vessel that matters but the magic . 
 the power behind the plastic is what counts . 
 a spell , correctly performed by a shaman , could make anything a conduit . 
 however , there are n't a lot of people left with that kind of power . '' 
 `` could cora have done it ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 lydia cast a quick glance his way . 
 `` if she was n't dead . '' 
 nic dipped his chin in acknowledgment before asking , `` i do n't suppose you know any others of cora 's stature ? '' 
 `` no , but i can ask around . '' 
 `` i 'd appreciate it . '' 
 nic removed a card from his pocket and handed it to lydia . 
 `` you can reach us at this number . '' 
 i glanced at the books . 
 `` axe there volumes on shamanic transformation ? '' 
 `` i have n't seen any , but that does n't mean they are n't there . 
 help yourself . '' 
 `` i 'll take a quick look . '' 
 nic headed for the nearest stack . 
 silence settled between us . 
 we smiled , glanced away . 
 now what ? 
 i 'd never been good at making friends . 
 becoming a werewolf and being relegated to a compound in montana had n't improved the skill . 
 crossing to the window , i peered out . 
 the forest came right up to the cottage . 
 most people would be claustrophobic , but to me the trees were soothing , both refuge and retreat . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 lydia joined me . 
 `` i 'm not very good with people . 
 comes from spending too much time with just myself and my books . '' 
 she thought she was being geeky . 
 her insecurity called out to my own . 
 `` i have the same problem , '' i said . 
 my gaze was caught by a shadow . 
 something slunk low to the ground . 
 something furry , with ears and a tail . 
 `` did you see that ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` there . '' 
 i pointed . 
 `` a wolf . '' 
 `` no wolves around here . 
 probably a coyote . '' 
 the shadow had seemed damn big for a coyote , but then , shadows were like that . 
 `` you 've never seen any wolves ? '' 
 `` not since i moved in . 
 coyotes , though . 
 a lot of them . '' 
 and where there were a lot of one , there were n't any of the other . 
 wolves would tolerate foxes in their territory , but never coyotes . 
 another of nature 's little mysteries . 
 `` i 've heard there are quite a few crows , too , '' i observed . 
 `` they usually hang around wolves . '' 
 `` i read something about that in a book on chippewa legends . '' 
 chippewa being the misspelling of ojibwe by the government on treaties and other official documents . 
 the mistake had made its way into common usage . 
 `` i meant ojibwe , ' '' lydia said quickly . 
 `` the author kept using the term chippewa legend . 
 i ca n't get it out of my mind . '' 
 she smacked herself in the forehead with the heel of her hand . 
 a second shadow skirted the cool confines of the forest , distracting me . 
 `` what 's so interesting ? '' 
 nic stood behind us . 
 `` elise thought she saw a wolf . '' 
 he stared out the window for several moments . 
 i held my breath . 
 did i want him to see a wolf , or did n't i ? 
 `` nothing , '' he murmured . 
 `` must have been a coyote , '' lydia reiterated . 
 was i jumping at shadows ? 
 probably . 
 in my world , shadows often turned out to be real . 
 `` we should go , '' nic said . 
 `` you did n't find anything useful in grandmother 's books ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but thanks for letting me look . '' 
 `` nice meeting you . '' 
 lydia followed us to the door . 
 `` come back anytime . '' 
 i stepped outside and sniffed , but the wind blew toward the forest - the wrong direction for me to scent anything but grass and trees , a few squirrels . 
 the sun was just peeking over the horizon . 
 werewolves , for the most part , exist from dusk to dawn . 
 however , the exact minute of dawn is hard to put a finger on without an almanac . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 nic asked as we climbed into the car and drove away . 
 i flipped my finger toward the sky . 
 `` too close to sunrise to have been anything but coyotes . 
 or real wolves . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 nic shrugged . 
 `` then again , maybe not . '' 
 `` because ? '' 
 `` the weendigo shifted anytime he wanted to , into any shape he saw fit . 
 luckily , he 's dead . '' 
 thanks to damien and leigh . 
 `` there ca n't be another one ? '' 
 a cheery thought , however - `` no . 
 or at least not right now . 
 a weendigo is made between the harvest and the hunter 's moon . '' 
 `` which means nothing to me , '' nic pointed out . 
 `` harvest moon is in september , hunter 's october . 
 since it 's november we 're headed for the beaver or the frost moon . '' 
 `` where do you get this stuff ? '' 
 `` from books . 
 the indians coined names for each full moon . 
 in november , the swamps freeze and the beavers wander . 
 the people would set traps and make winter blankets of the heavy pelts . '' 
 `` a kind of calendar - a way to mark time by the moon . '' 
 `` right . 
 but i do n't remember reading anything about the beaver moon and disappearing bodies . 
 i 'll have to talk to will . '' 
 i held out my hand . 
 `` cell phone ? '' 
 `` that 's a for-sure thing ? 
 the moon influencing - '' `` werewolves ? '' 
 i interrupted . 
 `` oh , yeah . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 he gave me his phone . 
 `` so no weendigo . 
 but that bite mark on the body bugs me . '' 
 `` me , too . 
 i think we should talk to the medical examiner . '' 
 nic 's fingers tightened on the steering wheel . 
 `` me , too . '' 
 as nic drove back to town , i placed another call to jessie . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` a little busy here ! '' 
 gunshots punctuated her words . 
 `` if you 're that damn busy , why 'd you answer the phone ? '' 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` will . '' 
 `` ca n't have him . 
 mine . '' 
 `` i need to ask a question . 
 is he there ? '' 
 her put-upon sigh was followed by will 's voice . 
 `` hey ! 
 do not throw the phone at my head unless you warn me first . 
 hello ? '' 
 i did n't bother with niceties . 
 i figured he had places to go , werewolves to kill - or at least he needed to hold jessie 's ammo while she killed them . 
 `` you know anything about the beaver moon ? '' 
 `` it 's in a few days . 
 why ? 
 did you talk to cora ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i hesitated , not wanting to impart bad news over the phone , but what choice did i have ? 
 `` cora 's dead , will . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` damn . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i heard jessie ask . 
 either my hearing was improving or she was shouting - maybe both . 
 `` why the long face ? '' 
 `` cora 's gone , '' will answered . 
 `` got on her broom and took off at last , huh ? '' 
 i guessed the two of them had n't been pals . 
 `` cora took jessie 's voice away once , '' will explained . 
 `` took away ? '' 
 `` purple powder . 
 bam . 
 jessie could n't talk . '' 
 `` really ? 
 can i buy that stuff ? '' 
 `` not for sale . 
 i already asked . '' 
 `` funny . 
 har-har , '' jessie said loudly . 
 `` old bat . '' 
 `` have some respect for the dead , jess . '' 
 `` she 's dead ? '' 
 `` what does gone mean to you ? '' 
 `` left town . 
 took a trip . 
 not dead . 
 jeez , who taught you how to break bad news ? '' 
 her voice softened . 
 `` i 'm sorry , will . 
 i know how much you liked her . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i did . 
 and every time we lose an elder , we lose a lot of knowledge . '' 
 `` cora appears to have been teaching lydia the old ways , '' i said . 
 `` who 's lydia ? '' 
 quickly i filled will in on what had happened at the cottage in the woods . 
 `` no weendigo this time , '' will murmured . 
 `` i have to say i am not disappointed - even though we do know how to kill one of those . '' 
 `` returning to our present problem , '' i said . 
 `` beaver moon , disappearing bodies . 
 ring any bells ? '' 
 `` not offhand . 
 i 'll check around . '' 
 gunshots broke out on their side of the line . 
 `` got ta go , '' will said . 
 `` i 'll get back to you . '' 
 `` well ? '' 
 nic said . 
 he stopped the car in front of dr. watchry 's clinic and shut off the engine . 
 `` he 'll get back to me . '' 
 `` okay . 
 in the meantime '' - nic nodded toward the building in front of us - `` shall we ? '' 
 together we got out of the car and headed for the door , but before we reached the clinic a tiny , elderly woman tottered out of murphy 's - the tavern that was always open , or had been before the disappearances . 
 right now it appeared to be not only open but full . 
 the woman did n't waste any time with introductions . 
 `` what are you doing about our dilemma ? '' 
 she waved a paper-white , heavily veined hand toward the bar . 
 `` we 're concerned . '' 
 from the smell of her breath , she was drowning her concerns along with the rest of the population . 
 i peered up and down the street . 
 all the other businesses had closed signs in the windows ; the road was deserted except for nic , me , and the little old lady . 
 maybe everyone was in the bar . 
 `` people disappearing ? '' 
 her voice became more loud and shrill with every word . 
 `` sheriff stephenson murdered . 
 what kind of person would steal a body ? '' 
 basil had been busy soothing the populace with our lie , or maybe the doctor had , although it did n't appear as if they were very calm . 
 `` have you seen any strangers in town , ma'am ? '' 
 i glanced at nic . 
 good idea . 
 he really was very handy to have around . 
 `` besides the fbi ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` my eyes ai n't what they used to be . 
 there was a man come through . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` reminded me of thor the thunder god . '' 
 someone broke a glass inside the bar and the woman gasped , then put a palm to her chest . 
 she was spooked . 
 i could hardly blame her . 
 the town had never seen a murder , now they had several missing citizens , probably dead , and a dead sheriff , now missing . 
 `` what is the fbi going to do about the latest murder ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` all that we can , ma'am . '' 
 nic attempted to guide her back into the bar , but she did n't want to go . 
 `` two in one night . 
 what is the world coming to ? '' 
 nic paused . 
 `` two what ? '' 
 `` two murders . 
 try to keep up , boy . '' 
 `` two ? '' 
 nic glanced at me and i shrugged . 
 `` sheriff stephenson and ... ? '' 
 `` susie gerant . 
 the doctor 's receptionist . '' 
 nic and i left the elderly lady on the street as we ran for the doctor 's office . 
 `` he is n't there , '' she called . 
 we stopped , turned . 
 `` he went to examine the body . '' 
 her face crinkled in thought . 
 `` not sure where . '' 
 `` sheriff moore ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` have n't seen him . '' 
 we checked the clinic anyway . 
 drab waiting room with stained carpet , uncomfortable chairs , out-of-date magazines , banged-up toys piled into a laundry basket in the corner . 
 but no doctor , or anyone else for that matter , so nic left a note on the desk . 
 the sheriff 's office was just as empty . 
 no sign of basil , not even a message on the activity board . 
 nic cursed . 
 `` you 'd think he 'd call and let us know there was another body . '' 
 `` or be kind enough to leave a map . '' 
 `` or that . '' 
 nic called basil 's cell phone , cursing at the voice mail . 
 `` sheriff , '' he said tersely into the phone . 
 `` this is agent franklin . 
 we need to talk . 
 call me , or come to the cabin asap . '' 
 when he had disconnected we stood in the center of the room at a loss . 
 now what ? 
 `` thor the thunder god ? '' 
 nic murmured . 
 `` who 's that ? 
 a north woods bogeyman ? '' 
 `` more like someone she sees after too many cocktails . 
 probably a norse myth , since there are a lot of norwegians around here , or so i hear . 
 we could look it up , but i do n't really care . '' 
 `` ditto , '' nic said . 
 `` maybe we should get some sleep . '' 
 `` it 's eight o'clock in the morning . '' 
 `` you 're not tired ? '' 
 nic must have seen the weariness play across my face because he did n't wait for an answer . 
 `` we might as well rest until the doctor or basil gets back . '' 
 we crossed the short space between the two buildings , and after a quick , silent meal of eggs and toast , headed for bed . 
 my face heated as we neared my room . 
 i glanced at nic and saw only his back disappearing into what had been jessie and will 's space . 
 my lips tightened . 
 it was n't as if i 'd expected him to join me , but i still felt as if i 'd been slapped . 
 `` idiot , '' i muttered , and slammed my door . 
 the cabin rental must have come with linen service , because my sheets had been changed , the bed made . 
 thank god . 
 i doubt i could have slept on sheets that smelled of him . 
 as it was , i tossed and turned as memories assaulted me . 
 both present and past . 
 real and imagined . 
 i 'd known all along nic would n't be able to handle what i was , understand what i 'd become . 
 that he 'd hate me both for leaving him and the necessity of it . 
 but i had n't realized how much his rejection would hurt . 
 never suspected that i 'd been harboring the hope , the delusion , that he could love me no matter what . 
 `` moron . '' 
 i punched the pillow and tried once more to sleep . 
 i had a doozy of a dream . 
 the future was bright and sunny . 
 house in the suburbs , flower beds , picket fence , really nice minivan . 
 i was a doctor who had actual patients that were people . 
 my husband was - `` nic ! '' 
 `` sweetheart , '' he murmured , as he stepped out of the house , arms wide to welcome me home . 
 love washed over me with a suddenness that made my knees weak . 
 luckily nic was holding me up , his kiss making promises without saying a word . 
 he lifted his head . 
 `` the baby 's teething . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` i feel so bad for her . '' 
 from inside came the wail of a child . 
 i glanced around the yard . 
 a bicycle , a bat and glove . 
 `` mommy , '' a voice squealed , and a blond whirlwind shot out of the house , giving my knees a quick hug before picking up the bat and banging it against the nearest tree . 
 i kind of liked this dream . 
 or i did until the gate opened , and billy walked into the yard . 
 why did he appear more frightening wearing clothes in a suburb than he had naked behind glass ? 
 must be the blood all over his face . 
 `` why are n't you furry ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do n't need to be . 
 killing people around here is so damn easy . '' 
 i glanced up the block . 
 everything was far too still . 
 a trail of red led down the sidewalk between each house , ending right behind billy 's shoes . 
 in the way of dreams , i was both experiencing the situation and observing myself from above . 
 i remembered billy telling me this story before . 
 he liked to go to nice suburbs in good neighborhoods where he could walk right in , door after door after door . 
 he was so good at killing , most people did n't have a chance to scream . 
 the neighbors never knew he was coming . 
 i shook my head , tried to clear the dizziness . 
 i knew this was a dream , yet everything seemed so damn real . 
 i could smell the blood , hear my son singing , the baby crying , see billy right in front of me , so alive . 
 `` you 're dead , '' i said . 
 he smiled and his teeth were red . 
 `` do i look dead to you ? '' 
 `` fuck , '' i muttered . 
 `` yeah , i thought we might . 
 but first - '' billy turned toward my son and i launched myself at him . 
 he smacked me in the chest with one arm , swatting me away as if i were nothing more than an irritating bug . 
 i flew into nic , who 'd been right behind me , and we tumbled to the ground . 
 i thought of the moon and got nothing , reached for a talisman that did n't exist in this dimension , and realized with dawning horror that in this happy normal world , i was n't a werewolf . 
 so i could do nothing but die . 
 if it meant saving my family , i did n't mind . 
 however , billy was still insane , even without the fur . 
 he rounded on me , punching nic in the face , sending him to the ground unconscious . 
 my son , whatever his name was , continued to play as if nothing were happening . 
 in the house , the baby wailed . 
 `` you are n't normal , doctor , and you never will be . '' 
 `` i am . 
 see ? '' 
 i pointed to the house , the fence . 
 he laughed , revealing those disgusting teeth again . 
 `` i 'm your future . '' 
 `` you 're dead , '' i repeated . 
 `` i 'll never really be dead , because i 'm all of them . 
 no matter how many you kill , there 'll be more . '' 
 `` what if i find a cure ? '' 
 `` we do n't want to be cured . 
 we like the killing , the fear . '' 
 he leaned over , nuzzling my neck with his rank mouth . 
 `` the blood . '' 
 i struggled , but it was no use . 
 he was stronger , crazier , and this was a nightmare . 
 i could n't win . 
 just like life . 
 despair rushed through me . 
 he was right ; i 'd never be normal , even if i found a cure . 
 there 'd always be more monsters . 
 they 'd always be after me . 
 and i 'd always carry the burden of the people i had killed . 
 unlike billy , who 'd never given a damn , even before he was a werewolf . 
 `` well . '' 
 he lifted his head , shoved me hard enough to send me flying several feet , where i landed in the flower bed . 
 `` first things first . 
 kill the family , eat the baby , then fuck you . 
 ready ? '' 
 his mouth grew fangs , his eyes went wolf as he fell on an unconscious nic and - i came awake , heart pounding , all sweaty and alone in the night . 
 for a minute i thought billy was there , in the room with me , and a sob escaped . 
 i stifled the sound . 
 billy would love my tears , had told me on many an occasion how he enjoyed licking them from the cheeks of his victims as they died . 
 i shivered and pulled the blanket to my chin , eyes searching the room , nose twitching as i tested the air . 
 billy was n't here , of course . 
 he was dead . 
 i had killed him . 
 the knowledge was n't as comforting as it should have been . 
 the shrill ring of the phone nearly made me jump out of my skin . 
 following the sound into the hall , i snatched up the receiver . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 static came over the line , so loud i pulled the phone away from my ear . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i tried again . 
 `` junkyard . '' 
 screeech ! 
 `` edge of town . '' 
 more static . 
 `` edsel behind a blue school bus . '' 
 i could barely understand the words . 
 i could n't recognize the voice . 
 `` what ? '' 
 snap . 
 `` research . '' 
 crackle . 
 `` serum . '' 
 `` edward ? '' 
 i asked . 
 pop . 
 the line went dead . 
 i hung up and considered what i 'd heard . 
 edward had n't called in , perhaps because he was back . 
 in the junkyard . 
 waiting for me to come and get my research . 
 but what if that had n't been edward ? 
 shaking my head , i headed into the bedroom , got dressed , checked my pocket for the icon - still there - then grabbed my shoes . 
 outside nic 's door , i paused and listened . 
 i could hear him breathing , slow and steady . 
 asleep . 
 good . 
 i was n't going to take him with me . 
 not this time . 
 i had to retrieve my research and create more serum , or i 'd do a lot more than change . 
 i 'd kill . 
 i would n't be able to stop myself . 
 i jogged north on midtown road . 
 when the buildings ended , there was a junkyard . 
 no fence encircled the area . 
 if anyone wanted to drag away a wreck , more power to them . 
 i 'd slept through the day dreaming of billy , and the cool caress of the moon trickled over my skin . 
 only a few nights from full , the orb was growing along with my hunger . 
 with that thought driving me , i waded into the jungle of metal . 
 for a tiny town , they had a lot of old cars . 
 it took me ten minutes to locate a blue bus . 
 behind the vehicle , half-covered by the low-hanging branches of a very old tree , sat an edsel . 
 or at least that was what the nameplate said . 
 i 'd never seen one before . 
 there was a bite to the night , a chill in the air . 
 i could have sworn a ghostly howl rose toward the stars , but when i turned my face upwind , i smelled nothing but motor oil . 
 edward was nowhere to be found . 
 unease trickled over me . 
 the darkness pressed down ; a sudden silence seemed to pulse with secrets and questions . 
 my shoulders twitched as if i had a neon bull 's - eye painted on my back . 
 walked around the edsel . 
 where would i hide research , if i was the one doing the hiding ? 
 i went through the car , the trunk , the glove compartment . 
 nothing there but leaves , so i crawled underneath , checked the carriage , the tires , the ground , but there was no sign of any recent disturbance . 
 1 began to get the drift that the phone call had n't been on the up-and-up . 
 crawling out from under the car , i jogged back the way i 'd come . 
 i 'd reached the main thoroughfare through the center of the junkyard , little more than a large space between the wrecks , when i stopped . 
 clouds danced past the moon , spreading a ghostly , flickering light . 
 shadows danced among the dead vehicles . 
 something slunk low in the tall grass at the edge of the clearing . 
 the breeze whispered , caressing my skin , making me shiver . 
 something was here . 
 i turned in a slow circle and my fingers brushed fur . 
 glancing at my hand , i scowled . 
 i could still feel the tactile impression , but i saw nothing . 
 a body thumped into the back of my legs , sending me forward . 
 i tripped over an invisible barrier and slammed into the ground . 
 flipping onto my back , i tensed in expectation of an attack . 
 none came . 
 more edgy than i 'd ever been , i got to my feet . 
 the hair on my arms and at the back of my neck vibrated with awareness . 
 i could n't run ; i could n't just stand here and let whatever was stalking me do its worst . 
 i had power of my own , but in human form i was as helpless as everyone else . 
 as i tilted my face to the moon , jessie 's jeans split at the seams ; so did her shirt . 
 my shoes cracked open with an annoyingly ripe shriek , and i was free . 
 the odd , faint scent of wolf distracted me . 
 i heard them growling , pacing , hunting , but all i saw were wisps and shadows . 
 nothing concrete . 
 if i had n't smelled wolves , heard them , too , i would n't have been able to distinguish just what it was that wavered here and there like ghosts . 
 a slight movement and i spun just as a shimmering shade blew through me . 
 i was cold , then hot . 
 i heard the whisper of a voice i could n't understand , caught a glimpse of ... something i could n't quite place . 
 as i turned slowly with a stiff-legged gait , wavering entities surrounded me . 
 i darted at one , but it danced out of my way . 
 another levitated , then flew off into the trees . 
 a third let me catch it , but when i encountered the strange cold spot , the whisper , i yelped and backpedaled with all my might . 
 `` who 's out there ? '' 
 i froze at the strange voice and ducked behind a rusted pickup truck . 
 a graying , grizzled old man wandered through the wrecks . 
 the night watchman or maybe the owner , he carried a rifle ; however , that was n't what made the ruff on the back of my neck lift . 
 a low rumble spread across the night . 
 a distinct io warning , which the man did n't appear to hear , even when the growl increased in volume and was joined by several others . 
 shadows flickered , circled , converged . 
 torn , i perched near the left truck tire , hoping whatever stalked the junkyard would go away . 
 a pained whine erupted from my mouth , and the man 's gaze swung in my direction . 
 me , he could hear . 
 i ducked low and hid behind the bumper . 
 the shadows inched closer ; the growls escalated to snarls . 
 i had no choice . 
 though the ghostly wolves might not be able to hurt me , they might hurt him . 
 i could n't let an innocent civilian be bitten or killed by lord knows what . 
 bursting from cover , i ran straight at the first shadow in my path . 
 i braced for the disturbing cold spot ; nevertheless when i thundered through it i lost my footing , then tumbled across the grass , snarling , snapping at half a dozen other cold spots . 
 i reached my feet , spun about , saw nothing and felt even less . 
 were they gone ? 
 panting , i paced . 
 too much power , too much adrenaline . 
 i had to fight something . 
 kill it and now . 
 i caught a faint scent and followed it to the trees . 
 diving in , i sensed them all around me . 
 my lip curled . 
 i showed them my teeth . 
 come on ! 
 i wanted to shout . 
 i can take you . 
 i can take all of you . 
 the foliage shivered . 
 the odd smell faded . 
 they had run because they were afraid , and i loved it . 
 tingling , i shook my fur as if i 'd just stepped out of an icy river . 
 unable to contain myself , i tilted my nose to the moon and howled . 
 as the sound of my exultation faded , the wind whispered , and this time i understood the words . 
 give in to the power . 
 embrace what you are and discover the secret you seek . 
 i contemplated the message as the rushing of my blood and the racing of my heart lessened . 
 the air seemed cooler , the moon brighter , the trees taller , and the grass softer , more fragrant . 
 my head buzzed with the glory , the mystery , the strength , which was the only reason i forgot about the watchman until the squelch of a shoe against wet earth made me remember . 
 by then it was too late . 
 he shot me . 
 his gun was filled with lead . 
 regardless , being shot hurt . 
 really , really hurt . 
 and he shot me in the butt . 
 how mortifying . 
 i wanted to shout , curse , cry . 
 instead i ran . 
 at first all i could think of was getting away , so i accelerated in the general direction of cuba . 
 however , when my skin began to heal the hole with the bullet still inside , i detoured to the cabin . 
 approaching from the rear , i sniffed the air and smelled nothing but trees , heard only the wind . 
 leaping onto the back porch , i imagined myself human and suddenly i was . 
 the talisman resided in the pocket of jessie 's pants back at the junkyard . 
 even though i did n't appear to need it anymore , i wanted the icon back . 
 and i 'd get it , just as soon as i removed the irritating bullet from my ass . 
 i could get used to changing back and forth in the blink of an eye . 
 the lack of pain and agony was a definite plus . 
 making use of my suddenly opposable thumb , i turned the doorknob , slipped inside , then straight into the bathroom . 
 the glare of the electric light made me flinch even before i saw myself in the mirror . 
 dirt streaked my face ; my hair was full of leaves and twigs ; fiery red scratches marred my arms . 
 twisting awkwardly , i tried to see my wound , but i could n't . 
 the bullet seemed to be scraping me from the inside out . 
 what did n't kill me might just drive me mad . 
 i was going to have to ask for help , and i hated that . 
 i opened the bathroom door , and yelped . 
 nic stood on the other side . 
 one glance at my face and he cursed , then shoved his way into the room . 
 i snatched a towel off the rack and clutched it to my breasts . 
 stupid . 
 he 'd already seen and touched everything already . 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 nic demanded . 
 i was n't sure where to start . 
 `` i woke up and you were gone . 
 no note . 
 nothing . '' 
 nic shoved his fingers through his hair , making it stand on end , reminding me of the coarse blond locks of our dream child . 
 i shoved the image out of my head . 
 that child was n't real , could never be real , and i had to remember that . 
 nic wore nothing but boxers . 
 too bad i did n't have time to admire his physique . 
 blood flowed down the back of my legs and dripped onto the floor . 
 `` what the - '' ? 
 nic yanked the towel free and spun me around . 
 i was so shocked , i let him . 
 `` who shot you ? '' 
 `` guy in the junkyard . 
 the owner , or maybe the night watchman . '' 
 `` i take it you were furry at the time , '' he murmured . 
 `` or he and i are going to have a discussion . '' 
 i glanced over my shoulder and caught an expression of such violence cross his face i was shocked - and a little bit charmed . 
 i could take care of myself - bullet in the butt notwithstanding - but it was kind of nice for once to have someone else want to look after me . 
 nic saw me staring and schooled his face into the stoic mask i 'd come to loathe . 
 `` you 'd better get in the bathtub . 
 you 're making a mess . '' 
 `` good idea . '' 
 i climbed in . 
 `` what were you doing at the junkyard ? '' 
 quickly i explained about the phone call , the edsel , the watchman , and the ghostly wolves . 
 when i was done , nic stared at me without blinking . 
 `` ghost wolves . 
 are they something new ? '' 
 `` i 've never heard of them . 
 but now i know why i saw wolf shadows at lydia 's and caught the scent of wolves when everyone else swears there are n't any . 
 at least i 'm not nuts . '' 
 `` just able to see , smell , and hear things no one else can , '' he said dryly . 
 `` do you think the disappearing bodies are related somehow ? '' 
 i thought for a minute , then shook my head . 
 `` the ghost wolves did n't do much beyond bump against me and spread cold spots . 
 i doubt they 're killing people . 
 besides , sheriff stephenson was killed with a knife , then marked with a human bite . '' 
 `` which means we 've got two problems instead of one . '' 
 `` at least . '' 
 `` so what 's the deal ? '' 
 he waved at my rear end . 
 `` i thought werewolves could heal damn near anything . '' 
 `` we can . 
 trouble is , i 'm healing faster than usual . 
 you 're going to have to dig that out . '' 
 he did n't argue . 
 `` got any medical instruments ? '' 
 `` not anymore . '' 
 `` oh , right . 
 compound go boom . '' 
 leaning down , nic peered at my left cheek . 
 funny how a little bullet and a lot of blood took care of any sexual interest in my nakedness . 
 or maybe discovering my true nature had already killed that . 
 `` will left a few things , '' he said . 
 `` hold on . '' 
 he returned a few minutes later with a small leather case . 
 inside were several lethal-looking blades . 
 `` filleting knives . '' 
 nic began to root around in the medicine cabinet concealed behind the mirror over the sink . 
 `` will must like to fish . '' 
 `` what are you searching for ? '' 
 `` alcohol . '' 
 i snorted . 
 `` as if i 'll get an infection . '' 
 `` humor me . '' 
 removing a clear bottle , he doused the smallest of the knives , then withdrew a tweezers from the cabinet and doused that , along with his hands . 
 `` turn around , '' he said . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 i did n't want to watch . 
 nic splashed my butt with alcohol , and i nearly jumped out of the tub . 
 `` hey ! 
 what did i say about infection ? '' 
 `` can you promise i wo n't get furry if i accidentally cut myself with your blood all over me ? '' 
 `` i told you . 
 the virus is only passed through saliva when i 'm in wolf form . '' 
 `` but things can change . '' 
 he was right . 
 i had no idea what was happening to me . 
 the virus could be mutating , and then everything i knew , or thought i knew , would be wrong . 
 `` leave it , '' i said . 
 `` i 'll live . '' 
 `` i 'm not lame . 
 i wo n't cut myself . 
 besides , you 've got the handy-dandy antidote . 
 if i get infected , you can cure me . '' 
 could i ? 
 i no longer had the formula , and it was n't exactly simple enough to remember off the top of my head . 
 none of them were . 
 i had n't heard from edward since he 'd left town . 
 i was starting to worry . 
 if he were to disappear , along with everything i 'd invented , the world , as well as me , was in big-time trouble . 
 nic poked me . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 `` hold still or you 'll have more holes than you already do . '' 
 he punctuated his words with another jab . 
 `` i 've almost got it . '' 
 i stared at the bathroom tile and waited for him to finish . 
 within three minutes , something pinged against the bathtub , then rolled toward the drain , coming to rest on top of the steel trap . 
 nic picked up the bullet . 
 `` constantly amazes me that something this little can do so much damage . '' 
 he lifted his gaze and in his eyes i saw many things . 
 relief , anger , wariness , fear , and something else i could n't quite place before he turned away , tossing the instruments into the sink and dousing them again with alcohol . 
 `` you 'd better take a shower . '' 
 his voice was remote once more , and i had to wonder if i 'd seen or only imagined the softer emotions crossing his face . 
 i turned on the water . 
 even if nic could get past my being a werewolf , there were so many other things about me he did n't know and never could . 
 `` the wound 's already healed over , '' he murmured . 
 i could n't see the hole , and i did n't really want to . 
 yanking the shower curtain closed , i let the heated water wash the blood from my skin . 
 if only it could wash the blood from my hands - or should i say paws ? 
 `` you mind if i stay while you explain what 's going on ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` suit yourself . '' 
 i stuck my head under the spray . 
 `` who called you ? '' 
 `` i thought it was edward . '' 
 now i was n't so sure . 
 `` does he have your research ? '' 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 `` not having it . 
 that 's bad ? '' 
 `` you have no idea . '' 
 i scrubbed soap into my hair , working the suds from my scalp all the way to the ends . 
 `` not only is the formula for the antidote gone , but so is the formula for me . '' 
 nic yanked back the shower curtain . 
 `` what happens , exactly , if you do n't take your medicine ? 
 i thought you were different . '' 
 `` i am . '' 
 i pulled on the plastic . 
 `` you mind ? '' 
 he scowled but drew the curtain across the rod with a shriek of metal rings , and i began to rinse my hair . 
 `` werewolves ca n't help but change under the full moon , '' i explained . 
 `` there 's no resisting its pull . 
 i 've tried to cure the transformation , but i 've never been able to . '' 
 `` so if you have to change , how are you different ? '' 
 `` i was never possessed by evil - what we call the ` demon . ' 
 killing people sickened me . '' 
 nic had never been dumb . 
 he heard what i was n't saying . 
 `` you never liked to kill , but you did . '' 
 `` the first time , the transformation is frightening , maddening . '' 
 the power is exhilarating . 
 the words whispered through my brain . 
 was that my thought or someone else 's ? 
 someone else 's ? 
 i must have lost too much blood . 
 `` the hunger , '' i whispered . 
 `` i ca n't describe it . '' 
 the agony in my belly , the pounding of my pulse , the shrieking in my head . 
 despite the steamy heat surrounding me , i shivered . 
 `` you 'll do anything to make the torment stop . 
 anything . '' 
 silence from the other side of the curtain spoke louder than words . 
 nic was wondering why i had n't eaten a silver bullet rather than a person . 
 i 'd wondered that myself . 
 at least he did n't ask . 
 `` if a werewolf does n't partake of human blood on the night of the full moon , what happens ? 
 he dies ? '' 
 `` no such luck . '' 
 if it were that easy , edward could just lock up all the werewolves and forget about the key . 
 `` only silver ends a lycanthrope 's existence . 
 or being killed by another werewolf . 
 however , that 's rare . '' 
 i 'd found it bizarre that a lycanthrope would murder a human , yet balk at killing another werewolf , but no one ever said they were logical . 
 `` why is it rare ? '' 
 `` there 's a fail-safe , for want of a better term . 
 maybe a taboo , i guess , against killing our own kind . 
 my personal theory is that the fail-safe is part of the demon . '' 
 `` which you do n't have , '' nic said slowly . 
 `` and neither does damien . '' 
 damien 's curse had taken away not only his demon but any lingering concern about the werewolf rules . 
 he 'd also discovered that killing other werewolves took the edge off that pesky need for human sustenance . 
 convenient for him , since he had n't had access to my serum . 
 `` what about that weendigo you and lydia were discussing ? 
 the great cannibal ? '' 
 `` i 've known one - hector menendez . 
 he was demon personified , and he had no problem killing werewolves . '' 
 `` which screws up your personal theory . '' 
 i 'd thought a lot about hector . 
 probably too much in the dark of the night . 
 `` since hector had no problem breaking human taboos - '' i began . 
 `` such as ? '' 
 `` eating people when he was still a people . '' 
 `` i thought he was a werewolf cannibal . '' 
 `` with hector we got a twofer . '' 
 `` a cannibal in both forms , '' nic murmured , `` so all of his fail-safes were broken . '' 
 i 'd always enjoyed talking with nic . 
 he was so quick and bright , he 'd often finish my thoughts before they came out of my mouth . 
 that had n't changed , even though almost everything else had . 
 `` that 's my theory , '' i agreed . 
 `` but hector 's a little too dead to ask about it . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` with regular werewolves , those with the demon and no access to your serum , what happens under the full moon ? '' 
 `` the madness takes over , if they do n't shift voluntarily , they 'll do so automatically . '' 
 i closed my eyes and let the water beat down on my face , but nothing could make those memories go away . 
 nic remained silent for several minutes . 
 when he spoke again , i understood why . 
 `` mandenauer told me you experienced your first transformation at stanford . 
 but why then ? '' 
 hell . 
 trust edward to tell nic just enough to make him curious and not enough to make him stop questioning me . 
 i shut off the shower , then wrapped myself in a towel before opening the curtain . 
 nic leaned against the sink , arms crossed over his bare chest . 
 his biceps bulged ; his stomach was hard and flat , his legs long , muscled , and lightly covered with hair . 
 i remembered what his hands felt like , what his skin tasted like . 
 i forced myself to walk away , but nic followed me into my bedroom and brought with him his questions . 
 `` was it the moon ? 
 your age ? 
 a spell ? '' 
 he made a disgusted sound . 
 `` a spell . 
 i never thought i 'd hear myself ask that . '' 
 i moved to the window , pushed the curtain aside , and let the silver soothe me . 
 funny , the icy glow that beat down from the sky , to me as strong as the sun in the middle of july , used to upset me . 
 now i was drawn to it . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` there 's no going back . '' 
 nic came up behind me , and i caught the scent of his hair , felt the heat pulsing off him like steam . 
 `` tell me , '' he insisted . 
 `` i deserve to know . '' 
 he did , although i did n't want to be the one to tell him . 
 too bad i was the only one here . 
 `` love , '' i said . 
 `` love changed me . '' 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 i was n't sure what else to say , so i hesitated . 
 he lost his patience , not that he had much to begin with , and grabbed me by the shoulders , spinning me around . 
 `` tell me , '' he ordered through gritted teeth . 
 `` fine , '' i spat , through teeth just as tight . 
 `` dopamine rushing through the brain , adrenaline making the heart pound , phenylethylamine creating the feeling of bliss , oxytocin bringing about sexual arousal . '' 
 my tone was clinical . 
 i refused to look nic in the eye . 
 he released me as if i 'd suddenly sprouted horns . 
 maybe i had . 
 `` falling in love with me made you a werewolf ? '' 
 `` no . 
 my mother being bitten by a monster was what made me a werewolf . 
 the virus was there waiting . 
 it was only a matter of time . '' 
 `` and the right person . '' 
 i shrugged and turned back to the window . 
 `` you changed and then you disappeared . 
 but what happened in between ? 
 you said the hunger was too much to bear the first time . '' 
 `` it was . '' 
 `` you killed someone ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and then ? '' 
 i stared at the moon , the trees , the night , and i remembered . 
 then edward had locked me in a cage . 
 `` elise ? '' 
 `` mmm ? '' 
 i murmured , overcome by memories i 'd tried so long to suppress . 
 `` i never heard about a murder on campus . '' 
 `` edward can cover up anything . 
 that 's what he does . '' 
 and speaking of edward - i brushed past nic to get to the phone in the hall . 
 this time when i dialed edward , he answered . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` taking care of business . '' 
 `` have someone else shoot them . 
 i need my research . '' 
 `` i am taking care of actual business , elise . 
 we have no command center . 
 j ger-suchers from all over the world have been frantically calling my cell phone since you are no longer answering at headquarters . 
 they are quite panicked . '' 
 `` nice to be loved . '' 
 `` i do not think it is your absence that has upset them , but rather the loss of what is familiar . '' 
 trust edward to burst any bubble i might have blown . 
 i was somewhat concerned to realize that i 'd completely forgotten my job . 
 i was n't a field agent . 
 i was a lab geek . 
 the organization queen . 
 i collected the reports , kept track of the agents , their assignments , while i tried to find a cure . 
 all it had taken to forget my responsibilities was a little explosion and some great sex - or had that been a little sex and a great big explosion ? 
 i glanced at nic as he came into the hall . 
 his hair was still mussed , his chest bare , he was getting a five o'clock shadow . 
 i wanted to feel the scrape of his whiskers on the inside of my thighs . 
 gritting my teeth , i turned away from temptation . 
 why did n't the man put on some clothes ! 
 `` when are you coming back to fairhaven ? '' 
 i demanded of edward . 
 `` you are still there ? '' 
 i 'd forgotten ; he did n't know , so i filled him in . 
 `` ghost wolves , '' edward mused . 
 `` so many years and yet i have not heard everything . '' 
 `` amazing , is n't it ? '' 
 my sarcasm was lost on him . 
 `` 7a . 
 why on earth would you go to the junkyard ? 
 i would never leave something so important to be easily found . '' 
 `` ever heard of hiding in plain sight ? '' 
 `` that would not be hiding . '' 
 i sighed . 
 why did i even bother ? 
 `` you will have to deal with things as best you can . 
 everyone else is busy . 
 has the fbi left ? '' 
 `` not hardly . 
 he 's on the case . '' 
 nic snorted from behind me . 
 i did n't turn around . 
 `` you have told him all of your secrets ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` some . '' 
 `` have you no brains ? '' '' 
 you 're the one who started it , sir . '' 
 edward went silent . 
 he did that a lot when i was right . 
 `` i can not return to fairhaven just yet , '' he continued . 
 `` there is someone after me . '' 
 `` again ? '' 
 most of the monsters who 'd met edward face-to-face were ashes , but word still got around . 
 they 'd been sending assassins after him almost as long as he 'd been sending j ger-suchers after them . 
 i was n't sure if edward lived a charmed life , or if he was as good at killing and evading as he claimed . 
 i kind of thought it was both . 
 `` i need that research . '' 
 `` would you like me to send everything in a federal express packet ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shouted . 
 anyone could grab it then . 
 `` that is what i thought . '' 
 edward sounded smug . 
 `` you have everything with you ? '' 
 `` your formulas and serums could not be safer . '' 
 unless whoever was chasing him this time actually caught him . 
 then i might as well eat a silver bullet , before i started eating my way through the citizens . 
 `` i will be back before the full moon . '' 
 `` you swear ? '' 
 `` have i ever broken a promise , elise ? '' 
 as far as i knew , he 'd never made one . 
 before i could point this out , he hung up . 
 i could n't recall the man ever uttering the word good-bye , or hello for that matter . 
 nic was no longer in the hall . 
 i followed the sound of tapping into the kitchen and discovered him hunched over a laptop . 
 he still wore only his underwear . 
 was he trying to kill me ? 
 `` where 'd you get that ? '' 
 my voice was more shrill than i would have liked . 
 nic did n't seem to notice . 
 he did n't even look up when he answered . 
 `` i think it 's jessie 's . 
 i doubt will 's capable of leaving a computer behind . 
 i 've started an internet search on ghost wolves . '' 
 why had n't i thought of that ? 
 my gaze dipped to the flat , brown circle of his nipples surrounded by soft , curling dark hair . 
 why did i continue to ask such stupid questions ? 
 i listened to nic tap on the keys , as i shifted my eyes to the wall and my mind off his body . 
 a few moments later he grunted . 
 `` there 's an ojibwe legend about ghost wolves . 
 they 're called ` witchie wolves . ' '' 
 `` ojibwe , '' i murmured . 
 `` not much of a shock . '' 
 `` no , '' nic agreed , before he continued to read . 
 `` witchie wolves are said to protect an ancient burial ground on the eastern shore of lake huron . 
 i wonder if they can exist anywhere else . '' 
 he typed in a few more commands , then squinted at the screen . 
 `` huh . '' 
 `` let me guess . 
 they can ? '' 
 `` according to this , witchie wolves can be raised to protect the resting place of any ancient warrior against those who desecrate it . '' 
 he lifted his gaze . 
 together we muttered , `` grave desecrations . '' 
 `` let 's see if there 's an ancient warrior buried in fairhaven , '' nic murmured . 
 `` although i kind of think that there is . '' 
 i moved closer , leaning over him as he tried the computer again . 
 i caught the scent of his hair , my arm bumped the bare skin of his back . 
 he jumped , but he did n't jerk away , so i stayed where i was , pretending to watch the computer screen when all i could see was him . 
 the machine whirred . 
 `` i 'm not getting anything , '' he said . 
 `` with indian records that does n't mean much . 
 a lot of their history is oral . '' 
 he shot me a quick glance , and i swallowed a sudden burning in my throat . 
 that had sounded a bit suggestive . 
 i straightened so i was no longer pressed against his back , and coughed . 
 `` we need to talk to a townsperson , an elder . 
 probably lydia . '' 
 nic looked at the clock . 
 `` two in the morning . 
 i do n't think we 'll have much luck right now . '' 
 `` the doctor never got back to us about the second murder . '' 
 i did n't like that at all . 
 `` never heard from basil , either , '' i continued . 
 `` i 'm starting to think he 's avoiding us . '' 
 `` i guess we can ask about stray ojibwe warrior graves in the morning . 
 not like they 're going to move or anything . '' 
 `` true . '' 
 silence settled over the room , broken only by the waiting hum of the laptop . 
 `` uh , anything else ? '' 
 i flicked a finger at the computer . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 nic 's eyes were on my chest . 
 i 'm sure my nipples were hard and thrusting against the thin material of my shirt , as usual . 
 i really needed to buy a bra . 
 `` more info ? '' 
 i waved in front of his face . 
 `` oh . '' 
 nic cracked his knuckles . 
 `` let 's see . '' 
 clatter-tap-tap . 
 he sat back and waited . 
 `` i cross-referenced witchie wolves and werewolves . '' 
 i lifted my brows . 
 `` you 're really good at this . '' 
 `` among other things . '' 
 he surprised a laugh out of me . 
 i was even more surprised when he grinned in return . 
 but his smile faded quickly as the computer beeped . 
 he peered at the words . 
 `` you are n't going to believe this . '' 
 `` wan na bet ? '' 
 `` witchie wolves are considered werewolves because they were human once . '' 
 `` looks like the sheriff called in the right people after all . '' 
 `` human in life , they 're cursed to run as wolves in death , a transformation of sorts . '' 
 `` why are they cursed ? '' 
 `` does n't say , but - '' he tilted his head . 
 i could see an idea flickering to life in the same way answers spilled from the internet and onto the computer screen . 
 `` wan na share ? '' 
 i asked . 
 his gaze lifted to mine . 
 `` we 've got dead people and ghost wolves . '' 
 `` two dead people . '' 
 `` and a lot of missing ones who 've left blood behind . 
 considering the sheriff 's disappearing act ... you do the math . '' 
 `` you think our disappearing bodies are becoming witchie wolves ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' nic said . 
 `` i do . '' 
 i did , too . 
 but i was n't sure what we were going to do about it . 
 `` i 'll call lydia in the morning , '' nic continued . 
 `` ask if cora had a book on witchie wolves . '' 
 `` that would be a good place to start . '' 
 silence fell between us . 
 nic and i glanced at each other , then away . 
 now what ? 
 a whole night stretched in front of us with nothing much to do . 
 `` i 'll see you then . '' 
 he stood and practically ran out of the room . 
 at loose ends , i sat in front of the computer . 
 i accessed my credit card account , requested a replacement , and wrote down my number . 
 then i amused myself for an hour surfing the net and ordering new clothes . 
 jessie had left most of hers , and they 'd hold me over , but i 'd lost everything in the compound explosion . 
 sooner or later i 'd have to buy new . 
 why not now , if it kept me from going after nic and begging him to touch me ? 
 when that was done , i wandered the cabin . 
 no television . 
 what kind of place was this ? 
 vacation home . 
 still , what was more relaxing than tv ? 
 i glanced longingly down the hall toward nic 's room . 
 i could think of a few things . 
 eventually the boredom dragged on me and i yawned . 
 if i could fall asleep , morning would come so much quicker . 
 i stripped , then checked my wound , which was already nothing more than a small scab . 
 i 'd just reached for jessie 's sleep t-shirt when my door opened . 
 nic stood on the threshold . 
 i could n't fathom the expression in his eyes . 
 desire warred with fear , lust pushed at the boundaries of sadness . 
 he wanted me , though he should n't . 
 he longed for the past , yet feared the future . 
 and below everything i detected a smidgen of guilt , which was exactly what i had n't wanted him to feel . 
 none of this was his fault . 
 `` if you could have known what would happen to you , '' he murmured , `` you never would have spoken to me that first day . '' 
 i tilted my head . 
 the library at stanford . 
 he 'd dropped his book on my foot , then apologized so profusely , so sweetly , i 'd let him carry mine home . 
 we 'd spent the night talking , the dawn kissing , and from that moment on we 'd been together . 
 `` i would have talked to you even if i 'd known , '' i said quietly . 
 `` i could n't have stopped myself from loving you even if i 'd tried . '' 
 i still could n't . 
 `` having the memories of you kept me sane , nic . '' 
 when i 'd been in that cage and after , when i 'd lived in a stone compound with no one for company but guards and the likes of billy , i 'd taken out the memories , and i 'd found a little bit of peace . 
 he stepped into the room , still wearing nothing more than his boxers . 
 i clutched jessie 's t-shirt to my breasts . 
 he flicked off the light and darkness descended . 
 nevertheless , i could see him inching closer , and the scent of desire , of danger , wafted over me . 
 `` you make me insane , elise . 
 i should hate you , but i ca n't . 
 you should disgust me , but you do n't . '' 
 he stopped so close his erection brushed my belly . 
 i dropped the t-shirt , and when it draped over his penis instead of falling to the floor , he tossed the garment aside with a growl . 
 i took one step backward before he grabbed me , yanking me onto my toes . 
 `` i swore to myself i 'd never touch you this way again , but all i do is think about it . '' 
 `` me , too , '' i whispered . 
 `` i 've rationalized everything . 
 the horse is out of the barn . 
 no more virginity and you did n't go all demon on me . 
 ca n't get pregnant , no stds . 
 perfect world . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` or as perfect as it 's going to get now that i know all that lives in it . '' 
 `` nic - '' `` shut up . '' 
 his hands tightened . 
 i shut up . 
 he was angry . 
 what else was new ? 
 though there were times i missed the boy from stanford , i had to admit , this man excited me more . 
 he inched back , and his eyes glittered in the small amount of light from the hallway . 
 `` just sex , right ? 
 no strings . 
 when we 're through in fairhaven , we 're through . '' 
 though a part of me died at his words , i knew it had to be that way . 
 `` right . '' 
 his mouth met mine with both fury and passion . 
 the clench of his fingers on my arms would have caused a bruise in a normal woman . 
 one of these days i was really going to have to make him stop treating me like this . 
 but not today . 
 he captured my tongue with his teeth and tasted the end . 
 pleasure and pain at war , i clutched his shoulders and surrendered . 
 my fingers drifted across his bare chest . 
 his heart pounded first against my hand , then against my mouth . 
 i trailed my lips down to his belly until i encountered the waistband of his boxers , let my tongue slide beneath the material and tease just a bit before i yanked them away with a violence to match his own as my knees met the floor . 
 edging forward , i pressed a kiss to the inside of one leg . 
 his penis leaped against my cheek , and i turned , capturing the length of him in my mouth . 
 the heat , the strength , the taste drove me wild . 
 he wrapped my hair around his wrist and showed me the rhythm . 
 a little rough , i did n't mind . 
 knowing he could n't hurt me only excited me more . 
 my teeth scored the tip ; he hissed , then moaned , not pulling away , instead urging me closer . 
 pleasure , pain , so close , so different and yet the same . 
 i laved the tiny hurt with my tongue and got back to business . 
 i felt him growing , coming , and he pulled away , lifting me to my feet and melding his lips to mine . 
 he was frantic . 
 so was i . 
 our tongues tangled , our hands fluttered here and there , stroking , teasing , testing . 
 the curling strands of his chest hair seemed to scrape my sensitive nipples , but i rubbed myself against him anyway . 
 i had to have him inside of me or die of it . 
 `` now , '' i murmured . 
 he must have agreed that now was best , and the bed too far away , because he lifted me onto the dresser , stepped between my legs and drove home . 
 the chill of the wood at the base of my spine was a welcome contrast to the heat wherever we touched . 
 his palms at my hips , he pulled me closer . 
 his thumbs stroked my thighs , urging my knees wider , so he could travel deeper with every thrust . 
 the drawers rattled , the mirror thumped against the wall ; i found the sounds almost as arousing as the slide of his body into mine . 
 i was almost there . 
 i only needed a little something extra to shove me over the edge into orgasm . 
 he nuzzled my breasts , licked my nipple just once , then blew on the moist imprint left by his mouth . 
 my shudder of reaction caused me to tighten around him , the gentle yet intense movement inciting his release and fueling my own . 
 grasping his shoulders , i held on as together we came apart . 
 both energized and relaxed , i lost track of how long we stayed there , all tangled together on top of the furniture . 
 i felt so glorious . 
 how had i ever survived celibacy ? 
 of course , i had n't known what i was missing . 
 glancing down at his dark head against my pale skin , i touched the shorter length of his hair . 
 the shearing of the soft strands , combined with the specks of gray , reminded me that years had passed , wars had been fought - both in his world and my own - changing everything . 
 this was just sex , not love . 
 could never be love , and i had to remember that . 
 nic was going to leave , if i did n't leave first , and there was always the possibility one of us would die . 
 how was that for a cheery after-orgasm thought to ruin the mood ? 
 nic straightened . 
 the loss of his heat , the moist memory of his mouth , caused a shiver . 
 he moved away , his body leaving mine . 
 i suddenly felt exposed , naked , a little slutty . 
 the chill had returned to his eyes . 
 how could he look at me like that after what we 'd just shared ? 
 except this had n't been sharing but sex . 
 i 'd thought i could handle that , but maybe i 'd spoken too soon . 
 i loved him , so our being together meant something to me , even though it meant nothing , i meant nothing , to him . 
 i glanced at the bed , enjoyed a vision of cuddling close to nic 's side , my head on his shoulder , the sheets and bedspread creating a warm cocoon all around us . 
 but we had no dreams to share , no future to speak of . 
 getting in that bed would lead to one thing - several times . 
 i did n't think i could do it anymore . 
 i mean , i could , but i did n't want to . 
 wait - i wanted to , but i should n't . 
 every time we had sex , i remembered the love , the hope , the dreams , and i ached for what we 'd lost . 
 i might be a werewolf and a murderer , but i had feelings , too . 
 really . 
 i turned to tell nic we could never do this again , but he was gone . 
 his door closed and silence settled over the house . 
 i guess he 'd already decided the same thing . 
 i slept a bit , coming wide awake several hours later , with one thought . 
 the talisman was still at the junkyard . 
 throwing on jessie 's clothes , i cursed as i remembered i 'd split my tennis shoes the last time i 'd changed . 
 `` dumb , dumb , dumb . '' 
 at least the lack of them made it easier to sneak out . 
 i could have woken nic , taken him along , but why ? 
 he could n't help if i ran into ghost wolves , and in truth , i did n't want to see him right now . 
 just sex ? 
 sure . 
 but what were we going to do about the embarrassment that came from sharing bodies and not hearts ? 
 he 'd said when we were done in fairhaven , we 'd be done . 
 nic might not have a problem with that , but i would . 
 he was my first , and even if i did n't love him , such a thing would be hard for me to forget . 
 i hurried through the chilly darkness in bare feet . 
 no one was out this early , or was it late ? 
 lucky for me , because when i reached the junkyard i found something strange . 
 my stuff was gone - clothes , shoes , or what was left of them , and the talisman , too . 
 i 'd have thought the watchman cleaned up a bit , but - i glanced around at the tangle of metal . 
 really , why ? 
 i continued to search in larger and larger circles until i reached the damp earth at the edge of the grass . 
 there i found a footprint . 
 make that a paw print . 
 too big to be a dog - hell , too big to be a coyote ; too real to be that of a ghost wolf , unless they could become unghostly , too . 
 and would n't that be special ? 
 my neck prickled as a howl rose toward the sky . 
 the first i 'd heard in fairhaven , the call tempted me . 
 wolves howl for many reasons : to assemble the pack , warn of danger , locate one another , communicate . 
 each animal has his own pitch , and a pack can harmonize , making it seem as if there are twenty wolves , when there are only three or four . 
 what sounded like a lot from a distance could be a lot , or only a few . 
 but this was one , and that in itself was strange , considering the pack nature of both species . 
 which of the two was calling me now , i could n't say . 
 i 'd only be able to tell if i saw the beast up close . 
 a breeze swirled in from the west , lifting my hair , fluttering the ends ; my skin seemed to buzz . 
 embrace what you are . 
 i was getting a little tired of the wind being so chatty , however , i had no problem doing what it said . 
 lifting my face , i barely thought of the moon before i changed . 
 my clothes tore and fell away ; the night came at me like a lover , surrounding me , caressing me , making me his . 
 strong , free , in command , the change now brought power with none of the pain . 
 if edward or jessie were here , we 'd have trouble . 
 they would n't trust me . 
 they 'd want to kill me , or at least lock me up until they knew what was happening , and i had n't even told anyone about the voice yet . 
 the breeze brought not only a message , but the trace of another like me . 
 maybe just a witchie wolf or two , i could n't tell , but i followed the scent into the forest . 
 squirrels skittered out of my way and up the trees . 
 small furry things ran into the bushes with a screech . 
 because i was wolf first in this form , i became distracted by their movement , their smell , and i lost the trail . 
 retracing my path , i lifted my nose and sniffed . 
 nothing . 
 growling , i pawed the earth just as a crow swooped low , nearly clipping my ears with its wings . 
 wolves have been tracking crows for so long the behavior is ingrained in our dna . 
 one glance at the bird 's flight pattern , and i adjusted my direction . 
 a few hundred yards away , i stumbled on a ravine encircled by brambles . 
 from deep within came a moan . 
 was someone hurt ? 
 bitten ? 
 dying ? 
 bracing myself against the inevitable scrape of the thorns , i put my belly to the ground and crawled closer . 
 the earth tilted downward . 
 i continued to inch along , stopping at the edge of a culvert . 
 i heard voices along with the moans . 
 the latter had taken on a distinct tinge of pleasure , not pain . 
 i knew what i was going to see even before i stuck my muzzle over the edge . 
 bodies entwined on a soft bed of moss ; the moon flowed through the branches speckling the man 's skin with silver . 
 his buttocks tightened and released in an age-old rhythm as he pumped himself into the body of the woman beneath him . 
 her long , tanned legs wrapped around his back , tugging him closer . 
 fingernails digging into his shoulders , she urged him to greater speed . 
 when she left red welts on his skin , he emitted a rumble that was half growl , half purr . 
 the sound pulled at my belly , made my skin tingle and my fur stand on end . 
 i 'd never watched anyone have sex before - except in a movie . 
 i should n't be watching now . 
 carefully i inched away , but my claws freed a waterfall of stones and dirt down the side of the crevice . 
 the man and the woman froze . 
 i ducked my head against my paws , flattened my ears and tried to get small . 
 caw ! 
 caw , caw ! 
 i did n't dare lift my head , but the flutter of wings told me i 'd been saved by the crows , even before the man murmured , `` just a bird , baby . 
 do n't get distracted . '' 
 i knew that voice . 
 if i had n't been so interested in the mechanics of the act , i 'd have recognized his hair . 
 as it was , when i peeked again , the man had turned his face to the side , the better to nuzzle his partner 's breast . 
 the scar that bisected his cheek was a dead giveaway . 
 no wonder the deputy had n't returned to fairhaven . 
 basil moore was otherwise occupied . 
 i craned my neck higher as the rhythmic thud of flesh on flesh and the accompanying moans recommenced . 
 the woman now had her ankles crossed behind basil 's neck . 
 i tilted my head . 
 she must take yoga . 
 basil lowered his face to her breast again , tongue flicking one nipple , before he took it in his teeth and tugged . 
 the woman arched , cried out , and he stiffened , yanking her body against his and slamming into her one last time . 
 i shuffled backward , uncaring if they heard me now . 
 i doubted they 'd give chase . 
 even if they did , i could definitely outrun them . 
 besides , i 'd seen too much . 
 not only basil , naked , but his partner , too . 
 lydia kopway . 
 the crows flew off . 
 i was on my own as i attempted to pick up the stray werewolf scent again , even as my mind mulled over what i 'd observed . 
 why had lydia and basil been doing it in the woods when they had a perfectly good house for such things ? 
 why did their liaison bother me ? 
 they were young , attractive , single , as far as i knew . 
 maybe they had an outdoor-sex fetish - there were worse things . 
 nose to the sky , i gave a snort of annoyance . 
 the scent i 'd tracked was gone . 
 frustrated , i headed for the cabin . 
 taking the long way , i skirted the woods , hugging the shadows . 
 what was it about the deputy and lydia that kept nagging at me ? 
 merely embarrassment at observing a private moment , even when that moment had been performed in public ? 
 or something else ? 
 on the back porch i had no choice but to change , unless i wanted to scratch at the door and wait for nic to let me in . 
 not . 
 i imagined myself a woman , and i was . 
 turning the doorknob , i slipped into the cabin , then into the bathroom , just as it hit me . 
 according to both will and my own observations , basil did n't like indians . 
 but if that was true , why was he screwing one ? 
 a puzzle : maybe nothing more than a bigot who made himself feel superior by sleeping with those he considered inferior . 
 however , i did n't think lydia was the type of woman to give someone who looked down on her a minute of her time . 
 she definitely would n't allow him free use of her body . 
 of course , i hardly knew her , or him . 
 i could be wrong about them both . 
 footsteps sounded in the hall . 
 i wrapped a towel around me just as nic appeared in the doorway . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 he asked . 
 my feet were grubby , my fingernails , too . 
 i 'm sure there were leaves in my hair and quickly healing bramble scratches all over my body . 
 did i really have to answer that question ? 
 i tilted my head and saw comprehension dawn in his eyes . 
 `` oh . 
 why ? '' 
 i filled him in on my excursion , the loss of the talisman , the werewolf scent that came and went , and the free porn in the forest . 
 `` you watched ? '' 
 `` i was stuck . '' 
 `` i bet . '' 
 he inched closer and pulled a leaf from my hair . 
 `` did you like it ? '' 
 my gaze lifted to his . 
 `` not exactly . '' 
 `` liar , '' he whispered , and kissed me . 
 my skin still buzzing from the change , my body aroused from the power and the real-life adult video in the woods , i let him . 
 hell , i let him do a lot more than kiss me . 
 what had happened to `` never again '' ? 
 the vow flew out the window the instant nic touched me . 
 my back against the wall , my legs around his waist , his body again buried deep in mine , i came screaming . 
 i was n't going to be able to give him up . 
 i was addicted . 
 this time , instead of leaving me alone without a word or a even a kiss , nic brushed my brow with his lips and turned on the shower . 
 `` who do you think has the talisman ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no idea . 
 the junkman could have thrown my clothes into the incinerator . '' 
 he glanced over his shoulder . 
 `` but you do n't think so ? '' 
 `` it 's a junkyard . 
 why clean up ? '' 
 `` true . '' 
 `` i do n't like not knowing where the icon is , '' i said , `` but i do n't need it anymore , and , according to will , the thing should n't work for anyone but me . '' 
 `` he 's sure about that ? '' 
 `` as sure as you can be with magic . '' 
 nic nodded , as if he discussed magic every day . 
 he was fitting amazingly well into my world , which should be disturbing but was n't . 
 `` we need to talk to the me , '' he continued . 
 `` and basil , if we can find him . '' 
 `` i do n't know if i can look the man in the face . '' 
 `` you 're gon na have to . '' 
 he offered me first dibs on the shower with a lift of his brow . 
 i shook my head , as i wrapped the towel around my body . 
 despite the steamy heat filling the room , i was chilled . 
 losing my fur always had that effect . 
 `` you think you smelled ghost wolves ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` maybe . 
 probably . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 `` i left a message for lydia asking if she had a book on witchie wolves . '' 
 `` is n't it awful early to be calling people ? '' 
 `` i woke up and you were gone . '' 
 he went silent for a minute and i frowned , wondering if he 'd thought i 'd left . 
 if he 'd cared . 
 had that been what the sex , the kiss , the gentleness had been about ? 
 he did n't want me to leave any more than i wanted him to ? 
 at least not yet . 
 i could n't ask , could n't take the risk that he 'd laugh and walk away . 
 i still needed him . 
 not only for the sex but for the job . 
 i was n't up to solving this case by myself . 
 `` i wanted something to do , '' he continued . 
 `` so i called lydia . 
 but she was n't there . '' 
 `` obviously . '' 
 nic shut off the shower and whipped open the curtain . 
 any other words that might have come to my lips died at the sight of his body streaming with water . 
 his muscles appeared bigger , polished and smooth , the curls that covered his chest , his legs , his genitals , had darkened . 
 with his hair slicked away from his face , he seemed younger , again the boy i remembered , the one i 'd lusted after so completely . 
 i wanted him all over again . 
 hell , i wanted him all over me . 
 nic grabbed a towel , started rubbing himself down , which only excited me more . 
 turning away , i grabbed my toothbrush , then forgot what i was supposed to do with it . 
 `` we need to get moving . '' 
 nic handed me the toothpaste . 
 `` sun 's up . 
 day 's a-wasting . '' 
 i nodded and climbed into the shower , taking the toothbrush with me . 
 the air of domesticity - sharing a bathroom , a shower , the toothpaste - was both disturbing and comforting . 
 which would i miss more , the sharing of our bodies or the sharing of everything else ? 
 that i could n't decide was more upsetting than the decision itself . 
 half an hour later , nic and i strolled along midtown road . 
 we checked the sheriff 's office - no basil , no kidding - then headed for the clinic . 
 the door was n't locked . 
 nic walked in first . 
 practically on his heels , i smelled it right away . 
 fresh blood . 
 i shoved nic to the ground , nearly ran over his back . 
 `` what the hell , elise ? '' 
 `` stay down , '' i shouted , and the rear door slammed open as someone ran out . 
 i followed , taking note of a dead dr. watchry as i went past . 
 one step outside and a brick landed on my head . 
 or at least that was what it felt like . 
 i fell to my knees , then onto my face . 
 by the time i glanced up , the assailant was gone and nic was there . 
 `` person or werewolf ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` daytime . '' 
 `` which only means a person at the moment . '' 
 he was catching on . 
 to discern a werewolf in human form i had to touch them , and they had n't waited around long enough for me to get a good grip . 
 i was n't thinking clearly . 
 i blamed the brick in the head . 
 nic helped me sit up , touched the knot on the back of my head , mumbling , `` sorry , '' when i winced . 
 `` man ? 
 woman ? '' 
 nic lifted me to my feet , and i wobbled . 
 `` no clue . '' 
 i put my fingers to the throbbing ache , and they came away wet with blood . 
 `` we should probably get that stitched , '' he said . 
 `` by who ? 
 the damn doctor 's dead . '' 
 which really pissed me off . 
 i liked dr. watchry . 
 he 'd called me `` sweet child . '' 
 `` unless he hit me with a silver brick , i 'll heal fine on my own . '' 
 nic picked up a fist-sized rock lying near the building and shrugged . 
 `` you 're safe . '' 
 `` swell . '' 
 `` come inside , '' he murmured . 
 `` we should n't be out in the open right now . '' 
 `` if he wanted me dead , he 'd have shot me with silver . '' 
 which meant this assailant and the one in montana were not the same . 
 yippee . 
 `` he ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` i thought you did n't see anyone . '' 
 `` he , she , it . 
 whatever . 
 let 's get inside . '' 
 `` try to be nice to someone and they bite your head off , '' he muttered . 
 `` watch it or i will . '' 
 nic actually laughed . 
 was he getting used to what i was ? 
 how could he , when i was n't ? 
 he tugged me into the clinic , slammed then locked the door . 
 i collapsed on a stool next to the work station . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` i 'm going to take a look at him . '' 
 i nodded , then regretted the movement as agony sliced through my brain . 
 nic knelt next to the doctor , checked his pulse , then sighed . 
 `` how did he die ? '' 
 i wondered . 
 `` skull bashed in . 
 assailant probably had the same thought for you , except your head 's too hard . '' 
 `` ha-ha . 
 is there a bite mark ? '' 
 nic stood and found a pair of gloves . 
 snapping them into place , he proceeded to search . 
 my eyes were caught by the microscope nearby . 
 the doctor appeared to have been using it recently - perhaps when he died - since there was a slide on the stage . 
 i inched closer and read his notes . 
 `` there was a bite mark on the doctor 's receptionist , too . '' 
 i leaned closer and read a notation to the side . 
 `` body stolen , like the sheriff 's . '' 
 nic grunted as he continued to check the doctor for evidence . 
 `` according to dr. watchry the same set of teeth was used for both bites . '' 
 `` we kind of figured that , '' he said . 
 according to the notes , the slide held a saliva sample from the bite mark on sheriff stephenson . 
 curious , i peered through the lens . 
 at first i merely stared , then i lifted my head , blinked , rubbed my eyes and tried again . 
 the specimen on the slide remained the same . 
 `` nic , '' i murmured . 
 `` give me a minute . 
 he 's dead weight . '' 
 `` nic ! '' 
 he heard the urgency and stopped what he was doing to join me . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` the slide . '' 
 i pointed at the microscope , but i could n't force the words from my mouth . 
 he squinted into the lens , then shrugged . 
 `` means nothing to me . '' 
 `` this is saliva from stephenson 's bite . 
 i 've seen it before . '' 
 nic 's gaze sharpened . 
 `` you know who the sample belongs to ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but - '' `` where did you see it ? '' 
 `` in my lab . '' 
 `` the bite mark is human . 
 how can that be werewolf saliva ? '' 
 `` it is n't . '' 
 `` explain . 
 slowly . 
 for those of us without the doctorate . '' 
 `` when a person is bitten their chemistry changes . 
 even when they 're human , they 're different . '' 
 nic stared at me , and i could see from the tightening of his mouth that he knew what i was going to say before i said it . 
 `` the sample on that slide is from a werewolf in human form . '' 
 `` you ca n't tell whose saliva that is ? '' 
 nic flicked a finger toward the microscope . 
 `` only if i 'd seen it before and i had my notes . 
 but really , what are the odds that one of those i 've examined has turned up here ? '' 
 `` pretty damn slim , '' he agreed . 
 sure , the werewolves in the basement could be free , but they 'd also been locked up when the disappearances began . 
 `` did the doctor have a bite mark ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` no . 
 which leads me to believe the making of a witchie wolf involves the bite of a werewolf in human form , '' nic said . 
 `` how about you ? '' 
 i contemplated the body , which was still quite visible . 
 `` i 'm thinking that , too . '' 
 `` we still do n't know why . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` maybe lydia will find a book , and it will explain everything . '' 
 `` including how to get rid of them . '' 
 `` would n't that be nice ? '' 
 `` mmm , '' i murmured , still staring at the doctor . 
 `` do you think he was killed because he was on to something ? '' 
 `` if the bad guy meant to keep his identity a secret , why leave the evidence behind ? '' 
 `` we interrupted him . '' 
 i reached out and plucked the slide from the stage and the notebook from the table . 
 `` just in case . '' 
 `` maybe i should send that stuff to the crime lab . 
 free service for all u.s. law enforcement agencies . '' 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 `` but - '' `` can you imagine what would happen if a government scientist got a gander at the saliva of a werewolf in human form ? '' 
 `` i doubt he 'd know what it was . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 so what good would showing him do ? '' 
 `` none . '' 
 nic sighed . 
 `` and then we 'd have fbi all over the place , asking questions . '' 
 `` getting eaten by werewolves they did n't know about . '' 
 `` chaos . 
 i see your point . '' 
 `` we should just handle this on our own as we 've been doing . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 nic glanced at the doctor . 
 `` we 'll need to get someone to take care of the body . 
 leaving it here is n't practical . '' 
 `` damn , '' i muttered . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 i waved a hand at dr. watchry . 
 `` i 'm not used to this . '' 
 `` death ? '' 
 no , that i was used to . 
 `` people i 've just met , and liked , getting killed the minute i turn my back . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 understanding spread across his face . 
 `` happens . '' 
 `` how do you stand it ? '' 
 `` by pushing aside useless emotion and focusing on what 's important . '' 
 `` important ? '' 
 my voice rose several levels in pitch and volume . 
 `` what could be more important than someone 's murder ? '' 
 `` finding the one who killed them and making them pay . '' 
 all the righteous indignation went out of me like the air out of a popped balloon . 
 `` okay . '' 
 nic smiled . 
 `` we 'll handle this . '' 
 unspoken was the word together , but i heard it nevertheless . 
 `` let 's find basil , '' i said . 
 `` tell him about the doctor 's death . '' 
 `` and ask him about stray ojibwe warrior graves . 
 i could also use a list of the missing . 
 any connection between them could give us a clue . '' 
 thoughts like those were why i kept him around . 
 my gaze wandered over the biceps that stretched the seams of his t-shirt . 
 among other things . 
 we locked the clinic behind us - did n't need any citizens stumbling over the body - then headed for the sheriff 's office . 
 the place was still empty . 
 nic strode over to the desk and started rooting through the paperwork . 
 `` hey , can you do that ? '' 
 `` i 'm a fed . 
 i can do anything . '' 
 `` thinking like that is usually what gets you guys in trouble . '' 
 he ignored me . 
 i had to say i found his take-charge attitude attractive . 
 what did n't i find attractive about him lately ? 
 `` ah-ha ! '' 
 he held up a sheet of paper . 
 `` list of missing persons . '' 
 a quick glance around the room , and he located a xerox machine , made a copy , and slipped the original back into the file . 
 `` he 'll never know i was here . '' 
 i opened my mouth to ask why all the secrecy , and the door burst open . 
 both nic and i turned in that direction with welcoming smiles , which froze on our faces when we did n't recognize the man who ran inside . 
 i 'd seen a few survivalists in montana . 
 this guy must have been one of their friends . 
 beard , long hair , jeans , boots , and a flannel shirt . 
 he was young , perhaps twenty-five , no more than thirty . 
 might even have been handsome without all the hair and the dirt . 
 `` i need the sheriff , '' he announced . 
 `` the dead one or the new one ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` basil '' `` not here . '' 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` fbi . '' 
 an expression of relief filled his eyes . 
 `` i found a body . '' 
 hell . 
 another one ? 
 nic grabbed a pencil and a sheet of paper . 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` out on the old highway . 
 anderson homestead . '' 
 nic and i exchanged glances . 
 `` where sheriff stephenson 's body was found ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 exactly where his body was found . '' 
 `` a second body ? 
 left in the same place . '' 
 `` not left . 
 the grave was dug up . '' 
 `` grave desecration , '' i muttered , and smacked myself in the forehead . 
 my only excuse for not seeing the connection earlier was that i 'd been focused on finding an ojibwe warrior 's grave , not that i would have known what one looked like even if i 'd seen it . 
 `` what ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` the reason the sheriff was at the old anderson place was that there 'd been a report of a grave desecration . '' 
 i turned toward the mountain man . 
 `` but we did n't see anything disturbed . '' 
 `` there is now . 
 from the paw prints in the dirt , i 'd say dogs . '' 
 maybe . 
 but doubtful . 
 `` they probably could n't help themselves , '' he continued . 
 `` the body was pretty fresh . '' 
 the room went silent . 
 `` you mean skeleton , '' nic said . 
 `` no . 
 definitely a body . 
 newly dead . 
 i 'd say no more than a week or two . '' 
 `` could you guess at a cause of death ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` i 'm thinking the large , gaping knife wound at the throat had something to do with it . '' 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 `` i 've seen a few . '' 
 nic and i exchanged glances again . 
 i really did n't want to know where this guy had seen death by knife wound to the throat . 
 `` we need to get another me from ... anywhere , '' nic muttered . 
 `` we have to find out who was in the grave . '' 
 `` a woman , '' mountain man stated in a dry , clinical tone . 
 `` native american . 
 pretty old . '' 
 `` hell ! '' 
 nic muttered at the same time i kicked the desk . 
 mountain man stared at us as if we 'd lost our minds . 
 `` uh , yeah . 
 thanks for coming by . '' 
 nic ushered him to the door . 
 `` we 'll send someone out as soon as - '' `` we find someone , '' i said . 
 nic closed the door and turned to me . 
 `` i guess an ojibwe warrior is n't necessarily a man . '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm betting it 's cora . '' 
 `` lydia said she passed away . '' 
 there 'd been no mention of throat cutting - an item that would have topped my list in any conversation about a dead grandmother . 
 `` lydia said a lot of things , '' i pointed out . 
 `` we 'd better talk to her . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 gramma passing away is a whole lot different than gramma getting her throat slit and being buried in the woods . '' 
 `` why would dr. watchry insist there 'd never been a murder in fairhaven ? '' 
 `` perhaps cora did n't die in fairhaven . '' 
 `` who knows anymore ? '' 
 `` did you get a read on lydia ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` she seemed nice enough . '' 
 `` i meant , did you bump against her when you passed or at least shake her hand ? '' 
 `` you think she 's a - '' `` someone is . '' 
 i went over the meeting with lydia in my mind . 
 `` i never touched her . 
 never thought to . '' 
 nic 's face hardened . 
 `` let 's go touch her now . '' 
 `` that was a bust , '' i muttered . 
 we 'd gone to lydia 's without calling first - no reason to give her a heads-up - but she had n't been there . 
 so we 'd driven to the crime scene . 
 mountain man 's description had been correct . 
 ancient native american woman with a throat wound . 
 lots of paw prints . 
 but not from a dog . 
 there were also old bones mixed in with the earth , which led us to believe the grave had not been cora 's originally . 
 had she even been there when the sheriff was killed ? 
 had he been killed because he found her ? 
 hard to say . 
 nic spent a lot of time on his cell phone asking hypothetical questions of fbi contacts . 
 he 'd even managed to get a hold of basil once . 
 the new sheriff promised to find another me , somewhere , and send him to the crime scene . 
 he also promised to send someone to deal with the doctor 's body . 
 then as soon as nic got to the interesting questions - bam - basil 's cell phone went out . 
 when nic tried to call him again , all he got was a busy signal . 
 we drove into fairhaven as night threatened . 
 a car was parked in front of the cabin . 
 i caught sight of lydia walking around the far side of the building . 
 `` looks like she got your message , '' i said , as we followed . 
 `` miss kopway , '' i greeted , just as she knocked on the back door . 
 `` nice to see you again . '' 
 `` oh ! 
 i went to the front , but no one answered , so - '' she shrugged . 
 nic and i climbed the porch and i offered my hand . 
 her gaze lowered and she smiled , then gave me hers . 
 1 braced myself for the pain . 
 nic slowly reached for his gun . 
 our skin touched and - nothing . 
 i frowned and glanced at nic . 
 `` is something the matter ? '' 
 lydia asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 i tucked my hand into my pocket . 
 `` everything 's great . 
 so how did your grandmother die ? '' 
 nic choked , then turned the sound into a cough . 
 lydia stared at me as if i 'd just belched in church . 
 you 'd think i was jessie the way i blurted things out . 
 `` my grandmother was murdered in her own home by an unknown assailant . '' 
 lydia took a deep breath that shook in the middle . 
 `` she never hurt anyone . 
 why would someone hurt her ? '' 
 nic gave me a quelling glare , then set his hand on lydia 's shoulder . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 how was she killed ? '' 
 lydia , who had been staring at the ground , slowly lifted her gaze to mine . 
 `` her throat was slit . '' 
 bingo , i thought . 
 but i kept my mouth shut . 
 `` i had her buried behind the cottage , '' lydia continued . 
 `` that was what she wanted . 
 but then someone took the body . 
 i heard the same thing 's been happening in fairhaven . '' 
 `` mmm , '' i said noncommittally . 
 cora had n't truly disappeared as the others had . 
 but did lydia , or anyone else , know that ? 
 `` does the fbi have any new information on my grandmother 's killer ? '' 
 `` not really , '' nic answered . 
 `` but we 're trying to cover every angle . '' 
 `` you 'll let me know if you discover anything ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 i surmised we were keeping the recovery of gramma 's body to ourselves . 
 probably not a bad idea considering we did n't know what was going on , who was lying and who was not . 
 lydia handed nic the book she 'd brought . 
 `` what 's your interest in witchie wolves ? 
 they are n't a common legend . '' 
 `` no ? '' 
 i asked . 
 she glanced at me . 
 `` they exist on the shores of lake huron , protecting the graves of the warriors buried there . '' 
 we already knew that , so i did n't comment . 
 `` obscure mythology is one of my hobbies , '' nic said . 
 `` like the professor ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` i just found it odd that you would ask about witchies when i had another request for the same information not so long ago . '' 
 both nic and i stilled . 
 `` who ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` the deputy . 
 well , i guess he 's the sheriff now . '' 
 `` basil ? '' 
 `` yes , that 's the one , '' she said , as if she did n't know him . 
 `` you two are friends ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not really . 
 he had questions ; i had grandmother 's library . 
 i just found it strange that the deputy would be interested in an obscure ojibwe legend when i hear he 's been extremely uninterested in ojibwes for most of his life . '' 
 he had n't appeared too uninterested from my point of view , but i did n't want to bring that up . 
 the book incident at least explained how the two of them had met . 
 more than that , i probably did n't want to hear . 
 `` i 'd better get back , '' lydia said . 
 `` nice seeing you two again . 
 keep the book as long as you like . '' 
 we made the appropriate bye-bye noises , waiting until her car pulled away before we spoke . 
 `` she 's lying , '' nic murmured . 
 `` you think ? '' 
 his eyes narrowed at my sarcasm , but he chose not to comment . 
 on that at least . 
 `` although , i have to say , if my grandmother was murdered in such an ugly way , i would n't want to discuss it , either . 
 dead is dead . '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 he blinked . 
 `` no ? '' 
 i was having a hard time remembering what nic knew and what he did n't about my world . 
 edward had given him the basics , but what , to edward , was basic ? 
 `` if a werewolf bites but does n't eat , new werewolf within twenty-four hours . '' 
 `` what if the victim dies ? '' 
 `` then things get ugly . 
 the dead rise , people start screaming , the tabloids show up . 
 messy . 
 that 's why it 's our policy to shoot the bitten with silver , even if the body is n't breathing . '' 
 `` thanks for the tip . '' 
 `` anytime . '' 
 `` what about basil ? '' 
 nic murmured . 
 `` why did lydia pretend she did n't know him ? '' 
 `` maybe she 's embarrassed . '' 
 `` or he is . '' 
 the wind stirred my hair , and a slight sound made me glance toward the woods . 
 i caught the glint of the moon on metal . 
 `` get down ! '' 
 i shouted a millisecond before the crack of a gunshot . 
 a bullet passed through the air where my head had been , then thunked into the side of the cabin . 
 i was getting really sick of being shot at . 
 i waited for more gunfire ; instead i heard the thudding retreat of footsteps . 
 nic started to rise , gun in hand , and i yanked him back down . 
 `` i 'll go . '' 
 before he could argue , i moved to the edge of the porch , thought of the moon , and shifted . 
 the scent of werewolf invaded my nose , and i leaped from the steps , then raced into the woods . 
 the aroma tickled the edge of my brain . 
 i was n't certain if it was just the smell of werewolf that was familiar or this particular werewolf . 
 even so , i could n't get a fix on the identity . 
 i did n't get very far before the scent of death overpowered that of wolf . 
 i nearly stumbled over basil 's body . 
 his eyes stared sightlessly at the sky . 
 most of his throat was missing . 
 i growled low - a sound of both warning and unease . 
 who had done this ? 
 lifting my nose to the night , i howled , waiting for an answer , getting none . 
 the smell of werewolf was all around basil . 
 a trail led into the forest , growing fainter and fainter , then disappearing altogether . 
 when i heard nic calling me , i hurried back . 
 i did n't want him unprotected beneath the moon while an unknown werewolf roamed . 
 i burst through the foliage on one side just as nic did on the other . 
 his gaze went from the mutilated body to me , and he lifted his brow . 
 i shook my head and pawed the earth . 
 `` that 's what they all say . '' 
 nic tossed a blanket behind a bush . 
 `` thought you might need that . '' 
 i took advantage of the gift and the foliage , changing with the swiftness that now seemed to be mine for good , then i wrapped myself in the sarong and returned to the clearing . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 nic was already examining the body . 
 `` there was another werewolf . '' 
 he lifted his gaze . 
 `` no human bite mark . 
 maybe he did n't have time to shift back and finish the job . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i murmured . 
 `` first rule of a murder investigation , '' nic recited . 
 `` extreme violence , injury to the face or the throat equals personal . '' 
 `` which brings us back to lydia . 
 boffing basil . 
 mighty personal . '' 
 `` lydia is n't a werewolf . '' 
 `` maybe she was sleeping with one . '' 
 `` two-timing basil with a lycanthrope ? '' 
 `` she might not know that , '' i said . 
 `` we 'll have to talk with her again . '' 
 nic sighed . 
 `` and now we 've got another body . 
 i do n't know who to call anymore . '' 
 `` how about the mayor ? '' 
 i suggested . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 nic threw up his hands . 
 we headed back to the cabin and nic opened the door . 
 i hung back , frowning at the bullet hole that had plowed into a log . 
 `` why would basil shoot at you ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` a better question '' - i reached out , yanking my fingers away when they burned - `` is why would he shoot at me with silver ? '' 
 nic blinked . 
 `` he did ? '' 
 i nodded , thinking . 
 could basil be - `` the traitor . '' 
 `` what traitor ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 quickly i filled him in on what had been , a few days ago , my biggest problem next to billy . 
 `` someone 's been selling information ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 although i do n't know how they could have found out about me . 
 no one knows but edward , and there certainly are n't any personal records with the box ` werewolf checked . '' 
 `` more people than edward know . '' 
 `` you . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` you would n't . '' 
 `` you 're very trusting , elise . '' 
 i tilted my head . 
 `` but you 're right . 
 i would n't , even if i knew who to sell you to . 
 but what about the others ? '' 
 `` others ? '' 
 `` jessie , will , leigh , damien . '' 
 `` they 'd never - '' `` you 're sure ? '' 
 i did n't even have to think about it . 
 `` yes . '' 
 they might not understand me . 
 they might not even like me . 
 but j ger-suchers stuck together . 
 we had no one else . '' 
 someone sold you out . '' 
 `` not necessarily , '' i said . 
 `` maybe basil just knew there were werewolves , so he loaded his gun with silver bullets . 
 they work on anything . '' 
 `` but why shoot at you ? 
 what did you ever do to him ? '' 
 `` there is no telling , '' a voice murmured . 
 i did n't jump , or gasp , or spin around . 
 i knew that voice as well as i knew my own . 
 edward was back . 
 `` perhaps you killed someone dear to him - by accident or design . '' 
 edward stepped out of the cabin . 
 nic backed up , putting himself between me and my boss . 
 `` when did you get here , sir ? '' 
 `` not very long ago . 
 imagine my surprise to hear gunshots , find out that once again , strangers are shooting at you with silver . 
 are there no secrets anymore ? '' 
 `` apparently not . 
 i see you managed to escape from the latest round of people who were trying to kill you . '' 
 `` escape makes it sound as if i were running away . 
 i ran to them and now they are ... gone . '' 
 i knew what gone meant , so i let the matter drop . 
 edward 's gaze wandered from the top of my wild and tousled head , past the sarong blanket , down to my dirty toes . 
 he said nothing , but i felt his censure just the same . 
 edward turned to nic . 
 `` why are you still here ? '' 
 `` we 've been working together , '' i said . 
 `` is that what they call it nowadays ? '' 
 nic 's hands curled into fists . 
 i touched his shoulder and slowly his fingers relaxed . 
 edward saw the interaction and scowled . 
 he believed that the fewer attachments j ger-suchers had , the less they had to lose . 
 and a person with little to lose was much more dangerous than one who had everything . 
 that he allowed jessie and will , damien and leigh , to work together , to be together , meant he was softening . 
 and the idea that this man was a softer version of the one he 'd always been was a frightening thought , indeed . 
 `` now that i am back '' - edward gave nic a hard stare - `` you can go away . '' 
 `` we already played that tune , mandenauer . 
 i 'm not leaving . '' 
 `` just because elise has shown extremely bad judgment in letting her personal feelings interfere with her job does not mean that i will . '' 
 edward stalked into the cabin . 
 nic followed , ignoring me when i plucked at his sleeve . 
 `` should n't we go see lydia ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` soon . '' 
 nic sounded distracted . 
 i had no choice but to trail them both into the living room where edward turned to me . 
 `` make him go away or i will . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 i jiggled my ear . 
 `` time warp . 
 we 're having the same conversation twice . '' 
 `` sarcasm does not become you , elise . '' 
 huh , and i thought i was getting the hang of it , too . 
 `` we will not have the same conversation , either . '' 
 he lifted a yellowed brow . 
 `` what more can you tell me ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` she 's a werewolf . 
 i do n't care . '' 
 i glanced at him in shock . 
 `` you do n't ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'm getting used to it . '' 
 `` she has not told you of her other hobby . '' 
 i stilled . 
 nic might not care that i was a werewolf , but i doubted he could as easily forgive my being a murderer . 
 `` you have to go , '' i blurted . 
 nic merely rolled his eyes . 
 `` that list of names ? '' 
 edward murmured . 
 `` she killed every one of them . '' 
 instead of drawing his gun and arresting me , nic merely appeared resigned . 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he nodded slowly . 
 `` you 're not just his right-hand woman , you 're an assassin . 
 and a damned clever one , since you 're freaking hard to kill . '' 
 i did n't bother to answer what had n't been a question . 
 `` you do not seem upset , agent franklin . 
 you are not horrified to discover you have been sleeping with a killer ? '' 
 `` the people on that list were monsters , '' he said . 
 `` the world is a much better place without them in it . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 i was n't sure what to say . 
 `` such an attitude for a law enforcement officer . '' 
 edward tsk-tsked . 
 `` sue me . '' 
 nic kept his gaze on my face . 
 `` he sent you after them on the nights of the full moon , did n't he ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` he 's using you . '' 
 `` it 's all right . '' 
 `` it is n't . 
 killing upsets you . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes , tilted his head . 
 `` a lot more than it 's ever upset me . '' 
 the travesties i 'd read about in edward 's dossiers ... rapists , serial killers , child molesters , scientists experimenting with new ways to birth ancient horrors - both monsters and monster makers . 
 they 'd have given me nightmares if i had n't ended their existence myself . 
 hell , they did anyway . 
 nevertheless - `` who are we to play god ? '' 
 i murmured . 
 `` better us than mengele , '' edward snapped . 
 `` or another like him . '' 
 `` he has a point , '' nic agreed . 
 instead of being thankful for the support , edward merely scowled . 
 `` i am going to take care of the latest body in the woods . '' 
 he slammed out of the cabin . 
 nic crossed the room , pausing right in front of me . 
 i tensed , not exactly sure what he planned to say or do . 
 though he had n't flipped out at the news i was an assassin , as well as a werewolf , that did n't mean he would n't . 
 nic was an fbi agent ; he should arrest me . 
 or have someone else do it . 
 instead , he leaned down and softly pressed his lips to mine . 
 the embrace was completely different from most of those we 'd shared since he 'd walked back into my life . 
 on almost every occasion he 'd been angry with me , furious at himself for wanting me . 
 so what was the matter with him now ? 
 nic lifted his head . 
 `` i was scared . '' 
 `` of me ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he straightened . 
 `` never . '' 
 `` never ? 
 you 're not as bright as you look . '' 
 his lips tightened . 
 `` do n't try to push me away , elise . 
 i know all there is to know about you , and i do n't give a flying fuck . '' 
 he was mad again . 
 i could n't win . 
 `` what exactly is a flying fuck ? '' 
 nic made an annoyed sound , pushing past me and into my bedroom . 
 i stood in the living room alone for a minute , then followed . 
 a box lay on my bed . 
 a glance at the label revealed the clothes i 'd ordered online had arrived . 
 the only way for that to happen so fast was if edward had made some calls . 
 i did n't bother to wonder how he 'd known about the order . 
 edward knew everything . 
 nic plucked at the tape on the box . 
 `` that bullet barely missed your head . '' 
 `` oh , '' i said , as understanding dawned . 
 `` you did n't seem scared . '' 
 `` i 'll let you in on one of my secrets . '' 
 his eyes met mine . 
 `` when i seem the least scared ? 
 i 'm terrified . '' 
 his gaze returned to the box . 
 `` i know everything now , do n't i ? '' 
 he did n't know i still loved him - always had , probably always would - but i planned to keep that to myself . 
 as previously noted , i was brighter than i looked . 
 `` i think you 've heard all the secrets , '' i said . 
 `` yep . '' 
 the box popped open and brightly colored clothes tumbled out . 
 i snatched up a fuzzy sweater in neon green and a pair of bright blue sweatpants . 
 had i ordered items so vibrant ? 
 they were so unlike me - or maybe they were perfect for a new me . 
 i dropped the blanket and got dressed without concern for my nakedness . 
 the wild , tangled length of my hair cascaded down my back , brushing the swell of my rear . 
 i had n't braided the strands since leaving montana . 
 i was n't the woman i 'd been at the compound , and i was glad . 
 i 'd been hiding inside those stone walls , hating what i was , constructing a life that was n't really a life . 
 in fairhaven i 'd been almost happy and that was strange . 
 people were dying ; i 'd stopped fighting my werewolf nature , pretty much embracing it , inching closer to the beast and further from the woman , and nic did n't seem to care . 
 `` you are n't scared i might tear out your throat when you are n't paying attention ? '' 
 i asked . 
 nic picked up a lock of my hair and tugged . 
 `` should i be ? '' 
 hell . 
 there was one more secret i 'd neglected to tell , not only to him but to anyone . 
 `` i heard a voice , '' i said . 
 `` just now ? '' 
 he glanced around the room with a frown . 
 `` no . 
 on the wind . '' 
 `` what was it telling you to do ? '' 
 `` give in to the power . 
 embrace what you are and discover the secret you seek . '' 
 `` does n't sound like bad advice , '' nic murmured . 
 `` unless satan 's giving it to me . '' 
 nic lifted a brow . 
 `` you really think satan 's speaking to you ? '' 
 `` stranger things have happened . '' 
 `` i 'll have to take your word on that . '' 
 `` i 'm stronger since i came here . '' 
 `` because of the talisman ? '' 
 `` no . 
 yes . '' 
 i threw up my hands . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 either way , i do n't need the icon anymore to do amazing things . '' 
 `` what 's the secret you seek ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` the cure ? '' 
 `` you do n't sound convinced . '' 
 `` if the talisman increased my power - or at least began this change - and tempted me to become more of a wolf , why would it tell me to seek a cure ? '' 
 `` who said the voice and the talisman are connected ? '' 
 he pointed out . 
 `` i 'm getting a headache . '' 
 i pushed my thumb against the throb in my temple . 
 `` get in line , '' nic muttered . 
 `` maybe the talisman did n't make me stronger . 
 maybe it 's just that i 'm not fighting what i am anymore . 
 now that everyone knows and they have n't shot me - '' i broke off . 
 `` what ? 
 you can tell me , elise . '' 
 i stared into nic 's eyes , and i realized that i could . 
 he 'd heard the worst , and he had n't run screaming . 
 `` i do n't hate what i am so much anymore , '' i murmured . 
 `` there are times i even like it . '' 
 `` you 're basically the perfect werewolf , '' he said . 
 `` power without pain , strength without evil . '' 
 he was right . 
 why had n't i seen that and accepted it before ? 
 because of one thing i could never make right . 
 `` at stanford , i killed someone who just happened to be in the wrong place under the wolf moon . 
 i can never forgive myself for that . 
 i can never forget it . '' 
 `` you should n't . 
 that you ca n't makes you human , not an animal . 
 do you think the monsters care who they 've killed ? 
 do you think they spend their lives atoning for their mistakes ? '' 
 nic shrugged . 
 `` except for damien , i guess , though when he did those things he was as evil as the rest . 
 you were just out of your head . '' 
 `` not guilty by reason of insanity ? '' 
 `` it 's a credible defense , elise . '' 
 `` and used far too often to excuse the inexcusable . '' 
 `` you need to put the past behind you , look forward , finish what we 've started in fairhaven , then focus on a cure . '' 
 `` and then ? '' 
 the words left my mouth before i could stop them . 
 what did i want him to say ? 
 that we could be together forever as we 'd once dreamed of being ? 
 we could n't . 
 i was n't human , and i might never be . 
 `` let 's take this one day at a time , '' nic said . 
 a good idea . 
 lord knew what tomorrow might bring . 
 nevertheless , i was disappointed . 
 where once sex with no strings had n't sounded bad , now it no longer sounded good . 
 nic lifted my tangled hair from my neck and pressed his lips to the sensitive skin at the curve . 
 or maybe it did . 
 `` for years i thought you were dead . 
 now i 'm so scared you might end up that way , i ca n't sleep at night . '' 
 not exactly a declaration of everlasting love , but it was something . 
 `` i do n't kill easily , '' i murmured . 
 `` maybe i should sleep in here from now on . '' 
 his mouth drifted lower , hovering just above mine . 
 `` maybe you should . '' 
 i lifted onto my toes and kissed him . 
 he tasted both familiar and new , the past and the present in just one man . 
 everything i knew of sex and love , i 'd learned from him . 
 i wanted him now as i 'd wanted him then , loved him the same , if not more . 
 could i hope again for a future only to have it snatched away ? 
 was it better to dream the impossible than never to dream at all ? 
 regardless of what tomorrow brought , we had tonight . 
 i planned to make the most of every opportunity . 
 hooking my ankle around his , i tumbled us onto the bed . 
 we fell in a heap of limbs and new clothes with me on top . 
 nic laughed , and i stared down into his face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 his laughter faded , leaving a puzzled smile in its wake . 
 `` i have n't heard you laugh like that since - '' i broke off . 
 `` stanford ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i do n't laugh much anymore . 
 life without you has n't been very funny . '' 
 with me was n't going to be too ha-ha , either . 
 he touched my cheek . 
 `` stop . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` thinking so much . '' 
 he slipped his hand around the back of my neck and tugged . 
 `` come here . '' 
 i went gladly , touching my lips to his . 
 but when i tried to deepen the kiss , he would n't let me , instead making the embrace more tranquil than arousing , more gentle than passionate . 
 that single kiss , which went on and on , moved me more than the sex ever had . 
 `` elise ! '' 
 edward slammed the door , and i scrambled off nic as if i were fifteen years old instead of twenty-nine . 
 he appeared in the doorway , lifting his brows at the sight of my tangled hair and twisted sweater . 
 i smelled smoke - he had taken care of the body in the woods - then his gaze went past me to nic , and he grimaced before turning away . 
 `` kitchen , '' edward snapped . 
 i turned to see what had annoyed him this time and had to hide a smirk . 
 nic might have been kissing me gently , but he still had a hard-on that was clearly visible beneath his jeans . 
 `` if he thinks he 's going to force me out of town again , '' nic said , `` i 'm going to kick his bony ass , then shoot him . 
 with silver , just to be sure . '' 
 i started to laugh , then i choked as a thought hit me , sending a nasty chill from head to toe . 
 `` stay here , '' i said , and followed edward into the kitchen . 
 he 'd set a package on the table - my research , thank goodness . 
 one less thing to worry about . 
 on to the next . 
 i crossed the room , hesitating as i neared him . 
 could i shoot edward ? 
 he could certainly shoot me . 
 i touched his arm . 
 he jerked back , nearly knocking over a chair in his haste to get away . 
 but it was enough . 
 i glanced at nic , who had followed despite my orders . 
 when our eyes met , i shook my head and he lowered his hand from his weapon . 
 i took comfort from the knowledge that he would have shot edward if i could n't . 
 `` you thought i was bitten ? '' 
 edward asked . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` better safe than sorry . 
 you have been acting odd lately . '' 
 `` how can you tell ? '' 
 nic muttered , earning a glare from edward . 
 `` i would shoot myself if i was infected . '' 
 `` you know damn well if you were bitten you would n't be you anymore , '' i said , `` you 'd be them . 
 or us . 
 whatever . '' 
 `` do n't you have an antidote ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` only if the victim is injected before the first change . '' 
 `` a concoction that would be more useful , '' edward pointed out , `` if it did not spoil within twenty-four hours of mixing it . '' 
 in that moment i understood that nothing i ever did would be enough for him . 
 and suddenly , i did n't really care . 
 `` getting back to our present troubles , '' edward continued briskly . 
 `` i did not know this basil moore . '' 
 `` why would you know him ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` to be a traitor , to know some of the things our enemies now do , the culprit would have had to be one of us once . '' 
 `` rogue agent , '' i supplied . 
 `` once j ger-suchers , until fired by edward for inappropriate behavior . '' 
 `` what kind of nutcase do you have to be to get ousted from a monster-hunting society ? '' 
 `` i have rules . '' 
 edward sniffed . 
 `` if they are not followed , out you go . 
 if you are lucky . '' 
 unlucky people disappeared . 
 many former j-s agents were adrenaline junkies . 
 they could n't give up the danger , or hold down a regular job , so they went hunting on their own . 
 after searching out and destroying monsters most of mankind did n't even know about , it was kind of hard to adjust to life as a librarian . 
 `` but since basil was not one of us , '' edward reiterated , `` he could not be a traitor , though he may have bought information from one who is . '' 
 `` and now we 'll never know , because someone killed him , '' i said . 
 `` a werewolf , not a someone , '' edward pointed out . 
 `` now tell me what you have learned about witchie wolves . '' 
 lydia 's book lay on the table . 
 nic picked it up and started paging through as i filled edward in . 
 `` have you spoken with jessie 's lover ? '' 
 edward asked . 
 `` why do you call him that ? 
 he has a name . '' 
 `` what is it again ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 he knew damned well what will 's name was . '' 
 ` witchie wolves sleep in the sun until , ' '' nic read . 
 edward and i glanced at each other , then at nic . 
 `` and what do they plan to do under the ? '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` what 's a ? '' 
 `` i have never heard that term before , '' edward said . 
 `` we should really call will . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 edward went into the hallway and came back with his briefcase . 
 he pulled out an electronic device i 'd never seen before . 
 `` speaker phone ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` of a kind . 
 this is a prototype . 
 not only can those we call hear all of us , but it magnifies the other line so we can hear them . '' 
 edward was provided with the latest technology from the u.s. government - usually double-nought spy stuff like this . 
 `` it will be easier to discuss the case , ja ? '' '' 
 ja , '' i said . 
 `` i mean yes . '' 
 edward hooked the contraption to the phone line , then dialed jessie 's number . 
 `` this had better be good , '' she answered , the slur in her voice making me glance at my watch . 
 midnight . 
 why was she asleep ? 
 `` we need to have a conference , '' edward said . 
 `` set the phone on a flat surface so we might hear both you and your - '' he broke off , glanced at me , scowled and muttered , `` cadotte . '' 
 `` my cadotte ? 
 well , he is kind of mine . '' 
 the phone clunked once . 
 ` okay . 
 go ahead . '' 
 `` how up-to-date are they ? '' 
 edward asked . 
 `` werewolf in human form biting the dead , disappearing bodies , invisible ghost wolves - '' `` whoa ! '' 
 jessie interrupted . 
 `` i never heard anything about ghost wolves . '' 
 the rustle of sheets preceded will 's voice . 
 `` are you talking about witchie wolves ? '' 
 `` we think so . '' 
 `` they 're supposed to live - well , not live exactly , exist , i guess - on the shores of lake huron . '' 
 `` apparently they do n't know that , because they 're here . '' 
 `` fascinating , '' he murmured . 
 `` off he goes , '' jessie said . 
 `` computer boy to the rescue . '' 
 `` hold on , will , '' i ordered . 
 `` have you ever heard of the ? '' 
 `` no , '' will said . 
 `` where did you hear it ? '' 
 `` in a book lydia gave us . 
 ` witchie wolves sleep in the sun until the . ' 
 mean anything ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 sounds of a computer turning on , booting up , came over the line . 
 this prototype phone was pretty cool . 
 tap-tap-tap . 
 `` there 's an ojibwe expert on witchie wolves , '' will said . 
 `` he does n't live too far from here . 
 he wrote a book . '' 
 nic turned the cover so i could read the title . '' 
 witchie wolves of the great lakes by raymond banks ? '' 
 `` that 's the one . 
 he 's very knowledgeable about obscure legends . 
 i 'll head over and talk to him in the morning . '' 
 `` ca n't you call him ? '' 
 jessie asked . 
 `` send a fax ? 
 how about e-mail ? '' 
 will coughed . 
 `` he lives in a cave , does n't he ? '' 
 `` wigwam . '' 
 `` same difference , '' she said . 
 `` why ca n't your people step into the twenty-first century ? '' 
 `` most of us did , and it was n't all that different from any other . '' 
 silence ensued . 
 i felt compelled to fill it , so i told them all we 'd learned about the mystery in fairhaven . 
 `` the witchie wolves come to power under the dark moon . '' 
 will tapped on the computer some more . 
 `` then their army rules all until the end of days . '' 
 `` i always get nervous when the end of days comes up , '' jessie said . 
 `` armageddon . 
 apocalypse . '' 
 edward sighed . 
 `` i have thwarted a hundred of them . '' 
 `` let 's make it a hundred and one , '' nic said . 
 `` another werewolf army , '' jessie muttered . 
 `` ca n't they find a new tune ? '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i wondered . 
 `` when the old one plays so well . '' 
 `` if the witchies are the brave new army , '' will continued , `` you could be in big trouble if you do n't find out who plans to command them before the deed is done . '' 
 `` we always are , '' i said . 
 `` whatever happened to the totem you found in montana ? '' 
 everyone went silent . 
 `` it 's gone , '' i said . 
 `` not sure where . '' 
 edward scowled . 
 `` i had pocket issues . 
 sue me . '' 
 `` let 's not worry about the totem now , '' will interjected . 
 `` you have n't needed it since the first time . '' 
 who knows ? 
 - maybe i had n't even needed the icon then . 
 nevertheless , i wished i had the thing in my possession or at least knew who did . 
 but if wishes were horses , et cetera , et cetera . 
 `` i 'll talk to mr. banks in the morning . '' 
 `` we 'll talk to him , slick . 
 together . '' 
 `` he may not speak freely with a stranger there . '' 
 `` you 're a stranger . '' 
 `` we 're of the same tribe . 
 never strangers . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 `` you could head back , '' will suggested . 
 `` they might need you in fairhaven . '' 
 `` i 'm not letting you traipse off alone to meet some guy we do n't even know . 
 he could turn into anything . 
 sheesh , you think i 'm an idiot ? '' 
 i glanced at nic to find him staring at the copy of the victims ' list we 'd taken from the sheriff 's office . 
 in all the excitement , i 'd forgotten about it . 
 `` we have a list of the victims , '' i announced . 
 `` why did n't you say so ? '' 
 jessie asked . 
 `` read them out . 
 will can probably find something . '' 
 nic was already booting up jessie 's laptop . 
 he cracked his knuckles and winked at me . 
 this sudden , yet familiar , lighter side of him was almost as fascinating as the darker , sexy side . 
 `` it 'll only take me a minute . 
 you would n't believe what the fbi can find out about people . '' 
 `` i 'd believe it , '' will muttered . 
 will had been an activist before he was a j ger-sucher . 
 his name was on a whole lot of watch lists . 
 the fbi 's certainly . 
 while nic clattered away , i checked my research . 
 not only were my formulas and notes on a disc , but there was an emergency dose of serum , which was going to come in handy far too soon . 
 i pocketed the vial , just as nic murmured , `` hello . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 jessie , will , and i asked at the same time . 
 edward merely waited . 
 `` all the people who 've disappeared owned their own homes , businesses , or a plot of land in fairhaven . '' 
 `` each victim owned a part of the town ? '' 
 jessie asked . 
 `` and they died for it . 
 why ? '' 
 nic typed in a few more words , then squinted , straightened , and said , `` uh-oh . '' 
 `` what is ` uh-oh ' ? '' 
 edward demanded . 
 `` i hate ` uh-oh . ' '' 
 `` fairhaven was built on top of an ojibwe burial ground . '' 
 `` there are more graves than the one where we found the sheriff and cora ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` according to this , the greatest concentration of bodies is in a ravine right outside of town . '' 
 i 'd been to that ravine , along with lydia and basil . 
 coincidence ? 
 nah . 
 from the glance nic threw my way , he did n't think much of the coincidence , either . 
 `` why arc so many bodies buried there ? '' 
 nic murmured . 
 `` because rather than bury them individually , '' will spat , `` they tossed everyone into a hole . 
 much easier that way , and really , why spare the time for some injuns ? '' 
 `` massacre ? '' 
 jessie asked . 
 `` probably . '' 
 will sounded disgusted . 
 i could n't blame him . 
 `` at least we know why the witchie wolves are here , '' will continued . 
 `` we do ? '' 
 i glanced at nic , who shrugged . 
 `` they protect the burial mounds of warriors from desecration . '' 
 `` what desecration ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` i do n't see any turned-up earth or ancient bones dragged around . '' 
 `` to buy their graves , to own the land - which is n't for sale - is desecration enough . '' 
 `` everything 's for sale , slick . 
 get used to it . '' 
 `` you ca n't buy the earth . 
 or purchase a bird , a stone , a tree . '' 
 `` he gets like this sometimes , '' jessie muttered . 
 `` give him a minute , he 'll find the right century . '' 
 `` building a pizza-rama , or a super-mart , or a gas-and-dough on someone 's grave ... '' will paused . 
 `` they were just asking for it . '' 
 `` oh , yeah , '' jessie said . 
 `` begging . '' 
 will ignored her . 
 `` you 've theorized that the bite of a werewolf in human form causes the dead to shift into ghost wolves . '' 
 he began to type again , talking at the same time . 
 `` the theory makes even more sense if the victims are doomed to protect that which they have desecrated . '' 
 `` and the punishment shall fit the crime , '' nic murmured . 
 `` but if they 've desecrated an ojibwe burial ground , would n't it follow that the murderer is - '' `` ojibwe , '' will finished . 
 `` well , yeah . '' 
 `` we 're back to lydia again , '' i said . 
 `` why would she give us a book on witchie wolves if she was raising them ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` the book is pretty vague . '' 
 `` ojibwe legends often are , '' will agreed . 
 `` which is why the werewolves use them , slick . 
 they can easily manipulate vague into evil . '' 
 `` except lydia is n't a werewolf , '' i felt compelled to point out . 
 silence settled over us , broken only by the clatter of will 's fingers on the keyboard . 
 `` i ca n't find anything concrete about the , but i 'm betting it 's when the moon is darkest , or new . 
 since tomorrow night is the full moon , we 'll have two weeks before the witchie wolf army gains power . '' 
 `` then we 've got plenty of time to figure out what they 're planning , '' i said . 
 `` who knows , we could even stumble over the werewolf tomorrow night , blow his brains out , and be home free . '' 
 both edward and nic turned a bland gaze on me . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` like that 'll happen . '' 
 we spent the rest of that night trying to discover something more about the , witchie wolves , even lydia . 
 according to nic , she existed , but he could n't find out anything else about her , which made him nuts . 
 the man would n't get off the internet . 
 around 3 a.m. i fell asleep on the couch , only to be awoken by edward several hours later . 
 `` dawn approaches , '' he said . 
 `` let us go and question the native woman . '' 
 mr. politically incorrect . 
 i was going to have to watch what he said to lydia . 
 from the bloodshot appearance of nic 's eyes as the three of us climbed into edward 's cadillac , he had n't slept at all . 
 shortly after the sun rose , we reached lydia 's . 
 she stood on the porch as we climbed out of the car . 
 the smirk on her face was disturbing . 
 the way she stared at edward even more so . 
 `` lydia , '' edward said . 
 `` it has been a long time . '' 
 `` wait a second . '' 
 i glanced from edward to lydia and back again . 
 `` you know cora 's granddaughter ? '' 
 edward snorted . 
 `` she is no more cora 's granddaughter than she is mine . '' 
 `` who is she ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` lydia lovell . 
 a familiar . '' 
 `` familiar with what ? '' 
 `` the werewolves . '' 
 edward made an exasperated sound and turned to me . 
 `` you know what a familiar is . '' 
 i did , but-how was i supposed to know lydia was one ? 
 traditionally , familiars took the shape of black cats , dogs , or wolves , going places no human could go . 
 the concept of the helpful spirit being is believed to have originated with the totem animal guides of the shamans . 
 however , since the werewolves were already animals , their familiars took the form of humans . 
 `` she said she was training to become a chippewa - '' '' chippewa ? '' 
 edward interrupted . 
 `` she said chippewa ? ' 
 `` yes . 
 then no . 
 she corrected herself . 
 why ? '' 
 `` i 've learned a few things from cadotte , and no true ojibwe would ever use the word chippewa . '' 
 nic pulled his gun and pointed it in lydia 's direction . 
 `` not yet , '' i murmured . 
 the gun did n't appear to make lydia nervous , which only made me more so . 
 either she did n't plan on any of us living long enough to stop her , or her nefarious plan was too far along to thwart . 
 was there a door number 3 ? 
 `` herr mandenauer is right . 
 i work for the werewolves . 
 but soon they will work for me . '' 
 `` you 're raising a witchie wolf army , '' i said . 
 lydia inclined her head . 
 `` but how ? 
 you are n't a werewolf . '' 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i said firmly , even as my mind doubted . 
 one thing i 'd learned as a j ger-sucher , the rules applied only until someone or something changed them . 
 `` you do n't sound very confident . 
 but i 've spent a lot of time and money to make all of you doubt what you know and who you trust . '' 
 money ? 
 the light went on in my head . 
 `` you bought information from the traitor . '' 
 lydia laughed . 
 `` there is n't any traitor - or at least not in the technical sense of the word . 
 none of your own betrayed you . '' 
 good to know . 
 really set my mind at ease . 
 `` if not one of us , then who ? '' 
 `` do not waste your time , '' edward said . 
 `` she will not tell us . '' 
 edward turned his attention to lydia . 
 `` i am afraid your lover is dead . 
 will that destroy your plans , i hope ? '' 
 `` my plans are right on schedule . '' 
 `` you wanted basil dead ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` not particularly . 
 he was an incredible lay . 
 he 'd do anything i wanted , anywhere . 
 all day , all night . 
 the boy was amazing . '' 
 `` way too much information , '' nic muttered . 
 `` he follows orders amazingly well . 
 ` kill dr. hanover , ' i said . 
 next thing i know - bam , bam . ' '' 
 `` actually , it was just bam for him , right , nic ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 then he ran away like a girl . '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i protested . 
 `` sorry . 
 how about we try bam-bam on miss familiar ? '' 
 lydia laughed again . 
 why did she find nic 's threats of shooting her so amusing ? 
 maybe she could n't be shot . 
 `` why is she so smug , edward ? '' 
 i needed to know what i was facing before i could face it with any sort of strength . 
 even then ... i glanced at the sun sparkling through the trees . 
 i was n't going to be able to do much damage at this time of day . 
 `` lydia is a descendant of gypsies , '' edward answered . 
 `` romania , tambourines , fortune-telling gypsies ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 lydia snorted at the same time edward said , `` hardly . 
 gypsies are the traditional companions of werewolves . 
 familiars . 
 they protect them and in turn are paid handsomely . '' 
 `` you did n't know this ? '' 
 nic asked me . 
 `` i knew . '' 
 `` gypsy ? 
 werewolves ? 
 you were n't a little suspicious ? '' 
 `` she said she was ojibwe . 
 why should n't i believe her ? '' 
 `` you could n't tell the difference ? '' 
 `` have you ever seen a gypsy ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 they 're a little hard to peg in the wild . '' 
 `` there are very few with pure gypsy blood left , '' edward said . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 nic inched forward ; i elbowed him back . 
 who knew what kind of powers she had ? 
 `` hitler killed four hundred thousand in his death camps , '' lydia snapped . 
 `` he labeled us nonhuman . '' 
 `` i hate it when that happens , '' i muttered . 
 lydia shot me a glare . 
 `` mengele loved to experiment on the gypsies as well as the jews . 
 when he concocted monsters , he made them from bits and pieces of other things . '' 
 `` his werewolves have gypsy blood , '' i guessed , and lydia dipped her chin in acknowledgment . 
 `` but if they 're your cousins or brothers . 
 children ... whatever - '' `` you say they as if you are n't one of them . '' 
 `` fine , if we 're related , then why do you want to rule us ? '' 
 `` someone has to . 
 if the werewolves banded together , had a leader with half a brain at the helm , someone who did n't get distracted by a demon , or the full moon , or blood on the breeze , they could become so much more than what they are . '' 
 edward had always feared just such an occurrence . 
 if all the werewolves joined forces , what was to prevent every other monster from doing the same ? 
 pretty soon people would be in the minority - if they were n't already . 
 we had to stop her . 
 if only we knew what she was up to . 
 why did she need a witchie wolf army ? 
 what could they do ? 
 more importantly : how could we kill them ? 
 hard to say . 
 hard to ask , too , since i doubted she 'd tell us . 
 `` why get rid of basil ? '' 
 i pressed . 
 `` especially if he was so gifted . '' 
 `` well hung , you mean ? '' 
 i had n't but ... i shrugged . 
 `` i did n't kill him . '' 
 `` i did . '' 
 that voice . 
 it could n't be . 
 i turned toward the sound just as a figure stepped from the woods and pressed a gun to edward 's temple . 
 oh , jeez ! 
 oh , shit ! 
 oh , hell ! 
 `` billy . '' 
 `` you 're dead , '' i said , echoing the protests of my dream , which , in retrospect , appeared to have been a vision . 
 `` not quite . '' 
 `` i ripped out your throat . '' 
 `` not completely . '' 
 `` you healed . '' 
 `` i 'm very old . '' 
 billy smiled , and the expression was more frightening than a scowl . 
 `` i can heal just about anything . 
 except silver . 
 which is something we have in common . 
 i always wondered what it was about you that bothered me . '' 
 he 'd found some clothes - lord knows where since there were n't any outlets for the big and tall in this neck of the woods . 
 the jeans and sweatshirt almost made him appear normal . 
 almost . 
 a single glance into his eyes and no one would mistake billy bailey for anything other than an escaped lunatic . 
 `` thor , the thunder god , '' nic murmured . 
 double damn . 
 had the old woman seen billy ? 
 if i 'd known that , i could have exited fairhaven screaming a long time ago . 
 `` toss your weapon into the trees , '' billy ordered . 
 nic complied , and billy shoved edward forward so he could keep the gun trained on all three of us . 
 i did n't care for his expression when he glanced at nic . 
 `` you 're screwing my girl , '' billy murmured . 
 `` i do n't like it . '' 
 i froze as all of the horrible things billy planned to do to me when he got out of his cell flooded my mind . 
 i needed to kill him , really kill him , and quick . 
 `` mandenauer . '' 
 edward , who 'd been inching toward the rifle propped against the rear bumper of the cadillac , stopped . 
 i managed to sidle in front of nic while billy 's attention was on my boss . 
 billy did n't want me dead . 
 not yet . 
 but i had a feeling he would n't feel the same way about the others . 
 though why he had n't just shot them first and done his talking later , i was n't sure , and i did n't plan to ask . 
 `` if you do n't want a taste of what you 've served up so freely , '' billy continued , `` you 'll move far away from that gun . '' 
 edward scowled but did as he was told . 
 unfortunately , he arrived at my side talking . 
 `` you did n't make sure he was dead , then burn the body ? 
 have you learned nothing ? '' 
 `` guess not , '' billy murmured . 
 i still could n't find my voice through the fear . 
 `` you 're the werewolf in human form , '' nic said . 
 `` you killed all those people . '' 
 `` actually , that was her . '' 
 billy jerked a thumb in lydia 's direction . 
 `` except for basil . 
 that was me . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` he tried to shoot dr. hanover . '' 
 billy 's eyes narrowed on lydia . 
 if that gaze had been fixed in my direction , i certainly would n't have tossed my head and shrugged . 
 why was n't lydia afraid of him ? 
 `` you promised i could have her when you were through , '' he said . 
 `` that was our deal . '' 
 `` true . '' 
 lydia examined her fingernails . '' 
 but i never promised she 'd be alive . '' 
 billy growled and the hair on my arms lifted . 
 `` he 's really very good . '' 
 lydia glanced at me . 
 `` if you like your sex extremely rough . '' 
 something was n't adding up , but i was still too frightened to do the math . 
 `` do n't look so scared . 
 you 'll be dead by then . '' 
 lydia returned her attention to billy . 
 `` i did n't think you 'd mind . '' 
 `` we 've discussed this . '' 
 he gave a long-suffering sigh . 
 `` i fuck her until she dies , and then i do it some more . 
 a deal is a deal . '' 
 `` that just is n't going to work for me . 
 sorry . '' 
 billy swung the gun in her direction , and lydia disappeared . 
 nic and i stood gaping at the place where she 'd been an instant before . 
 `` i hate it when she does that , '' billy muttered . 
 edward had been creeping forward while billy 's attention was elsewhere . 
 almost as an afterthought , billy 's elbow shot out and clipped the old man in the mouth . 
 edward 's head snapped back and he fell to the ground , but he did n't pass out . 
 sometimes i wondered if edward was human himself . 
 billy shifted his icy stare to mine . 
 `` soon , doctor . 
 remember everything i ever told you . '' 
 black spots danced in front of my eyes . 
 when they went away , so had billy . 
 nic was at my side . 
 i could n't help it , i turned my face into his neck and hid . 
 even with ancient ojibwe women buried in shallow graves , murder , mayhem , and a ghost wolf army on the rise , the world had still been a much cheerier place without billy in it . 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 i 'd found my voice . 
 hallelujah . 
 so why was n't i screaming mindlessly until someone locked me in a nice , safe , impenetrable white room ? 
 because having nic here helped more than i would have imagined . 
 he was steady and sane - which put him two steps ahead of billy . 
 sadly , billy was about two hundred steps ahead when it came to strength and power . 
 we just could n't win . 
 i took a deep whiff of nic 's scent , trying to clear any remnant of billy 's . 
 then i brushed my lips against his chin and lifted my head . 
 nic gazed at me with concern . 
 `` so that was billy bailey , '' he said . 
 `` creepy son of a bitch . '' 
 `` let 's kill him . '' 
 edward struggled to his feet . 
 `` you neglected to mention that gypsies have superpowers , too . '' 
 i looked at nic . 
 `` that i did not know . '' 
 `` it explains how she found out about you . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 my mind was n't keeping up very well - too full of billy . 
 `` if she can disappear and appear at will , she could know anything . '' 
 i saw nic 's point . 
 lydia did n't need to tap our phones or pay our enemies for information . 
 all she had to do was become invisible and walk inside the compound . 
 `` why did n't she kill me before now ? '' 
 `` she needed you here for ... '' nic shrugged . 
 `` something ? '' 
 ` terrific . '' 
 i glanced at edward . 
 `` so explain why gypsies have superpowers . '' 
 `` most do not . '' 
 `` did she , or did she not , just go poof ? '' 
 `` she did . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` lydia is not only a gypsy but a witch . '' 
 `` witch ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` since when are there witches ? '' 
 he turned to me . 
 `` did you know there were witches ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` and you did n't tell me ? '' 
 `` you want a rundown on every supernatural creature we 've encountered ? '' 
 he thought a minute , then said , `` yes . '' 
 `` if we 're still alive next week , remind me to make you a list . '' 
 i turned my ire on edward . 
 `` why did n't you tell us she could disappear ? '' 
 `` even if i had known , what good would it have done to tell you ? 
 could you have prevented the disappearance ? '' 
 i rubbed my forehead . 
 `` what do you know about her ? '' 
 if i focused on lydia , maybe i 'd quit seeing billy 's eyes fixed on me . 
 i doubted it , but anything was worth a try . 
 `` her grandmother was removed from one of the death camps and sent to mengele . '' 
 `` her grandfather ? '' 
 `` was also at the laboratory in the black forest . '' 
 `` and then ? '' 
 `` they were released , along with the werewolf army . '' 
 `` that 's all ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` witches are hard to identify . 
 they do not sprout tails . 
 they do not suck blood . 
 they do not rise from their graves . 
 they are just magic . '' 
 just ? 
 `` does anyone find it odd that the usual familiar helps a witch , but a werewolf familiar is a witch ? '' 
 nic pointed out . 
 `` not all gypsies are witches , '' edward said . 
 `` only the pure have magic - witches for want of a better term . 
 mengele used that blood to concoct his werewolves . '' 
 `` magic gypsy witch blood to make werewolves , '' i muttered . 
 i did remember something about that in my notes , but since i 'd doubted it would help me find a cure , i 'd pushed the information to the back of my mind . 
 `` where did you meet lydia ? '' 
 `` i was acquainted with her grandmother . '' 
 something flickered in edward 's eyes , and he looked away . 
 how well had he known the woman ? 
 i considered the suspicion . 
 edward could no more have an affair with a werewolf familiar than he could ... what ? 
 employ a werewolf ? 
 `` you did n't think it was a good idea to keep track of these people ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` of course . 
 but as they are magic , they have a habit of slipping out of our reach . '' 
 `` and the name lydia did n't set off any alarm bells ? '' 
 `` it is a common enough name . '' 
 `` if you 're lost in the forties , '' nic muttered . 
 `` i will admit , i made an error not keeping better track of the witches . '' 
 edward steepled his fingers . 
 `` but let us discuss your error , elise . '' 
 `` mine ? '' 
 `` billy is n't dead . '' 
 oh , that error . 
 `` get over it , '' nic interjected . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 edward lifted a brow . 
 `` he is n't dead , but he will be as soon as i find him . '' 
 nic reached for his weapon , frowned . 
 `` and my gun . '' 
 he started off in the direction of his pistol , then stopped and turned back . 
 `` i 'm confused . 
 to make the witchie wolves , dead people need to be bitten by a werewolf in human form ? '' 
 `` that 's the theory . '' 
 `` as near as we can tell , the bites were all from the same mouth . '' 
 i nodded , though he knew this as well as i did . 
 `` a mouth we 'll assume to be billy 's since there is n't a pack of werewolves in fairhaven - unless you count the ghost wolves . '' 
 `` there is a point soon , correct ? '' 
 edward murmured . 
 `` people were disappearing before we got here , and we have a lot more ghost wolves than two , so how could billy have bitten anyone if he was locked in a compound in montana ? '' 
 from the silence that settled over the clearing , no one had a definite answer for that , but edward usually had an educated guess . 
 today was no different . 
 `` perhaps another werewolf came first . 
 once billy arrived , he killed him . '' 
 `` that would be a billy thing to do , '' i agreed . 
 `` except damien said there was no werewolf here but him until i arrived . '' 
 `` damien could have been wrong , '' edward pointed out . 
 could have been , but i doubted it . 
 damien had been a werewolf for nearly sixty years ; he knew how to identify another like himself . 
 `` let us find billy , ask him , then kill him , '' edward suggested . 
 `` or just kill him . '' 
 `` you know what my vote is , '' i said . 
 `` why did they let us go ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` billy could have killed any , or all , of us . 
 lydia wants you dead , elise , yet she took off . 
 why ? '' 
 `` they must realize we will come after them , '' edward continued . 
 `` the full moon is tonight . 
 billy will have to change . '' 
 `` and i 'll be waiting for him , '' nic murmured . 
 `` wait . '' 
 edward held up a long bony hand . 
 `` if they want us to hunt under the full moon , we will not . '' 
 `` wrong , '' i said , at the same time nic snapped , `` like hell . '' 
 edward and i turned to nic as he lifted , then lowered , one shoulder . 
 `` i do n't like how billy spoke to you , elise . '' 
 `` you should have heard him in the compound , '' i muttered , then shivered again at the memory . 
 `` i did not say we would not hunt . '' 
 edward sounded exasperated . 
 `` nor that we would not kill him and anything else that gets in our way . '' 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` silver works on werewolves in the daytime as well as the night . 
 in human form as well as the form of a wolf . '' 
 understanding spread across nic 's face , followed closely by excitement . 
 `` we 'll shoot him in the daylight . 
 he wo n't even know what hit him . '' 
 `` only this one time , '' edward ordered . 
 `` billy is a special case . '' 
 edward frowned on us shooting people with silver in broad daylight , no matter how certain we might be of their true nature . 
 in his defense , flaming humans were a lot harder to explain than flaming wolves . 
 `` fine . 
 one-time deal only . 
 now where 's my gun ? '' 
 `` you will need a rifle , as well , '' edward said . 
 `` i have an arsenal in the trunk . '' 
 he always did . 
 nic practically skipped off to shop at the firearm bonanza , as i stalked toward edward . 
 i did not want nic going after billy . 
 billy was insane . 
 `` nic is n't a j ger-sucher '' i whispered . 
 `` since when does he get to pick a rifle and join the party ? '' 
 `` since we are shorthanded , and you are nothing short of horrific with a gun . '' 
 my chin went up . 
 `` i have other talents . '' 
 `` not in the daytime . 
 besides . '' 
 edward nodded toward the cadillac . 
 `` i doubt you will be able to stop him . '' 
 nic was going through the rifles with an ease born of practice . 
 his face held a determination i recognized . 
 he would n't be dissuaded from hunting billy . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i threw up my hands . 
 `` but he goes with you . '' 
 `` not you ? '' 
 `` you 're the best . 
 except for leigh . '' 
 edward scowled but did n't argue since i was right , then he stomped over to the trunk , yanked out his favorite rifle , and began to bark orders . 
 `` franklin , you are with me . '' 
 `` but - '' nic glanced in my direction , and i shrugged as if i had nothing to say about anything . 
 though i did n't want nic out of my sight ever again , he 'd be safer with edward . 
 especially since billy seemed to have a hard-on for me . 
 `` we will meet at the cabin before dusk . 
 if one of us has accomplished the task , fire three rounds into the air , then return to town . '' 
 i glanced at the cadillac . 
 `` what about the car ? '' 
 edward 's long-suffering sigh made me want to melt into the earth with shame , same as it had when i was three . 
 `` drive the vehicle back to town . 
 walk out from there , agent franklin and i walk in from here . 
 we will flush him from his hiding place . '' 
 was i supposed to know this trick without ever having been told ? 
 apparently . 
 edward moved toward the trees . 
 nic stepped after him , then glanced in my direction and paused . 
 though it was the height of unprofessionalism , i went into his arms . 
 edward did n't even bother to snicker , snort , or be snide . 
 he must think we were all going to die . 
 `` be careful , '' i could n't help but murmur . 
 sure , he was an fbi agent , but this was a billy and lord knows what else . 
 `` you wo n't be safe until he 's dead . '' 
 nic released me with a final squeeze . 
 i tried one more time . 
 `` maybe you should go - '' `` where ? 
 i think i 'm better off with mandenauer and enough guns and ammo to outfit a small country than i am at the cabin alone or on my way to the airport in a flimsy steel car . '' 
 he was probably right . 
 nevertheless , i did n't like this at all . 
 `` meet you in fairhaven before dusk , if not sooner . '' 
 i nodded , then glanced at my boss as nic joined him . 
 the old man acknowledged my query with a single sharp nod . 
 billy would not get to nic . 
 not while edward was alive . 
 of course , edward being dead was just another one of my mountain of worries . 
 the wind suddenly whispered in lydia 's voice . 
 he 'll do anything to keep me from sharing his secret . 
 i remembered another time , another place , another message . 
 had the voice been lydia 's ? 
 i did n't think so . 
 how many voices were there ? 
 i glanced at edward , but he was oblivious to any whispers on the wind . 
 which was probably the entire idea . 
 i opened my mouth to call out to him and the trees murmured : i 'll tell you the truth about your mother . 
 my teeth closed with an audible snap . 
 i knew the truth about my mother . 
 did n't i ? 
 `` what about lydia ? '' 
 i blurted . 
 `` kill her . '' 
 `` sir ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` she 's a - '' `` murderer ? 
 witch ? '' 
 `` we shoot monsters , do n't we ? '' 
 `` you do not think she is a monster ? '' 
 i was n't sure . 
 `` should n't we find out what she 's done and how to undo it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` if she 's dead that could be tough . '' 
 `` do what i tell you , elise . 
 or must i use that silver bullet i keep solely for you ? '' 
 nic made an involuntary movement of denial , which edward ignored . 
 i kept my gaze on my boss . 
 my eyes narrowed ; so did his . 
 i was half-tempted to shift and chase him around the yard ; too bad it was daytime . 
 too bad he 'd kill me without so much as a bat of his nearly invisible blond eyelashes . 
 see ? 
 said the breeze through the leaves . 
 he does n't want you to know . 
 i glanced away . 
 i might be an alpha wolf , but in the human world , edward was king . 
 besides , with him hanging around , i 'd never find out if what i 'd been told about my mother was the truth . 
 if lydia could be trusted to tell the truth . 
 probably not . 
 nevertheless , i found myself sympathizing with eve in her garden . 
 ail that knowledge just waiting in a tree - all she had to do was listen to satan . 
 the wind fluttered the ends of my hair , the silence so loud it pulsed with unanswered questions . 
 when i looked back , both edward and nic were gone , so i chose a weapon , shut the trunk of the cadillac , and headed in the direction of the voice - conveniently in the opposite direction of the others . 
 i had my orders . 
 despite my unease about killing lydia , i 'd killed people before . 
 just not with a gun . 
 besides , who knew ? 
 maybe eliminating lydia would also eliminate the witchie wolves she 'd raised and the coming armageddon . 
 two birds , one stone . 
 i 'd always loved that . 
 i followed the wind . 
 every time i hesitated the breeze murmured , drawing me farther and farther away from the cabin and closer and closer to - coming around a crop of low spruce bushes , i slid to a stop at the edge of the ravine . 
 the scent of wolves washed over me , so strong i could distinguish it even in human form . 
 i paced back and forth until i found an opening big enough for a woman instead of a wolf , then inched through the brambles . 
 peeking over the rim as i 'd done once before , i discovered nearly a dozen ghost wolves lolling on a grassy knoll . 
 the witchie wolves were werewolves , down to the human eyes . 
 no longer shadows , they were n't solid either , since i could see the grass right through their hides . 
 `` i 've been waiting . '' 
 i spun toward lydia 's voice , half-expecting to find nothing but the rustle of a nonexistent breeze through the trees . 
 but she stood a few feet away in a flowing skirt and peasant blouse of muted colors - violets beneath a spring rain , the sky just before a storm . 
 all of her bangles - wrists , ankles , feet - were in place . 
 how had she snuck up on me ? 
 she must be able to appear as easily as she disappeared . 
 she held a gun in one hand , which looked suspiciously like the one i 'd chosen from edward 's car . 
 glancing at my holster , i saw she 'd disarmed me as easily as she 'd snuck up on me . 
 edward would have a stroke . 
 lydia tossed my weapon into trees , then lowered two fingers into the valley between her breasts and withdrew the icon , strung on a leather strip around her neck . 
 `` remember this ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` you hand over the power ; i 'll tell you all about your mother . 
 what do you say ? '' 
 i was n't going to agree , especially since i had no idea how i could hand over anything . 
 but if she was inclined to chat , i was inclined to ask questions . 
 `` you made the talisman , '' i murmured . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` to steal your magic . '' 
 she rolled the icon around in her ringers . 
 `` but you 're stronger than i imagined . '' 
 `` how could that thing steal my power when lycan-thropy 's caused by a virus ? '' 
 `` is it ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 her smile was secretive , smug , and i stifled the urge to beat every tidbit of information out of her . 
 all in good time . 
 `` cora told me i could capture the essence of a werewolf , contain it in the icon and transfer the gift to myself . '' 
 `` i never heard of such a thing . '' 
 if i had , i 'd have bottled up my magic and given it away long ago . 
 `` you 've been barking up the wrong tree , pardon the pun , for a while now . 
 concentrating all your efforts on science : tonics , balms , cures . 
 but there 's more than one answer to every question . '' 
 `` is lycanthropy caused by a virus or is n't it ? '' 
 `` both . 
 mengele manufactured a virus through magic . '' 
 which was interesting , but did n't really help me much with the cure . 
 `` if you wanted to become a werewolf , '' i murmured , `` all you had to do was ask one of your pals . '' 
 `` as if i wanted to be insane , ruled by the moon and my rumbling , blood-seeking belly . '' 
 lydia grimaced . 
 `` i want the power without the demon . 
 that 's what the old one promised . '' 
 `` and then you killed her ? '' 
 `` well , i did n't need her anymore , '' she said matter-of-factly . 
 i had news for lydia . 
 she was already a stark raving lunatic , even without the demon . 
 `` how was the talisman supposed to capture my power ? '' 
 `` i do n't know how , only that it would . 
 cora did some mumbo jumbo , told me to purify the talisman with the blood of a sacrifice , and when you changed the first time after touching the icon , your abilities would leave you and fill it . '' 
 she scowled at the plastic wolf . 
 `` the bitch double-crossed me . 
 instead of stealing the magic , she made you stronger . '' 
 bless the old woman i 'd never met , had she given me the ability to defeat her own murderer ? 
 i had to think so , if i could only figure out how . 
 `` so now i 've got to kill you , '' lydia continued . 
 `` whoa ! 
 what ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` cora said sacrifice . 
 i did n't realize she meant you . 
 i should have . '' 
 well , she was delusional . 
 who knows , maybe she was even right . 
 however , since i 'd come to fairhaven , i kind of liked my power . 
 even if i did n't , i certainly was n't going to give it to her . 
 `` if you did n't want me dead in montana , then who blew up the compound ? 
 who tried to shoot me with silver ? '' 
 maybe if we kept talking , i 'd stumble over something i could use . 
 `` the idiot werewolves . '' 
 she shook her head in disgust . 
 `` sometimes i swear only morons are bitten . 
 they really do need a leader . '' 
 she glanced at the forest as if searching for someone , then gave an impatient huff before turning back tome . 
 `` i sold the information about your true nature before i figured out how i could use it to my advantage . 
 some ambitious werewolf decided to make everyone happy by eliminating you . '' 
 `` what the hell did i do ? '' 
 `` who knows when you might stumble onto a cure , and then their fun is over . '' 
 she waved her hand . 
 `` but i discovered their plot , and i saved you . '' 
 `` saved me , '' i repeated stupidly . 
 `` i knew you 'd come outside to check on your wolves , so i upset them . '' 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 i opened my mouth , then shut it again , deciding i did n't want to know what she 'd done . 
 `` you came out ; the bomb went off - '' `` then someone took a shot at me . '' 
 `` he 'd have gotten you , too , but i bumped him . '' 
 she winked . 
 `` he never saw me coming . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 this was all making a sick sort of sense . 
 `` then - '' `` the idiot got spooked by your fbi friend and took off . 
 i heard you say you were going to the shed , so i killed the rabbit , planted the icon - '' `` and the rest is history . '' 
 `` except the damn thing did n't work . '' 
 she stared into the hokey jeweled eyes . 
 `` yet . '' 
 lydia pocketed the totem . 
 `` once i figured out cora had double-crossed me , i headed for fairhaven so i could regroup before you got here . '' 
 `` how did you know i 'd come ? '' 
 `` the compound 's dust ; someone 's trying to kill you ; traitor in the ranks ; strange and bizarre occurrences in fairhaven . '' 
 i started to see where lydia was headed . 
 this had been a setup from the beginning . 
 `` you raised witchie wolves to bring the j ger-suchers to fairhaven ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 there 's a reason for everything i 've done . 
 when the dark moon comes , all will be clear . '' 
 `` as mud , '' i muttered . 
 `` i knew you 'd come to edward . 
 then i 'd have to get the others to leave so you 'd be alone . '' 
 lydia spread her hands . 
 `` werewolves popping up all over the place , and wham , the good doctor is on her own . '' 
 `` but i 'm - '' `` not . 
 i know . 
 i did n't figure on the fbi showing up and refusing to leave . 
 some idiot werewolf again - giving the feds a tip , trying to screw up your life and instead screwing up mine . 
 heads are going to roll once i 'm in charge . '' 
 i could imagine . 
 lydia glanced at the sky , then into the trees . 
 `` come on . '' 
 she shoved me farther into the ravine . 
 as we walked through the sleeping ghost wolves , they awoke and milled around our legs . 
 the sensation was creepy - like a chilly brush of wind that scrambled straight through my bones . 
 a rustle from the forest was followed by the murmur of voices , the measured tread of human feet . 
 edward and nic pushed their way through the brambles at the edge of the clearing . 
 they gaped at the witchie wolves . 
 their ability to see them made me uneasy . 
 when they caught sight of lydia , they pointed their weapons at her head . 
 `` just in time to watch the show . '' 
 she put a knife to my throat . 
 silver , it burned like fire . 
 smoke rose in an unpleasant stream in front of my face . 
 `` we will kill her to get to you , '' edward murmured . 
 `` it is our way . '' 
 `` not my way . '' 
 nic stepped forward and the ground shifted . 
 the witchie wolves howled so loudly my ears rang , then as one they stood and encircled the ravine . 
 nic 's cell phone rang , the sound shrill and alien in the warm , waiting silence . 
 `` could be will , '' i managed . 
 with information that was n't crap . 
 nic punched the on button . 
 `` stay out of the woods . '' 
 i heard will 's voice as clearly as if the phone were pressed to my ear . 
 this increased-power deal was very handy . 
 `` too late , '' nic said . 
 will cursed . 
 `` definitely stay away from that ravine where most of the bodies are buried . 
 the greatest concentration of spiritual power is there . 
 the witchies will protect that ground , since it was by far the most desecrated . 
 it 's where they 'll come to power . '' 
 `` in two weeks ? '' 
 nic asked . '' 
 ` fraid not . 
 in some legends the dark moon is when the moon is new . 
 in others , the dark moon shares the sky with the sun . 
 the moon is always there , you just ca n't see it in the daytime . '' 
 `` the dark moon is now , '' i whispered . 
 nic 's gaze met mine . 
 understanding filled his eyes , and his grip tightened on the phone . 
 `` the witchie wolf army ca n't be killed , '' will continued . 
 `` they 're already dead . 
 you need to stop lydia from ... whatever it is she 's going to do . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` the most powerful shaman commands them . '' 
 `` lydia 's not an indian . '' 
 `` shit , '' i muttered , as i remembered will 's explanation about shamans . 
 `` blood has nothing to do with it . '' 
 `` you 're wrong . '' 
 lydia pricked my neck . 
 `` blood has everything to do with it . '' 
 the ground trembled , and lydia released me . 
 i spun as she lifted the talisman , marked with my blood , toward the sun-drenched sky . 
 `` blood to the earth , flesh to the flesh , spirits arise . '' 
 `` go ! '' 
 i shouted to the others . 
 `` run . '' 
 nic snorted . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 `` i live for this , '' edward said . 
 the two started forward , and the witchie wolves snarled . 
 both men shot at the nearest wolf . 
 their bullets went right through the bodies and into the ground . 
 `` uh-oh , '' nic muttered . 
 together they turned their weapons on lydia and the wolves charged . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shouted , but they did n't seem to hear . 
 instead they knocked the men to the grass . 
 considering how the bullets had gone through them , the witchies were awfully solid . 
 one wolf sat on each of their chests , while two others yanked their weapons away and dragged them into the trees . 
 `` keep everyone out . '' 
 lydia lowered her arms . 
 `` now it 's just you and me . '' 
 the witchie wolves howled . 
 `` and them . 
 they want to be led . 
 they do n't know what to do all alone . '' 
 lydia inched closer . 
 `` i need more blood . 
 i 'm thinking , all of it . '' 
 fury shot through me . 
 what good were years of ly-canthropy if i could n't defeat one crazy witch ? 
 with anger came strength , and energy rumbled along my skin like a flaming wind . 
 i could n't prevent the growl that tickled my throat from coming out of my mouth . 
 the sun was shining . 
 i should not feel the call of the moon , but i did . 
 `` do n't fight it , '' lydia murmured . 
 `` shift . 
 in the daylight . 
 you 'll feel a whole lot better . '' 
 `` that is what she wants , '' edward shouted . 
 `` do not do it . '' 
 lydia 's laughter tickled my spine like a feather . 
 `` are n't you tired of him telling you what to do ? '' 
 `` no , '' i lied . 
 `` if you knew everything there was to know , you 'd change your mind . '' 
 `` i doubt that . '' 
 `` let 's find out . '' 
 i blinked , and she was gone . 
 `` do you know who your mother was ? '' 
 her voice seemed to come from everywhere . 
 the trees , the sky . 
 where the hell was she ? 
 `` she was a werewolf , '' i answered . 
 `` edward killed her . '' 
 `` yes , but do you know why ? '' 
 `` she was a werewolf . '' 
 `` not why he killed her ; why she was a werewolf ? '' 
 `` bitten . '' 
 `` because of who her father was . '' 
 my mother 's father . 
 my grandfather . 
 who had he been ? 
 i 'd never asked . 
 no one had ever offered . 
 i was an orphan , my entire family wiped out by werewolves . 
 maybe that was true . 
 then again , maybe it was n't . 
 `` they came after him , but they found her . '' 
 lydia 's whisper was like a serpent hissing in my ear . 
 `` death was too easy after all he 'd done . 
 edward arrived too late to save his daughter , but he managed to save you . '' 
 i glanced in his direction . 
 the witchie wolves had moved back , allowing edward and nic to sit up but not to stand . 
 the old man stared across the ravine . 
 one look was all it took to see the truth . 
 edward mandenauer had killed his own child - my mother - then raised me as a charity case , without love or affection or honesty . 
 i could n't believe even he could be so cruel . 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 lydia 's voice tempted me . 
 `` get mad . 
 get very , very mad . 
 shift in the daylight . 
 imagine the power . '' 
 `` how do you know so much ? '' 
 i managed , my voice more a beast 's than a woman 's . 
 `` my grandmother and edward were ... close . '' 
 `` maria ? '' 
 `` maria was his wife . 
 my grandmother knew him first , loved him best , but then he left her in the lab with mengele and married maria , a slut from the city . 
 granny made sure she discovered all of edward 's secrets . 
 which she shared with me . '' 
 fury , red , hot , and bubbling , bolted through my blood , giving me strength , lending me focus , a clarity beyond anything i 'd ever known . 
 i felt the moon , despite the sun , because the moon was there , but it was dark . 
 opening my mind , i embraced the ebony sheen . 
 i welcomed the darkness , both in the sky and in me . 
 my hands became paws , claws shooting from my fingertips like razor blades . 
 the hearing , the sight , the speed of a wolf was mine . 
 when she spoke again , i was ready . 
 `` secrets are always useful . 
 eventually . '' 
 my arms shot out . 
 a pained gasp whistled through the ravine . 
 i opened my eyes and saw her . 
 my claws around her throat , i 'd made kind of a mess . 
 she was n't going to die from that wound , but she sure was going to bleed . 
 she moved her mouth , pointed at her throat . 
 i was loath to release her in case she disappeared . 
 wait a minute . 
 why did n't she disappear ? 
 as if in slow motion , i watched a drop of blood fall through the air , soak into the dirt , as the witchie wolves howled . 
 the ground rippled like water , then spilled outward like the red sea . 
 i saw skulls and bones unearthed . 
 talk about desecration . 
 blood to the earth , flesh to the flesh , spirits arise . 
 that damn incantation . 
 i looked at the witchie wolves . 
 they were really wolves now . 
 i could no longer see through them , and according to will , they were unstoppable . 
 lydia began to struggle , and her peasant blouse shifted , revealing the talisman . 
 `` mine , '' i growled . 
 tangling a paw through the loop , i yanked , then tossed lydia across the ravine . 
 she hit the ground and lay still . 
 suddenly everything was quiet . 
 i glanced at the others . 
 edward winced . 
 i looked at nic . 
 he pointed toward his eyes , wiggled his fingers . 
 my eyes , my hands , were still wolf , so i took a deep breath , imagined myself human , and i was . 
 the talisman 's rope was wrapped around my wrist . 
 i left it there . 
 `` i have never seen such a thing in all of my life . '' 
 edward stared at the witchie wolves . 
 they were frozen , uncertain . 
 nic crossed the ground in four quick steps and yanked me into his arms . 
 edward went straight to lydia . 
 `` is it over ? '' 
 nic asked , his lips against my hair . 
 `` not quite . '' 
 billy strode into the ravine , along with several other men . 
 i recognized them . 
 the werewolves from the basement disarmed edward . 
 `` is there anyone not after you ? '' 
 edward snapped . 
 before i could answer , billy grabbed nic by the back of the neck and tossed him away as easily as i 'd tossed lydia . 
 `` i promised you the flesh of the j ger-suchers , '' billy said . 
 `` take him , too . '' 
 i started to go after nic , and billy backhanded me across the face . 
 `` it 's our time now . '' 
 before i could think , concentrate , shift as i 'd done with lydia , billy hit me again . 
 then he grabbed me around the waist , yanked me against him and kissed me , sucking the blood from my lips . 
 the guy was just not right in the head . 
 i struggled , but billy was both a very large , muscular man and an ancient and powerful werewolf . 
 he lifted his head and stared into my face . 
 `` i 've been waiting so long for this . '' 
 i closed my eyes against the madness in his . 
 i could n't feel the moon , could n't concentrate past my fear . 
 his body against mine , his scent filled my nose . 
 his teeth nibbled at my throat as his hands clutched my breasts . 
 there was no way i could focus well enough to marshal the power needed to defeat him , and billy knew it . 
 sounds of a battle rose nearby . 
 edward was fighting the basement werewolves for his life , and i could n't help . 
 `` i knew you 'd kick lydia 's ass , '' billy said . 
 `` then i 'd kick yours , and the army would be mine . '' 
 a chill trickled over my skin . 
 billy in charge of the witchie wolf army ? 
 the world would no longer be fit for anyone or anything . 
 i doubted he 'd care . 
 `` the witchie wolves . '' 
 the voice was nic 's - faint , groggy , but alive . 
 billy snarled and turned toward him . 
 `` no . '' 
 i grabbed billy 's arm . 
 he punched me , right in the nose , and i flew across the ravine , hitting the ground so hard my teeth rattled . 
 but i 'd gotten my wish , he came after me instead of nic . 
 i tried to get up , but my head spun . 
 my nose bled . 
 my teeth felt loose . 
 billy grabbed me by the shirt and slammed me into the ground . 
 `` lydia was right . 
 i 'll just do you when you 're dead . '' 
 he wrapped his huge hands around my throat . 
 `` you 'll be a lot less trouble that way , and really , i could care less what i fuck . '' 
 i tried to speak , but he was squeezing too hard , so i grabbed his fingers and pulled . 
 he laughed . 
 `` you are n't strong enough . 
 you never were . 
 hell , you killed me once , and it did n't stick . 
 you 'll never get another chance . '' 
 `` you 're wrong , '' i managed . 
 `` i am stronger . '' 
 billy smirked and released me . 
 `` prove it . '' 
 i did n't have to fight him . 
 nic 's words had made me remember . 
 only the most powerful shaman commanded the witchie wolf army . 
 but a shaman 's power had nothing to do with physical strength and everything to do with magic , mystery , and belief . 
 i captured the icon between my fingers . 
 either this worked , or we all died . 
 `` kill him , '' i whispered . 
 then , as the witchie wolves howled and understanding rolled over billy 's face , everything went black . 
 embrace the power . 
 complete the quest . 
 the answer lies in you . 
 the words came out of the darkness , in a voice i did n't recognize . 
 i awoke to a whole new world - a beautiful place , full of color and light and scent . 
 people and animals meandered about , enjoying the sun that sparkled on clear water . 
 the lion with the lamb , black people with white , i even saw a coyote resting his head on the feathered breast of a chicken . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 `` you are in the land of souls . '' 
 a woman separated from those lounging near the water and walked toward me . 
 tall , slim , her hair was flowing black with only a trace of silver . 
 her face defied time ; her eyes were dark , clear , and honest . 
 her white t-shirt was tucked into a long colorful skirt . 
 she wore a ring on each finger and on two of her toes . 
 three earrings hung from each ear and bracelets jangled around her slim wrists . 
 `` am i dead ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 her smile was gentle . 
 she took my hand . 
 `` but i am . '' 
 `` you 're cora . '' 
 her brows lifted . 
 `` will spoke of you . '' 
 her expression became both fond and sad . 
 `` he 's a good boy , and i miss him . 
 tell him all that i have is his . '' 
 `` he 'll like that . '' 
 i considered the beautiful , dead old woman . 
 `` you engineered everything , did n't you ? '' 
 `` lydia told me what she had planned . '' 
 cora shrugged . 
 `` i planned better . '' 
 `` you gave me strength . '' 
 `` no . 
 the strength was always yours . 
 the talisman was merely an instrument that allowed you to access it . '' 
 she brushed her hands together . 
 `` now , i promised you the truth . '' 
 `` you did ? '' 
 `` embrace what you are , discover the secret you seek . '' 
 `` that was you ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` why did n't you just tell me who the bad guys were ? '' 
 `` the land of souls does n't work that way . 
 only through accepting yourself could you ever become whole and learn the truth . '' 
 i was n't sure i could handle any more truth . 
 `` because you defeated the one who ended my days , i can grant you the answer to a single question . 
 all you need do is ask . '' 
 there was only one question i 'd ever wanted the answer to . 
 `` what is the cure for lycanthropy ? '' 
 `` you do n't wish to know how to cure yourself ? '' 
 `` is n't it the same thing ? '' 
 `` the cure for one will not cure the other . 
 you are different . 
 you must choose . '' 
 myself or all the werewolves ? 
 once the decision would have been easy . 
 i had loathed what i was , would have done anything to remove the curse , cure the virus . 
 but i 'd learned a lot in the past few days . 
 edward might hate me , but that was his problem . 
 i no longer did . 
 i could help people , save lives . 
 nic had n't run screaming . 
 yet . 
 however , he could when he discovered i might never be cured . 
 i paused to think , but i did n't really have to . 
 i could n't choose an easy life over hundreds , thousands of deaths . 
 i just could n't . 
 `` them , not me , '' i said . 
 `` you wish to have the power to remove the demon and make werewolves human again ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` a sacrifice , '' cora murmured . 
 `` for the good of mankind . 
 in the end , you will be blessed . '' 
 she took me by the hand . 
 when she released me , a pentagram remained , stark black against the pale of my palm . 
 `` mark of the wolf , '' she told me . 
 `` the power to heal . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` the gift was always in you . 
 you fought what you were . 
 you refused to embrace the beast . 
 relying on science to turn back the tide of magic . '' 
 cora shook her head . 
 `` there is no cure that comes from a bottle . '' 
 `` but science made the monsters . 
 or at least some of them . '' 
 `` hate makes monsters . 
 those who worshipped the sign of the beast attempted to bring about doomsday , and they failed . '' 
 `` nazis ? 
 the swastika ? '' 
 `` no one should call forth powers they do not understand . '' 
 `` i 'll be able to cure werewolves now ? '' 
 `` you are woman and wolf - human and inhuman . 
 only you can touch them and make them whole . '' 
 the land of souls shimmered , faded , and was gone . 
 `` elise ? '' 
 i opened my eyes . 
 either the sun was setting or a storm was coming . 
 the ravine was shadowed , cool , a bit spooky . 
 i could smell blood , a lot of it , along with wolves , people . 
 how long had i been - where had i been ? 
 nic , who was on his knees at my side , leaned over and kissed me . 
 a thorough kiss , both sweet and seductive . 
 i lifted my arms and wrapped them around his neck . 
 `` can we save the pornographic video for later ? 
 i got questions . '' 
 that was jessie 's voice . 
 when had she gotten here ? 
 nic lifted his head , touched my cheek . 
 there were shadows in his eyes that had n't been there before . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you were dead . '' 
 `` was not . '' 
 `` you did n't have a pulse . '' 
 jessie leaned over and put her finger to my neck . 
 `` you do now . '' 
 i slapped her hand away . 
 `` i saw cora in the land of souls . '' 
 everyone went silent . 
 jessie and nic exchanged glances . 
 i could tell by their expressions they thought i 'd lost my mind . 
 maybe i had . 
 i 'd been hit hard enough to jiggle my brain . 
 `` cora , '' i began , but stopped when jessie pointed her .44 at my head . 
 `` what 's on your hand ? '' 
 i blinked at the black pentagram glistening starkly in the half-light . 
 the land of souls had n't been a dream after all . 
 `` cora touched me and there it was . '' 
 `` last time there was a tattoo like that it was on a weendigo , '' jessie said . 
 `` i hate those guys . '' 
 nic slid in front of jessie 's .44 . 
 `` put the gun down . '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 i tugged on his arm . 
 `` she is n't going to shoot me . '' 
 `` damn straight i will , doc . 
 i 'm not going through that weendigo shit again , even for you . '' 
 `` a pentagram with one point ascendant represents good . '' 
 edward 's voice - my grandfather 's voice - drifted across the ravine . 
 `` two points ascendant means evil . '' 
 jessie leaned in close , squinting at my palm . 
 `` one up - guess you are n't satan 's handmaiden after all . '' 
 i rolled my eyes , wincing at the pain the movement caused in my head . 
 struggling to sit , i glanced in edward 's direction . 
 all of the werewolves from the basement , save one , were on the ground , dead bodies still smoking . 
 edward guarded the remaining lycanthrope , rifle nearly touching the guy 's nose . 
 `` how did you manage to arrive in the nick of time ? '' 
 i asked jessie . 
 `` will had a bad feeling . '' 
 she shrugged , kicked the ground . 
 `` his feelings come true a lot . 
 when he went to talk to the wigwam guy , i headed here . '' 
 she lifted her gaze to mine . 
 `` lucky i did . '' 
 the witchie wolves surrounded what was left of billy . 
 even though he 'd deserved what he got , my eyes still shied away from the remains . 
 wait a second . 
 someone was missing . 
 `` where 's lydia ? '' 
 `` poof , '' jessie said . 
 `` we got a little busy with ... '' her nod indicated the werewolves , billy , me . 
 `` when we looked , she was gone . 
 though edward did find something interesting in her pocket before she left . '' 
 jessie held out her hand . 
 in it lay a set of dentures and a bottle of clear liquid . 
 `` okay , i 'll bite . '' 
 jessie snorted at my pathetic pun . 
 `` what the hell is that ? '' 
 `` we could n't figure out how the bodies were being bitten by a werewolf in human form when damien said there was no evidence of a werewolf in fairhaven . '' 
 `` how were they ? '' 
 `` they were n't - not really . 
 we think lydia made an impression of billy 's teeth , collected his saliva , then did the deed herself . '' 
 `` why billy ? '' 
 `` the usual reason , most likely , power . 
 he was loaded with it . 
 i figure lydia did n't want to release him if she did n't have to . 
 that guy was whacked . '' 
 `` but the compound blew up , he got out , came here , and she had no choice but to work with him . '' 
 `` great minds , '' jessie agreed , and glanced at the bloody grass . 
 `` guess we 'll never know the truth for sure , but it all fits . '' 
 `` lydia 's going to try and rule the world again , '' i said . 
 `` they always do . 
 but we 'll be here to stop her . 
 unless i have to shoot you in the head . 
 tell the tale , doc . '' 
 quickly i explained my journey to the land of souls . 
 `` you 've been wasting your time and the government 's money ? 
 all you had to do was touch them , and they 'd be human ? '' 
 `` not exactly . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` i 've touched a few werewolves . 
 got a headache . 
 never cured one . '' 
 `` so what 's special now . 
 the mark ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 as my mind cleared , everything cora had said began to combine with all that i 'd learned , all that i knew . 
 `` not the mark , but what it represents . 
 embracing my power , the magic , and my beast gave me strength and led me to the truth . '' 
 `` i guess that makes as much sense as anything , '' jessie said . 
 `` so why do n't we find out if that brand-new fashion accessory works ? '' 
 i followed jessie 's gaze to the werewolf edward held under the gun . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` wait . '' 
 nic put a hand on my shoulder . 
 `` maybe you should rest first . 
 who knows what might happen ? '' 
 `` exactly , g-man . 
 who knows what might happen ? 
 she 's the most powerful werewolf now . 
 i do n't know about you , but that makes me mighty nervous . '' 
 `` she was the most powerful werewolf all along , '' nic said . 
 i glanced at the witchie wolves . 
 `` he 's right . '' 
 jessie aimed her gun and so did edward . 
 no moss on them . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 `` she commands the witchie wolf army , '' edward murmured . 
 `` they are indestructible . '' 
 `` so if i 'm of a mind to rule the world - '' `` you can , '' jessie finished . 
 however , i 'd never been big on world domination . 
 `` wait for me in the land of souls , '' i said . 
 before the last word left my mouth , the witchie wolves began to fade . 
 flesh and bone became ghost , ghost became shadow , and then they were gone . 
 `` oookay , '' jessie muttered . 
 `` they ca n't be killed , but they can be commanded to wait in heaven . 
 works for me . '' 
 she lowered her gun . 
 `` let 's move on . 
 i want to know if that pentagram is good or evil - '' `` she just proved she 's not evil , '' nic said . 
 `` she got rid of the witchies . '' 
 `` that proved she 's the most powerful . 
 i do n't like it . '' 
 `` i 'm not wild about it myself , '' i murmured . 
 `` and if she 's evil , you shoot her ? '' 
 nic asked . 
 jessie merely turned a bland gaze in his direction . 
 stupid question . 
 `` i wo n't let you . '' 
 `` you wo n't have anything to say about it . '' 
 nic 's hand crept toward his gun and i put mine on his . 
 `` i 'm not evil . 
 she wo n't kill me . 
 and this is going to work . 
 watch . '' 
 i got to my feet , managed not to wobble . 
 this day , this week , hell , this life , was taking a lot out of me . 
 i crossed the ravine , skirting the mess that had been billy . 
 the last werewolf from the basement , jack mc-grady , stared at me in fear . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he tried to skitter back . 
 edward thrust him forward . 
 `` do it . '' 
 `` i do n't want to be human , '' jack shouted . 
 `` would you rather be dead ? '' 
 edward shoved the barrel of a rifle into jack 's ear . 
 jack was just a kid . 
 he 'd had his whole life ahead of him - in 1955 . 
 since then , he 'd made a career of ending other kids ' lives . 
 i did n't feel an ounce of guilt over using him as my guinea pig . 
 reaching out , i placed my tattooed palm against his forehead . 
 i braced for the ice pick of pain . 
 instead , all i felt was darkness - like a blanket over my mind . 
 somewhere in that darkness , the soul that had been jack at eighteen whimpered . 
 a tiny light became brighter and brighter , and suddenly the shadows were gone . 
 jack stared at me in confusion . 
 he appeared exactly the same as he had when i 'd touched him . 
 he had n't aged fifty years . 
 he did n't sport deadly wounds he could no longer heal . 
 the only thing that was different were his eyes . 
 there was no longer a demon panting to get out . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he glanced around the clearing , flinching at the carnage . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 `` get him out of here , '' i told edward . 
 `` not so fast , '' he murmured . 
 `` perhaps we should perform one final test . '' 
 `` what kind of test ? '' 
 `` the full moon comes . '' 
 i glanced up . 
 night approached . 
 i had been in the land of souls longer than i 'd thought . 
 a hum filled my head , a desperate need ; thirst pressed at the back of my throat . 
 i was both different and still the same . 
 fumbling in my pocket , i found the spare vial of serum and drained it in one long pull . 
 the pulsing call of the moon and the intense craving for blood receded . 
 `` when the moon hits the sky , if he does n't change , he is healed . '' 
 edward glanced at me . 
 `` if you have cured him , you will have more work in your future than you will be able to manage . 
 you will not have time for kissy-kissy with the fbi . '' 
 a flash of annoyance at the man 's audacity caused me to speak more sharply to him than i ever had before . 
 `` that 's all you have to say ? 
 no words of wisdom for your granddaughter ? 
 no apology ? '' 
 `` apologize ? 
 for what ? '' 
 `` my mother . 
 your daughter . '' 
 i could have sworn i saw him flinch , but it might have just been a trick of the fading sunlight through the dappled trees . 
 edward mandenauer cared for no one and nothing but the hunt . 
 `` i had no choice , '' he said . 
 `` you had a choice with me . 
 you could have told me who i was . 
 given me some affection . '' 
 `` no i could n't . '' 
 his bony shoulders slumped , and he turned toward the horizon . 
 `` i 've lost too many women i love . 
 every time the monsters took another , a part of me was destroyed . '' 
 `` he must have lost a lot of women , '' jessie muttered . 
 i moved across the dry leaves until i stood right behind the man who was my grandfather . 
 `` i did n't know what you would become , '' he said quietly , `` if i might have to kill you someday . 
 how could i bounce you on my knee and tell you everything would be all right ? 
 would n't that have been a bigger lie than all the others ? '' 
 i was n't sure , but i saw his dilemma . 
 besides , the idea of him bouncing a child on his knee was more frightening than some of the things that wandered the night . 
 `` when i shifted , why did n't you kill me ? '' 
 `` every time i looked at you , i saw ... '' `` who ? '' 
 `` you have your grandmother 's eyes . '' 
 he took a deep breath and straightened his sloping shoulders . 
 `` i was right to keep you . 
 you were the key to everything . '' 
 `` funny how that worked out . '' 
 `` life has a way of coming full circle if you give it enough time . '' 
 `` you could have told me the truth after i came back from stanford . '' 
 `` by then it was too late . 
 too many lies . 
 and i did n't want anyone to know . '' 
 `` how mortifying to have a granddaughter who turns furry . '' 
 `` yes , it is . '' 
 he walked away without another word . 
 some things never changed . 
 `` well , that was ... interesting . '' 
 jessie shifted her gun toward jack , who was so confused he appeared in a near-catatonic state . 
 i stared at edward , who had gotten as far away from us as he could without leaving the ravine . 
 `` he 'll come around . '' 
 nic touched my shoulders . 
 `` somewhere inside his icy cold heart he loves you . '' 
 `` i doubt that . '' 
 i turned in his arms . 
 `` i 'm always going to be the way i am , and he 'll never be able to love what he hates . '' 
 i paused and considered the rest . 
 i had to tell nic the truth . 
 there 'd been too many lies for too long . 
 `` i had a choice in the land of souls . 
 i could have become human instead of ... '' i lifted my palm . 
 `` and left the world to rot ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 you made the right choice , elise . '' 
 some of the tension slid out of me . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 the sun inched below the horizon , and i shuddered as the silver glow of the moon threatened . 
 moving out of nic 's embrace , i murmured , `` stand back . '' 
 the moon rose , spilling light into the shadow , spilling magic across us all . 
 jack did n't change , but i did . 
 instantaneous and without pain i became a wolf . 
 wild and free , i ran through the night . 
 my beast at one with myself , i felt a peace i 'd never suspected could exist within me and a power beyond anything i 'd imagined . 
 as dawn filled the sky , i returned to the cabin . 
 all was quiet . 
 edward was gone , along with jack . 
 will was back . 
 i was certain jessie had already called leigh , and soon i 'd be able to fix damien . 
 life was good . 
 i slipped into the bathroom and turned on the shower , then i stared at the brand-new me in the mirror . 
 no makeup , hair tousled and cascading to my waist , i appeared younger , probably because the lines of worry and stress had flown , along with the shadows . 
 i did n't think i 'd ever wear a suit again , to hell with panty hose , but i 'd have to get some new italian shoes . 
 i liked them too much to give up . 
 my days in the lab were over , which was lucky since there was n't any lab . 
 i had places to go , werewolves to find , and i knew just who i was going to take with me . 
 as if my thoughts had conjured him up , nic slipped into the room . 
 his arms slid around my waist . 
 he kissed my neck , then glanced into the mirror . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` better than okay . 
 what about you ? '' 
 `` same . '' 
 he laid his cheek on top of my head . 
 `` or at least i am now . '' 
 `` we won . 
 most of the bad guys are dead . 
 everyone on our side still alive . 
 sometimes that does n't happen . '' 
 i hesitated . 
 nic wanted me , that much i knew , but he 'd never mentioned love . 
 i still did n't want him to leave - ever . 
 `` i have a proposition for you . '' 
 nic wiggled his eyebrows and i laughed . 
 `` not that kind . 
 a job . '' 
 `` i 've got one . '' 
 my hopes fell . 
 it really was n't fair to ask him to give up a career he was so good at . 
 `` edward hired me . '' 
 my head came up so fast i nearly clipped him in the nose . 
 `` hey ! 
 take it easy . '' 
 i spun around . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` he pointed out that i could n't go back to the tame old fbi now that i 'd seen the true nature of the world . 
 he 's right . '' 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 now that i knew he was going to become a j-s agent , i was scared . 
 he could get killed a whole lot easier that way . 
 `` i accepted the offer , although i think edward was just trying to be nice - '' `` he does n't know how . '' 
 `` there 'll be a lot of legal issues to work out . '' 
 `` like ? '' 
 `` are cured werewolves responsible for the actions they committed while possessed ? '' 
 huh . 
 that was a toughie . 
 `` i 'm going to be ... a liaison i guess you 'd call it - between the j ¨ ¹ ger-suchers and the feds . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` someone has to . '' 
 i breathed a secret sigh of relief . 
 that sounded safer than blasting monsters with silver . 
 although i had a feeling nic was n't going to stay in the office 24/7 . 
 `` as long as that 's what you want . '' 
 `` after all these years my law degree is going to come in handy . '' 
 nic tilted his head . 
 `` i still think edward is trying to make up for his mistakes . '' 
 nic did n't know edward . 
 the man apologized never , admitted he was wrong ... also never . 
 still - i stared at the pentagram on my palm . 
 times changed . 
 edward and i would have a talk - a long one - about my mother and grandmother , and my father , too . 
 we 'd need to discuss our pasts and the future . 
 `` whatever his reasons , '' nic continued , `` i agree with him . 
 the fbi was just a job ; the j ¨ ¹ ger-suchers are a lifestyle . '' 
 `` if we ever need a recruiting poster , i 'll be sure to use that . '' 
 `` ha-ha . '' 
 he tugged on the ends of my hair . 
 `` edward was right about one thing . 
 this is just the beginning . 
 there are a lot of werewolves to find , and someone has to hold them down while you heal them . 
 if you do n't mind a rookie on your team . '' 
 `` i ca n't think of anyone i 'd rather have next to me . '' 
 he went still . 
 everything that had n't been said , and a lot that had , hung in the air between us . 
 `` elise , i - '' i caught my breath , uncertain of what he meant to say - fearing one thing , hoping for another , not really certain what would be the best for us both . 
 `` i 've been an ass , '' he blurted . 
 `` which time ? '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` would you let me finish ? '' 
 `` sorry . 
 far be it from me to stop a man when he 's admitting to being an ass . '' 
 `` you 're funny . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` i was an ass when i said there was nothing between us but sex . '' 
 i no longer had any desire to make a joke . 
 `` there 's more than that ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` i love you . 
 always have . '' 
 `` this was n't something you thought i should know ? '' 
 `` you left me , elise , when everything was great . 
 i had no idea why . 
 i figured there was something wrong with me . '' 
 `` not quite . '' 
 `` when i found out the truth - well , it was a little hard to declare everlasting love while you were drooling . '' 
 `` now who 's funny ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 that he could joke was encouraging . 
 only if he was comfortable with what i was , would he be able to do that . 
 the weight on my chest lifted just a little . 
 `` all this secret j-s stuff , conspiracies , witches , silver bullets - i was afraid you might be killed . 
 i did n't know if i could stand to lose you twice . 
 i did n't handle the first time well at all . '' 
 `` you did n't ? '' 
 `` when you disappeared , i lost it . 
 spent months searching . 
 sometimes i think i went into the fbi subconsciously believing i could find you that way . 
 but years went by , and you were just gone . 
 i got over you . '' 
 `` you did ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i told myself i had . 
 believed it , too . 
 until i walked into that office and saw you again . 
 i thought my heart had stopped . '' 
 `` mine did . '' 
 `` you 've been a part of me from the day i first dropped that book on your foot . 
 i do n't ever want to be separated from you again . '' 
 `` and i do n't want you to be . 
 except - '' i took a deep breath . 
 there were quite a few things that we had to discuss . 
 i loved nic , but i 'd been given a job to do , and no one could stop me from doing it . 
 not even him . 
 `` you need to know what you 're getting into . '' 
 `` a life with you . 
 it 's all i 've ever wanted . '' 
 `` life with me means no life , nic . 
 constant threats , too much work , the high probability of a bloody death . '' 
 `` and that differs from my present life how ? '' 
 `` being an fbi agent is a far cry from being a j ¨ ¹ ger-sucher . '' 
 `` i know , '' he said . 
 `` i can hardly wait to start . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` there 'll be no children . '' 
 `` i do n't recall saying i wanted some . '' 
 `` you did . 
 when we were at stanford . '' 
 `` when i was a kid myself . 
 for me the world 's a different place than it was last week . 
 bringing children into it ... i 'm not sure that 's the best idea . '' 
 my thoughts kept coming out of his mouth . 
 eerie . 
 `` you 're all i need , elise . 
 my dream has always been you . '' 
 `` i 'm more like a nightmare . '' 
 `` you 're the same you i fell in love with , both then and now . 
 becoming a wolf under the moon does n't change anything . '' 
 `` then you have n't been paying attention . '' 
 `` i see who you are inside . '' '' 
 woof , woof , '' i mocked . 
 `` that 's only a small part . '' 
 `` shows what you know . '' 
 `` i know the truth , and i do n't give a damn . 
 you 're elise hanover . 
 you collect toy crows and italian shoes . 
 you like rare cheeseburgers and white wine . '' 
 `` not together . '' 
 `` you laugh at my jokes , when i used to make them . 
 now that i 've found you , i might even learn to laugh again myself . '' 
 `` did you know i wo n't age ? 
 ever . '' 
 my gaze wandered over the sparkle of gray in his hair , the lines the sun , the wind , time had put next to his eyes and his mouth . 
 `` i 'm always going to appear to be twenty-two , which is going to get harder and harder to explain . '' 
 `` who do we have to explain it to ? 
 the people who matter know the truth . '' 
 i 'd never looked at the situation quite like that before . 
 still ... `` you 'll die , '' i murmured , eyes burning . 
 `` and i wo n't . '' 
 `` everyone dies , elise . '' 
 `` not me . 
 at least not from disease or old age . '' 
 `` you 'd rather not be together at all than worry about my expiring ahead of you ? 
 the way i see it , your days are a little more numbered than mine . '' 
 i frowned . 
 he made excellent points . 
 nic grabbed me around the waist and hauled me against him . 
 `` you can try and convince me to leave you for the rest of our lives , but the only thing that 'll make me go is your telling me you do n't love me . '' 
 i stared into his eyes . 
 was he hiding his doubts ? 
 i could n't see any . 
 all i saw was love . 
 when i continued to hesitate , he leaned in slowly , giving me time to protest , to escape , to lie and tell him i did n't want him , did n't need him , did n't love him . 
 i could n't , so with a kiss , i surrendered . 
 he lifted me into his arms and carried me across the hall to the bedroom . 
 excitement prickled along my skin as he laid me on the bed . 
 as our lips touched , our bodies joined to the sound of gentle whispers and promises for a future that suddenly seemed so bright . 
 there was nothing we could n't accomplish . 
 `` together , '' nic murmured . 
 later , much later , when the sun was high in the sky , and we were still in bed , i contemplated the white wolf icon nic had brought back from the forest . 
 i should destroy the thing , but ... you never knew when something like this might come in handy . 
 instead , i slipped the talisman around my neck , and it settled comfortably between my breasts . 
 the moon would always call to me , and that was okay . 
 that was as it should be . 
 instead of dread i awaited the next month with anticipation . 
 the monsters would change the rules again - they always did - and the j ¨ ¹ ger-suchers would have to adapt . 
 what would the future bring ? 
 a phone rang somewhere in the house . 
 nic woke up and glanced my way , then took the hand marked by the pentagram and kissed me right on my tattoo . 
 `` i love this , '' he whispered . 
 `` very hot . '' 
 for nic , i never had to be anything other than what i was . 
 what a gift . 
 what a guy . 
 there was a knock on the door . 
