 angela inhaled the various forest scents and tried to steady her breathing . 
 she knew she was insane to sneak onto the land of the most powerful werewolf in the united states . 
 but she had no choice . 
 her best friend had been taken by these animals and she planned to get her back . 
 she did n't care what her tribe leader , titus , said . 
 she 'd been stuck living with his coven for the past fifty years and while she normally did n't mind his draconian rules , she 'd gladly suffer the consequences to get natalia back . 
 if she was still alive . 
 who knew what those animals had done to her by now ? 
 natalia had only been gone about a week but the animosity between vampires and werewolves went back thousands of years . 
 it did n't matter that in a few months their two species would be signing a peace treaty . 
 right now nothing had been signed and her friend was fair game . 
 the icy wind whistled through the leaves of the giant red oak trees . 
 even though it was january , a lot of the foliage was still thick and would help block her scent . 
 she peered around the giant tree she 'd been using as cover . 
 her eyes narrowed when she spotted the outline of a huge male by another tree about forty yards away . 
 even though he was in human form , she knew he was a shifter . 
 of the wolf variety if she scented right . 
 luck was on her side since she was downwind of him . 
 withdrawing her gun , she glanced around the rest of the forest but did n't see or smell anything else unusual . 
 since his back was to her , she darted twenty yards closer until she hid behind another large tree . 
 she was n't sure if she could take on a trained , warrior wolf by herself so she knew she could n't miss this first shot . 
 raising her weapon , she held her breath and aimed directly for the spot below his skull . 
 the small puff of noise the tranquilizer dart made as it shot through her suppresser was enough for him to notice . 
 he stiffened but it was too late . 
 by the time he turned toward her , the tranq was already embedded deep in his skin . 
 the giant shifter stumbled once , twisted in her direction then narrowed his gaze at her before he fell face-first in the dirt and grass . 
 her friend mick had been right . 
 those sedatives did their job fast . 
 unfortunately it would n't last long on a shifter his size . 
 she quickly secured his hands behind his back with silver bindings , took his weapons and his radio . 
 if others found out about her presence , she 'd know about it soon enough . 
 she hooked the radio on her belt and tossed his guns and blades behind a nearby tree before continuing north . 
 she 'd been traveling on foot for miles so she knew it would n't be long until she reached her destination . 
 the sound of nearby male voices made her freeze in her tracks . 
 instead of trying to hide , she crouched down where she was . 
 until she figured out where the voices were coming from , she did n't want to make any sudden movements or risk anyone scenting her . 
 `` i 've been trying to get king on his radio but he wo n't pick up , '' one of them said . 
 another male chuckled . 
 `` he 's probably getting a piece of tail ... hey , what the ... '' crap . 
 they 'd spotted her . 
 with her heightened night vision she could finally see the two outlines of male figures near a tree line . 
 judging by their stiff and alert posture , they 'd seen her , too . 
 it did n't matter that she wore all dark camouflage , blended in with her surroundings and had a much lower heat signature than they did . 
 all they 'd have to do was see something about her that did n't blend in with nature . 
 like her eyes . 
 they likely looked like freaking christmas lights to them . 
 she had two options . 
 one was running . 
 even if she escaped it would n't matter . 
 her friend would still be captive . 
 she 'd have to take the other option - go on the offensive . 
 wordlessly she jumped from her position and sprinted at them . 
 from what she could scent , there were only two of them and they had n't made a move to notify anyone of her presence . 
 probably because they thought they could take her on their own . 
 and maybe they could . 
 as she ran , they silently spread out to her right and left . 
 despite her keen awareness she could n't read their expressions in the dark . 
 knowing she 'd only be able to bring one of them down at a time , she raised her gun and fired at the one on her right . 
 the soft thud of the tranq hitting flesh was music to her ears . 
 `` oh , shit ... '' he hit the ground faster than the first guy . 
 before she could even think about swinging her arm around to take a second shot , a heavy weight rammed into her . 
 damn wolves were just as fast as she was . 
 she flew through the air and landed on her side . 
 all the air rushed from her lungs but she quickly jumped to her feet to square off with the werewolf . 
 to her surprise , the male had n't shifted form . 
 he still wore black cargo pants and a long-sleeved black shirt . 
 `` what are you doing on our land , little vampire ? '' 
 his voice was almost mocking . 
 little ? 
 baring her teeth , she lunged at him , fist raised . 
 he dodged her punch but she was ready for him . 
 she might be one of the youngest of her species but she was agile and she trained every day . 
 as he moved his head to the left , she kicked out , high and hard . 
 when her booted foot made contact with the other side of his head , he grunted a string of curses . 
 he hit the ground with a thud and she heard the unmistakable growl of the beast within him . 
 he 'd be shifting soon . 
 and while he did , she 'd be hauling ass away from him . 
 werewolves were weakest when they shifted form and she knew it would give her time to run . 
 she could stick around and try to tranq him , too , but knocking out a wolf in shifted form was a lot harder . 
 as his body started to change form , she turned and ran . 
 behind her , she heard the breaking and snapping of his bones . 
 her heart slammed against her ribs . 
 would n't be much longer now before she was being hunted . 
 her legs pumped hard and her palms dampened . 
 now was n't the time to freak out . 
 she had to keep a level head . 
 as she breached the clearing of trees , her heart jumped into her throat . 
 a brick house - a freaking mansion - lay on a giant spread of land surrounded by the forest . 
 she did n't know how many rooms it had but the mansion had to be as big , if not bigger , than the one she lived in with thirty other vampires . 
 there were at least a dozen males patrolling the grounds and judging from their outlines , they were all armed to the teeth . 
 flipping on the radio she 'd taken , she kept the volume low . 
 as she listened to the chatter , she realized she 'd been discovered . 
 it was only a matter of time before everyone knew of her presence . 
 her instinct to fight kicked in with a rush of raw rage she 'd never experienced before . 
 she might be outnumbered but she 'd come this far . 
 no turning back now . 
 using one of her main advantages - lightning fast speed - she rushed toward the house . 
 her boots barely touched the earth as she sprinted right into the den of wolves . 
 the patrolling males stopped and a few uttered surprised curses but she ignored them . 
 if she could get in the house , she could find her friend . 
 after that ... well , she had n't exactly thought that far ahead yet . 
 a low , guttural growl sounded to her left . 
 a werewolf with gleaming white teeth hurtled through the air toward her . 
 using all her lower body strength , she jumped high in the air . 
 she could n't clear the six foot beast so she used his back as a springboard and landed on the hard earth . 
 at least she landed on both feet . 
 when she hit the ground , she did n't pause . 
 some of the werewolves ran at her in human form while others shifted to their animal form . 
 she kept going full speed . 
 the growling and snapping behind her was terrifying . 
 blood rushed so loudly in her ears it was all she could do to try to block out those vicious sounds . 
 she could n't get distracted by her fear . 
 just a little bit farther ... her thigh muscles strained again as she prepared to leap . 
 as she got closer to the brick monstrosity , she leaped through the air again and latched on to a stone balcony railing . 
 using all her strength she hoisted herself up and propelled over it . 
 two french doors greeted her but she did n't bother trying the lock . 
 shielding her face , she jumped through it . 
 glass shattered and wood splintered everywhere but somehow she managed to stay on her feet . 
 knowing the animals were close behind and that she had minimal options , she quickly scanned the bedroom . 
 a king-size bed , and a bunch of expensive-looking furniture adorned it . 
 natalia 's scent was strong . 
 as if she 'd been there recently . 
 maybe she was still alive . 
 hope leaped in her chest . 
 angela glanced behind her to find one of the male guards standing on the balcony . 
 he was in human form . 
 his eyes were wary but he did n't hold a weapon in his hands . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt you if you 'd just - '' she glared at him and reached for her weapon . 
 as soon as she did two strong arms encircled her from behind . 
 twisting and struggling she fought the viselike grip . 
 when she felt her attacker 's hard-on against the small of her back she screamed and lashed out with her foot , connecting with his instep . 
 it did n't faze him . 
 `` you perverted beast ! '' 
 she twisted until she could see the shifter 's face then froze . 
 it was him . 
 a thousand-year-old alpha ... her old lover . 
 `` oh shit . '' 
 with pursed lips , knox shook his head . 
 `` such language , '' he murmured . 
 his charcoal eyes matched his hair , adding to that whole dark and brooding thing he had going on . 
 everything about his features was hard , sharp ... dangerous . 
 he had n't changed much since she 'd seen him last . 
 especially those eyes . 
 if she let herself , she could drown staring into them . 
 her throat tightened as she tried to think of a response . 
 with him holding her so close - `` that bitch should be strung up and punished . '' 
 she turned at the sound of a new male voice . 
 now three of them stood on the balcony . 
 damn , they were quiet . 
 or maybe she 'd just been so focused on knox she had n't heard them . 
 he still had n't let go and she braced herself , waiting for him to throw her to the wolves . 
 she was a vampire after all . 
 and she knew how much he hated her kind . 
 it was the reason she 'd left him all those years ago . 
 it might not have been her choice to be turned from human to vampire , but she 'd known knox would n't care . 
 to him , vampires were all the same . 
 or at least that 's what he 'd told her when she 'd been human . 
 she felt his body tense . 
 `` i should punish each of you for letting an intruder through our ranks . 
 you will all leave . '' 
 one of the youngest looking males opened his mouth and knox growled low in his throat . 
 `` now . '' 
 once they 'd disappeared back through the broken doors and leaped off the balcony , she clenched her fists at her sides . 
 her short nails dug into her skin . 
 the pain was a perfect distraction from her fear . 
 knox leaned down until his mouth was next to her ear . 
 his breath was warm against her skin . 
 a traitorous tingle skittered down her spine . 
 `` if i let you go will you try to run ? '' 
 she gritted her teeth , despising her physical response to him . 
 `` no . '' 
 but only because it would n't do any good . 
 he paused a moment before letting her go . 
 quickly she put three feet between them and turned to face him . 
 her breathing was uneven and ragged and she hated the terror forking through her . 
 to not be scared of him would be stupid , though . 
 she 'd seen knox 's strength before . 
 had seen him rip apart a vampire trying to hurt her in seconds . 
 with his bare hands . 
 but she 'd been human then . 
 he 'd actually cared about what happened to her and had wanted to protect her . 
 now ... well , she was a vampire . 
 it had been exactly ninety years since she 'd last seen him . 
 something she should n't remember , but it was hard not to . 
 once she 'd loved this shifter with all of her being . 
 but the moment she 'd been turned into a vampire she 'd known that no amount of love she had for him would make a difference . 
 she had been turned into his mortal enemy against her will . 
 so she 'd run from him without telling him what had happened to her . 
 she had n't been willing to risk letting him kill her . 
 knox stared at the petite vampire before him and fought to breathe . 
 angela lavigne . 
 angel , to him . 
 the nickname had driven her crazy for some reason . 
 same pale gray eyes , same midnight-black hair , much different haircut . 
 it was shorter now , falling around her face in a messy , sexy look that he knew was n't intentional . 
 she 'd been fighting his wolves and running for her life so it was only natural . 
 the moment he 'd seen her on one of his security cameras running for the house he 'd been floored , then had instantly gotten rock hard . 
 the reaction was embarrassing but she 'd always had that effect on him . 
 ninety years later , it did n't matter . 
 he had n't had much time to tell his pack to back down as they attempted to intercept her . 
 not that it had mattered . 
 she 'd run in here like she was on a suicide mission . 
 `` it 's been a long time , angel . '' 
 her eyes narrowed to slits . 
 `` do n't call me that . 
 where 's natalia ? '' 
 he was surprised by her question but he did n't move . 
 instead he allowed the anger he 'd been holding at bay to rush through him , knowing she 'd sense it . 
 `` you 're here to retrieve her for your tribe leader ? 
 you 're a bit young to be a death merchant . '' 
 he practically spat the words . 
 angela jerked back at his words . 
 `` what are you - ? '' 
 the door to the bedroom flew open and natalia barged in . 
 on instinct he put himself between the tall blonde and angela . 
 his former lover might be smaller than the other female but after seeing her in action tonight , he would n't underestimate her . 
 and natalia was extremely young and untrained , having just been turned into a vampire less than a decade ago . 
 natalia grabbed his forearm - definitely much too young to have any sort of fear of him - and stepped around him . 
 `` do n't hurt her . 
 she 's only here to protect me ! '' 
 angela stepped closer to them but ignored him . 
 `` i do n't understand , i thought you were taken by the wolves . '' 
 natalia 's face flushed a deep red as she faced her friend . 
 she cleared her throat nervously . 
 `` i was taken but not the way you think . 
 i , uh , fell in love with a werewolf and when i told titus , he threatened to kill me so i ran . '' 
 angela fell silent and it was obvious she 'd had no idea her friend had left on her own . 
 finally she spoke . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? 
 i. . . 
 thought we were friends . '' 
 the last part was said softly and even though knox knew she was trying to mask it , her friend 's deceit had hurt her . 
 more than natalia realized . 
 `` if titus questioned you , i did n't want you to know anything . 
 i thought keeping you in the dark was best for your safety . '' 
 natalia 's voice was pleading . 
 angela 's eyes hardened as she turned away from natalia . 
 she was completely cutting her emotional ties with her friend . 
 he could see it in her expression as clearly as if she 'd taken a pair of scissors and sliced through a string . 
 natalia probably did n't understand it but angela did n't give many chances to people and she had few friends . 
 or at least she 'd been that way when she was human . 
 he could only guess that now as a vampire some things had n't changed . 
 turning from the blonde vampire , angela focused on him , her gaze hard . 
 `` so what 's my punishment ? 
 torture ? 
 death ? '' 
 he could think of a dozen ways to `` punish '' her but kept his thoughts to himself because of their audience . 
 without turning away from her , he spoke to her friend . 
 `` tell everyone we have a house guest and they 're to treat her with respect while she 's here . '' 
 `` angela , i 'm so sorry . 
 if i 'd thought you 'd come after me , i would have told you . '' 
 natalia spoke quietly , desperately . 
 angela would n't look at her . 
 instead she tightened her jaw and continued to glare at him as though he was to blame for all this . 
 natalia paused , but eventually hurried from the room . 
 he held out his arm to angela and for a moment , felt as if he 'd been transported back to when she was still human . 
 back when he 'd been courting her . 
 before she 'd turned into a vampire then run from him . 
 she 'd held on to his arm then , everywhere they 'd gone . 
 just the feel of her fingers grazing his skin had turned him on . 
 `` you can stay in my room . '' 
 those pale eyes of hers turned icy . 
 she snorted and took a step back . 
 `` i do n't know what kind of games you 're playing but i 'm not staying in your room . '' 
 `` it will be daylight soon and unless you can - '' `` i 'm a day walker , '' she said quietly , as if it were no big deal . 
 as if her kind were n't the rarest of vampires . 
 practically extinct . 
 the admission surprised him . 
 most day walkers kept their existence quiet , often even among their own kind . 
 being able to walk in the sun caused hatred and jealousy in those who could n't . 
 so he had no reason to keep her . 
 not truly . 
 he sure as hell was n't going to hurt her . 
 no matter what her kind thought of him , the day he learned that angela had been turned into one , his views of vampires had changed as well . 
 like a switch flipping , his entire world had shifted . 
 suddenly he had n't thought of vampires as soulless monsters anymore . 
 not when the woman he loved had become one . 
 unfortunately she 'd run from him before he could tell her that their differences did n't matter . 
 that he did n't care what she 'd become . 
 he did n't know for certain that 's why she 'd left , but it was better than the idea she 'd run off with a vamp over him . 
 a little over fifty years ago he 'd hunted her to alaska but then he 'd lost the trail . 
 some days he 'd wondered if she was even still alive . 
 the last thing he 'd expected was for her to show up on his doorstep . 
 now that she was here , he was n't letting her go . 
 `` day walker ? '' 
 she nodded tightly . 
 `` my maker was one so ... '' her shoulders lifted in what he was sure she meant to be a casual shrug , but it came off jerky and unsteady . 
 he had so many questions for her , but he kept them to himself . 
 by law , he could keep her as long as he wanted . 
 she 'd trespassed and gone against both their species ' laws . 
 `` you will stay in my room - '' `` no way , you freaking animal ! '' 
 knowing she was baiting him , he took a deep breath . 
 `` unless you wish me to lock you in our dungeon with the feral wolves waiting to be judged , you 'll stay in my room . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around herself and shivered . 
 because of his tone or the threat , he was n't sure . 
 and he did n't care . 
 `` fine , but do n't think that means anything . '' 
 he advanced on her , partially because he needed to assert his dominance but mainly because he wanted to touch her . 
 to run his fingers all over her . 
 he kept going until she bumped against the edge of the bed and before she could react , he had her pinned on the mattress . 
 she yelped as he settled on top of her , pinning her back against the soft covers . 
 she was leaner than he remembered . 
 stronger . 
 but she was soft in all the right places . 
 her breasts pressed against him , making it hard to breathe . 
 `` you trespassed on my land , hurt members of my pack - '' `` i used tranquilizers , '' she hissed as she struggled against him . '' 
 - and damaged my property . 
 you will stay as long as i say . '' 
 `` that does n't mean i 'll sleep with you . '' 
 her voice was cold , determined . 
 `` why not ? 
 we 've done it before , '' he murmured . 
 `` so what ? 
 you 're going to force me ? '' 
 her voice slightly trembled . 
 anger surged through him that she could actually ask that question . 
 `` i would n't have to force you . '' 
 growling , she shoved at his chest . 
 the strength behind her push shocked him to his core . 
 whoever had turned her must have been a powerful vampire . 
 considering she was a day walker , he had no doubt . 
 instead of moving off her , he tightened his thighs around her then leaned closer so that their noses touched . 
 `` i can smell how much you want me , angel . '' 
 and he could . 
 it was so potent , like fresh spring rain and it nearly bowled him over . 
 she was doing her best to hide it from him but failing miserably . 
 `` that means nothing , '' she muttered . 
 instead of pushing up from her , he shifted against her , letting her feel his erection . 
 the heat and sudden burst of lust she emanated threw him off-kilter . 
 taking him by surprise , she half smiled and rolled her hips against him . 
 `` some things have n't changed , i see . '' 
 the way her soft pink lips curved up made his brain short-circuit . 
 the abrupt change in her made him falter . 
 maybe she was remembering how good they 'd been together . 
 how was it that he 'd been thinking about this moment for years but could n't think of one intelligent thing to say now ? 
 he 'd always been better with actions anyway . 
 as he leaned down , her pale eyes flared with heated desire . 
 when he cupped her face , she reached out and splayed her fingers across his chest . 
 yeah , talking could definitely wait . 
 as their lips touched , he felt a sharp jolt through his groin as she kneed him . 
 before he could react , she twisted and elbowed him across the face . 
 using her momentum , she lunged up and flipped him over until they tumbled to the ground . 
 the thud when they landed made his teeth rattle . 
 `` i 'm not some whore and if you think you can play with me , you 're wrong . 
 i do n't care if you 're the alpha of this pack or not , i 'll tear you to shreds if you try to touch me . '' 
 angela 's words were laced with a deadly promise . 
 and that turned him on more than it should have . 
 he could easily flip her off him but he liked the feel of her body on top of his . 
 he could n't remember the name of the last woman he 'd slept with . 
 but he remembered everything about angela . 
 the way she 'd willingly opened her body to him . 
 what her tight sheath had felt like as he sank into her . 
 how she moaned when she climaxed . 
 `` i did n't realize i 'd insinuated you were a whore , angel . 
 i 'm simply offering you hospitality even when you do n't deserve it . '' 
 his inner beast roared at him to assert dominance . 
 he was almost always in control of his inner wolf but right now his human side agreed with his animal side . 
 snaking his arm around her waist , he jumped up and brought her with him . 
 her eyes widened but he did n't give her a chance to fight before he threw her over his shoulder and jerked the door open . 
 two young male pack members stood there , obviously eavesdropping . 
 one cleared his throat as angela pounded against his back with her fists . 
 `` uh , we were n't sure if you 'd need backup or anything , '' the older of the two muttered as he averted his gaze to the floor . 
 knox shook his head and easily subdued angela 's attempts to get free . 
 `` as you can see , i 'm fine . 
 tell alaric to meet me in my study . '' 
 without waiting for a response , he headed down the long hallway . 
 his bedroom was on the opposite side of the house and he did n't want to put angela on display for longer than necessary . 
 `` let me go , you bastard ! '' 
 he ignored her and tightened his hold . 
 when he felt her teeth sink into his back , he flinched and shook his head . 
 `` hellcat , '' he muttered , mildly annoyed . 
 `` i changed my mind ... put me in your stupid dungeon . 
 anything 's better than being stuck with you in your room ! '' 
 she wriggled against him and bit him again . 
 harder this time . 
 gritting his teeth , he swatted her butt . 
 that only earned him another bite . 
 thank god vampire bites were n't deadly to his kind . 
 he ignored the curious and blatantly surprised stares of the pack members milling around the house . 
 once he was finally inside his room he dropped her onto the big bed in an unceremonious heap . 
 when she scrambled to her knees and started shouting profanities at him , he headed right back for the door . 
 a pillow hit him in the back of the head . 
 when he turned back toward her , he had to duck a vase sailing through the air . 
 it smashed against the wall by the door . 
 `` make yourself comfortable , you 'll be here for a while . 
 and do n't think about trying to escape . 
 i 'm putting two guards at the door and three more outside my windows . 
 they 're under strict orders to shoot you if you try to escape . 
 with silver bullets . '' 
 the last part was n't true but he did n't want to deal with hunting her down . 
 it would only waste time and prolong the inevitable . 
 angela glanced at the antique wall pendulum clock in knox 's room and silently seethed as she saw the time . 
 he 'd left her alone almost twelve hours ago . 
 she 'd snooped through all his stuff - not that she 'd found anything interesting - and dozed for a few hours . 
 at least when she 'd been looking through his stuff she 'd been able to distract herself from natalia 's betrayal . 
 everything angela had done tonight had been a complete waste of time . 
 now she was stuck under knox 's roof awaiting whatever punishment he planned to dole out and she had one less friend . 
 it stung more than she 'd admit that her friend had n't trusted her enough to confide in her . 
 had natalia really believed she 'd just let her disappearance go ? 
 angela did n't have many friends and she 'd always thought herself lucky to count natalia as one . 
 in immortal terms ten years was n't a particularly long time span but keeping a relationship that long had been a big deal to angela . 
 obviously natalia had n't viewed things the same . 
 steeling herself against those thoughts , angela shoved all her reflections aside and locked them up tight . 
 right now she needed to focus on escaping , not worry about anything else . 
 once the sun had fallen she 'd opened the heavy chocolate colored drapes and was now bathed in moonlight . 
 the daylight did n't harm her but like most of her kind she preferred the night . 
 unable to sit still , she stalked around the room . 
 each step she took , her boots sank into the thick throw rug that covered almost half the floor . 
 with no way to contact anyone and nothing to do , she was bored and annoyed and really hungry . 
 her fangs ached as she simply thought about feeding . 
 she had n't fed in almost a week but she had n't planned to be trapped here , either . 
 if she 'd fed before her normally scheduled time , her tribe leader would have wondered why , so she 'd held off . 
 besides , she thought she 'd just get in here , get out then have plenty of time to make it back home . 
 she 'd learned to control her bloodlust long ago but instinct was still instinct . 
 she needed food . 
 sighing , she eyed the giant california king-size bed in the middle of the room and tried to take her mind off her hunger . 
 an antique chest probably older than her sat at the foot of the bed and the rest of his furniture was just as old , though it was all in pristine shape . 
 the dark wood on the dresser , armoire and nightstands were all polished and shiny . 
 at least the room only smelled like him . 
 woodsy , earthy , all knox and no one else . 
 with her heightened senses she 'd know if another female shared the room with him . 
 not that she should care . 
 he could be sleeping with half his pack and it would n't be any of her business . 
 though the mere thought of him with another woman punched a giant hole in her chest . 
 as she sat down on the chest and tried to pick the lock again , the door handle wriggled then it flew open . 
 knox stood in the entryway with a scowl on his handsome face . 
 `` miss me ? '' 
 he looked stressed and tired and that only infuriated her . 
 he had no right to look that way when she 'd been cooped up like a prisoner . 
 she looked around for something to throw at him but came up empty so she stood and faced him warily . 
 `` is this part of my torture ? 
 leaving me here to die of boredom ? '' 
 something akin to guilt flashed in his eyes . 
 `` i did n't plan to be gone so long . 
 i thought about sending someone to check on you but was n't sure if you 'd attack them . '' 
 `` smart man , '' she murmured . 
 he stared at her for a long moment with those near black penetrating eyes . 
 it was almost as if he could see right through her . 
 she hated the urge she had to duck her head just to avoid the power of that gaze . 
 knox was obviously alpha for a reason . 
 finally he took a few more steps into the room and the air popped with something ... sexual . 
 why was he looking at her as if he 'd like to ravish her ? 
 they were natural born enemies . 
 `` are you hungry ? '' 
 his voice lowered as he spoke . 
 starving . 
 instead of telling him , she shrugged . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 his gaze sharpened and he covered the distance between them lightning fast . 
 before she realized what he meant to do , he pulled the collar of his shirt away and bared his neck to her . 
 `` if you need to feed , take from me . '' 
 the action was so against his nature , so ... submissive . 
 she shuddered as she stared at his pulsing vein . 
 knowing she should keep her distance did nothing to sate her most primal side . 
 feeding from another supernatural was the only way to keep up her strength . 
 but for someone like knox to offer his blood ... `` what 's the catch ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no catch . 
 you 're going to be here awhile and i wo n't allow you to feed from anyone but me . 
 take advantage , angel . '' 
 his voice dropped another notch , taking on an incredible sensual quality . 
 the way he said `` but me '' sounded so damn possessive and she liked it a little too much . 
 she hated the nickname and she hated her weakness even more , but if she wanted to escape she 'd need all the advantage she could get , especially if he kept her for a while . 
 biting her bottom lip , she stared at his neck . 
 if he 'd wanted to kill her he could have done so by now . 
 either by himself or by sending any of his pack in to finish her off . 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 damn , why did her voice have to waver ? 
 he simply nodded as he devoured her with his eyes . 
 swallowing under his intense scrutiny , she slowly leaned forward . 
 he could have offered his wrist but instead he 'd given her his neck . 
 everything about this was so intimate . 
 she 'd never been turned on from feeding before but warmth flooded her entire body , straight to the ache between her legs . 
 as her own heat built , something spicy and hot rolled off knox . 
 he wanted this as much as she did . 
 the realization made her swallow hard . 
 unable to stop herself , her fangs extended and she sank them through his flesh into his vein . 
 even though she tried to keep some sort of distance between them , he wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her tight against his muscled body . 
 when he did , she reached up and cupped the other side of his neck for support . 
 there was no way to keep herself detached from him now . 
 not after this . 
 as angel pulled and drank from him , knox 's canines extended . 
 the feel of her digging into his flesh did n't hurt . 
 the opposite in fact . 
 he felt connected to her in a way he had n't when she 'd been human . 
 his canines throbbed with the need to mark her in the same way . 
 the reaction was instinctual and the need to claim her was overwhelming . 
 he 'd known when they 'd first met she was meant for him but now he had no doubt . 
 vampire or not , she was his mate . 
 and he would claim her . 
 bite and mark her . 
 offering himself to her like this was the only way he knew to put her at ease . 
 he had n't expected to be so turned on by the feel of her drinking from him . 
 though maybe he should have . 
 the longer and harder she pulled , the closer she drew to his body , wrapping herself around him like warm silk . 
 he 'd learned to mask his scent for almost a thousand years but now he had no control over the desire rolling off him . 
 she had to scent it . 
 hell , half the house probably scented it . 
 his need to mount her and mate with her was short-circuiting his brain and the longer she drank , the harder it was to think straight . 
 his inner beast wanted control in the worst way . 
 abruptly she stopped drinking and his entire body missed the feel of her tugging on him . 
 when she pulled her mouth away from his neck , the only sound filling the room was their harsh breathing . 
 instead of stepping back like he expected , she turned her head away and wiped her mouth . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she would n't look at him even though she stayed inches from him . 
 no way , angel . 
 he was n't letting her get away from him that easy . 
 he gripped her neck and jaw and forced her to face him . 
 her pale eyes were wide with confusion and lust and her fangs still had n't fully retracted . 
 under his touch he could feel her rapid pulse beating out of control . 
 `` i 'm going to kiss you . '' 
 it was n't a question . 
 mentally he prepared himself for another kick to the groin but when her bright eyes widened and her lips parted , he reacted fast . 
 he did n't want the alluring vampire to think or overanalyze this . 
 he simply wanted her to feel . 
 to see how right they were together . 
 as far as he was concerned , the past was just that . 
 all that mattered was what happened now . 
 for a split second , she started to jerk back but he was n't going to give her space . 
 as he covered her mouth with his , he cupped her head in a dominating grip and threaded his fingers through her silky short hair . 
 he ate hungrily at her mouth . 
 the slightly sweet taste on her tongue lingered but mixed with something else . 
 something that was all her . 
 when her fingers dug into his shoulders and she moaned into his mouth , his hips surged forward as if they had a mind of their own . 
 his skin felt too tight for his body and the raging need to mark her made him ache with an intensity he 'd never imagined . 
 her tongue rasped against his in erotic little strokes as she wrapped her other hand around his neck . 
 almost simultaneously , she lifted up and wrapped her legs around him , digging her booted feet into his ass . 
 just like it had been with them before . 
 things had always been so urgent , needy with them . 
 they had n't been able to keep their hands off one another . 
 after their first time together , she 'd been just as frantic as he was every time they were together . . 
 now his canines throbbed with such excruciating pain , he had to let them extend . 
 she slightly tensed at the change but did n't tear her mouth completely away from his . 
 instead she writhed against him , letting her breasts rub against his chest . 
 without wasting time , he moved them to the bed and had her pinned underneath him once again . 
 this time she did n't push against him . 
 did n't fight him . 
 but before they could go any further there was something he needed to know . 
 right now all he wanted to do was rip her clothes from her body , but knew once he got her naked it would be over for him . 
 alpha or not , he was still male . 
 somehow he pulled his head back . 
 `` why did you leave when you were turned ? '' 
 she blinked a few times and shook her head . 
 `` wh ... what ? '' 
 `` why 'd you run from me when you were turned into a vampire ? '' 
 if she 'd fallen for a vampire and chosen someone else over him , he 'd hunt the bastard down and kill him . 
 slowly . 
 the sudden primal thought shook him but he could n't stop the rage flowing through his veins . 
 those pink lips parted in confusion . 
 `` are you serious ? '' 
 when he did n't respond , she frowned and started to get up . 
 he could see her internally pulling away from him . 
 withdrawing . 
 `` forget this , '' she muttered . 
 screw that . 
 he did n't want to forget what they were doing . 
 he could get his answers later . 
 covering her body once again , he savored the feel of her underneath him . 
 when it was obvious he did n't plan to push her for answers , she melded to him once again . 
 it soothed his inner wolf in a way he had n't thought possible . 
 as their tongues danced , he reached back and gripped one of the legs she had wrapped around him . 
 he wanted to feel more of her . 
 pulling back slightly , he sat up and unzipped one of her boots . 
 even though he wanted to take his time undressing her , he wanted to see her naked more . 
 after he stripped off her boots , he tugged her pants down with unsteady hands . 
 a curse built on his lips at his lack of control but he held it back . 
 meeting her gaze , he froze . 
 her eyes were no longer pale but dark and full of promises he 'd been fantasizing about for years . 
 `` i want to taste you . '' 
 the words tore from him just as unsteadily as his damn hands . 
 in response , she grasped the bottom of her top and tugged it over her head . 
 all the air rushed from his lungs as she bared herself to him . 
 no bra . 
 his eyes tracked down her lithe body . 
 lean and very strong . 
 her arms and legs were muscular but not bulky . 
 different than when she 'd been human . 
 back then she 'd been softer and more delicate . 
 but her breasts were the same ... the light brown nipples hardened under his gaze . 
 his mouth watered as he stared . 
 he wanted to run his tongue around each areola and watch her writhe under his kisses . 
 but first he wanted to taste something else . 
 hooking his fingers under the thin straps of her plain , black underwear he tugged them down her legs and blindly tossed them away . 
 he could n't tear his gaze away from the dark strip of hair covering her mound . 
 how many times had he buried himself between her legs ? 
 how many times had she called out his name as she climaxed ? 
 angela cleared her throat , forcing his gaze upward . 
 `` you gon na stare all day ? '' 
 her voice was husky and sensual . 
 and teasing . 
 just like he remembered . 
 even though things had been intense between them , she 'd always been fun and relaxed in the bedroom . 
 willing to try anything . 
 she 'd trusted him once and he knew that 's exactly what she was doing now by baring herself to him . 
 he 'd given her his blood and now she was giving her body . 
 she might consider this temporary but for him ... this was only the beginning for them . 
 maybe angela should feel embarrassed at her state of undress while knox was still clothed , but she could n't dredge up anything other than desire as he stared at her naked body . 
 his dark eyes seemed to devour her as they raked over her face and body . 
 when they roved over her chest , her nipples peaked almost painfully . 
 everything about this was so familiar but yet not . 
 it was still new and exciting considering how many decades had passed between them . 
 she started to scoot back but then stopped herself . 
 she wanted this . 
 even though there were many reasons to stop before this went too far , she did n't care about any of them . 
 if he wanted to kill her , he could have done so the moment he 'd captured her . 
 when he had n't thrown her to his men to be killed it had surprised her . 
 even more surprising was the fact that he 'd given shelter to natalia , another vampire . 
 considering how much he 'd hated vampires when angela had known him , it was hard to digest that bit of knowledge . 
 combined with the fact that he 'd also just given her his vein - something an alpha in his position would never do - she knew she could trust him with her body . 
 anything beyond that was crazy but for now she simply wanted to give in to her cravings . 
 it had been over a decade since she 'd been with anyone . 
 she could n't remember the name or face of her last lover and here was a man who she absolutely knew could pleasure her . 
 things in bed had always been incredibly hot between them and since he did n't plan to hurt her , why not take what she wanted ? 
 `` spread your legs . '' 
 his voice was deep and commanding . 
 maybe she should be annoyed at his almost arrogant tone , but all she felt was a slow burning heat lap across her entire body at the absolutely dominant note in his voice . 
 she did as he said . 
 `` wider , '' he said as he leaned lower . 
 for a brief moment panic set it as she started analyzing what they were doing . 
 she began to squeeze her legs together , but lightning fast , he was between them . 
 he pressed a gentle hand against her inner thighs and she shuddered . 
 slowly he dragged a gentle finger along her slit . 
 he moved up and down , barely touching her , but she knew he would n't be teasing her for long . 
 she could see it in his dark eyes . 
 `` you 're wet , '' he murmured . 
 angela nodded mainly because she did n't trust her voice . 
 `` for me . '' 
 not a question . 
 again she nodded . 
 `` say it . '' 
 since when had he become so talkative ? 
 she did n't want words ; not now . 
 his hand stilled and her inner walls clenched for him . 
 `` say . 
 it . '' 
 `` you 're very bossy , '' she murmured . 
 he started to move away and her heart jumped in her chest . 
 she did n't want him to go . 
 `` i 'm wet for you . 
 only for you . '' 
 the words tumbled out so fast she did n't have time to think about being embarrassed . 
 a small smile curved his normally hard lips . 
 he continued stroking but this time he inserted a finger inside her . 
 his movements were slow , unhurried , and deliciously torturous . 
 he definitely knew how to use his hands and she was thankful some things had n't changed . 
 she tightened around him , wishing it was more than his finger . 
 as he moved his finger in and out of her in a perfect rhythm , he leaned forward a fraction . 
 `` i want to kiss you here . '' 
 he nodded between her legs . 
 `` okay . '' 
 it surprised her he 'd even asked . 
 he smiled again as he looked down at her . 
 a small , knowing and completely intimate smile that made a strange warmth curl through her as he assessed her . 
 `` perfect , '' he murmured . 
 with the same attention he 'd paid to her mouth earlier , he swept his tongue and teeth over her lower abdomen . 
 knowing what was coming , her stomach muscles tensed in anticipation . 
 he added another finger and buried them inside her . 
 instead of moving them , he remained still . 
 her inner walls clenched around him and she lifted her hips , trying to force him to stroke her . 
 as if he understood her frustration , he lightly chuckled against her . 
 the action tickled her most sensitive bundle of nerves . 
 she fisted the bedcover beneath her in an effort to ground herself . 
 he did n't give her the chance . 
 using his tongue , he parted her folds and began his assault against her pulsing clit . 
 the teasing , flicking action was too much . 
 she 'd been primed before he 'd completely stripped her . 
 had known exactly what was coming . 
 the memory of him had embedded itself deep in her psyche . 
 after years of fantasizing about him when she touched herself , she was finally given the real thing . 
 for a moment she tried to control herself but gave in to the impulse and let go . 
 arching her back , she cried out . 
 his name fell from her lips and as soon as it did , he growled low in his throat . 
 as she started to crest , he began moving his fingers again . 
 the combination of his mouth and fingers proved too much . 
 an explosion of colors flashed in front of her eyes for a split second as the climax rushed over her . 
 it hit her hard and fast . 
 like a rush of cool spring water it rolled over her with almost violent intensity until she collapsed against the covers . 
 when he raised his head a primal expression covered his sharp features . 
 it was definitely possessive . 
 she was n't sure what to make of it . 
 was n't even sure what it meant or what she wanted it to mean . 
 he opened his mouth to say something , but she 'd never know what . 
 the door flew open with a bang and panic jumped inside her . 
 she covered her breasts and started to grab the cover underneath her in attempt to hide but knox moved over her , blocking most of her body . 
 knox whipped his head around but did n't move off angela . 
 he did n't want anyone seeing what was his . 
 alaric , his second-in-command , froze when he spotted them . 
 his eyes widened with unabashed shock . 
 `` this better be important , '' knox growled as he tried to contain his anger . 
 someone better be dead or dying for an interruption like this . 
 alaric snapped to attention . 
 `` we 're under attack . 
 vampires . 
 at least fifteen of them . '' 
 he looked back at angela , his eyes narrowed and the accusation on the tip of his tongue . 
 `` did you know about this ? '' 
 angrily she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 i swear . 
 but they might be here because of me . 
 my tribe leader ... wants me . 
 if he thought i was in trouble , he might come after me . '' 
 the thought of another male trying to claim angela made him see red . 
 still hiding most of her body , he turned toward alaric . 
 `` make sure everyone 's ready . 
 i 'll meet you downstairs in a minute . '' 
 as soon as the door shut behind him , he moved off her , giving her room to breathe . 
 and if he was honest , he needed the space . 
 he could still smell her lust and desire . 
 when he faced her again , she was shaking her head at him , as if she knew what he was going to say . 
 `` no way . 
 you are not leaving me here . 
 i can help you . 
 if they came for a fight , they wo n't play fair . '' 
 `` neither will we . '' 
 `` let me help , '' she pleaded . 
 `` i do n't want any blood spilled on my behalf . '' 
 either he trusted her or he did n't . 
 knox could see the challenge written clearly in her eyes . 
 after what they 'd just shared , he could n't leave her behind . 
 knew he 'd regret it if he did . 
 biting back a curse , he shook his head . 
 `` you stay close to me and you only get tranq guns . '' 
 `` fine , '' she said through gritted teeth as she began gathering her clothes . 
 more than anything he wanted to finish what they 'd started but they obviously still had more to talk about . 
 and with a bunch of vampires invading his land , someone was going to pay . 
 angela tucked the tranq gun knox had given her into the back of her pants . 
 she was n't going to use it against her own tribe members . 
 `` this whole situation is incredibly stupid , '' she whispered . 
 knox did n't respond . 
 instead his jaw clenched as he maintained his immobile stance by one of the giant oak trees on his expansive lawn . 
 `` i should just walk right out there and show titus that i 'm okay . '' 
 but when she started to move from her position , his hand snaked around her waist . 
 he tugged her close then pinned her back against the tree . 
 `` we do n't know if these are even your coven members . 
 it could be a bunch of rogues . 
 you . 
 stay . 
 put . '' 
 his words were barely above a whisper but still had a deadly edge . 
 she bit her bottom lip . 
 that was possible but not likely . 
 the odds of a bunch of rogues showing up on his doorstep the day after she 'd stormed the place ... she did n't buy it . 
 vamps and werewolves might not like each other but unless provoked , neither side wanted a war . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i really do n't think - '' he placed a finger on her lips then touched his ear with his free hand . 
 keeping still , she listened , too . 
 there was a slight movement from the surrounding forest . 
 one of knox 's men had seen more than a handful of vampires on their video cameras so she guessed the vampires were a lot closer now . 
 without any wind tonight it was hard to scent anyone , but angela could . 
 just barely . 
 she could always sense her own kind , even when she did n't want to . 
 and they were nearby . 
 she could hear the faint rustle of their movements . 
 instinctively her entire body tensed . 
 moving to the side , she crouched next to knox . 
 whatever happened next , she just hoped there was no bloodshed . 
 vampires and werewolves had been living in relative peace for the past decade but before that ... the wars between them had been vicious . 
 brutal . 
 no sane being wanted a repeat of that . 
 if anything happened tonight , it could fracture their already tentative alliance . 
 and with a formal peace treaty about to take place in a couple months , it could ruin everything . 
 taking a chance , she peered around the tree . 
 she could see the faint outline of eight vampires moving to the edge of the trees . 
 thanks to being a day walker , she had the unique ability to read heat signatures of her own kind . 
 unfortunately it did n't extend to other beings . 
 `` eight of them . 
 at least . 
 six males . 
 two females . 
 there will be more waiting deeper in the forest , though . '' 
 she knew her tribe well enough and since knox 's second-in-command had seen fifteen on their video feed , she had no doubt there were more in hiding . 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 knox murmured . 
 `` i can see their heat signatures . 
 they 're about to breach the forest line . '' 
 as she eyed them , she realized they were n't alone . 
 one of the males was dragging someone . 
 a female maybe . 
 she could just make out the smaller , feminine outline but she could n't read the signature . 
 `` i think they have a hostage . '' 
 `` one of us ? '' 
 he growled . 
 she knew that not all his wolves had been accounted for but that could mean nothing . 
 if one of his pack got hurt because of her , she 'd never forgive herself . 
 `` maybe . 
 maybe human . 
 i ca n't tell until i get closer . '' 
 they were still about seventy yards away . 
 as they strode past the tree line and onto the lawn , knox stood and over a dozen of his pack emerged from the inky darkness . 
 some came from the direction of the house , others from the trees but it was almost as if they appeared out of nowhere . 
 above them the moon and a few stars illuminated the land but that was it . 
 he 'd killed all the lights in the house and surrounding area . 
 not that it really mattered . 
 they all had excellent night vision . 
 `` stay put , '' knox murmured before heading out with the rest of his pack . 
 she bit back a snort and waited until he was a few yards in front of her then followed . 
 `` we have one of your she-wolves ! 
 release our females ! '' 
 a loud male voice boomed through the night air . 
 angela immediately recognized titus . 
 he rarely left the coven but he was almost as old as knox and she knew he was just as powerful . 
 she could n't let this escalate . 
 brushing aside the knowledge that knox would be pissed , she used all her lower body strength and propelled herself toward her tribe members . 
 behind her she heard knox curse but ignored him as she flew through the air . 
 thankfully she had speed on her side . 
 as she slid to a halt in front of the approaching vampires she had to contain her anger at their presence . 
 he had n't been willing to help her before . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 she directed the question to her leader . 
 still holding the struggling woman by the neck , titus 's green eyes narrowed to slits . 
 `` to bring you and natalia home . '' 
 `` you know natalia came here of her free will . 
 she told me , you knew . '' 
 she spat the words , not caring that she was disrespecting her leader . 
 `` i did n't think you 'd follow the traitor , '' he said quietly . 
 there was a hint of something she 'd detected from him before . 
 possessiveness . 
 for her . 
 and she hated it . 
 `` so you 're here for me , not her ? '' 
 he flicked a glance at the rest of his warriors . 
 `` we are here for you . '' 
 but they were n't . 
 her coven did n't give a shit about her . 
 most vampires were hardwired that way , usually because they 'd been self-serving humans before they 'd been turned . 
 but titus wanted to mate with her . 
 she 'd thought he 'd gotten past that since she 'd told him no about a hundred times . 
 around them she could hear the wolves growling and growing restless but she kept her focus on titus . 
 she could n't afford to be distracted . 
 `` you can see i have n't been harmed . 
 i broke into this pack 's house and they 've treated me as a guest . '' 
 sort of true . 
 she 'd been trapped in knox 's room , but the more she thought about it the more she realized he would n't have let anyone shoot her . 
 the possessiveness in him that she 'd witnessed less than an hour ago was just as strong - if not stronger - as it had been when she 'd been human . 
 `` let the she-wolf go and i 'll go with you . '' 
 behind her she heard knox growl low in his throat . 
 he placed a hand on her shoulder and when he did , titus 's eyes narrowed even more dangerously . 
 `` you 're not going anywhere , angel . '' 
 knox said her nickname seductively and no doubt intentionally to piss off her leader . 
 ignoring him , she stared at titus . 
 `` i am not a prisoner . 
 please let her go . 
 this has gone too far . 
 you can see i 'm unharmed . 
 anything you do against this pack now will be an act of war . '' 
 her heart pounded wildly as she watched his hand tighten on the woman 's throat . 
 all he 'd have to do was extend his claws and rip her throat out . 
 if her people shed the first blood tonight , it would n't end here . 
 a new war would erupt and she did n't think either of their kind could stand that type of staggering loss . 
 they were dwindling in numbers as it was . 
 `` i 'll let her go if the wolf fights me ... for you . '' 
 his voice was full of pride and she realized this was n't about her . 
 he 'd come to get her , sure . 
 but this was about saving face in front of their warriors . 
 `` this is stupid . 
 i 'm not anyone 's to fight - '' `` deal , '' knox said behind her . 
 before she could respond , he grabbed her around the waist and pulled her back tight against him . 
 angry at his response , she looked up at him and started to protest but he crushed his mouth over hers . 
 the kiss was n't light or sweet but hard and claiming . 
 anyone watching would recognize that he meant to mark her as his . 
 she felt his possession straight to her toes and he was n't even bothering to hide his scent of desire . 
 it was potent and as overwhelming as the man himself , wrapping around her like a shroud . 
 and she did n't fight him . 
 when a moan started to build in her throat , he abruptly broke their connection and thrust her into alaric 's arms . 
 `` keep her by your side . '' 
 his voice was rough and uneven . 
 she wanted to try to stop him but was too numb to move . 
 a fight between two leaders usually meant one thing . 
 they would n't stop until one of them was dead . 
 it all depended on the final victor , but neither species was known for showing mercy . 
 when this was over , only one of them was walking away . 
 she could n't deny to herself who she wanted the victor to be . 
 titus was okay as far as tribe leaders went . 
 immediately after she 'd run from knox she 'd been on the move for about forty years , never staying in one place very long . 
 then fifty years ago titus had given her shelter when she 'd needed it but she had no loyalty to him . 
 to any of her coven . 
 the thought of losing knox now that fate had dropped her into his life again ... she fought off the shudder . 
 if titus killed knox , she knew she 'd die as well because she would n't be able to control herself from attacking him . 
 the feelings knox had evoked in her ... she did n't even want to go there right now . 
 titus shoved the trembling she-wolf to the side and stripped off his jacket . 
 `` weapons ? '' 
 the woman scrambled toward one of her pack members as knox shook his head . 
 `` we fight in our natural form . '' 
 titus 's white toothpaste-commercial grin conflicted with the dangerous glint in his eyes . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 angela clenched her fists at her sides , feeling helpless and hating it . 
 instinct told her to jump in between them and stop this madness . 
 she must have moved in their direction because alaric 's hold tightened . 
 `` do n't interfere , '' he murmured to her as he tightly gripped her upper arm . 
 wrenching her arm away , she ignored him and his comment . 
 all around , the rest of knox 's pack and titus 's warriors surrounded the two men . 
 the vampires she 'd known were waiting in the forest had shown themselves and now joined the rest of them . 
 knox stripped his long-sleeved sweater off but did n't bother with his pants or boots . 
 standing behind him she only got a brief view of his broad shoulders and muscular back before he underwent the change . 
 she had n't seen a lot of werewolves shift before but he was scary fast . 
 not like the males from earlier that night . 
 no wonder he was alpha . 
 his bones shifted , broke and realigned before she had a chance to blink . 
 and he was huge , probably six feet on all fours . 
 under the moonlight his all black coat gleamed . 
 she 'd never seen a more beautiful animal . 
 so much power rippled through him as he snarled low in his throat and took a menacing step toward titus . 
 with a shockingly fluid grace , he shook off the tatters of his shredded pants . 
 whatever fear she had for him disappeared in that instant . 
 it was titus who should be quaking in his hand-made leather boots . 
 knox looked every inch the lethal predator and any sane being would run at that moment . 
 a low growl emanated from knox as he began to circle her tribe leader . 
 as he moved , so did titus . 
 their movements were slow , precise . 
 knox made the first blow . 
 as fast as she 'd seen any vampire strike , he lunged at titus and struck out with one paw . 
 extending his sharp claws he swiped along the vampire 's shoulder before landing on all fours a few yards away . 
 the blow knocked the strongest vampire she knew back four feet . 
 it was a show of dominance . 
 knox was taunting him . 
 she had no doubt . 
 though it was impossible to tell in his animal form , angela could almost swear knox was smiling . 
 and titus was n't anymore . 
 no cocky grin . 
 nothing . 
 he bared his fangs and quickly made his move . 
 jumping through the air , he cleared at least seven feet and landed on knox 's back . 
 his own nails were n't as long as knox 's and they were n't claws exactly , but when they lengthened into deadly points , she bit back a cry . 
 he speared knox on both sides of his neck before the wolf rolled to the side and tossed him off . 
 the fight was officially on . 
 her heart thumped erratically as she watched them . 
 one struck , then the other . 
 it seemed to go on forever . 
 both strong males . 
 both violent and dominant . 
 wiping her damp palms against her pants , she tried to calm her breathing but found it impossible . 
 watching knox like this was too much . 
 she had faith in his strength but seeing them fight , she also realized just how strong her tribe leader was . 
 she had n't realized she 'd moved toward them until alaric gripped her upper arm and pulled her back . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 even though it was a command , he said it softly . 
 when she tried to yank out of his embrace , he continued . 
 `` you 'll only distract him . '' 
 the werewolf was right . 
 did n't mean she had to like it , though . 
 clenching her fists at her sides , she did the only thing she could . 
 she watched and waited and winced with each blow knox took . 
 it was damn near impossible to just stand there but she knew if she acted , knox would be distracted and possibly hurt . 
 or worse . 
 grunts and growls came from them until knox suddenly gained the upper hand . 
 he pinned titus to the ground and speared his chest with his claws . 
 titus struggled and shoved his own pointed nails into knox 's side but the big wolf barely seemed to feel it . 
 with his other paw , knox had his throat pinned to the ground . 
 holding her breath , angela waited for him to make the killing blow . 
 he 'd either rip his heart out or rip his head off . 
 maybe both . 
 a trickle of guilt worked its way through her that she felt little concern for her leader . 
 she knew she should be loyal to her own kind , but she did n't care about anything other than knox coming out victorious . 
 there would n't be any repercussions since this had been a fair fight with a lot of witnesses . 
 the silence that fell over the shifters and vampires watching was deafening . 
 not even the wind dared to rustle around them . 
 the blood rushing in her ears was the only sound she heard . 
 knox growled low in his throat . 
 the sound of victory . 
 then he pushed off titus . 
 she gasped . 
 it just slipped out . 
 what the hell was he doing ? 
 knox stepped back , still looking menacing as hell and let her tribe leader stand . 
 titus 's eyes were slits as he clutched his bleeding chest and tentatively pushed up . 
 no doubt because he wondered if knox was toying with him . 
 she did n't blame him . 
 this was insane . 
 before anyone could move or even react , knox shifted back to his human form . 
 again , the transformation was so quick and almost seamless . 
 if she 'd blinked she 'd have missed it . 
 with his back to her she got an even better view of him in all his naked hotness . 
 almost forgetting where they were , her breath quickened as her gaze tracked all those hard lines and muscled striations . 
 knox spoke , breaking the suffocating silence . 
 `` get off my land . 
 if i ever see or scent you again , i wo n't be so merciful . '' 
 titus glared at him but instead of responding he looked past knox to her . 
 his eyes seemed to glow as he stared at her . 
 she knew he could n't hurt her but the urge to step back under that angry stare was overwhelming . 
 `` is this what you want ? 
 to live with these ... animals ? '' 
 his voice dripped with disdain . 
 pretty ballsy for someone who 'd almost just got his head ripped off . 
 before she could answer he continued . 
 `` if you stay here , you 'll be banned from my coven and i 'll see to it that no one else will ever give you shelter once this animal is done with you . '' 
 knox made an ominous rumbling sound low in his throat that sent shivers down her spine . 
 thankfully it was n't directed at her . 
 it was almost imperceptible but she noticed when titus took a small step back . 
 she started to respond when knox turned to look at her . 
 his dark eyes were almost soft as they locked on her . 
 he did n't have to say it out loud but she could see it in his eyes . 
 she had his pack 's protection . 
 even better , she had his . 
 that knowledge made her insides melt . 
 angela had n't chosen to be a vampire . 
 the life had been thrust upon her in one violent , terrifying night . 
 fearful of her former lover 's reaction , she 'd searched out and lived among her own kind for the last ninety years . 
 partly by choice but more or less out of a need to survive . 
 living among the humans had n't been a viable option . 
 the next step she made would change her life and everything she 'd known for so long . 
 tearing her gaze away from knox 's , she looked at titus . 
 `` i 'm staying . '' 
 there was a low murmur of surprise from the warriors but titus nodded as if he 'd expected her answer . 
 covered in blood and his shredded clothes , he motioned to the rest of the vamps . 
 wordlessly they all turned and headed back the way they 'd come . 
 once they 'd disappeared behind the tree line , knox turned back to her . 
 before she could cover the distance between them , he stood in front of her . 
 still totally naked . 
 he was seemingly uncaring about his nakedness and she guessed all wolves were like that but the most primal part of her hated it . 
 she did n't want anyone seeing what was hers . 
 hers ? 
 she jerked back at the abrupt thought . 
 before she could contemplate that , he cupped the side of her face and gently rubbed his thumb over her cheek . 
 with his other hand he palmed her hip and tugged her close . 
 the feel of his erection growing against her belly was impossible to miss . 
 feeling her cheeks heat up , she cleared her throat . 
 `` your entire pack is watching , '' she whispered . 
 `` i know . '' 
 leaning down he covered her mouth with his . 
 this time it was soft , gentle and exploratory . 
 there was nothing crushing or demanding about it . 
 her nipples ached and , as his tongue danced against hers , she was vaguely aware of the rest of the pack quickly dispersing . 
 when she clutched his shoulders , her fingers met with a slick wetness . 
 instantly she jerked her head back , horrified at herself . 
 reality overrode any of her desires . 
 `` you need medical attention . '' 
 his dark eyes flared with heat . 
 `` i heal fast . 
 what i need is you . '' 
 without waiting for a response he scooped her up . 
 this time he did n't throw her over his shoulder . 
 he gently held her against him and stalked across the lawn for the house . 
 she struggled slightly against him but did n't want to fight too much because she did n't want to injure him further . 
 `` you should n't be carrying me . 
 you need to see a doctor . '' 
 he grunted softly which only exasperated her . 
 reaching up , she brushed her hand over his wounded shoulder and wiped some of his blood away . 
 as she did she realized he really was healing . 
 the wounds that would have shredded another wolf or vampire were almost completely sealed up . 
 the coppery scent of his blood teased her nose and she hated herself for the light-headedness she experienced . 
 she 'd always be drawn to blood , but his blood ... was different somehow . 
 it made her crave him with a primal awareness that almost scared her . 
 `` you 're mine , angela , and i intend to claim you . 
 tonight . '' 
 the raw possession in his voice as they reached his bedroom door jerked her out of her thoughts . 
 he placed her on her feet , shut the door behind them and all the air rushed from her lungs . 
 when he slid the lock into place , she could almost swear her heart stopped for a moment . 
 wolves did n't claim each other lightly . 
 when they did , it was forever . 
 but what if it was a mistake ? 
 they had n't seen each other in so long and the reason she 'd left had been because of his hatred for vampires . 
 there was still too much to talk about . 
 too much they did n't know about one another . 
 `` i need to know why you ran from me , '' he said softly . 
 she sighed tiredly and sat on the edge of the bed . 
 `` of all people i knew how much you hated vampires . 
 i 'd seen you kill ... i did n't want to become one of your hunted . 
 i knew when you killed me it would be hard for you to live with it . 
 i did n't want you to bear that pain , but mainly i really did n't want to die . 
 and the thought of you killing me ... '' she shuddered as she trailed off . 
 knox was silent as he stared at her , only imagining what she was remembering . 
 though he wished she had n't , she 'd witnessed him kill more than once . 
 both times untamed vampires roaming the streets had tried to attack her and he 'd had no choice . 
 the first time she 'd witnessed him rip apart a newly turned vampire had been within days of their first meeting . 
 times had been different then . 
 new orleans had just entered what was now known as the jazz age or the roaring twenties . 
 at the time he 'd been a furniture and wine importer , and from the moment he 'd seen angela dancing at one of the many dance clubs that had popped up around the city he 'd known he would possess her . 
 she 'd been so full of life and everything about her had drawn him in . 
 before her he 'd been all about making money and expanding his pack 's power but she 'd shown him how to enjoy life . 
 she 'd even convinced him to dance a few times . 
 they 'd just been in the courting stage , had barely known one another . 
 had n't even kissed . 
 but he 'd still known she 'd be his . 
 she was the first human he 'd ever been completely honest with . 
 after she 'd seen him kill the vampire he 'd had to tell her what he was . 
 to his surprise she had n't panicked . 
 she 'd taken everything in stride . 
 maybe because of where she lived it had been easier for her to digest . 
 whatever the reason , he 'd fallen a little in love with her in that moment . 
 after that it had all been downhill for him . 
 he 'd told her about his pack , his true age and the reason he hated vampires so much was that they 'd killed his parents and baby sister . 
 and she 'd just taken everything he 'd thrown at her and only shown him love and compassion . 
 he hated that she assumed he would have killed her . 
 `` you really think i would have killed you ? '' 
 she lifted a dark eyebrow . 
 `` the only good vampire is a dead vampire , '' she said , quoting him in a semimocking tone . 
 `` but you and i - '' she shook her head and propped up on her elbows . 
 `` you and i , nothing . 
 you had n't promised me any kind of future . 
 i knew when you left new orleans you would n't be taking me with you . 
 after i was turned i was afraid i 'd change into this evil being but i never did . 
 i had to learn to control my cravings but i was still me . 
 something you 'd never told me . 
 you said vampires were all evil and i knew that just was n't true . 
 if you 'd lied about that ... '' her words pierced his heart with the force of a silver dagger . 
 everything she said was true . 
 he 'd never made her any promises because he 'd assumed she 'd known how he felt about her . 
 how could she not ? 
 at the time he 'd been so filled with rage and hatred toward her kind , he 'd labeled them all the same . 
 but when he learned she 'd been turned - things had changed . 
 he 'd changed . 
 he 'd been forced to admit that all vampires were n't evil . 
 something he 'd already known on an intellectual level but had refused to acknowledge even to himself . 
 it had been too late , though . 
 she 'd already left . 
 `` i would n't have killed you - i could n't have , '' he said quietly . 
 the look in her eyes was skeptical and he did n't blame her . 
 knox watched angela cautiously . 
 she looked ready to bolt . 
 to jump out the window if necessary . 
 her pale eyes were wide and ... worried . 
 he 'd known they had a lot to talk about but when she 'd told her leader she was staying he 'd assumed everything would work itself out . 
 `` why wo n't you give us a chance ? '' 
 `` if we mate and you regret it , you 'd resent me for the rest of our lives . 
 considering we 're pretty much immortal ... '' she trailed off because she did n't need to finish . 
 she was right . 
 if they mated and he later regretted it , they 'd be stuck with each other for a damn long time . 
 angela looked up at him . 
 `` you ... you need to clean up . 
 the scent of your blood ... '' she took another step back . 
 for the first time he realized her eyes were slightly dilated . 
 even though she 'd fed from him , he 'd forgotten that the scent of his blood would still affect her . 
 in another lifetime he would have hated that but now ... the knowledge turned him on . 
 he knew the blood and grime covering him was n't what was bothering her . 
 maybe he 'd come on too strong with the whole mating thing but he was n't letting her go again . 
 if he had to play dirty , he 'd do it . 
 he wanted to stay and finish their conversation , but instead nodded tightly . 
 `` give me a few minutes . 
 i 'll wash this off . '' 
 and by the time the blood had swirled down the drain , he 'd be healed . 
 unlike most of his pack , he healed at lightning speed . 
 one of the many reasons he was alpha . 
 after his shower , she would n't be able to put this off any longer . 
 he stalked toward the bathroom but did n't close the door behind him just in case she decided to join him . 
 after stepping into the wide stone enclosure , he flipped the water to hot . 
 it did n't matter how much it heated up ; it would be no match for the raging inferno inside him . 
 as the strong jets of water rolled down his body he saw he was already healed everywhere . 
 he was slightly weaker than normal , but compared to the strongest wolf of his pack , he could still take better care of himself and angela if necessary . 
 his thoughts were interrupted when he heard a sigh and then movement . 
 it was slight but combined with that familiar fresh spring rain scent , he knew it was angela . 
 when he turned around he found her standing at the opening of the shower enclosure - naked - with her arms wrapped around her chest . 
 not that it mattered . 
 everything about her he 'd memorized long ago . 
 he wanted to pull her hands away so he could see all of her . 
 those light brown nipples he 'd teased with his tongue so many times ... instinctively he took a step toward her but she held up a hand . 
 when she did , she gave him a perfect shot of one of her breasts . 
 he could n't help the low growl that built in his throat . 
 she was definitely trying to kill him . 
 what they 'd shared earlier had just been an appetizer . 
 a tease . 
 he needed to feel all of her and not just with his tongue . 
 `` damn it , knox . 
 let me check on you first ... i ca n't believe you 're already healed . '' 
 her voice held a touch of awe . 
 as she looked him over with a clinical eye he was n't sure if he should be insulted . 
 he was ready to pounce and she was staring at him like he was a specimen under a microscope . 
 until her gaze landed on his erection . 
 then her cheeks flushed and she immediately raised her head . 
 `` how can you be so sure you want to mate with me ? 
 we 've been separated a long time , knox . '' 
 instead of letting him answer , she quickly continued . 
 `` and how do you know you still want me ? 
 and what if your pack does n't accept me ? 
 i 'm a vampire . 
 i know your pack is giving natalia shelter but you 're an alpha . 
 mating with me is different than if you were a regular wolf . 
 there are just too many reasons this would never work . 
 i ca n't go back to my coven and i want to stay with you so maybe we can just ... '' she trailed off so he jumped in . 
 `` maybe just sleep together ? 
 or have something casual ? 
 i do n't think so . 
 i 'd planned to mate you when you were human . 
 that has n't changed . 
 a wolf does n't always get to choose their mate , but i 'd have chosen you even if my inner wolf had n't . 
 you . 
 are . 
 mine . '' 
 the words ripped out of the most primal part of him . 
 `` my pack will accept you because i 'm their leader , and in time they 'll come to see all that strength in you that i do . 
 when you stood up against your tribe leader tonight , you probably brought most of the pack to your side anyway . '' 
 she 'd certainly floored him with her incredible bravery . . 
 `` oh . '' 
 she bit her bottom lip in that seductive way he loved . 
 his abdomen clenched as he took a step toward her . 
 the need to be inside her was overwhelming . 
 his cock felt like a heavy club between his legs . 
 right now he wanted to run his hands over her entire body , cup her breasts with his hands and then tease them with his mouth . 
 `` ninety years has n't dulled my attraction or feelings for you . 
 i still love you , angel . '' 
 his words came out as a guttural growl . 
 she swallowed hard but did n't respond . 
 not that he 'd expected her to . 
 he should have told her how he felt long ago . 
 now he 'd just have to show her how much she meant to him . 
 prove it to her once and for all . 
 `` if i take you tonight , i will mark you . 
 tell me to stop if you do n't want this . '' 
 he loved and respected her enough to tell her now . 
 once he was inside her , he knew his beast would demand the marking . 
 ninety years was a long time to keep a shifter from his mate . 
 now that she was in front of him , his control was thin . 
 `` i do n't want to stop . '' 
 her voice had dropped a couple of octaves , taking on a raspy , seductive quality . 
 letting her arms fall , she stepped farther into the enclave . 
 it was difficult to remember to breathe as he stared at her naked body . 
 despite being a vampire she 'd retained the light bronzed coloring he remembered so well thanks to her heritage . 
 her nipples were rock hard and begging for him to kiss them . 
 foreplay . 
 the word rang in his head loudly but he shoved it back down . 
 he just wanted inside her . 
 selfish ? 
 hell , yeah . 
 his inner wolf so did n't care right now . 
 he 'd make it up to her later . 
 covering the distance between them , he cupped her cheek and backed her up until she was against the wall . 
 she lightly shivered , probably from the cool tile , but she immediately arched toward him . 
 his body created a barrier from the pulsing water but a few rivulets had tracked down her neck and between her breasts , creating a river he wanted to follow with his tongue . 
 she seductively rolled her hips against him . 
 `` are you going to stare all day ? '' 
 she murmured . 
 that 's all he needed to hear . 
 leaning closer , his chest crushed against her breasts as his lips sought hers out . 
 the feel of her nipples rubbing against him as her tongue stroked inside his mouth was the most erotic thing . 
 he had n't realized he 'd been craving this type of closeness with someone until now . 
 palming her hips , he lifted her up . 
 as her legs wrapped around him , his fingers dug into her . 
 he wanted to ease up but felt as if he could n't get close enough to her . 
 before he could slow down , she hoisted up by using her hands as leverage against his shoulders and impaled herself on him . 
 when she did , his eyes flew open and he pulled back slightly . 
 she was like warm silk wrapping around him . 
 her lips parted as her eyes flashed with hunger . 
 `` i needed to feel you in me , '' she rasped out . 
 and she did . 
 angela needed to feel him with such a burning desire it scared her . 
 when he 'd left her to shower , she 'd been unable to resist following him into the bathroom despite her earlier protests . 
 taking this next step scared the holy hell out of her . 
 she could n't deny it , even to herself . 
 but she 'd been running long enough . 
 if she could go back and do things differently she did n't know if she would have stayed and taken the chance . 
 ninety years ago she 'd been terrified of what he 'd do to her . 
 now she was terrified of losing him again . 
 the one thing she knew for sure now was that she had a second chance with the man who 'd never left her heart or thoughts . 
 she was n't going to walk away again . 
 her inner walls pulsed around him as she adjusted to his size . 
 she 'd never felt so filled , so satisfied in her life . 
 his breathing was erratic and his canines had already extended . 
 her own fangs had elongated the instant he 'd pushed into her . 
 as if by instinct . 
 she knew how wolves took their mates . 
 hard and fast , from behind . 
 the males would sink their teeth into their female . 
 it was an act of submission on the female 's part , but it did n't feel right for her . 
 not with knox . 
 not this first time . 
 angela wanted to claim him , too . 
 to show him what he meant to her . 
 she wanted the entire world to see her marks on him . 
 holding her up with his weight , knox did n't make a move to start thrusting into her . 
 instead he cupped both her breasts and lightly teased them . 
 as he brushed the pads of his thumbs over her nipples , she shuddered . 
 unable to control herself any longer , she leaned forward and tugged his bottom lip between her teeth . 
 the raw energy flowing from him was almost palpable but he was restraining himself for her . 
 she could feel it . 
 he was keeping his inner wolf in check . 
 for the moment . 
 that definitely would n't last long . 
 as their tongues danced against each other , one of his hands slid down her stomach and reached between them . 
 when he rubbed his finger over her clit , she jerked against him . 
 her inner walls tightened with that light touch , needing more stimulation . 
 she wanted knox to let go and to take her the way he wanted . 
 the way they both wanted . 
 kissing a trail along his jaw , she sucked and teased him until she reached the spot she 'd fed from earlier . 
 he 'd already healed but this was n't about feeding . 
 she wanted to mark him . 
 when she raked her teeth over his skin , his entire body reacted . 
 he shuddered beneath her and began thrusting inside her . 
 slow at first , but when she broke his skin with her teeth , he pumped harder . 
 the taste of his blood was sweet , but for once in her life she did n't crave it . 
 she just wanted to let him know he belonged to her . 
 and she wanted him to claim her . 
 he was right . 
 they might have been separated for a long time but some things - some feelings - simply did n't die . 
 if anything , hers had intensified with time . 
 as their bodies united , her fangs extended even longer . 
 when she sank deep into his neck , his groan sounded loud in her ear until she felt the sharp sting of his canines against her own neck . 
 the feel of him marking her - claiming her for his own for the world to see - pushed her over the cliff . 
 she instantly withdrew her fangs . 
 her climax was abrupt and urgent , rushing through her like a tidal wave . 
 it rose and crested in a wild freefall until all she was aware of was the need and desire rushing through her . 
 her fingers and toes tingled as pleasure shot to all her nerve endings . 
 when she felt his hands tighten around her hips and his thrusts increase , she knew he was close , too . 
 the instant he pulled his mouth from her neck , a primal growl tore from his throat as he emptied himself inside her . 
 she tightened her arms and legs around him as he rode through his orgasm . 
 eventually he stilled but kept her tight against the wall . 
 they were both breathing hard and erratically , but when he started feathering kisses along her jaw , she smiled . 
 `` i do n't want to let you go , '' he murmured . 
 loosening her grip around his waist , she wiggled against him . 
 `` you ca n't keep me pinned on this wall all day . '' 
 he did n't respond but when she loosened her legs from around his waist , he reluctantly stepped back and let her down . 
 but he still did n't remove his hands from her hips . 
 and she did n't let go of his shoulders . 
 she might not need him to stand , but she wanted to keep him close to her . 
 lightly she stroked her fingers over where she 'd bitten him . 
 the two marks were tiny and already healing , but she loved seeing it on his skin . 
 even when they disappeared she 'd remember seeing them every time she looked at him . 
 `` i did n't hurt you , did i ? '' 
 a ghost of a smile played across his face . 
 `` not possible . '' 
 turning from him , she stepped under the pulsing water and let the wet warmth roll over her . 
 the shock of the jets against her sensitive skin sent an involuntary shiver spinning through her . 
 as she brushed her wet hair back from her face , knox came up behind her and lightly held her hips while he nuzzled her neck . 
 `` i did n't know mating would be like that , '' he rasped out . 
 she slightly stiffened . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 did he not like it when she 'd bitten him ? 
 it had just felt so natural and he had n't tried to stop her . 
 `` you know how wolves mate . 
 we ... '' he trailed off as he brushed her hair over to her left shoulder . 
 when he rubbed his thumb in small circles over a section on her upper back , she turned to face him . 
 wrapping her arms around his waist , she pulled him tight against her . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` you have a tiny bonding symbol on your back . 
 it 's an olive branch . '' 
 a universal peace symbol . 
 the corners of her lips pulled down a fraction . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 when vampires mated , nothing particular happened . 
 other paranormal beings could simply scent that they were taken and off-limits . 
 knox did n't respond . 
 instead he turned in her embrace so that his back faced her . 
 with her fingers she traced over the tiny black , tattoolike symbol in the middle of his upper back . 
 it was n't visibly raised but when she touched it she could feel the outline . 
 `` you have one , too . 
 is that ... normal ? '' 
 when he turned back to face her , he looked almost smug . 
 `` no , it 's not normal . 
 werewolves usually mate for life but only if they 're true mates will a symbol appear somewhere on their body . '' 
 like a bright tattoo , branding them together for life . 
 `` but we 're a different species , how is it even possible that - '' he silenced her as he kissed her . 
 his kisses were hungry and needy and just what she wanted . 
 his erection was already back and pressing insistently against her abdomen . 
 looked like they were in for a long night . 
 pulling back slightly , she stared into his eyes . 
 a sense of wonder filled her . 
 `` i did n't say it before but ... i love you , too . 
 i do n't think i ever stopped . '' 
 his dark gaze flashed hungrily . 
 as he devoured her mouth again , she felt him shift toward the shower knobs and then the water turned off . 
 before she could ask what he was doing , he 'd scooped her up in his arms . 
 `` bed . 
 now . '' 
 his voice was hoarse . 
 a shudder snaked through her . 
 she remembered that side of knox . 
 when he could barely get out a few words let alone say a full sentence , she knew she was in for a long , hot night . 
 angela stretched her arms over her head before opening her eyes . 
 slivers of daylight streamed into the room from one of the partially open curtains . 
 normally she slept during the day but knox had kept her up all night . 
 in the most delicious way possible . 
 considering the night they 'd had , she felt surprisingly refreshed as she got out of bed . 
 after a shower she found knox had left clothes for her on his dresser and a note telling her he 'd be back soon . 
 carefully she sniffed them - and immediately hated the brief insecurity that jolted through her - but did n't scent anyone else on them . 
 she wondered where he 'd acquired new clothes so quickly but did n't really care . 
 anything was better than walking around naked all day . 
 after slipping on the black sweater and dark jeans , she put on her own boots then opened his bedroom door . 
 no one was in the hallway but she knew the house was full . 
 she could smell all the shifters . 
 she could n't tell where knox was , however . 
 could n't even sense him . 
 she 'd thought once they were mated they 'd have that bond but maybe that was only a vampire thing . 
 her boots were silent along the plush carpeted hallway as she made her way to the staircase . 
 two male wolves stood at the top talking but both straightened when they saw her . 
 one she recognized from the day before as one of the males who 'd wanted her `` strung up and punished . '' 
 despite the sinister glint in his eyes , he nodded politely at her . 
 they both did . 
 even though she wanted to know where her mate was she was n't about to ask these two . 
 she just nodded back and continued down the stairs . 
 the mansion was just as big as the one she 'd lived in before but the smells were different . 
 more alive . 
 everything was a little brighter , too . 
 thankfully she could walk in sunlight or she 'd be fried with all the big windows . 
 for a brief moment she wondered where natalia was and how she was faring . 
 her friend was n't a day walker so was likely sleeping . 
 maybe angela should n't have been so hard on the young vampire . 
 she 'd only been doing what she thought was right . 
 even if it hurt that her friend had left the coven without telling her why , deep down she knew it did n't matter . 
 hell , they were the only two vamps living in this house now and it was obvious not all the shifters would accept her so easily . 
 she 'd need all the friends she could get . 
 as angela strode through the house she heard bits and pieces of conversations thanks to her extrasensory abilities . 
 most of it was mundane , everyday stuff . 
 where shifters had an incredible sense of smell , her sense of hearing was probably a hundred times better than theirs . 
 long ago she 'd learned to tune things out - she 'd had to for peace of mind - but when she heard a female voice say knox 's name , she paused in the hallway where she stood and honed in on it . 
 from the direction it sounded as if the voice came from the south part of the mansion . 
 `` knox only protected her last night to keep peace between the species , '' one said haughtily . 
 the other female laughed . 
 `` do n't fool yourself . 
 you sound bitter and jealous . 
 our alpha does n't do anything lightly . '' 
 `` we 'll just see how long it lasts . '' 
 this time the female sounded almost threatening . 
 `` you better not let anyone overhear you , '' the other one whispered , though it did no good to stop angela 's eavesdropping . 
 `` if he mates with her , she 'll be our alpha , too . '' 
 the female snorted . 
 `` a vampire as our alpha female ? 
 knox will never allow it . '' 
 `` you speak as if you know him so well . '' 
 she sniffed in an overconfident manner angela knew she would n't soon forget . 
 `` there was a time when - '' angela did n't need to hear anymore . 
 forcing herself to block out the rest of the conversation , she continued down the long hallway toward a heavy-looking wooden door with intricate carvings . 
 if she stood around and listened to more of that crap she knew she 'd search out the location of the she-wolves and her claws would come out . 
 literally . 
 and she did n't think it would be a good idea to confront a couple of she-wolves her first day as knox 's mate . 
 when she turned the door handle relief surged through her that it opened and led outside . 
 she might not be accustomed to spending time in the daylight but anything was better than being stuck in that house with shifters that did n't want her there . 
 there were a lot of things she had n't considered when she 'd decided to mate with knox . 
 she was now an alpha female of a pack of wolves ? 
 it felt too surreal . 
 and it was also obvious those females did n't know she and knox were actually mated yet . 
 which made her wonder when and if he was going to inform his pack . 
 maybe he wanted to keep it a secret ? 
 she was on the side of the house if her bearings were correct . 
 stalking across the grassy yard , she headed for a lone gazebo surrounded by a cluster of trees . 
 at least she could think and breathe and just be alone right now . 
 as she neared it , the hair on the back of her neck stood up . 
 glancing around , she frowned . 
 she could smell someone nearby even if she could n't see them . 
 she did n't doubt knox had plenty of security on his land but this was different . 
 it was n't just another presence she felt . 
 she smelled actual danger . 
 it hung in the air dark and potent . 
 instead of walking up the steps to the gazebo , she kept going and circled around it . 
 if someone wanted to ambush her , they were welcome to try . 
 when she reached the other side of the structure , she stilled . 
 the male she 'd seen earlier at the top of the stairs stood in the shadows of the bushes by the gazebo intently staring at her . 
 and he held a long , shiny dagger . 
 no doubt silver . 
 not very subtle . 
 or smart . 
 now that she saw him in the light of day she realized how young he was . 
 barely twenty in human and werewolf years if she had to guess . 
 `` you really want to do this ? '' 
 his eyes turned to slits . 
 `` you 're weaker now . '' 
 yeah , not so much . 
 probably some stupid myth he 'd heard about day walkers . 
 but she did n't tell him that . 
 let him think what he wanted . 
 `` you want to kill your alpha 's mate ? 
 you 're a pup . 
 you must know he 'll kill you . '' 
 if she did n't first . 
 `` i wo n't submit to a vampire , '' he spat . 
 before she could respond and tell him to rethink his youthful stupidity , he lunged at her . 
 with ease , she dodged to the side . 
 he missed her by a good foot which only enraged him . 
 he growled deep in his throat but did n't shift to animal form . 
 that surprised her . 
 he was obviously young and inexperienced . 
 maybe he thought the only way he could kill her was with silver . 
 gripping the blade tightly in his hand , he turned to face her again . 
 he was quiet and intent . 
 and so inexperienced . 
 she did n't want to hurt him if she did n't have to . 
 `` you do n't have to do this . '' 
 `` your kind killed my brother . '' 
 he wielded the blade . 
 she gritted her teeth and faced off with him . 
 it was always the same with werewolves or vampires . 
 stupid blood feuds . 
 `` well , i did n't . 
 i just want to live in peace . 
 you really need to put the blade down . '' 
 on the balls of her feet she swayed back and forth , waiting for him to move . 
 she did n't want to get into a direct fight with him and if she could stop him from doing anything stupid , it could alleviate any bloodshed . 
 definitely would n't do for her to kill a werewolf her first day as knox 's mate . 
 he dodged back and forth like a fighter then jumped for her . 
 she was fast , but not fast enough . 
 he sliced through her sweater and upper arm . 
 the scent of her own blood tickled her nose and made her claws involuntarily extend . 
 the wolf came at her again , faster this time . 
 he was n't trained but he was strong . 
 so was she . 
 when he flew toward her with the knife , she simultaneously clawed at him and kicked out . 
 as her claws sliced the side of his face , her booted foot connected with his stomach hard and fast . 
 grunting loudly , he soared back through the air but managed to land on his feet . 
 as he did , a burst of wind ruffled her hair and teased her face . 
 then the young wolf went sailing farther through the air until he slammed into a tree with enough intensity that she heard a loud crack . 
 frowning , she blinked as knox skidded to a halt on all fours in wolf form . 
 she had n't even scented him . 
 or heard him . 
 how could he have moved so fast ? 
 her heart pounded erratically as she stared at him . 
 he turned to look at her and she immediately took a step back when he narrowed that deadly gaze on her . 
 did he not recognize her ? 
 she did n't understand why he was looking at her like that . 
 she opened her mouth to speak when she felt a hand on her lower arm . 
 startled she glanced up to find alaric standing next to her . 
 `` we need to go , '' he murmured . 
 `` what 's - '' `` now . '' 
 his grip tightened and he began to pull her away . 
 she tried to yank her arm free but stopped when knox growled deep in his throat . 
 and it was directed at her . 
 the sound made her jump and even if she would n't admit it out loud , it scared her . 
 where was the tender , loving man she 'd had last night in her bed ? 
 once they stepped inside the house , she pulled her arm free . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 alaric shrugged . 
 `` you need to wait in knox 's room . '' 
 `` but - '' `` i have strict orders to escort you upstairs . '' 
 her hands balled into fists at her sides . 
 `` who is that guy who attacked me ? 
 and what 's knox going to do with him ? '' 
 he shrugged again , which only infuriated angela . 
 `` probably listen to his side of the story . '' 
 his side ? 
 did knox think there was any possible way she 'd attacked one of his pack mates ? 
 she could n't believe he 'd ordered alaric to `` escort '' her upstairs like she was some sort of prisoner . 
 her heart ached that there was a possibility the bond they 'd forged last night was n't enough to hold his trust . 
 that he actually thought there was any way she 'd randomly attack someone . 
 something warm and moist pricked her eyes but she blinked rapidly . 
 there was no way in hell she 'd let anyone in this house see her cry . 
 knox scrubbed a hand over his face as he stood in front of his bedroom door . 
 he could scent angela in there . 
 she was alive , he reminded himself for the hundredth time . 
 he should n't have left her alone this morning but he 'd had important pack business to deal with . 
 business that specifically related to her . 
 he 'd never thought anyone would outright attack his new mate . 
 not when he 'd made it clear vampires were now welcome under his roof . 
 natalia had been under his protection less than a week and no one had made a move against her . 
 of course her new mate had n't let her out of his sight for a second either . 
 and knox should n't have let angela out of his . 
 he rolled his shoulders , then slowly opened the door . 
 he 'd been gone a few hours and knew she would have questions . 
 the second he stepped inside something soft and fluffy hit him in the face . 
 as one of his pillows hit the ground , he focused on angela sitting cross-legged on the trunk at the foot of his bed - their bed now . 
 `` what was that for ? '' 
 her pale eyes glinted dangerously . 
 `` where have you been for so long ? 
 and why did you lock me in here again like some sort of prisoner ? 
 do you really think i started that fight ? '' 
 her questions flew at him like machine-gun fire but he answered them all . 
 `` i 've formally kicked roderick - he 's the wolf who attacked you - out of my pack . '' 
 he 'd wanted to do worse but alaric had stopped him and told him to use common sense . 
 when it came to angela all sense could be damned but he 'd listened to the objective voice of his second-in-command . 
 he was going to have enough problems getting his pack to accept a vampire as his mate and he did n't want to start things off by killing a well-liked pack member - even if the pup had started the fight . 
 she uncrossed her arms from her chest but her expression was still dark . 
 `` you did n't answer my other questions . '' 
 `` i did n't keep you in here because you 're a prisoner . 
 i wanted you somewhere i knew you 'd be safe . 
 and the answer to your last question should be obvious . 
 i know you did n't start that fight . '' 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` you growled at me . '' 
 `` because i needed you to leave . 
 i could n't punish him if i was worried about you . '' 
 `` hmm . '' 
 she sat with her lips slightly pursed . 
 his shoulders ached and all he wanted to do was climb into bed with her . 
 but it was obvious she still needed to talk . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 `` how the hell we 're ever going to work ? 
 your pack will never accept me - '' `` they 'll accept you , '' he ground out . 
 most of them were fine with it . 
 as of now there were a few dissenters , but he 'd weed them out . 
 times were changing and these blood feuds had to stop if they wanted to survive . 
 she kept going as if he had n't spoken . 
 `` we 'll always come up against opposition and what if you want to continue your line . 
 i do n't know that i 'll be able to give you children . '' 
 if he 'd wanted offspring , he could have mated a hundred times over . 
 it was rare for a vampire to give birth - one of the reasons a blood born vamp was so powerful - and if all he had was angela for the rest of their lives , that would be enough . 
 more than enough . 
 he 'd heard about a vampire-werewolf hybrid born decades ago , so he knew it was at least possible for their species to mate , but in the end ... `` i do n't care about that . 
 i never have . 
 i want you . '' 
 she shook her head and stood up . 
 `` knox - '' he was n't in the mood to argue . 
 not after the day he 'd had . 
 and it was obvious all she wanted to do was tell him why they would n't work when he knew exactly why they would work . 
 so he kissed her . 
 for a brief moment she tensed against him but just as quickly her body melted against his like liquid sin . 
 when he pulled his head back to pull her top off , she shook her head . 
 `` you do n't fight fair , '' she murmured . 
 `` i never claimed to . '' 
 with her breasts bared to him he did n't waste time sucking one of her nipples into his mouth . 
 talking could always wait when he had her naked in front of him . 
 immediately she arched her back for him , giving him more access . 
 he ran his tongue around her tightening bud and he felt her moan all the way to his toes . 
 tonight he would dominate her . 
 he needed to . 
 their mating and all last night had been scorching hot but now he wanted to take her the way his inner wolf demanded . 
 when he reached for the button on her pants , she did the same to his . 
 in a flurry of supernaturally fast movement , their clothes were discarded and she was naked and on top of him . 
 the cool covers underneath him were in direct contrast to the fire in his blood . 
 angela stroked herself over his cock but did n't make a move to let him inside her . 
 she seemed content to kiss and tease him . 
 her tongue flicked against his in erotic strokes , making him remember how she 'd teased him the same way last night . 
 as if she read his mind , she drew her head back and smiled . 
 his breath caught at that rare smile . 
 bracing her hands on his chest , she scooted lower and began a trail of kisses down his body . 
 when she reached one of his nipples , he shuddered as she ran her tongue then teeth over it . 
 everywhere she touched or kissed made him burn . 
 she started to move lower but he grabbed her hips and sat up , meeting her mouth with his . 
 the kiss was crushing and demanding . 
 the harshness of knox 's kiss startled and turned angela on even more than she already was . 
 his hands tightened around her hips and before she realized what he was doing , he 'd flipped their positions . 
 so dominating . 
 even when she tried to take control , he took it right back . 
 not that she minded . 
 giving in to him this way was something she could do over and over again . 
 they might have a lot of issues with his pack but they certainly did n't have a problem in the bedroom . 
 she started to wrap her arms around his neck to pull him closer when his fists tightened on her . 
 he flipped her onto her knees in a fluid , graceful movement . 
 looking over her shoulder at him , she trembled at the possessive look in his dark eyes . 
 with his gaze on her , he ran his palm down her back until he reached between her legs from behind . 
 her parted the lips of her sex and slowly pushed a finger inside her . 
 the position was different but she found she liked it . 
 turning , she let her head fall forward as he began stroking her . 
 first with one finger , then two . 
 the intruding thickness made her inner walls tighten around him with each push . 
 she could feel herself moving closer and closer to orgasm but his fingers would n't be enough . 
 she needed all of him right now . 
 `` i need more . '' 
 she was n't a big talker in the bedroom and thankfully neither was he . 
 even if she had n't told him , she knew he 'd listen to what her body said anyway . 
 he had to feel how wet she was . 
 would know exactly what she needed . 
 when he withdrew his fingers , she mourned the loss but he quickly grabbed her hips once again in a tight grip . 
 he pushed into her , hard and fast . 
 despite making love so many times the night before , taking him inside her again was still an adjustment . 
 her back arched and she pushed out a gasp at the intrusion . 
 but he did n't give her a chance to get used to him . 
 her inner walls expanded and stretched around him as he slammed into her . 
 over and over , he pushed into her . 
 behind her , his breathing was as harsh and shallow as hers . 
 her skin felt too tight . 
 as if she could crawl right out of herself . 
 erotic pleasure speared through her with each stroke and she did n't bother holding back her moans . 
 she did n't care if the entire house heard them . 
 knox could barely contain himself as he thrust into angela . 
 holding her in this submissive position , he knew it would n't be long before he came . 
 but he needed her to feel pleasure first . 
 especially today . 
 she was obviously worried about their future and he was n't good with words . 
 but he did know how to show her he cared . 
 moving one of his hands from her hips , he slid it over her belly and down until he reached her clit . 
 as he continued thrusting , he lightly stroked her . 
 `` come for me . '' 
 the words came out low and commanding . 
 he needed to feel her release on him . 
 his words set her off . 
 her body tensed and her breathing became more erratic as her climax slammed through her . 
 her fingers dug into the covers beneath them and tightened . 
 as she rode through her orgasm , she milked him tighter and tighter . 
 after holding on to that tiny shred of control for what felt like forever , it was n't hard to let himself go . 
 holding on to her as if his life depended on it , he thrust one more time , spilling himself into her long and hard . 
 if she was n't as strong as she was , he had no doubt he 'd bruise her hips with his grip . 
 some primal part of him liked the idea of marking her . 
 reminding her they belonged together . 
 as he released into her , his body became almost limp as the climax subsided . 
 when angela collapsed on the bed and rolled on her side to face him , he smiled and stretched out next to her . 
 her eyes were heavy-lidded but he did n't want her dozing off . 
 not yet . 
 reaching out , he placed a light hand on her hip and tugged her closer . 
 she immediately slid into his embrace and threw a leg over him . 
 `` i need some time before another round , '' she murmured . 
 `` i know , '' he said , his voice equally low . 
 `` we need to talk anyway . 
 things probably are n't going to be easy at first . 
 my kind , your kind , they are n't all going to be accepting . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she nodded slowly , making her dark hair swish against the pillow . 
 `` you can doubt other people but you ca n't doubt us . 
 that 's all i ask . '' 
 he had to know that no matter what happened , she 'd believe in him and them . 
 she placed a light hand on his chest and sighed . 
 `` i know . 
 when you growled at me today i guess i just thought the worst . 
 that maybe you regretted us or me or something . '' 
 he did n't expect things to get easy for them overnight . 
 with so many prejudices - some he 'd once held against vampires - there would be good and bad days , but he had faith in them . 
 `` i 'll never regret us . 
 i 've been hunting for you for nine decades . 
 my feelings just would n't die , angel . 
 do n't expect them to now . '' 
 `` i do believe in us . 
 i 'm just nervous about what this will mean for you and your pack . 
 there 's probably going to be some fallout from some of your members if today was any example . '' 
 he was alpha for a reason and if someone did n't like his decisions , they were free to leave . 
 he 'd known his entire pack would n't be accepting when he took her as his mate but any consequences were a nonissue to him . 
 he ruled one of the strongest packs in the world and his inner wolf dared anyone to come up against him over angela . 
 they would n't like the cost . 
 `` after we get dressed i want to formally introduce you to the pack . '' 
 she tensed at his words so he quickly continued . 
 `` they need to meet you immediately to understand what you mean to me . 
 natalia 's fiance is one of my warriors . 
 the fact that he 's accepted a vampire as his mate means all the warriors will accept you , too . 
 everyone else will eventually come around . '' 
 her expression was soft and almost pleading as she stared at him . 
 `` just do n't shut me out when making decisions . 
 there 's a lot about pack life and werewolves in general . 
 i do n't know or understand . '' 
 like earlier . 
 she did n't say it but he understood what she meant . 
 a she-wolf would have understood his intentions but it made sense she did n't . 
 `` it 'll be a learning curve for both of us . '' 
 `` i can live with that , '' she whispered as she closed the distance between them and met his mouth with hers . 
 as their tongues collided , she tightened her leg and arm around him and pulled flush against him . 
 at the feel of her breasts pressed against his chest , most coherent thought fled . 
 yeah , meeting the pack could wait for an hour or so because whatever the future held for them , he knew it would be full of times like this . 
