 chapter 1 `` venice ? '' 
 mallory squeaked . 
 `` as in , the venice ? 
 in italy ? '' 
 jake 's wide grin told her she was right . 
 `` yep , '' he answered simply . 
 mallory stared at him , mouth agape , for a few moments . 
 he made a shooing motion at her . 
 `` well go on . 
 get packed . 
 we 'll be gone for three nights . '' 
 mallory was breathing hard , her head spinning . 
 it was almost too much for her mind to comprehend . 
 was this really happening ? 
 or was she dreaming ? 
 she pinched herself . 
 the little ping of pain on her arm told her that this was indeed real . 
 `` i ca n't , '' she said finally . 
 jake frowned . 
 `` and why not ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` you did agree to go out with me , remember ? '' 
 `` yes , i agreed to dinner ! 
 not a three night mini-vacay with a complete stranger ! 
 how do i know that you are n't going to murder me or sell me into slavery or something ? '' 
 mallory had seen the movie taken ; she knew how this would go down . 
 jake just laughed . 
 `` well , for one , i 'm a pretty high-profile character ; i do n't think i could murder you without anyone noticing . 
 and for another , i would never give you to anyone else . '' 
 his gaze turned hungry , his eyes intense . 
 `` i want you for myself , mallory . '' 
 she shivered at the possessiveness in his eyes . 
 `` but - '' she began , but he cut her off . 
 `` no ` buts ' , mallory . 
 you agreed to this and that 's that . 
 i want to take you to venice . '' 
 his gaze turn hard , a bit menacing . 
 he placed a strong finger under her chin , lifting her face so that she had no choice but to meet his eye . 
 `` and i always get what i want . '' 
 god , he was an arrogant ass . 
 but she could not deny the rush of heat to her sex at his words , remembering how he had captured her , restrained her as he manipulated her body so skillfully . 
 she wanted more of that dark seduction , that much she knew . 
 `` do n't you want to go to venice , mallory ? '' 
 he asked softly , his tone demanding a truthful answer . 
 `` yes , '' mallory heard herself admitting , her voice a whisper . 
 she had always longed to go to italy . 
 she wanted to teach high-school history , and she yearned to visit the ancient historical sites of europe . 
 jake smiled a cheshire-cat grin , knowing he had her trapped now . 
 `` well then , what 's the problem ? 
 come with me , '' he said more earnestly , the lines of his face betraying anxiety again . 
 mallory was intrigued by this softer side of him , the real man beneath the hard mask . 
 she wanted to know that man better , and she wanted to know the cocky jake sexually now that he had awakened the dark carnal desires within her . 
 and after all , mallory admitted to herself a touch resentfully , it was n't as if she had anything to do here , no responsibilities , no job to go to . 
 `` fine , '' she conceded , but she was sure to put a sharp edge to her voice , to mask the fact that she was secretly thrilled to accept his offer ; she did n't want him to get too big for his britches . 
 she would be sure to challenge him at every turn , to make him see that she was n't some push-over he could win with over with his money . 
 `` but you have to let me call sally to let her know where i 'm going . 
 that way i know you ca n't kill me without someone knowing your mo. '' jake chuckled at her again . 
 `` i can assure you that i will not murder you . 
 you do n't have anything to fear from me . '' 
 but his smile was sly , a dangerous twinkle in his eye . 
 mallory gulped , knowing that she did have something to fear : that he would turn her to pliant jelly with his erotic ministrations . 
 it 's just fabulous sex , she assured herself . 
 you want that do n't you ? 
 just do n't let him get the upper hand again . 
 yeah , right . 
 that would be so easy . 
 `` okay , '' she said , a bit acidly , `` i 'll pack . '' 
 jake grinned despite her tone . 
 `` excellent . '' 
 he waited in the sitting room while she darted around her bedroom , throwing her favorite dresses into her bag . 
 after a moment 's hesitation , she packed her sexiest lingerie as well ; if she had any hope of being the seductress rather than the seductee , she would need all the weapons in her arsenal . 
 a few minutes later , her duffel was being loaded into the trunk of a black limo by the driver . 
 of course he has a driver . 
 and of course he has a limo . 
 jake definitely liked nice things , and he definitely never did any mundane tasks for himself . 
 once they were in the limo , jake seated as close to her as possible despite the ample room , she decided to goad him . 
 `` do n't you ever do anything for yourself ? '' 
 she asked a bit condescendingly . 
 the guy might be taking her to europe , but that did n't get the spoiled little rich boy off the hook . 
 jake blinked at her , taken aback by her bluntness . 
 he looked as though no one had ever spoken to him so frankly , and , to be honest , so rudely . 
 well it 's about time he had a dose of reality , mallory thought to herself . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asked , puzzled . 
 `` you send your staff to fetch people , for one ; you do n't answer your own door ; and you do n't drive your own car . 
 these are basic life skills . '' 
 she looked at him challengingly , daring him to contradict her . 
 `` well , '' he began , a bit uncomfortably , `` i do drive my own car sometimes . 
 i love my ferrari . '' 
 mallory snorted derisively . 
 `` oh , how independent of you . '' 
 jake looked at her earnestly , his brow furrowed . 
 the anxious man was back , clearly hurt by her words . 
 `` why do you hate me , mallory ? '' 
 he asked . 
 mallory was shocked . 
 she did n't hate him ; she did n't hate anybody . 
 so why am i being such a bitch ? 
 deep down , she realized that she resented him , although it rankled to admit it . 
 she sighed . 
 `` i do n't hate you , jake . 
 i do n't know if i like you all that much , but i do n't hate you . 
 it 's just ... i ca n't begin to understand your lifestyle . 
 it 's like you 're from another planet or something . '' 
 his strained expression eased , a small smile playing around his mouth . 
 `` well , i 'm sure we can manage to cross the cultural divide . 
 i assure you that i 'm not an alien . 
 at least , i do n't think i am . 
 maybe i should check my family tree . 
 my uncle albert sure looks alien enough , poor fellow . '' 
 mallory could n't suppress a smile . 
 so apparently jake did have a lighter side behind the serious , dominant facade . 
 `` and so far as you not liking me goes , '' he continued , `` i 'm sure we can remedy that as well . '' 
 his grin turned wicked , and his hand moved to brush her upper thigh . 
 her pu ** y clenched just from his light touch . 
 his hand eased upwards , nearing her sex . 
 `` spread your legs for me , mallory , '' he commanded . 
 she hesitated , torn between satiating the need that had arisen in her and her pride . 
 bolstering her will , pride won out . 
 `` no , '' she said breathily . 
 jake abruptly withdrew his hand . 
 `` suit yourself , '' he said with a shrug . 
 but mallory was still burning with need , as if jake had lit a fire within her that would not go out . 
 his indifference toward her reaction , his coolness , only turned her on more . 
 i will not cave , i will not cave , she repeated to herself over and over again . 
 he raised an imperious eyebrow at her . 
 `` anything you want to say ? '' 
 he asked . 
 yes ! 
 touch me ! 
 she was just about to give in when the limo came to a stop . 
 `` too bad . '' 
 jake looked like he was suppressing a laugh , entertained by her discomfort . 
 `` we 're here . '' 
 mallory 's attention was pulled away from the throbbing in her loins when the driver opened the door for her . 
 well , it lessened a bit at least . 
 she blushed , sure that he could smell her wetness . 
 do n't be ridiculous , she admonished herself , walking as confidently as she could out onto the tarmac . 
 jake 's arm was suddenly linked through hers , guiding her towards the private jet that was waiting for them . 
 limos , ferraris , private jets ; is there any luxury item that he does n't own ? 
 so long as she did n't allow him to own her she would be just fine , she assured herself . 
 jake took her hand , leading her carefully up the steps leading up to the jet . 
 when they got inside , mallory suppressed the urge to give a low whistle . 
 there were no rows of seats in the jet , but four captain 's chairs set alongside the divide between the cabin and the cockpit and two long , padded bench seats lining either side of the plane . 
 there were two pretty hostesses there to greet them . 
 well , they were more than just pretty . 
 of course he only employs hot women . 
 mallory wondered if he had had sex with either of them , and was surprised to feel jealousy shoot through her gut . 
 she chose to ignore the sensation , telling herself that it was just a physical reaction to her nervousness ; she had never flown anywhere before . 
 jake seemed to notice her discomfort as he guided her to one of the bench seats before sitting down beside her . 
 `` are you alright , mallory ? '' 
 he asked , genuinely concerned . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` yeah , '' she said a bit shakily . 
 `` it 's just ... i 've never flown before . '' 
 she felt like such a peasant admitting it . 
 jake had probably been flying on private jets since before he could walk . 
 jake touched a tender hand to her face , stroking his index finger down her cheek and the line of her jaw . 
 mallory felt the tension leave her as the heat between her legs returned . 
 jake smiled . 
 `` i 'm sure we can find a way to distract you , '' he said , his voice low and seductive . 
 as he spoke , he reached around either side of her , grasping her seat belt . 
 as he drew it around her hips , he allowed his fingers to linger against her , sending tingles across her skin . 
 when he finally clicked the buckle together , he pulled the tongue of the belt until it was almost uncomfortably tight , pressing her into the seat , trapping her there . 
 `` still nervous ? '' 
 he asked , kindness bleeding into his seductive tone . 
 `` yes , '' she admitted . 
 `` but not about flying . '' 
 jake chuckled , low and rumbling . 
 and sexy as hell . 
 he fastened his own seat belt , his face turning more serious . 
 he gently grasped both of her slightly shaking hands in his . 
 `` we 're going to take off now . 
 you have nothing to be afraid of , mallory . '' 
 she swallowed and nodded , reassured by his touch and his soothing tone . 
 this was the jake that she actually liked , the one that she wanted to get to know better ; she was still on the fence about the cocky ass ** le side of him . 
 as the plane thundered down the runway , mallory squeezed her eyes shut , and jake tenderly stroked the insides of her wrists with his thumbs . 
 the intimate contact distracted her from her fear , making it less terrifying when her stomach dropped as the jet began its ascent into the heavens . 
 once they leveled out , the captain said over the intercom that it was safe for them to move around the cabin . 
 `` need more distracting ? '' 
 jake asked with a predatory smile . 
 mallory 's pulse quickened under his fingers and his smile broadened . 
 jake signaled to the hostesses and they disappeared into a compartment at the back of the plane . 
 `` i know it 's a cliche , but how would you like to become a member of the mile high club ? '' 
 `` ummm ... '' mallory began uneasily , wanting him desperately but not wanting to admit it . 
 he placed a gentle finger to her lips , silencing her . 
 `` quiet , '' he said sternly . 
 `` you do n't want the staff to hear this , do you ? '' 
 mallory 's eyes widened , horrified at the thought . 
 she shook her head vigorously . 
 jake suddenly grasped the nape of her neck and pulled her towards him for a fierce kiss . 
 his tongue plundered her mouth , and she tried to match his intensity , to win a little bit of control in the kiss . 
 she twined her fingers in his hair and tugged his head back , trying to assert her dominance . 
 but his hand moved from the back of her neck to her throat , encircling it with his large hand . 
 he did not apply any pressure , but the vulnerable position she was in awoke something primal in her , submission to a being stronger than herself . 
 her hand dropped from his hair immediately , and she meekly allowed him to continue f ** king her mouth with his tongue . 
 he growled into her mouth in satisfaction , squeezing her neck slightly to reinforce who was in charge . 
 then she heard the click of her seatbelt being unbuckled , and she was being pulled forward by her throat , inexorably guided to the floor where jake forced her to her knees until she was kneeling in front of him . 
 she looked up into his eyes , panting . 
 they were glinting with satisfaction . 
 `` i believe you owe me something , mallory , '' he said matter-of-factly , reminding her of her promise that she had made after he had pleasured her at her house . 
 she gulped , remembering the size of him that she had felt though his pants . 
 could she take that ? 
 but then he was unbuckling his belt , unzipping his trousers . 
 his c ** k sprang free , long and hard . 
 her mouth watered for him , wanting to please him as he had pleased her . 
 without a word , she compliantly parted her lips , taking the head of him into her mouth , her tongue swirling around it . 
 jake 's head tipped back and he groaned . 
 `` that 's it , girl , '' he said throatily . 
 `` just like that . '' 
 at his praise , mallory increased her pace , taking him deeper into her mouth , laving the length of him with her tongue in between taking him with her lips . 
 she felt jake 's hand at the back of her head , pushing her down on his cock , dictating her rhythm . 
 the loss of control made her wet . 
 she moaned onto him , and his c ** k twitched at the vibrations . 
 jake suddenly grasped her hair and roughly jerked her off of him . 
 `` i 'm going to f ** k you now , mallory , '' he said , his tone brooking no resistance . 
 not bothering to remove his clothes in his haste to have her , jake shoved her shoulders , making her fall onto her back on the cabin floor . 
 she could feel the slight vibration of the jet ; the sensation pervaded her pu ** y , making her cl * t throb . 
 she needed him desperately , and he obliged . 
 lowering himself over her , jake shoved up the hem of her dress and pulled her thong aside . 
 he thrust into her in one fluid motion . 
 mallory cried out as he fully seated his impressive length inside of her . 
 she had never been with anyone so well-endowed , and it took her a moment to adjust to his size . 
 `` relax , '' jake said the command gently , stroking her hair . 
 he paused to give her time to adjust . 
 she melted at his tender touch , her pu ** y accommodating him . 
 feeling her give way to him , jake began thrusting in and out of her , taking her hard and fast . 
 the primal nature of how he f ** ked her increased mallory 's need , and her sex began to contract around him as he hit her g-spot with every thrust . 
 her legs began to quiver with the beginnings of her orgasm . 
 without warning , jake slapped her across the face . 
 it was n't particularly hard , but it stung , focusing mallory 's whole attention on him rather than the feelings pervading her body . 
 she should be furious with him at his disrespectful treatment , but looking up into his eyes , she saw no cruelty ; there was nothing there but lust . 
 she felt a responding flare of heat deep within her . 
 `` wait for me , '' he reprimanded her . 
 `` do n't come until i say . '' 
 mallory whined , desperate to finish but unable to defy him . 
 jake clamped his hand over her mouth , silencing her . 
 `` you do n't want the others to hear , do you ? '' 
 she shook her head as much as she could with his hand restricting her . 
 but staying quiet became more and more difficult , and she found that she was grateful for his hand muffling her cries . 
 he grunted as he thrust into her unrelentingly . 
 then : `` come with me , mallory ! '' 
 with his permission , mallory finally let herself go , her orgasm all the more intense for him making her wait . 
 her pu ** y contracted around him over and over , milking his c ** k as he emptied his hot seed into her . 
 as the final pleasurable shiver wracked her , she came back down to earth . 
 she was suddenly exhausted , sighing sleepily , content . 
 jake turned her onto her side and positioned himself behind her , holding her against him with a strong arm around her waist . 
 she felt him tenderly kiss her hair as her eyes closed . 
 mallory slept deeply for the rest of the flight . 
 chapter 2 although she was far from bored , mallory yawned as they strolled through st. mark 's square . 
 because of the time difference , they had n't gotten to their hotel until four o'clock in the morning the night before , and having slept for most of the flight , mallory had hardly been able to sleep once she arrived in venice ; she was far too excited . 
 jake smiled at her , taking her arm with his . 
 `` as cute as you are when you 're sleepy , i do n't want you passing out on me today , '' he said , his tone colored with amusement . 
 `` c'mon , sleepy head , let 's get you an espresso . '' 
 mallory consented , having no reason to protest . 
 in fact , the entire day that she had spent with jake had been wonderful ; she had found no reason to shoot disparaging remarks at him . 
 he seemed elated at her wonder for the city as he shared it with her . 
 it was almost as though he himself were seeing it with new eyes as they explored the back alleys and more heavily populated tourist sites together . 
 mallory could n't suppress a smirk as she thought of their foray into a particularly shaded alley within view of the beautiful bridge of sighs , where jake had shoved her up against the ancient plaster wall and kissed her thoroughly , his fingers snaking up her skirt to tease her clit . 
 the thought of being discovered had been terrifying . 
 and thrilling . 
 now he was leading her to a quaint cafe on the edge of st. mark 's square , where they could watch the people staring at the gorgeous cathedral opposite . 
 the sandy-colored , domed church had four massive bronze horses prancing atop it . 
 pigeons - which jake called ` vermin ' - flocked around the people , landing on them as they fed the birds bread and seed . 
 and best of all , the city had flooded the night before ; shallow puddles lined the edges of the square , the reflection of the palisaded rectangular building that enclosed it mirrored in them . 
 mallory loved it . 
 she could n't help being impressed when jake ordered for them in italian . 
 `` i did n't know you could speak italian , '' she said , making small talk . 
 `` you never asked , '' he replied . 
 `` my father required that i learn several languages so that i could conduct international business . '' 
 mallory 's interest was piqued . 
 `` how many languages do you speak ? '' 
 `` five , including english . 
 i know spanish , italian , french , and just enough mandarin to get by . '' 
 her eyebrows rose , undeniably impressed . 
 `` i 've never much had a knack for languages , '' she admitted . 
 `` i know a bit of spanish , but that 's it . '' 
 `` well , it 's a good thing you 're with me , then , '' he said , a bit arrogantly . 
 mallory 's annoyance with his cockiness suddenly came back to the fore . 
 `` well , if i 'd had any warning that i was coming to italy , i probably would have bought a phrase book . 
 i can read , you know . 
 and besides , '' she continued , `` knowing five languages is all well and good but what 's the point if you never use them for anything useful ? '' 
 jake 's brow furrowed , puzzled . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asked . 
 mallory rolled her eyes . 
 was he really going to make her come out and say it ? 
 the guy was a glutton for punishment . 
 and we had been having such a nice day up until now , she thought a bit regretfully . 
 but she could n't stop herself . 
 `` you said that you learned the languages for business . 
 but you do n't actually use them for that ; you do n't work . '' 
 jake looked shocked for a moment . 
 `` you think that i do n't work ? '' 
 his tone turned hard . 
 `` i 've been working for my father since i was sixteen . 
 i started in the copy room and had to work my way up ; he never cut me any slack . '' 
 his face was a bit darker now , as though remembering something unpleasant . 
 `` never good enough , '' he said under his breath , as though he did n't mean to say it aloud . 
 but mallory heard , and she softened toward him instantly . 
 `` i 'm sorry , jake . 
 i just assumed - '' `` yes , you assumed , '' he said , his voice clipped . 
 `` just like everyone else . '' 
 he looked at her angrily now , but there was something more in his eyes . 
 was it disappointment ? 
 mallory felt the need to justify her assumption . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , jake , '' she said , imbuing her tone with sincerity . 
 `` i had no idea . 
 it 's just ... you offered to sweep me off to venice for a few nights ; that does imply that you have a lot of free time . '' 
 he looked slightly mollified , but his usual easy smile was n't back in place either . 
 mallory found that its absence made her inordinately sad . 
 `` i suppose that 's understandable , then , '' he conceded with a sigh . 
 `` you have to know that i never do this mallory ; i never take time off work like this . 
 even if i 'm not in my office , i 'm constantly on call . '' 
 `` then why the exception this time ? '' 
 mallory asked , testing him . 
 `` because you resisted me , '' he admitted after a moment . 
 `` no woman has ever challenged me . 
 i 've told you , mallory , i always get what i want . 
 and i want you . '' 
 mallory 's expression hardened even as heat pooled in her belly . 
 she could n't help being flattered that this gorgeous man , who could have anyone he wanted , had chosen to pursue her so relentlessly . 
 but at the same time , she was not some prize to be won . 
 `` do n't you think i should have some say in this ? '' 
 she asked severely . 
 `` what about what i want ? '' 
 jake smiled , his cocky grin sliding back into place . 
 `` but you do want me , mallory . 
 i think we both know that . '' 
 she snorted and threw up her hands in exasperation . 
 `` fine , '' she bit out , unable to contradict him . 
 `` but this is just sex . 
 nothing more . '' 
 jake 's expression turned cool . 
 `` of course not . '' 
 but as he said it , mallory felt a sinking feeling in her stomach . 
 yes , the sex was amazing , and the idea of it ending bummed her out . 
 but she found that she was growing to like spending time with jake . 
 every new thing she learned about him flew in the face of all of the terrible things she had assumed about his character . 
 yes , he was arrogant , but it was becoming clear to her that his arrogance was a defense mechanism , a means of hiding his true feelings , his vulnerability . 
 mallory wondered what had made him that way . 
 he had muttered about his father 's disapproval . 
 was that the source of his cocky persona ? 
 she wanted to know him better , to understand the real jake cleary , beyond the money and the sex . 
 but mallory schooled her face into an unconcerned mask , unwilling to voice her feelings when jake so obviously wanted to keep their relationship casual . 
 after an uncomfortable minute , they eased back into small talk , discussing where mallory had gone to school , her love of the beach , and her dream of becoming a teacher . 
 jake listened attentively , seeming genuinely interested in her modest life . 
 that night , as promised , jake took her to an authentic italian restaurant , where she had the best pasta she had ever eaten in her life . 
 after dinner , they took a stroll , pausing on rialto bridge to look out at the city . 
 it sprang up from the main canal on either side , as though the buildings were floating on the surface of the water , secured there by some ancient magic . 
 the warm lights coming from the houses illuminated the colorful facades . 
 the pastels reminded her of rainbow row in charleston , her favorite landmark in her hometown . 
 jake 's arm slid around her waist and pulled her tightly to his side . 
 he bent down to murmur in her ear . 
 `` would you like to go back to the hotel ? '' 
 there was a sexy rumble in his tone that made mallory shiver in delight . 
 she nodded as demurely as she could , trying to conceal her eagerness ; after his teasing her cl * t as he kissed her by the bridge of sighs , she had been ready to jump him all day . 
 minutes later , they were back in jake 's opulent suite at the plazzina grassi hotel . 
 the exterior resembled all of the other old venetian buildings in the city , but the interior was sleek and modern . 
 their room was all white furniture and linens , with large mirrors on the walls making the room seem even more spacious than it was . 
 a gracefully curving black chandelier hung from the ceiling , its darkness the one elegant contrast to the almost stark white theme of the room . 
 but mallory did n't have much time to admire her surroundings . 
 almost as soon as the door was locked behind them , jake was on her , tearing off her dress . 
 he made a sound of masculine satisfaction as he took in her sheer black lace bra and panties that she had picked out for the occasion . 
 trying to gain the upper hand at his moment 's pause , mallory lunged at him , pushing him up against the mirrored wall as she hastily unbuttoned his shirt , longing to trace his hard muscles with her fingers once again . 
 she felt a few seconds of triumph when she was able to actually move him by force , having taken advantage of his distraction . 
 he looked down at her , stunned at her gumption . 
 in a move faster than she could see , jake grabbed her wrist and pulled it behind her back , twisting it as he did so . 
 with a cry , mallory found herself forced to turn around to alleviate the pressure on her shoulder ; if she did n't , he surely would have broken her arm . 
 then his knee hit the back of her own , and he released her wrist as she tumbled down onto the plush carpet . 
 she tried to push herself up , but he was on her in an instant , his hand at the nape of her neck , pressing her head to the floor and holding her there . 
 his arm snaked under her belly , pulling her upwards until she was forced into a kneeling position . 
 with her head still pinned to the floor , her ass was flagrantly exposed . 
 she felt heat rush to her cheeks as she blushed crimson . 
 but that was n't the only part of her body that was flushed with heat . 
 how could she be so incredibly turned on by this treatment ? 
 was n't this misogynistic ? 
 `` let me up , '' she demanded , a bit alarmed despite her arousal . 
 she pressed her hands to the carpet to gain some leverage , but his hand on her neck held her securely down . 
 there was a sudden , loud smack , quickly followed by an intense stinging sensation where her ass met her upper thighs . 
 she gasped in shock . 
 `` do n't move . '' 
 his voice was dangerous , a razor 's edge . 
 mallory stilled instantly . 
 he stroked a gentle finger down the length of her spine , and she quivered beneath him . 
 `` i told you that i always get what i want , mallory . 
 and what i want is control . 
 i want you to submit to me . '' 
 his voice was hard , and mallory found herself panting at his words , her pu ** y clenching involuntarily at the word `` submit . '' 
 `` what do you know about bdsm , mallory ? '' 
 he asked conversationally , as though she was n't pinned down in a humiliating position . 
 `` not - '' she stuttered . 
 `` not much . '' 
 she was familiar with the term , but she did n't know what it actually stood for . 
 it had to do with whips and chains , she knew that much . 
 and she had never understood how being tortured could be a turn-on . 
 `` there are three parts to it , '' he lectured as he traced his fingers around the underside of her ass . 
 she shivered at the erotic touch . 
 `` bd : bondage and discipline ; ds : domination and submission ; and sm : sadism and masochism . '' 
 mallory shivered at the last , getting truly scared now . 
 `` are you going to beat me , jake ? '' 
 she asked , her voice tremulous . 
 `` not if you do n't want me to , '' he answered . 
 cutting her eyes to the side , she met his gaze , seeing nothing but earnestness there . 
 `` but i 've seen how you react to me , mallory , how you react to our games , the power-play . '' 
 he traced his finger up the crack of her ass , making her whimper at the intimate contact . 
 `` you ca n't tell me that you did n't enjoy it , '' he smiled predatorily . 
 she was suddenly acutely aware that jake was almost a total stranger to her ; he might be capable of anything . 
 `` please , jake '' she implored . 
 `` do n't hurt me . '' 
 he stroked a tender hand down her back , calming her . 
 but he did n't let go of her neck . 
 `` i wo n't hurt you . 
 i promise you that , mallory . 
 bdsm play is all about trust . 
 do you trust me ? '' 
 `` i hardly know you , '' she breathed . 
 `` then i 'll earn your trust , '' he gave her a gentle smile . 
 `` i 'm going to let you up now , mallory . 
 but only if you promise to stay and hear me out . '' 
 `` okay , '' she said meekly , totally overwhelmed by his show of dominance . 
 and undeniably wet from his ministrations . 
 jake gently guided her up by her shoulders until she was standing on unsteady legs . 
 he took both of her hands in his , leading her to the couch and helping her sit . 
 mallory wanted to protest that she was perfectly capable of walking by herself , but that would have been a lie . 
 she was so shaken , so nervous about what was about to happen to her , that her legs would barely support her . 
 never letting go of her hands , jake traced the lines on her palms soothingly , quieting her quivering . 
 `` we 're just going to talk , mallory , '' he assured her . 
 `` nothing else . 
 not unless you say . '' 
 she nodded her understanding , finding that she trusted his word despite what she had said about hardly knowing him . 
 `` bdsm comes in many different flavors , '' he began , his tone turning lecturing once again . 
 `` we already know that you enjoy being dominated and that you are turned on by a little humiliation . '' 
 mallory opened her mouth to protest , but jake cut her off before she could begin . 
 `` do n't deny it , mallory . 
 you know that what i 'm saying is true ; you know that you have enjoyed everything i 've done to you . '' 
 he reached out a hand as though he wanted to stroke her between her legs , to feel the wetness there , but mallory balked , and he drew his hand away . 
 `` but i do n't want you to hurt me , '' she said softly . 
 `` that sadism stuff ; i could n't bear it . '' 
 `` i 'm not a sadist , mallory , '' he assured her . 
 `` as i said , kink comes in many flavors , and that is n't one that i enjoy . '' 
 mallory thought that she saw something darken in his eyes , a flash of pain . 
 but it was gone as soon as it had come , and she was n't sure if she had imagined it . 
 `` but , '' he continued , `` bondage and discipline , domination and submission : those are definitely to my taste . 
 we already know that you enjoy submission , mallory . 
 and you enjoy being held down , a strong indicator that you would be receptive to bondage . '' 
 `` but what about the discipline part ? '' 
 she asked tremulously . 
 `` does n't that involve pain ? '' 
 jake considered for a moment before answering . 
 `` there is a fine line between pleasure and pain , mallory . 
 an experienced dominant knows how to hold a submissive on that line , to make the pain pleasurable . '' 
 he gave a sly smile . 
 `` and i am an experienced dom . '' 
 mallory 's breathing had turned shallow , her pupils dilated . 
 she could n't deny that she was intrigued by the idea , remembering her lustful reaction when jake had slapped her . 
 and when he had spanked her just now , reprimanding her for speaking out of turn ... discipline , she thought . 
 she realized that the games they had been playing had all been leading up to this , to jake revealing his true sexual preferences . 
 and she had loved every minute of it . 
 had n't she just been thinking earlier that she wanted more ? 
 jake was silent , giving her a few minutes to process her thoughts . 
 when he finally spoke , his voice was low , his seductive tone barely concealing his yearning . 
 `` are you willing to explore this with me , mallory ? '' 
 am i ? 
 was she ready to give in to his world of kinky games ? 
 she thought of the dark desires he had awoken within her . 
 `` yes , '' she whispered . 
 chapter 3 jake grinned , his eyes flashing intimidatingly . 
 his hand moved from her palm to her throat , tracing his index finger from her shoulder up to her earlobe . 
 the contact made her shiver , remembering his grasp on her neck as he had dominated her during their tryst on his jet . 
 `` where to begin ? '' 
 he asked , his gaze thoughtful . 
 `` have you ever been spanked before , mallory ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no , she breathed , her lips parted . 
 she had never had any sexual experiences that came close to what jake wanted to do with her . 
 if sex had flavors , then the only one she had ever sampled was vanilla . 
 heading into chocolate territory now , she thought a bit madly . 
 or was it rocky road ? 
 jake was suddenly grasping her hair at the scalp , tugging her inexorably forward until she was sprawled across his lap . 
 as he had promised , the pain of it sent tingles through her , starting at her head and spreading out through her body until they reached her sex . 
 he shoved her legs away from the support of the couch , pulling her head downward by her hair until her toes were barely touching the ground ; she was draped over his knees , her ass in the air . 
 `` now , '' he said softly . 
 `` i believe that you have been very disobedient since we met : defying me in my office ; refusing to go out with me ; fighting me as i tried to take you just now . '' 
 his voice turned hard . 
 `` this behavior stops now . '' 
 mallory shivered at his brash words , her pu ** y contracting . 
 she tensed , anticipating the same sting she had experienced from his earlier slap . 
 but she jumped as he ran a gentle hand over her right cheek , then her left , stroking her until she relaxed across his lap . 
 `` your safe work is ` red ' , mallory . 
 if it all becomes too much , just say the word and it will all stop . '' 
 mallory relaxed further , reassured now that she had an out , had regained some modicum of control in the situation . 
 `` thank you , '' she whispered . 
 she could almost hear him grinning . 
 `` you 're welcome , sub . '' 
 sub . 
 the term should have disconcerted her , but instead warmth flooded her chest at the word . 
 he had branded her with the name , claiming her as his to do with as he wished . 
 his hand left her for a moment , and then it cracked down on her ass , the sound of it seeming to resound throughout the room . 
 pain bloomed on her right ass cheek , and she cried out . 
 but after a few moments , heat spread out from the area of impact , pervading her pu ** y and making her cl * t throb . 
 mallory was shocked by her visceral reaction . 
 she only had a second to wonder at it before his hand cracked down on her left cheek . 
 this time she only let out a small whine , more prepared for the impact . 
 his hand smacked down on her again and again , never hitting the same place twice . 
 within minutes , her ass was enflamed . 
 but as the hits continued to rain down , she found that they hurt less and less ; the stinging pain dulled to a warm glow , despite the fact that the strength of the blows had increased . 
 her awareness was completely focused on the throbbing of her sex , the need that had arisen in her from this humiliating treatment , from jake 's assertion of his dominance of her body . 
 after an interminable length of time , she had gone completely limp . 
 the cracks of jake 's hand across her ass were silenced at her submission , satisfied that his message had been received . 
 then his fingers were at her inner thighs , brushing against her sensitive skin , teasing her with his feather-light touch . 
 mallory let out a strangled cry that she hardly recognized as her own at the contact ; it contrasted so sharply with the punishment she had just endured . 
 `` please , '' she heard herself begging . 
 `` please , jake . 
 i need you to touch me . '' 
 he chuckled down at her softly . 
 `` i do n't think i gave you permission to speak , sub . 
 but since you begged so sweetly , i ca n't possibly deny you . '' 
 with that as her only warning , he drove two fingers into her pu ** y . 
 they slid in easily ; she was so wet and ready for him . 
 he curled his fingers inside of her , pressing them against her g-spot . 
 she came immediately , her sex contracting around his fingers as he continued to stroke her . 
 just when she thought she could n't take anymore , he withdrew them from her . 
 but jake was n't done with her yet . 
 `` get on your hands and knees , '' he commanded . 
 mallory complied with as much alacrity as she could manage , considering that her limbs felt like jelly . 
 when she was situated on the plush carpet , her ass offered to him , she looked back at him over her shoulder . 
 his eyes were filled with a hunger so intense that it made her shudder ; it was as though a barely contained beast lived within him , and it was all he could do to hold it back , to keep from ravaging her . 
 his movements carefully controlled , he shrugged off his unbuttoned shirt and unbuckled his belt , letting his trousers fall to the floor . 
 mallory licked her lips as she took him in fully . 
 he was glorious in his nakedness : his muscles were hard and defined ; his demeanor radiated power ; and his c ** k was thick and hard for her . 
 kneeling behind her , he pressed himself at her entrance . 
 she pushed back into him , desperate for him to fill her . 
 he grabbed her hips , holding her in place . 
 `` stay still , '' he ordered . 
 mallory whined but instinctively did as he bade her . 
 `` good girl , '' he praised her . 
 mallory could n't even begin to summon up any resentment at the diminutive expression . 
 it felt ... right for him to speak to her like that . 
 she found herself shuddering in pleasure . 
 he pushed into her slowly , only pressing the head of his c ** k into her sex , holding it there for a moment before languorously sliding into her to the hilt . 
 the feeling was delicious , the need in her flaring back to life , building in intensity with every inch of him . 
 he held himself there before grasping her waist , guiding her forward and backward , dictating her rhythm as she f ** ked him . 
 she had absolutely no control . 
 and she loved it . 
 he began pulling her onto him harder and faster , increasing her pace . 
 she could feel her orgasm building within her , his c ** k twitching , ready to come . 
 at the last moment , he reached beneath her with one hand and pinched her hardened clit . 
 bright lights popped before her eyes , pleasure rushing from her pu ** y to her head as she came . 
 he emptied himself into her , branding her with his hot seed . 
 as her head cleared and she came back down to earth , she felt herself being lifted up , jake carrying her to the bed . 
 he laid her down beside him and she snuggled into his chest , breathing him in . 
 his masculine scent was the last thing she remembered before drifting off to sleep . 
 mallory awoke the next morning to find herself alone , the bed cold beside her . 
 she felt a pang of sadness , feeling abandoned after her intense connection with jake the night before . 
 so this really is just casual sex , she thought to herself , resolving not to let her emotions get involved . 
 but how could she keep her distance after jake had possessed her so completely ; it had been such an intimate connection , giving herself over to him . 
 it 's just sex , and that 's all you want from him anyway , she told herself firmly . 
 but if that were true , then why did she feel so sad ? 
 forcing away her unsettling thoughts , she got up and took a shower , getting ready for the day . 
 she had no idea where jake was , and she told herself she did n't care ; she was more than capable of exploring the city on her own . 
 but just as she was finishing getting dressed , the door opened and jake stepped inside . 
 he was holding a large garment bag , grinning . 
 `` i brought you a present , '' he said , evidently pleased . 
 what is this ? 
 mallory thought angrily . 
 payment for the great sex ? 
 the idea of receiving gifts in exchange for her ... services made her feel dirty . 
 `` jake , you should n't have . '' 
 `` but i wanted to . '' 
 he was still beaming . 
 `` no , '' she said coldly . 
 `` you really should n't have . '' 
 he blinked , taken aback . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he asked , clearly puzzled . 
 `` what 's wrong ?! '' 
 her voice was tight with anger . 
 `` do you think you can buy me ? 
 like some whore ? '' 
 jake took a step back , shocked . 
 `` whoa , mallory , '' he began , alarm coloring his tone . 
 `` that 's not what this is . '' 
 `` what else would you call it then ? '' 
 she hissed . 
 he took a hesitant step toward her , approaching her cautiously . 
 `` i got this for you because i wanted to . 
 if anything , it 's as much a gift for myself as it is for you . '' 
 the ice in mallory 's veins melted slightly , her interest piqued . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she asked , her tone suspicious . 
 `` let me show you ? '' 
 it came out as a question . 
 his brow was furrowed , lines of apprehension around his eyes . 
 mallory could n't stand to berate him when he showed this side of himself , reminding her of his true vulnerability . 
 she gave him a curt nod . 
 holding the clothes hanger aloft , he unzipped the garment bag and revealed what it contained : it was one of the most beautiful dresses mallory had ever seen . 
 it was clearly a period costume , but made to the highest quality , as though it had been brought straight out of the sixteenth century and delivered to her . 
 it was a gorgeous sky blue , nearly the color of her eyes . 
 a corseted top bloomed out into a full taffeta skirt . 
 there were four-inch thick straps holding up the corset , with large , oval turquoise stones set on the fabric . 
 sheer white gossamer had been used to make long , floating sleeves , fitted to the upper arm before flaring out off the elbow , the bell-shaped length of them dripping gracefully to the floor . 
 mallory could n't help gasping at the beauty of it . 
 she wanted it dearly , but she was n't ready to cave just yet . 
 `` and how is this for you ? '' 
 she wanted her voice to maintain a sharp edge , but it was soft , wondering . 
 he eyed her levelly . 
 `` i want you to wear it for me , mallory . 
 nothing would please me more . '' 
 `` wear it ? 
 through the streets of venice ? 
 wo n't that seem a tad out of place ? '' 
 jake 's wolfish grin was back in place . 
 `` oh , we wo n't be strolling around the city , '' he said . 
 `` we 're going to a ball tonight . '' 
 mallory 's stomach tightened . 
 she had never been to a ball , unless you counted serving at jake 's soiree . 
 her throat went dry . 
 `` a costume ball ? '' 
 `` no , '' jake said , pausing to draw out the anticipation . 
 `` a fetish ball . '' 
 mallory 's jaw dropped . 
 the end ... for now . 
