 chapter one the glossy brochure advertising the cute little vacation cabin had not included any photos of the giant , smoking crater in the front yard . 
 adria benoit suffered through a moment of shock at the sight before her curiosity got the best of her . 
 she pulled up so that her car 's headlights shone over the pit , as she tried to figure out what had caused it , and why the cabin 's owner had n't warned her of the danger . 
 the crater was easily wide enough to swallow her car whole . 
 she inched forward , debating the intelligence of investigating this alone . 
 her other option was to turn around and head back to the nearest town for help , delaying her much-needed vacation . 
 again . 
 she eyed her cell phone . 
 no bars , no signal . 
 isolation was one of the reasons she 'd chosen this place . 
 if anyone at the manufacturing facility she managed had a way to contact her , she 'd spend her vacation answering calls and email . 
 no , this time she was doing it right , cutting all of the electronic leashes that chained her to her work . 
 adria reached for the door handle , her fingers hesitating on the plastic . 
 crazy ideas of meteorites and misplaced missiles flittered through her thoughts . 
 surely this was just some kind of pit used for barbequing pigs or burning trash and leaves . 
 the cabin 's owners had probably left a bit of it smoldering after tidying up for her arrival . 
 nothing to worry about . 
 the frozen dinners she 'd brought with her were melting . 
 the longer she sat here , the darker it got . 
 the sun was down , and only a faint glow remained above the pines to her west . 
 she really did n't want to get out of the car alone , but she refused to be cowed by a chunk of missing dirt , no matter how big that chunk was . 
 time to deploy the big girl panties . 
 she steeled her spine as she had to do before every board meeting , and stepped out into the chilly autumn air . 
 smoke drifted up from the crater , swirling lazily in the beam of her headlights . 
 the smell of burning wood and leaves brought back memories of summer camp and hay rides-happy times filled with hope and the promise of a bright , shiny future . 
 those dreams were a bit tarnished , but nothing that a good polishing could n't fix . 
 the next two weeks were all about a little internal scrubbing-scraping away the clutter so that the truly important things could shine once again . 
 since william 's death , adria really needed to find some new bright spots in her life . 
 she edged closer , peering down into the hole . 
 it was deeper than she 'd thought , drenched in shadows the high angle of her headlights could n't penetrate . 
 still , what little light did make it to the bottom revealed a hint of movement she could n't quite identify . 
 something was down there-something alive . 
 thoughts of snakes or other creepy crawly things shoved their way into her head , forcing her to take a step back away from the edge . 
 she suffered through a shiver of revulsion , debating her options . 
 getting back to nature was one thing . 
 sharing her general sleeping area with whatever was at the bottom of that pit was something else entirely . 
 she was really only willing to go as far as the picturesque scenes painted in granola commercials . 
 snakes had no part in her vacation fantasies . 
 a low moan of pain rose up from the shadows . 
 that was no snake . 
 that was a man . 
 fear grabbed her and nailed her feet to the ground . 
 her breath solidified in her lungs , going cold and heavy . 
 someone had fallen into that pit-probably the sweet old man who owned this place-and she sure as hell could n't run away and leave him there to suffer , no matter how strong the urge to flee was . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 she called , her voice faint and wispy in the face of her fear . 
 `` mr. corey ? '' 
 another groan was the only answer . 
 adria rushed back to her car , shoved aside her bags of groceries , and rummaged in the trunk for the flashlight she kept there . 
 the light it cast gave her almost as much comfort as the solid , heavy weapon it provided . 
 while it might have been a man in the hole , she did n't know how he 'd gotten there or what else might be down there with him . 
 careful of the edge , she aimed the beam down into the crater . 
 she traced the length of a man 's thick leg up to his bare hip , over a nak * d torso and finally to his head . 
 a mass of black hair hid his face , swaying in whatever wind currents made it to the bottom , eight feet down . 
 she saw no blood , a fact for which her squeamish self was eternally grateful . 
 whoever he was , that was no elderly mr. corey . 
 this man was buff and trim without a wrinkle or hint of sagging skin anywhere . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she called , and this time , he turned his head slightly , telling her that he 'd heard her . 
 the man pushed his long hair from his face , rolled onto his back and opened his eyes , hissing at the light she shone at him . 
 adria diverted the beam to his chest , forcing herself not to look any lower than the wide expanse of nak * d , muscular manflesh . 
 even so , some of the beam diffused below his waist , giving her a hint of his bountiful build . 
 he blinked fast , his eyes rolling around a bit too much , as if he was having trouble focusing . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he pushed himself to a sitting position , muscles flexing into hard ridges as he moved . 
 he wore only soot , which was n't nearly enough to hide his charms , but was more than enough to drench his skin in artistic shadows and highlights that made her wish she were a painter . 
 wide , powerful shoulders tapered to narrow hips . 
 his thick , solid bone structure was evident in his massive hands and heaving ribcage . 
 each breath he took expanded his chest , making him appear larger than life . 
 whoever he was , someone had to be missing their lost olympic athlete or cologne model . 
 quiet , sleeping parts of adria began to wake up and take notice . 
 her skin hummed , and she became aware of the brush of her sweater along her arms . 
 the feel of worn denim cradling her legs and the swirl of air along her face seemed like a familiar caress . 
 even the scent of her fabric softener wrapped around her , lending a sense of languid comfort . 
 cold air swept past her , making her realize all too keenly just how nak * d the man in the pit was . 
 he had to be freezing down there . 
 she still had no idea how she was going to get him out , but she could at least help keep him warm until they found a solution . 
 this was no different from work . 
 put out one fire at a time . 
 and right now , the biggest blaze was the possibility of him freezing to death before she could get him medical attention . 
 `` stay still , '' she called down . 
 `` i 'll be right back with a blanket . '' 
 she ran back to her car for the comforter she 'd brought along . 
 she scooped up the fluffy down blanket , and turned back to rush to the edge of the pit . 
 his hard body was right there in front of her , as though it had sprouted up from the earth , and she ran right into him . 
 the jolt shook her whole body and drove the air from her lungs . 
 he was completely immovable , like the trunk of an ancient oak . 
 she sprang right off the cushion of the thick comforter in her arms . 
 his hands grabbed her arms , keeping her from bouncing back onto her ass . 
 a startled squeak escaped her lips before she could control it . 
 her heart was galloping at a hundred miles an hour , and she was n't sure if it was from being startled , or from being this close to potent male perfection . 
 his shoulders were at eye level , stretching out into her peripheral vision . 
 thick cords ran up along his throat . 
 as she watched , he swallowed , and his adam 's apple bobbed . 
 even that small movement commanded her complete attention . 
 she was mesmerized by it , unable to look away . 
 he was pale in the glow of her headlights . 
 he showed no signs of feeling the cold-not even a single goose bump . 
 his skin was smooth and taut . 
 if not for the heat flowing off of him , she could have confused him for some kind of marble sculpture . 
 everything about this man 's body seemed to draw her in and hold her captive . 
 it was only her discomfort with that that broke the spell . 
 after three tries , she finally found enough air to ask , `` how did you get out ? '' 
 he said nothing , but stared down at her , his gaze so intense she began to squirm under his scrutiny . 
 there was something odd about his blue eyes , but she did n't dare stare long enough to figure it out , for fear of giving him the wrong idea . 
 she was sure her traitorous body was putting off all kinds of subliminal welcomes . 
 the last thing she needed was for him to accept one of them . 
 instead , she lowered her gaze to his chin . 
 there was a small cut there , right along the underside of his wide jaw . 
 it had already scabbed over , but in this light , that scab appeared to be dark purple . 
 his skin was pale and bluish , as if he were already suffering from hypothermia , but his touch was anything but cold . 
 the heat of his hands sank through her sweater , and she swore she felt his fingers tighten slightly , as if measuring her arms . 
 her first thought was that he was gauging her strength-checking for muscles that would tell him she 'd be able to fight back . 
 with her work schedule and lack of spare time , he was n't going to find any-certainly nothing that would compare to his obvious strength . 
 physical power hung heavily on his frame , mocking her relative weakness , making her feel small and vulnerable in the isolated darkness . 
 she gripped the comforter harder , letting the familiar feel of it calm her nerves . 
 there was no sign he was some kind of deranged killer . 
 he was just a guy who fell in a trash pit and had his clothes burned off . 
 no big deal . 
 the idea was so ridiculous she nearly giggled . 
 only the anxiety tightening her neck kept the noise from coming out . 
 adria cleared her throat and forced herself to sound calm and in control . 
 she donned the air of command she used at the office-the one that made sedentary people hop out of their chairs and start scurrying to get a job done . 
 `` are you hurt anywhere ? 
 how did you get down there ? 
 and how did you get out ? '' 
 no words , only more staring . 
 he tilted his head to the side as if trying to understand her . 
 and that 's when she realized what was going on . 
 the poor man must have hit his head and scrambled his brains so much he could n't figure out what she was saying . 
 that 's why he kept simply looking at her-why he stood there as if completely captivated by her mere presence . 
 all of adria 's fear evaporated under the force of her guilt . 
 here she was , making him out to be a serial killer when he was in need of her help . 
 how stupid and self-absorbed could she be ? 
 the mental kick she gave herself was enough to get her moving . 
 `` come on , '' she said , keeping her voice calm and soothing . 
 `` let 's get you in the car and i 'll take you to a hospital , okay ? '' 
 she pulled from his grip and draped the comforter over his shoulders so he could wear it like a robe . 
 not once did she give into the temptation to glance down and appease her feminine curiosity . 
 she took one of his dirty hands and showed him how to hold the blanket closed . 
 and while he obeyed , the whole time he continued to stare , his gaze darting over her face and body as if soaking up some kind of hidden knowledge . 
 that rapt attention made her warm from the inside out , eliminating any need for a coat . 
 his bare feet had to be freezing against the cold ground , but she had no shoes that would fit him-not even close . 
 all she could do was get him into her car and turn up the heat so he 'd warm up . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he was silent , but went where she led , and at her urging , sat down in the passenger seat . 
 now that she could reach his head easily , she slid her fingers through his thick hair , feeling for signs of injury . 
 he closed his eyes and let out a low , rumbling growl of appreciation . 
 her hands stilled at the unexpected reaction . 
 warmth from his scalp drove the chill from her fingers , and his long hair swayed on the wind , caressing the sensitive skin of her inner wrists . 
 she 'd never experienced hair like his on a man before . 
 it was far too soft and full , propping up her cologne model theory . 
 whatever product he used , she wanted to get some for herself . 
 adria ignored his masculine sounds of encouragement and continued her search of his skull . 
 she found nothing to indicate he 'd been hurt , but she was no doctor . 
 he could have some kind of internal damage for all she knew , leaving the hospital the best option . 
 she moved away to shut the car door , but he stopped her , grabbing her wrist so fast she did n't see it coming . 
 he tugged her down so that her face was near his own , then slid his fingers into her hair as she 'd done with him only a moment ago . 
 `` i was just checking to see if you were hurt , '' she explained as she would to a small child . 
 `` we need to get you to a hospital . '' 
 the explanation did n't seem to reach him . 
 nor did he stop what he was doing . 
 merciful heaven , that felt good . 
 his grip quivered with restrained power , moving with purposeful intent . 
 searing points of heat flowed along her scalp , circling and massaging away the rest of the universe . 
 nothing mattered but those ten points of contact and the radiant pleasure sliding into her . 
 a look of contentment painted his sooty face . 
 muscles lining his broad jaw relaxed . 
 the furrow between his brows smoothed . 
 his eyes did n't look so blue anymore , but he shut them before she could figure out what made them seem so odd . 
 the comforter fell open without his clutching grip , revealing a narrow view of his contoured chest leading down into mysterious shadows hiding flesh she ached to see . 
 it was n't right for her to go all lecherous with an accident victim , but faced with a rare sight like him , she could n't help herself . 
 even dirty and brain damaged , he was still more man than she 'd ever had within her reach . 
 his fingers tightened against her scalp , sending delicious streamers of pleasure sliding over her skin . 
 she had n't been touched by a man in a long time-not since william 's death-and despite his being brain-scrambled and accident prone , this stranger 's touch still felt like distilled heaven . 
 he opened his mouth and fluid words poured out like liquid , bathing her in the most beautiful language she 'd ever heard . 
 of course she had no clue what he said , but as the seconds ticked by , she was content to simply close her eyes and listen . 
 a heavy lethargy fell over her , weighing her down , blurring her thoughts until she could n't remember what she 'd been about to do . 
 it had been important . 
 work ? 
 maybe . 
 probably . 
 but whatever it was , she could n't recall her exact task , nor did she care . 
 a sense of peace seeped into her , burning away all worry until all that remained was the stranger 's touch on her skin and his beautiful voice driving the rest of the world away . 
 chapter two the human woman thought he was an idiot-some kind of bumbling fool or child who accidentally toppled into a hole large enough to house a small family . 
 toren was no fool . 
 nor was he guilty of the crime that had landed him here on this prison world-on obliterra . 
 rage burned low and hot within him , smoldering and useless . 
 already he could feel his powers fading . 
 he had not been here long , and yet the dampening effect of this world was already sucking the life from him . 
 he had to get back home and make things right . 
 his sister 's death could not go unpunished . 
 this small human woman was the key to his escape , and he was going to use her as such . 
 as keys went , she was a delightful one-so open and concerned . 
 gaining her trust would be a simple matter . 
 she sagged in his grip as he pulled from her the basic information he needed to survive . 
 communication was vital , so her language came first . 
 it was choppy and needlessly complicated by the lack of magic to aid understanding . 
 still , he absorbed all of it he could , unsure of which pieces he might need . 
 he found her name and practiced the sound aloud . 
 `` adreeahbenwah . '' 
 she let out a soft noise of recognition , and it stroked over him like the lightest touch , making him aware of just how lovely his self-proclaimed rescuer was . 
 her skin was darker than his , with a warm glow his kind could never achieve under their sun . 
 he splayed his fingers along the side of her face , marveling at the contrast . 
 even the feel of her skin was strange-softer than his own , pliant and supple under his touch . 
 she molded to him , absorbing his heat as easily as the slight pressure of his fingertips . 
 that softness made her vulnerable , but he could not stop himself from enjoying it all the same . 
 her body was lush , with sweeping curves that reminded him of tendrils of steam curling over a heated pool . 
 the contours of her waist and h * ps called to him , making his fingers tighten against the need to see if he was right . 
 she was small , with delicate limbs . 
 lacking the natural power that his people took for granted , he had no idea how she had survived to become an adult . 
 surely even a small predatory animal could have killed her with ease . 
 from childhood , toren had heard stories of the beautiful , helpless humans who thrived in the prison planet of obliterra , but until now , he had never believed them . 
 an entire race of fragile beings who lived without magic ? 
 it was a ridiculous notion . 
 there had to be more to the story of her survival than what was on the surface , albeit an alluring , intriguing surface . 
 her eyes fluttered open . 
 the black fringe of lashes was an extravagant tease , shadowing her expression . 
 he tried to gauge her mood by the color of her eyes , but they were the same dark brown color as before . 
 he had never seen eyes so dark . 
 she did not seem to be aroused , but his body was reading the signs as it had been taught to do . 
 a woman with eyes that dark would take what she wanted from a man if he did not simply offer it . 
 and yet this woman did not appear to be interested in doing anything of the kind . 
 she blinked at him in confusion , a sleepy lethargy slurring her words . 
 `` what did you do to me ? '' 
 `` adreeahbenwah , '' he said , enjoying the strange feel of her name on his tongue . 
 there were other parts of her he would like to taste , but his first job had to be finding his way free of this unjust imprisonment . 
 `` adria , '' she said , cutting her name short . 
 `` and you did n't answer my question . '' 
 toren had no idea how he was going to explain how he had learned from her . 
 she had no experience with magic . 
 the only trace of knowledge he had seen had been surrounded by a firm , unyielding disbelief . 
 there was no foundation on which he could build . 
 it was best to ignore her question and move on to what was truly important . 
 `` i need your help . '' 
 the sluggishness she had suffered at his absorption of her language was fading fast . 
 he watched as she gathered herself . 
 first her long , curling lashes swept up , her dark eyes widening with realization that he was supporting most of her weight . 
 she straightened her knees and shifted her stance so that she was no longer depending on him to stay upright . 
 her teeth caught and held her bottom lip , daring him to kiss her and suck it from that stinging bite . 
 before he could , she stepped as far away from him as his grip would allow . 
 he was not yet ready to let go of her . 
 he liked the delicate feel of her limbs encircled by his hands . 
 it reminded him to be careful with her and to treat her as he would a rare flower . 
 but those eyes ... those dark eyes of hers were tempting him , making his body heat in response to a woman in need . 
 those eyes did not ask for delicate treatment-they begged for the hard , fast relief of cli ** x , over and over . 
 the urge to ease her was nearly as overwhelming as it was untimely . 
 her throat moved as she swallowed nervously . 
 `` let go of me and i 'll get you to a hospital . '' 
 toren searched for the meaning of the word , seeing fleeting images of sickness and pain associated with it . 
 adria had suffered in such a place . 
 they had tortured her and taken something important from her . 
 he was not about to allow her to take him there . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` what do you mean no ? 
 no to letting me go or no to the hospital ? '' 
 he did n't want to do either , but he sensed her growing agitation at his nearness , and decided that it was best to do as she requested and release her . 
 as soon as his hands left her body , cold air stole her warmth from him . 
 irritation grated just under his skin , but he hid it . 
 `` i have requirements . '' 
 one dark eyebrow lifted as she stared at him with some kind of expectation he could not translate . 
 her voice was quiet , but the tone of contempt running through it confused him . 
 `` requirements ? 
 you crash my first vacation in years and you have requirements ? '' 
 perhaps that was the wrong word . 
 it certainly seemed to be the wrong one . 
 `` needs ? '' 
 he asked , hoping for her approval . 
 she still appeared skeptical . 
 `` what kind of needs ? '' 
 toren opened his mouth to answer , but found he had no words she would understand for what he required . 
 he could have shown her , but touching her again was likely not the wisest course of action . 
 making this woman trust him was of the utmost importance for his return home . 
 he finally settled on , `` food , '' hoping that a shared meal would help ease her mistrust of him . 
 sympathy drew her brows together , and her lovely lips parted on a soft sound of offered comfort . 
 the dent left by her teeth kept drawing his attention , urging him to lick away the mark . 
 `` i did n't even stop to think how long you might have been trapped in that hole , '' she said . 
 `` were you even conscious the whole time ? 
 come inside and we 'll get you what you need . '' 
 her acceptance drove back some of his anger at being cast out of his home world unjustly . 
 she seemed willing to help , and right now , his options were few . 
 he had no clothes , no food , no family or friends , and very little magic left within him . 
 if he was going to make it out of this prison and back to where he belonged , he was going to need this fragile human 's aid . 
 `` have you already killed the food ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 she looked at him as though puzzled by his question . 
 `` uh . 
 no . '' 
 `` i will do it for you , '' he offered . 
 he had no weapons , but he was strong . 
 surely any world where a creature as delicate as adreeahbenwah could survive would not have predators too dangerous to kill with his bare hands . 
 she opened a hidden metal compartment in a large wheeled box , and pulled from it several sacks . 
 `` just carry in a couple of bags and keep yourself covered . 
 that 's all the help i need . 
 no killing required . '' 
 he took the sacks she handed him and clutched the blanket closed as requested . 
 trailing behind her like a pet was not something he was used to doing . 
 his lineage was noble , his bloodline powerful . 
 crowds parted to allow him to pass . 
 and yet as he watched her move , he could not help but enjoy the way her sweetly rounded h * ps swayed slightly as she walked . 
 if he had to slink along behind someone , he was glad it was a creature as captivating as adreeahbenwah . 
 the small home was dark , but smelled of soap and fruit . 
 she moved twigs protruding from the wall as she passed , causing lamps to ignite in the ceiling . 
 the walls were rough logs , ornamented with images of wild seas and mountains . 
 a colorful rug filled the center of the room , separating a cold hearth filled with logs from a narrow bed and several padded chairs . 
 all of the furniture was wrapped in brightly colored fabric . 
 perhaps skin as supple as hers needed such padding to prevent damage . 
 her lilting voice pulled his attention away from the strange furnishings . 
 `` i 'm renting this place for a couple of weeks . 
 the owner said that the kitchen was stocked with everything but food , so i had to bring my own . 
 i was n't expecting company , so i hope you like canned soup . '' 
 soup he knew . 
 he 'd never heard of an animal called a `` canned '' before , but he would eat what she put in front of him , even if he had to choke it down . 
 gaining her trust was vital if he were going to return home and seek justice for his murdered sister . 
 again , rage churned in his gut , combined with a frantic sense of urgency . 
 the longer he stayed here , the weaker he would become , and the longer his sister 's true killer would walk free . 
 but if he pushed this human woman , he feared her mistrust of him would flare and he would have to seek out the aid of another . 
 there was no guarantee he would have that kind of time before he became a shell of the man he was now . 
 because of that , he stilled his anger , shoving it down deep where it would not show . 
 adreeahbenwah began unpacking her sacks , setting out items he did not recognize . 
 metal cylinders with brightly colored wrappings , boxes covered in words he could not read , and a variety of things inside shiny , transparent film . 
 `` are you sure you 're okay ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i did n't see any blood or feel any bumps , but there 's no way you could have fallen in that hole and not been hurt . '' 
 `` i am whole . '' 
 her gaze traveled up and down his form , skipping quickly over his groin . 
 she licked her lips and then flattened them into a disapproving line . 
 `` what you are is nak * d . 
 the man who owns this place still visits often . 
 he may have some clothes left tucked away . 
 why do n't you go check the bedroom for something you can wear ? 
 there 's a shower in there , too . 
 you should clean off so you do n't get soot all over the furniture . 
 i doubt mr. corey would thank us for the mess . '' 
 she pointed to a doorway on the far side of the room . 
 toren went to investigate as he was told , using the wall twigs as she had to light his way . 
 he had to conserve his magic . 
 once it was depleted , he would not only be powerless , he would also forget his entire life on sorsca . 
 he would forget all about his murdered sister and the sight of grynar 's hand wrapped around the thalac blade dripping with her blood . 
 he would forget his quest for justice and vengeance . 
 he would forget he even had a sister to avenge . 
 that was not something he would allow . 
 toren did not waste time investigating his surroundings or letting his curiosity consume his attention . 
 he would not be here long enough to have the need to fit within their world . 
 for now , all his focus had to be on gaining adreeahbenwah 's help . 
 he solved the puzzle of getting water out of the spigot to wash himself , and then found a pair of short pants that covered his groin . 
 none of the shirts in the drawer would go over his shoulders . 
 perhaps all humans were as small as adreeahbenwah . 
 if she was upset by a man 's bare chest , he would wrap himself in that blanket again , no matter how awkward it felt . 
 he would do nothing to slow his return home . 
 when he came out , she looked up , going still as soon as she saw him . 
 a look of shock slid over her features , and a warm flush crept up her neck . 
 `` are n't you cold in just a pair of shorts ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` it 's freezing in here . '' 
 he was not cold , but if she was , he would warm her . 
 without thinking , he sent a spark of power to the logs laid inside the hearth . 
 fire blazed up in a heated whoosh . 
 her eyes widened , and her full lips parted on a terrified squeak of sound . 
 `` what the hell did you just do ? '' 
 toren 's carelessness hit him hard . 
 not only had he wasted precious strands of power , he had also frightened the one woman who might be able to save his life . 
 he started toward her , fumbling for human words of apology . 
 instead , his own language spilled from him , low and fervent . 
 by the time he crossed the small space , she had pressed herself into a corner and was clutching a tiny knife in her fist . 
 `` it was nothing , '' he said , finally finding the human words he needed . 
 `` only magic . '' 
 `` magic ? '' 
 `` there is nothing to fear . 
 i will not hurt you . 
 i swear . '' 
 `` get back , '' she ordered , her dark eyes wide with panic . 
 `` i will f ** king stab you if you take one step closer . '' 
 chapter three the man was n't human . 
 adria realized that in a heartbeat , putting all the clues together in a terrifying rush . 
 first there was the way he looked . 
 he was too big to be real , with pale skin that had an odd , almost bluish tint to it that she now realized had nothing to do with the cold . 
 he towered over her , babbling incoherently in a language that sounded more like music than words . 
 and his hair . 
 it was inky black , shining with purple highlights . 
 it swayed even inside the cabin , with no breeze , as if it had a life of its own . 
 but the biggest clue that he was not human was the smoking crater with him lying nak * d at the bottom . 
 she 'd thought he 'd fallen in , but now she was beginning to wonder if he had made the thing by slamming into the ground . 
 landing here from ... somewhere else . 
 a human would n't have survived that , and yet here he was , seemingly fine , with little more than the purple scratch on his chin . 
 alien . 
 the word rang through her mind , clanging around with all the attached implications . 
 her mouth went dry with fear . 
 her body quivered , rooted in place . 
 she wanted to run or scream , but her legs and voice betrayed her , leaving her standing there like a frightened rabbit . 
 `` i will not hurt you , '' he said , and while his deep tone was reassuring in its gentleness , she was n't buying it . 
 she unglued her tongue from the roof of her mouth , but her voice was a thin , wavering thread of sound . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 `` trapped , '' he said , clearly misunderstanding her question . 
 `` i was sent here unjustly , against my will . 
 i need you , adreeahbenwah . '' 
 `` the door is right there . 
 i wo n't stop you from walking through it . '' 
 please , god , let him leave . 
 she would pack up and go back to work like a good little girl and never take another vacation ever again . 
 she 'd learned her lesson . 
 he frowned for a second as if trying to make sense of her words . 
 `` no , not trapped in this structure . 
 it is obliterra that chains me , muting my power . 
 i must leave your world before it is too late and all that i am is lost . '' 
 that sounded bad-almost bad enough for her to feel sorry for him . 
 if not for the fear stampeding through her , she might have . 
 `` i have no clue what you 're talking about . 
 and i really do n't care . 
 just go , please , and forget you ever saw me . '' 
 he stepped closer without seeming to . 
 one second he was six feet away , and the next he was right in front of her , his long fingers wrapped around her wrist , controlling the knife easily , as if she were a child . 
 `` please , '' he said , his tone desperate . 
 `` i need your help . 
 i need to go home before home and all those i love are lost to me forever . '' 
 the blue ring around his pupils shrank , and taking its place was a vibrant red band . 
 definitely not human . 
 adria looked down at the knife . 
 he had n't taken it from her . 
 he 'd only kept her from stabbing him with it . 
 that was n't much to go on , but it was better than nothing . 
 barely . 
 `` please , '' he repeated with genuine need . 
 she knew what it was like to ache for something she could n't have-to have the one thing she 'd wanted most stripped away from her . 
 she knew the helpless rage and the hollow sense of hopelessness that loss left behind . 
 that was all william had left her , and now , more than two years later , she was still trying to repair the damage that losing him had done . 
 she could n't knowingly let another creature suffer the way she had if there was anything she could do to stop it . 
 even if that creature was n't human . 
 `` where is home ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 as stupid as it was to get sucked into someone else 's problems-especially on her first vacation in years-the desperation on his face was more than she could ignore . 
 his eyes lit with hope . 
 `` sorsca . '' 
 `` is that a place or a name ? '' 
 `` it is both . '' 
 `` how do you get back ? '' 
 `` magic . '' 
 she shook her head , sorry she 'd asked . 
 `` then you 're on your own . 
 i ca n't help you there . '' 
 `` you humans are devoid of magic , but you have vital knowledge . 
 i need items . '' 
 he frowned as if searching for the right words . 
 `` ingredients . 
 elements . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` i do n't know how you name them , but i can show you . 
 once you find them , i will leave you in peace . 
 will you help ? '' 
 what choice did she have ? 
 there was no one around for miles , which was why she chose this place for her vacation . 
 she could n't just let him loose on the world to stumble around half nak * d until he found someone else to help . 
 what if someone shot him simply because he looked odd ? 
 besides , walking away was n't in her genetic makeup . 
 she 'd been raised better than that , which was why she 'd stayed by william 's side through every moment of his cancer . 
 to the sad , ugly end . 
 adria pulled in a deep breath , hoping she was n't making the biggest mistake of her life . 
 `` what do you need me to do ? '' 
 `` trust me . '' 
 she glanced pointedly as his hands wrapped around her arms . 
 `` easier said than done . '' 
 he nodded slowly , and then after a moment 's hesitation and a deep exhalation , he released her and stepped back . 
 in the bright kitchen lighting , she could see his body clearly now . 
 the stretchy gym shorts he 'd borrowed were so tight they left nothing to the imagination . 
 the thick bulge of his penis was as evident as his extravagant , cover model hair . 
 he seemed out of place among the butcher block counters and worn tile floor . 
 there was something majestic about him , something powerful and predatory in the way he stood there , simply breathing as he watched her . 
 his ribcage expanded and contracted with each breath , casting deep shadows across his abdomen every time he exhaled . 
 a pale , bluish scar ran down his ribs , making her wonder what had happened . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 she asked again . 
 `` i mean you 're clearly not human . '' 
 `` i am like you , had you been born in a place where power flowed , rather than in this desolate desert of weakness and forgetting . '' 
 if he realized he was insulting her home , he gave no outward sign . 
 `` you do n't look like me . '' 
 he waved his hand , drawing her attention to his long , thick fingers . 
 `` exterior wrapping . 
 a container , nothing more . 
 if i stay here long enough , my coloring will change beneath your sun . 
 my power will fade . 
 my memories of who i am and who i love will die . 
 i will become no more than you . '' 
 `` gee . 
 way to make a girl feel good about herself . '' 
 he winced as if just realizing the barb he 'd cast at her . 
 `` i intend no insult , but this is not my home . 
 i have family i love-family who is in a time of need . 
 staying here will remove memories of them from my thoughts . 
 they will be dead to me . 
 worse ... forgotten , without even knowledge of our time shared together . '' 
 `` wait . 
 you 're saying that if you stay here it will erase your memory ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 maybe that was n't as horrible a thing as he thought . 
 there were times when adria would have given anything to simply forget william if it meant the pain of his death would ease . 
 but that was n't an option , so she muddled on , shoving her grief down with another rush project or late meeting at work . 
 so far , that had kept her sane , but she was n't sure how much longer she could keep up the hectic pace of outrunning her grief . 
 `` how long do you have before you forget ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` days , perhaps . '' 
 she could do anything for such a short time , no matter how uncomfortable it might be . 
 and since she was on vacation , she had no reason to rush away and leave his fate to another . 
 she 'd always believed that things happened for a reason , and the coincidence of him showing up here and now was simply too much for her to dismiss . 
 adria was here in this place at this time because he needed her , and that was not the kind of thing she could ignore-the same way she 'd met and fallen in love with william just in time to see him through the hardest months of his life . 
 as hard as that had been , she was still grateful that he had n't had to go through that alone . 
 she pulled in a fortifying breath , preparing herself for whatever was to come . 
 `` you 'd better tell me what you need to get back home . 
 i do n't know how long it will take to round up whatever it is-assuming these ingredients of yours even exist here . '' 
 `` i will show you . '' 
 he reached for her , and as he came closer , the knife hit his skin . 
 before she could react and shift the blade so he would n't be cut , his thick , hot fingers slid through her hair , cradling both sides of her head and stealing her will to move . 
 she could feel the tip of each finger and the press of his wide palm outlined in heat . 
 he did n't hold her tight , but his grip was firm enough to tell her he had no intention of letting her go . 
 the urge to fight should have spiked inside her , forcing her to react , but instead , a sense of peace settled over her , slowing her pulse and evening out her breathing . 
 she did n't know if it was something he 'd done to her , or her body 's natural reaction to being well and truly caught , but whatever it was , she seemed incapable of shoving him away . 
 she glanced down to find the paring knife she 'd thought to use as a weapon had merely slid off of his hard skin as if it were armor . 
 there was n't even so much as a red mark where she 'd scored him . 
 the blade was bent slightly , reflecting the pale bluish tint of his skin . 
 he tilted her head up and rested his forehead against hers . 
 his eyes had shifted color once again , and as close as she was now , she could see that he had three concentric rings that made up his iris . 
 as she watched , the red one narrowed as a purple one expanded . 
 `` what does it mean when your eyes change color ? '' 
 she asked , scrambling for some toehold on reality-some way to make sense of this situation . 
 he breathed in deeply through his nose as if drawing in some tantalizing perfume . 
 `` what color are they now ? '' 
 `` dark purple . '' 
 a slight smile lifted one side of his mouth , and she realized just how full his lips were . 
 his gaze caressed her face , slowly lingering as it passed . 
 `` that is appropriate . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 she had a crazy urge to reach up and touch him , but forced her hands to stay where they were-balled up in tight fists against his chest . 
 `` close your eyes , '' he told her , ignoring her question . 
 `` it will make the showing easier . '' 
 adria had n't stopped to think that whatever he was going to do might not be easy until his words put that thought in her head . 
 she 'd been so overwhelmed by his presence-by what his mere existence meant-that she had n't given a single second of worry to how he was going to show her exactly what it was he needed . 
 she opened her mouth to tell him to stop , but it was too late . 
 a rush of colors and lights slammed into her , making her reel back . 
 only his grip kept her upright . 
 she felt herself shift-felt a hot , heavy weight press into her , pinning her in place as the colors swept by . 
 a low , buzzing hum filled the space behind her eyes . 
 she sensed movement , like she was falling , and the only thing she had to grab onto was the hard wall of his bare chest . 
 somewhere beyond the lights and noise she heard the paring knife clatter to the floor . 
 `` nearly complete , '' he whispered . 
 images coalesced inside her mind . 
 she saw a giant blue sun burning in the sky for a split second before it evaporated . 
 bizarre , alien trees sprouted in her vision , rising as high as a skyscraper . 
 their yellow limbs snaked up against a green sky . 
 sparkling rocks stretched out for miles , and huge shards of milky white prisms jutted up from the flat , glittering sea of crystal . 
 clouds of diamonds no bigger than grains of sand scoured the landscape , sparkling and deadly as they passed . 
 the face of a beautiful woman with pale bluish skin appeared . 
 her black hair swirled around her hips , shining with some kind of living magic . 
 and even though adria had never seen her before , she knew instantly that this was his sister . 
 elina . 
 the image shifted , blurring around the edges . 
 elina lay on a stone floor , purple blood pooling beneath her . 
 her hair lay limp and still , partially covering the damage that had been done to her body . 
 multiple stab wounds left her skin gaping open . 
 standing over her was a giant of a man , rage heaving in his chest and twisting his features into a snarl . 
 in his fist he clutched a glossy black knife with a foot-long blade , stained with her blood . 
 adria felt the horror associated with that image . 
 she felt the grief and rage of the man who 'd shown it to her . 
 that giant man had done this to elina , and adria would stop at nothing to make him pay . 
 anger burned hot in her gut . 
 tears of loss streamed down her cheeks . 
 a low , throttled moan vibrated in her chest and tore at her throat . 
 `` i will f ** king kill him , '' she vowed . 
 her voice was rough and strained , warbling with the grief crouching inside of her . 
 she felt as she had in the days after william had died-consumed with rage and loss so sharp she was sure those keen edges would slice her in two . 
 time had muted that pain , but now it was all back , thrashing around and making her bleed all over again . 
 `` you felt too much , '' he said , a slight catch in his voice . 
 `` i am sorry for that . 
 it was not my intent . '' 
 hot fingers stroked her scalp as if he were trying to soothe her . 
 he pulled her against his bare chest , and she let him , craving any comfort he could offer . 
 his skin was warm and firm under her cheek . 
 she could hear his heart pounding , slow and steady . 
 the scent of campfires still clung to his skin , familiar and reassuring , reminding her of safe , happy times when the whole world was hers to shape to fit her dreams . 
 slowly , as the visions he 'd shown her faded from sight , allowing her to see her real surroundings , the strength of the emotions she had experienced eased . 
 the knot of grief in her chest loosened , and her throat relaxed . 
 she saw her fingers clutching his shoulder , not even making indentations in his tough skin . 
 one of his hands cradled her head , the other wrapped around her waist , holding her in place as if he feared she might fall over . 
 his long hair curled around her wrist , giving off a living kind of warmth as it stroked her skin . 
 it was softer than anything on a man his size had the right to be , but right now she was grateful for a bit of softness . 
 clinging to him chafed at her independence , but it was n't every day that a woman had her brain invaded by an alien . 
 she felt she had a right to cling just a little . 
 `` you should speak now and reassure me that i did no lasting damage . '' 
 he managed to sound both insecure and demanding at the same time . 
 she shifted muscles to move away , and his hold on her tightened-even the hair around her wrist coiled closer to her skin . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she said , her voice making it sound like a lie . 
 `` just a little rattled . 
 you can let me go . '' 
 `` you nearly collapsed . '' 
 `` i 'm better now . 
 promise . '' 
 he did n't seem inclined to let her go , and while this whole cuddling with a hot man thing was really nice , she did n't like it that he ignored her request . 
 she did n't care what planet he was from . 
 when it came to her body , she got to decide who touched and who did n't . 
 `` let me go , '' she ordered , making it clear she was n't asking . 
 he released her slowly , and every one of his fingertips slid across her skin in a caress she felt all the way to her toes . 
 singing pleasure winged through her nerve endings , making her all too aware of the way her br ** sts tightened and her belly fluttered . 
 by the time he took a small step back , she felt like she 'd been petted from top to bottom and back again . 
 it had been a long time since anyone had wanted to touch her like that-even longer since she 'd wanted anyone to do so . 
 he 'd obeyed her order , but rather than feeling satisfied , she was left shaking , cold and alone , aching for things she refused to name . 
 adria brushed her hair from her face , and saw her hands trembling . 
 she tried to cover her weakness , but the way he was staring at her with unblinking intensity made it seem impossible that he 'd miss a thing . 
 `` so what now ... '' it struck her that she did n't even know his name . 
 `` what do you call yourself ? '' 
 `` toren . '' 
 `` so what now , toren ? '' 
 `` now you go and gather up the items i requested . '' 
 `` uh . 
 sorry to break this to you after all the trouble you went to for the whole mind-meld thing , but i still do n't know what you need . '' 
 `` yes , you do . 
 all you have to do is access the knowledge i conveyed . '' 
 she scoured her mind for something that was n't there before , but all she could find was that image of elina lying dead with that evil man standing over her , murder weapon in hand . 
 and while the memory still had the power to turn her stomach , the effects were not nearly as potent as they 'd been before . 
 thank god . 
 `` nope . 
 sorry , '' she said . 
 `` no magical grocery list . '' 
 `` it is there , '' he said with complete certainty . 
 adria slipped past his wide shoulder and went to her purse . 
 she did n't know why she suddenly needed her purse so badly , but the need flared inside her , forcing her actions . 
 `` i 'm not sure how this is supposed to go , but maybe it does n't work with humans . '' 
 she emptied out the contents of her makeup bag and handed a pair of earrings to toren . 
 he looked down at them , a triumphant smile stretching his full mouth . 
 `` this is one of the things i need . '' 
 `` earrings ? '' 
 `` is that what this material is called ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 silver . '' 
 and as soon as she said the word , a huge gong and bright lights went off inside her mind , and she was filled with a sense of giddiness , like she 'd won an intergalactic lottery . 
 her knees went liquid , her head spun , and she started to topple to the floor . 
 chapter four toren grabbed adreeahbenwah before she could damage herself . 
 just the thought of her delicate skin being marred had him instinctively using his magic to fuel his speed . 
 more sparks of power dribbled from his dwindling reserves , but the prize was worth the cost . 
 she clung to him as if he were the only thing holding her to this spinning planet . 
 her cheek pressed against his bare chest , and he marveled again at how pliant and soft she was . 
 he could feel fine tremors cascading through her body , and in that instant , he imagined what it would be like to make her tremble in another , more intimate way . 
 he knew almost nothing about her culture . 
 very few of his kind had ever escaped from their prison sentences on obliterra . 
 he was certain that most had tried , but he could already feel the numbing effects this place had on him . 
 the edges of what had once been crisp , clean memories had begun to blur . 
 it was only a matter of time before he forgot everything about his old life-including those he loved . 
 if he forgot the scene he had witnessed of grynar standing over elina , weapon in hand , justice would never be found for his sister . 
 that could not happen . 
 his family still wept over elina 's death . 
 they doubtlessly wept over his imprisonment , fed lies toren could not contest . 
 if he stayed here , another child would be forever lost to his mother . 
 the idea of causing his parents more pain was more than he could tolerate . 
 toren lifted adreeahbenwah 's body and carried her to the narrow bed in front of the fire . 
 he had intended to lay her out so she could rest and recover , but he enjoyed the feel of her in his arms too much to let her go . 
 such thoughts were not normal for him . 
 he loved women , but never had he felt like the absence of one would cause him any discomfort . 
 he tried to reassure himself by remembering that this one fragile human was his only connection in this world-his only means of escape . 
 it was natural for him to feel protective of her . 
 he sat on the bed and leaned back , arranging her in his lap so that she fit the shape of his body . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' she said , though the tremor in her voice told another story . 
 `` you can let me go . '' 
 `` i did not know my knowledge would affect you like that . 
 i am sorry . '' 
 she started to sit up , out of his embrace , but seemed to lack the strength . 
 after a moment , she relaxed back against his body . 
 her breathing was fast , drawing his attention to her br ** sts . 
 the clothing she wore skimmed over her curves , molding to them . 
 he knew it was dishonorable of him to stare , but it was not every day that he was greeted with such an alluring sight . 
 the edge of her shirt had crept up , revealing a narrow ribbon of skin above her blue pants . 
 the temptation was irresistible , and he was already fighting his natural urges to tap into his power . 
 combatting the urge to touch her as well seemed too much to ask of himself . 
 toren traced that band of skin with the tip of one finger . 
 the silken softness that greeted him had a magic all its own . 
 even the slightest pressure shaped her flesh . 
 the women of his kind were not so malleable . 
 their skin was as firm as his , protecting them from the harsh elements that surrounded them . 
 one single diamond storm would tear the fragile skin from adreeahbenwah 's body . 
 it struck him that she could not survive in his world , just as everything important inside of him would die if he stayed here . 
 as strong a warrior as he was , he was not powerful enough with strands of magic to construct a shield that would protect his mind from this place , even for a brief time . 
 his skill lay more in speed and aggression , rather than the more delicate intricacies of protection and defense , like others of his bloodline . 
 `` how did you get here ? '' 
 she asked . 
 toren debated telling her , but if he conversed with her , she might stay in his arms-an idea he found too compelling to resist . 
 `` my brother in marriage cast me here so that i could not give testimony to what i had witnessed . 
 he was the one who killed elina . '' 
 `` that 's the guy i saw with the knife , right ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` why did he kill her ? '' 
 `` he wanted a child . 
 elina confided in me that she worried about his lack of control . 
 he was becoming angrier as time passed-as he tapped into more powerful threads of magic best left to those with decades more practice than he had . 
 elina knew he was behaving in a dangerous manner and did not want to subject a child to his anger . 
 she wanted him to seek peace , to be content with his inherent power , but he found it inadequate . 
 she said she was going to tell him her decision this morning . 
 i went to her home to protect her from any backlash , but i was too late . '' 
 `` you showed up just in time to see what he 'd done . 
 why did n't you report him to the police ? '' 
 thinking about those moments was difficult , but at least he could still remember them . 
 he took solace in that , knowing that even his darkest memories were n't eroding . 
 `` he is an enforcer of our laws-the one who oversees justice in our area . 
 it is his job to punish the guilty , and until now , he was praised for his fair and even hand . 
 he knew all would believe i had killed elina if he said it was so . 
 no one would question his authority without reason . '' 
 `` and with you here , who would do the questioning ? '' 
 `` precisely . '' 
 he turned his face away to hide his shame . 
 `` elina and i had argued the night before her murder . 
 our parents heard the quarrel and knew i was furious . 
 i wanted her to wait for me to arrive before she told grynar she would not have his child . 
 she refused , saying it was a private matter between her and her husband . '' 
 `` so he set you up to take the fall for what he did ? '' 
 toren searched for the meaning of her words . 
 `` when he saw that i had entered the room and witnessed what he had done , he opened a rift and sent me here before i could raise any kind of alarm . 
 he knew i was newly home from battle and not yet restored . 
 he thought my weakness would prevent me from finding a way home . 
 he underestimated me . '' 
 `` so you go home and then what ? 
 you tell the police what you saw ? '' 
 it took him a moment to translate the word police . 
 `` grynar is police . 
 unless i go home , no one will question that i was the one at fault . '' 
 `` if grynar is a cop , then who will you tell ? '' 
 `` i will show the council what i witnessed , much like i did with you . 
 grynar answers to them , but acts autonomously unless accused of wrongdoing by another . 
 i will accuse him and call for justice . '' 
 `` will they think you 're lying ? '' 
 he was shocked by the question , allowing a trace of indignation into his tone . 
 `` only someone with no honor would lie to the council , and as far as i know , there is no way to lie with memories . 
 they will see what i saw , without taint . '' 
 `` i did n't mean to insult you or anything . 
 we do n't have any way to share memories like you do , so people lie all the time . 
 especially criminals . 
 someone like grynar could just say that he found the knife and pulled it out of her , hoping to save her . '' 
 `` if he were to say such things , the council would seek the truth from his own mind . 
 there is no way he can hide this so long as there is at least one witness to accuse him of the crime . '' 
 `` you , '' she guessed . 
 `` no one else was there . 
 if i do not accuse him , no one else will . 
 he will remain a free man . '' 
 `` and a ** holes like that rarely stop with destroying one life . '' 
 in that , at least , their people were the same . 
 `` grynar 's temper was always easily provoked . 
 i should have been there . 
 i should have stopped him . 
 if i had ... '' `` you ca n't second-guess yourself like that . 
 i felt how much you loved her . 
 i know you would have done everything in your power to save her . '' 
 `` and now i must do everything in my power to return home . '' 
 `` even if that means turning my head into the gong show . 
 i get it , '' she said , sounding resigned . 
 `` i should get up and start looking for more stuff you need . 
 the sooner i 'm done , the sooner you can go home . '' 
 toren was not convinced she was well enough yet to continue her search . 
 as much as he wanted to return home , he had no way of knowing if adreeahbenwah could harm herself by pushing too hard . 
 if she did , he would never forgive his abuse of her . 
 besides , holding her like this had soothed some of his rage . 
 he was n't sure what it was about her that eased him , but he was reluctant to let go and risk being tossed back into that maelstrom of grief and anger so soon . 
 this peace was a welcome respite-one he was loathe to abandon . 
 without realizing what he had done , toren had slipped his hand beneath her shirt and splayed his fingers across her abdomen . 
 the end of one finger was tucked beneath the top of her pants , molded to the slight swell of her belly . 
 their skin tones contrasted sharply-his pale and frosty against her warmer , darker coloring . 
 she lifted her head and stared down to where he touched her . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 toren probably should have pulled his hand away , but he liked the feel of her skin too much to move unless she requested it . 
 `` does my touch bother you ? '' 
 her cheeks darkened , flushing a deep red . 
 `` bother is n't exactly the word i 'd use . 
 still , you should n't go around groping women you do n't know . '' 
 it suddenly occurred to him that a woman as beautiful as adreeahbenwah would have countless men wanting to claim her . 
 she would have her pick of them , and it was not likely that she would be free of attachments . 
 `` you are bound to another , '' he said , knowing it had to be true . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm single , but i generally do n't let strangers paw me . '' 
 he was not sure he liked the term paw , but considering his hand was still on her , his fingers kneading gently , it was an appropriate description . 
 toren moved his hand and tugged her shirt down to cover the temptation she presented . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 `` better . 
 the dizziness is gone . 
 i can sit on the couch by myself . '' 
 he catalogued the word she used for the narrow bed , but ignored her request . 
 he had just given up the feel of her bare body under his hand-it was not fair of her to ask him to give up more . 
 instead , he leaned back , stretching out his legs , giving her more room atop him . 
 `` do you know where to find the other items i need ? '' 
 `` i 'm not even sure how i figured out that you needed silver . 
 and to be honest , the reaction my puny human brain had to helping you was a bit ... intense . 
 i 'm not sure i 'm ready to go through that again right away . '' 
 `` i hate that you suffered , but i do not have much time . 
 perhaps if i try again to implant the knowledge , i can make it easier for you to bear . '' 
 he reached for her head , but she jerked back . 
 `` uh . 
 no . 
 we 're good . 
 just give me a minute and i 'll try again . '' 
 toren wanted to tell her not to rush , but he did not have the luxury of time . 
 she was the key to his going home , and if that meant he had to watch her suffer , then he was going to have to harden himself against it . 
 every moment he stayed here was one of suffering for his entire family . 
 he could not sit back and allow that to happen any longer than necessary . 
 `` i will fetch food for you , '' he offered . 
 `` nourishment will help . '' 
 his quest meant letting her go , but it seemed fair that he suffer at least as much as she did . 
 * * * adria was n't sure what was making her shake more-the mental explosion she 'd experienced or toren 's touch . 
 it had been years since a man had touched her like that-not since before the big c had stolen william and changed the course of her life . 
 she 'd first focused on getting him well . 
 then when she failed to do that , she focused on her career . 
 every minute she spent working was one she did n't have to grieve for what she 'd lost before she 'd really even been able to enjoy it . 
 maybe it was better that way . 
 there was no way to know for sure , so she did the only thing she knew how : she worked . 
 hard . 
 endless hours , countless weekends . 
 even her time off had ended up with her back at the office , putting out some fire or other . 
 she was good at what she did , but the pace was killing her . 
 this vacation was supposed to be her first real one in years , and here she was , searching for things she could n't even name in order to save some alien 's life-an alien who made her feel more human than she had in years . 
 funny how life turned out . 
 `` there 's a bowl of soup in the microwave , '' she told him to get him to release her . 
 as much as she enjoyed having his hands on her , the way they made her feel was nearly too much to handle . 
 her body was overheated , her blood pumping through her too fast . 
 heat radiated out from her skin , and a line of sweat formed along her brow . 
 he set her on the couch and stood , towering over her . 
 his glower was a clear warning to stay put-one her spinning head intended to heed . 
 the last thing she needed was to fall and knock herself unconscious . 
 the sooner she found the things toren needed to leave , the better . 
 as he walked away , she could n't help but stare . 
 his body was the stuff of daydreams . 
 clad only in those too-small shorts , she could easily see the way his muscles shifted as he moved . 
 she could watch a sight like that all day and never get bored . 
 too bad he was n't human . 
 a little randr with a man like him could do wonders for a woman . 
 but he was n't human , and she had no idea if he was even capable of the things going through her head-wicked , shamefully delightful things that made a blush burn in her cheeks . 
 he came back with an apple and the crooked knife . 
 her eyes lowered to his groin , and from what she could tell , he had all the right parts . 
 a low growl seeped from his chest , forcing her eyes upward . 
 heat suffused her face , and she knew she had to be glowing with embarrassment . 
 adria cleared her throat and forced herself to concentrate on his face . 
 `` you have no idea what a microwave is , do you ? '' 
 `` none . '' 
 `` it 's our own kind of magic that heats foods in seconds . '' 
 `` magic can not exist here-at least not for long . 
 your world eats it . '' 
 `` our magic is called technology , and it works great . '' 
 he did n't even try to hide his skepticism . 
 `` i doubt that . '' 
 she held out her hand for the apple . 
 `` you are shaking and will slice yourself open . 
 i will feed you . '' 
 `` yeah , that 's really not necessary . '' 
 he ignored that and sat next to her , cutting small pieces of the fruit for her to eat . 
 she drew the line at letting him feed her , but took what he offered . 
 his brows were lowered in concentration as he worked . 
 the knife seemed tiny in his hands , and he moved as though he was n't used to using such small utensils . 
 firelight flickered off his rough features , and she swore she saw hints of deep purple glowing in his black hair as it swayed around his shoulders . 
 he handed her another bite of apple , then watched her mouth as she ate it . 
 all this male attention was making her a bit self-conscious , but his expression was not one of curiosity , but of hot , intense interest . 
 if she did n't know better , she would have sworn that he wanted her . 
 adria had to stop staring , so she moved her gaze to the fire . 
 `` so , what now ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` how do i find the other things you need ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 your mind is different from mine . 
 predicting how it will function seems beyond my ability . '' 
 `` so i just sit around and wait for another brain blast ? '' 
 `` is it really so unpleasant ? 
 i do not wish you pain . '' 
 `` it 's not painful , really . 
 just incredibly ... aggressive . '' 
 `` aggressive brain blast . 
 that sounds like pain to me . '' 
 he stood in a rush , his intent to leave plain . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` i will find another human to aid me . '' 
 `` are you serious ? 
 you 're just going to walk out in the middle of the night in this freezing weather and go find someone else ? 
 do you have any idea how isolated we are ? 
 we 're miles from the nearest ... anything . '' 
 `` how far is miles ? '' 
 `` a long way . 
 too long for you to walk in one night . 
 especially in those shorts . '' 
 `` i will use my power to run fast . '' 
 `` and just how much power do you have left before my world eats it , as you so eloquently put it ? '' 
 he stood in silence , his jaw tight , his posture defiant and rigid . 
 `` sit down , toren . 
 i 'm happy to help you . 
 really . 
 it was n't all that bad . 
 besides , what makes you think that another human would have it any easier than i do ? '' 
 `` i will care less what happens to another human . '' 
 if she was n't mistaken , that was his way of saying that he cared about her . 
 `` you do n't even know me . '' 
 `` i touched your thoughts . 
 i. . . 
 felt you . 
 i wo n't make that mistake with another . '' 
 she was n't sure exactly what he was trying to say , but him feeling her seemed to be a big deal to him . 
 maybe that was taboo in his culture or something . 
 hell , for all she knew it meant they were married . 
 that idea should have bothered her a lot more than it did . 
 `` fine . 
 if it bothers you so much , then there will be no more touching or feeling . '' 
 his gaze slid down the length of her body and back up again . 
 he licked his lips , and his irises shifted from blue to red to dark purple . 
 `` i do not know if i have that much control . '' 
 oh , yeah . 
 he was definitely into her . 
 there was no mistaking that expression , no matter how long it had been since she 'd seen a man look at her like that . 
 her body warmed , and something deep inside her abdomen-right under where his hand had been-clenched hard . 
 adria had thought that feelings like this were lost to her . 
 she had n't wanted a man since william . 
 she was unwilling to lose someone else she loved , so why take even one step on that path ? 
 what was the point ? 
 but now , watching him stare at her like he was starving for a taste , she realized what she 'd been missing . 
 people had sex every day with people they did n't really know . 
 she 'd never done that before , but maybe it was time to give it a shot . 
 for her it had always been about love , but it did n't have to be , did it ? 
 it did n't have to be about permanence or a future together . 
 it could simply be about feeling good-something she had n't done in a long time . 
 with toren , she did n't have to feel guilty or worry that he 'd develop false expectations . 
 he was leaving . 
 he would n't be around long enough for her to really learn to care for him . 
 it was temporary . 
 fleeting . 
 safe . 
 but not meaningless . 
 to her , feeling this again-feeling alive again-had more meaning than he would ever know . 
 deep , aching want unfurled inside of her , giving her courage she never would have otherwise had . 
 for all she knew , he 'd be gone in a few hours . 
 she was n't going to waste her one chance for a guilt-free fling . 
 `` are you married ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` seeing someone ? '' 
 `` i see you , adreeahbenwah . '' 
 the way he said it , the way he looked at her as if she were the only thing that mattered , made her toes curl and her heart beat a little faster . 
 `` i mean is there another woman in your life ? 
 someone back home who would be upset with you for the way you 're looking at me now ? '' 
 `` there is no one . '' 
 a dark smile drew her attention to his mouth . 
 the indentation in his upper lips was deep , accentuating its fullness . 
 the need to run her finger along that dent and feel if his mouth was softer than the rest of him sent an itchy restlessness speeding through her . 
 her insides trembled . 
 she had n't yet done anything she could n't take back . 
 a bit of teasing , a whole pile of lust , but nothing irrevocable . 
 adria so desperately wanted to do something irrevocable with toren . 
 his gaze had not left her while she warred with indecision . 
 `` and how is it that i look at you , adreeahbenwah ? '' 
 she loved the way he said her name , like it was all one word-the way he lingered over each syllable as if enjoying the feel of it against his tongue . 
 `` you look at me as if the rest of the world could fall away and you would n't notice . '' 
 `` that sounds like a dangerous way to feel , '' he said , but he did n't deny it . 
 `` it 's certainly a dangerous way to look at me . '' 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 `` because you 're making me consider things i should not be considering . '' 
 he lifted a dark brow . 
 `` i would like to hear these things . '' 
 maybe , but she sure as hell was n't going to say them . 
 he made her quiver inside . 
 he stole her breath . 
 she was n't going to give him the added ammunition of her fantasies . 
 `` i think that 's a bad idea , '' she told him . 
 he loomed over her . 
 she needed to stand and close the distance , but she worried that her traitorous knees would buckle . 
 if they did and she ended up in his arms again , she knew how this would end . 
 she 'd take what she so desperately wanted-what he seemed willing to give-and nothing else would ever be the same again . 
 was that such a bad thing ? 
 was her life really such a pile of roses and sunshine that a change-nearly any change-wouldn ' t be an improvement ? 
 not even close . 
 before adria could change her mind , she surged to her feet and launched herself at him . 
 he caught her easily , not even swaying as her body met his . 
 she had no idea what would happen next , or how he would react , but that merely added another layer of excitement . 
 she kissed him , and for a moment , his hesitation gave her pause . 
 did his kind kiss ? 
 did it mean something different to him than it did to her ? 
 with a low sound of surrender , toren kissed her back , and all those questions hovering in her mind were washed away by the sheer force of his enthusiasm . 
 one hand cupped her bottom , lifting her higher to reach just the right angle . 
 he tilted his head and his lips parted to let in a deep breath . 
 adria took advantage of the opportunity and slipped the tip of her tongue along the inside of his upper lip , right where the firm , hot skin of his lips met the soft , wet contours of his mouth . 
 whether he 'd never kissed before , or simply had n't kissed like this , she was n't sure , but what she did know was that his reaction was immediate and almost violent in its haste . 
 he bore her down to the couch , his heavy body pressing her into the soft cushions . 
 the air whooshed from her lungs , and an electric thrill raced along her nerves . 
 every inch of her tingled . 
 she felt like she 'd been asleep for years and was just now waking again , shrugging off the foggy cobwebs of fatigue . 
 the world seemed brighter . 
 colors were more vivid . 
 her skin was more sensitive , allowing her to feel every single strand of his hair caressing her cheeks and neck . 
 toren kissed her deeper , his tongue greedy as if needing to taste more of her . 
 his fingers tugged at her sweater like he was seeking a way to open it . 
 she tried to tell him how to pull it over her head , but there was n't enough oxygen in her brain for something as complicated as speech , and he did n't allow enough room between them for her to remove the sweater herself . 
 his mouth moved to her neck , and his tongue did something against her skin that made her vision blur with sensory overload . 
 her whole world lit up with pleasure and yet she still needed more . 
 the empty ache inside of her demanded to be filled . 
 she slid her hands down his back , following the ridges of muscles flanking his spine to where they descended below his shorts . 
 the smooth , hot skin of his ass filled her palms . 
 at her touch , his h * ps surged against her . 
 her legs were wrapped around him , leaving her open to the hard bulge of his erection as it rubbed against her jeans . 
 he definitely had the right equipment to make this happen . 
 and then some . 
 adria needed to be out of her clothes . 
 she needed to feel his hot skin on hers , inside her . 
 with strength she had n't known she possessed , she shoved his shoulders away . 
 he stared down at her , his eyes a deep , almost ultraviolet purple . 
 a look of betrayal and determination hardened his features . 
 his mouth flattened in something resembling anger , and his whole body quaked with barely-controlled restraint . 
 `` this was a game ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` make me need , then push me away ? '' 
 `` you 're not the only one in need . 
 and i need to be nak * d. '' she stripped her sweater off over her head and unhooked her bra . 
 his eyelids lowered and his expression shifted to one of triumph . 
 a slow smile shaped his full lips as he traced a finger over the curve of her breast . 
 before she forgot her goal , she unfastened her jeans and made toren move so she could slide them off . 
 he stared down at her nak * d body for a long moment . 
 quiet , almost reverent words flowed from him in a language so beautiful it reminded her of music . 
 she had no idea what he said , but the sounds of desire and appreciation were clear enough . 
 `` i want you nak * d , too . 
 and then , that thing you did to my neck with your tongue , '' she told him , `` i want you to do it again . 
 all over . '' 
 he gave her a wicked grin as he shoved his shorts down his powerful legs . 
 adria knew it was rude to stare , but she could n't help herself . 
 the man was simply gorgeous-every inch of him . 
 her first impressions of him being a model had been wrong . 
 she could see that now in the small scars that marked his body . 
 his muscles were not merely cosmetic-they were functional . 
 thick thighs and forearms . 
 a deep , wide chest . 
 `` you 're some kind of warrior , are n't you ? '' 
 his abdomen tightened as if he were preparing to take a punch . 
 `` will my profession change your willingness for me to claim you ? '' 
 `` hell no . '' 
 `` then we will speak of it another time . 
 after i 've done that thing with my tongue you like so much . '' 
 and then he was kissing her again , and all thoughts of professions evaporated . 
 all that mattered was his hot , smooth skin against hers , and the need for her to get as close to him as possible . 
 he pressed her down into the couch cushions as he began moving down her body . 
 small , biting kisses and hot , trailing swipes of his tongue swept over her throat and collarbone . 
 each one made her muscles clench in anticipation . 
 his big hand cupped her breast , and she could feel her nipple harden further , stabbing against his hot palm . 
 almost too hot . 
 his body was blazing now , shielding her against the chilly night air . 
 toren nudged her thighs wider , making room for himself between them . 
 his lips made a spiral path over her breast , inching closer to where she wanted him . 
 she slid her hands into his hair in an effort to move his head where she wanted it , but he was not deterred from his torturously slow path . 
 she was n't strong enough to move him . 
 thick locks of his long hair wove their way around her wrists , binding them together . 
 a dark purr of satisfaction rumbled out of him , vibrating the air in her lungs . 
 and then his mouth closed over her nipple and she was doing her own purring . 
 his tongue twisted around her nipple , rippling in a way she did n't understand . 
 all she knew was that brilliant bursts of pleasure were radiating out from that contact , setting her whole world on fire . 
 toren reached between them and covered her mound with his hand . 
 she ground herself against him , feeling the slick proof of her need gliding between them . 
 his skin was so hot , she was sure it would burn her , but instead , it only heightened the sensation . 
 her whole world shrank down to two pinpoints of pleasure , then exploded like a star going supernova , consuming everything around her . 
 adria cried out as she came , her voice reverberating in the small cabin . 
 it was n't a gentle orgasm-it tore its way free , forcing her to submit to it . 
 her whole body lurched upward , only to be held down by toren 's weight . 
 slowly , the searing pleasure receded , leaving her trembling in its aftermath . 
 her labored breathing bellowed out of her , and she clutched his head to reassure herself that he was still with her . 
 her cli ** x had n't been too good to be real . 
 before she 'd even regained her ability to speak , he moved up , his erection nudging against her . 
 his mouth covered hers in a searing kiss , as if to quiet any protests she might make . 
 she kissed him back , digging her fingernails into his scalp . 
 it took a little effort , but she managed to wiggle beneath him just enough that the tip of his c * ck slid right where she needed it . 
 toren seemed to need no further encouragement . 
 his powerful h * ps surged forward . 
 she did n't think it was possible , but her body stretched to accommodate him easily , sending sharp , electric sensations rioting along her nerve endings . 
 heat blasted out of him , warming her from the inside out . 
 his mouth feasted on hers , and when he did that thing with his tongue against hers , she felt an answering rush of liquid heat spilling from her as well . 
 his hair lifted her wrists over her head , binding them in place . 
 she felt too good to even consider fighting . 
 each driving thrust eased him in further , filling her completely until there was no room left for thought . 
 pleasure glowed between them , an almost palpable force . 
 she saw it in the lines of his face , and the way his powerful muscles bunched as he moved over her . 
 his dark purple eyes glowed with it , and she knew it would n't be long before she was no longer able to contain so much sensation within herself . 
 another soul-rocking orgasm tumbled over her , and toren rode her through it , his pace forcing her to fly higher with every stroke . 
 her cry of completion came out rough and breathless , nearly unrecognizable to her own ears . 
 a dark smile of victory shaped his mouth as he watched her . 
 the hot look left her fumbling for some sense of calm , but there was none to be had . 
 she was trapped in the middle of this storm that he 'd created within her , and her only solid ground was the hard cage of his body surrounding her . 
 `` you will accept me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she did n't know what he meant . 
 she 'd already accepted about as much of him as she could . 
 still , the fierce demand in his question compelled her to answer in the way he seemed to want . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he wrapped his arms around her and lifted her atop him . 
 he grabbed the back of her hair in his fist and angled her neck back . 
 his tongue worked its magic over her throat , and she felt his c * ck swell and heat inside of her . 
 he stretched her further . 
 nerve endings she did n't even know she had began firing , sparking along her spine at the speed of lightning . 
 colors blurred around her . 
 lights flickered behind her eyelids . 
 her body seemed like a foreign thing , experiencing sensations she 'd never before known existed . 
 his arm about her h * ps controlled the pace , forcing her to move against him more slowly than she would have chosen . 
 she gripped his hard shoulders and held on , struggling to find enough air to keep her head from spinning . 
 another storm was building inside of her , growing faster than the last two . 
 she did n't know how he did it , but she did n't have the breath to ask . 
 she simply accepted it as part of him , reveling in the things that made him different from all the other men she 'd ever known . 
 toren 's grip tightened . 
 quiet , musical words spilled over her skin in a rush of hot air . 
 his whole body heated further , so hot his hair lifted away from his shoulders . 
 the arm around her h * ps tightened , urging her to move faster . 
 intense pressure coiled within her . 
 his size , his heat , the gliding pressure of each stroke-it all caused that pressure to build until she was sure it would tear her apart . 
 powerful words burst from him in a shout , and the sound of wind chimes filled her ears . 
 trembling power shot out through her limbs , bouncing back and redoubling . 
 lights consumed her vision and then went black as her cli ** x overtook her . 
 adria hovered within pleasure , letting it cast her body about like a leaf on the wind . 
 heat exploded in liquid bursts deep inside of her as he came , tossing her even higher . 
 the harsh sound of toren 's rough cry of pleasure shimmered in the air . 
 he surrounded her , holding her against him . 
 everywhere he touched his heat sank into her , easing her back to reality . 
 the last trembling echoes of her orgasm quieted , leaving small aftershocks tumbling through her . 
 toren laid her back onto the couch , his erection still filling her , and his body a hot blanket over her . 
 his gaze pinned her in place as he stared at her expectantly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` am i supposed to say something ? '' 
 `` did you feel that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 how could she not have ? 
 `` uh , yeah . 
 several times . '' 
 he frowned as if confused . 
 now she was starting to worry that she 'd done something wrong . 
 she had no idea what magical aliens expected out of their boinking partners . 
 `` listen , toren . 
 you 're going to have to spell it out for me . 
 if i was supposed to do something i did n't , or did do something i should n't have , you need - '' `` no . 
 nothing like that . 
 you were perfect . 
 truly . '' 
 he smoothed her hair off her damp forehead . 
 `` i was merely imagining things . '' 
 chapter five toren 's mind was already playing tricks on him , and he 'd only been here a few hours . 
 there was no way she could have pulled magic from him-unless she 'd done so unintentionally . 
 still , his reserves were lower than they 'd been before . 
 something had weakened him during their joining , and the list of things that would have done so was short . 
 he grudgingly pulled himself from her body and squeezed in next to her . 
 whoever had designed this couch had apparently never wanted to sleep beside a woman . 
 there was simply no room . 
 `` how do you humans have children ? '' 
 he asked . 
 her skin was flushed a pretty reddish color , which seemed to darken at his question . 
 `` uh . 
 the normal way ? '' 
 `` normal for us is copulation combined with a merger of power meant for that purpose . 
 you have no power , so how is it your species continues ? '' 
 `` wow . 
 okay . 
 this is definitely one of those things responsible adults would have talked about before doing what we just did . '' 
 `` i have no power to travel through time . 
 i am sorry . '' 
 she smiled as if he had made some joke before she said , `` we just do the copulation part . 
 babies tend to happen unless we stop it . '' 
 `` stop it ? 
 how ? '' 
 `` medicine , devices . '' 
 none of that made any sense to him , but there was one part he understood easily enough . 
 she had summoned some kind of magic in the moment of his cli ** x , and while he had no firsthand knowledge of procreation , he wondered if that was not what it would feel like . 
 a momentary thrill sped through him only to be doused by reality . 
 `` do you use any of these devices ? '' 
 he asked , holding his breath in anticipation of her response . 
 `` i take a pill . 
 you do n't have to worry about any little torens running around after you 're gone . '' 
 that was good . 
 leaving behind a child to grow up on this world fatherless would have broken his soul . 
 tearing a child from its mother would have ripped his soul clean of his body . 
 only a monster would do such a thing . 
 she stretched , and seeing all those flushed curves on such display made toren 's c * ck twitch with interest . 
 `` i 'm going to get back to work on figuring out what you need to go home . '' 
 he hated not being close to her , but was consoled by being able to watch the way her body glowed in the firelight as she gathered her clothes . 
 `` i thank you for that . '' 
 she lifted one beautifully nak * d shoulder . 
 `` sure . 
 i 'm going to grab a quick shower . 
 be out in a few minutes . '' 
 adreeahbenwah disappeared through a doorway and closed it behind her . 
 there was little he could do until she found what he needed to build the amplification device . 
 he was going to need all the help he could get if he was going to have any hope of going back home to ... what ? 
 he could n't remember . 
 he knew it was important . 
 the rage and fury associated with the memory was still there , but the source of it was simply gone . 
 his memory was fading too fast . 
 obliterra was already affecting him , and he had n't even been here a full day . 
 the sound of water running in the next room drew his attention back to his savior . 
 if the information he put inside her mind did not unfurl soon , he was going to lose himself . 
 his family would suffer and grieve for him . 
 losing elina was more pain than they deserved . 
 toren had to get home , even if that meant pushing more magic into adreeahbenwah 's mind . 
 he was n't sure what the long-term effects would be , but he 'd do whatever it took to protect his family . 
 he only hoped that it did n't mean sacrificing this sweet human woman to do so . 
 * * * adria spent the entire night and the next day driven by a compulsion she could n't resist . 
 whatever toren had done to her had started working with a vengeance , because she 'd torn the entire cabin apart , accumulating aluminum foil , glass jars , silverware , tooth picks , and a variety of other things that lit her brain on fire when she saw them . 
 after twenty hours , she could feel that there were still more things he needed , but her body would simply go no longer without rest . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she told him as she slumped into a chair . 
 `` that 's all i can do . '' 
 he crouched in front of her , and stroked her cheek with the back of his hand . 
 `` it is enough for now . 
 i will begin construction while you sleep . '' 
 `` do n't you need to sleep ? '' 
 `` my days are longer than yours . 
 i am still able to work , and there is not much time . '' 
 a twinge of regret pinched her stomach . 
 she 'd really wanted to sleep beside him-to feel his warm strength curled up against her . 
 that was something else she 'd been deprived of since william 's death . 
 it was n't until she 'd had it in her grasp that she 'd realized just how much she missed sleeping next to a man . 
 maybe it was best that she was n't going to have it . 
 spending one night cuddled up with someone was likely only going to make going back to her empty bed that much worse . 
 `` good night , then . 
 i 'll go into town in the morning and get you some clothes . 
 maybe i 'll see something else there you need , too . '' 
 it seemed like she 'd been in bed for less than an hour when dawn lit her room , waking her . 
 toren was sitting at the end of the bed , simply watching her . 
 the early morning light looked good on him . 
 it draped his bare chest in shadows that accentuated all those delicious muscles . 
 his skin seemed less pale today . 
 maybe it was a trick of the warm , golden sunrise , but the bluish tint that had been there before had faded . 
 his hair swirled over his wide shoulders , lazily caressing them . 
 sunlight gleamed off its shining depths , accentuating the deep purple tones hidden in the inky locks . 
 she self-consciously straightened her own hair , sure it was a wreck from sleep . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` watching you sleep . 
 did you know that you talk when resting ? '' 
 she had ever since she was a little girl , but she had n't really expected anyone to hear her . 
 `` what did i say ? '' 
 `` nothing i truly understood . 
 except for my name . '' 
 she 'd dreamed about him-vivid , erotic dreams that left her body humming with latent need . 
 `` sorry , '' she said as she tossed back the covers . 
 `` next time you should n't eavesdrop . '' 
 he tilted his head as if trying to understand . 
 `` you should n't listen , '' she clarified . 
 `` it 's rude . 
 besides , are n't you supposed to be working ? '' 
 `` on what ? '' 
 the way he said it gave her pause . 
 there was no sense of recognition in his eyes , no trace of urgency in his tone . 
 `` that thing that 's going to get you home . 
 you know . 
 your magic ... thing . '' 
 he frowned and looked around the room as if seeing it for the first time . 
 `` this is n't my home , '' he said , as though he just now realized that . 
 `` no . 
 it 's not even your world . 
 remember sorsca ? '' 
 `` my world ... '' his eyes widened , and the pale blue ring expanded as his pupil contracted with fear . 
 `` obliterra . 
 it 's sucking away my thoughts . 
 i 'm already losing myself . '' 
 he looked so scared , so uncertain , her heart squeezed out a rush of sympathy . 
 she went to him and hugged him close . 
 `` you just need to focus , okay ? '' 
 `` focus ? '' 
 `` concentrate on your task . 
 do you remember what you said you had to build ? '' 
 his grip on her tightened , but she felt him nod . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good . 
 just remember that . 
 concentrate on building your ride home . 
 i 'll be back in a couple of hours with more supplies so you can finish , okay ? '' 
 again he nodded , but when she pulled back , she could see fear hovering in his expression . 
 `` i will do as you ask . 
 but you must hurry . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 adria dressed fast and rushed out the door . 
 she only hoped that when she got back , she 'd find toren here , working , and not wandering in the woods , lost and alone with no memory of who he was . 
 * * * adria came back to find an odd , artistic sculpture on the back porch . 
 structural ribs of aluminum foil were folded to spiral around a wooden core . 
 at the base were small piles of pebbles that seemed to have been laid out to exacting standards . 
 what she suspected had once been her earrings had been pounded flat , shaped and imbedded into the log , forming some kind of symbol . 
 what he 'd built looked nothing like technology that she recognized , but she sensed within it a kind of power , much like what she 'd felt when toren had made love to her . 
 he was nowhere to be seen . 
 panic rippled through her , shoving out all thoughts of their time together . 
 she hurried to the bedroom , silently praying he would be there . 
 she found him sitting on the bed , staring out the window . 
 the blank look on his face scared the shit out of her . 
 she scrambled around the bed to reach him . 
 `` toren ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 he smiled at her , and a faint hint of recognition lit his eyes . 
 `` adreeahbenwah . '' 
 `` yes . 
 it 's adria . '' 
 she cupped his face in her hands . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 his gaze scoured her face , as though he were rediscovering details he 'd forgotten . 
 `` you are so beautiful . 
 your eyes are always dark . 
 you make me ache with want . '' 
 she melted a little at his praise , but not so much that she could overlook his lack of response to her question . 
 `` none of that , now . 
 what are you doing sitting here ? 
 do n't you have work to do ? '' 
 `` do you have need of me ? '' 
 she needed him all right , but not in the way he was thinking . 
 ever since last night , she had n't been able to get him off her mind . 
 even something as mundane as finding some clothes to fit him left her shaking and needy as she imagined stripping him out of everything she saw on the racks . 
 not since she was a hormonal teenager had she been so distracted by a man . 
 of course toren was n't just any man . 
 he was way beyond average , both in looks and his skill in bed . 
 he 'd made her feel things that she had n't even known were possible . 
 maybe with anyone else they would n't be . 
 he stared at her mouth and gripped her h * ps in his big hands . 
 `` i remember the feel of you . 
 your skin shapes itself to me as if made for that very thing . '' 
 his hands slid up , dipping beneath the hem of her shirt . 
 the heat of his fingers was startling and intense , making her shiver . 
 he left paths of glowing sensation in his wake as he pulled her down toward him . 
 adria knew where this was going . 
 his direct , hungry gaze gave away his intentions . 
 what startled her was the answering call within her-the one that made her feel all soft and deliciously weak . 
 `` we should stop , '' she whispered , though the ache twisting at her core rebelled at the idea . 
 he said nothing . 
 his hands crossed her back to cup her shoulders , and drew her down into his embrace . 
 she went where he led and straddled his lap , pressing her palms against his bare chest . 
 heat radiated up her arms , warming away the chill from her trip outside . 
 his mouth settled on hers , and her whole body quivered in celebration . 
 a languid , heavy weight fell over her , pinning her in place as she kissed him back . 
 the wild taste of him went to her head , making her dizzy . 
 his scent made memories of the two of them nak * d and entwined blaze in her mind . 
 all other thoughts evaporated , leaving her free to dive into the fiery need lighting her up . 
 toren 's grip tightened . 
 his kisses grew more urgent and demanding . 
 `` need more , '' he said into her mouth , his tone leaving no room for question . 
 `` all of you . '' 
 `` yes , '' was all she could manage to say . 
 there was nothing else she could have said in the face of so much need . 
 whatever he would take , she wanted to give . 
 the thrill of letting go tickled through her , heightening her senses . 
 she could smell the earthy scent of his skin , touched with something desperate and wild . 
 her own rapid breaths melding with his made her more aware of the way they were spinning out of control . 
 everything was moving too fast , but she delighted in the powerful tide , letting it sweep her away from the things that darkened her world . 
 with toren , there was only brightness-the two of them burning hot and fast , reveling in the way the flames consumed them . 
 a rush of energy charged through the room . 
 one moment she was fully clothed , and the next the threads against her skin dissipated like mist under the sun . 
 the cool air of the cabin swirled around her , but the heat coming off toren was more than enough to keep her warm . 
 her sudden lack of clothing was just one more mystery cast aside as unimportant and not worth her attention . 
 she kissed his neck and shoulders , digging her fingernails against his hard skin . 
 there was no give to him anywhere , just bulging muscles shifting beneath hot flesh . 
 his hair stroked her face like the softest brush , lighting up nerve endings as it passed . 
 magic seemed to trickle from every strand , tingling through her and moving down to her abdomen to the empty ache only he could ease . 
 adria did n't want to wait anymore . 
 she was ready for him , soft , wet and hungry . 
 and he was ready for her , his erection thick and hot as it rubbed against her belly . 
 toren dipped his head and pressed blazing , openmouthed kisses over her heart . 
 his tongue swirled and trembled , causing a rioting , clawing need to pull the strength from her limbs . 
 she went limp in his arms , unable to keep her bones from melting in the face of so much pleasure . 
 he caught her and lifted her up . 
 she did n't care what he did so long as he kept touching her and feeding the fires burning out of control . 
 if he stopped , she knew she would n't survive . 
 there was no way this much need could be ignored . 
 she had to appease it . 
 one way or another , toren was going to give her what she wanted . 
 he eased her back on the rumpled bed , his face a mask of determination . 
 `` lie still . '' 
 his rough whisper left no room for question . 
 that was n't a request ; it was a command . 
 his gaze bore down on her , pinning her in place . 
 with the bright sunlight streaming in through the windows , every inch of his nak * d body was put on display for her to delight in . 
 she had n't been wrong about the color of his skin . 
 there was a warmer glow to it now , though she was n't sure if it was because of his time here on earth , or because of his heightened arousal . 
 and it definitely was heightened . 
 his erection thrust out proudly , dark and thick . 
 her mouth watered at the sight , and a clenching need filled her belly . 
 he lifted her foot , pressing a kiss against the inside of her ankle . 
 his hair swirled around her toes , dragging up her leg as his kisses progressed along her calf . 
 as he moved , his hold became firmer , spreading her thighs wider with each hot , wet kiss . 
 adria stopped thinking and simply enjoyed letting him do as he pleased . 
 the heat of his skin blasted out of him in waves . 
 her whole body was trembling , and yet she could not find the ability to speak and tell him to hurry the hell up . 
 everything he did drove her higher , stretched her tighter , until she was sure she was brittle enough to shatter . 
 he gazed up at her from between her thighs , his eyes midnight purple , like his hair . 
 his long , black lashes were low , and color burned in his cheeks . 
 the contrast of his pale hands on her darker thighs only highlighted their differences . 
 his strength made her feel safe , and yet somehow gave her a dangerous thrill . 
 his determination warned her that he was going to get his way , and yet she could n't find the room to rebel at the notion . 
 he offered her another wicked smile and lowered his head . 
 he did n't just kiss her or lick her-he feasted on her , putting every ounce of his formidable power into tilting her world on its axis . 
 and then he did that thing with his tongue right against her clit . 
 she lit up with sensations too intense to be called pleasure . 
 it charged through her , taking control of her arms and legs . 
 her body arched up off the bed , and she grabbed his head in an effort to find some hold on reality . 
 it did no good . 
 she spun away in a vortex of toren 's creation , with no say over where she landed . 
 her orgasm hit fast and hard , giving her no room to breathe . 
 there was nothing she could do to slow it down or stave it off . 
 as sharp as the edge of a blade , the pleasure sliced through her , leaving her panting , filled with a languid weakness . 
 toren gave her no time to recover . 
 he slid up her body , filling her with one long , slow stroke . 
 little tremors fluttered along his c * ck as the aftermath of what he 'd done to her . 
 she felt him shudder with each one as his mouth moved over her throat and jaw . 
 low sounds of his restraint vibrated against her skin . 
 his hot breath made the hair plastered to her temples sway slightly . 
 again , whatever language he spoke spilled from him like music , and with each passing second , she could feel some kind of power gathering nearby to surround them . 
 the rest of the world was shut out . 
 unimportant . 
 all that mattered was the two of them entwined together . 
 he began to move , pulling from her only to fill her once again . 
 the storm of lust he 'd driven away only moments ago began to gather again . 
 this was n't the way it was supposed to be . 
 adria did n't react like this with men . 
 she did n't give herself over to them , or allow herself to be swept away by physical sensation . 
 that was fleeting and meaningless . 
 and yet what she shared with toren now felt anything but . 
 she barely knew him , but when he 'd touched her mind , she 'd felt him-felt his essence . 
 she 'd felt his love for his family , his devotion to justice , his determination to let nothing stand in his way of doing the right thing . 
 that same determination was flowing from him now . 
 in every heavy thrust , in every achingly sweet kiss , she felt a force driving him forward . 
 driving her higher . 
 heat from his skin built until she wondered how it did n't burn her . 
 in the back of her mind she knew that getting burned was inevitable . 
 she 'd grown too close to him and he could n't stay . 
 all she could do was enjoy the ride while it lasted . 
 chapter six toren could not possess this woman enough . 
 he was melded to her as close as a man could be , and yet he still wanted more . 
 the sweet , liquid clench of her body around him drove him wild . 
 like a beast , he moved within her , unable to slow down . 
 power radiated around him . 
 he could feel it shimmering in the air , gliding out of him despite his need to conserve what little magic he had left . 
 it was as though the magic controlled him-something he 'd been taught from childhood he should not allow . 
 and yet entwined with his adreeahbenwah , he could not hold it in . 
 she gripped his arms and pulled her legs high against his sides , giving him room to move as he chose . 
 each of his hard thrusts was absorbed by her soft flesh . 
 he marveled at that miracle for only a moment before the next clinging glide of skin on skin removed all thoughts from his mind . 
 he needed to claim her-to mark her in some way for all to see . 
 it was selfish for him to desire such a thing , but the urge was driving him on , loud and unyielding in its demands . 
 more power gathered below his skin , heating it further . 
 her voice rang out in a note of surprise and surrender as he sent her spiraling through yet another cli ** x . 
 the rippling flow of her delicate muscles tipped him over the edge . 
 he tried to hold back to give her more pleasure , but his own could not be stopped . 
 it burst down his spine and out of his body . 
 power roared through his limbs and gathered against his will . 
 it spilled from him , filling her clenching body in time with his release . 
 she gasped and arched beneath him , holding him as tight as her slender arms would allow . 
 slowly the storm eased , leaving them both limp and spent . 
 toren braced his weight on his arms , but could not bring himself to slide from her warmth . 
 he wanted to feel every last flutter of her pleasure . 
 his skin cooled . 
 all his heat was now pooled in her belly , along with whatever magic he had spent . 
 if he had his way , he would have stayed inside her all day , but he could sense her growing discomfort in the way her legs kept shifting slightly . 
 he eased from her and curled against her side . 
 his thigh settled over her legs , and his hand splayed over her stomach . 
 he could feel no lingering power within her . 
 whatever he 'd done , it was gone now-a mystery he would likely never solve . 
 she wiped her hair away from her damp face and turned to him . 
 `` you have a hell of a way of distracting a woman . '' 
 `` distracting ? 
 i meant only to bring us pleasure . '' 
 `` you definitely succeeded there . '' 
 he trailed his fingers over her skin , enjoying the flush of satisfaction he 'd given her . 
 `` once i eat , i will please you again . '' 
 `` oh , no you do n't . 
 you have work to do . '' 
 `` work ? '' 
 she sat up , looking at him with anxiety tightening her expression . 
 `` please tell me you remember . '' 
 toren searched his mind for the work she seemed so concerned about , but his efforts revealed nothing . 
 `` remember what ? '' 
 fear bloomed in her eyes , so plain he looked behind himself to see if some creature was there to attack . 
 `` tell me what you remember . '' 
 his mind was hazy , which he did n't think was right . 
 `` i remember you and me . 
 the feel of your skin on mine . 
 the scent of your hair . 
 the sound of your voice as i please you . 
 i remember watching you sleep . '' 
 she swallowed nervously . 
 `` is that all ? '' 
 `` what more is there ? '' 
 based on the way her shoulders slumped in defeat , he was certain he 'd somehow just failed her . 
 * * * adria could not let this happen . 
 she could not let toren forget everything that was important to him-especially not when she 'd selfishly wasted precious time by hav ** g s * x with him . 
 `` toren , '' she said , giving him a little shake . 
 `` you need to concentrate . 
 remember you want to go home ? '' 
 `` home ? 
 i am home when i look at you . '' 
 tears stung her eyes . 
 what she would n't have given to hear any other man say such sweet things to her . 
 as much as she cared for toren , as much as she would have jumped at the chance to be with him , he did n't belong here . 
 nothing she could do would ever change that . 
 if he stayed here , he 'd lose everything . 
 she could n't let that happen to him . 
 adria blinked back her tears and shook him harder . 
 `` stop it . 
 you need to finish that thing on the back porch . 
 i brought you more supplies . '' 
 he continued to stare at her blankly . 
 `` remember elina ? 
 remember the man who killed your sister ? '' 
 like flipping a switch , he seemed to come back to his senses . 
 anger hardened his jawline and flattened his mouth . 
 `` gyrnar . 
 he killed her . 
 i must get home and see him brought to justice . 
 i remember now . '' 
 relief tumbled through her . 
 `` thank god . 
 you need to stay focused on building your device , okay ? '' 
 he gave her a short , jerky nod . 
 `` it is nearly complete , though i am missing some crucial components . '' 
 `` i found some more things while i was out today . 
 and i got you some clothes . '' 
 maybe they would help her keep her hands to herself . 
 and even if they did n't help , she was going to be good . 
 no more selfishly letting him seduce her . 
 he 'd already given her more pleasure than all the other men she 'd known combined . 
 if that was n't enough for her , then she did n't deserve more . 
 * * * the fog at the edges of toren 's mind was creeping over his memories again . 
 he chanted elina 's name silently as he worked , hoping her memory would act as a talisman against obliterra 's power . 
 * * * adreeahbenwah brought him food , which he consumed as he worked . 
 the items she had found on her quest were molded into strange shapes , but he used more of his dwindling power to form them to fit the transportal device . 
 of course if he used all of his power , his memories would vanish , and no amount of effort was going to be enough to send him home . 
 he had to retain enough strength to activate the device . 
 darkness crept over the land , muting the vivid oranges and warm browns of the woods surrounding them . 
 it really was a lovely place-the perfect backdrop for his beautiful adreeahbenwah . 
 he was going to miss her once he was gone . 
 she was so generous and gentle . 
 he had sensed her inner turmoil when he had absorbed her language . 
 she had come here to rest and regain her strength . 
 to ponder her future and find a way free of the great loneliness and grief hovering over her . 
 this time was valuable in some way he could not understand . 
 all he knew was that once these few days of respite were over , she would lose the chance to shape her life into one that made her happy . 
 here he was , eating up that precious time , and she had not once complained . 
 instead she had thrown herself into his dilemma , generously giving of her time . 
 and her body . 
 the thought of what they had shared had the power to drive all other thoughts from toren 's mind . 
 the sweet sound of her voice , her yielding softness , the rippling cling of her body as she was fulfilled-all of that would haunt him until the end of his days . 
 he might not remember his home and real life while on obliterra , but once he was back on sorsca , every detail of his time here would blaze in his memory , as sharp and clear as it was now . 
 there would be no fading over time , or muting the feelings he had shared with her . 
 his mind would work as designed , holding every tiny detail in pristine condition for the rest of his days . 
 part of him wished he could forget her . 
 no one had ever made him feel as she did , and he feared that no one else ever would . 
 he glanced through the window and saw her preparing food in the kitchen . 
 the warm glow of her skin and her huge , dark eyes never ceased to delight him . 
 she had no idea how rare a beauty she was , which only added to her appeal . 
 the tight cling of her clothing displayed lush curves , reminding him all too keenly of how soft and pliant she was . 
 his hands ached to slide over her once more and feel the satin warmth of her skin . 
 focus . 
 he had to focus on elina . 
 but thoughts of elina were dark and painful . 
 the sight of his adreeahbenwah eased his pain and washed away his grief . 
 he could stare at her all day , watching her move through the kitchen , doing mystical things with her technology that ended in fragrant plates of food . 
 toren 's appetite had been overwhelming today , and without aid of his magic , he was helpless to provide for himself . 
 he had not wanted to request more of her than he already had , but she had known about his hunger without him speaking a word . 
 it was as if part of her was already tied to him even without any bindings or ceremony . 
 perhaps none was needed here . 
 maybe obliterra was not as empty of magic as his kind thought-they simply did not understand the magic that dwelt here . 
 adreeahbenwah was proof that magic existed in a place it should not . 
 the tool in his hands slipped free and clattered on the boards beneath his feet . 
 she looked up at him , offering him a sweet smile through the window . 
 the air in toren 's lungs stilled . 
 his entire body settled into a peaceful quiet as a stark realization set in . 
 he was beginning to love her . 
 without any kind of magic to speed the process or drive doubts away . 
 her goodness drew him in and cradled him close . 
 it filled him with a sense of contentment and peace every time he saw that she was happy . 
 the thought of not seeing her again stretched out like a desolate wasteland in front of him , bleak and scoured with loneliness . 
 he was not sure he could trek through that for the rest of his life . 
 or more accurately , he was not sure he wanted to . 
 but his obligations to his family and his homeland had to come before his own personal desires . 
 only he knew of grynar 's treachery and could prove his guilt . 
 once toren was back on sorsca , he would bring that proof before the council and force them to inflict justice upon his sister 's killer . 
 they would send grynar to obliterra for his crime , and he would live here , powerless and stripped of memories of his life for the rest of his days . 
 that thought gave toren pause . 
 what if grynar found adreeahbenwah or some other fragile human ? 
 if he was capable of killing his own gentle wife , then what evil would he do to those living here ? 
 toren was not a stranger to killing . 
 he had fought for his homeland countless times , defending it from invaders and predators . 
 ridding both sorsca and earth of grynar 's evil seemed the patriotic thing to do . 
 if killing grynar meant forfeiting toren 's life , then so be it . 
 elina 's murder would not go unanswered , nor would he allow grynar to hurt innocent humans . 
 adria pushed through the door with two plates in her hands . 
 one held some kind of smoky meat , and the other flat , breadlike discs . 
 she set them down on a nearby chair . 
 `` how goes the gadget ? '' 
 there were shadows beneath her eyes that had not been there when they had first met . 
 he wiped his hands on his pants and slid his thumb along one of her bruises . 
 `` what caused this shadow ? 
 are you ill ? '' 
 `` no , just tired . 
 do n't you guys get dark circles when you 're tired ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` our power will falter and our hair becomes still . '' 
 she gripped a lock of hair between her fingers . 
 it twirled its way around her hand and pulled her close . 
 `` i 'll never get used to that , '' she said . 
 `` you should rest if you are tired . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i 'm more worried about you getting this thing done in time . '' 
 `` it is nearly complete . '' 
 `` i feel like i 've found everything you need . 
 is that true ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 once the strands of copper you brought me are in place , the construction will be done . 
 all that is left is activation , which will require water and a growing thing . 
 we are surrounded by those . 
 i will pluck one from the soil when the time to leave arrives . '' 
 her body felt good pressed against his . 
 she fit his frame , molding to his contours so easily he could almost convince himself that she 'd been made for that purpose alone . 
 his device was nearly done . 
 if his work was true , then a doorway home would open and he would walk through it . 
 never to see adreeahbenwah again . 
 she stared up at him , her dark eyes tugging at him . 
 he tried to remind himself that the depth of the color was natural for her and had nothing to do with desire . 
 still , there was some instinct within him that rose up in answer to a perceived need , just as it would with a mate he had claimed as his own . 
 `` you should eat while the food is still warm , '' she said . 
 he was more hungry for her than he was for food . 
 only the knowledge that she had worked to provide for him drove him to accept her offer . 
 toren released her and carried the food inside to where the chill would not reach her . 
 he sat on the floor near the fire . 
 she did not join him , but perched on the edge of the couch , her body tense , her expression uncertain . 
 `` when will you leave ? '' 
 she asked . 
 there was an odd quality to her voice-a false brightness she used to cover something deeper . 
 `` after we eat . '' 
 she descended into silence , toying with her food , but never bringing any to her lips . 
 `` are you not hungry ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` not really . '' 
 her voice shook , but she cleared her throat before continuing in a stronger tone . 
 `` i 'll go get that water you need and meet you outside . 
 the sooner you go home , the better , right ? '' 
 she did not wait for his response before she hurried away . 
 adreeahbenwah was right . 
 the sooner he returned home , the better it was for his family . 
 there was no reason to postpone the inevitable . 
 leaving her would only become more painful the longer he stayed . 
 toren found her staring out at the dark lake behind the cabin . 
 the sun had set , and beautiful , rich reds and oranges in the sky cast a warm shimmer over the water . 
 he wanted to touch her , but that act would have been selfish-meant to appease his need to feel her skin under his hand one more time . 
 instead , he went into the surrounding land and found a small , newly sprouted plant . 
 not much was growing as winter approached , but this single green spike seemed determined to make an appearance . 
 he set the little growing thing , roots and all , inside the wooden bowl at the top of his structure . 
 it was not nearly as elegant as his mother 's work , but he felt the power inherent in its form . 
 while he was better in battle , as his father had been , he hoped that some of his mother 's skill with building had flowed into him . 
 adreeahbenwah watched as he poured water into the center bowl . 
 if his design worked , then the water would spin the blades he had formed from the thin sheets of metal , sparking the device to activate and open a rift to his world . 
 `` stand back , '' he said , looking at her one last time . 
 her dark eyes were dry , her spine straight . 
 the soft line of her lips was pressed tight as if to keep herself from speaking . 
 he did not want to leave her . 
 even considering such a thing was painful . 
 which could only mean one thing : toren had grown to love her . 
 he felt the power of that knowledge flow though him , shaking him all the way to his foundation . 
 loving a human should have been impossible . 
 she lacked the magic to tie her to him . 
 but she did not lack the power . 
 whatever adreeahbenwah lacked , she was far stronger than he could have imagined . 
 even hindered by her home world , she still managed to weave herself into his being , binding them together . 
 he had n't felt it happen . 
 he had n't even realized it was possible . 
 but she was there , lingering within him , as strong and steady and as much a part of him as the beat of his own heart . 
 he wanted to bring her home with him and fit her into his life the way she fit so perfectly against his body . 
 but that could not be . 
 she was too fragile to survive in his world . 
 without magic , she would be in constant peril . 
 she would be an outcast . 
 helpless . 
 he 'd touched her mind deeply enough to know how much that would upset her . 
 his adreeahbenwah was too independent to ever want to lean on another for survival . 
 doing so would destroy something precious inside of her . 
 toren could not do that to her . 
 he would rather suffer through his loneliness for her and know she was alive and well on obliterra , than to sentence her to pain , fear and death on his world . 
 he would take with him his memories of her , and hope that the pleasure they shared would lie warm in her thoughts-that she would remember him from time to time . 
 once he was gone , at least she would finally find the rest and peace she so desperately needed . 
 she would go back to her life as he would go back to his . 
 it was the only way . 
 toren accepted that even as it tore him apart from within . 
 the device began to spin and shake . 
 he felt power accumulating , as if drawing in a deep breath . 
 `` be well , '' he said . 
 there was more he wanted to say , but he held the words back , knowing they would only cause her pain . 
 his love for her was not a gift he could give her-it was a burden , another weight of grief he would put on her slender shoulders . 
 instead , he held in his feelings , content to take them with him as a secret , silent part of him . 
 the blades spun faster . 
 the shaking increased until the wooden boards beneath his feet trembled with power . 
 sparks of light radiated out from the core , making the silver sigil glow bright . 
 toren held his breath . 
 a searing line of light began to split the air-the beginnings of a rift . 
 he saw a brief flicker of his world-of the bloodstained floor where elina 's body had lain . 
 the narrow portal widened , revealing a sliver of grynar 's surprised expression as he walked through his home . 
 his device was working . 
 excitement and the thrill of battle bubbled beneath toren 's skin . 
 he had no weapons on him , but he would not need them to defeat grynar-not with so much grief and determination to fuel his strength . 
 his hands closed to fists and he tucked his chin down to charge the moment the doorway was wide enough for his shoulders to pass . 
 and then the water flowing out of the holes he 'd carved into the wooden bowl ran out . 
 the blades slowed . 
 the line of light shivered and winked out , cutting off all signs of sorsca . 
 his device had failed . 
 disappointment and frustration dragged a rough growl from his chest . 
 the urge to slam his fists into the device made his muscles clench , but he held back . 
 he did not want her to witness such a childish torrent of emotion . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 asked adreeahbenwah . 
 `` your world has no power . 
 that is what happened . '' 
 `` would a bigger bowl help ? '' 
 `` no . 
 the bowl was not the failure . 
 the design was true , but there is no way to draw power from a place where none grows . 
 your sun barely has even a trickle . 
 obliterra is a magical wasteland . '' 
 `` but you got close , right ? '' 
 `` close , but not nearly close enough . '' 
 she laid her delicate hand on his arm , and all his anger simply trickled away . 
 he could not be angry when she was so near-he could not take a chance that his anger would touch her in any way . 
 `` what about the sun ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` you said our sun has some power , right ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 a small trace . '' 
 `` can you try again when the sun comes up ? 
 maybe it will be enough to make a difference . '' 
 adreeahbenwah was right . 
 he did feel more power under her sun . 
 the device had nearly worked . 
 perhaps even a trickle of magic would be enough to allow the rift to complete . 
 `` you may be right . 
 we will try again in the morning . 
 i will force my way through the rift if there is any chance i may fit . '' 
 `` what happens if you do n't fit ? '' 
 he considered lying to her , but tossed the notion away as a betrayal . 
 `` i could fail utterly and i would be forced to stay here . 
 or i may be killed . '' 
 she bolted to her feet , a look of fear and outrage painting her sweet face . 
 `` killed ? 
 you never said anything about this being dangerous . '' 
 `` there is danger in all things , adreeahbenwah . 
 the danger of staying here , losing my family and letting my sister 's killer go free is worth the risk of my life . '' 
 she bowed her head and turned from him . 
 even without seeing her face , he could feel a deep sadness radiating out from her . 
 it shivered through her spine and shook her narrow shoulders . 
 toren went to her . 
 he ached to see her smile again-to know she was happy . 
 he had caused her pain , and while he was unsure of how he had done it , he wanted to punish himself for the error . 
 he gently turned her around to find liquid trembling in her eyes . 
 `` tell me what i did to injure you . 
 i do not understand . '' 
 `` you act like it 's no big deal to risk your life . 
 well , i happen to think it 's a pretty f ** king big deal . 
 how will i even know if you made it home safely ? 
 it 's not like you can just pick up the phone or send an email telling me you 're okay . '' 
 she was worried for him . 
 she would not have been worried for him if she cared nothing for him . 
 this sadness-these tears-were proof of her feelings for him . 
 and while he hated her suffering , a small , fluttering joy began to take flight within him . 
 toren cradled her face in his hands . 
 `` i will be safe . 
 you and i are connected enough now that you will know this to be true . '' 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 `` i touched your thoughts . 
 i connected myself to you in both mind and body . 
 part of me dwells within you , just as part of you is now within me . 
 you will know if i die . 
 you will not have to question my safety . '' 
 `` oh , great , '' she said , though her tone belied the words . 
 `` so now i get to be connected to a man i will never see again ? 
 is n't it bad enough that you made me care about you ? 
 do you have to make things worse by doing some magical mojo that will keep me from moving on with my life ? '' 
 toren had not thought of it that way . 
 `` i have done nothing to you , adreeahbenwah . 
 our connection simply happened . '' 
 `` well , however it happened , you can make it unhappen , right ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i am sorry . 
 that is power beyond my ability , even if i were at full strength on my own home world . '' 
 perhaps his mother was strong enough , but she was utterly out of reach and unable to help . 
 adreeahbenwah stared up at him , a mixture of anger and grief shining in her eyes . 
 `` i do n't want to feel this way about you . '' 
 `` what way ? '' 
 he asked before he could stop the question from flowing out of his mouth . 
 it was selfish of him to push her , to demand more from her , but he had to hear the words . 
 he had to know if he was floundering alone in this sea of emotion . 
 `` like i 'm missing something when you 're not by my side . 
 i went shopping for three hours and missed you the whole time . 
 i 'm not needy , toren . 
 i do n't like being made to feel that way . 
 especially if it 's artificial . '' 
 `` not that , love . 
 nothing between us has been false . 
 had we been in my world , i would have been able to control the pace . 
 we would never have progressed past a point that we did not both want . '' 
 `` but we 're not on your world . 
 we 're on mine . 
 and my life is already a huge mess . 
 my job consumes most of my time , and while i 'm good at it , it 's not what i want as the center of my universe . 
 i never date . 
 i 'm afraid to even look at a man for fear of losing him the way i did william . '' 
 `` is that the man you lost-the one for whom you still grieve ? '' 
 she nodded , her throat working as she struggled to find her voice . 
 `` my husband . 
 he died . 
 i do n't want to love another man the way i did him . 
 it 's too much of a risk . '' 
 `` any man would be fortunate to accept whatever love you are willing to give . '' 
 toren would take even the smallest sliver and consider himself lucky . 
 `` you just do n't get it , do you ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 `` i do n't want just any man . 
 i want you , but like william , you 're leaving , too . '' 
 the grief in her voice left him aching for her . 
 he shared her desire to remain at her side , but that was not part of his future . 
 family , duty and justice all had to come before his own personal feelings . 
 the people he loved would not survive without such discipline . 
 toren wanted to hold her close and offer what little comfort he could , but she shoved away from him and stood . 
 her fists were balled , her chest rising and falling too fast . 
 `` do n't touch me . 
 the more you do , the worse it will be . '' 
 he could not leave her like this-not while she was angry and upset . 
 `` please . 
 let me hold you , ease you . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 tears hovered in her eyes . 
 `` there 's nothing you can do . '' 
 she was n't thinking clearly . 
 grief seethed within her , so palpable toren could feel it even at a distance . 
 the thought of adding to that grief by leaving tore him apart and left him shredded . 
 but he could not stay . 
 his duty had to come before the grief of one single human woman-no matter how much that woman meant to him . 
 if he stayed , he would forget his obligations and be happy , but he would do so at the expense of his parents and siblings . 
 a vile killer would roam free to strike at the heart of another family , to lie and unjustly punish others for his own crimes . 
 that was something toren could not allow . 
 his presence here was upsetting her . 
 he could not yet leave , but he could not stay here and make her suffering worse . 
 it was better to go out into the wilderness surrounding this place and cut his ties to her now . 
 before he no longer could . 
 chapter seven toren had been gone for hours . 
 the cabin seemed empty without him . 
 or maybe it was just adria that felt empty . 
 she paced the braided rug in front of the fireplace , struggling to find some sense of calm . 
 he 'd said he 'd be safe . 
 he 'd said that he could protect himself against any wild animals that might happen by . 
 his world was a dangerous place , and it was his job to ensure the safety of its inhabitants . 
 the way he 'd said it told her that he knew his way around a dangerous situation-not that there was all that much out there to be afraid of . 
 she 'd given him her favorite comforter from home to keep him warm . 
 he did n't seem concerned about the cold , but she could n't stop thinking about him out there alone , shivering . 
 a chilly rain began to fall , and adria 's fears gathered until they sat frigid and hard like ice in her stomach . 
 it was well past midnight , but she could n't sleep . 
 agitation grated along her insides , chafing her raw . 
 what if he forgot again ? 
 what if he wandered off and got lost ? 
 would he even remember to come back here ? 
 would he remember that he needed to go home ? 
 what if he simply fell and hit his head ? 
 what if he died ? 
 the thought sent her into a flurry of motion . 
 she could no longer hang around here and torture herself . 
 she had to know he was okay . 
 whatever connection they had was not nearly enough to reassure her that he was safe . 
 she had n't thought to bring a raincoat , and an umbrella would get tangled once she was in the trees , so she slit a trash bag open and draped it over her head and shoulders . 
 the solid weight of her flashlight brought her comfort , its trusty beam cutting through the darkness with ease . 
 thunder growled in the distance . 
 wet branches slapped against her cheeks . 
 she waited for a break in the rumblings before calling out toren 's name . 
 she did n't go far into the trees . 
 she was n't that stupid . 
 she kept the lights of the cabin or the lake in sight as she made a large circle around the area . 
 her voice was growing rough from the strain of yelling . 
 despite the plastic bag , she was soaked from her feet to her thighs . 
 her face was nearly numb from the cold , and her hands were frozen into claws around the bag and the flashlight . 
 `` toren ! '' 
 she yelled again , her voice losing its strength . 
 `` adreeahbenwah ? '' 
 his deep , questioning tone cut through the thunder , sounding as sweet as church bells . 
 she turned and saw him crouched under the low limbs of an evergreen . 
 his eyes glowed pale blue within the shadows . 
 he rose with slow , powerful grace , moving toward her . 
 relief swept through her , making her spine feel limp . 
 he was n't dead . 
 he was n't even injured . 
 he was safe and whole . 
 she did n't know how she was going to stand the fear of not knowing his fate once he left . 
 if a few hours of not knowing made her feel like she was being torn apart , she would never survive the rest of her life not knowing if he was safe and happy-even if she did know he was alive . 
 he leaned over her , his hair stretching out to shield her from the blowing rain . 
 `` you should not be out here . '' 
 `` neither should you . 
 i was worried . '' 
 `` i told you i would be fine . '' 
 `` what if you forget again ? '' 
 `` i will not . 
 i have been concentrating as you instructed . 
 a string of constant reminders flow through my thoughts so i will not lose hold of it . 
 elina 's memory burns bright within me . '' 
 until now . 
 she 'd interrupted him all because she was too selfish to sit around and wonder if he was okay . 
 what if he lost hold of his concentration because she was needy enough to force herself back into his presence ? 
 the wet chill sank into her bones . 
 a shiver gripped her body , shaking it hard before it let go . 
 his brow creased , but in this light she could n't tell if it was anger or concern . 
 `` you are cold . '' 
 `` i 'm okay . 
 i 'll go back in and warm up by the fire . '' 
 she wanted to ask him to come with her , but he 'd made his decision to go the rest of the way alone . 
 she cared enough about him to respect that , no matter how much it hurt to walk away . 
 adria cupped his face , soaking in the sight of him . 
 `` good night . 
 stay safe . 
 remember elina . '' 
 she turned slowly , giving him every chance to stop her . 
 he did n't . 
 he stood silently behind her , letting her go . 
 walking away from him was a harsh punishment for her selfishness . 
 every step was harder than the last . 
 she trudged through the mud , her shoes squishing with chilly water . 
 her clammy jeans clung to her legs , dragging against her chafed skin . 
 her fingers ached around the flashlight . 
 she did n't dare turn around and look back , even after she was well out of sight . 
 if she did , she worried she 'd rush back like some lovesick schoolgirl and beg him to stay . 
 toren was leaving . 
 for good . 
 the same way william had left . 
 now was as good a time as any to get used to being alone again . 
 she would leave before dawn and make sure she did n't have to face him again . 
 no more good-byes . 
 with one last peek over her shoulder , and with only the empty crater looking back at her , adria slipped back into the cabin . 
 a man stood in the kitchen , his pale bluish face twisted with anger . 
 harsh words she did n't understand were propelled from his cruel lips , stabbing her ears . 
 `` toren , '' was the only word she caught as he stalked toward her . 
 his black hair fanned out around his head like a wild mane . 
 he wore only a scrap of leather to hide his groin , and in his fist was a wicked , black blade , gleaming with evil intent . 
 she 'd seen that blade before , in toren 's memories , only then it had been dripping with purple blood . 
 adria backed up , accidentally shutting the door behind her , trapping herself in with the man . 
 he grabbed her by the hair and slammed her head into the solid wood . 
 a mewl of surprise and pain squeaked from her raw throat , too low and quiet for anyone to hear . 
 she felt a heavy sucking sensation flow through her mind as he pulled something from her . 
 she tried to lash out with her hands and feet , but it was like kicking a monolith . 
 he did n't even flinch . 
 his red eyes brightened , boring into her . 
 a sick smile of malicious intent curled his mouth . 
 `` i have found him , '' he said in halting english . 
 `` you have served your purpose . '' 
 a heartbeat later , adria 's body was hurtling across the room . 
 she saw the stone of the fireplace careening toward her , felt a jolting impact , and then ... nothing . 
 * * * toren felt adreeahbenwah 's fear and pain as keenly as if it were his own . 
 she 'd been unhappy and worried-that had eaten at him and made him fight the urge to go and ease her-but this was different . 
 something terrible had happened . 
 panic tore at him , shocking to life the dark and dangerous part of himself that he kept contained outside of battle . 
 he charged through the trees , the wet branches biting at his skin . 
 his power tingled in his fingertips , begging to be put to use . 
 there was some reason he was n't supposed to summon his power , but as he crashed through the forest , he could not think of a single reason why he should not incinerate whatever-whoever-had caused his sweet adreeahbenwah 's pain . 
 as he neared the cabin , he began to feel a familiar presence . 
 it was darker than he remembered , with streaks of malevolence tainting its surface . 
 one of his kind . 
 masculine . 
 deadly . 
 grynar , the beast who had killed elina . 
 and now he was alone with adria . 
 a roar of defiance erupted from toren 's chest , dragging with it an edge of power . 
 it blasted against the cabin 's door , shattering it to splinters . 
 through the golden opening , he saw grynar standing over adria 's body . 
 she was crumpled on the floor , bright red blood leaking from her head . 
 a sinister black thalac blade was gripped in grynar 's fist , poised to strike through his adreeahbenwah 's delicate skin . 
 rage , so dark and bleak it felt like the shell of a burned-out home , took over toren 's body , launching him at the man who 'd killed his sister . 
 he had no weapon , but his power rose to his call , seething with eager anticipation . 
 a bolt of black desolation shot toward grynar , singeing away the flesh along his shoulder . 
 grynar screamed in pain . 
 he left adria where she lay , and stalked toward toren . 
 there was little magic left within him . 
 he had no weapons . 
 grynar was a skilled warrior . 
 but there was one thing he did not possess-one power he would never have at his call : love . 
 toren summoned his love for his sister , his family and his adreeahbenwah . 
 he let that power buoy him up and fill him with strength . 
 it was for them that he would defeat this monster-for them he would rid the universe of the soulless creature standing before him . 
 with the utter confidence of a man who knew the future , toren stood there and waited for grynar to charge . 
 `` why do you wait ? '' 
 demanded grynar . 
 `` come and fight me . '' 
 toren said nothing . 
 he simply watched as the anger and hatred chewed on the other man , eating him alive from the inside out . 
 `` shall i gut the whore the same way i gutted elina ? '' 
 toren let the taunt slide over him , letting not a single flicker of emotion alter his calm expression . 
 he backed up , moving outside so that there was no chance of adria getting hurt again . 
 `` coward ! 
 i saw your failed attempt to come home . 
 i thought you would want to fight me as a man , but now you run from me like a child . '' 
 toren said nothing . 
 he merely waited for grynar 's anger to defeat him . 
 `` you thought you could come home and avenge elina , did you not ? 
 you thought i deserved to die for what i did . 
 but it was her fault . 
 she provoked me . 
 i warned her to stop , but she was always too unruly , too disobedient . '' 
 words burned toren 's throat . 
 he wanted to shout that elina had done nothing to deserve her fate , but there was no point in wasting his breath . 
 grynar was twisted and rotted to the bone . 
 there was no reasoning with a man like that . 
 finally , in the face of toren 's silence , grynar 's rage took control . 
 he tucked his chin low , lifted the thalac blade and charged through the doorway into the rain . 
 toren had the advantage of shadows . 
 he swept his shirt off , and as grynar closed to melee , toren twisted the wet fabric around the blade to divert it from his heart . 
 the soggy shirt clung to itself , caging the sword that had killed his sister . 
 from there , the course of the battle changed fast . 
 toren now had control of grynar 's arm , because his hatred would not allow him to let go of the weapon . 
 toren twisted the other man 's arm until the bone snapped and he screamed in pain . 
 that sound washed over toren , leaving him unaffected . 
 he found no joy in it , no satisfaction . 
 it was merely an indicator of success-one toren was going to hear again . 
 grynar wrapped his massive hand around toren 's throat , squeezing hard enough to cut off his air . 
 a flutter of fear rose up for a split second . 
 and then he caught sight of adreeahbenwah lying motionless on the floor , and the wisp of fear evaporated . 
 grynar was going to die , because it was the only way toren could reach his sweet adreeahbenwah 's side . 
 he found the gaping hole he had blown in the other man 's arm and shoved his thumb into the wound . 
 a torrent of purple blood flowed over toren 's hand . 
 grynar screamed again , only this time it was as much fear as pain coloring his voice . 
 the fabric-covered blade wobbled in grynar 's grip . 
 toren wrenched it away , hearing broken bones grating against each other . 
 grynar tightened the hand on toren 's throat , but it was not going to be enough to alter the course of events . 
 toren reversed the thalac blade that had tasted the blood of his beloved sister and shoved it through grynar 's diseased heart . 
 grynar 's eyes widened in shock . 
 his grip on toren 's neck went slack . 
 slowly , he lost his strength and began to crumple to the ground . 
 toren stepped back and let him fall , feeling nothing but a sense of completion . 
 no victory . 
 no triumph . 
 only the vague satisfaction of having finished a job left undone for too long . 
 he kicked grynar into the crater as the man died . 
 then toren turned and walked away , letting all thoughts of the other man fade from his mind . 
 the only thing that mattered now was his fragile adreeahbenwah . 
 toren hurried back into the cabin and fell to her side , gathering her up in his arms . 
 red blood stained her face and neck . 
 she felt so small and delicate . 
 her head lolled limply over his arm , and the warmth had fled her skin . 
 the gash on her head was deep . 
 he could see bone beneath her gaping skin . 
 already a lump had formed , helping stem the steady flow of blood , but not stopping it . 
 he pressed his hand to her heart , searching for its reassuring beat . 
 it was there , but so faint he was not sure how long it would keep going . 
 he did not know enough about human medicine to save her . 
 all he had at his disposal was the last few sparks of power within him . 
 if he spent them , all memories of his home and family would be obliterated . 
 there would be no going home . 
 he would not even remember he had a home to which he should go . 
 amazingly , the decision was an easy one . 
 he loved adria . 
 her life was more important than his memories . 
 now that grynar was dead , his family was safe . 
 elina was avenged . 
 for the very last time , toren summoned his power . 
 it flowed easily into his sweet adreeahbenwah , as if it wanted to be a part of her . 
 the gash on her head closed shut . 
 the swelling shrank until there were no signs of it . 
 even the bruises along her skin faded . 
 her fathomless , dark eyes opened . 
 something inside his mind shifted as if a door had been sealed and locked . 
 it did not matter . 
 whatever it was , it was not nearly as important as the woman in his arms opening her eyes . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he paused , unsure . 
 `` you were hurt . 
 you are better now , yes ? '' 
 she nodded and reached for her head . 
 her fingers came away wet with blood . 
 `` i closed your wound . 
 we will wash the blood away and you will feel well . '' 
 `` i feel fine now . 
 who was that man ? '' 
 `` what man ? '' 
 asked toren , feeling as though he should know what she meant . 
 `` the one who threw me into the fireplace . '' 
 he brushed her hair away from her forehead . 
 she needed to wash away the blood before it dried and caked in her soft hair . 
 `` he is gone now , '' said toren , feeling the truth of his words , even though he was n't sure how he knew . 
 `` you are safe . '' 
 toren carried her into the bathroom and made water flow through the overhead spigot . 
 once it was warm enough , he stripped adria of her clothes and helped her climb under the spray . 
 his own clothes fell to the floor in a squishy pile , covered in two colors of blood . 
 the sight tugged at his mind , but nothing could tear his attention away from the beauty standing before him . 
 she was silent and shaking , barely able to hold the soap . 
 he took it from her and cleaned away all signs of blood , both red and purple . 
 once she was warm and clean , he tucked her into bed and crawled in beside her . 
 `` it 's almost dawn , '' she said , as if that were supposed to mean something to him . 
 `` you should rest . '' 
 `` i thought you wanted to be alone tonight . '' 
 `` why would i want that when i can be by your side ? '' 
 `` you do n't remember , do you ? '' 
 she asked , tears shining in her eyes . 
 she looked so troubled , he had to find a way to reassure her . 
 `` i remember everything that is important . 
 i remember that i love you . '' 
 adreeahbenwah 's eyes shut , squeezing out glittering tears . 
 `` i love you , too . 
 and that 's why i will remember for you . '' 
 he did n't know what that meant , but it mattered little . 
 once she rested she would feel better . 
 all this talk of remembering would go away and he would make her smile again . 
 seeing her smile was the only thing that truly mattered . 
 * * * there was only an hour before sunrise , and adria was going to use that to collect as many memories of toren as she could . 
 once he was gone , she would grieve for him , but for now , he was here . 
 he was hers . 
 and he loved her . 
 she had n't realized how much that would mean to her until he 'd said the words . 
 it made letting go of him harder and easier all at the same time . 
 she was going to miss him , but she could take comfort in the knowledge that he was happy and safe at home , where he belonged . 
 adria wiped away her tears and rolled on top of toren . 
 his hands stroked down her back , leaving a path of warmth trailing behind them . 
 she leaned down and kissed him , refusing to think of the future . 
 for now , there was only the feel of his hard body beneath hers and the soft brush of his lips . 
 the kiss was flavored with new love , so sweet and full of hope it nearly broke her heart . 
 each touch of his hand shimmered through her , giving her the strength she needed to get through what she knew she had to do . 
 his body answered to her need , hardening and warming in a way that stole her breath . 
 he kissed her head where her injury had once been . 
 his lips moved over her temple , trailing down until he was suckling her br ** sts with such sweet pressure she thought she 'd collapse in on herself . 
 her fingers memorized the hot planes of his body-the shadowed valleys and hard ridges . 
 she kissed and licked and nibbled wherever she could reach , tucking away the wild taste of his skin within her fondest memories . 
 he rolled her beneath him and entered her in a series of slow , gentle tugs of moist flesh on flesh . 
 they fit together like perfection , gliding as one , letting the pleasure build until it was glowing hot and vibrant between them . 
 toren 's body tensed around her , cradling her close as he came . 
 the sound of his release , the feel of it pulsing within her sent her flying into shards of light and color . 
 slowly , she settled back to earth like so much confetti , glistening and spent . 
 the sun was peeking in through the window , warning her that their time was now at an end . 
 thinking about what was next would only slow her down , so she shoved her grief and sadness aside and thought only of the task at hand . 
 she waited until toren 's breathing had evened out before drawing him from the bed . 
 a false smile stretched her mouth , feeling like a cheap lie . 
 `` come with me . 
 i have something i want to show you . '' 
 the smile he offered her in return was genuine , making the blue rings in his eyes expand and sparkle . 
 `` anything for you , my love . '' 
 she swallowed back her tears , turning away so that he would n't see a trace of them on her face . 
 his future was firmly in her hands , and if he suspected that what she was going to do would hurt her , she feared he would stay . 
 and if she let him stay , it would be the same as murdering the man he 'd been-stealing from him those he loved . 
 clothes grated against her skin as she dressed . 
 she watched him move , following her lead like a child eager for a present . 
 she kept telling herself that this was n't a betrayal . 
 this was the right thing to do . 
 once her clothes were on , she felt more in control , stronger . 
 she was doing this for the man she loved , and because of that , she would not be deterred . 
 she led him onto the back porch where his device sat in near completion . 
 he stared at it , frowning as if it struck some kind of chord . 
 maybe he remembered more than she 'd thought . 
 `` do you know what this is ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it is pretty . 
 did you make it ? '' 
 `` sort of . 
 i helped . 
 it 's only missing one piece . 
 stay here while i get it ? '' 
 he watched her as she darted down the steps and began poking around the fallen leaves for something she could use . 
 there , near the base of a tree , she found a single blade of new grass trying to survive the cold . 
 her mind lit up with recognition as she spied it , knowing it was the right thing to send him home . 
 she dug around the grass with her fingers , pulling it up with a little ball of dirt and roots still attached . 
 she cradled the shivering blade of grass in her palm , protecting it from the wind . 
 `` what is that for ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` it 's the last piece . '' 
 she placed the grass in the bowl at the top of the sculpture . 
 sunlight bounced off aluminum foil , copper and silver and a variety of other items she 'd collected for him . 
 `` stand right here , '' she told him . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` it 's a surprise . '' 
 she poured water from a pitcher into the bowl . 
 it tipped the grass on its side and ran out through the holes toren had cut into the bottom of the wooden bowl . 
 rivulets of sunlit water cascaded down along the aluminum ribs , making them spin as it passed . 
 their motion sped until the blazing glare of sunlight bouncing off of them looked like a continuous streak of silver . 
 a subtle rumble shook the boards beneath her feet . 
 `` what is happening ? '' 
 asked toren , sounding confused . 
 `` everything is fine , '' she shouted over the growing rumble . 
 the symbol he 'd formed from her earrings began to glow the same color as the heart of a flame . 
 blue light poured out over toren 's body , instantly returning his pale skin tone to what it had been the night she 'd met him . 
 until now , she had n't realized just how much his appearance had changed-how human he had begun to look . 
 his jaw clenched , and a low groan of pain rose up over the noise of the device . 
 he turned his head enough to look at her , and the moment he did , she saw recognition light his eyes . 
 he knew who he was again . 
 he remembered . 
 she could n't hear him speak , but she saw him mouth the words , `` thank you , adreeahbenwah . '' 
 the line of light widened out , consuming his body . 
 adria instinctively lifted her hand to cover her eyes from the glare . 
 it heated her skin and tingled across her nerves , as though she 'd been standing too close to the strike of a lightning bolt . 
 and then the light was gone . 
 it winked out and the world went quiet and still . 
 even though she 'd prepared herself , seeing the empty spot where toren had just been standing was a crushing blow . 
 he was gone . 
 utterly gone . 
 no phone , no mail , no way to ever see him or speak to him again . 
 just like william . 
 she stood there for a long time , letting the tears fall . 
 wind sucked the warmth from her until she was shivering uncontrollably . 
 like a brainless zombie , she shambled into the cabin and collapsed in front of the fire . 
 the heat warmed her skin , but did nothing to penetrate the icy core that had solidified inside of her . 
 toren was gone , and she was n't sure if she 'd ever be warm again without him . 
 chapter eight when spring came , adria took another vacation , much to the surprise of everyone who worked for her . 
 no more selling her vacation back to the company . 
 no more letting work consume her life . 
 she had better things to do with her time than spend it in the office . 
 she 'd spent the days after toren left reshaping herself and her world . 
 grieving-for both of the men that she 'd loved and lost . 
 days spent filling in the crater , and nights spent crying and screaming had left her exhausted , but somehow cleansed . 
 she 'd left that little cabin feeling stronger than she had in a long time . 
 the ragged holes that grief had dug into her had finally healed over , and now every day was a gift she was determined to enjoy . 
 she pulled up in front of the cabin where she 'd finally found peace . 
 the crater in the front yard that had become grynar 's grave had been completely filled and reseeded . 
 mr. corey had believed her lie that a bolt of lightning had done the damage she was unable to repair with the shovel and rake she 'd found in the shed . 
 the lawn was perfect and green-even greener than the grass surrounding the patch . 
 that 's the way she felt inside-as though the healing she 'd done had left her improved in some small way . 
 the scars that were left behind were not ugly and blighted , but reminders that some people were gifts meant to be cherished for as long as they were in her life . 
 she had returned to her life a stronger person , and in exchange for all of her suffering , toren had given her the most precious gift of all . 
 she would make sure that their son knew about his father and everything he 'd sacrificed for the sake of justice and the safety of his family . 
 adria grabbed her bags from the trunk of her car , and waddled up the stairs to start her two weeks of relaxation . 
 being here brought back memories , but instead of making her sad , they lifted her up and filled her with the love that had sprouted in this place . 
 she pushed the front door open and saw toren standing in front of a roaring fire , his feet braced apart , looking larger than life . 
 she closed her eyes , fully expecting her hallucination to be gone when she opened them again . 
 he was n't . 
 `` i knew you would come back . '' 
 his voice sounded real enough-deep and musical , just like she remembered . 
 adria could barely find enough air to speak . 
 `` toren ? 
 is it really you ? '' 
 `` yes , adreeahbenwah . 
 i did not know how to find you , so i waited here for many days . 
 the owner of this home found me and ordered me to leave . 
 but when i told him of my love for you , and gave him diamonds for his help in finding you , he said you would come soon , and that i should wait here . '' 
 diamonds ? 
 no wonder mr. corey had offered her a free week 's stay out of the blue . 
 she dropped her bags and launched herself at toren , realizing too late that if he was only in her imagination , she was going to end up slamming into that stone fireplace again . 
 strong arms caught her and lifted her up . 
 the solid heat of his body felt like coming home . 
 his wild scent filled her head , bringing back a rush of bittersweet memories . 
 she kissed him like it was the last time she 'd ever have the chance . 
 joy filled her up , threatening to make her burst as it buoyed her . 
 he held her to earth , his questing grip so strong and solid , she could almost fool herself that he 'd never let her go . 
 toren broke their kiss and pressed his forehead to hers . 
 his hands found her firm , swollen belly under the loose sweater she wore . 
 his eyes went wide with surprise and he pulled back . 
 he shoved her sweater up , and fell to his knees , as if looking for some hidden trick . 
 when he saw that the baby bump was one hundred percent real , he stared up at her , his mouth gaping and speechless . 
 `` i know . 
 believe me . 
 i was as shocked as you . 
 i guess the pill does n't work so well against magical sex . '' 
 `` a child ? '' 
 he asked , his voice low and reverent . 
 `` our child ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` but we did not plan for this . '' 
 he sounded more confused than anything , which made her wonder how he felt about the idea of being a father . 
 she 'd made all the decisions on her own , assuming that 's the way it had to be . 
 she 'd never once considered what he might want . 
 `` nope , no plan , but sometimes the best things happen by surprise , do n't you think ? '' 
 his face split on a proud , happy grin . 
 as he palmed her belly , his hand began to heat . 
 `` this is proof that obliterra is not completely devoid of magic . 
 it grows within you even now . '' 
 relief made her eyes burn with tears . 
 she 'd never thought he 'd even know that he was a father , much less that he 'd find such obvious joy in the idea . 
 heaven knew she 'd been through a wide range of emotions after she 'd found out she was pregnant . 
 it had shocked her , and taken her days to believe that she was n't just dreaming . 
 a child had n't been part of her plans , but like toren , she 'd grown to love their son within hours of knowing he existed . 
 seeing the look on toren 's face , she knew he would , too . 
 `` i thought i 'd never see you again , '' she told him . 
 `` i could not stay away . 
 i scoured sorsca for a way to come back , but it took some time . '' 
 `` how long can you stay ? '' 
 she asked , knowing it could n't be long-not without risking his memories . 
 but she would be grateful for whatever time she could get with him and count herself blessed . 
 `` i do n't want to waste a second . '' 
 his eyes shifted from pale blue to deep purple . 
 he stood and held up his hand , and on it was a ring gleaming with three crystals that seemed to glow from the inside . 
 `` a gift from my mother once she heard of you . '' 
 `` a gift ? '' 
 he hesitated as though searching for the right words . 
 `` she is skilled in such things . 
 she intended it to be our wedding gift . '' 
 adria was n't sure she heard him right . 
 `` our wedding ... ? '' 
 `` if you will have me . 
 the ring allows me to stay here and not forget . 
 and it allows me to go home from time to time , so my family will not miss me too much . '' 
 it sounded too good to be true-all of it-but she 'd learned not to be held back by fear . 
 the best things in life were worth the risk . 
 a smile of pure joy lifted her mouth as her heart soared . 
 `` if i 'll have you ? 
 if ? '' 
 a teasing light brightened his eyes . 
 `` let us reunite ourselves properly , and then we will discuss all the reasons why you should want to claim me as your own . '' 
 `` and just what does this proper reunion entail ? '' 
 the smile he gave her was pure male conquest . 
 `` kiss me again and i shall show you . '' 
 she did , and in that kiss , she saw their future together stretching out in front of them , glittering with love , pleasure and more happiness than one word alone could hold . 
