 prologue july 1894 somewhere in texas mad dog took the first punch . 
 a hard-knuckled right to the chin that sent him stumbling back against the ropes . 
 the sharp , metallic taste of blood filled his mouth . 
 a roar of approval swept through the crowd . 
 he shook his head and blinked . 
 his vision cleared . 
 the crowd stared back at him . 
 hundreds of upturned faces , circlets of pale pink against a sea of drab , dark clothing . 
 they whispered in anticipation . 
 he closed his eyes , listening , knowing what would follow . 
 waiting for it , needing it . 
 it started slowly , tentatively , a single voice , a single pair of clapping hands . 
 one person joined in , then another and another , until the hot , dry texas air became a living , breathing monster of enthusiastic sound . 
 a pulsing chant of voices raised in unison . 
 `` mad dog , mad dog , mad dog ... '' adrenaline coursed through his body , made his breathing quicken . 
 god , he loved this . 
 he pushed himself away from the ropes and sauntered toward the center of the makeshift ring . 
 an expectant hush fell over the fairgrounds . 
 he backhanded the trickle of blood from his mouth and gave his opponent a slow , lazy grin . 
 the same devil-may-care , you-haven ` t-hurt-me smile he 'd given a thousand times before . 
 `` that the best you got , sue ? '' 
 the huge , hairy man glared at him . 
 his ham-sized hands balled into dangerous fists . 
 `` name 's stew , you two-bit piece o ' shit . '' 
 `` stew ? 
 as in stewart ? '' 
 mad dog glanced at the spectators . 
 as if on cue , they leaned slightly toward him , waiting ... waiting . 
 `` well , hell , '' he drawled , `` with that punch , i figured your name was susan for sure . '' 
 the crowd burst into laughter . 
 `` you arrogant bastard - '' stew lunged forward . 
 mad dog skipped to the left , ducked , and spun back . 
 stew stumbled to a stop and looked around , confusion wrinkling his heavy face . 
 `` oh , stew ... '' mad dog taunted . 
 stew turned toward the sound . 
 mad dog punched him . 
 hard . 
 stew staggered back against the ropes , clutching them for support . 
 mad dog glanced down at his fist and shook his head . 
 `` damn , that hurts , do n't it , sue ? '' 
 -lrb- a ripple of laughter , punctuated by applause , worked through the crowd . 
 `` why , you ... '' stew launched himself off the ropes and barreled toward mad dog . 
 mad dog braced himself , his lazy grin faded . 
 he waited a tense second , then slammed his fist into stew 's jaw . 
 bone hit bone in a grinding , crunching smack . 
 stew exhaled in a booze-scented grunt of pain . 
 a look of almost comical disbelief crossed his fleshy features before he pitched , face-first , into the dirt . 
 the mob roared with approval . 
 mad dog looked up from stew 's prone body and grinned at the swarm of sweaty humanity gathered around the ropes . 
 he raised his right hand and made a fist in the air . 
 then he grabbed a towel and wiped his face . 
 he felt an arm curl around him , yanking him close . 
 `` you done good , kid . 
 like always , '' said a gravelly , tobacco-fed voice . 
 mad dog slowly lowered the towel from his face . 
 sneaky joe , the fight 's promoter , grinned up at him through watery gray eyes . 
 `` thanks , joe . '' 
 mad dog tossed his towel into the corner and patted joe 's humped back . 
 `` where 's my cut ? '' 
 `` right here . '' 
 joe dug deep in his ratty pocket and pulled out a wad of bills . 
 `` one hundred and fifty-two dollars . 
 should last you till next season . 
 if you 're careful . '' 
 mad dog pocketed the money without bothering to count it . 
 `` when have you ever known me to be careful ? '' 
 joe laughed . 
 `` never . '' 
 mad dog went to the corner of the ring and picked up his stetson , clothes bag , boots , and a bottle of tequila . 
 everything he owned in the world . 
 tearing off the cork , he took a long , satisfying gulp of tequila and wiped the dribble from his unshaven chin and drooping mustache . 
 joe scurried up behind him , moving as quickly as his misshapen body would allow . 
 `` see you at rochester in may ? '' 
 mad dog took another long , slow swallow and smiled . 
 rochester was the first fight of the season-and his favorite . 
 there was a particularly pretty widow in town . 
 he 'd been in rochester every may for sixteen years . 
 it was as close to a commitment as he 'd ever made . 
 `` what 'd stop me ? '' 
 joe glanced back at the still unconscious , spread-eagle body of stewart redman . 
 `` not him for damn sure . '' 
 mad dog slowed . 
 `` that reminds me , joe . 
 about the talent you been finding to fight me ... '' joe winced . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` they 're perfect . 
 keep it up . '' 
 joe grinned . 
 `` i 'll check the veteran 's home in rochester . '' 
 `` you do that . '' 
 mad dog 's gaze strayed to the thinning crowd . 
 paper and debris littered the brown , scorched grass . 
 the yellow-hot sun streamed through the fairgrounds , silhouetting the retreating crowd . 
 multicolored tents dotted the field . 
 from somewhere came the musical sound of laughter . 
 it took him only a second to find her . 
 she stood apart from the rest of the spectators , facing the ring instead of turned away from it . 
 long , curly blond hair framed her pale face and veiled her arms , its outline gilded by the sunshine . 
 a scandalously low neckline showcased her considerable charms-charms mad dog remembered from his last time through town . 
 a smile curved his mouth . 
 he loved to have a pretty woman waiting for him after a fight-even if he could n't remember her name . 
 he waved at her . 
 she waved back , and started walking toward him , her movements slow and seductive . 
 mad dog slung the clothes bag over his shoulder and put on his hat and boots . 
 `` got ta run , joe . 
 see ya next year . '' 
 joe chuckled . 
 `` you 're gon na spend all that money tonight , ai n't ya ? '' 
 mad dog vaulted over the ropes and dropped onto the crisp grass . 
 the woman ran over and threw her arms around him , hugging him with abandon . 
 he closed his eyes . 
 god , she smelled good . 
 like hot , sexy nights in a featherbed . 
 like passion . 
 he loved women , all women , but especially the easy , alley-cat types who showed up for his fights . 
 they cost him , but it was worth it . 
 they laughed with him , kissed him , and undressed for him with ease-his money ensured it . 
 and when he left , they waved good-bye with a smile . 
 just the way he liked it . 
 he grinned down into her beguiling , promise-laden blue eyes . 
 suddenly , fleetingly , he wished he remembered her name-it was susannah or sunshine ... something that started with an s , but he could n't for the life of him recall what . 
 not that it mattered , of course . 
 she did n't expect him to remember it . 
 that was the beauty of women like her . 
 they did n't expect anything except gold coins and heavy breathing . 
 `` mad dog ? '' 
 she purred his name in a practiced , seductive voice that stirred all the hard , wet memories it was intended to . 
 `` you going to stand around here all day ? '' 
 he glanced down at the creamy swell of cl ** vage and pulled her even closer . 
 `` not a chance , darlin ' , '' he whispered against her small , soft ear . 
 `` not a chance . '' 
 chapter one washington state september mad dog leaned back against the shuddering wall of the box car . 
 the article he was writing about homeless-ness lay beside him , forgotten for the moment . 
 wind clawed his face and raked his hair , curling the papery edges of his notebook . 
 the metallic clackety-clack of the iron wheels vibrated up and down his spine . 
 two short blasts of sound rose above the clattering of the train . 
 the piercing wail hovered momentarily in the air , then melted into the puffing chugs of steam and disappeared . 
 wheels locked with a clanging screech . 
 another town . 
 the words carried with them the familiar magic , the seductive allure of unopened gifts . 
 he reached for his clothes bag . 
 it was slumped in the corner of the boxcar , the patched , grayed fabric caved in on itself . 
 there was next to nothing inside-just a faded change of clothes , a bedroll , and a few notebooks-but it was everything mad dog had . 
 everything he needed . 
 except food and money . 
 he shook his head . 
 it was too bad he had n't saved something from that last fight . 
 just enough to get him a place in mexico , a few bottles of tequila , and a willing woman to keep him warm through the winter ... winter . 
 he thumped his head back against the corrugated metal wall and closed his eyes . 
 christ , he hated that word . 
 it was one of the few things that actually depressed him . 
 it was still autumn ; almost an indian summer , in fact . 
 but yesterday 's warm sun did n't fool him . 
 he 'd been drifting across this country for too long to be fooled by mother nature . 
 winter was coming . 
 winter , when the world was cold , the fields were fallow , and work was impossible to find . 
 winter . 
 the season when homeless , unemployed vagrants like mad dog were found dead by the side of the road and thrown in markerless paupers ' graves by lawmen who did n't know what it felt like to be footloose and carefree ... or alone and hungry and filled with despair . 
 he had to find work now , during harvest , while there was work to be found . 
 there would be no more fairs until late spring , no way for his fists to earn the money he needed . 
 he had no choice but to get a real job . 
 shit ... the train whistle blew again , three short , sharp blasts . 
 mad dog stuffed a half-finished editorial into his canvas bag and staggered to his feet . 
 standing in the open doorway , he stared at the blurred brown landscape . 
 particles of wind-driven dirt stung his eyes , turned into a gritty paste on his tongue . 
 he rammed his battered stetson on his head and jumped . 
 r he landed hard . 
 pain ricocheted up his legs and throbbed in his knees . 
 he groaned and staggered to his feet , brushing the dust from his levi 's . 
 goddamn , sometimes it hurt to be free . 
 he walked to the fringe of a town called lonesome creek and stopped . 
 green fields fanned toward the horizon like a huge patchwork quilt , the color grafted by irrigation to a brown prairie that rolled into forever . 
 in the distance , bluish gray hills rose into a sky so blue , it hurt the eyes . 
 a cold , early morning draft buffeted his stubbly cheeks and pulled at his long , unkempt mustache . 
 he crammed his hands in his pockets , trying to find some meager warmth in the holey interiors . 
 the town was practically empty this early in the morning , which was just as well . 
 he 'd learned long ago that respectable citizens did n't cotton to vagrants like him . 
 they did n't understand a man who did n't want a white picket fence to trap him in or a steady job to pay his bills . 
 they wanted the world to be clean , respectable , predictable . 
 he did n't blame them or judge them . 
 fact was , he did n't even think about them . 
 he just walked past them , saying nothing , and slipped into the rum-soaked , lively part of town they denied existed . 
 the part wreathed in shadows , punctuated by laughter and drowned in rotgut whiskey . 
 the part where people had fun . 
 he tucked his chin into the fraying collar of his oilskin coat and strolled casually toward town . 
 the wide dirt road rolled over a tiny rise , then melted into main street . 
 rows of false-fronted clapboard buildings lined the street on either side , their doorways linked by a wide wooden boardwalk . 
 a few well-dressed people strolled from store to store , talking quietly among themselves . 
 a sign stood out from all the rest , grabbing mad dog 's attention . 
 ma 's diner . 
 smiling , he reslung the pack over his shoulder and stepped up onto the boardwalk , pushing through the diner 's slatted wooden doors . 
 the mouth-watering aroma of baking cinnamon buns and frying bacon greeted him , made his stomach grumble loudly . 
 he moved cautiously forward , eyeing the place . 
 the tablecloths were clean and pressed , a bright red and white check that bespoke sunday suppers and family gatherings . 
 dust-free globed lamps hung at regular intervals from the dark wooden beams , casting pockets of light along the oak floorboards . 
 ma 's place was neat , respectable , and profitable . 
 in short , a disaster . 
 odds were equal or better that he 'd be thrown out within moments . 
 he had to get to the job board fast . 
 mad dog hurried toward the corner of the restaurant and squinted up at the weathered scraps of paper that were tacked to the wood-planked wall . 
 the ads were just what he expected ; the sort of ads he 'd been reading and answering for fifteen years . 
 apple picker wanted , work hard but steady ; hay baler needs part-time help , no drinkers , no women ; sutton ranch needs general hand to dig irrigation ditches-top dollar paid . 
 he scanned the words without much interest . 
 he . 
 was , just about to close his eyes and pick one when a phrase caught his attention . 
 his gaze ricocheted back to the ad at the far right . 
 the paper was curled and yellowed by the sun , as if it had been there a long time . 
 cautiously , almost afraid that it would vanish at his touch , he smoothed the paper and began to read . 
 general handyman needed for small orchard . 
 room , board , and minimal wages provided in exchange for manual labor . 
 good food and clean sheets available . 
 inquiries should be directed to professor erasmus throckmorton , epoch farm , corner of palouse and mesozoic streets . 
 p.s. good conversation skills a plus . 
 he grinned just thinking about clean sheets . 
 and if there was one thing he could do , it was talk . 
 hell , it was a job made in heaven . 
 he plucked the scrap of paper off the job board and crammed it in his pocket , then headed out of the diner . 
 it was a long , hot walk out of town , but mad dog hardly noticed . 
 all he could think about were those damn clean sheets . 
 jacob vanderstay saw mad dog coming and he panicked . 
 he 'd followed too closely this time , he knew it . 
 darn ! 
 he slammed his rail-thin , adolescent body against the splintery side of hamman 's mercantile and jerked the hat down over his eyes , trying desperately to be invisible . 
 blood pounded in his ears like an oncoming train . 
 he held his breath and prayed like crazy . 
 please do n't let him catch me . 
 please ... mad dog strode past him without so much as a glance . 
 jake sagged against the wall , feeling equal measures of relief and disappointment . 
 mad dog had n't seen him ... again . 
 with a sigh , he pushed away from the wall and shoved the hat back on his head . 
 he scratched his sweaty forehead with dirt-caked fingernails and shoved a hank of coppery hair out of his eyes . 
 gosh , he was tired of this . 
 tired of skulking around in the shadows , eating disgusting food , sleeping on the cold , hard ground . 
 he just wanted it to be over . 
 but it would n't be over until he confronted mad dog . 
 and he was no closer to doing that than he had been four months ago when he 'd first started trailing the man . 
 he waited awhile , let mad dog get a good distance ahead , then jake flung his sack over his shoulder and followed him out of town . 
 mariah throckmorton stood back from her work , studying it critically . 
 the shelves above her father 's oak desk glistened with beeswax . 
 stark , white piles of paper created a perfectly ordered checkerboard atop the dark wood . 
 in the exact center of the desk sat a crystal inkstand and pen rack and the eureka ink eradicator . 
 fossils lined the shelves , their sharpest points peering over the edge like a hundred tiny noses . 
 everything was perfectly in order . 
 but somehow she was certain she could do it better , do something to make her father actually notice what she 'd done ... she sighed . 
 it would never happen . 
 her father would n't care , of course , would n't even notice how hard she 'd worked to keep his collection dusted , cleaned , and in perfect array . 
 but it was something her mother had done for him , and now that she was gone , the task of keeping rass organized fell to mariah . 
 and with her father 's whimsical , impractical nature , it was a considerable task indeed . 
 she tried to tell herself it did n't matter that rass would n't notice her efforts . 
 it should n't . 
 she was thirty-four years old . 
 how could she still be trying to impress a father who clearly did n't care to be impressed ? 
 she moved back to the desk and pulled out the long drawer . 
 dozens of ragged erasers lay in a clumped heap . 
 she removed each one and carefully began restacking them in the front left corner . 
 as she was setting the final eraser in place , she heard a faint , faraway rasping sound , like the creaking of an old man 's joints . 
 it came from the open window . 
 the eraser slipped from her fingers and landed with a muffled thwop . 
 she closed the drawer with her hip and walked over to the window , pushing the white eyelet curtains aside . 
 at first glance , everything looked exactly as it should . 
 the vegetable garden was a patch of green-studded brown earth alongside the springhouse . 
 fruit trees marched across the pasture in a dozen perfect rows toward the barbed-wire fence line , their symmetry broken only by a weathered wooden barn and a few outbuildings . 
 a neat , white picket fence outlined the well-tended perimeter of the grassy , flower-edged yard . 
 just inside the gate , her father was crouched in the dirt , digging for fossils . 
 suddenly a man emerged from the leafy umbrella of an apple tree and moved toward her father . 
 mariah gasped . 
 her hands came up and pressed against the glass . 
 a strangled sound escaped her throat . 
 she spun away from the window and did what any self-respecting spinster would do when confronted with a strange man on her property . 
 she went for her shotgun . 
 mad dog stood beneath the fragrant canopy of an apple tree , shrouded by low-hanging boughs . 
 every now and then a breeze came through , rustling the leaves and releasing the delicate scent of fruit . 
 he pushed the battered stetson higher on his forehead and peered through the leaves . 
 it was a quiet , well-tended little farm . 
 in the exact center , at the end of a flower-trimmed gravel path , sat a boxy , two-story white farmhouse with a curlicued overhang that shaded a homey porch . 
 evenly spaced pillars , twined with dead vines , connected the roof to the porch floor , and bunches of drying flowers hung from the white railing . 
 a swing creaked slowly back and forth , touched by the invisible hand of a late afternoon breeze . 
 everything about the house declared itself a home . 
 he felt a stirring of discomfort . 
 this was n't his kind of place at all . 
 somewhere in this dusty little town was the sort of place mad dog belonged . 
 a room filled with the same hard-drinking , hard-hitting , homeless men he met on the line . 
 he could always find that room , no matter what town he crawled into . 
 a broken-down farm on the edge of town , a crew of losers digging ditches , an itinerant group of shearers . 
 somehow they all found one another in the dark underside of small-town life , all congregated in the dirty gutters . 
 that 's the kind of place he felt comfortable , the kind of job he usually took . 
 but they did n't have clean sheets . 
 just the thought made him smile again . 
 `` what did you say , greta ? '' 
 mad dog peered through the leaves again . 
 this time he noticed an old man , digging in the dirt not more than forty feet away . 
 the man was hunched over , his clawlike , big-knuckled hands wrapped around a small spade . 
 thin strands of cottony hair curled along his liver-spotted scalp . 
 a ratty muslin shirt hung from his small shoulders and hugged his sunken chest . 
 sweat glistened on the sparce white hairs that stuck up from his open collar . 
 `` rather birdlike , '' the old man muttered . 
 `` what do you think , greta ? '' 
 mad dog glanced around . 
 the meticulously tended yard was empty except for the old man . 
 `` are you looking for someone ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the old man 's head came up with a snap . 
 he saw mad dog and blinked in surprise . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he moved toward the old man , his hand outstretched in greeting . 
 `` folks call me mad dog . '' 
 the man squinted up at him . 
 `` injun ? '' 
 mad dog bit back a smile . 
 yeah , i 'm a blond-haired , gray-eyed indian . 
 there 's a million of us . 
 `` fighter . '' 
 the man nodded as if he understood , which mad dog was certain he did n't . 
 he set down his spade and got to his feet . 
 his tired joints creaked in protest . 
 `` i 'm professor erasmus throckmorton . '' 
 he shook mad dog 's hand . 
 `` you can call me rass . 
 what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` i 'm here for the handyman position . '' 
 rass frowned . 
 thick white eyebrows veed owl-like above startlingly blue eyes . 
 `` really ? 
 you want the job ? '' 
 mad dog shrugged . 
 `` i 'd take it for a while . '' 
 rass nodded slowly , eyeing mad dog with an unnerving intensity . 
 `` this is a surprise ... i 'm not quite sure . . . '' 
 `` you did place an ad , did n't you ? '' 
 `` uh-hummm , '' he answered , blinking up at mad dog . 
 mad dog did n't feel a stitch of discomfort . 
 he was used to being sized up by employers . 
 how he fared usually depended on how desperate they were . 
 only desperate men hired mad dog stone . 
 `` you got a wife ? '' 
 mad dog laughed . 
 `` nope . '' 
 rass was still frowning . 
 `` the job pays eight dollars a week plus room and board . 
 that 's probably not enough ... '' mad dog grinned . 
 `` that 'll be just fine . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 almost reluctantly , rass turned toward the house . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 they walked side by side down the manicured path . 
 when they were almost at the house , rass dropped his spade in the dirt . 
 mad dog reached down for it . 
 rass stopped him . 
 `` do n't bother . 
 i leave my stuff | laying around . 
 it gives my daughter something to do . '' 
 mad dog paused . 
 `` your daughter ? '' 
 from somewhere inside the house came a shrieking `` rass ! '' 
 and then thundering footsteps . 
 rass sighed . 
 `` that 'll be her , coming to save me . '' 
 `` why - '' the front door swung open and slammed against the wall . 
 something tall and brown hurtled through the open door . 
 there was a high-pitched scream , a glint of silver . 
 mad dog reached for rass to protect him . 
 `` do n't you touch him ! '' 
 the brown thing screeched . 
 before mad dog could answer , something cracked into the side of his head . 
 it was the hardest damn punch he 'd ever taken . 
 pain exploded behind his eyes . 
 he weaved unsteadily for a moment , then pitched to the ground . 
 he lay sprawled in the damp grass . 
 there was a moment of excruciating pain and then an envelope of soothing darkness . 
 when he came to , he was alone . 
 chapter two `` are you modi '' rass held up his gnarled hands . 
 `` now , mariah - '' she whirled on him . 
 `` you walk in here , calm as can be , and tell me you hired that . . . '' 
 she glanced through the open door and saw the man , still sprawled in her prized purple dahlias . 
 he was up on his elbows now , brushing a greasy lock of hair from his eyes . 
 his gaze was glassy and unfocused , but soon that would change , and he would look this way . 
 mariah shuddered at the thought . 
 she fought to remain calm . 
 `` you hire that ... person to help me out around the farm , and i 'm supposed to be happy about it ? '' 
 rass sighed tiredly . 
 `` it 's been a long time since i expected you to be happy , mariah . '' 
 mariah felt a tiny catch in her heart , a snag of sadness . 
 why ? 
 she wondered for the millionth time . 
 why did everything her father say to her have to hurt so badly ? 
 she 'd worked hard to run this farm , damn it . 
 worked as hard as any man , and she 'd done a good job . 
 but even that was n't good enough for rass . 
 he 'd gone be-1 hind her back and hired someone to replace her . 
 it was all she had to offer her father , all she did well . 
 and now he was taking it away , telling her again that she was n't good enough ... `` i wo n't let him stay , '' she said . 
 rass shuffled toward her , his blue eyes swimming in sadness . 
 `` we 've been alone here too long , mariah . '' 
 she backed away from him , afraid suddenly to meet his gaze . 
 she knew what he was going to say next and she did n't want to hear it . 
 `` it has n't been that long . . . . '' 
 `` mama 's gone . 
 you 've got to get on with your life . '' 
 his words hit her like a slap . 
 `` i wo n't have it , '' she said , curling her hands into fists . 
 `` i wo n't let you bring that stranger into my home . '' 
 `` it 's my home . '' 
 mariah flinched at the quietly spoken words . 
 she 'd lost . 
 her father had hired the man , and rass would n't change his mind . 
 sometime , somehow , she 'd done something wrong , something to make rass think she was incapable of caring for their home . 
 the realization filled her with a familiar , sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach . 
 god , she tried so hard to be perfect , to make rass proud of her and atone for the shame of her past . 
 why did n't it ever work ? 
 `` look at him . '' 
 she stiffened . 
 `` absolutely not . '' 
 `` look at him . 
 please , '' rass pleaded . 
 reluctantly she turned toward the open kitchen door and looked at the man outside . 
 the stranger was sitting up now , apparently trying to focus . 
 his clothes were old and ragged and filthy . 
 she could smell him from here . 
 he was younger than she 'd first thought -- perhaps thirty-five or six . 
 but worn for his years . 
 there was a sinewy leanness to his face that bespoke long , lonely roads and too much alcohol . 
 a bushy , drooping brown mustache obscured his mouth and blended into a fuzzy stubble of new beard that fanned down his neck . 
 he obviously had n't shaved in days . 
 his hair was ragged and too long , streaked by a hot sun to the color of wheat . 
 the frayed , once white collar of his shirt hung open to reveal a dark , hairy chest . 
 the sight of it resurrected a hundred forbidden images , a thousand buried longings . 
 mariah 's mouth went dry . 
 a tiny pulse at the base of her throat throbbed . 
 `` like what you see , lady ? '' 
 mariah 's gaze jerked back to his face , and she found herself plunged into a pair of pewter gray eyes . 
 his gaze locked with hers , dared her to look away . 
 his eyes were focused and hard , with a bone-rattling intensity that cut through her self-control . 
 he had stephen 's eyes . 
 her breath caught . 
 she wanted to look away , ached to look away . 
 but his gaze held her in a perverse , velvet grip . 
 fear pressed in on her . 
 calm down , mariah . 
 do n't let him do this to you . 
 she let her breath out in a steady stream and closed her eyes , silently counting to five . 
 when she felt better , she let herself look at him again . 
 she was wrong . 
 his eyes were n't familiar . 
 stephen 's had been warm and brown and filled with easy laughter ; the stranger 's were cold and gray . 
 it was simply the look in the eyes that was familiar . 
 uncommitted . 
 alone . 
 the eyes of a man who never stayed in one place too long . 
 her irrational fear turned to disgust . 
 he was everything she despised in a man . 
 a shiftless , lazy loser . 
 the kind who 'd attracted her once-when she was a starry-eyed girl-but never would again . 
 `` trust me , '' rass said quietly . 
 `` fine , rass . 
 i 'll trust you . '' 
 she spat the words out , then shot a last glance at the stranger . 
 `` but i wo n't trust him . '' 
 mad dog touched the bruise that was already forming at his jaw . 
 christ , what had the schoolmarm hit him with ? 
 a pickax ? 
 then he remembered . 
 the brown blur had smashed the butt of her shotgun into his jaw . 
 shaking his head to clear it , he tried to get to his feet . 
 his first effort was a wobbly failure . 
 he sank back into the plants , smashing another row of purple blossoms . 
 the sickly-sweet scent of the flowers clogged his nostrils and brought a burst of nausea . 
 he was gon na puke . 
 shit ... squeezing his eyes shut , he clutched his gut and tried to will the nausea to pass . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 mad dog opened his eyes . 
 rass was standing close , peering down with a fatherly smile on his wrinkled face . 
 he forced a smile . 
 `` never better . '' 
 rass kneeled and held out a handkerchief . 
 `` here . '' 
 mad dog eyed the embroidered scrap of linen . 
 it was the size of a postcard . 
 rass had obviously never been coldcocked . 
 `` that should help . '' 
 rass frowned for a moment , then brightened as if at a sudden inspiration . 
 `` get the man a steak , mariah . '' 
 `` i will not . 
 he can wait until supper to eat . '' 
 `` it 's not to eat , '' the old man answered . 
 `` it 's for the swelling . '' 
 the woman in the doorway did n't move . 
 mad dog pushed himself up on his elbows to see her better . 
 his vision was still slightly blurry , but what he could see was discouraging . 
 she looked like a tall , disapproving owl . 
 from the tip of her carefully coiled hair to the pointed toes of her sensible shoes , she was entirely brown . 
 brown hair , brown eyes , brown dress , brown apron . 
 she stood as stiff and unforgiving as a statue . 
 head held high , arms crossed , mouth pinched , she watched him study her . 
 she had a face that looked as if it had been carved from stone . 
 no laugh lines pleated the flesh around her eyes or bracketed her pursed lips . 
 when his gaze finally reached her eyes , he was surprised by the hot emotion in her gaze . 
 `` it 's not polite to stare , '' she said curtly . 
 `` i see your manners are as exemplary as your dress . '' 
 mad dog shrugged . 
 `` as are yours . '' 
 `` mariah , '' rass said sharply . 
 `` get the man a steak . 
 it 's the least you can do after you knocked him out . '' 
 the woman called mariah snorted . 
 for a second mad dog thought she was going to ignore her father . 
 then , with a defiant snap of her dull brown skirts , she turned and went into the house . 
 rass gave mad dog an apologetic shrug . 
 `` she 's rather ... '' rude ? 
 dim-witted ? 
 battle-trained ? 
 `` headstrong , '' rass finished . 
 then , slowly , he got to his feet . 
 `` i 'll go get you some purola sizz . 
 you 're going to have a hell of a headache later on . '' 
 mad dog nodded . 
 `` thanks , rass . '' 
 `` no thanks needed , son . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 with a wave , the old man wandered into the house and disappeared . 
 mariah emerged a moment later , holding a tiny scrap of beef between her thumb and forefinger , as if it were a dead rat to be offered to a cur dog . 
 lifting her skirt a fraction of an inch , she descended the porch steps and came to a stop at mad dog 's feet . 
 her gaze swept his outstretched body in a single condemning glance and stopped at the holey soles of his cowboy boots . 
 she grimaced and held out the meat . 
 `` here . '' 
 her obvious disapproval struck mad dog as funny . 
 it was as if she actually expected him to care what she thought . 
 one thing he did n't care much about were judgmental , narrow-minded spinsters . 
 he sat up and offered her a cocky grin . 
 `` it 's an awfully small piece of meat . '' 
 `` it 's an awfully small bruise . '' 
 mad dog burst out laughing . 
 `` so the wren has a temper . '' 
 slowly he got to his feet . 
 she started to back up , then stopped . 
 the porch 's bottom step pinned her in place . 
 she squared her shoulders and met his gaze head-on . 
 she was tall for a woman , with a straight-backed stance that made her seem even taller . 
 the top of her head came almost to his jaw , and he was six feet tall . 
 fuzzy , curly strands of hair tickled his chin , and he knew instinctively that she hated the defiant curliness of her hair . 
 up close , he could tell he 'd been wrong to dismiss her as a brown wren . 
 she was ... more . 
 everything about her bespoke grit , from the strong set of her delicately pointed jaw to the defiant tilt of her chin . 
 her face was chisled and sharp , without a hint of softness . 
 strong , prominent cheekbones slashed above hollow cheeks ; pale , colorless lips spread in a thin , unforgiving line . 
 she was n't beautiful by any means , barely even pretty . 
 but there was something interesting about her face , something that made her seem almost attractive in spite of her austere , freckled features . 
 if she 'd smile , she might actually be pretty . 
 it was the eyes . 
 at first glance he 'd thought they were brown , like everything else about her , but on closer examination , he saw that they were the extraordinary hue of maple syrup , and fringed by thick , dark lashes . 
 against the milky paleness of her skin , they seemed huge and vibrant . 
 `` are you going to stare at me all day ? '' 
 he shrugged easily . 
 `` i 've been known to stare at a pretty woman for that long . '' 
 she stiffened even more-if that was possible . 
 `` no doubt you have . 
 why do n't you go find one ? 
 sapphire lil 's in walla walla probably has just your sort of woman . '' 
 grinning , he extended a hand . 
 `` they call me mad dog . '' 
 she looked at his grubby hand as if it were a garden slug . 
 `` and you let them ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` worse . 
 i like it . '' 
 `` and what 's your last name ? 
 bite ? '' 
 `` stone . '' 
 somehow , she made that seem unacceptable , too . 
 she sniffed and tilted her chin . 
 `` what did the advertisement say ? '' 
 `` handyman wanted . 
 room and board in exchange for light manual labor . '' 
 `` obviously my father placed the ad without my knowledge or consent . 
 however , since you 've answered it , i have no choice but to put you to work . '' 
 `` gee , thanks . '' 
 `` you may keep your sarcastic comments to yourself , mr. stone . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i will if you will . '' 
 she looked at him then , took in everything about him in a single , disapproving glance . 
 `` the bunkhouse is a mess , but i do n't imagine cleanliness matters much to you . '' 
 he gave her an exaggerated frown . 
 `` is that an ... insult ? 
 and from an obviously christian woman such as yourself ? '' 
 she ignored his remark completely . 
 `` the bunkhouse will be cleaned , and the linen changed on saturday . 
 as usual . '' 
 he shrugged , feeling no more than a moment 's disappointment . 
 `` i can use my bedroll till then . '' 
 for the first time , she smiled . 
 it was a grim tightening of her lips that made her look even colder . 
 `` somehow , i do n't think you 'll last until then , mr. stone . '' 
 `` you mean you hope i wo n't . '' 
 `` that 's exactly what i mean . '' 
 she nodded toward the building beside the front gate . 
 `` that 's the bunkhouse . 
 you may put your things away and report back here in ten minutes for work . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` you want me to start now ? '' 
 `` oh , yes , mr. stone . 
 you wanted to work - '' she paused for effect '' - and you will . '' 
 mad dog eyed the small whitewashed bunkhouse . 
 a slow , appreciative smile curved his lips . 
 he tripped the latch , swung the narrow door open , and went inside . 
 the door creaked loudly and thumped against the wall , rattling the whole building . 
 dirt showered down from the open rafters . 
 a wedge of filtered sunlight dove into the room , its golden glow marred by dancing motes of dust . 
 he coughed , blinked . 
 the small , cramped room was a scratchy blur that reeked of disuse and darkness , with just a hint of old beeswax . 
 a narrow cot jutted from the center wall , its mattress covered by a thick , blue woolen blanket that draped almost to the floor . 
 two graying pillows huddled against the metal headboard . 
 the bedside table was an upended packing crate that held a dusty lantern and a tin matchbox . 
 against the left wall , an old oak dresser leaned awkwardly to one side , its oval mirror hung on the peeling wall above . 
 there was one window . 
 tired gingham curtains let in faint rays of sun . 
 the floor was thick-planked wood , scarred and stained from years of use . 
 a squat , potbellied stove occupied the corner . 
 shit , it was nice . 
 private . 
 no prying eyes would bother him here , no conductor would rouse him in the middle of the night and throw him off , no innkeeper would demand payment . 
 he could put his bag on the floor and be sure it would be there in the morning , the contents undisturbed . 
 he tossed his bag in the corner of the room and sat down on the bed . 
 it squeaked and groaned beneath his weight . 
 wishboning his arms behind his head , he flopped backward and stared up at the pitched wooden ceiling . 
 for no reason whatsoever , his thoughts drifted to marian throckmorton . 
 prim , proper , look-down-her-nose-at-you mariah . 
 she was exactly the kind of woman he shied away from . 
 not that they usually wanted anything to do with a man named mad dog anyway . 
 she was the sort of woman who hurriedly crossed the boardwalk in front of him , the kind who never glanced at a dirty drifter . 
 he could tell that by the tidy little bun she wore at the back of her neck-and the stiff , unapproachable way she carried herself . 
 and the brown . . . 
 god , did n't she look in the mirror ? 
 that god-awful color made her look like a corpse . 
 he pitied the woman . 
 her hair was so damn tight , she probably suffered a perennial headache . 
 life was too short to spend it all tied up in knots . 
 and too short to spend it working . 
 he sighed and pushed up to his elbows . 
 shaking the dirt off his boots , he got slowly to his feet and headed toward the door . 
 christ , he hated farm work . 
 chapter three marian stood on the porch , watching that man swagger toward her . 
 her mouth tightened into a disapproving pinch . 
 everything about him screamed shiftless , from the scruffy tips of his cowboy boots to the battered tilt of his black hat . 
 he moved slowly , casually , with his hands thrust in his pockets . 
 as if he did n't care if he arrived someplace on time , or , and this was probably more accurate , as if he did n't care if he arrived at all . 
 and he was staring at her , rudely . 
 she could feel his gaze like a prickling heat across her face . 
 he was an affront to hardworking people everywhere . 
 she crossed her arms and glared at him , willing him to pick up speed . 
 he slowed down . 
 in the shadow of his hat , his mouth was a white curve . 
 `` you 're lookin ' mighty tense , miss throckmorton , '' he drawled , coming to a stop directly in front of the house . 
 casually he rested his boot on the bottom step . 
 it landed with a thunk that reverberated up marian 's spine and lodged as a migraine at the base of her skull . 
 she clenched her jaw and glared down at him . 
 `` i 'm surprised you even know the word tense , mr. stone . '' 
 he tilted his hat back and grinned up at her . 
 `` ai n't that what indians live in ? '' 
 she let out her breath in a disgusted sigh . 
 she deserved that for even speaking to the man . 
 with a sniff , she bent and picked up her basket and hammer . 
 then , tilting her chin up , she marched down the steps and sailed past him without so much as a sideways glance . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 he waited a full ten seconds , then followed . 
 she could hear him behind her , his bootheels crunching through the carpet of crispy autumn leaves . 
 every snap of a twig or crinkle of a dead leaf hit her like a slap . 
 she could n't believe her father had invited that ... that vagabond into their lives . 
 their home . 
 she gritted her teeth . 
 damn , damn , damn . 
 the silent curses matched her every step , echoed the quickened pounding of her heart . 
 she had to get rid of him . 
 now . 
 and she had the perfect plan to do it . 
 he was obviously a man who made no commitments , a man who never stayed too long in one place . 
 a man who did n't like hard work . 
 all she had to do was work him hard-brutally hard-and he 'd be gone by sunup . 
 at the huge walnut tree behind the washhouse , she came to a stop and spun around , prepared for battle . 
 mr. stone ran right into her . 
 marian grunted in surprise and dropped her basket . 
 her arms flailed backward . 
 she started to fall . 
 his arms were around her in an instant , holding her tight . 
 he drew her toward him . 
 `` steady there , '' he murmured . 
 his gaze snagged mariah 's , held it . 
 her breath caught . 
 she blinked at him . 
 up close , he had a face that was full of laughter and warmth . 
 the kind of face that drew a woman in , the kind of eyes that quietly lured confidences . 
 the kind of eyes she 'd fallen for once before . 
 she jerked backward , stumbling in her haste to be away from him . 
 `` do n't ever touch me again . '' 
 `` then keep your distance . 
 when a woman throws herself at me , i tend to catch . '' 
 heat crawled up mariah 's throat . 
 `` i did not throw myself at you . '' 
 `` all right , hurl . '' 
 mariah felt her self-control start to slip . 
 a tiny , niggling thread of fear uncoiled in her stomach . 
 she was reacting to mr. stone in entirely the wrong way . 
 she wanted to ignore him , not banter with him . 
 she bit down on her lower lip and turned away , focusing instead on the green orbs that dotted the brown grass at her feet . 
 then , when she felt stronger , she bent down and picked up one of the walnuts from the ground . 
 slowly , breathing steadily , she turned around . 
 `` these are walnuts . '' 
 `` now , ai n't that fascinatin ' . '' 
 she ignored him . 
 `` i want you to shake the branches and dislodge as many of the nuts as you can . 
 then you crack the soft husk , extract the nuts , and put them in that basket . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` sounds easy enough . '' 
 `` for a man as ... handy as you , no doubt it will be . '' 
 with a curt nod in his direction , she plucked up her skirts and headed for the house . 
 at every step , she resisted the urge to turn back around and see how he was doing . 
 there , she thought , crack walnuts for ten hours and tell me you 'll be here in the morning . 
 `` sleep well , mr. stone ? '' 
 the sharp-edged words pierced the comforting darkness of his sleep . 
 mad dog winced . 
 shit . 
 he cracked one eyelid open . 
 old button-up brown eyes peered down at him . 
 and she did not look pleased . 
 but then , he was n't entirely convinced it was possible for her . 
 `` hey , miz throckmorton . '' 
 he straightened , came more fully awake . 
 she went to the basket in a swish of drab skirting and plucked up a handful of shelled walnuts . 
 then she turned to him , a look of incredulous disapproval stamped on her pale face . 
 `` you call these shelled ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't call 'em squat . '' 
 she thrust her hand toward him . 
 a lone walnut sat huddled on her flat palm , its brown meat flecked with remnants of green shell . 
 `` there 's green on this nut . '' 
 he looked up , met her gaze . 
 `` what am i supposed to do-suck it off ? '' 
 she bristled and snapped her palm shut . 
 `` do n't use that kind of language around me . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i said suck , not fu - '' `` mister stone ! '' 
 he could n't help laughing . 
 `` i did the best i could . 
 i did n't fall asleep for hours . '' 
 he held up his bruised , stained hands . 
 `` and i got the injuries to prove it . '' 
 her gaze flicked uncaringly across his hand , then returned to his face . 
 `` i suppose that means you 'll be leaving ----- '' his lips twitched . 
 suddenly he understood this afternoon . 
 old button-up had done this to him on purpose . 
 she 'd known cracking walnuts was hard work , and somehow she 'd surmised that he was n't a man who liked hard work . 
 he should have been angry , but instead he felt a grudging respect for her . 
 it was a damn good idea , and it had worked like a charm . 
 after today , he could n't wait to take a few bucks from the professor and get the hell out of here . 
 even clean sheets was n't worth this shit . 
 his thumb felt like an oxcart had run over it , and his arm ached from shoulder to wrist . 
 yeah , he was leaving , all right . 
 but first he was gon na have a little fun with the schoolmarm . 
 `` naw . 
 where would i go ? '' 
 `` anywhere . '' 
 casually he got to his feet and walked toward her . 
 she did n't move , did n't back away , but she wanted to . 
 he could see it in the fearful flaring of her nostrils and the way she leaned slightly backward . 
 he smelled her fear and it challenged him ; it was just like when he was in the ring . 
 all of a sudden he felt less tired . 
 `` what if i like it here ? '' 
 `` i 'll ... pay you . '' 
 he tilted his hat back and gave her a slow , pointed once-over . 
 his gaze started at her pale , severe face and leisurely moved down , over the curves she tried to hide beneath a baggy brown dress . 
 but if there was one thing mad dog could find , it was a woman 's curves , and the wren was n't built too badly . 
 biting back a smile , he let his gaze wander once again to her face . 
 `` with what ? '' 
 she gave him a look of pure , red-hot hatred . 
 `` money . '' 
 he cocked an eyebrow . 
 `` a little egg money you 've saved to ward off prowlers ? '' 
 `` sixteen dollars , '' she said . 
 `` cash . '' 
 mad dog grinned . 
 now , that was an unexpected bonus . 
 sixteen dollars was damn good money for doing next to nothing . 
 he could hole up for a long while on that . 
 she saw his interest and gave him a gloating smile . 
 `` i knew that 'd get your interest . '' 
 ah , damn , he thought , do n't do that . 
 do n't gloat . 
 `` a man like you could n't last on a farm . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 oh , that 's it . 
 add a challenge . 
 `` shit . '' 
 he said the word on a sharp exhalation of breath . 
 he wanted to leave , really wanted to . 
 but now she 'd made it impossible . 
 there were only two things mad dog prided himself on : he never walked away from a fight , and no one ever told him where to go . 
 and now miss high and mighty had just started a fight and told him where to go in a single breath . 
 `` naw , '' he said softly , `` i think i 'll just earn my keep . '' 
 her smile crashed . 
 `` but - '' `` but nothing . 
 i 'm staying . '' 
 `` just my luck . 
 you choose here to make an honest wage . '' 
 `` got ta do it somewhere . '' 
 she bent down and picked up the basket . 
 ramming the hammer in with the nuts , she gave him a look sour enough to curdle milk . 
 `` supper 's in one hour . 
 i 'll leave yours on the porch . '' 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm not invited to the table ? '' 
 she frowned at him . 
 `` hardly . '' 
 `` now , that 's not too neighborly of you , darlin ' . 
 i 'm beginnin ' to feel downright unwelcome . '' 
 she gripped the basket and held it tight against her body . 
 thrusting her chin up , she marched past him and headed for the house . 
 `` and i thought you were stupid . '' 
 her words floated back to him in a rustle of swishing skirts . 
 he burst out laughing . 
 mariah stared down at the knoigsberger klops and had an almost overwhelming urge to grab the cast-iron skillet and throw the whole mess across the kitchen . 
 with exaggerated calm she picked up the slotted spoon and began removing the meatballs from their broth . 
 when she finished , she poured a flour-and-water mixture into the bubbling liquid and stirred the thickening gravy . 
 she heard the slow , steady thump-thump-thump of rass coming down the stairs , and she straightened . 
 `` evening , mariah . '' 
 she spooned the meatballs back into the gravy and dished up supper . 
 then , two plates in hand , she turned to face her father . 
 `` hi , rass . '' 
 he went to the head of the table and sat down . 
 `` something smells mighty good . '' 
 `` knoigsberger klops . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` ah , no wonder . '' 
 he glanced around the table and frowned . 
 `` there is n't a place for young mr. stone . '' 
 she wanted to say , mr. stone 's as young as i am , but she bit her tongue and forced a smile . 
 `` he 's not eating with us . 
 i put a cold chicken supper in a basket for him . 
 it 's on the porch . '' 
 `` why should he want to eat alone ? '' 
 mariah scooted up to the table and poured two glasses of milk . 
 `` probably wants to practice with a fork . '' 
 rass made a soft , clucking sound . 
 `` now , mariah , that 's not very charitable of you . '' 
 she stabbed a meatball with her fork . 
 `` you have enough charity for both of us . '' 
 rass put down his utensils . 
 they hit with a tinny little clang that seemed loud in the quiet room . 
 mariah tensed , feeling her father 's gaze on her face . 
 no emotion , mariah . 
 none . 
 `` change is part of life , mariah . '' 
 `` so are natural disasters . '' 
 rass snorted . 
 `` mad dog is hardly a natural disaster . '' 
 `` you have n't seen him crack walnuts . '' 
 `` give the man a chance , mariah , '' he said softly . 
 she turned to him then . 
 anger narrowed her eyes . 
 `` you should know better than to even suggest such a thing . 
 i did that once . '' 
 rass 's wrinkled old face fell . 
 sorrow magnified his rheumy eyes . 
 `` ah , mariah ... '' for a heartbeat , mariah felt herself weaken . 
 she looked away . 
 `` do n't look at me that way . '' 
 `` you 're not sixteen anymore . '' 
 panic uncoiled inside her , chewed at her self-control . 
 she lurched to her feet , clenching her hands to quell the shaking . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about this now . '' 
 `` of course you do n't . 
 you never have . '' 
 she faced the six-hole windsor stove that had been her mother 's pride and joy . 
 `` and i never will . '' 
 she tried to make the words sound strong and defiant , but the best she could manage was a watery plea . 
 `` okay , come on back to the table . '' 
 she composed herself , then turned around and went to her seat . 
 `` just do n't mention mr. stone again . 
 i 'd like to keep my supper down . '' 
 they lapsed into a familiar silence , punctuated by the gentle wheezing of rass 's breath and the tinny echo of their silverware on the crockery plates . 
 finally she pushed her half-empty plate away and leaned back in her chair . 
 `` good supper , '' rass said quietly . 
 she glanced at her father , surprised by the depressed sound of his voice . 
 and immediately wished she had n't . 
 he looked inestimably sad tonight ; his once bright eyes were rheumy and dull . 
 and he had n't eaten much of his supper . 
 he was thinking about mama again . 
 she wished she could touch him right now , tell him she understood his sorrow . 
 but it had been years since she 'd done something like that . 
 she did n't even know what to say to him anymore . 
 and somehow , every time she tried to reach out to him , she did the wrong thing , or said the wrong thing , or kept silent when she should have spoken . 
 she 'd never really noticed how bad it was until her mother died . 
 after that , mariah and rass sort of drifted apart . 
 she did n't want it that way . 
 she wanted ... more . 
 he.eased back from the table . 
 `` well , i think i 'll go up and read . 
 i 'm halfway through that treatise by professor mittlebaum . '' 
 `` really ? 
 is it any good ? '' 
 he smiled , but even that was a poor imitation of the old days . 
 `` his evidence seems to bolster my theory that pike 's peak is the place to start digging . '' 
 sadness tried to creep in on her , but she pushed it away . 
 `` that 's wonderful . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he sighed wistfully . 
 `` maybe someday we 'll go there together . '' 
 he said the words softly , and mariah could tell that he tried to sound hopeful . 
 tried and failed . 
 and no wonder . 
 it was a sentence he 'd said before , too often . 
 the words sliced past her brittle armor and pierced her heart . 
 it was another disappointment , another little way she 'd let her father down . 
 they both knew she would n't be trekking to colorado with him . 
 it had been years since she 'd even left the farm . 
 he pushed slowly to his feet . 
 `` well , i 'll see you in the morning . '' 
 mariah forced a smile . 
 `` good . 
 i 've a long list of chores for mr. stone . 
 if he 's still here . '' 
 `` he will be . '' 
 `` i doubt it , but if he is , we might as well get our money 's worth . 
 no telling how long he 'll stay . '' 
 `` where were you thinking of starting him tomorrow ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 the porch needs whitening ... and the apples might be ready . '' 
 ` the apples ... your way ? '' 
 she stiffened , stung by his criticism . 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with the way i harvest the apples . '' 
 `` course not . '' 
 he smiled tiredly down at her . 
 `` night . '' 
 `` night , rass . 
 see you at five-twenty . '' 
 `` five-twenty . '' 
 he shuddered . 
 `` god , i hate farmers ' hours . '' 
 mariah smiled at the familiar complaint and got to her feet . 
 as soon as her father left the room , she started clearing the table and stacking the dirty dishes on the slopstone . 
 maybe someday we 'll go there together . 
 she gazed out the window , trying to banish the hurt . 
 through the shadowy , moonlit darkness of the farm , she saw it , marching across the property in a straight , arrow-tipped line . 
 the fence . 
 she closed her eyes , unable to look at it . 
 but the darkness did n't help , did n't take away the shameful sting of her past . 
 or the irrationality of her fear . 
 once , long ago , she had n't been afraid to leave the farm . 
 she 'd run through that gate with ease , laughing all the way to the train . 
 sixteen years old , she 'd been , full of life and fire and dreams . 
 unafraid . 
 her smile faded . 
 now , what had made her think of that ? 
 it had been years since she 'd thought about those days , those memories . 
 why would they come back to her now ? 
 but she knew . 
 it was because of him . 
 he was reminding her of a past she wanted to forget . 
 she curled her hands around the cool porcelain of the sink and stared out the window . 
 he was making her feel things she did n't want to feel , think about things she wanted to forget . 
 `` damn him , '' she whispered . 
 she 'd spent fifteen years making her life safe and secure , making her heart and soul untouchable . 
 and now mr. shiftless sauntered in here and wanted to change all that . 
 she would n't have it . 
 she 'd worked too hard to forget to let some no-account drifter make her remember . 
 somehow , she had to get rid of him . 
 mad dog set his plate down and stood up , stretching his arms . 
 the cool autumn night wrapped around him , wreathed him in the tangy scents of ripening fruit and dying leaves . 
 a million stars twinkled in the velvet sky . 
 god , he felt good . 
 he had a place to sleep , clean hair , and a full stomach . 
 he could n't ask for more . 
 out of the corner of his eye , he saw something move . 
 he slowly brought his arms down to his sides . 
 in the distance , the barn was a sharp-roofed hump of black against the night sky . 
 a huge tree , its leafy limbs silhouetted against the starry heavens , stood guard . 
 there was another flash of movement . 
 mad dog felt rather than saw it . 
 the hair on the back of his neck prickled . 
 his gaze narrowed . 
 nothing moved . 
 not even a whisper of a breeze swept across the too quiet land . 
 mad dog relaxed . 
 his fists unfurled . 
 he 'd spent too many nights alone on the road , straining to hear the first sign of danger . 
 now he was imagining a threat where there was nothing but peace and stillness . 
 bending , he picked up the empty plate and went to the door . 
 quietly he turned the knob and pushed the door open . 
 a wedge of light snaked through the opening and warmed him . 
 mariah was standing at the sink , staring out the window . 
 her eyes were dry , but he had a strange feeling that she was near tears . 
 she did n't seem to notice that the door had opened . 
 mad dog 's gaze followed hers out the window . 
 he frowned . 
 there was nothing out there except shadowed fields and the picket fence . 
 what was she looking at ? 
 he studied her . 
 her normally erect carriage was curved somewhat , softened . 
 flyaway wisps of curly brown hair had fallen from the tight knot at the base of her neck , creating a wavery curtain along the pale flesh of her cheek . 
 her fingers were curled in a white-knuckled death grip on the sink 's rim . 
 she reminded him of a woman he 'd known in his youth . 
 etta barnes . 
 etta had lost her husband in the war , and she 'd never been the same afterward . 
 her skin had lost its color , her eyes their sparkle . 
 and sometimes , if mad dog caught her just right , she 'd have tears in her eyes for no reason at all . 
 but that was crazy . 
 mariah throckmorton was a reserved , judgmental spinster . 
 what loss could she have suffered , living her whole life on this safe farm ? 
 he had to be imagining the sorrow in her face . 
 what trouble could she have had in her staid , well-ordered little life ? 
 probably planted petunias in the rose garden . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 she jumped and spun around . 
 `` mr. stone ! '' 
 `` sorry , '' he said softly . 
 `` i did n't mean to startle you . '' 
 `` i-it 's fine . '' 
 she smoothed the hair from her face in a nervous motion . 
 `` i was just daydreaming , anyway . '' 
 she smiled thinly . 
 `` not a very worthwhile pastime , to be sure . '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i dream all the time . '' 
 a change came over her at his words . 
 she stiffened . 
 mad dog felt as if the room 's temperature had just dropped twenty degrees . 
 `` my point exactly . '' 
 they stared at each other in silence . 
 mad dog did n't know what to say to her now . 
 the softness was gone from her eyes , but the memory of it lingered in his mind , calling to him , beckoning . 
 and all of a sudden she intrigued him . 
 he wondered what kind of woman lay hidden beneath all that drab brown muslin . 
 `` breakfast is at five-twenty , '' she said finally . 
 `` do n't be late . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` five-twenty , huh ? 
 not five-fifteen or five-thirty , but five-twenty . 
 rather regimented , is n't it ? '' 
 `` that 's the way i like it . 
 if you do n't - '' she paused , looked at him hopefully '' - you know where the door is . '' 
 `` just trying to be friendly . '' 
 she bristled and threw her nose in the air . 
 `` i hardly need a friend like you . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said , watching her steadily . 
 `` could be i 'm exactly what you need . '' 
 `` go to bed , mr. stone . 
 tomorrow will be a long day . '' 
 her voice was cold and hard , but there was an underlying tremble in it that piqued his interest even more . 
 as if she were working very hard to remain aloof . 
 as if she were hiding something . 
 `` good night , miss throckmorton . 
 i 'll see you at five-nineteen . '' 
 `` good night , mr. stone . 
 hopefully i wo n't see you at all . '' 
 jake stood at the fence , gazing out over the darkened fields . 
 the farmhouse rose from the shadows like a pale white crown atop a sheet of brown wool . 
 smoke spilled from the chimney , its acrid scent riding on the night air . 
 red-gold light illuminated the windows , turning them into hazy , welcoming squares against the whitewashed walls . 
 a painful ache seeped through jake 's chest . 
 the house reminded him of another place , another time . 
 a time when he was never hungry or lonely or cold , a time when no door had ever been closed to him . 
 he shut his eyes . 
 the lingering echo of musical laughter haunted him , brought the sharp sting of tears behind his eyelids . 
 she would hate what he 'd become , hate what he was doing . 
 it 's a waste of time , jacob . 
 you ca n't make someone care ... he wished he could say that was n't what he wanted , was n't why he was here , but he could n't lie to himself . 
 not in the long , cold , lonely nights on the road . 
 he knew exactly why he followed mad dog , and knew , too , that it was a fantasy that would never come true . 
 he 'd only be hurt again ; he knew that , knew it with a certainty that made him feel sick and shaky inside . 
 he 'd tried for years not to care , tried not to believe in miracles and happy endings , but he could n't manage it . 
 somewhere inside him was a voice that never stopped , a heart that never gave up . 
 his mother and grandfather had tried to make him see the truth a thousand times . 
 a thousand times they 'd failed . 
 that secret part of him kept dreaming . 
 but the dream was beginning to tarnish , dulled by too many freezing nights and sweltering days and too much loneliness . 
 he glanced at the farmhouse again . 
 at the sight of it , so warm and welcoming and homey , something inside him twisted hard . 
 he wanted to belong in a place like this again , wanted to have someone tell him he was welcome . 
 welcome . 
 the word brought a quiver of response . 
 he squeezed his eyes shut , trying to be grown-up . 
 but he was so hungry and alone and afraid . 
 life on the road was killing him slowly . 
 he wanted to stop worrying that he would get sick and die alone , or that a train would run over him , or that he 'd starve in the winter 's coldness . 
 he wanted someone to sit beside him and brush the too long hair from his eyes , or touch his forehead when he felt ill . 
 he wanted his mother back ... hot tears slipped from his eyes and slid down his cheeks . 
 he barely noticed . 
 they were familiar , these tears , as familiar as the cowardice that made him follow but never act . 
 he was so tired of trying to be strong . . . . 
 bowing his head , he turned away from the farmhouse that stirred too many memories . 
 in the distance , an animal howled . 
 the sound throbbed on the gentle breeze , then dwindled into nothingness . 
 he crept through the darkness toward the barn . 
 twigs snapped beneath his heels , leaves crinkled , but other than the nervous nickering of the horse in the pasture , the world was still and quiet . 
 he passed an apple tree and grabbed several , stuffing the ripe , red fruit into his sack . 
 then he raced across the farm and disappeared in the barn . 
 behind him , the huge , cross-beamed door slammed shut . 
 somewhere a cow mooed . 
 dusty darkness curled around him , thick and smothering . 
 gripping his bag , he cautiously crossed the hard-packed dirt floor and felt for the loft ladder . 
 when he found it , he clambered up the creaking wooden rungs and flung himself onto the soft piles of hay . 
 he closed his eyes and smiled , inhaling the familiar scent . 
 this was heaven . 
 he had n't slept on something this soft in the four months he 'd been following mad dog . 
 he lay there a long time , almost falling asleep . 
 then hunger roused him . 
 sitting up , he burrowed through his pack and pulled out the apples . 
 greedily he ate three of them , then flopped back down and tried to sleep . 
 the spasms came on suddenly , clutching and twisting his stomach . 
 he stumbled to the loft window and shoved it open , sticking his head into the cool night air . 
 he retched until there was nothing more to throw up . 
 the bile splashed on the dark ground below . 
 trembling , he closed the window and crawled into the corner , curling into a tight , miserable ball . 
 tears stung his eyes and mixed with the clammy sweat on his face . 
 stalks of hay stuck to his damp cheeks . 
 the sour odor of vomit hovered in the dusty air . 
 god , he was tired of this . 
 ... he closed his eyes and prayed for a night without nightmares . 
 he needed sleep , needed it something awful , because tomorrow it would start all over again . 
 mad dog would leave this wonderful little farm and hit the road for some smoke-filled hellhole in the bad part of town . 
 and jake would follow . 
 he had nowhere else to go . 
 chapter four rass glanced at his precious specimens , now lined with military precision along the shelf above his desk . 
 mariah had been at it again . 
 he shook his head slowly and crossed to the window . 
 pushing aside the lacy curtain , he gazed outside . 
 the land , his land , looked as it always looked in the first short evenings of autumn . 
 night was beginning to creep in . 
 the sky was an endless lake of midnight blue studded with diamondlike stars . 
 greta 's grave was a dim glimmer of pale gray against the velvet shadow of the grass . 
 the bunkhouse was an indistinct white square against the advancing night . 
 he stared at the little building , wondering about the man within . 
 though he would n't have admitted it to mariah , rass had a niggling sense of worry . 
 of doubt . 
 he did n't know exactly what he 'd thought when he tacked the slip of paper to the wall at ma 's diner , but he knew what he 'd expected . 
 a husband for mariah . 
 someone to take care of her when rass was gone . 
 what he 'd gotten was an irresponsible drifter with a ready smile and itchy feet , a man who moved on but never moved in . 
 at first , rass had meant to tell mad dog the job was filled . 
 he 'd even opened his mouth to say the words , then he 'd looked into mad dog 's eyes . 
 really looked , in the way greta had taught him . 
 and there , beyond the cocky grin and the easy going manner , he 'd seen the same quiet loneliness he saw when he looked in his daughter 's eyes , or , lately , in his own . 
 somehow , they were the same , the three of them . 
 the surprising thought had come to him out of the blue . 
 then a breeze touched his forehead in almost a caress , and he 'd sworn it carried with it the lavender-sweet scent of his late wife . 
 and so , without even thinking , he 'd invited mad dog into his home . 
 but now , without the breeze , he was n't so sure . 
 sighing , he rested his forehead on the cold window . 
 `` what do i do , greta ? 
 i 've got to take care of her . . . . '' 
 for a split second he found himself actually waiting for an answer . 
 but , of course , there was nothing ; no sound in the lonely room except for the whispered cant of his own breathing . 
 he was alone , he reminded himself for the millionth time in the eight months since greta 's death . 
 there was no one to bounce his ideas off of , no one to give him the advice he needed so desperately . 
 he drew away from the window , let the curtain flutter back into place . 
 the house was depressingly quiet , without even an echoing remnant of the laughter that had once filled its walls . 
 without greta , it had lapsed somehow from a home to a house , and he had no idea how the transformation had occurred . 
 he knew only that he missed what this place had once been , missed it desperately . 
 without greta 's guiding hand , he and mariah had become strangers , hearing without listening , talking without communicating . 
 somehow , everything he said to his daughter was wrong , or her reaction made it feel wrong . 
 he knew it , could see it in the stiffening of her back or narrowing of her eyes ; he could hear it in the reedy , defensive tone of her voice . 
 he knew instantly when he 'd said something wrong , but he did n't know how to correct it . 
 she was so ... remote sometimes . 
 and she was hurt so very easily . 
 ah , mariah , he thought , feeling a familiar surge of regret . 
 they were together now , but someday she 'd be jl alone , rattling around in this big house with no one to talk to . 
 he was an old man , and old men died . 
 and what would she do then ? 
 that was the question that had prompted him to tack the ad to the diner wall . 
 he could n't leave her alone and lonely and closed off from the world around her . 
 he 'd let her hide here with him too long . 
 years ago , when she 'd first come back , humiliated and emotionally battered , he should have forbidden her to return . 
 he should have forced her to recuperate in the real world , instead of allowing her to lick her wounds here , in safety . 
 because he and greta had been so soft and forgiving and safe , mariah had never healed . 
 for a while , they 'd thought she was improving . 
 her smile came back ; the bounce in her step returned . 
 she was , if not the impetuous , passionate child of her youth , at least content . 
 then they noticed her reluctance to leave the farm . 
 at first it was a family joke . 
 mariah could n't open the gate . 
 mariah could n't go to town . 
 greta and rass had laughed loudly , then quietly , and then not at all . 
 he and greta had handled it badly . 
 he saw that now . 
 they should n't have allowed her to remain within the safety of the white picket fence . 
 they should have pushed her out . 
 it was a lesson well learned . 
 they 'd let her have her way because she was in pain . 
 because she 'd lost so much . 
 no more , he vowed silently . 
 now the stakes were too high . 
 no matter how hard he had to be or how cold , he had to force mariah to break down her defenses . 
 she 'd grieved long enough-or not at all . 
 he was n't quite sure which . 
 but either way , it was time for a change . 
 now , finally , she had to face the fear that kept her trapped behind the ordinary picket fence . 
 maybe mad dog was a pisspoor choice . 
 but he was here , and he was an interruption in the carefully ordered routine of her life . 
 she could n't ignore him . 
 maybe he 'd make her laugh , maybe he 'd make her cry , maybe he 'd make her scream in frustration , maybe he 'd scare the be-jesus out of her . 
 rass did n't care . 
 as long as he made her feel something . 
 for once , she would n't have her father looking out for her . 
 no matter what happened , what mad dog said to her , how upset she got , rass was n't going to step in and protect her . 
 this time she was on her own . 
 at precisely five o'clock , the bee alarm clock rang . 
 mariah was already awake , sitting stiff as a nail , her gritty eyes staring at nothing . 
 absently she swatted the clock . 
 dark silence tumbled around her , broken only by the erratic , anxious cant of her breathing . 
 day two with mad dog stone . 
 she let out an irritated sigh and stood up . 
 shoving her feet in her slippers , she padded to the commode and poured a generous amount of water into the crockery basin , washing her face and brushing her teeth quickly . 
 she finger-combed her unruly , ringlet-curled hair and coiled it into a thick , no-nonsense chignon at the base of her neck . 
 only the wispiest corkscrews escaped her practiced hand . 
 she 'd made a mistake yesterday , a mistake she had no intention of repeating . 
 she 'd let mad dog get to her . 
 she shuddered at the memory . 
 it was inexcusable , and stupid to boot . 
 how could she have let him frighten her ? 
 she 'd grown up a lot in the years since her girlish infatuation with stephen . 
 no one could hurt her like that again - and certainly not the same kind of shiftless , lying loser as before . 
 passion no longer beckoned her with a sly , seductive voice . 
 she was content here , and she was safe . 
 no drifter with an easy smile could threaten her . 
 she was n't afraid of him , she told herself firmly . 
 she was simply irritated by his presence . 
 he did n't belong here , and she wanted him gone . 
 she wanted everything to go back to the way it was before . 
 silent . 
 safe . 
 contained . 
 the walnuts had n't worked . 
 so she 'd try something else . 
 anything else . 
 she 'd keep trying , over and over again with increasingly disgusting chores , until he went , screaming , in the other direction . 
 and she knew just what to try next . 
 smiling at the thought , she went to the armoire and flung the mirrored doors open , reaching blindly into the darkness . 
 it did n't matter what gown she chose ; it never did . 
 ever since the day she 'd returned home , she 'd worn nothing but brown . 
 the drab color made her feel unobtrusive . 
 safe . 
 no one noticed a woman in brown . 
 she slipped into a coffee brown linsey-woolsey dress and tied a washed-out apron over it . 
 securing a brown and white striped bonnet loosely around her throat , she sailed out of her bedroom . 
 a quick knock at her father 's door wakened him , and then she was down the stairs . 
 within moments , she had a fire going in the stove and coffee brewing . 
 she hauled the heavy cast-iron frying pan out of the dresser and slammed it on the stove top . 
 while it was heating up , she pulled some leftover cornbread and hard-boiled eggs from the metallic ice rack . 
 packing them in cheesecloth , along with some pickles and cider , she stuffed everything into a wicker basket and headed outside . 
 she almost ran into mad dog on the porch . 
 his bare , hairy chest filled her vision . 
 she tried to look away ; her gaze dropped , and snagged on the sagging drawstring waistband of his drawers . 
 heat scorched her throat and fanned up her cheeks . 
 `` miz throckmorton , '' he drawled , scratching his nak * d chest . 
 `` what a pleasant surprise . '' 
 she jerked her chin up-anything to keep from staring at his chest-and found herself gazing into warm , inviting gray eyes . 
 he smiled down at her . 
 the flesh around his eyes crinkled invitingly , his thick mustache bunched up . 
 she drew in a sharp breath and stiffened , shoving the basket toward him . 
 `` here 's your breakfast . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 that was all he said , just `` thanks , '' but in the dark , chilly beginnings of an autumn morning , his voice sounded warm and rich and ... beguiling . 
 mariah shivered at the intensity of her reaction to it . 
 `` you cold ? '' 
 she winced at his perceptiveness and felt suddenly exposed . 
 `` no , '' she snapped . 
 `` i am not cold , and it would n't be any of your business if i were . '' 
 she crossed her arms and glared at him . 
 `` get dressed and meet me here in one hour . 
 farm work starts early . '' 
 `` that 's only one of the things i hate about it , '' he said with a throaty , vibrating laugh . 
 `` i suppose you 've concocted an especially enticing chore for me this morning ? '' 
 she felt just a tinge of satisfaction . 
 `` i have . '' 
 his cocky grin faded . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` the pigpen . '' 
 by four o'clock that afternoon , mad dog realized he 'd been lied to . 
 all his life he 'd heard that pigs were smart animals . 
 but now , after mucking through their shit for six hours , he knew it was a hoax . 
 pigs were the dumbest , dirtiest animals on the face of the earth . 
 he jammed the shovel in the thick , oozing mud and rested against the wooden handle . 
 she was doing it to him again , trying to kill him . 
 he closed his eyes briefly , feeling the once comforting and now brutal warmth of the sun on his face . 
 yanking his hat down over his eyes , he wondered fleet-ingly if a man could sleep standing up . 
 a hog bumped against his legs and sniffed at his crotch . 
 he stumbled sideways . 
 his boots caught in the pungent muck and he fell , face-first , into the goo . 
 when he looked up , he saw a pair of prim , lace-up canvas boots . 
 `` need a hand , mr. stone ? '' 
 gritting his teeth , mad dog planted his bare hands in the mud and pushed upward . 
 through a painful blur , he saw miss button-up looming in front of him like some evil brown bird of prey . 
 she was standing behind the low-slung slatted fence , her feet ankle to ankle , her small , pale hands at her sides . 
 a dull brown-striped sunbonnet shielded her face , but nothing could hide her superior smile . 
 it was as bright as the sun . 
 and her eyes were glitteringly hard . 
 she was gloating again . 
 he moved fast . 
 launching himself forward , he took hold of her hand in a greasy , oozing grip and hauled himself to his feet . 
 `` why , thanks , miz throckmorton , '' he said , standing directly in front of her , `` a hand is exactly what i needed . '' 
 a look of pure horror twisted her face . 
 she stared down at her muddy hand and skirt . 
 then she snapped her gaze to his , and this time there was no superior smile , no condescension . 
 only white-hot anger . 
 `` i should have known . . . '' 
 he grinned and tipped his filthy hat back . 
 `` of course you should have . '' 
 `` are you finished ? '' 
 he nodded and swept a hand toward the pen . 
 `` the containers are clean , the water trough is fixed , the beds are raked , the manure 's piled , the mud is chunkless , and those goddamn hogs are as pink as a baby 's butt . '' 
 she gave him a curdled , disapproving frown . 
 `` good . '' 
 `` and best of all , i 'm still here . '' 
 he clapped his hands together . 
 mud flew on impact . 
 `` now - '' she lurched backward a second too late . 
 dark , slimy specks splattered her dress . 
 `` sorry about that . '' 
 he smiled broadly . 
 `` guess you shoulda stayed away from the work area . '' 
 `` i did n't think there 'd be one . '' 
 `` seems i 'm making a habit of proving you wrong . '' 
 she said nothing , just glared at him . 
 he tried to brush the muck off his pants , but it just smeared down his legs . 
 `` christ , i smell like - '' he grinned and looked up at her '' - shit . '' 
 `` do n't worry , it 's not a noticeable change . 
 supper 's in thirty minutes . 
 do n't be late to pick it up . '' 
 before he could answer , she was off . 
 mad dog watched her leave . 
 her back was ramrod-straight , her hands fisted at her sides . 
 he did n't need to see her face to know that it was screwed into an irritated pinch . 
 those full lips of hers were probably pressed into a pale white line . 
 he smiled . 
 she might look like a tall , unforgiving bird , but that butt of hers sure twitched nicely beneath all that washed-out brown skirting . 
 ... brushing off his hat , he strolled to the pump and washed in the painfully cold water , getting as much shit and mud out of his hair and clothes as possible . 
 he wished like hell he had n't lost his razor in abilene . 
 he could use a shave . 
 he twisted his wet shirt and stared at the meticulously tended farmhouse . 
 absently he tugged at his drooping mustache . 
 he still could n't quite figure out why he was still here . 
 it went against everything in his nature-working like a common laborer and taking shit from miss button-up . 
 pig shit . 
 he should be on his way to sonora by now . 
 but there was n't anything in sonora that was half as fun as ruffling the schoolmarm . 
 challenging her , testing her mettle , was beginning to be downright fun . 
 she was a surprisingly worthy opponent . 
 she had the tenacity of a goddamn bulldog . 
 he bounded up the porch steps and skidded to a stop at the front door . 
 before he could even knock , the door banged open . 
 rass stood in the opening grinning wide . 
 `` there you are , son . 
 i was just coming to get you . '' 
 mad dog gave his shirt another good twist and then put it on . 
 the damp fabric stuck to his flesh . 
 `` no need for that , professor . 
 i 'm just here to pick up my supper . '' 
 rass stepped back across the threshold . 
 `` pick it up ? 
 no need for that , son . 
 you 're welcome to eat inside . 
 surely mariah invited you ... . '' 
 mad dog grinned . 
 he could practically hear mariah grinding her teeth . 
 `` naw , she musta forgot to mention it . '' 
 `` well , come on in . '' 
 mad dog followed the professor into the warm house . 
 a darkly paneled foyer curled around him , offering a beautiful embroidered bench to the weary . 
 a gaslit hallway led to two closed doors . 
 to his right was the parlor , a cozy room painted the color of summer roses and cluttered with ornate mahogany furniture . 
 family pictures covered the wallpapered walls and littered the tables . 
 rass turned to the left and went into the kitchen . 
 it was a large , square room with a glistening hardwood floor and an oval dining table . 
 a huge , six-hole stove and free-standing sink lined the left wall ; above the sink , a small window flanked by faded yellow curtains overlooked the porch and farm . 
 dozens of pale yellow crockery plates , pitchers , bowls , lay in perfect array in a polished oak dresser . 
 a small icebox was tucked in the corner alongside the sink . 
 the walls were papered in demure yellow and rose stripes . 
 mariah eyed him , a small frown pulling at her mouth . 
 he grinned at her , tipped his hat . 
 `` evenin ' . '' 
 she stared at him , unmoving . 
 rass smiled at his daughter . 
 `` you forgot to invite him in for supper last night . 
 but i remembered . '' 
 she tried to smile . 
 `` i 'm so glad . '' 
 `` well ... '' rass 's gaze bobbed from mariah to mad dog and back to mariah . 
 the silence stretched between them , became uncomfortable . 
 `` sit down , '' she said finally , turning back to the stove . 
 mad dog followed rass to the table and took a seat . 
 mariah dished up supper and sat down across from him . 
 mad dog stared at the food on his plate , feeling strangely uncomfortable for a moment . 
 he felt mariah 's eyes on him . 
 she was no doubt waiting to see if he 'd eat like an animal . 
 and he probably would . 
 he did n't know shit about table manners . 
 in his childhood , there 'd never been a table ; no mother teaching table etiquette . 
 he just grabbed some bread off a passing cart and shoved it down his throat . 
 and lately , on the train line , it had been no different . 
 he could n't remember the last time he 'd sat down at a table to eat a meal . 
 he did n't look up , did n't make eye contact with anyone . 
 slowly , hoping like hell he was n't doing something wrong , he picked up his fork . 
 he cast a quick , surreptitious glance around . 
 mariah was quietly spearing a chunk of potato with her fork , and rass was using his spoon to shove all his food into a single , unappetizing pile . 
 mad dog let out his breath in a relieved sigh . 
 he was n't being watched at all , no one cared in the least about his manners . 
 the irritating sense of discomfort disappeared . 
 smiling , he picked up his knife and started sawing through the sugar-glazed ham . 
 `` so , son , '' rass said , his mouth full . 
 `` where are you from ? '' 
 mad dog took a satisfying taste of potato before he answered . 
 `` chicago . '' 
 `` do you have family there ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` no folks ? '' 
 mad dog smiled . 
 something inside him softened for a second , remembered . 
 `` my ma died when i was a boy . '' 
 rass closed his eyes in sympathy , then said softly , `` i 'm sorry . 
 how ` bout your dad ? '' 
 `` he left one day for a tin of tobacco and never came back . 
 i heard tell he died . '' 
 his gaze caught marian 's across the table . 
 she immediately lowered her lashes . 
 `` i ... i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` do n't be . 
 he was a lousy drunk who could n't hold down a decent job . '' 
 she tilted her chin up . 
 their eyes met again , but neither said a word . 
 he felt a sudden jolt of communion with her , as if she knew what it felt like to be abandoned , which was absurd . 
 the rest of the meal passed in a comfortable silence . 
 when it was over , marian stood up and began clearing the dishes from the table . 
 at the sink , she stacked the dishes on the slopstone and turned on the spigot . 
 water gushed from the indoor pipe and splashed into the metal bucket in the sink . 
 `` mr. stone , '' she said over her shoulder , `` tomorrow is washday . 
 you may leave your things on the porch . '' 
 `` what if i do n't have anything to wash ? '' 
 wiping her hands on her apron , she turned to face him . 
 her narrowed gaze swept him from head to foot , noting the smearing of dirt on his sleeves and shirt . 
 `` you do . '' 
 `` then i 'll do it . '' 
 she gave him a grim smile . 
 `` i 'm sure you will ... someday . 
 i 'd just prefer it was done - '' she sniffed delicately '' - quickly . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` okay . 
 if you want to wash my underwear that bad - '' she gasped . 
 embarrassment or anger-he was n't sure which-stained her cheeks . 
 she opened her mouth-no doubt for a stinging retort . 
 he grinned . 
 `` yes , miss throckmorton ? '' 
 her teeth came together with an audible click . 
 he could almost see her fighting for composure . 
 `` mr. stone , i believe i 'll let you harvest the apples tomorrow morning . '' 
 he frowned . 
 let you harvest the apples ? 
 she made it sound as if she were granting him a rare , undeserved , treat . 
 `` it 's a difficult task , of course , but i suspect that if you concentrate , you 'll do an acceptable job . 
 the whole orchard takes about a week to harvest . 
 we may as well begin while you 're here . '' 
 he understood now . 
 she thought he was dim-witted . 
 `` a difficult job ... picking fruit ? '' 
 she gave him a sour look . 
 `` it is not as easy as it sounds , mr. stone . 
 first thing tomorrow morning , you will go to the root cellar . 
 there you 'll find five barrels . 
 they 're clearly marked : red , mostly red , yellow , green , and rejects . 
 you will then go to the apple orchard-it 's in the west pasture , along the stream-and begin to pick and sort the ripe fruit . 
 i 'll check your progress every hour on the hour . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` you want me to pick the apple , check its color , and put it in the barrel of the corresponding type ? '' 
 she positively beamed . 
 as if she had n't expected him to get it . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 `` do you preserve by color ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the question seemed to startle her . 
 her smile faded . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` sell by color ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then why separate ? 
 no other fruit farmer i 've worked for does that . 
 and i 've picked apples from coast to coast . '' 
 mariah stiffened at the question . 
 irritation thinned her lips . 
 `` i do n't care what other farms do , mr. stone . 
 i have always harvested the fruit here , and that 's how / do it . 
 if you think that will present a problem - '' he laughed and stood up . 
 `` naw , i can do it . 
 i just wondered why i should , but i got my answer . '' 
 she eyed him warily . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 because you like things neat and tidy . '' 
 he looped his thumbs in the baggy waistband of his jean pants and sauntered toward her . 
 just in front of her , he stopped , smiling broadly . 
 `` no wonder you have such a problem with me . '' 
 she tried to back away from him , but the sink held her in place . 
 `` believe me , i have no problem with you , mr. stone . '' 
 he smiled and leaned closer . 
 so close , he could see the smattering of freckles that dusted her nose like specks of cinnamon . 
 so close , he could see the reddish gold flecks that lightened her brown eyes . 
 `` good , then we should get along just fine . '' 
 she did n't move , just stood there , toe to toe with him . 
 `` that 's where you 're wrong , mr. stone . 
 we wo n't get along at all . '' 
 chapter five the tree blocked out the warm , early morning sun . 
 light streamed through the fluttering leaves and dappled the apple-littered grass . 
 mad dog watched mariah work . 
 she was standing on the bottom rung of a wooden ladder , checking apples for ripeness with the focused intensity of a general on the front line . 
 there was something about her right now that piqued his interest . 
 even on that silly , wobbly ladder , she stood as stiff as a marble statue , her chin cocked at a ninety-degree angle . 
 restraint , he decided ; that 's what caught his attention . 
 he 'd never known anyone-especially himself-to show any restraint at all . 
 everyone he knew , male and female , drank too much , moved too often , and died too young . 
 not mariah throckmorton . 
 she 'd probably never danced or drunk or screwed in her whole life . 
 and she was no spring chicken . 
 she was so damned ... fenced in . 
 so controlled . 
 and yet , even with all her rigid discipline , there was sometimes a softness to her that surprised and intrigued him . 
 like the other night , when he 'd seen her staring out the kitchen window at the darkened farm . 
 she 'd looked . . . 
 different . 
 for a second there , he 'd wondered about her , wondered what kind of woman lay beneath the schoolmarm 's drab brown dresses . 
 she 'd looked-absurdly-like a woman who 'd had trouble in her life . 
 he studied her , wondering what she was really like . 
 could she be the kind of woman with a secret past ? 
 or was she exactly what she appeared to be : a judgmental , iron-hard spinster who did n't like her routine upset . 
 the question alone grabbed him . 
 for some strange , illogical reason , she beckoned him . 
 not with the usual come-hither glances and welcoming br ** sts of most of the women he knew , but with something more subtle . . . 
 and infinitely more intriguing . 
 she was a mystery and a challenge . 
 he could n't help wanting to break through that shield , just once , and see how human she was beneath it . 
 if for no other reason than to see if he could . 
 quietly , knowing how much it would irritate miss pay-attention throckmorton , he laughed . 
 she turned on him and crossed her arms . 
 `` and what , precisely , do you find so amusing , mr. stone ? '' 
 `` i just love watching a woman work , miss throckmorton . '' 
 she gave him an uppity sniff . 
 `` no doubt it 's the novelty of watching anyone work at all , mr. stone . '' 
 he gave her a slow , lazy smile . 
 she was rising to the bait . 
 she did n't want to ; he could see it in the stiffening of her back , in the way she leaned slightly away from him . 
 but she was responding anyway . 
 `` i expect you 're right . '' 
 `` now , as i was saying , there 's a chance this tree is ready to be picked . '' 
 she frowned a bit . 
 `` for storage , of course . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 she turned , gave him a knowing nod . 
 `` some apples are best when stored for a while . '' 
 he gave her a pointed once-over . 
 `` that 's true of women , too . '' 
 she did n't flinch , but her gaze hardened . 
 `` a fascinating observation , mr. stone . 
 now i must turn your attention to the work at hand . '' 
 she peered down at him from her elevated position on the ladder . 
 `` you did catch that word , did n't you ? 
 w-o-r-k . 
 you 'll be doing some today if you want supper tonight . 
 unless you think it 's time to just move on ... '' `` now , miss throckmorton , i would n't want to disappoint you . '' 
 `` believe me , mr. stone , that 's impossible . '' 
 he crossed the small field of grass that separated them and came up beside her . 
 close . 
 with her on the ladder , they were of equal height . 
 she stiffened , but did n't draw away , although he was certain she wanted to . 
 `` are you ready to begin working ? '' 
 she asked , careful to avoid eye contact . 
 `` yeah , i 'm ready . '' 
 with a sigh , he yanked the shirt over his head and tossed it on the ground . 
 her eyes bulged . 
 she looked at his bare chest for a second-maybe two-then quickly looked away . 
 `` p-put your shirt back on , mr. stone . '' 
 he was so close , he could see the tiny pulse beating frantically in her throat . 
 she was afraid . 
 he could see it in her eyes , in the sudden flaring of her nostrils . 
 but she did n't try to move , did n't back against the ladder . 
 she looked him square in the eyes . 
 afraid ... of him . 
 mad dog felt an unfamiliar stirring of shame . 
 silence stretched between them . 
 from somewhere came the chattering cadence of a small bird . 
 a breeze came up , rippling her heavy skirts . 
 he wanted to say he was sorry , but the words stuck in his throat . 
 instead , he picked up his shirt and put it on . 
 he heard her sigh of relief . 
 `` so , '' he said , `` what do you want me to do out here ? '' 
 she stared at him for a heartbeat longer , a small , frightened frown lingering in the corner of her mouth . 
 then she tilted her chin and turned toward the ladder . 
 `` you reach for the apple like this , and take hold of it with your thumb and middle finger . 
 it comes off with a gentle twisting motion . 
 ripe fruit parts easily from the stem . 
 if you have to try too hard , let it go . 
 it 's not ripe . '' 
 `` sorta like sex , '' he said without thinking . 
 she jerked back as if she 'd been struck . 
 he winced . 
 `` i did n't mean to say that - '' slowly she turned to him . 
 her face was as cold as carved marble , and there was no hint of emotion in her eyes at all . 
 `` i 'm sure you find yourself very amusing , mr. stone . 
 no doubt whores from here to abilene think of you as god . 
 but here in lonesome creek , things are a little different . '' 
 `` really ? 
 how 's that ? '' 
 she ignored him and plucked the apple . 
 tasting it , she nodded . 
 `` it 's ripe , mr. stone . 
 you may pick the tree . '' 
 an hour later , mariah was finally ready to begin the laundry . 
 she dumped the last bucketful of boiling water into the metal washer . 
 steam spiraled upward , pelted her face as she added the soap . 
 a film formed on the surface . 
 gradually the water turned a dull , opaque gray . 
 she pulled a heap of petticoats , undergarments , and shirts from the wicker laundry basket at her feet . 
 one by one , she dropped the garments into the soapy water . 
 as she waited for the blob of white to submerge , she glanced toward the orchard . 
 mad dog was about sixty feet away from her , half-buried in the big apple tree . 
 he 'd been working steadily for the last two hours . 
 it was the first time she 'd actually watched him work , and she had to admit , she was surprised . 
 but then , everything he did surprised her . 
 it surprised her that he was here at all , and it downright floored her that he stayed . 
 a man like him never stayed on a nowhere little farm like this for three days . 
 had n't she learned that truth the hard way ? 
 he moved away from the tree , saw her staring at him , and he waved . 
 without thinking , mariah waved back . 
 her hand froze in midair when she realized what she 'd done . 
 she yanked her hand back down and plunged it in her apron pocket . 
 damnation . 
 what was it about mad dog stone that pushed so easily past her defenses and made her respond ? 
 she shuddered at the memory of what had happened in the orchard . 
 things had been going along well , she thought . 
 she had instructed him clearly in what was expected from him , had kept her distance , had even ig nored some of his taunting remarks . 
 all in all , she 'd been sticking to her decision fairly well . 
 then he 'd taken off his shirt . 
 she swallowed hard , even now feeling a little queasy at the remembrance . 
 she should n't have looked at his nak * d skin , should have torn her gaze away . 
 but she had n't been able to move . 
 she 'd felt frozen , trapped like a rabbit beneath the searing , unerring eye of the hawk . 
 her breathing quickened , became a painful thumping in her ears . 
 god help her , in that minute , that second , she 'd wanted to touch him , to feel the wiry softness of his hair and the tanned smoothness of his skin . 
 she forced the image away and grabbed the paddle . 
 gripping it hard enough to stop the shaking in her fingers , she rammed the fabric bubble of her petticoat beneath the water . 
 somehow , mad dog stone brought out her old self , the one she 'd spent years trying to demolish . 
 she felt a suffocating wave of despair at the realization . 
 it was n't fair . 
 she 'd worked hard to suppress that passionate side of herself , binding up her fiery emotions so tightly , she 'd almost forgotten their existence . 
 until mad dog stone reminded her with a simple wave or a casual remark . 
 or a bare chest . 
 why ? 
 she wondered , but it was a feeble , empty question . 
 she knew why . 
 the truth was painfully obvious-even to her . 
 she had n't really suppressed her passionate nature , after all . 
 it had simply lain dormant at this peaceful farm , waiting for a challenge to draw it forth . 
 and mad dog stone , drifter , vagabond , good-for-nothing vagrant , challenged her . 
 sighing tiredly , she reached down for the last item in the laundry basket . 
 a dirty gray shirt lay in a lonely heap at the bottom . 
 his shirt . 
 reluctantly she picked it up . 
 the coarse fabric felt rough against her fingers . 
 its sweaty , masculine scent mingled with the humid fragrance of the steam and curled , thick and heavy , around her . 
 she could n't seem to help herself . 
 she closed her eyes and held the shirt close , inhaling the sharp , unfamiliar scent of it . 
 it had been so long since anything foreign , anything unexpected , had come into her life , and she could n't totally deny how it made her feel . 
 for a hazy , unreal moment , she felt as if she were part of a dream . 
 as if the man working on her property were her man . 
 for a second-just a second-she forgot the pain and humiliation in her past and imagined a future she 'd never even let herself consider . 
 a future in which she was something other than a crazy old spinster hiding out from scandal . 
 `` you gon na smell all my laundry ? '' 
 mariah froze . 
 fire crawled up her throat and fanned across her cheeks . 
 humiliation burned in the pit of her stomach . 
 she exhaled slowly and forced herself to look at him . 
 `` are you here for a purpose ? '' 
 `` is that a philosophical question ? '' 
 her eyebrow arched upward . 
 `` that 's a large word for you , mr. stone . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i 'm full of surprises . '' 
 ignore him . 
 `` i 'm sure you are . 
 now , what do you want ? '' 
 he held out an apple . 
 `` red or mostly red ? '' 
 she studied it with a practiced eye . 
 `` red . '' 
 `` this one ? '' 
 suddenly she understood . 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` mr. stone , are you toying with me ? '' 
 a slow , deliberate smile curved his lips . 
 `` miss throckmorton , when i 'm toying with you , you 'll know it . '' 
 the illicit , completely improper remark caused a red-hot spark of response . 
 a shiver worked itself down mariah 's stiff back . 
 she swallowed dryly . 
 `` i hope you are n't suggesting you may toy with me in the future . '' 
 `` i do n't know you well enough to say . '' 
 she pushed the damp hair away from her face and tried to smile . 
 `` honesty . 
 what an unusual approach . '' 
 `` i 'm always honest . '' 
 she snorted . 
 she 'd heard that one before-and from a man remarkably like the one standing in front of her . 
 `` sure . '' 
 he shrugged , as if he did n't care a whit if she believed him-and somehow that made her believe him . 
 she studied him , intrigued in spite of herself . 
 `` you always tell the truth ? 
 even if it hurts people , or makes someone think badly of you ? '' 
 `` sometimes the truth hurts . 
 that 's life . '' 
 `` that makes you a very dangerous man , mr. stone . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` only if you expect something from me . 
 fortunately , no one does . 
 so what about you , miss throckmorton . 
 are you honest ? '' 
 she almost answered , but did n't . 
 she thought suddenly about the dowdy spinster in brown , hiding behind a white picket fence . 
 `` no , '' she said , and the quiet confession surprised her , `` i suppose i 'm not . '' 
 he smiled and walked away . 
 at the pump , he paused and turned back around . 
 `` marian ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` a real liar would have said yes . '' 
 she could n't help herself . 
 she laughed . 
 grinning , he yanked his hat down and walked away without another word . 
 mariah watched him leave . 
 it was n't until later , much later , that she realized he 'd called her mariah . 
 rass kneeled awkwardly and laid a hand on the carved granite of greta 's headstone . 
 the stone felt smooth and cold and comforting . 
 sighing , he leaned back against the giant oak tree that shaded his wife 's grave from the hot sun . 
 above his head , colorful leaves rustled in the late afternoon breeze . 
 every now and then one dropped , twisting and floating as it fell to the ground . 
 strands of sunlight shot through the branches and hit the grassy earth , moving and dancing in a ceaseless golden pattern . 
 hi , greta . 
 the breeze picked up , ruffled his hair in a caress . 
 he felt her presence in the wind . 
 and in the sun and the rain and the silence . 
 she was here with him , sitting invisibly beside him . 
 he squeezed his eyes shut and took her hand . 
 in the emptiness of his own fist , he felt her warmth and it gave him comfort . 
 from his perch on the grassy knoll , he stared down at the farm . 
 mariah was standing in front of the wash-house , doing the laundry . 
 at her feet was a wicker basket ; to her left , the clothesline , now empty . 
 soon it would be filled by billowy garments snapping in the breeze . 
 a quiet sense of sadness pervaded him at the thought . 
 so much the same as every saturday for sixteen years ... ah , greta , what are we going to do with her ? 
 he coughed hard . 
 when it was over , he sagged backward . 
 god , he was tired , and there was a persistent , nagging pain in his left shoulder . 
 it was hell to get old . 
 lately he was tired and sore and coughing all the time . 
 he even woke up tired . 
 down the hill , a movement caught his eye . 
 his gaze followed it . 
 mad dog was walking toward mariah . 
 he stopped at the washbasin and held out an apple . 
 then a second one . 
 a few moments later , he heard the unmistakable-incredible-sound of mariah 's laughter . 
 rass sat up straighter . 
 `` did you hear that , liebchen ! 
 she laughed . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` our little girl laughed . '' 
 the sound recalled a dozen hazy , treasured memories of mariah 's childhood . 
 she used to laugh all the time . 
 she 'd been so passionate about life , so spirited . 
 it had taken all of greta 's strength to keep up with her headstrong daughter . 
 and now , here she was laughing again . 
 for the first time in years . 
 rass whistled softly . 
 maybe he 'd done the right thing after all . 
 maybe mad dog stone was exactly what mariah needed . 
 she laughed . 
 he shook his head . 
 it might not be earth-shattering , might not be a wedding , but , by god , it was a start . 
 chapter six marian wrung out mad dog 's now white shirt and slapped it over the top rung of the wooden clothes bar . 
 fat , clear droplets slid down the sleeves and plopped on the golden grass . 
 beside and below the shirt , petticoats , shirts , pantalets , and sheets shimmied in the cool breeze . 
 she stepped back , blinking at the eye-splitting field of white . 
 a tired sigh escaped her lips as she stretched her aching , chapped fingers . 
 lord , she was exhausted . 
 saturdays were the worst day of the week for her . 
 carrying bucket after bucket of boiling water from the stove to the washtub , turning the tub 's wooden-handled crank for endless , back-breaking hours , wringing out dozens of heavy sheets and feeding them through the economic starcher . 
 and she was n't even finished . 
 on monday she 'd spend countless hours hunched over a hot iron . 
 just the thought of ironing made her feel weak . 
 and hot . 
 and ready for a swim . 
 sighing , she dipped her hands into the now cool rinse water and splashed her face . 
 when she opened her eyes , mad dog stone was standing directly in front of her . 
 he looked as tired as she felt . 
 `` christ , '' he said , sopping his brow with his sleeve , `` what a day . 
 it was hotter than shit for fall . '' 
 mariah managed a weak smile . 
 she was too tired to argue with him over his language-or anything else . 
 `` picking 's hot work . '' 
 `` so 's laundry . '' 
 she smoothed the damp hair from her face with fingers that shook with fatigue . 
 she knew he expected a response , but she was too tired to make the effort . 
 even an insipid nod was beyond her . 
 lord , that swim would have felt good today . 
 ... `` well , if you 're finished with me , i 'm gon na lay down for a while . '' 
 mariah perked up slightly . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he swiped his brow with his sleeve again . 
 `` yeah . 
 unless ... '' `` unless what ? '' 
 he tried to look casual , but did n't quite manage it . 
 `` unless you 'd let me take a real bath ? '' 
 mariah felt a stunning sense of relief . 
 she could n't have concocted a better plan . 
 `` certainly , mr. stone . 
 a shower and a rest would be perfect for you . '' 
 in a resurgence of energy , she spun around and bounded up to the house , racing down the shadowy hallway for the bathing room . 
 for a moment , she was alone . 
 she grabbed two thick turkish towels from the washstand 's cupboard . 
 as she reached for the soap , she heard him come up behind her . 
 he did n't say anything , but she felt his gaze , hot and pointed , on her back . 
 she froze , knowing she 'd need an excuse for the second towel . 
 she could n't think of a single one . 
 mad dog stared down at miss prim and proper . 
 she was burrowing through the towel closet as if it held the crown jewels . 
 and muttering . 
 now , one thing he knew : mariah throckmorton was not a muttering kind of gal . 
 `` something wrong , miss throckmorton ? '' 
 she popped to her feet and slowly turned around . 
 `` w-what do you think of the bathing room ? '' 
 for the first time , mad dog noticed his surroundings . 
 `` holy shit . . . '' 
 she flinched at his foul language . 
 `` how . . . 
 eloquent , mr. stone . '' 
 mad dog did n't respond . 
 he could n't . 
 he was stunned by the unexpected grandeur of the room . 
 he 'd heard , of course , of houses that had bathing rooms like this , but that was back east . 
 and he 'd never actually seen one . 
 it was big , as big as an ordinary bedroom . 
 forest green wallpaper covered the top half of the wall , melting into a boldly carved mahogany wainscoting . 
 the burgundy tile floor gleamed like the flat facet of a huge , single ruby . 
 atop it lay a green and burgundy and black oriental carpet with golden tassels . 
 the faint scent of gas wafted from the brass-sconced fixtures along the wall . 
 ovals of shimmering light slid down the dark walls and puddled on the elegant floor . 
 and the bath . 
 mad dog let out a soft , appreciative whistle . 
 it was a long way from the town water pump he usually used . 
 the shower/bathtub combination was completely encased in carved mahogany . 
 within the dark wood , porcelain glistened like an open oyster shell , clean and smooth and inviting . 
 a row of six shining brass knobs was the only adornment on the otherwise flawless wood . 
 `` i know it 's extravagant ... but my mother loved her baths . '' 
 mariah 's voice was soft and wistful . 
 it pulled mad dog in , made him want to hear more . 
 he tried to find the right words . 
 `` she 's ... '' `` passed away last winter , '' she said quietly . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... '' immediately he regretted the pat , too easy words . 
 she shook her head and looked up at him . 
 though she tried to hide it , sorrow clung to her , a wispy veil that softened her gaze . 
 `` my father 's razor is in the commode 's top drawer . 
 i ... wish you 'd use it , but you do n't have to . '' 
 he studied her . 
 she was asking a favor of him , not demanding or judging or condemning . 
 simply asking . 
 the moment seemed suddenly fragile , worth saving . 
 `` thanks , i will . '' 
 she handed him a towel and a bar of dirt killer soap . 
 `` well , i guess i 'll leave you to your privacy . '' 
 she started to leave . 
 for some crazy reason , he did n't want her to go . 
 `` wait - '' slowly she turned back to him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he had nothing to say to her ; he 'd acted without thinking . 
 he glanced at the towel clutched to her chest and said the first thing that came to mind . 
 `` you want the shower first ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 the word burst from her , then she laughed shakily . 
 `` no , thanks . 
 you go ahead . 
 i 'll wait . '' 
 mariah felt his sharp , penetrating gaze on her face . 
 she shifted uncomfortably . 
 `` well , i 'd best go . '' 
 before he could respond , she turned and hurried from the room , closing the door behind her . 
 in the empty hallway , she sagged against the closed door for a heartbeat . 
 then she smiled . 
 she 'd done it . 
 she hugged the warm towel and barreled from the house . 
 outside , the still hot sun hit her hard in the face , but this time the heat was welcome . 
 although she was dying to run , she forced herself to walk across the yard . 
 at the barn , she paused and glanced back . 
 mad dog was nowhere to be seen . 
 grinning , she dashed around the barn and raced through the fragrant orchard . 
 deep in the back pasture , she came to a bend in the river that created a still , green pool . 
 for as long as mariah could remember , this place had been her refuge . 
 as a child , full of mischief and energy , she 'd come here to play , to splash around in the water , to laugh and yell , to be free . 
 now , as an adult , this place was her escape from a dull and ordinary life . 
 from the detached , emotionless woman she tried so hard to be . 
 here , in the cool quiet of the pool , she could let her stiff facade slip away , let it be lost in the swirling current . 
 for a few precious moments a week , she could be herself . 
 she stood there a long time , relaxing , enjoying the feel of the breeze and the sun on her face . 
 it felt almost like a touch , and she shivered in response . 
 it had been so long since anyone had touched her , really touched her . 
 years ... she closed her eyes , trying not to think about it , battling the wave of sadness that accompanied the thought . 
 it was the price of safety , she knew . 
 isolation meant safety , but safety meant loneliness . 
 it was a truth she 'd known , and tried to accept years ago . 
 but sometimes , like now , she felt her loneliness , her disconnection from the world , so sharply , so keenly , that she wanted to cry . 
 it was such a simple thing , being touched , and yet it would mean so much ___ she pushed the depressing thoughts aside with practiced ease . 
 she crossed the river where it was shallow and went to her usual spot on the other side . 
 slowly she unpinned her heavy hair and shook her head , reveling in the feel of her loose , unbound tresses . 
 finally she peeled off the ugly brown dress and kicked it aside . 
 a breeze molded the thin linen undergarments to her body . 
 she shuddered at the caressing touch of the wind . 
 the lacy eyelet of her undergarments fluttered against her flesh . 
 she unlaced her canvas boots and threw them aside . 
 they landed in a heap with her stockings and dress . 
 leisurely , her arms at her sides , she walked into the river , giving herself over to the one purely sensual pleasure in her regimented life . 
 cold water seeped through the flimsy linen of her underclothes . 
 the fabric clung to her goose-bumped flesh . 
 she went in , deeper . 
 deeper . 
 water lapped at her knees , her waist , her br ** sts , i swirled around her like a lover 's gentle touch . 
 a cool breeze pushed the water in ever-widening circles around her . 
 she dropped her head back into the water . 
 droplets slid along her forehead and gathered on her lips . 
 she tasted the clean , pure freshness of it , and imagined for a moment-just a moment-that she was being kissed . 
 she dragged her tongue along her full lower lip , savoring the water 's sweetness . 
 behind her , the rope lay in readiness , as it had every saturday for years . 
 she took hold of it , feeling the coarse texture of the knotted hemp beneath her slick palms . 
 she let her feet go out from under her ; they drifted upward , floated weightlessly toward the surface of the pool . 
 she closed her eyes and lay there , motionless , floating , feeling the caressing lick of the water against her flesh and the stirring touch of the breeze on her damp face . 
 her every sense felt heightened . 
 the air seemed clearer , cooler ; the earthy , fecund scent of the bank filled her nostrils . 
 she let out her breath in a deep , contsnted sigh . 
 lord , this felt good . 
 mad dog crept through the orchard behind mariah . 
 he knew he should n't be following her-he had no right . 
 but he could n't help himself . 
 she 'd been so damned odd in the bathing room , so unlike herself . 
 he sensed that she was hiding something , and he had to know what a woman like mariah throckmorton had to hide . 
 the rushing babble of the river became louder and louder . 
 at the last lonely apple tree , he stopped and peered around . 
 she was standing beside the river , where a curve in the land created a smooth , jade green pool . 
 beside her , a huge , wind-sculpted oak tree stood guard , its golden-red leaves flickering gently in the breeze . 
 she closed her eyes and reached up . 
 one by one , she pulled the pins from her hair . 
 unbound , the thick , curly brown mass tumbled downward , framing her face . 
 sunlight caught dozens of reddish strands , turning her dull , ordinary brown hair into swirls of mahogany fire . 
 she shook her head for a moment , smiling , then reached behind her again . 
 mad dog swallowed hard . 
 his throat dried up . 
 his heard pounded hard and loud against his rib cage . 
 he started to back away . 
 he should n't be here , should n't invade her privacy - the baggy brown dress slid down her body and landed in a heap at her feet . 
 she kicked it aside . 
 he froze , unable to move . 
 holy shit . 
 mad dog let out his pent-up breath in a sigh . 
 his hands started to shake . 
 he shoved them in his pockets . 
 she opened her eyes . 
 he lurched behind the tree , waiting in silence for her to march up to him and slap his face . 
 finally he could n't stand it anymore . 
 heart pounding in his ears , he peered around the tree . 
 at first he did n't see her . 
 he edged a little more away from the tree . 
 just enough to watch . 
 she was standing in the water now , shivering , wearing nothing except a creamy , scoop-necked chemise and matching drawers . 
 the thin fabric clung to her curves , sculpted her tall , lithe body . 
 mad dog 's reaction to the sight of her was swift and hard . 
 he let out his breath slowly . 
 jesus , he could n't believe the transformation . 
 relaxed , without that godawful pinched expression on her face , she was almost beautiful . 
 the harsh austerity of her features seemed suddenly sculpted , classically chiseled . 
 she walked into the water , submerged , until all he could see was her pale throat and face , and her hair , fanned out and floating atop the jade water . 
 she dropped her head back , wet her hair , and came back up . 
 droplets of water slid down the sides of her face . 
 she licked at one , tasting it . 
 her wet hair was the color of rich coffee ; it made her skin look impossibly pale , her lips incredibly pink . 
 and her eyes ... christ , her eyes were like brilliant topazes against the creamy softness of her skin . 
 reaching behind her , she grabbed hold of something . 
 her body angled upward , floated on the surface . 
 she lay as still as a fairy-tale princess , her body moving in the undulant rhythm of the current . 
 her small br ** sts rose and fell in gentle , even breaths , the hard peaks straining through the wet fabric . 
 mad dog stared at her . 
 it was impossible to look away . 
 there was no trace of the prim , proper spinster in the woman floating so calmly on the surface of the water . 
 in her place was a woman as sensual and powerful as nature itself . 
 a woman who could have a big secret in her past , a pile of trouble behind her . 
 mad dog felt the hardening ache of desire . 
 it throbbed , made his jeans feel tight . 
 for a crazy moment , he pictured himself going to her right now . 
 he closed his eyes , imagining the creamy soft feel of her skin , the hard pinkness of her n ** ples . 
 a soft groan escaped him . 
 god , he yearned to take her in his arms right now , to drag her against his hardness and kiss her . 
 she would taste of innocence , freshness , and surrender . 
 suddenly he wanted to know her . 
 the real her , not the facade she presented to rass and the rest of the world . 
 he did n't want to know the spinster ; he wanted to know the wood sprite who floated half-naked in a lonely pool of water . 
 the woman who might have had `` trouble '' in her life , the woman with secrets . 
 he smiled . 
 who would have thought a nice , quiet little farm like this would hold an honest-to-god mystery ? 
 goddamn , it was intriguing . 
 and the longer he stared at her , the more he wanted to know the truth . 
 under all that drab brown fabric and starched blouses was a woman of fire and passion . 
 a woman he wanted to know . 
 maybe even needed to know . 
 he pushed away from the tree . 
 turning , he headed back to the farm . 
 with every step , he thought about her , wanted her . 
 by the time he got back to the house , he had an honest-to-god goal . 
 he was going to strip the facade from mariah throckmorton and see the real woman . 
 he grinned , feeling a surge of anticipation . 
 this was gon na be fun . 
 jake saw mad dog follow the stiff-looking lady across the orchard . 
 he waited a long time-maybe too long-until mad dog disappeared down by the river . 
 it was jake 's chance . 
 with a quick glance both ways , he made a beeline across the yard and raced up the steps . 
 at the door , he paused and looked around , then cautiously eased it open . 
 it creaked loudly . 
 jake drew in a hard breath . 
 no one yelled at him , or came running . 
 he let out his breath and slipped inside the house . 
 the mouth-watering aroma of simmering stew drew him toward the kitchen . 
 his stomach rumbled loudly . 
 saliva rushed into his mouth . 
 he surged to the icebox and skidded on his knees , wrenching the wooden door open . 
 inside , he found some leftover ham and cold potatoes . 
 he jammed the food under his arm and closed the icebox . 
 he was halfway to a stand when he heard the front door open . 
 he froze for a heartbeat , then dove beneath the table . 
 `` rass , are you home ? '' 
 mad dog 's voice called out from the other room . 
 jake huddled against the table leg , the precious food crushed to his heaving chest . 
 the front door squeaked shut , then clicked . 
 heavy-heeled footsteps thudded down the hallway . 
 another door opened , closed . 
 jake sat there , waiting , his every sense strained to the breaking point . 
 he closed his eyes and banged his head back against the sturdy table leg . 
 he was getting so tired of this , tired of running and sneaking and stealing and hiding . 
 tired of wanting . 
 he wanted to belong in a house like this one , wanted to sleep in a real bed and feel safe at night . 
 he shook his head . 
 he should do it right now , before mad dog had a chance to get away again . 
 jake closed his eyes , picturing for the millionth time how it would go . 
 he 'd walk up to mad dog and demand-demand what ? 
 the familiar question sparked a red-hot flood of frustration . 
 he did n't even know what he wanted from mad dog-so how in the world did he think he 'd get it ? 
 maybe tomorrow , he thought dully , but as usual , the words had no sting , no bite . 
 he did n't believe them for a second . 
 tomorrow would be no different from today , or yesterday , or the day before that . 
 the sound of running water leaked into his thoughts . 
 he crawled out from underneath the table and paused , looking around . 
 then he lurched to his feet and ran for the front door . 
 he opened it gently and peered out . 
 the place looked deserted . 
 he clutched the stolen food against his empty stomach and ran from the house . 
 he was so wrapped up in his own pain , his own failure to do what he 'd set out to do , he never saw the pair of eyes that watched him run back to the barn . 
 chapter seven mariah stood at the range , cooking supper . 
 the sweet and sour scent of baking sauerbraten filled the warm kitchen . 
 boiling water popped at her from the big black pot . 
 pale globs of spaetzle dough bobbed in the roiling surf . 
 beside it , butter slid back and forth in a small cast-iron pan , leaving streaks of thick , boiling gold in its wake . 
 on the shelf above the range sat a crockery bowl full of bread crumbs . 
 everything was on schedule . 
 she smiled . 
 the reassuring organization made her feel good , added to the sense of well-being she 'd felt since this afternoon . 
 she was so proud that she had n't let mr. stone 's presence deter her from her swim . 
 it was important to her , necessary . 
 without it , she ended each week feeling like a raw nerve . 
 the tension started first thing sunday morning-with her first reluctant glance at the graves-and built day by day , until by saturday afternoon , she was close to screaming . 
 the swim removed it all . 
 now she felt strong enough to take on the world . 
 or one weary , ill-mannered drifter . 
 she was sure she could keep her passionate responses to herself now ; she would n't react to mad dog 's taunting . 
 `` go ahead , '' she murmured with a smile , `` take your best shot . 
 i 'm ready for you . '' 
 `` i 'm ready for you , too . '' 
 mad dog 's quiet voice came at her from the doorway . 
 mariah winced . 
 damn him for sneaking up on her . 
 she stiffened and reluctantly glanced at him . 
 he was standing in the doorway at a casual slant , one shoulder rested against the doorjamb , arms crossed , hat pulled low over his eyes . 
 she was unaccountably reminded of a lion , waiting in the shadows for its prey . 
 he stepped out of the shadows , and her breath caught . 
 she stared at him , unable for a moment to tear her gaze away . 
 he 'd shaved and changed his clothes . 
 the drooping , too thick mustache was gone , as was the brown stubble that furred his cheeks . 
 his face was strong , with a blunt , squared jawline , and a damnably sensual mouth that was curved in a dazzlingly white smile . 
 he was wearing a clean white shirt that hung loosely on his broad shoulders and gaped at the throat . 
 faded , worn levi 's , bleached to the color of foam , hugged his long legs . 
 blond hair lay curled , thick and soft-looking , against his limp collar . 
 sweet god , he was a good-looking man . 
 nothing could have irritated her more . 
 `` it is n't polite to sneak up on people , '' she said stiffly . 
 `` did you really expect politeness from me ? '' 
 a traitorous smile tugged at her mouth . 
 she immediately bit it back . 
 damn him for making her smile . 
 `` no . '' 
 he pushed his hat back and sauntered toward her , slowly . 
 his bootheels clicked on the planked floor , his even , gentle breathing filled the air between them . 
 his eyes were fixed on her , as if he were searching for something . 
 she smoothed a nonexistent wrinkle from her apron and turned away from him . 
 `` you may sit down , mr. stone . 
 supper will be ready in a few moments . '' 
 he peered into the pan . 
 `` looks like maggots . '' 
 `` lovely comparison . 
 of course , if anyone should recognize a maggot , mr. stone , it 'd be you . '' 
 he laughed . 
 the rich , rumbling sound grated on her nerves . 
 she 'd meant to insult him . 
 almost involuntarily , she glanced up . 
 he was beside her . 
 close . 
 so close , she could smell the clean , masculine scent of his skin and the just-washed freshness of his clothes . 
 his face filled her vision . 
 intense , pewter gray eyes stared into her own . 
 she felt somehow invaded by his look , penetrated . 
 she dragged her gaze away from his eyes . 
 and acci-dently glanced at the vee where his collar lay open . 
 curly , coffee brown hair darkened his suntanned flesh . 
 the sight of it taunted her , tempted her . 
 she yanked her chin up and forced herself to meet his eyes again . 
 `` was there a reason you came over here ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she knew instinctively that she should n't ask , but she could n't help herself . 
 `` w-what is it ? '' 
 he leaned closer . 
 mariah 's heartbeat sped up , whether from fear or some darker , more dangerous , unknown emotion . 
 `` i want to get to know you . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he laughed softly . 
 `` i 'm curious about you , that 's all . '' 
 oh , that 's what she needed . 
 she straightened , careful not to look at his eyes . 
 `` i do n't want you to be curious about me , mr. stone . '' 
 `` i know you do n't . 
 that 's why i am . '' 
 she gave an impatient sigh . 
 `` are you trying to irritate me , mr. stone ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it just comes naturally . 
 one of my few gifts . '' 
 `` your mama must be proud . '' 
 one second too late , she remembered that his mother had died . 
 `` oh , lord , mr. stone , i 'm sorry ... '' she turned to him , not knowing what else to say . 
 he stared back at her , and for once he was n't smiling . 
 their eyes met , held . 
 there was something in his gray gaze that surprised her . 
 a depth of emotion , of loneliness , that seemed vaguely familiar . 
 then it was gone . 
 if it had ever really been there at all . 
 `` you 're forgiven . '' 
 mariah refused to think about what she 'd seen in his eyes . 
 `` well , that was easy , '' she said with a brittle laugh . 
 his smile was back , stunning in its warmth . 
 `` i 'm an easygoing guy . 
 just remember it when i offend you . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 are you planning to offend me ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` no , but it 'll happen . 
 that 's my other gift . '' 
 `` that 's it-only the two ? '' 
 `` well , i throw a mean right punch . '' 
 she stirred the spaetzle . 
 `` my , my , what a repertoire of skills . 
 it must be a simple matter to find employment . '' 
 `` i rarely look for work . '' 
 `` unfortunately for me , you occasionally find it . '' 
 he leaned toward her . 
 for one terrifying moment , she thought he was going to touch her . 
 she tried to back up , but could n't move . 
 he did n't reach for her . 
 his only touch was with his eyes . 
 and somehow that look , that glance , was more intense and physical than any touch she 'd ever known . 
 `` you 're not what you seem , are you , miss throck-morton ? '' 
 the quiet words pierced mariah like tiny , poison-tipped arrows . 
 she tried to think of a flip , sarcastic remark , but nothing came to mind . 
 she stared at him , her lips parted for words that never came . 
 behind them , the kitchen door creaked open . 
 `` hi , you two , '' came rass 's gravelly voice from the foyer . 
 the spell shattered . 
 mad dog backed up . 
 shaking , mariah turned away from him . 
 `` hi , rass . '' 
 her voice was sandpaper-rough and soft . 
 even breathing was difficult . 
 rass inhaled deeply and patted his stomach . 
 `` smells like sauerbraten and spaetzle . 
 my favorite . 
 give me an extra helping , will you ? '' 
 `` sure , rass . '' 
 she bent down and opened the oven door . 
 waves of heat hit her in the face as she eased the big roasting pan from the oven and set it on the range top . 
 she stared down at the steaming roast , barely seeing it . 
 anxiety curled around her insides , cold and hard . 
 she did n't want to be studied by mad dog , did n't want him testing her limits , asking her questions that had n't been asked in years . 
 questions she had been unable to answer in the first place . 
 she did n't want to be `` known '' by mad dog stone . 
 her past was hers , damn it . 
 he had no business probing into things that did n't concern him . 
 she told herself that 's why she was shaking , why she was afraid of mr. stone . 
 she wanted her secrets kept secret . 
 just that and nothing more . 
 but she could n't make herself believe it . 
 there was something besides fear that made her tremble in his presence , something she had n't felt in ... sixteen years . 
 mad dog was chipping away at her resolve , getting past her rigid defenses . 
 he made her angry , made her smile , made her laugh , for god 's sakes . 
 he made her feel alive again . 
 it had been so long since she 'd felt anything for a man . 
 and then she 'd done it all so badly , given her heart completely and asked for so little in return . 
 her own emotions had devastated her . 
 she did n't want to feel alive again , did n't want to respond to mad dog as a woman reacts to a man . 
 she wanted to be employer-employee , nothing more . 
 anything else would hurt too much . 
 of that , she had no doubt . 
 there was no percentage in caring for a man like mad dog stone . 
 the worn , holey soles of his boots told her everything she needed to know about him . 
 he was exactly like stephen . 
 and he was making her feel things , just like stephen had ___ but then she 'd been a young girl , practically a child . 
 the words calmed her , soothed her somewhat . 
 she was n't sixteen anymore and she did n't want the same fairy-tale life she 'd wanted then . 
 now , she was older , wiser , the exact opposite of that starry-eyed adolescent . 
 she saw the world as it was , a cold , inhospitable place where danger lurked behind every corner . 
 she was stronger . 
 mad dog might make her feel things-she could n't deny that-but he could n't hurt her unless she gave him her heart . 
 and god knew she would n't do that . 
 mad dog scooted his chair up to the table . 
 across from him , mariah sat as stiff as a plank , her hands demurely in her lap , her gaze on her plate . 
 she was trying to ignore him right now , to pretend she did n't care at all if he delved into her past . 
 but she could n't quite manage it-either that , or he was getting to know her well enough to see the tiny pleats of worry at her brow and the barest of trembling in her fingers . 
 there was something in her past . 
 as hard as it was to imagine , mariah had a secret . 
 he was becoming more and more certain of it , and the more he thought about it , the more intrigued he became . 
 the more he wanted to know the truth . 
 but he could n't learn anything about her if she would n't look at him . 
 right now she was staring at her plate as if it held the crown jewels of england . 
 she was trying to ignore him-and he could n't stand that . 
 he cleared his throat and poked at his food with a fork . 
 `` these maggots sure look tasty . '' 
 her head jerked up . 
 `` it 's spaetzle , mr. stone . '' 
 rass glanced . 
 his blue eyes had a dreamy , faraway look . 
 `` did someone mention maggots ? '' 
 `` of course not , rass . 
 mr. stone was just telling us about his friends . '' 
 she gave mad dog a too sweet smile . 
 `` it 's an understandable mistake . '' 
 before he could respond , she turned to her father . 
 `` you 've hardly touched your supper . 
 are you feeling well ? '' 
 rass stabbed a slippery spaetzle and brought it to his mouth . 
 `` um ... good , '' he said , chewing noisily . 
 she smiled . 
 `` very funny . '' 
 mad dog stared at her , amazed again at the transformation a smile made on her face . 
 she seemed to feel his gaze and turned . 
 `` what are you looking at ? '' 
 `` i was just thinking how pretty you are when you smile . '' 
 he said the words softly , surprised by the truth in them . 
 she stiffened . 
 her lips pressed in a hard line and she looked away . 
 mad dog frowned . 
 `` i meant it as a compliment . '' 
 she ignored him completely and stared at her food . 
 he plopped his elbows on the table and steepled his fingers , studying her . 
 she was trying to retreat into herself , trying to pretend he was n't even at the table . 
 he had no intention of being ignored . 
 `` so , miss throckmorton , how long have you lived here ? '' 
 she tensed , but did n't look up . 
 `` most of my life . '' 
 `` mariah does n't leave the farm , '' rass said matter-of-factly . 
 mariah gasped quietly . 
 `` i ... i 'm sure mr. stone is n't interested in our private affairs , rass . '' 
 mad dog leaned forward , smiled encouragingly . 
 `` on the contrary , miss throckmorton , your affairs are of the utmost interest to me . '' 
 he 'd gone too far . 
 he knew it instantly . 
 everything about her changed . 
 she straightened . 
 her cold brown eyes fixed on him as if he were a spider on clean sheets . 
 one eyebrow lifted derisively . 
 `` i ca n't imagine why , mr. stone . '' 
 rass set his fork down with a clank and sighed impatiently . 
 `` all this mister and miss is getting tiresome . 
 your names are mariah and mad dog . 
 use them . '' 
 mariah looked at mad dog . 
 he gave her a challenging smile . 
 she did n't return it . 
 `` i can not call a ... human being mad dog . 
 what is your given name ? '' 
 the question caught mad dog by surprise . 
 it had been years since someone had asked his name ; years more since he 'd answered . 
 he 'd become accustomed to traveling in anonymity , unknown and untraceable . 
 he liked being one of the nameless . 
 he leaned back in his chair and gave mariah his best sexy smile-the one that always worked . 
 `` come on , mariah , you can say mad dog if you really try . '' 
 `` certainly i can call you mad dog , but i choose not to . '' 
 she leaned forward , setting her elbows on the table . 
 `` so , mr. stone , what is your given name ? '' 
 he swallowed hard . 
 for the first time in years , he felt a flash of uncertainty around a woman . 
 `` it does n't matter . '' 
 she sat back in her chair , her gaze still fastened on his . 
 `` it seems , mr. stone , that you have a few secrets of your own . '' 
 mad dog turned his attention back to his food . 
 she 'd gotten close there for a minute , too close . 
 and suddenly he did n't feel quite as cocky as he had before . 
 * * * lord , she was exhausted . 
 today had been the longest day of her life . 
 even the bath had n't helped in the end . 
 she felt worn-out and hollow . 
 empty . 
 mariah stood at her bedroom window , staring down at the dark , quiet farm . 
 twilight pushed thick shadows through the orchard and drizzled orange remnants of light atop the bunkhouse 's pointed roof . 
 i was just thinking how pretty you are when you smile . 
 she flinched at the memory of his words . 
 she had n't meant to react , had n't meant to show him such an obvious reflection of her soul , but his words had sucked the strength from her . 
 the sentence , so close to one of stephen 's lies , had cut through her self-control like a blade , leaving her exposed and bleeding . 
 he was getting to her , getting past her guard . 
 the truth was painfully obvious and undeniable . 
 she could feel it , feel him , creeping through her like a virus , leaving a trail of weakness in its wake . 
 no matter how many times she thought about it , how often she tried to rationalize away her awareness of mad dog , the seductive pull of his presence remained . 
 `` you 're attracted to losers , '' she said aloud . 
 but that was n't quite it , and she knew it . 
 she was n't really attracted to mad dog stone . 
 she was ... aware of him , drawn to him in some sick , twisted way . 
 there was a difference-at least she prayed there was . 
 how could she not be aware of him , here on this dusty little farm in the middle of nowhere where nothing of importance had happened in years ? 
 he was like a hot , pulsing tornado on a calm fall day . 
 how did one ignore a tornado in her own backyard ? 
 tightening her arms , she went to her bed and perched stiffly on the edge . 
 she had to stop reacting to him . 
 it did n't really matter if he found out the whole sordid secret of her past . 
 he would n't care , he 'd probably laugh anyway . 
 a tightness squeezed her chest at the thought . 
 it surprised her that still , after all these years , the truth had the power to shame her . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , wishing-for once-that she could cry . 
 she needed a good cry right now , needed to release the penkup frustration and anger that gripped her . 
 but she had n't cried in years , not since that afternoon so long ago when she had n't been able to stop crying . 
 even when her mother had died , she 'd stood at the gravesite , cold and devastated and achingly alone , and unable to cry . 
 her grief had been an icy block of pain pressing against her chest . 
 she heaved a tired sigh and slumped forward . 
 he was beating her down , she could feel it , but she could n't stop it . 
 she was so tired of it all , of lying and hiding and pretending . 
 it had been a drain before , with rass , but now , with mad dog , it was becoming unbearable . 
 if only she had courage-just a little bit . 
 she had everything else : a strong will , a strong mind , a wagonload of grit and determination . 
 everything but courage . 
 that , she 'd lost a long time ago , and she 'd never been able to regain it . 
 if she had , she might not even be here . 
 no stupid white picket fence would stop a person with courage . 
 `` oh , god ... '' she did n't know what to do about mad dog . 
 how to keep her distance . 
 how to make him keep his . 
 all she wanted was to be left alone , for things to go back to the way they used to be . 
 she wanted to feel safe in her own home again . 
 was-that asking so much ? 
 chapter eight rass stood in the kitchen , listening to the quiet creaking of the floorboards upstairs . 
 his breath expelled slowly . 
 mariah was in her room . 
 he went to the icebox and pulled out the leftover slab of sauerbraten . 
 he sliced up the meat and fanned it on a speckled tin plate , placing a couple of potatoes and some cooked carrots around it . 
 then he tucked a bottle of cider under his arm . 
 straightening , he cast a last anxious glance at the stairway . 
 it was still empty . 
 moving as quietly as possible , he went to the front door and eased it open . 
 cold evening air , redolent with the sweet scent of ripe apples , greeted him . 
 the farm lay wreathed in darkening shadows ; the fruit trees were jet black skeletons against the gray night sky . 
 he quietly pulled the door shut behind him . 
 the latch clicked into place . 
 head down , hands curled tightly around the food , rass hurried to the barn . 
 he stopped in front of the closed door . 
 anticipation quickened his tired old heartbeat , made him feel young again . 
 there was a mystery inside his very own barn . 
 he 'd known it the minute he 'd seen that young boy skulking . 
 across the farm this afternoon . 
 someone hiding on the throckmorton farm was a riddle too exciting to ignore . 
 he balanced the plate of food on his palm and gave the door a hard push . 
 it shuddered away from him , scraping the hard-packed dirt floor in its arc to the back wall , where it hit with a thud that shook the wooden structure . 
 up in the loft , something moved . 
 rass ventured to the center of the barn and looked up . 
 pale , blue-gray moonlight seeped through the small second-story window , casting the barn in shades of onyx and steel blue . 
 the loft was a looming black ceiling . 
 he went to the ladder and rested a boot on the bottom rung , peering up into the darkness . 
 `` hello there . '' 
 nothing . 
 `` i 've got some food for you . '' 
 a board creaked overhead . 
 dust and bits of hay rained through the cracks , pattering rass 's upturned face . 
 `` i saw you today . '' 
 he paused , choosing his words carefully . 
 `` i mean you no harm . 
 i just thought you might be hungry . '' 
 silence answered him , yawning and endless . 
 rass was just about to try again when something-someone-inched across the loft toward the ladder . 
 slowly , slowly . 
 the old boards creaked . 
 rass held his breath . 
 excitement pounded through his old man 's heart . 
 he 's coming , greta . 
 he 's coming . . . . 
 a small face peered over the edge of the loft . 
 rass could n't make out the boy 's features amidst the shadows . 
 but a tousled thatch of reddish gold hair caught and held the moonlight . 
 `` whatcha got ? '' 
 `` sauerbraten , potatoes , cooked carrots . '' 
 `` what 's sauerbraten ? '' 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 the boy shook his head . 
 `` naw . 
 i reckon i 'd eat dead spiders about now . '' 
 rass nodded and started to climb the ladder . 
 `` hold on - '' rass looked up . 
 the kid flung a leg over the edge and stared down at rass . 
 `` you 're . . . 
 old . '' 
 rass blinked up at him in surprise . 
 `` uh-huh ? '' 
 the kid shrugged . 
 `` i ... think maybe i should come down to eat . '' 
 rass grinned and stepped back from the ladder . 
 that told him all he needed to know about the stranger hiding out in his barn . 
 the boy had heart . 
 `` i 'd appreciate that , son . '' 
 the boy turned around and climbed down the ladder . 
 rass went to the workbench and lit a lantern . 
 flames flickered to life in the glass globe and filled a small section of the barn with tenuous , throbbing light . 
 the boy peeked around the ladder , eyeing rass spec-ulatively . 
 rass walked toward him . 
 `` i 'm rass throckmorton , '' he said , coming to a stop . 
 the boy edged cautiously away from the ladder and took the plate of food from rass . 
 `` i 'm jake . '' 
 `` well , jake , shall we sit down while you eat ? '' 
 jake glanced down at the plate in his hand . 
 naked hunger passed through his eyes , but he did n't take a bite . 
 `` what do you want from me ? '' 
 rass was saddened by the question . 
 he set down the lantern , then slowly sat down . 
 `` nothing , '' he said softly . 
 `` i just thought you might be hungry . '' 
 jake seemed to think about that for a moment , then awkwardly he sat down beside rass . 
 pulling the plate onto his lap , he stared down at the food for a long , wordless moment , and rass thought he saw the sheen of tears in the boy 's eyes . 
 then he dove into the sauerbraten and chewed noisily . 
 rass watched him eat , and once again he was filled with sadness for this boy who knew what it meant to be alone and frightened and hungry . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 he asked quietly , when jake had finished . 
 jake took a messy , dribbling swallow of the cider and backhanded the moisture from his mouth , giving rass a sheepish look . 
 `` sorry . 
 i 've got better manners than that . 
 i 'm fifteen-sixteen in march . '' 
 rass was surprised that the boy had even heard the word manners , much less be chagrined by his own lack . 
 `` where are you from ? '' 
 a guarded look crept into jake 's green eyes . 
 it looked absurdly out of place on his open , honest features . 
 `` last place was abilene . '' 
 it was n't an answer , but rass let it go . 
 reaching into his pocket , he pulled out a small leather bag and opened it . 
 treasures glittered in the pale lamplight : an arrowhead stone , the wispy remnants of a rattlesnake skin , a small gray wasp 's nest . 
 jake picked up the wasp 's nest , studying it . 
 rass saw the beginning of wonder in the boy 's eyes , and his chest tightened with emotion . 
 it was like his old teaching days at public school no. 27 in new york . 
 it had been so long since he 'd had an eager young mind in his charge , since someone had wanted the useless stockpile of information in rass 's brain . 
 not since he 'd taught geology and history to the digby boy . 
 now , there was a mind , he thought with a smile , and wondered whatever had happened to larence . 
 `` i found that in the eaves of an abandoned farm out toward town . 
 maybe tomorrow you 'd like to go collecting with me - '' jake shook his head . 
 `` naw . 
 i 'd best be moving on ... '' `` i need an assistant , '' rass interjected eagerly . 
 `` someone to catalog my finds and carry them for me . '' 
 jake stared at the arrowhead . 
 a small frown pulled at the edges of his mouth . 
 `` when i was a kid , i used to love rock collecting . '' 
 when i was a kid . 
 rass 's old heart gave a painful twitch . 
 what a sad sentence coming from a fifteen-year-old . 
 `` i 'm seventy-four and i still love it . '' 
 `` my mom gave me a book about rocks . 
 told all about the different kinds . '' 
 `` she must love you very much . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he paused , looked down . 
 `` she did . '' 
 did . 
 rass understood the sadness now . 
 he wanted to say he was sorry , but he knew how useless the words were , how pointless . 
 so he said something else instead , the only thing he could . 
 `` you could stay for a while . 
 move on anytime you wanted . '' 
 jake looked at him . 
 in the flickering golden light , his young face appeared pale , almost fragile . 
 there was a hint of uncertainty in his eyes . 
 `` i ... i 'd like that , but ... '' he glanced down at his hands . 
 `` but what ? '' 
 `` i saw that stiff-looking lady and ... the man who lives here ... '' rass winced at the description of marian . 
 `` that 'd be marian , my daughter , '' he said quietly , `` and our new handyman , mad dog stone . 
 they wo n't bother you . '' 
 jake shook his head . 
 something like fear darkened his eyes . 
 `` i would n't want . . . 
 anyone to know i was here . 
 i 'm not ready for that yet . '' 
 rass understood . 
 no doubt it had been a long time since the boy had felt at home somewhere . 
 the barn felt safer for him . 
 `` well , that would n't be such a problem . 
 it could be our secret for a while . '' 
 his green eyes widened hopefully , as if he had n't dared to hope for that answer . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` really . '' 
 slowly rass pushed to a stand . 
 `` well , i guess i 'd best be getting back to bed . 
 growing boys and crotchety old men need their sleep . 
 i 'll bring breakfast to you about seven o'clock . '' 
 `` thanks , rass . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 turning , rass walked out of the barn and shut the door behind him . 
 the darkness of the night curled around him , comforting in its familiarity as rass walked back to the farmhouse . 
 later , alone in the huge feather bed made for two , he stared up at the darkened ceiling . 
 you sent him to me , did n't you ? 
 for a tantalizing moment , he thought greta was going to answer . 
 he waited , acutely sensitive , for the scent of lavender and the touch of the wind . 
 but tonight there was no answer , save the one in his heart . 
 still , he smiled . 
 for the first time in months , he looked forward to the morning . 
 mad dog made a bed for the first time in years . 
 he spread the crisp , clean linen across the bumpy mattress and smoothed it out carefully . 
 his hand strayed along the fabric , feeling its unfamiliar texture . 
 eagerly he stripped out of his clean clothes and slipped into the bed , drawing the blankets high on his chest . 
 the cool sheets and heavy blankets wrapped around him , cocooned him in a kind of comfort he had n't known in years . 
 god , it felt good . 
 he let out his breath in a sigh and stared up at the ceiling , trying to see into the darkness that huddled above the rafters . 
 but it was impossible . 
 the blackness was impenetrable ; he might as well have been staring into space , trying to pierce the distance between the earth and moon . 
 for no apparent reason , he found himself thinking about mariah throckmorton again . 
 she 'd be in her bed now , the blankets pulled up to her chin , her hair fanned out across the sheets like strands of mahogany fire . 
 no , he decided . 
 braided . 
 she 'd have that soft , beautiful hair coiled and twisted and controlled . 
 always controlled . 
 he smiled just thinking about her . 
 there was something special about her . 
 she intrigued him . 
 no , more than that . 
 she ... drew him . 
 he wondered what she thought about , what she dreamed about . 
 wondered if she was anything like him at all . 
 if she ached for something more in her life than she had on this dusty little farm , that elusive , formless something . 
 he 'd chased that need for years , trying to track it down , turn it into something tangible and real , but it was still nothing more than a hazy dream , a longing . 
 he was no closer to it now than he had been fifteen years and yet still he searched for it , and for some strange , inexplicable reason , he thought maybe mariah would understand his restless longings . 
 strange ... he closed his eyes and stretched out . 
 the cool linen chafed his bare skin , caressed it . 
 the sensation was foreign and vaguely erotic . 
 heat curled in the pit of his stomach and radiated into his groin . 
 he turned restlessly , trying to sleep . 
 but it was too late . 
 he was thinking about mariah again . 
 the next morning , mariah scraped leftover sausage , sauerbraten , and potatoes from the cutting board into the hot frying pan . 
 adding spices and onions , she smashed the mixture into a hash . 
 the thick , pungent aroma of frying onions blasted up at her , bringing tears to her eyes . 
 absently she wiped away the stinging tears and stirred the hot mummix . 
 the roiling , formless mixture bubbled and popped . 
 behind it , a tin of freshly baked cornmeal hoecakes sat warming on the stove top . 
 not once did she turn away from the stove or glance back at the table . 
 then she heard the soft rumble of laughter . 
 ignore it . 
 ignore him . 
 but she could n't . 
 she turned slightly and cast a surreptitious glance at the table . 
 mad dog was sitting in her chair , with his elbows on the table . 
 he was chatting with her father as if they were the best of friends . 
 her gaze slid along his profile , noticing the strength in his squared jaw , the softness in his lips . 
 sunlight shone through the window behind him and wove through his long , sun-streaked hair . 
 marian 's heart felt heavy in her chest . 
 loneliness slid into longing and moved through her body . 
 she looked away . 
 it was n't mad dog stone that caused the ache in her soul , she reminded herself sharply . 
 it was simply his presence , here in her home , talking so intimately with her father , smiling , joking . 
 marian had never had a gentleman caller . 
 it was a fact that had never bothered her until now , this moment . 
 now , when she looked at mad dog , so at home at her kitchen table , she felt a wrenching sadness . 
 a regret for the life she did n't have , would never have . 
 she could n't deny that deep in her heart , she wanted a man in her life , wanted the endless , undying love rass and greta had shared . 
 marian had grown up believing in that fairy-tale kind of love , had seen it every day in her parents ' eyes , had expected it . 
 now , of course , she knew better . 
 though , even now , in the long , cold winter nights , she lay in her lonely bed , staring up at the darkened ceiling , and she ached for its loss . 
 but mad dog stone was n't the answer to her loneliness . 
 she had to force herself to remember that . 
 though he stirred something in her-that was undeniable-it was only loneliness that made her respond to him . 
 that , and nothing more . 
 she forcibly tore her thoughts away from mad dog and focused instead on the breakfast . 
 pushing the hash to one side of the pan , she cracked six eggs into the hot grease . 
 when the eggs were done , marian dished up breakfast and sat down opposite mad dog , careful not to meet his gaze . 
 she focused hard on her food , studying each bite intently . 
 but she felt his gaze on her , hot as fire , stinging as a slap . 
 she kept her head bowed and bit her lower lip to keep it from trembling . 
 her heartbeat was erratic , and she could n't seem to draw an even breath . 
 she felt ... vulnerable . 
 it should have angered her , should have made her mad enough to bury the debilitating emotion beneath an avalanche of cool animosity . 
 that 's how it had worked for years , whenever anyone - even rass-had gotten too close . 
 for years she 'd made herself unapproachable and distant . 
 it had been her armor against an unkind world and a passionate , thoughtless nature . 
 but this time she could n't make it work , could n't shut off her emotions with a mental demand and a steel will . 
 the strange feelings kept creeping back , insinuating themselves into every fiber of her heart and soul . 
 inside her , she felt a darkness growing , consuming her , eating through the self-control she 'd always fought so desperately to maintain . 
 she was finding it harder and harder to ignore him . 
 some part of her , some little silent part she 'd thought she 'd buried long ago , came sputtering to life in his presence . 
 something about him pushed past her reserves and made her see the aching , desperate lack in her life , the loneliness , the isolation . 
 just looking at him , at his easy smile and ready laughter , made her remember what it felt like to be free and unafraid . 
 to be touched and held and loved . 
 god help her , sometimes when she looked at him , she remembered what she wanted to forget . 
 she remembered how good it felt to be held in a man 's arms , how comforting it was to be touched . 
 and it scared her to death . 
 chapter nine `` it 's time for church , '' rass said , pushing his empty breakfast plate toward the center of the table . 
 `` your mother is waiting . '' 
 he gave mariah a bright smile . 
 `` she was never a patient woman . '' 
 mad dog frowned . 
 `` i thought - '' `` my mother 's dead , '' mariah said matter-of-factly . 
 `` but rass still visits her every sunday . '' 
 `` sometimes more often , '' rass added . 
 mariah softened at the quietly spoken words and smiled at her father . 
 `` usually more often . '' 
 mad dog pushed his plate away . 
 `` no church for me , thanks . '' 
 `` it is n't what you expect , '' rass said quickly . 
 he looked at the old man . 
 `` how do you know what i expect ? '' 
 mariah laughed and stood up . 
 `` it is n't what anyone expects . '' 
 he was stunned by the sound of her laughter . 
 it was so unlike her , soft , musical , and yet throaty . 
 somehow it conjured images of dark nights and steamy passion . 
 she frowned at him . 
 `` is something the matter , mr. stone ? 
 you look rather pale . '' 
 he could n't believe he 'd reacted so strongly to something as innocuous as a laugh . 
 `` nothin 's wrong . '' 
 she started to turn away , wanted , he thought , to turn away , but she did n't . 
 she stood there . 
 their gazes locked . 
 something passed between them , something ... compelling . 
 then , abruptly , she turned away from him . 
 he blinked . 
 the strange connection with mariah faded so quickly , he wondered if he 'd imagined it . 
 he tried to remember what they 'd been talking about . 
 oh , yeah . 
 church . 
 he glanced at rass . 
 `` sorry , rass . 
 i try not to be a hypocrite . '' 
 rass frowned at him . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` i do n't believe in god . '' 
 `` i suppose you believe in the devil ? '' 
 mad dog laughed . 
 `` him , i 've seen proof of . '' 
 `` what if i could show you god ? '' 
 mad dog felt a grin start . 
 `` he lives here , does he ? 
 in lonesome creek ? '' 
 rass nodded seriously . 
 `` of course he does . 
 you could just come and see ----- that would n't be hypocritical . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 what the hell . 
 at least he 'd get to be with mariah-maybe even see her smile . 
 `` okay , professor . 
 let 's go find god . '' 
 `` is that what you 're wearing to church ? '' 
 mad dog asked mariah as she came down the stairs an hour later . 
 she gave him a cold look . 
 `` what 's wrong with it ? '' 
 his gaze swept her from head to foot . 
 she was standing perfectly erect , her small , gloved hands properly pinned to her midsection . 
 an austere stand-up collar , unrelieved by lace or adornment , hugged her pale throat . 
 dozens of round black buttons-the only color other than dirt brown on the entire dress-marched from her absurdly high collar to her narrow , belted waist . 
 pointed brown boots peeked out from beneath the plain hem . 
 her hair was drawn back from her head so tightly , he wondered if it was nailed in back . 
 he brought his gaze slowly back up her body and looked into her eyes . 
 `` nice dress , '' he said blandly . 
 she gave him a delicate sniff and walked out the door . 
 he was certain that she wanted to slam it behind her , but she did n't . 
 plunging his hands in his pockets , he idly strolled out of the kitchen and followed her onto the porch . 
 rass was standing in front of the house , holding a bunch of vibrant purple flowers . 
 he looked ... younger , as if the prospect of going to church erased a dozen years from his face . 
 gaiety lit his watery eyes with brilliant blue light . 
 `` are you ready , mad dog ? 
 mariah ? '' 
 `` i 'm ready , '' she answered crisply . 
 mad dog glanced around for the wagon , but there was n't one to be seen . 
 `` you want me to hitch up the buggy ? '' 
 rass laughed , a big , good-natured sound that echoed across the lonely farm . 
 `` we do n't need horses to see the lord , mr. stone . 
 follow me . '' 
 without another word , he took off across the golden fields . 
 mad dog cast an uncertain look at mariah . 
 `` where 's he going ? '' 
 she did n't look at him , but he thought he saw the barest hint of a smile touch her lips . 
 `` god lives in the west pasture , mr. stone . '' 
 he , too , started to smile . 
 `` not in the back twenty ? '' 
 `` there , too , of course , but we visit him in the west pasture . '' 
 he moved toward her , drawn irresistibly by the sarcasm that limned her words . 
 `` you believe that , mariah ? '' 
 she closed her eyes for a moment , then tilted her chin . 
 when she spoke , her words were as soft as the early morning breeze . 
 `` what i believe is none of your business , mr. stone . '' 
 and she stepped past him . 
 he watched her walk on ahead of him , her body held unnaturally erect . 
 the round , thick oval of hair anchored to the base of her neck glinted like a coil of dark fire in the pale sunlight , reminding mad dog of the heat that lay beneath all that stiff propriety . 
 he smiled . 
 slowly and with great relish , his gaze slid down her slim back , past the tight indentation of her waist , to the gently rounded curve of her butt . 
 the often-washed linsey-woolsey of her dress clung enticingly to her backside , swishing with each step . 
 tilting his hat back , he followed her . 
 they made their way to a small knoll some distance from the house . 
 the windswept rise should have been no more than a hump in the unending golden fabric of the field , but even to mad dog it seemed to be more ; a place , not just a bump . 
 an ancient oak tree stood guard over the spot , its gnarled limbs reaching protectively toward a small ironwork settee . 
 beside the chair , a rounded headstone pushed up from the well-tended grass , its white marble gilded by the sun 's uncertain rays . 
 in front of it sat a pottery bowl of dying purple dahlias . 
 mad dog glanced at the inscription on the stone . 
 here lies the body of greta wilhemina throckmorton . 
 wife , mother , friend . 
 april 17 , 1820 to december 23 , 1893 . 
 a sharp pain shot through his insides . 
 he squeezed his eyes shut . 
 aw , christ ... a whisper of wind worked through the oak 's leaves , chattering , welcoming . 
 slowly he opened his eyes , and found mariah staring at him . 
 for once , there was no animosity in her eyes , and no guarded distance . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he felt a sudden urge to reach out to her , to tell her he understood . 
 but he could n't move , did n't move . 
 he just stood there like an idiot , staring at her , feeling her pain mingle with his own to become a cold , heavy block against his lungs . 
 in the end , all he said was , `` fine . '' 
 she eyed him a moment longer , then turned away . 
 moving slowly , as if each step were dangerous , she crossed to the ironwork settee and took a seat . 
 she perched stiffly on the scrolled edge , her ankles pressed tightly together , her hands in her lap , her face downcast . 
 rass moved eagerly toward the tombstone . 
 kneeling , he replaced the dying flowers with fresh ones . 
 `` sit down , son . '' 
 then he started talking to the gravestone in quiet , murmured tones . 
 mad dog walked around the gravesite and came up beside the settee . 
 mariah did n't look up . 
 he inched past her knees-brushing them slightly-and sat down beside her . 
 the metal creaked beneath his weight . 
 she stiffened and scooted to the very edge of the seat . 
 beside them , still kneeling on the ground , rass cleared his throat . 
 `` hi , greta . '' 
 his voice was lower and softer than mad dog had ever heard it before . 
 a quiet kind of emotion suffused it-love , maybe , or reverence . 
 the gentle greeting had a surprisingly strong impact on mad dog . 
 it reminded him of the way his mother had spoken to him so long ago . 
 `` we have a visitor with us today , greta , '' he whispered . 
 `` mr. stone . 
 i have great hope for him . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 mad dog glanced sideways at mariah . 
 she sat as stiff as a hat pin , her gaze stoically focused on the gloved hands folded primly in her lap . 
 she did n't so much as look at her father or the tombstone . 
 even in profile , he could see the tension that held her rigid . 
 her mouth was drawn into a thin , unforgiving line . 
 a network of worry wrinkles creased the corners of her eyes . 
 she seemed ... agitated-even more so than usual . 
 as if she were holding on to her precious self-control by a fraying thread . 
 a sweet , lavender-scented breeze ruffled through the grass . 
 rass closed his eyes and inhaled deeply . 
 a slow , potent smile worked across his face . 
 `` i think so , too , '' he whispered , though the words were lost almost immediately on the breeze . 
 he turned , looked up at mad dog . 
 `` do you feel it ? '' 
 mad dog forced his thoughts away from the woman sitting so silently beside him , trying not to care why she looked so sad and alone and lost . 
 `` feel what , rass ? '' 
 `` close your eyes . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 he did as he was asked . 
 `` listen . 
 hear the wind ... '' overhead , the leaves chattered together , the breeze was a melodic , whistling echo . 
 `` smell the fruit . 
 the apples , the pears ... '' the sweet fragrance of the orchard engulfed mad dog , filled his senses . 
 a reluctant smile pulled at his mouth . 
 he heard rass 's slow , shuffling footsteps crunching through the grass toward him . 
 then came the quiet creaking of old bones , and a gusting exhalation of breath . 
 mad dog opened his eyes and found rass kneeling directly in front of him . 
 `` that 's god , '' the old man whispered . 
 `` he 's not in some church , some building erected by hammer and nails . 
 he 's in us , in the goodness we show to one another . 
 in the love we let ourselves feel . '' 
 mariah snorted . 
 `` ha . '' 
 pain glazed rass 's eyes . 
 he sat back on his heels and drew his blue-veined hands into his lap . 
 `` my daughter does n't believe . '' 
 there was a wealth of tired sadness in his words . 
 she stared down at him , her face curiously devoid of emotion . 
 `` i did once . '' 
 rass met her cold gaze with his own warm , caring one . 
 `` god is n't like a game , mariah . 
 you do n't roll the dice once and then give up if you lose . '' 
 she did n't even flinch . 
 `` let it go , rass . '' 
 `` you let it go . '' 
 she rose slowly to her feet . 
 `` i 'm done with church for today . '' 
 her gaze flicked to the tombstone and stuck . 
 `` tell mama hello for me . '' 
 `` tell her yourself . '' 
 mariah did n't answer , did n't seem even to hear . 
 she was staring at the small patch of clipped grass beside her mother 's grave . 
 something glinted in her eyes , something dark and agonized , then she looked away . 
 without another word , she picked up her heavy skirts and left for the house . 
 both men watched her leave , mad dog sitting on the half-empty settee , rass kneeling in the grass at his feet . 
 neither said a word . 
 then , when she disappeared into the house , rass sighed tiredly and pushed to his feet . 
 walking to the edge of the mowed grass , he stared down across the farm . 
 mad dog went to the old man and laid a hand on his rail-thin shoulder . 
 he wanted to say something to comfort rass , but such a thing was so alien , so totally foreign , he had no idea how to go about it . 
 so he stood there like a fool , his hand planted on rass 's shoulder . 
 `` ah , greta , '' rass whispered to himself . 
 `` our little girl is hurting so bad ----- '' mad dog said nothing . 
 there was nothing to say . 
 then , suddenly , rass turned to him . 
 `` you could help her . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` i do n't even know her . '' 
 `` that 's an excuse . '' 
 mad dog wanted to laugh or turn away , but the blue fire in the old man 's eyes held him in a steel-edged grip . 
 `` maybe , '' he said evenly . 
 the keen intensity faded from the old man 's eyes . 
 a caring warmth replaced it . 
 `` excuses have a way of catching up with a man . 
 even on a backwater farm in the middle of nowhere . '' 
 mad dog stared over rass 's white-haired head . 
 a question hung on his tongue , heavy and demanding . 
 he knew he should n't ask it-shouldn ' t care-but he could n't help himself . 
 something in mariah 's face had touched him , and he wanted to know why . 
 `` what 's wrong with her ? '' 
 `` you 'll have to ask her that yourself . '' 
 `` she wo n't tell me . '' 
 `` maybe not the first time . 
 try again . '' 
 he looked up at mad dog , captured his gaze . 
 `` you 're a fighter , are n't you ? '' 
 `` not in that ring . '' 
 rass gave him a perceptive , probing look . 
 for the first time in years , mad dog felt ... vulnerable . 
 like the frightened , lonely kid he 'd once been . 
 `` not yet , '' rass remarked . 
 mad dog knew he should let the conversation die its uncomfortable death right there , but there was something else he needed to know . 
 he tried to ask the personal question casually . 
 `` that patch of grass by your wife 's grave-what does it have to do with her ... problem ? '' 
 he knew he had n't fooled the old man . 
 rass looked up at him , a smile curving the edges of his pale lips . 
 mad dog felt-crazily-that rass was pleased by the question . 
 `` everything , '' rass answered softly , and then he walked away . 
 mad dog stood there a long time , listening to the cant of the breeze through the autumn grass . 
 colorful leaves tumbled across his boots , swirled and danced above the golden carpet in a wash of green and burgundy and brown . 
 the wind was a low , mournful dirge . 
 the old man was wrong . 
 mad dog could n't ease the sorrow from marian 's face , could n't lift the burden from her shoulders . 
 that was something he 'd learned about problems . 
 you had to solve your own . 
 he put his hands in his pockets and focused on the strand of smoke spiraling up from the chimney . 
 if he closed his eyes-and he was careful not to-he could have imagined mariah inside the house . 
 her skin would be pale , almost translucent , her hands would be shaking . 
 she 'd be moving slowly from room to room , her back stiff , her hands clenched , looking for something to take her mind off her troubles . 
 surprisingly , he wished that rass were right , that he could help her . 
 mariah stood at her bedroom window , staring down at the bunkhouse . 
 a headache pulsed behind her eyes ; every now and then her vision blurred from the force of it . 
 she rubbed her throbbing temples with her fingertips . 
 leaning forward , she pressed her forehead against the comforting coolness of the pane . 
 god , she felt so vulnerable and alone . 
 the shield she 'd cultivated for many years was gone , shredded . 
 it had left her the moment she looked at that tiny patch of clipped grass beside her mother 's grave . 
 oh , she 'd lost her armor before-every sunday , in fact-and she knew she 'd get it back . 
 but right now , without its steel protection , she felt empty and afraid . 
 especially with mad dog stone lurking behind every corner , pushing her-always pushing her-making her feel things she did n't want to feel . 
 making her want things that scared her to death . 
 and rass . 
 god bless him , but he did n't understand . 
 to rass , death was a doorway ; a momentous , anticipated experience in a person 's life . 
 he had no doubt that he and greta would be reunited , and less doubt that his wife was in a better place than he . 
 he could n't wait to join her . 
 but mariah had n't believed in god , or in heaven , in a long , long time . 
 ever since the first time she 'd stood by that small patch of grass . 
 at the memory , pain surged through her ; pain so blinding and intense , it almost brought her to her knees . 
 she sagged against the window and squeezed her eyes shut . 
 `` no , '' she murmured desperately . 
 `` no ... '' but the images came anyway ; she was too weak to fight them off . 
 red-gold hair and murky blue-gray eyes . 
 a pale blue blanket ... thomas . 
 a strangled sound of grief escaped her . 
 the memories battered her senses , left her shaken and defenseless . 
 his tiny , quavering wail . 
 the doctor 's horrifying words , i 'm sorry , miss throckmorton , there 's nothing we can do ... and the blood . 
 sweet jesus , the blood ... `` oh , god ... '' she covered her face and stood there , swaying in the center of her empty , lonely bedroom . 
 she wanted to cry , ached to , but the tears were trapped in a cold , hard block in her chest . 
 `` no more , '' she whispered shakily . 
 her hands slid slowly away from her face and dropped lifelessly to her sides . 
 she would n't think about thomas anymore . 
 she could n't . 
 if she did , she 'd go mad . 
 mad dog stood by the table , his gaze fixed on the stairway that led upstairs . 
 to mariah . 
 he backed away from the table , shaking his head . 
 it was n't his business . 
 whatever memories haunted mariah throckmorton were her own . 
 from upstairs came a whimpering , choked sound of despair . 
 `` christ , '' he muttered . 
 he knew what was wrong with her now , at least part of it . 
 he 'd known when he saw the headstone . 
 and sweet god , he understood her pain . 
 he 'd felt it himself , still occasionally felt it . 
 even now , after all these years . 
 he found himself wanting to say something to her-he did n't even know what . 
 just ... something . 
 and it was n't because he wanted to rattle her or taunt her or make her react . 
 he just wanted to let her know he understood . 
 he did n't know why-didn ' t want to know why-but suddenly it was important . 
 slowly , knowing he should n't and yet unable to help himself , he climbed the stairs . 
 each step was a creaking reminder that he was invading another person 's grief , going where he was n't welcome . 
 it was something he 'd never done in his life ; he was welcome in too many places to go where he had no invitation . 
 still , he kept moving . 
 with each step , his stomach tightened . 
 on the landing , he paused . 
 there were three open doors and one closed one . 
 instinctively he knew that mariah 's bedroom door would be closed . 
 always . 
 he stared at the closed door . 
 now 's the time to back out , stone . 
 he could n't believe he was doing this . 
 he should n't do it , should n't reach out to someone he had no intention of actually touching , but he could n't seem to stop himself . 
 fisting his hands , he moved slowly toward the door and knocked . 
 nothing . 
 then came the shuffling sound of hurried feet . 
 `` just a minute , rass , '' she called out . 
 the door swung open . 
 mariah stood in the doorway . 
 she took one look at him and gasped . 
 her nostrils flared , her eyes widened . 
 she lurched for the door and tried to slam it in his face . 
 his hand snaked out , grabbed the door . 
 she stumbled back , then stopped herself and stared at him through despair-darkened eyes . 
 she was a mess . 
 her hair was an uncontrolled mass of thick , wavy curls that lay half-pinned , half-dangling down her back . 
 her skin was deathly pale , almost gray , and her lips were a thin , colorless line . 
 she looked desperate and vulnerable . . . 
 and achingly beautiful . 
 she swallowed hard . 
 `` wh-what do you want ? '' 
 he moved awkwardly toward her , close enough to touch her but careful not to . 
 he looked down , met her frightened , desperate eyes . 
 he opened his mouth to speak , and found that he had nothing to say . 
 `` please , '' she said in a soft , quivering voice . 
 `` i do n't want to play your games right now . '' 
 it was now or never . 
 he took a deep breath and forced himself to say the words he 'd never said before . 
 `` i ... my mother ... she died on christmas eve . '' 
 marian 's mouth slipped open . 
 surprise chased some of the sadness from her eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` i did n't come up here for your sympathy . '' 
 `` why did you come up here ? '' 
 `` i ... aw , hell , it 's crazy - '' awkwardness suffused him . 
 he turned to leave . 
 she reached for his arm . 
 her fingers curled around his forearm , tightly . 
 he felt the warmth of her skin through the worn cotton of his shirt . 
 a shudder of longing spilled through him at her touch . 
 slowly he turned around , his eyes drawn irresistibly to her hand , so pale and soft against the tired fabric of his black shirt . 
 somehow her touch gave him strength , made it easier to face her and say what he 'd come to say . 
 he looked at her . 
 their gazes caught , held . 
 `` i just wanted you to know i ... understood . '' 
 at his quiet confession , her eyes widened . 
 a gentleness filled her eyes , the emotion so warm and soft , it made mad dog 's heart sting with longing . 
 she tried to smile . 
 he saw the slight trembling of her lips and almost groaned aloud . 
 an aching tenderness unfolded within him . 
 christ , he felt something he 'd never felt before . 
 he wanted to kiss her , to take her face in his hands and kiss the sadness from her mouth . 
 `` does it go away ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 he knew he 'd never forget this moment , never forget the sad luminescence of her eyes . 
 her honesty , like her pain , touched something deep inside him , something he 'd forgotten even existed . 
 `` it fades , '' he said softly . 
 `` it fades . '' 
 she repeated his words quietly , staring up at him . 
 mad dog watched the movement of her lips , mesmerized . 
 he wanted to say something else to her , something profound and relevant that would relieve some portion of her pain . 
 but there was nothing ; he knew that . 
 grief was n't soothed by pretty words or flowers or notes of sympathy . 
 it simply faded in its own time , in its own way . 
 if it ever did . 
 but he had to do something to save this moment . 
 it was so special , so suddenly fragile . 
 he felt a connection he 'd never felt with a woman before . 
 as if some part of her understood some secret part of him . 
 `` maybe you 'd like to go for a walk ? '' 
 he said . 
 chapter ten maybe you 'd like to go for a walk ? 
 mariah stared at mad dog , feeling absurdly relieved . 
 the suffocating weight of grief eased away from her heart ; without it , she felt ... light . 
 it was such an ordinary request , go for a walk , but it had been so long since someone had expressed a desire to simply be with her . 
 she remembered long ago , when she was a young girl , waiting desperately for her father to ask her to join him on his adventure walks . 
 but he never had . 
 he 'd walked with mama for hours , tramping through the grassy pastures , strolling through the sun-dappled orchards . 
 mariah remembered watching , always watching , from the loneliness of her bedroom , until one day she 'd stopped waiting to be invited . 
 now , finally , someone had asked her . 
 a smile pulled at her lips . 
 lord , she 'd forgotten how powerful and potent it was to feel wanted . 
 and how dangerous . 
 that 's why she 'd run off with stephen , because finally someone had asked , someone had said , `` i love you . . . . '' 
 she knew she should say no , should decline graciously and withdraw into the private sanctity of her room . 
 but she did n't want to do the safe thing right now . 
 she wanted to feel connected to the world , appreciated and cared for and cosseted . 
 that 's what his offer was : a chance to pretend to be something other than a frightened old spinster with a sordid past . 
 a chance to be someone else-if only for a few moments . 
 she could no more deny him right now than she could cry . 
 `` let me get my bonnet . 
 wait here . '' 
 she left mad dog standing in the doorway and hurried into her room . 
 she grabbed a handful of hairpins from the cracked china saucer on her dresser and re-coiled her hair as she walked back to the door . 
 mad dog stood in the doorway , waiting . 
 she smiled and pulled a hairpin from her teeth , ramming it into the tight coil at the base of her neck . 
 `` mariah ? '' 
 she eased another pin from her mouth . 
 `` uh-huh ? '' 
 `` do n't . '' 
 she frowned and glanced up at him . 
 `` do n't what ? '' 
 he touched her wrist , curled his long , warm fingers around it , and gently pulled her hand away from her hair . 
 `` let it be . '' 
 she almost swallowed her hairpins . 
 `` let it down , you mean ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 it was a rich , rumbling sound that heated her insides and made her stomach feel fluttery . 
 `` for me . '' 
 she tried to laugh . 
 `` that 's highly improper . '' 
 `` of course it is . '' 
 a small smile tugged at her mouth . 
 she was tempted . 
 he smiled at her . 
 `` come on , marian ... '' her name sounded soft and feminine and pretty on his lips-all the things she wanted to be , used to be , and never would be again . 
 all the things she wanted to pretend to be right now . 
 `` what could it hurt ? '' 
 he added . 
 what could it hurt ? 
 the seductive words pulled the starch from her defenses . 
 it was a new way of looking at things . 
 usually her first question was how much will it hurt . 
 `` what indeed ? '' 
 she said softly . 
 then she smiled . 
 she 'd probably pay for it tomorrow , but today she did n't care . 
 for once , she wanted to be herself . 
 she tugged the pins from her hair and tucked them in her pocket . 
 mad dog stepped toward her , his eyes fastened on hers . 
 for a moment , she could n't breathe . 
 he reached out , pushed his fingers through her hair , and loosened it , fanning it out around her shoulders . 
 `` that must feel better , '' he breathed , stepping back . 
 `` it does , '' she admitted . 
 `` then shall we go ? '' 
 she smiled brightly , feeling suddenly like a young girl at her first dance . 
 she nodded and followed him from the house . 
 they emerged into the warm , sunlit afternoon and walked side by side down the creaking wooden steps . 
 together they strolled down the path . 
 the air was fragrant with the smell of flowers and dirt and sunlight . 
 marian could n't think of a thing to say . 
 neither , apparently , could mad dog . 
 they walked in silence , listening to the sounds of the afternoon : the whisper of the breeze , the repetitious creak of the porch swing , the chatter of the birds . 
 it did n't seem to matter that they did n't speak . 
 the silence was companionable , comfortable . 
 marian glanced down to her right , seeing the burgundy , purple , and amber smear of her autumn flowers . 
 saucer-sized gold chrysanthemums waved in the slight breeze . 
 the heady fragrance of the flowers filled her senses . 
 she felt herself lapsing into a lazy , whimsical state that was completely out of character . 
 for a second-perhaps no more than a heartbeat-she felt like a woman out strolling with her man . 
 she felt . . . 
 special . 
 a gate creaked open . 
 mariah jerked to a stop and snapped her chin up . 
 her heart started beating faster , drummed in her ears . 
 fear caught her hard , stabbed through the pit of her stomach . 
 she could n't swallow , could n't breathe . 
 mad dog was a foot or so ahead of her , his hand on the gate 's glinting silver latch . 
 he pushed the gate slightly . 
 it squealed in protest and swung backward , smacking against the picket fence in its arc . 
 `` milady ? '' 
 she stared at the gate , unable to look away . 
 he frowned at her . 
 `` mariah ? '' 
 his voice seemed to be coming at her from a million miles away . 
 involuntarily she took a step backward . 
 she told herself she was n't afraid . 
 she could n't breathe because of the flowers ; suddenly they smelled sickeningly sweet . 
 the ceaseless , annoying chattering of the birds battered her ears and gave her a pounding headache . 
 for a terrifying moment , she thought she was going to be sick . 
 he came up beside her , touched her chin . 
 `` mariah ? '' 
 she yanked her gaze away from the gate and focused on his eyes , only his eyes . 
 her heart was beating so loudly , she could hardly hear his words . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she tried to sound casual , but her voice was strained and uncertain . 
 he looked down at her . 
 `` is something the matter ? '' 
 the concern in his eyes almost broke mariah 's heart . 
 suddenly the magic of the afternoon was gone , melted into the pains and frustrations of her past . 
 she shook her head , wet her impossibly dry lips . 
 it fades ... his words came back to her . 
 reassuring , pretty words , filled with the hope she 'd lost so long ago . 
 she wanted to believe them , ached to believe them , but now , standing here beside the gate , she knew they were a lie . 
 for her , the heartaches of the past would never fade . 
 he touched her chin , tilted her face to his . 
 `` what 's going on here ? '' 
 she looked up into his handsome features and wished for an insane , desperate moment that she could be what he wanted . 
 that he could be what she needed . 
 but neither one of them could change that much . 
 she let out her breath in a tired sigh and tried not to feel broken . 
 `` i ... have to start supper . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` i see . '' 
 do you ? 
 she wanted to say . 
 how could you-when i do n't even understand it myself ? 
 but she said nothing . 
 so she just stood there , staring up at him , wishing-oh , god , wishing-things were different . 
 l suddenly he looped an arm around her and drew her close . 
 she knew she should pull away . 
 it was wholly improper to let him touch her this way . 
 more than that , it was fraught with risk . 
 but right now , standing in the empty yard , it felt good to have someone-to have him-beside her . 
 the silent , unquestioning support was something she 'd never had in her life , and it made her feel warm and safe and ... however inappropriately , cherished . 
 she leaned infinitesimally toward him , resting against the hard ball of his shoulder . 
 in his arms , she felt safe . 
 the irrational fear of leaving the farm receded again , slunk back into the darkness in the back of her mind . 
 it was n't that she could n't leave , she told herself . 
 she just did n't want to . 
 not now . 
 not yet . 
 maybe tomorrow she 'd feel like leaving . 
 and if she really wanted to go , the damn gate would n't stop her . 
 nothing would ... not if she really wanted to go . 
 her eyes fluttered shut . 
 a quiet sigh escaped her lips . 
 `` thanks , '' she said quietly , `` i needed that . '' 
 he tightened his hold . 
 she felt each finger like a curl of fire through the worn fabric of her sleeve . 
 `` you need a hell of a lot more than that , mariah , but i guess this 'll do for now . '' 
 before she could respond , he leaned toward her and planted a moist , openmouthed kiss in the tender flesh beside her ear . 
 she shivered at the heat of the contact . 
 then he turned and walked away . 
 she stared after him . 
 she wanted to look away and knew she should , but she could n't . 
 something had changed with them today . 
 it had started when he 'd come to her bedroom . 
 not to fight with her or scare her or tease her , but simply to say that he understood what it meant to feel lost and alone . 
 it meant so much to her , that moment of intimacy , perhaps more than any moment she could remember in the last ten years . 
 he 'd reached out to her , however tentatively , and touched her soul . 
 it was a kindness she would n't have expected from a man like him . 
 a man like stephen , she thought immediately , but the thought carried no weight this time , no sting . 
 and no truth . 
 mad dog was n't like stephen . 
 true , they were both footloose wanderers who could n't stay put , but where stephen was dishonest and self-centered , mad dog was honest and caring . 
 he was n't like stephen . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , feeling a breathless sense of panic . 
 she wanted to believe he was like stephen , needed to believe he was like stephen . 
 then she could keep him at arm 's length . 
 without the negative comparison , she did n't know what to do , how to handle him , how to protect herself . 
 but he was n't like stephen , she knew that now . 
 knew it with a certainty that terrified her . 
 `` oh , no ... '' she brought a cold hand to her mouth . 
 please , god , she thought , do n't let me start feeling that way again . 
 do n't let me think he might be different . 
 but it was too late . 
 god help her , it was too late . 
 rass leaned back against the oak tree and drew his legs up to his chest . 
 curling his arms around his ankles , he stared down at the farm he 'd helped to build with his own two hands . 
 sadness tightened his chest . 
 a dull pain throbbed in his left shoulder . 
 there 's so much left to do . 
 so many things he 'd never gotten around to . 
 a small , wistful smile pulled at his lips . 
 the loafing shed had been the first thing he 'd built . 
 what did he know about building-a geology professor from new york ? 
 but he 'd found the supplies-books , nails , hammers-and he 'd done his best . 
 the first effort had fallen down in a hard rain . 
 the second lasted almost through the winter . 
 and the third , well , it was still hanging on to existence by a thread . 
 he 'd been able to laugh about it , then and now , because of greta . 
 he remembered standing alongside her during the rainstorm , both of them soaked through to the skin , rain streaming down their faces as the shed crashed to the ground . 
 the memory of her throaty laughter rang through his mind , reminding him how they had stood there , hand in hand in the drenching rain , and laughed at his failure . 
 but where had mariah been that day ? 
 questions like that plagued rass more and more as he got older . 
 he had so many memories of greta , and so few of mariah . 
 somehow they 'd excluded her . 
 they had n't meant to . 
 jesus , they had n't meant to ... it was just that they 'd come together so late in life . 
 neither of them had ever thought they 'd fall in love , and it had been such a precious , all-consuming gift . 
 they 'd never expected to have children , never wanted to , and with greta 's age , they 'd never worried about it . 
 then mariah had come , all red-faced and crying and demanding . 
 they 'd loved their daughter , deeply and completely . 
 but had they ever told her , ever showed her in the thousand tiny , wordless ways they showed each other ? 
 god help him , he could n't remember ... . 
 she was lonely now , so damned independent . 
 exactly the woman two middle-aged parents had raised her to be . 
 strong , defiant , aware of her own intelligence . 
 but they had n't taught her how to love or how to be loved . 
 he felt another sharp , twisting pain in his heart at the thought . 
 god , how could they have been so blind ? 
 he shook his head , staring through stinging eyes at the dull brown grass . 
 she 'd never called him daddy , not even as a child . 
 she went straight from `` father '' to `` rass '' at the age of six . 
 and for a year after that fiasco with stephen , she did n't call him anything at all . 
 did n't even speak to him . 
 why the hell had he let her retreat so far into herself ? 
 last night he 'd looked into jake 's eyes-a stranger - and rass had seen pain . 
 how had he missed so much in his own child ? 
 `` why did n't we see it , greta ? '' 
 the words slipped past his chapped lips . 
 it had never mattered before that mariah called him rass ; hell , he 'd been proud of her pride and defiance . 
 but now , damn it , it mattered . 
 there were many things he wanted to tell her , lessons yet to teach her . 
 he did n't even know where to begin . 
 he sighed , disgusted that he knew perfectly well how to reach out to a stranger , but had no idea how to connect with his own daughter . 
 it should be simple and straightforward . 
 i 'm sorry , mariah . 
 i love you . 
 tears stung his eyes again . 
 not so simple , he thought with an unfamiliar bitterness . 
 not with mariah . 
 somehow , he and greta had created a child who did n't hear those words well , did n't want to hear them . 
 had they forgotten to tell her as a child ? 
 had she stood alone in their happy home , waiting for a declaration her parents had taken for granted ? 
 he 'd never once told greta that he loved her . 
 his own parents had never said the words , and yet he 'd known , just as greta had known . 
 he 'd always thought of love that way , as a look , a touch , a smile . 
 not a word to be passed from one to another like a christmas gift . 
 but now he wondered . 
 what was love to mariah ? 
 had she waited , lonely and aching and afraid , for the simple words that had never come ? 
 had she run away with the first man who said them to her because she was so starved to hear it ? 
 a dark , sadness filled him . 
 he did n't know , might never know what he and greta had done wrong . 
 and , perhaps it did n't matter . 
 perhaps all that mattered was making it right now . 
 he had to get past the silent wall of her defenses . 
 maybe then he could figure out a way to say the hundreds of things that needed saying . 
 or maybe just the one . 
 it was almost nightfall when rass finally came to the barn . 
 jake heard the old man 's voice , calling out to him , and relief rushed through him . 
 he 'd been lonely today , tired and sad . 
 he could n't wait to sit and talk with rass . 
 when he was with the old man , jake felt safe and cared-for . 
 `` hey , jake , '' he said from the doorway , `` come on down . '' 
 jake frowned . 
 rass sounded ... tired . 
 he crawled to the corner of the loft and peered down . 
 `` hi , rass . '' 
 rass smiled weakly . 
 `` hi , jake . '' 
 jake got a really bad feeling in his stomach that something was wrong . 
 his frown deepened . 
 `` you do n't have any food with you . '' 
 i rass shook his head . 
 `` come on down . '' 
 jake clambered down the ladder and dropped onto the floor . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 rass walked toward him , his feet making a shuffling , scuffing sound on the hard-packed dirt floor . 
 there was a sheen of moisture in his rheumy blue eyes . 
 `` i 've been thinking , jake . '' 
 jake licked his lips , trying to banish a rising sense of apprehension . 
 `` oh . '' 
 rass glanced sideways , staring hard through the small , dusty window in the barn 's left side . 
 `` it 's not right that you hide out here . '' 
 `` but - '' he waved a veiny hand . 
 `` but nothing . 
 i try not to make the same mistakes twice . 
 and i know better than to let you hide from whatever it is you do n't want to face . '' 
 jake froze . 
 emotions-fear , anxiety , anticipation - hurtled through him , left him winded and reeling in their wake . 
 `` wh-what makes you think i 'm hiding from something ? '' 
 `` believe me , jake , i 've learned to read the signs . '' 
 `` i 'm not hiding from anyone . '' 
 he flushed , realizing his mistake instantly . 
 `` i mean , anything . '' 
 rass 's eyes narrowed at jake 's words . 
 the old man studied him for a long , uncomfortable moment before he spoke . 
 `` good . 
 then there 's no reason to stay in the barn . '' 
 jake shook his head . 
 he tried to swallow , but his throat was dry . 
 he was afraid his obvious fear was revealing to much , but he could n't help himself . 
 `` i do n't think so ... '' rass laid a firm , comforting hand on his shoulder and squeezed gently . 
 `` it 's time for you to meet my daughter ... and mad dog . 
 time to quit hiding . '' 
 it 's time . 
 jake sighed heavily . 
 how many times had he thought those exact words ? 
 maybe rass was right ; maybe it was time to stop running and hiding and being afraid . 
 he 'd followed mad dog for months now , too scared to actually say hello . 
 `` come on , '' rass said gently , and turned for the door . 
 jake could n't move . 
 his feet felt as heavy as stones . 
 you do n't have to follow him . 
 he could turn around right now and run . 
 just forget the whole thing . 
 but he 'd tried that already . 
 for ten years he 'd tried to forget about the legendary mad dog stone-tried and failed . 
 he had to go with rass ; he knew that . 
 he had to go . 
 he 'd been following mad dog for months , dreaming in cessantly of this moment . 
 he could n't let it slip through his fingers now because he was afraid . 
 `` rass ? '' 
 the old man stopped , turned around . 
 `` uh-huh ? '' 
 jake wet his lips nervously . 
 `` stay with me . '' 
 he tried to say the words in a flippant , casual tone and failed . 
 they came out weak and pathetic-sounding . 
 rass nodded and gave jake a soft knowing smile . 
 `` i will . '' 
 jake squeezed his eyes shut and said a quick , silent prayer . 
 then , silently and side by side , they walked out of the barn and headed toward the house . 
 jake 's stomach was twisted into a throbbing , nauseous knot . 
 he tried not to be afraid , but it was impossible . 
 he was scared to death . 
 finally , after all these years , he was going to meet his father . 
 chapter eleven mariah stood at her mirror , pinning her hair into a tight coil at the base of her neck . 
 she rammed one hairpin after another into the thick chignon , securing it until a hurricane could n't bring it down . 
 today she 'd let mad dog get too close . 
 far too close . 
 just thinking about it made her feel queasy and vulnerable and afraid . 
 she 'd let him inside her today , just a little bit and for no longer than a heartbeat , but she 'd let him in all the same . 
 a tremor passed through her , made her fingers tremble . 
 his quiet confession had touched something in her , made her feel warm and liquid inside , as if maybe things would someday be all right again . 
 it was a thought she had n't had in years , had n't let herself have . 
 for a few precious , magical moments , she had almost believed in her old dreams , almost believed her life could be different . 
 she sighed . 
 feeling infinitely tired and old , she left her bedroom and descended the stairs . 
 in the kitchen , she went through the motions ... started a fire in the stove and pulled the food from the ice rack . 
 but even as she buried herself in the familiar , comforting routine , she could n't make herself forget . 
 what a fool she 'd been . 
 it had been crazy to let herself pretend . 
 she knew the cost of looking at life through rose-colored spectacles . 
 mad dog stone offered her an easy smile and a moment 's comfort . 
 nothing she needed , nothing she could count on . 
 she had to remember that . 
 always . 
 he was n't the answer to the aching loneliness that gripped her in the long hours of the night . 
 he was a drifter , just passing through her life . 
 maybe he was n't exactly like stephen , but in the end that would n't matter , would n't save her from heartache . 
 because he was enough like stephen . 
 he 'd leave . 
 her heart gave a tiny lurch at the thought . 
 without him around , she 'd go back to her old life , lonely and isolated and afraid of everything . 
 but that was what she wanted , she reminded herself . 
 what made her feel safe . 
 she had to protect herself from mad dog and from herself . 
 she had to make sure that when he left-and he would leave-he did n't take her heart with him . 
 she could n't survive that again . 
 she was n't strong enough . 
 and the only way to be sure he did n't take her heart with him was not to give it to him . 
 she hauled a big cast-iron skillet from beneath the stove and dropped it on the range top . 
 it landed with a loud clang . 
 she added a dollop of lard and a bunch of sausage and leftover mashed potatoes and onions . 
 the foods slid together in a splattering , popping mixture . 
 suddenly the front door creaked open . 
 `` go on into the kitchen . 
 i 'll be right back , '' came her father 's voice from the foyer . 
 mariah 's heartbeat sped up at the thought of seeing mad dog again . 
 please help me be strong . 
 ... stiffening , she picked up the pepper sprinkler and added a healthy dose to the food . 
 `` hi , rass . 
 mad dog , '' she called out , careful not to look their way . 
 `` supper 's almost ready . '' 
 the front door clicked shut . 
 quiet footsteps moved through the foyer and into the kitchen . 
 `` h-hi . '' 
 mariah glanced at the doorway . 
 and found herself staring into the face of a young boy with large , frightened green eyes and tousled red-gold hair . 
 he was thin , too thin , his face all hollows and sharp points , looked almost elfin . 
 but he had strong cheekbones and a squared jaw that would someday make him a handsome man . 
 he was wearing a dirty , patched blue work shirt and oversize wool trousers , hitched around his small waist with a thick black belt . 
 her heart skidded to a stop . 
 the aluminum pepper sprinkler slipped through her nerveless fingers and clanked on the hardwood floor . 
 for one crazy , terrifying moment , she thought she was looking at a ghost-an image created by her own guilty , lonely mind . 
 `` thomas , '' she whispered throatily . 
 the boy licked his lips nervously . 
 `` i 'm jake , '' he said in an unsteady voice . 
 `` mr. throckmorton invited me to supper . 
 i 'm his new assistant . '' 
 mariah blinked in confusion . 
 `` i do n't understand . . . . '' 
 rass shuffled into the room . 
 `` ah , mariah , i see you 've met our young guest . '' 
 slowly the tilting world righted itself . 
 mariah 's hopeful , impossible image slid into reality . 
 she stared at the boy , really seeing him this time . 
 disappointment poured through her , leaving her shaken and desperately sad in its backwash . 
 no ghost , she realized ; just a young man . 
 a dirty , ragged-clothed boy with strawberry blond hair and green eyes . 
 not thomas . 
 of course it could n't be thomas . . . . 
 she swallowed hard , fighting to regain her equilibrium . 
 `` jake . '' 
 as hard as she tried , she could n't make her voice anything but a tremulous whisper . 
 `` he 's going to help me catalog my fossils . '' 
 marian nodded , too stunned to even point out that she cataloged her father 's fossils . 
 too dumbfounded to even feel criticized . 
 `` that 's ... wonderful . '' 
 she moved hesitantly toward the boy . 
 her fingers stung with the need to touch his cheek , to push the dirty hair from his eyes . 
 to be the mother she never had been , never could be . 
 she came up short , stopping before she made a complete fool of herself . 
 she glanced at her father . 
 `` where did you find him ? '' 
 jake threw a frightened look a rass . 
 rass shrugged . 
 `` he ... uh ... answered my other ad at ma 's diner . 
 he 's just passing through and needed some extra money . '' 
 just passing through . 
 mariah tried not to be hurt by the familiar words . 
 she shrugged , wondering what she could say to this boy . 
 he was probably at least fifteen years old ; far too old to need a mother or mothering . 
 and yet her instincts were so strong , almost overwhelming . 
 it took all her strength and self-control not to move toward him or offer to wash his clothes . 
 `` oh ... '' `` i-is that okay with you ? '' 
 jake asked . 
 mariah looked at the boy , seeing the nervous tensing of his mouth and the way he kept rubbing his palms along his wool pant legs . 
 an aching tenderness unfolded within her . 
 he was alone in the world ; somehow she was sure of it . 
 as alone as she and rass . 
 she wished she could take the pain of that away from him . 
 no one so young should ever be alone or lonely or afraid . 
 she gave him a soft smile . 
 `` of course it 's all right . 
 you 're welcome here , jake . '' 
 the words echoed back at her , filled her with desperate longings she thought she 'd forgotten years ago . 
 she crossed her arms . 
 her empty , empty arms . 
 so welcome . . . 
 he glanced down at the floor . 
 a thick lock of hair fell across his eyes . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` here , '' rass said , showing him to the table . 
 `` i 'll set you a place . '' 
 mariah stared at the boy a moment longer , then forced herself to turn away . 
 moving stiffly , she went to the stove and added more sausages and potatoes and onions to the pan . 
 but her hands were shaking and her heart was racing . 
 between mad dog 's touch and jake 's presence , she felt frighteningly out of control , as if the world she 'd spent fifteen years creating had just tilted on its end . 
 and everything she wanted , everything she believed in and had fought for , was slowly , irrevocably sliding into the darkness of the unknown , the unmanageable . 
 things were changing too fast . 
 she was feeling things she had n't felt in a lifetime , and it scared her to death . 
 god , help me . . . 
 but this time the words did n't help . 
 she did n't even know what to ask for . 
 jake sat at the table , his back stiff , his knees held tightly together . 
 he stared down at his hands , pressed palm-down on his thighs . 
 his heart was hammering so hard , he could n't hear anything else . 
 `` you been . . . 
 outta ... long , jake ? 
 jake ? '' 
 he blinked hard and snapped his chin up . 
 across the table , rass was peering at him intently , the old man 's bushy white eyebrows drawn in a concerned vee above his blue eyes . 
 `` uh . . . 
 sorry , sir . 
 what did you say ? '' 
 rass smiled . 
 `` i did n't say anything . 
 mariah asked if you 'd been out this way for long . '' 
 jake glanced over at the woman . 
 she was standing by the stove , staring at him in the soft , gentle way his mother had . 
 he swallowed hard , feeling a rush of embarrassing emotion . 
 she looked . . . 
 caring . 
 almost as if he mattered . 
 but that was crazy . 
 `` sorta long . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she gave him a smile that made his insides feel like they were melting . 
 he tried to think of something else to say , but before he could , someone knocked on the front door . 
 jake froze . 
 his fingers coiled into a sweaty ball of nerves . 
 suddenly he was n't ready to do this . 
 he wanted to sneak back into the shadows and put off the inevitable . 
 mad dog would n't accept a long-lost son , would n't care . 
 jake had no business here ... `` will you get the door , mariah ? '' 
 rass said . 
 jake 's anxious gaze cut to mariah ; he hoped she 'd do something to stop mad dog from coming in . 
 for a second he thought she might stop the inevitable . 
 she looked as nervous as he felt . 
 but in the end , she did n't . 
 she smoothed her hands on her wrinkled apron and left the room . 
 jake heard the door creak open , then came the rumbling sound of mad dog 's voice . 
 then the woman said something he could n't hear . 
 her voice sounded fluttery and nervous-just like jake felt . 
 oh , god , mama ... oh , god ... mad dog sauntered into the warm , cozy kitchen . 
 he stood in the doorway , hat tilted back on his head to reveal a smiling , suntanned face . 
 his threadbare black shirt drooped on his broad shoulders , the open collar exposing a gaping slash of dark chest . 
 old , faded blue jeans hugged his long legs . 
 `` well , well , '' he said with a deepening smile . 
 `` who we got here , mariah ? '' 
 jake lurched to his feet so fast , the chair skidded out behind him and crashed to the floor . 
 heat crawled up his neck and fanned across his cheeks . 
 he yanked his fingers apart and forced his hands to his sides . 
 mad dog swept the hat from his head and tossed it on the peerless creamery . 
 it landed with a muffled thwack . 
 running a hand through his shoulder-length , sun-streaked hair , he strolled toward the table . 
 each thud-thud-thud of bootheels on the planked floor seemed thunderously loud . 
 jake flinched at every step . 
 mad dog held out his hand in greeting . 
 `` hiya , kid . 
 i 'm mad dog . '' 
 jake 's throat went bone-dry . 
 he stared at the hand extended toward him and thought of his own sweaty palms . 
 he cleared his throat and tried unobtrusively to wipe his hand on his pant leg , then reached out . 
 mad dog 's long , strong fingers curled around jake 's and squeezed hard . 
 `` you got a name , kid ? '' 
 jake 's chin snapped up . 
 he looked into mad dog 's gray eyes and felt a surge of emotion so strong it was almost overwhelming . 
 he 'd never been this close to his father . 
 it was a moment he 'd dreamed of all his life , but never actually believed would happen . 
 longing spilled through him in a sickening wave . 
 `` i 'm jake , '' he said quietly , afraid his voice would crack if he tried more . 
 mad dog started to extract his hand , but jake could n't let go . 
 he clung to his father 's hand for a heartbeat too long , desperate to maintain the connection he 'd waited all his life to find . 
 mad dog frowned , pulled a little harder . 
 jake forced his fingers open and withdrew his hand . 
 `` so . '' 
 mad dog turned to mariah . 
 looping his thumbs inside the waistband of his frayed jeans , he turned his back on jake and headed for the range . 
 `` what 's for supper tonight ? '' 
 jake stared at the man 's broad-shouldered back and felt a rush of anger . 
 he 'd been dismissed , forgotten . 
 one thing you got ta remember about your daddy , jake . 
 mad dog forgets things easy . 
 it 's just the way he is . 
 his mother 's words came back to jake , calmed him . 
 he let out his breath softly , and felt the anger dissolve . 
 it would n't be easy getting mad dog 's attention , and even harder to keep it . 
 he 'd known that all along . 
 his mother had told him so . 
 mad dog was a loner who never stayed in one place too long and never cared about anyone but himself . 
 jake tried to ignore the pinch of pain in his chest at the thought . 
 he 'd known about mad dog . 
 always . 
 mama had told him long ago that his father was incapable of making a commitment . 
 but love , she told him . 
 that 's not the same thing . 
 your father knows how to love-in his own easygoing way . 
 he just doesn ' t know how to stay ... . 
 jake swallowed hard . 
 that 's all he wanted , all he needed . 
 it was so simple , it sounded stupid , but he could n't force the need away . 
 it had lodged in his heart the first time he heard about his daddy , and through all the years since , it had held fast . 
 and since mama 's death , it had grown stronger . 
 all he wanted now was a little bit of love . 
 that could n't be asking too much . 
 mad dog sat at the table , his legs stretched out in front of him , his ankles crossed . 
 the boy , jake , sat across from him , still sitting as stiff as a knife , and rass was sprawled in his chair , half-asleep . 
 mariah was at the sink , washing dishes . 
 he could n't take his eyes off her . 
 there was a new softness about her , a lessening of the rigid propriety . 
 he was mesmerized . 
 she turned away from the sink , suddenly , her damp hands twisted in the wrinkled linen of her apron . 
 across the room , their gazes met . 
 her eyes widened . 
 he waited for her to turn away , but she did n't . 
 slowly she eased her hands from the apron and let them fall to her sides . 
 she looked incredibly beautiful right now , and somehow vulnerable . 
 a dangerous , potent yearning swelled in his groin at the sight of her . 
 all of a sudden he wanted to kiss her . 
 needed to kiss her . 
 jesus ... rass 's chair creaked loudly . 
 he leaned back and lit up a pipe . 
 the acrid-sweet odor of tobacco floated through the room . 
 threads of gray smoke drifted across marian 's face , obscuring her for a heartbeat . 
 `` sit down , mariah . 
 i have an idea , '' rass said , puffing on the pipe . 
 she moved stiffly to the table and sat down beside mad dog , careful not to make eye contact . 
 her chair was close to his , so close he could smell the soft fragrance of vanilla that clung to her clothing . 
 `` we could play a game , '' rass suggested . 
 `` we 've got that new electoral college game . '' 
 he grinned at mad dog . 
 `` it teaches the method of electing our president . '' 
 mad dog tried to smile-he really did . 
 `` uh-huh . 
 sounds great . '' 
 `` i do n't know , rass , '' mariah said quietly , `` mr. stone probably does n't like board games . '' 
 `` i think bored is the key word , '' mad dog remarked blandly . 
 mariah did n't look at him , but he felt , oddly , as if she were disappointed . 
 she started to rise . 
 instinctively he reached out and grabbed her wrist . 
 her skin felt cool and soft beneath his chapped fingers . 
 she gasped quietly and turned to him , slowly lowering back to her seat until their faces were a handspan apart . 
 her lips parted in surprise . 
 a tiny breath escaped . 
 his gaze held hers in a strong , velvet grip . 
 she did n't look away . 
 slowly her tongue peeked out , dragged nervously along her lips . 
 moisture glistened on the puffy pinkness of her mouth . 
 he almost groaned aloud . 
 `` i did n't say i did n't want to play , '' he said quietly . 
 `` i just do n't want to play that . '' 
 `` what did you have in mind ? '' 
 `` how about something more ... interesting . 
 like poker ? '' 
 rass thumped his fist on the table . 
 `` great idea . '' 
 she pulled back her hand . 
 he resisted for a heartbeat and no more , then grudgingly let go . 
 `` all right , '' she said , smoothing a nonexistent wrinkle from her skirt . 
 `` we shall try poker . '' 
 rass set his pipe down and leaned forward . 
 resting his elbows on the table , he steepled his fingers and peered at mad dog . 
 `` how about making it more ... interesting ? '' 
 mad dog grinned . 
 strip poker . 
 he bit back the entirely inappropriate response just in time . 
 `` what did you have in mind ? '' 
 `` team poker , '' he said . 
 `` you and mariah against jake and me . '' 
 he glanced at mariah and grinned . 
 he could n't have planned it better himself . 
 `` what 'll we play for ? '' 
 `` how about a fish breakfast ? 
 winners catch and cook , '' rass said . 
 mariah frowned at her father . 
 `` winners ? '' 
 `` do you have a problem with that ? '' 
 `` i just thought - '' `` no problem . '' 
 mad dog cut her off seamlessly . 
 rass grinned triumphantly . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 then he patted jake on the back . 
 `` come on , partner , let 's talk strategy . '' 
 mad dog smiled . 
 rass and jake could talk strategy from now until morning , and it would n't help . 
 mad dog was gon na win this game . 
 nothing-but nothing-was gon na keep him from spending the morning with mariah . 
 even if he had to fish . 
 `` i fold . '' 
 rass slapped his cards down on the table . 
 jake grinned . 
 `` me , too . '' 
 his cards landed alongside his partner 's . 
 mariah glanced down at the ten facedown cards . 
 she had a strong urge to sweep them into her hands , but rass had been firm on the `` no peek '' rule . 
 mad dog fanned his cards out in front of him . 
 `` what a surprise . 
 i win ... again . 
 and with a pair of threes . '' 
 he turned to mariah . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 mariah laid her cards down and frowned . 
 she was starting to get extremely nervous . 
 she and mad dog were winning with unbelievable regularity . 
 she was beginning to suspect that rass was letting them win . 
 and she did not want to win . 
 `` not even a pair . 
 ten high , '' she said in a tight voice . 
 `` well , you 're too good for the likes of us , '' rass said , scooting his chair back and standing . 
 he stretched and yawned , clamping a veiny hand over his mouth . 
 `` we 're not done playing ! '' 
 mariah almost yelled . 
 rass grinned . 
 `` yes , we are . 
 you two won . '' 
 he turned to jake , still smiling triumphantly . 
 `` lord , i 'm tired . 
 how about you , jake ? '' 
 the boy grinned up at the old man . 
 `` dead tired . '' 
 mariah glanced at jake , and felt a squeeze around her heart . 
 `` you want to sleep in the guest room ? '' 
 the boy cast a nervous look at mad dog . 
 `` n-no . 
 i got my stuff in the barn already . '' 
 she frowned , wondering what mad dog had to do with jake 's decision to sleep in the barn . 
 `` well , if that 's what you 'd prefer ... '' rass smacked the boy on the back . 
 `` i love a good fish fry . 
 do n't you ? '' 
 then he glanced down at mariah and mad dog . 
 `` we 'll be down for breakfast around 6:00 . 
 will you be ready ? '' 
 mad dog shrugged . 
 `` it 's fishing , not flame throwing . 
 how hard can it be ? '' 
 `` i believe the last time you said that , you were talking about picking apples ... or was it the pigpen ? '' 
 mariah reminded him dryly . 
 he laughed . 
 `` that 's work . 
 fishing 's fun . '' 
 she gave him a wry look . 
 `` is it ? '' 
 he turned to her . 
 `` is n't it ? '' 
 `` certainly . 
 what could be better than getting up before dawn to squish a bunch of slimy living animals onto metal hooks ? '' 
 he leaned toward her . 
 `` will it be dark ? '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he gave her a slow , dangerous smile . 
 god help her , she reacted . 
 anticipation crept down her spine in an icy shiver . 
 `` then , believe me , mariah . 
 it 's gon na be fun . '' 
 chapter twelve marian sat on the porch 's top step , her knees drawn in close to her chest . 
 beside her lay two fishing poles , a willow trout basket , and a top-of-the-line borcherdt 's tackle box . 
 she closed her eyes and leaned against the wisteria-twined porch post . 
 the dry scent of dormant leaves teased her , reminded her of spring , when the thick , twisted brown vine had been leafy green and ripe with pale purple clusters . 
 it was still in the hour before dawn , preternaturally quiet . 
 no crickets chirruped their mating calls , no frogs called out from their hiding places in wet thickets along the river , no birds chattered to one another . 
 the darkness was unbroken , a black blanket thrown across the rolling fields . 
 a whistle cut through the silence , riding gently , lightly , on the air . 
 then came the quiet crunching of bootheels on the loose rock path . 
 her stomach tightened , anxiety spilled through her . 
 reluctantly she lifted her head and looked up , trying to see mad dog in the darkness , but she could n't . 
 she could hear his footsteps , imagine that easy , loose-hipped walk of his . 
 then the footsteps stopped . 
 `` helluva goddamn time to get up , '' his said in a scratchy morning voice . 
 `` that coffee i smell ? '' 
 she nodded stiffly . 
 `` i packed a flask . '' 
 `` and you filled it with coffee ? '' 
 there was a pause , and mariah was somehow certain that he grinned . 
 `` tequila warms you a lot quicker . '' 
 mariah laughed in spite of herself . 
 `` i do n't believe i want you that warm , mr. stone . '' 
 he moved toward her . 
 crunch , crunch , crunch . 
 her gaze narrowed , tried to pierce the darkness , but he was no more than a shadow against the night , a presence felt but unseen . 
 `` too late , mariah , '' he said in a voice so intimate , it sent shivers down her spine . 
 `` i 'm already hotter than you want me to be . '' 
 his silken words caused a red-hot shudder of response . 
 deep inside her , where no man had touched in years , and no man genuinely , she felt something . 
 a spark of emotion that was powerful , but completely foreign-need , desire , she was n't sure what . 
 yearning , she realized suddenly . 
 that 's what it was . 
 deep down she yearned for something , for someone . 
 she always had . 
 and you always will , she reminded herself sharply . 
 mad dog stone , drifter-vagabond-boxer , was not the man to fill the void in her empty soul . 
 he did n't want anything from her that he could n't get from a dozen women . 
 and he would n't stay long enough to find out what she wanted . 
 somehow , that made her sad . 
 then angry . 
 `` mr. stone , '' she said tightly , `` i can not stand this constant banter . 
 will you please save it for a woman more interested in hearing it ? '' 
 there was a breath-laden pause before he answered . 
 `` i think you like to hear it , mariah . '' 
 her heart skipped a beat . 
 and that second of reaction made her angrier still . 
 `` obviously you 've made a mistake , mr. stone . 
 you 've confused me with one of the big . . . 
 built , easy women with whom you no doubt spend your time . '' 
 `` what makes you think i like big tits ? '' 
 mariah knew immediately that she 'd erred . 
 `` i really do not want to have this discussion with you , mr. stone . '' 
 he climbed another step . 
 mariah steeled herself for his sensual assault . 
 her arms curled around her knees and locked hard . 
 he stopped . 
 she heard his breath , just above her head , slow and easy , each breath a silent invitation . 
 in the distance , the horizon caught fire . 
 a low , hazy line of red-gold sunlight blurred through the black night , sending feelers of warmth through the dark sky . 
 slowly he dropped to one knee in front of her . 
 the step sagged beneath his weight . 
 `` it so happens i like smaller br ** sts , mariah . '' 
 her name fell from his lips in a whispered , disembodied caress . 
 `` with pale pink n ** ples that get hard when i - '' `` stop ! '' 
 she lurched to her feet so fast , he was caught off guard . 
 with a muttered shit , he half fell , half stumbled down the steps and landed with a thud in the flowers . 
 mariah spun around and picked up the fishing gear . 
 ramming it under her arm , she yanked up her skirts and headed down the stairs . 
 she was almost to the wash-house when she heard him call her name . 
 `` mariah ? '' 
 reluctantly she came to a stop . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` it 's darker than hell out here and i have no idea where the river is . '' 
 mariah ground her teeth in frustration . 
 he was right , of course . 
 there was no way he could find the river without her assistance . 
 she hugged herself tightly and tapped her foot impatiently . 
 do n't let him get to you , mariah . 
 keep your distance , `` fine , mr. stone . 
 i 'm waiting . '' 
 he loped up behind her . 
 she felt each crunching step like a slap . 
 `` you there ? '' 
 `` right here . '' 
 he moved toward her . 
 she felt his hand close around hers ; strong , long fingers slid gently between her own . 
 she stiffened , tried to yank her hand away . 
 he held fast . 
 `` i would n't want to get lost , '' he said with a soft laugh . 
 mariah tried not to notice how good it felt to be touched by him , how warm his skin felt against hers . 
 `` f-fine , '' she said . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 he pulled her close and whispered in her ear . 
 `` yeah , let 's . '' 
 a flurry of emotions hurtled through mariah as she led mad dog through the darkened orchard . 
 her senses seemed heightened in the shadowy half world of time that was neither night nor day . 
 his fingers , curled warm and protectively around her own , felt like a lifeline in the darkness . 
 a connection to another human being that she had n't had in years . 
 it had been so long since a man had touched her . 
 even in passing . 
 and now someone was holding her hand . 
 she felt a hundred intense , unexpected emotions all at once-giddy , desperate , frightened . 
 the feelings were foreign and yet frighteningly familiar . 
 she tried to convince herself that she did n't desire mad dog stone , not even a little bit . 
 that any woman would feel a spark of response in this situation . 
 and she even knew that on some level it was true . 
 any woman would respond to a man like him . 
 but there was more to it . 
 god help her , even after everything that had happened to her , with everything that she knew about mad dog , he still touched something inside her . 
 something that had n't been touched in a lifetime and was desperately in need of warmth . 
 by the time they reached their destination , dawn had dressed the farm in pinks and golds . 
 strands of rosy dawn light slid through the shadowy orchard and licked the foamy swirls , of the river . 
 the quiet lap-gurgle-splash of the water against the muddy bank was the only sound in the world . 
 for a split second marian hesitated to tell mad dog they 'd reached the fishing hole . 
 she knew he 'd pull his hand away then , and she 'd be as she was before . 
 a woman unconnected and alone . 
 she sighed , and in the silence the sound was achingly pathetic . 
 was she really so lonely that holding a man 's hand-even mad dog 's - could reduce her to silent lies ? 
 `` we 're here , '' she said , wishing she could put a stronger spine in her words . 
 instead , they sounded wistful and vaguely disappointed . 
 exactly the way she felt . 
 he waited a heartbeat , then let go of her hand . 
 the cool breeze immediately rushed in , chilling flesh that moments ago had been warm and damp and joined . 
 she dropped the tackle box and rods . 
 they hit the grassy earth with a jangling thud . 
 mad dog sat down and stretched his long legs out . 
 leaning back on his elbows , he grinned up at her . 
 reaction set her fingertips trembling . 
 god , how long had it been since a man had looked at her like that ? 
 as if she were young and beautiful ... as if she mattered . 
 the warm humor in his eyes snagged a corner of her heart , made her yearn again for that amorphous something that she 'd never known . 
 `` you gon na stand there all day ? '' 
 marian felt as if she were melting . 
 she swallowed hard , trying to remind herself that he was a no-account drifter who offered nothing but pretty words and a quick good-bye . 
 their gazes met . 
 the cocky grin faded slowly from his lips . 
 he gave her a look so smoldering and intense , mariah 's knees almost buckled . 
 `` mariah , '' he whispered . 
 straightening , he reached a hand up to her . 
 she could n't have drawn back her hand to save her soul . 
 she placed her fingertips on his warm palm . 
 a shiver went through her at the contact . 
 slowly she sank to her knees beside him . 
 please , she thought , drowning in his steel gray eyes . 
 touch me before i remember you 're someone i can never have . . . . 
 but it was too late . 
 she 'd already remembered . 
 trembling , she drew her hand back and tried to smile . 
 `` you want a cup of coffee ? '' 
 `` that 's not what i want , and you know it . '' 
 she pulled her gaze away from his compelling eyes and stared hard at her lap . 
 `` do n't look at me like that . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 reluctantly she eased her chin up and met his gaze . 
 `` like you want something from me . '' 
 `` but i do . 
 i want - '' she brought a hand up . 
 `` do n't say it . 
 please . '' 
 she was kneeling in the cold , damp grass beside him . 
 moisture seeped though her woolen skirt and thick winter underwear , but she barely noticed . 
 her every sense was focused on the man sprawled casually beside her . 
 he half turned , half rolled toward her . 
 `` you intrigue me , marian . 
 is there something wrong with that ? '' 
 a quavering heat moved through her body at his simple words . 
 they were exactly what she 'd come to expect from him . 
 not a false proclamation of love , not even a declaration of desire . 
 simply a devastating statement of fact . 
 you intrigue me . 
 suddenly she was afraid of him , afraid with every particle and fiber of her being . 
 she might be able to defend herself against pretty words , might even be able to thwart her own desires , but his honesty was somehow stronger , more potent , than she could bear . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , fighting for control . 
 trying to find the casual armor that would keep him away from her ... keep her own yearnings at bay . 
 she forced a brittle , frightening laugh . 
 `` mr. stone , must you say everything that comes into your head ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 mariah had no answer for that , no quick self-defensive comeback . 
 after a few interminable , heart-thumping seconds , she opened her eyes . 
 and found him staring at her . 
 her breath caught . 
 she became achingly aware of the sounds of the dawn : the water 's current , the wind 's caress , his even breathing . 
 the unfamiliar soap and woodsmoke smell of him filled her senses . 
 `` come here , '' he whispered . 
 she stared into his eyes and felt as if she were falling . 
 she wanted to back away , needed to back away , but she could n't . 
 slowly-so slowly-she leaned toward him . 
 his hand came up . 
 she felt his fingers , damp with dew and roughened by dirt , curl around her neck . 
 his thumb brushed along her jaw in a feather-stroke . 
 he drew her toward him , closer , closer , until she could feel his every breath like a caress against her tingling mouth . 
 their lips touched . 
 his tongue darted out , breezed along her lower , lip . 
 mariah started to tremble . 
 `` mariah , '' he whispered , his lips moving gently against her own . 
 `` do n't . . . '' 
 she pulled backward , ashamed and humiliated and desperate . 
 her hands curled into tight , trembling fists in her lap . 
 `` i c-can ` t. '' `` can ' `` t what ? '' 
 she refused to look at him . 
 `` you know . '' 
 he touched her chin with his forefinger , forced her to look at him . 
 `` say the words . '' 
 she looked into his passion-darkened eyes and almost cracked . 
 he wanted her . 
 it was a dizzying , exhilarating sensation that soared through her blood like a burst of hot sparks . 
 her self-control started to spiral away from her . 
 she was inches-centimeters-away from throwing caution to the wind . 
 she had to do something to keep him from kissing her again . 
 she searched frantically for something to keep them apart , and came up with words . 
 `` i ca n't ... kiss a man whose name i do n't even know . '' 
 surprise widened his eyes . 
 the lazy , promise-laden smile dulled . 
 frowning , he drew back . 
 mariah 's pent-up breath released . 
 she 'd done it , made him pull away . 
 thank god . 
 `` you 're good at it , '' he said softly . 
 mariah shivered beneath his perceptive look . 
 `` good at what ? '' 
 `` protecting yourself . 
 the name bit was particularly clever , i 'll give you that . 
 but it wo n't work-at least , not for long . '' 
 `` w-why not ? '' 
 he leaned close enough to kiss her again , but he did n't . 
 she felt his slow , even breathing like a whisper of promise against her mouth . 
 `` because you want me . '' 
 fear cascaded through her in an icy cold wash . 
 she jerked to her feet . 
 stumbling through the fishing gear , she put some distance between them . 
 `` no i do n't . '' 
 he grinned up at her . 
 `` pretty fast moving for a lady who has no interest . '' 
 get away from him , now . 
 before you do something stupid - mariah snatched up her skirts and headed back towards the house . 
 `` catch your own fish , mr. stone . 
 i have better things to do . '' 
 the rich , rumbling strains of his laughter followed her , nipped at her heels . 
 she could n't outrun it , could n't ignore it . 
 damn him-and damn her lonely soul . 
 she knew why she could n't outrun his words , could n't forget the feel of his lips on hers . 
 it was painfully , humiliatingly obvious . 
 he was right . 
 and they both knew it . 
 mariah ran up the porch steps and flung the front door open . 
 skidding into the comforting darkness of the foyer , she sank onto the cushioned bench and let out her breath in a quivering sigh . 
 she slumped forward and covered her face with her hands . 
 her whole body was trembling , and she could n't stop it . 
 `` oh , god ... '' she whispered into her hands , feeling the moist , humid heat of her own breath . 
 for a second there she 'd forgotten everything , her past , her pain , her future . 
 she 'd wanted him to kiss her , wanted it with a desperation that left her shaken and weak and defenseless . 
 she 'd come so close to destruction ... . 
 but not close enough . 
 she forced the harsh words into her mind . 
 she had n't succumbed ; that 's what she had to focus on , that 's what she had to remember . 
 she had to focus on the success ; not how close she 'd been to failure . 
 she 'd felt vulnerable , but she had n't let herself be vulnerable . 
 thankfully , there was a difference . 
 she 'd been tempted , but she had n't given in . 
 gradually her breathing normalized . 
 her fear slid back into the dim recesses of her mind . 
 slowly she pushed to her feet and headed into the kitchen . 
 in the doorway , she came to a stumbling halt . 
 jake was at the kitchen table , alone . 
 he sat slumped in his chair , his elbows rested on the oilclothed table , his face cradled in his hands . 
 he looked sad and lost and alone . 
 exactly the way she felt . 
 her heart went out to him , twisted hard . 
 where were his parents ? 
 who cared for him when he was sick and kissed his cheek when he was depressed ? 
 who darned his socks and answered his boyish questions about the world ? 
 the concern helped her , made her focus on his pain instead of her own . 
 before she knew it , she was moving toward him . 
 beneath her feet , the floorboards creaked . 
 he looked up , startled . 
 `` miss throckmorton - '' she smiled . 
 `` call me mariah . '' 
 his hands plunged beneath the table . 
 `` r-rass told me to meet him here before breakfast . '' 
 she poured two cups of steaming , fragrant coffee and went to the table . 
 setting one down in front of him , she sat beside him . 
 `` you do n't have to explain , jake . 
 you 're welcome here . '' 
 his eyes rounded . 
 then slowly his shoulders sagged . 
 a tired , lonely breath escaped him . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 mariah 's own breath caught . 
 she could tell how much her simple words had meant to him . 
 she wondered again about his life , wondered if he 'd ever belonged anywhere . 
 and again she thought of thomas , and the promise of his life . 
 he blinked at her , and a thick lock of dirty hair fell across one eye . 
 he blushed and pushed it aside . 
 `` sorry , '' he mumbled , `` my hair 's sorta long ... '' mariah reacted immediately to his shame . 
 hope niggled through her , a fraying thread . 
 she wet her dry lips and tried to sound casual . 
 `` i ... i could cut it for you . '' 
 he looked up , surprised . 
 `` you 'd do that ... for me ? '' 
 `` certainly , but - '' she glanced down at the table , uncertain suddenly . 
 a host of sad memories took hold of her for a heartbeat before she could push them away . 
 `` but what ? '' 
 she swallowed and met his gaze . 
 `` i 've never cut a young man 's hair . '' 
 / should have , but i have n't . . . . 
 `` i just do it with a razor . '' 
 the quiet , matter-of-fact words lifted her from her moment 's sadness . 
 `` i have shears . '' 
 he smiled ; it was a slow , tentative smile that matched her own emotion . 
 `` i 'd sure appreciate it . '' 
 mariah looked at him , and knew somehow that this moment was as important to him as it was to her . 
 it felt potent and right ... almost like a beginning , though she was afraid to really believe it . 
 she got to her feet and filled a bucket with warm water , then lugged it back to the table . 
 as she set it down , water spilled over the bent metal rim and puddled on the oilcloth cover . 
 `` go . 
 ahead and sit on this chair , '' she said , indicating the butter stool . 
 `` i 'll go get a comb and shears . '' 
 he glanced at her nervously . 
 `` okay . '' 
 mariah turned and bolted up the stairs , grabbing the shears and comb from her dresser . 
 when she returned to the kitchen , he was sitting on the stool in the middle of the room . 
 she wrapped a towel around his neck and dampened his hair . 
 standing behind him , she studied his dirty , unkempt head . 
 `` how long do you like it ? '' 
 `` my mama used to cut it along my collar . '' 
 his voice was quiet , almost wistful . 
 `` she liked it a little long . '' 
 with shaking fingers , she touched his hair , running her index finger along the ragged , uneven ends . 
 again she wondered how he came to be here . 
 once , he 'd obviously had a mother who cared , who cut his hair and took care of him . 
 who would n't have wanted her little boy 's hair to look like this . 
 she picked up the comb and tugged the tangles from his hair . 
 for a dreamy , unreal moment , she was flung back to a time that never had existed but should have . 
 thomas . . . 
 jake made a soft , gurgling sound in his throat . 
 she paused , pulled from the dream by the quiet noise . 
 `` did i hurt you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 his voice sounded thick , embarrassed . 
 `` it felt ... good . '' 
 mariah started to smile . 
 `` oh . '' 
 slowly she combed his knotted hair and massaged his scalp with her fingers . 
 then , biting her lower lip , she began to cut along his collar . 
 snip . 
 snip . 
 snip . 
 she tried to think of something to say to him , but it had been years since she 'd made small talk , and never with a young man . 
 it was suddenly important that he like her ; she did n't want to say the wrong thing and ruin everything . 
 he was like her , she could tell . 
 alone and lonely and afraid . 
 she wanted desperately to connect with him , to forge some kind of a friendship , but she did n't know how . 
 for many years she 'd been unconnected to people , a loner . 
 she had no idea how to change that . 
 `` jake . . . '' 
 she said his name softly , unaware even that she 'd spoken until he answered . 
 `` uh-huh ? '' 
 she froze , trying to think of something to say now that she 'd started . 
 `` i ... uh ... notice there 's a rip in your shirt . 
 i could sew it for you . '' 
 `` i 'd really appreciate that , miss ... mariah . 
 thanks . '' 
 she felt a surprising rush of relief . 
 it was a beginning , anyway . 
 more of one than she 'd made in years . 
 `` good . '' 
 his body relaxed , lost some of it rigid stiffness . 
 `` i 'm not too good with a needle and thread . '' 
 his voice was soft and quiet , almost casual . 
 and she thought perhaps he 'd smiled . 
 yes , she thought in amazement , it 's a beginning . 
 for both of us . 
 chapter thirteen marian stirred the thick , bubbling oatmeal and stared out the window , watching dawn creep through the orchard in a rising curtain of rose-gold light . 
 she tried to tell herself that she was n't looking for anything-or anyone-in particular . 
 but her gaze kept veering toward the creek . 
 `` is this enough ham ? '' 
 jake asked , turning expectantly toward her . 
 she glanced at him and smiled . 
 he stood beside her , carefully slicing ham on the slopstone . 
 he looked like a different boy than he had just half an hour ago . 
 he 'd taken a bath , and his shorter newly washed hair shone like a copper penny in the early morning light . 
 her heart squeezed at the sight of him . 
 for a second , just that , she felt as if he belonged here . 
 as if maybe he 'd even stay . 
 she swallowed a lump of emotion and nodded at him . 
 `` that 's just right , jake . 
 thanks . '' 
 `` you want me to put it in the frying pan ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 she sidled away from him , making room . 
 he scraped a scoop of bit-studded leftover lard from the battered blue speckled tin and slapped it in the hot pan . 
 the gray-white smear slid across the pan in a hissing trail . 
 `` you helped your mother cook , did n't you ? '' 
 jake looked up at her . 
 their eyes met , and in the green depths she saw a heartbreaking sorrow . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 mariah wet her lips and smiled down at him , feeling a sharp sting in the region of her heart . 
 this time she did reach out and brush the hair from his eyes . 
 `` she 's a lucky woman to have a son like you . '' 
 he started to say something , but before he could get a word out , the front door opened . 
 jake gasped and jerked back . 
 his eyes rounded . 
 `` mad dog 's here . '' 
 mariah 's heart lurched , her breathing sped up . 
 anxiously she glanced at the doorway . 
 `` go on and sit down , jake . 
 i can finish it from here . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 he grabbed his lukewarm cup of coffee and hurried back to his chair . 
 there was a squeaking groan of wood and wire as he sat down . 
 mariah stiffened , breathing deeply . 
 calm down , mariah . 
 do n't let mad dog rattle you . 
 what happened at the river was nothing . 
 nothing at all . 
 but it was a lie , and she knew it . 
 no amount of rationalization could change the truth . 
 her time with jake had given her a brief respite from thinking about this morning , but now that respite was over , and the truth of what had happened hammered her until she could hardly breathe . 
 god help her , she 'd wanted that kiss today , wanted it with a desperation that left her dizzy and out of control . 
 and fool that she was , she wanted it still . 
 she could n't see him right now , or speak to him . 
 she was too damn vulnerable and needy to be strong . 
 she did n't have the strength to keep her distance . 
 if he looked at her right , or touched her , she was afraid she 'd melt into his arms . 
 she jerked back from the stove and spun to leave . 
 she had to get away from him , now before he made her forget again . 
 he strolled into the room and stopped in the doorway . 
 he angled against it , resting one shoulder against the jamb . 
 `` hiya , jake . '' 
 he tipped his hat slightly and grinned at her . 
 `` mariah . '' 
 her step faltered for a half second and no more . 
 she tilted her chin up and started to push past him . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 he grabbed her wrist and pulled . 
 she stumbled against him , making a small , quiet sound of protest . 
 `` it wo n't work , '' he said softly . 
 almost against her will , she looked up at him . 
 he was smiling , but it was an easy , gentle smile without mockery or sarcasm . 
 just a smile . 
 she wet her lips . 
 `` what wo n't work ? '' 
 `` you ca n't run from it . '' 
 she wished to god she misunderstood him , but his meaning was crystal-clear . 
 `` it ? '' 
 she tried to sound haughty . 
 to her horror , her voice was breathy and weak-sounding . 
 he leaned infinitesimally toward her . 
 `` there 's something between us , mariah . '' 
 she stiffened and tried to pull away . 
 he held her fast . 
 `` there 's nothing between us . 
 i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 she licked her dry lips and stared up at him , breathing too quickly . 
 `` i do n't want there to be anything between us . '' 
 he gave her a look that was so sad , so filled with compassion and understanding , that for a moment , she felt light-headed . 
 `` that 's not the same thing , is it , mariah ? '' 
 she made a strangled , gasping sound of fear and wrenched herself away from him , running blindly from the house . 
 mad dog watched her leave , shaking his head as the door slammed shut . 
 turning back around , he strolled into the kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee . 
 `` hiya , kid , '' he said , taking a seat across from the boy . 
 jake spit up his coffee . 
 `` h-hi . '' 
 `` women , '' he said , shaking his head again . 
 the boy did n't say anything , he just sat there , staring at mad dog through wide , questioning eyes . 
 silence pressed into the room , thick and awkward . 
 mad dog felt increasingly uncomfortable . 
 `` you fight much ? '' 
 he said , for lack of anything better . 
 `` nope . '' 
 jake set down his cup and stared at mad dog as if he were waiting for something . 
 `` like fighting ? '' 
 `` not anymore . '' 
 `` how ` bout baseball ? 
 that 's a helluva game , huh ? 
 the cincinnati red stockings are my team . '' 
 `` naw . '' 
 he set down his cup . 
 `` christ , kid , help me out here . 
 i 'm just trying to make small talk . 
 what do you like ? '' 
 jake shrugged . 
 `` i dunno . 
 reading , talking , being home . 
 you know , regular things . '' 
 mad dog grinned . 
 `` not too excitin ' , kid . 
 did n't your dad teach you anything ? '' 
 for a second , jake seemed to stop breathing . 
 slowly he set his cup down and stood up . 
 `` no . 
 my dad did n't teach me anything . '' 
 mad dog frowned . 
 `` look , kid - '' but jake was n't listening . 
 he shoved away from the table and ran from the room , leaving mad dog sitting alone . 
 `` jesus christ , '' he said into the silence . 
 `` the kid 's as touchy as she is . '' 
 mariah bolted breathlessly down the loose rock path , trying to regain control . 
 then suddenly she stopped . 
 ahead lay the white picket fence . 
 she stared at it , trying suddenly to remember how it felt to be on the other side . 
 that gate used to be nothing to me . 
 ... she tried to imagine reaching for the latch , turning it , pushing through . 
 fear set in immediately , suffocating her . 
 her heartbeat sped up , her breathing stalled . 
 she swallowed hard and turned away from the fence . 
 clasping her hands together , she ran toward the orchard . 
 maybe tomorrow , she thought desperately . 
 maybe tomorrow you wo n't think twice about leaving . 
 ... but the words were hollow , empty , and she knew it . 
 she had n't wanted to leave the farm in years ; not since she 'd come back years ago , humiliated and ashamed and pregnant . 
 then , she 'd closed the gate behind her and tried to forget about the world that lay beyond the safety of this farm . 
 she 'd never meant to stay here , never meant to hide , but somehow she had n't left . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut and felt a drenching wave of despair . 
 involuntarily she remembered the last time she 'd closed that gate behind her . 
 she 'd been sixteen and full of fire and dreams . 
 stephen . 
 she sank slowly to her knees in the dewy grass and bowed her head . 
 memories of that time , that life , surged through her mind , and she was too tired to fight them off , too weak to make herself forget . 
 the night she 'd met stephen she 'd been in town with her parents for a performance of romeo and juliet by a troupe of traveling european actors . 
 stephen had , of course , been romeo . 
 she had n't been able to keep her eyes off him . 
 he was larger than life onstage , and blindingly handsome . 
 when he smiled at her , mariah 's bones seemed to melt into the rickety bench upon which she 'd been sitting . 
 no one had ever noticed her the way he had , no one had ever smiled at her quite that way before . 
 she remembered the night so clearly . 
 thousands of stars twinkled in the late summer sky . 
 after the performance , she 'd walked idly toward the bridge , kicking a stone , waiting for her parents . 
 it had taken her a long time to realize that they 'd gone home without her . 
 even now , she felt a stab of pain in her heart at the realization . 
 she knew then , as she knew now , that they loved her . 
 they simply loved each other more . 
 she sat on the timbered bridge , letting her feet dangle into the cool darkness of the night , feeling lonely . 
 palms pressed to the scratchy wood , she stared up at the blanket of stars and tried not to cry . 
 `` what 's a wee pretty girl like yourself doin ' sittin ' out here all alone ? '' 
 marian still remembered the lilting softness of his irish brogue . 
 he 'd been so handsome , her stephen . 
 so charming and beguiling . 
 a twenty-two-year-old actor with a ready laugh and a gentle touch . 
 to a lonely sixteen-year-old girl , he was a dream come true . 
 she 'd been lonely then , starved for the words `` i love you . '' 
 and when he said them , whispered them in her ear with a sweet , laughing kiss , she 'd been lost . 
 she shook her head , feeling the start of a small , bittersweet smile . 
 if only his laughter had lasted , or she had depended upon it less ... she blinked hard and forced her eyes open . 
 she tried to push the long-suppressed memories back into the shadows from which they 'd come , but she could n't find the strength . 
 she 'd fallen in love so damn easily , and asked so little in return . 
 please , god , do n't let me make that mistake again . 
 help me to be strong . 
 ... she lay back in the cool , damp grass and closed her eyes , reveling in the feel of the sun on her face . 
 she was almost asleep when the sound of footsteps awakened her . 
 she opened her eyes and looked up . 
 at first all she saw was a shadowy silhouette , backlit by the rising sun . 
 then she saw the hat , the smile . 
 a shiver moved through her . 
 mad dog . 
 she tensed , pushed up to her elbows . 
 `` naw , do n't get up . '' 
 he dropped to a sit beside her . 
 part of her wanted to get up and run-a really big part . 
 but for some reason , marian did n't move . 
 he stretched out beside her . 
 she inched away from him . 
 `` ask me something , mariah , '' he said softly . 
 `` anything you want . '' 
 she stiffened . 
 `` what makes you think i have any questions about you ? '' 
 `` you do . '' 
 `` what if i ask something that 's too personal ? '' 
 `` you ca n't . '' 
 she allowed herself to glance his way . 
 he was sprawled out beside her , arms wishboned behind his head , legs crossed at the ankles , staring up at the pale rose sky . 
 it took her breath away , just being this close to him . 
 she ached suddenly to push through the barriers of her past and let herself care about this man . 
 she realized instantly that she was being a fool , and with the realization came a sinking sense of sadness . 
 `` there are always things too personal to talk about , '' she said quietly . 
 `` not for me , mariah . 
 i 'll tell you anything you want to know . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't have any secrets . '' 
 she pushed up a little , still staring at his profile . 
 `` all right . 
 you said you never lied . 
 so what 's your sin ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` well , for most everyone , lying is their big sin . 
 what 's yours ? '' 
 he paused a minute , thinking . 
 `` i leave . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` that 's not a sin . '' 
 he turned to her . 
 there was a surprising vulnerability in his eyes . 
 `` it is the way i do it . '' 
 slowly mariah leaned back again and gazed up at the sky . 
 silence stretched between them , but it was oddly companionable , as if they were both thinking about what he 'd just said . 
 it is the way i do it . 
 she shivered , though the morning was getting warm . 
 it sounded like a warning . 
 as though he wanted to ensure that she never expected anything different . 
 but that was crazy . 
 why would he want to warn her ? 
 why would he care what she expected ? 
 `` your honesty always surprises me , mr. stone , '' she said without looking at him . 
 `` i 'll never lie to you , mariah . '' 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , trying not to be romanced by that simple sentence . 
 `` now it 's my turn to ask a question about you . '' 
 every muscle in marian 's body tightened . 
 `` i do n't recall saying i 'd play this little game . '' 
 `` it 's not a game , mariah , '' he said with a soft laugh . 
 `` it 's called conversation . '' 
 she tried to relax . 
 `` oh . 
 all right , then . 
 ask a ... nonpersonal question . '' 
 `` why do n't you leave the farm ? '' 
 the question caught her off guard . 
 she tensed , expecting to shatter at the words . 
 but , amazingly , nothing like that happened . 
 she felt almost relieved . 
 no one had ever asked her that question , and deep down , some part of her wanted to answer . 
 she was tired of pretending it was nothing . 
 tired of being afraid all the time . 
 maybe if she tried , just this once , to answer the simple question , things would finally begin to change . 
 maybe if she could talk about the gate , she could someday open it . 
 and who better to confide in than someone who would n't be around to remind her of her shortcomings if she failed ? 
 she took a deep breath and tried what she had never tried before . 
 `` w-when i was younger - '' she laughed bitterly '' - much younger , i was n't afraid of anything . '' 
 she squeezed her eyes shut . 
 `` anyway , i - '' fell in love with a loser and ran away with him . 
 she tried desperately to form the words , but the confession would n't come . 
 humiliation clogged in her lungs and washed across her cheeks . 
 god , she could n't say the words . 
 not even to a drifter who did n't care and had no one to tell and no right to judge . 
 her hands curled into tight , impotent fists . 
 defeated , she pushed up to a sit and stared dully at her tired brown skirts . 
 `` i went as far as walla walla . '' 
 she forced a brittle laugh-that much was true at least . 
 `` then i came home . '' 
 `` something happened in walla walla . '' 
 `` something . '' 
 her voice was as dead as the leaves strewn on the drying grass . 
 he rolled over onto his stomach and looked up at her . 
 his face was surprisingly earnest . 
 `` i know you do n't think much of me , but if you ever want to talk about it . . . '' 
 heat crept through her body at his simple offer-one no one else had ever made . 
 she wanted to lean toward him . 
 their faces were close now , and if she moved-even a little-they 'd be close enough to kiss . 
 the realization sparked a girlish sense of giddiness-and then an older , wiser woman 's fear . 
 yearning pulsed through her body , made her fingers shake and her throat go dry . 
 god , she wanted to touch him right now , to run her fingers through his too long hair and pretend her past was only that . 
 but , as always , she did n't have the courage . 
 she could n't give him anything of herself . 
 but she could give the truth , and surprisingly , she wanted to . 
 `` it 's not you , '' she said . 
 he frowned . 
 `` what 's not me ? '' 
 `` i 've been unfair to you , treated you badly because . . . 
 of someone else . '' 
 `` someone who hurt you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 he was a lot like you ... but perhaps not as much as i first thought . '' 
 `` in what way ? 
 handsome , charming ? '' 
 at his easy smile , weakness washed through her , calling to her in a sly , seductive voice . 
 touch him ... . 
 just try it . 
 `` come on , mariah , '' he said softly , `` how am i like the other guy ? '' 
 she swallowed hard . 
 `` you 'll . . . 
 leave . '' 
 his smile fell . 
 he looked at her with uncharacteristic seriousness . 
 their gazes locked . 
 his eyes were warm gray pools of promise , drawing her in . 
 her heartbeat sped up . 
 suddenly she wanted to be touched by mad dog , ached to be touched by him . 
 she wanted to reach out , unafraid , and feel the rough texture of his flesh . 
 make me a promise , she thought desperately . 
 even if you wo n't keep it ... `` you 're right , '' he said . 
 `` i will leave . '' 
 pain crushed through her , though she should have expected it . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut . 
 what a fool she was , wanting him to lie to her . 
 a bigger fool for thinking-even for a second-that mad dog might offer something more than his smile and a touch or two . 
 `` thank you for that , at least . '' 
 `` open your eyes , mariah , and look at me . '' 
 reluctantly she did . 
 they were so close she could see the tiny green flecks that darkened his gray eyes . 
 his breath was a whispered caress against her mouth . 
 `` you 're looking at this all wrong . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he reached up and pulled a pin from her hair . 
 she gasped quietly but did n't draw away . 
 his hand came up again , and again . 
 one by one he removed the pins , until the tight little knot collapsed . 
 a waterfall of thick , wavy hair cascaded down her arm and puddled on the grass . 
 he caressed the soft pool of hair for a long moment . 
 the quiet between them grew , intensified , until mariah thought she could hear a slight buzzing in her ears . 
 she stared , mesmerized , as his fingers moved over her hair , stroking in a gentle circle . 
 then he looked up . 
 their gazes caught , held . 
 `` mariah . '' 
 her name hung in the air between them , creating a sense of intimacy . 
 mariah longed to say something in response , but she knew that if she did , if she reached out to him even that much , she 'd be lost . 
 he gave her a slow , promise-laden smile that sent feelers of warmth to the cold reaches of her soul . 
 leaning closer , he plucked up a stalk of grass and put it in his mouth . 
 it was a long , crooked green line against the beguiling fullness of his lips . 
 then slowly , so slowly , he drew the stalk from his mouth and dragged it across her lips . 
 the touch was soft and rough at the same time . 
 mariah was achingly , desperately , aware of it , of him . 
 her every sense was stretched taut , heightened to the breaking point . 
 the simple touch to her lips sparked a dozen forbidden memories and needs . 
 she swallowed hard . 
 `` i could be the best time you ever had , '' he drawled . 
 `` and no one would ever have to know . '' 
 mariah stood at her bedroom window , staring down at the bunkhouse , her arms wrapped tightly around her body to ward off an inner chill . 
 / could be the best time you ever had . 
 over and over again she heard mad dog 's indecent proposal . 
 the words chased after themselves in her mind , grinding a groove of frailty through her stiff self-control . 
 every time she thought about it , she felt hot and cold and frightened and alive . 
 she felt as if she were drowning in a warm , seductive pool of her own desires . 
 she could barely keep her head enough above water to breathe . 
 `` he 'll leave . '' 
 she whispered the familiar words to her own rippling reflection in the glass . 
 she 'd said the words to herself a thousand times since yesterday . 
 at first they 'd sounded strong and sure-the way she felt-and they 'd given her comfort . 
 now they were getting weaker and weaker with each passing minute . 
 i could be the best time you ever had . 
 and no one would ever know . 
 it was amazing how compelling those words were . 
 they cut through her anxiety like a hot knife and filled her with giddy , tingling anticipation . 
 they seduced her , intrigued her . 
 she would never have thought that such a simple sentence could romance her so completely , could make her feel so ... free . 
 but they did . 
 nothing she did with mad dog would be held against her , or even remembered by anyone except herself . 
 not like before , when she 'd been so public about her passion ... and her heartbreak . 
 no one would ever know . 
 she shivered . 
 seductive words indeed . 
 chapter fourteen mad dog threw a dark apple into the `` red '' barrel . 
 it hit with a thunk that sent tiny bits of fruit flying . 
 absently he stared at the boy picking apples in the other tree . 
 for some strange reason , he felt bad about what had happened in the kitchen that morning . 
 `` hey , kid , '' he said , tossing another apple in the barrel . 
 jake paused in his work and peered through the colorful leaves . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` about this morning ... '' mad dog shrugged , not quite sure what to say . 
 `` i 'm sorry if i said something that upset you . '' 
 jake stared at him for a long minute , then slowly smiled . 
 `` yeah , me , too . 
 i guess i acted sorta dumb . '' 
 mad dog grinned . 
 `` hell , i do that all the time . '' 
 he waved the boy over . 
 `` come on , let 's take a break . '' 
 jake scrambled down from the ladder . 
 gently placing his sack full of apples in the `` mostly red '' barrel , he followed mad dog to the sagging wooden fence . 
 mad dog yanked his canteen from around the fence post and took a long , gulping drink of water . 
 the cool water felt good dribbling down his exposed throat . 
 `` ah , that 's good . '' 
 he handed the canteen to jake . 
 `` course , it 'd be better if it was tequila , but sometimes a guy just has to make do . '' 
 jake stared at him . 
 a tight frown worked its way across his serious face . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` do n't take me too seriously , kid . 
 it 's just a saying . '' 
 jake took a quick sip of water . 
 wiping the moisture from his lips , he looked up at mad dog through earnest green eyes . 
 `` you 're a fighter , are n't you ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 he smiled , ran a hand through his hair , and unbuttoned his shirt . 
 the cool afternoon air breezed across his sweaty chest , fluttering the edges of his shirt . 
 `` you follow me ? '' 
 jake paled . 
 the canteen slipped through his fingers and hit the grass . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 the word was a high-pitched squeak . 
 `` you follow fighting ? '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 jake 's scrawny chest caved in . 
 something that looked like relief flashed through his eyes . 
 `` yeah , i guess . '' 
 `` seems people think it 's sort of romantic . '' 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 mad dog snatched a towel from the fence rail and wiped the sheen of moisture from his brow . 
 `` nothin ' glamorous about hittin ' a man , kid . '' 
 `` why do you do it , then ? '' 
 he sat down in the warm grass and idly ran his hand through a pile of multicolored autumn leaves . 
 `` money , i guess . 
 same reason a man does anything . '' 
 `` my grandfather used to say a man should let honor guide his actions . '' 
 mad dog snorted . 
 `` yeah , i 've known men who 'd say a fool thing like that . 
 most of 'em never missed a meal in their life . '' 
 jake moved toward mad dog hesitantly and sat down a respectful distance away . 
 `` have you ? 
 missed meals , i mean ? '' 
 `` more than a few . '' 
 `` when you were a boy ? 
 i mean , that would explain - '' mad dog looked at jake sharply . 
 `` you ask a lot of questions . '' 
 embarrassment stained the boy 's cheeks . 
 he looked away , stared hard at the grass . 
 a glaze of something that looked suspiciously like tears sheened his eyes . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` oh , for christ 's sake , do n't take it so personal . 
 i just meant , there 's some things a man does n't like talking about . 
 some things / do n't like talking about . '' 
 he smiled at the boy . 
 `` so tell me something about yourself . 
 where you from ? '' 
 `` wisconsin . '' 
 mad dog could n't think of a damn thing to say about that . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` m-my grandfather 's name was jacob , too . '' 
 he glanced up , stared at mad dog through eyes that looked impossibly big against his small face . 
 `` you ever know anyone by that name ? '' 
 he felt a surprising jolt of emotion . 
 it had been years since he 'd thought of old jacob vanderstay . 
 a bitter smile thinned his lips . 
 `` yeah , i knew one once . 
 he was a mean son of a bitch , too . 
 wanted everyone to live by his rules . 
 and i never knew a person who had so many rules . '' 
 `` how did you meet him ? '' 
 mad dog leaned back against the wobbly fence rail . 
 a dozen images , long forgotten , surged through his mind , bringing a bittersweet smile to his lips . 
 laralee . 
 he shook his head . 
 christ , how long had it been since he 'd thought of her ? 
 `` i knew his daughter . '' 
 `` how come you 're smiling ? '' 
 `` she was something else . 
 i wonder what ever happened to her . '' 
 `` your wife ? '' 
 `` almost . '' 
 he grinned at the boy . 
 `` but i made a clean getaway . '' 
 the boy frowned . 
 `` did you ever go back to see her ? '' 
 `` naw . '' 
 he stretched his arms across the top rail and stared up at the endless blue sky . 
 `` she was rich and spoiled as hell . 
 her dad thought i was a lousy bum who might be redeemed by hard work in the family business . '' 
 he leaned toward jake , grinning . 
 `` you know what the family business was ? '' 
 jake looked like he was going to smile . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` funeral parlor . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` the old man wanted me to take it over if i married his precious daughter . '' 
 mad dog shuddered dramatically . 
 `` it was n't for me . 
 and laralee and her dad made it clear : if i married laralee , i was an embalmer in training . 
 so one night i just packed my stuff and moved on . 
 but for a long time i wondered what happened to her . '' 
 `` you could 've gone back to see . '' 
 there was a strange bitterness in the boy 's voice . 
 mad dog shrugged . 
 `` what for ? 
 she would n't have wanted to see me again-not after the way i ran out . 
 believe me , kid , women are funny about shit like that . '' 
 jake looked at him through green eyes that were strangely sad . 
 `` she would have wanted to see you . . . 
 i bet . '' 
 `` could be . '' 
 mad dog pulled his gaze away from jake 's face . 
 there was something unexpected in the boy 's eyes , a pathetic edge of pain that was too deep , too agonized ... mad dog tried to tell himself it did n't matter ; the boy 's pain did n't concern him . 
 but even so , an odd , prickling sensation worked down his spine . 
 it took a supreme act of will not to look at jake again . 
 he felt ... ashamed . 
 as if he 'd somehow let the boy down . 
 but that was crazy . 
 jake and mad dog had nothing in common except a kindred wanderlust that brought them both to the same small farm in the middle of nowhere . 
 besides , he told himself , what did he know about sixteen-year-old boys ? 
 maybe they were all a little sad and pathetic . 
 especially before they got laid . 
 he leaned sideways and grabbed the canteen , taking a long , satisfying drink . 
 then he thumped jake on the back . 
 `` well , kid , let 's get back to work . '' 
 uncurling slowly , he dragged his tired body to his feet and headed toward the tree . 
 but all the way there , he felt jake 's gaze on his back , a warm , tangible presence that seemed to demand something in a sly , silent voice . 
 it was goddamn disconcerting . 
 * * * rass sat beside greta 's grave , with his hand laid casually , lovingly , on the cool headstone . 
 he closed his eyes and held his breath , waiting for the scent of lavender and the gentle touch of the breeze . 
 but it did n't happen this time , and without its magic , he felt depressingly alone . 
 sweet jesus he missed her . . . . 
 he let out his breath in a tired , lonely sigh . 
 `` snap out of it , old man , '' he told himself . 
 he could n't let go now , could n't crawl into the shell of sorrow that had encased him since greta 's death . 
 now , more than ever , he had to be strong for his daughter . 
 for once , she needed him . 
 and by god , he would n't let her down again . 
 mariah . 
 her name filled him with regret . 
 `` but she 's getting better . '' 
 he said the words aloud , allowing himself to take some small measure of comfort from them . 
 this time they were n't just words to assuage his guilt . 
 they were true . 
 she was getting better . 
 she no longer stood as stiff and rigid . 
 she 'd even loosened that ridiculously tight chignon of hers . 
 she smiled at jake and laughed with mad dog . 
 she 'd taken a first step down the road to healing , a single , trembling step . 
 now he needed to kick her in the butt . 
 metaphorically . 
 anything to make her take another step . 
 and he had to do it quickly . 
 instinct told him he did n't have a lot of time . 
 but how ? 
 that was the question that had brought him to greta in the first place . 
 how could he force mariah and mad dog to see what rass saw so clearly ? 
 the sound of mad dog 's rumbling , baritone laughter seeped up from the orchard , where he and jake were i picking apples . 
 the two of them were starting to get along , rass thought . 
 probably because of the time they spent working together . 
 and suddenly rass had an idea . 
 a slow , thoughtful smile tugged at his lips . 
 `` what do you think , greta ? 
 am i on the right track ? 
 could a little time alone together be the answer ? '' 
 this time the breeze came , ruffling through the fallen leaves in a chattering , dancing swirl . 
 it smelled of sunshine and warm earth and lavender . 
 rass smiled . 
 he had his answer . 
 whistling softly , smiling , he said good-bye to greta and headed down to the orchard . 
 as he came over the rise and dropped down into the thicket of trees , he heard the crack-thunk of an apple hitting a barrel . 
 he peered around a large , leafy tree and saw jake first . 
 the boy was burrowed high in the tree , carefully plucking ripe apples from the branches . 
 mad dog was at the next tree , throwing apples , one at a time from the pile in his arms , into the various barrels . 
 rass shook his head . 
 fortunately mad dog was an honest , good-hearted man , because he was pure disaster as an apple picker . 
 rass stepped away from the shielding foliage of the tree . 
 `` you trying to go straight from picking to applesauce in a single step ? '' 
 mad dog spun toward rass 's voice . 
 he had the good grace to wince at being caught . 
 `` shit . 
 sorry , rass . '' 
 `` well , i guess there 's too many rules around here , anyway . '' 
 mad dog grabbed his hat from the fence post and cocked it on his head , grinning at rass . 
 `` it 's a specialty of mine-breaking rules . 
 one of the few things i do well . '' 
 jake climbed down from the tree and headed toward rass . 
 `` hi , rass . '' 
 he set a few apples into the `` mostly red '' barrel and reached for the canteen . 
 `` hey , jake , '' rass said , `` i thought i 'd go to town for a few things . 
 do you know how to drive a buggy ? '' 
 jake nodded . 
 `` sure , rass . 
 i used to drive my mama to the doctor 's . '' 
 `` good . 
 run on down to the pasture and catch cleo for me . 
 she 's the swaybacked black . 
 you ca n't miss her . '' 
 jake reached down for his slouch hat and crammed it on his head , then started walking . 
 rass and mad dog watched silently as the boy turned down the gravel road and headed for the barnm . 
 they stood in companionable silence for a long time . 
 the sun was just beginning its lazy descent . 
 the blood-red shadows of twilight clung to the darkening horizon . 
 memories came flooding back to rass , filling the cold , dark places in his heart with remembered warmth . 
 `` greta used to love this time of day , '' he said softly . 
 `` she called it the magic hour . 
 more than day and less than night . '' 
 `` she must have been quite a woman , rass . 
 i 'm ... sorry . '' 
 `` nothing to be sorry about . '' 
 they lapsed into silence again . 
 somewhere a bird chirped . 
 wind whispered through the leaves of the trees , stirring the crispy , fallen reminders of autumn . 
 from the hidden recesses of the river came the first bulging ribbits of lonely bullfrogs . 
 tears burned rass 's eyes , turned the shadowy fields into a golden-red smear . 
 `` i never thought she 'd die ... . '' 
 mad dog gave rass 's shoulder a comforting squeeze , but did n't say anything . 
 rass gazed out across the orchard , feeling greta 's presence beside him . 
 he fisted his hand , knowing that her essence , some ephemeral part of her soul , lay within his grasp , had always lain within his grasp . 
 it gave him strength and purpose and a sense of quiet well-being . 
 `` sometimes , when i stand under the tree on the hill , i see her . 
 she 's waiting for me . '' 
 mad dog shifted his weight from side to side and looked away . 
 `` am i making you uncomfortable ? '' 
 rass asked with a crooked smile . 
 mad dog let out his breath in a relieved gust . 
 `` very . '' 
 `` i know you do n't believe me . 
 marian does n't either . 
 that 's because you 've never been in love , either one of you . '' 
 mad dog laughed . 
 `` no surprise there , professor . '' 
 `` one day you 'll feel what i felt for greta , and then you 'll know . 
 that feeling just does n't go away . 
 not even if one of you dies . '' 
 `` i would n't bet on me feeling that , rass . '' 
 that 's exactly what i 'm betting on . 
 rass cleared his throat and stared up at mad dog . 
 it was time to say what he 'd come to say . 
 `` will you take care of marian for me while i 'm gone ? '' 
 mad dog laughed . 
 `` how long you gon na be gone ? '' 
 rass frowned at the answer . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 `` sure it does . 
 you 're gon na be gone for supper , maybe overnight , i 'll say yes . 
 you 're leaving till spring , i 'd say find someone else . '' 
 `` i thought you liked mariah . '' 
 `` i do ... a hell of a lot actually . 
 what 's that got to do with it ? '' 
 `` well ... i thought you 'd sort of like to stay . 
 after all , you 're still here . '' 
 `` you have n't paid me yet . '' 
 rass eyed mad dog speculatively . 
 the young man was trying like hell to appear disinterested , but he could n't mask his emotions completely . 
 deep in his eyes , rass saw what he wanted-needed-to see . 
 mad dog was n't as detached as he tried to appear . 
 rass fished through the baggy , lint-softened interior of his pants pocket for his wallet . 
 flipping it open , he pulled out a crisp ten-dollar bill and handed it to mad dog . 
 `` here you go . 
 i 'm paying you-more than i owe you for the week . 
 you going to leave now ? '' 
 mad dog stared down at the paper money for a long , silent moment , then slowly he looked up and met rass 's gaze . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 mad dog flinched . 
 `` i 'm not ready to move on , i guess . '' 
 `` and that has nothing to do with my daughter ? '' 
 he sighed quietly and ran a hand through his shaggy hair . 
 `` i wish it did n't , professor . '' 
 rass did his best not to smile . 
 `` but it does . '' 
 mad dog squeezed his eyes shut . 
 `` yeah , it does . '' 
 he looked up suddenly , his gaze sharp on rass 's face . 
 `` do n't make too much of it , rass . 
 i 'm not the kind of man who stays anywhere too long . '' 
 `` maybe this time 'll be different . '' 
 a grim smile pulled at mad dog 's mouth . 
 `` i 've had plenty of women say that , but somehow it never is . '' 
 rass thought about saying more , but knew it was n't the time . 
 there were certain discoveries a man had to make for himself . 
 `` well , i 'm just going into town for a few hours . 
 i thought i 'd take jake out to that chinese restaurant for supper . 
 but i do n't like to leave mariah alone on the farm . 
 you know , in case there 's trouble . '' 
 mad dog smiled . 
 `` sure thing , rass . 
 i 'll keep an eye on her for you . '' 
 rass thumped him on the back . 
 `` i knew i could count on you . '' 
 mad dog laughed . 
 `` now , there 's a first . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` no one counts on me , professor . '' 
 he looked up at the younger man 's face . 
 `` like i told you , maybe this time is different . '' 
 rass let the sentence sink in , with all its possibilities , then he turned and walked away . 
 chapter fifteen mad dog yelled for mariah , but there was no answer . 
 she was probably hiding someplace , trying to keep out of his way now that they were alone on the farm . 
 he could n't say he blamed her . 
 grabbing his towel and soap from the bunkhouse , he headed to the house for his nightly shower . 
 he bounded up the sagging porch steps and rapped hard on the door . 
 he did n't expect an answer , but he knocked just the same . 
 mariah always made a point of not being around when he took his regularly scheduled shower . 
 no one answered . 
 he reached for the brass knob and turned it , easing the door open . 
 it creaked on its hinges and swung inward . 
 he poked his head into the shadowy house . 
 it was a deathly quiet void . 
 he slipped through the door and lit a lamp . 
 golden light cut a path through the shadows . 
 he closed the door behind him and went to the base of the stairs . 
 `` mariah ? 
 are you up there ? '' 
 still no answer . 
 `` if you are , i 'm gon na take my shower . '' 
 he started to turn away from the stairway , then stopped . 
 mariah 's room was at the top of stairs . 
 up there , just a few short feet away , lay her secret sanctuary . 
 somewhere , amongst her personal items , was the trinket or doodad that would explain the sadness in her eyes and the bitterness in her smile . 
 before he knew it , he was walking up the stairs . 
 at the landing he paused and looked around again . 
 the corridor was dark and empty . 
 `` mariah ? '' 
 he called her name tentatively , hoping now that she would n't answer . 
 she did n't . 
 he crept toward her bedroom and gently turned the knob . 
 with a single push , the door swung inward on its arc . 
 the room was austere and cold , lit only by the bloody red haze of a dying sun . 
 no fresh flowers brightened the dresser , no scrap of lace softened the scratched wood of the washstand . 
 a white coverlet lay stretched across the four-poster oak bed like a layer of new-fallen snow . 
 not a single wrinkle marred the stark linen . 
 there was no hint , no evidence at all , of the woman who slept beneath it . 
 he felt ... disappointed but had no idea why . 
 the dresser caught his eye . 
 slowly , feeling keenly out of place , he crossed the shadowy room . 
 the top of the dresser was empty but for a meticulous pile of hairpins in a cracked china saucer , and a wooden hairbrush . 
 there were no knickknacks , or photos , or mementos . 
 no dried rose from a long-ago love affair . 
 gently he eased the top drawer open and found it filled with precisely folded undergarments . 
 he closed the drawer quickly and opened the others , one by one . 
 it was n't until the bottom drawer that he found anything even vaguely enlightening . 
 there , folded in a small , neat square , was a thin blue blanket , its edges lovingly embroidered in yellow and green flowers and puffy white lambs . 
 beside it lay an old-fashioned baby bottle and a tarnished silver rattle . 
 he thought of the hours that embroidery had taken , the time that someone had spared to make the hem just right , the blossoms perfect . 
 greta , no doubt . 
 the woman had made certain that the blanket was just right for her baby . 
 and mariah had saved it all these years along with her bottle and rattle . 
 was n't that how women did things ? 
 pass special items down from generation to generation . 
 for the throckmorton women , it all ended here in a half-empty , forgotten drawer . 
 mariah had no children to wrap lovingly in the blanket . 
 but she kept the baby things all these years , obviously hoping for the future . 
 frowning , he eased the drawer shut . 
 did she still hope for a child , had she ever ? 
 or was this the resting place for forgotten dreams ? 
 the questions made him feel edgy , opened the way for feelings he did n't want to have . 
 straightening , he moved cautiously toward the ar-moire . 
 he knew what he 'd find before he opened it , and he was n't disappointed . 
 it was filled with dozens of drab , brown dresses and tired aprons . 
 she did n't even own a dress of another color . 
 why ? 
 he wondered . 
 why was she so obsessed with looking drab and unobtrusive ? 
 feeling unaccountably sad , he left the room and went into the hallway , closing the door behind him . 
 he was halfway down the stairs when he realized why he felt uncomfortable . 
 he stopped and glanced back up the stairs . 
 it dawned on him , what he 'd found in her room . 
 it was a room exactly like his . 
 empty , impersonal . 
 the room of a person who chooses not to exist . 
 it was a place with a bed , but no memories . 
 a place to sleep ; not a place to dream . 
 his frown deepened . 
 he 'd made a mistake in coming here tonight . 
 he 'd wanted to see a room filled with ruffly knickknacks and lacy gewgaws . 
 a room like any other , to indicate that she was a woman like any other . 
 what he 'd found was the lonely , empty refuge of a woman strikingly disconnected to the world . 
 a woman he understood all too well . 
 mariah strode briskly from the washhouse , a set of clean sheets wedged under one arm . 
 in her other hand , she held a half-full wash bucket and a broom . 
 soapy water sloshed over the metal rim and splashed her feet as she walked . 
 she needed something to keep her busy while jake and rass were gone . 
 anything to keep her from thinking about the fact that she and mad dog were alone here . 
 hard work , she decided , was the best defense to runaway nerves . 
 so , bucket in hand , she headed for the bunkhouse . 
 today was cleaning day ; it always had been , and she refused to allow her careful routine to be upset by mad dog 's presence . 
 she 'd carefully scheduled his showers-every night at seven-thirty-and he was always in the bathing room for at least thirty minutes . 
 thus , she figured she had at least half an hour before mad dog finished his shower and came looking for her . 
 and she knew from experience that she could clean the bunkhouse in less than twenty minutes . 
 when she came to the small , darkened outbuilding , she paused and set down her bucket and broom . 
 without bothering to knock , she pushed the door open . 
 dark silence tumbled back at her . 
 she straightened her spine and went to the bedside table . 
 lighting a lamp , she looked around and made a quiet , tsldng sound of displeasure , then went to work . 
 the bunkhouse was small , and took no time to clean . 
 she swept the floor , washed the window , swiped the dusty dresser , and shook out the curtains . 
 then she paused , breathing hard , swabbing the sheen of sweat from her brow . 
 what now ? 
 glancing around the room , she saw a gray-white bag slumped in the corner . 
 it was his bag , she realized instantly . 
 the only thing he 'd brought with him . 
 she wondered what was in it , what he valued enough to carry from place to place . 
 `` maybe i 'll just unpack for him , '' she said aloud . 
 yes , that was reasonable . 
 a friendly thing to do . 
 cautiously she moved to the corner and kneeled down . 
 she pulled on the fraying rope drawstring . 
 the bag fell open . 
 a threadbare black shirt , twisted into a tight , wrinkled ball , rolled toward her , hovering at the canvas lip . 
 she pulled it out , staring at it a long moment before she folded it and put it in the dresser 's middle drawer . 
 one by one , she drew out his belongings-two pairs of faded , holey blue jeans , a patched flannel shirt , a ragged oilcloth coat , socks , and underthings . 
 she folded and put them away , then opened the bag wider and peered in . 
 a collection of tattered notebooks and loose sheets of paper lay in the bottom . 
 she pulled one of the notebooks out and it fell open . 
 she tried not to read it , but the words leapt out at her , drew her in . 
 the ravages of poverty are all around me , haunting the train lines with the pathetic , pitiful wails of hungry children , the quiet whimpering of desperate parents . 
 the country is falling apart , one homeless , wandering person at a time . 
 how can this , the greatest nation on earth , allow its people to go uncared-for , unfed ? 
 there the entry stopped . 
 frowning , she flipped through to another page . 
 the winter of ' 92 - '93 was relentlessly cold for the thousands of men who camped along the boggy beaches of lake michigan . 
 they worked for endless , backbreaking hours on structures that , once finished , would rise into the cloudy illinois skies like the spires of a magical fairyland . 
 together , they dreamed , and the country , it seemed , dreamed right along with them . 
 but like all dreams , the much-anticipated world 's columbian exposition of 1894 had a dark , nightmarish side to it . 
 and like all nightmares , it has been pushed aside by the strident light of day , to be forgotten . 
 the fair opened on may first , and what a glorious opening it was . 
 white-pillared palaces rose from a six-hundred-acre oasis of lagoons , courts , and plazas . 
 the whole world gazed at the midwestern united states in awe . 
 it ran for six months , then closed . 
 the elegant , breathtaking white fairyland came down one piece at a time . 
 and what was left after the magic had run its course ? 
 a hundred thousand jobless , dreamless men , women , and children wander the cold , empty streets of chicago , huddling around street corners and begging for scraps of food . 
 they stand in endless , desperate breadlines , battered tin cups outstretched . 
 babies and young mothers sleep in open doorways and beneath damp blankets of newspaper . 
 never has the chasm between progress and poverty been so hauntingly large in this country as it is today . 
 we are in the clutches of an economic depression so carnivorous and insatiable , it 's eating the very fabric of our lives . 
 we are sacrificing our children to it , our future . 
 and no one , it seems , is listening ... . 
 mariah closed the book , shaken . 
 his images were potent and unforgettable . 
 she 'd known , of course , of the depression that gripped the country , but she never dreamed it was so urgent , so bleak . 
 she swallowed thickly , feeling sick for the children - babies-living without food or shelter . 
 his words moved her more than she would have imagined possible , told her something about the man who 'd written them . 
 these were n't the musings of a carefree drifter with an easy smile . 
 this article was written by a man who knew the taste of tragedy , the feel of it . 
 knew it as intimately as she knew sorrow and despair . 
 they were the words of a dreamer , someone who wanted to change the world . 
 a man who understood pain and sorrow and death . . . 
 and hope and redemption and second chances . 
 a man who believed in love . 
 mariah was mesmerized by the thought , drawn to it like a moth to a burning flame . 
 somewhere behind the cocky grin and drifter bravado lay the true mad dog-or whatever his real name was . 
 absently she pulled the notebooks from the bag and gently piled them in the bottom drawer , then shut it . 
 folding the bag , she slid it under the dresser and reached for the sheets , then crossed the room and started to make his bed . 
 in quick , practiced motions , she stripped off the wrinkled old sheets and tossed them outside . 
 then she whipped the bottom sheet in place and started smoothing it out . 
 the sound of footsteps interrupted her concentration . 
 she froze . 
 a shadow crossed the open door . 
 she glanced sideways . 
 he stood in the doorway , arms crossed , wearing his dirty black cowboy boots and a turkish towel . 
 and nothing else . 
 she gasped . 
 `` oh , my lord . . . '' 
 the top sheet slipped through her fingers and slumped on the bed . 
 he grinned , his teeth startlingly white amidst the shadows . 
 `` now , ai n't this a surprise ... '' she could n't speak . 
 not for the life of her . 
 his left eyebrow cocked upward . 
 `` a pleasant surprise . '' 
 `` good evening , '' she managed , though there was no air in her lungs . 
 she stared at him , unable to glance away . 
 at the look in his eyes , seductive and predatory , her control started to unravel . 
 all the questions about him , about her , about them , spiraled through her mind so fast , she felt lightheaded . 
 and his words / could be the best time you ever had hung in the air between them , tense and heavy . 
 he might as well have said them again . 
 `` here , let me help you . '' 
 he strolled to the bed and stood at the other side . 
 the crisp white sheets spread between them , cool and inviting . 
 mariah tried not to look up , tried to concentrate on the bed and only the bed . 
 but no matter which way she turned , she saw the flat , well-muscled flesh of his stomach , and the soft , coffee brown hair that furred his chest . 
 the acrid scent of lye , softened by masculinity and woodsmoke , hovered between them . 
 he bent toward her . 
 a long lock of damp , wheat blond hair fell across one gray eye . 
 she tried not to look at him , but could n't help herself . 
 he was so devastat-ingly handsome . 
 his eyes were crinkled in the corners , dancing with seductive gray light . 
 deep , grooved laugh lines bracketed his full lips . 
 without the scraggly stubble of beard , his jaw was strong and squared . 
 he grinned at her and leaned closer . 
 their gazes fused above the blinding whiteness of the sheet . 
 she swallowed hard and dropped her gaze . 
 his hand moved in a seductive , circular motion on the sheet , smoothing out the wrinkles . 
 mariah watched his hand , mesmerized for a moment by the contrast of his deeply tanned skin against the stark linen . 
 then she realized what she was doing . 
 jerking away from the bed , she nervously brushed the curly wisps of hair from her face . 
 `` there . 
 it 's done . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 his voice sounded soft , intimately beguiling . 
 it reminded her of the words she 'd read , dreamer 's words , and she felt herself soften inside . 
 she looked up , met his intense , burning gray eyes . 
 a shiver coursed through her , brought goose bumps to her arms . 
 `` i ... i cleaned the bunkhouse . '' 
 she glanced down . 
 heat spread across her cheeks . 
 she knew she should n't say the next words that came to her mind , knew , too , that she would . 
 `` for you . '' 
 he glanced around , smiling . 
 `` it looks - '' suddenly his smile faded . 
 a frown creased the tanned flesh of his brow . 
 `` where 's my bag ? '' 
 she cast a guilty glance at the corner of the room . 
 `` i put your belongings away . 
 the bag 's under the dresser . '' 
 he pinned her with eyes as cold as a winter sky . 
 `` you pawed through my things ? '' 
 his voice was quiet . 
 she licked her lips nervously , wishing she could melt into the floorboards . 
 anything-anywhere-so she did n't have to look into his eyes . 
 `` not p-pawed . 
 i just - '' then , as quickly as it had come , his anger dissolved . 
 the dark intensity in his gaze vanished , leaving sparkling gray pools that whispered of passion . 
 screamed of passion . 
 he gave her a crooked grin . 
 `` oh , well . 
 i 'm hardly in a position to be angry . '' 
 the heat of that smile hit mariah hard , worming through her insides like a trail of fire . 
 he sauntered around the bed toward her , his fingers looped casually inside the towel . 
 a silvered droplet of water clung tenaciously to the end of his hair . 
 mariah stared at the tiny bubble , focused on it , trying to drown out the rest of him . 
 but she could n't quite succeed . 
 with every step he took , she was acutely aware of him . 
 the soft thud of his bootheels on the floorboards ; the quiet , even tenor of his breathing ; the easy rise and fall of his bare chest . 
 `` mariah ... '' on his lips , her name was a whispered caress , a promise of something yet to be . 
 he stopped in front of her . 
 she stared at the drop of water , watched it quiver for a moment at the wet tip of his hair , then plummet downward . 
 it splashed in the thicket of chest hair and zigzagged down the hard , washboard length of his stomach , disappearing in the thick white fabric of the towel . 
 her gaze followed it , lingering a half second too long at the sagging waistband of the fabric . 
 his hands moved to the towel . 
 `` i could take it off ... '' fear chilled her . 
 she snapped her chin up and met his smoldering gaze . 
 `` no ! '' 
 a slow , mocking smile curved his lips . 
 `` ah , mariah ... '' she stumbled backwards and hit the wall . 
 he moved toward her . 
 `` do n't be afraid . 
 i wo n't hurt you . '' 
 a hysterical bubble of laughter escaped her . 
 she clamped a hand over her mouth , mortified that the insipid , childish sound had come from her . 
 he leaned toward her , slowly-so slowly-bringing his hands toward her face . 
 she pressed against the wall . 
 the erratic , pounding beat of her heart thundered in her ears . 
 casually he placed his fists against the wall , one on either side of her head . 
 then he leaned toward her . 
 the tip of his nose brushed hers . 
 the simple touch jolted mariah to the core . 
 her eyes widened . 
 she swallowed hard , unable to tear her gaze away from his face . 
 `` wh-what do you want ? '' 
 he kissed the end of her nose . 
 `` you know what i want . '' 
 she cleared her throat and tried desperately to sound calm . 
 `` n-no , i 'm sure i do not . '' 
 his head lowered , just a fraction . 
 mariah 's heart stopped beating . 
 time seemed for a moment to pause . 
 he kissed her , a soft , gentle brushing of lip against lip that lasted no longer than a heartbeat . 
 `` i want you , mariah . '' 
 he drawled the words against her mouth . 
 he closed his eyes , leaned infmitesimally toward her . 
 `` god help me , i should n't want you , but i do . '' 
 she felt the tender movement of his lips against hers , and a violent shiver cascaded through her body , leaving a trail of goose bumps in their wake . 
 he pulled back slowly . 
 `` come to bed , mariah . '' 
 the invitation was whispered against her ear . 
 his parted lips felt soft and moist against her flesh . 
 she froze . 
 fear spilled through her , left her cold and shaken and trembling . 
 his words came back to her , mocked her . 
 no one would ever know . 
 what a fool she 'd been to even consider them . 
 she would know . 
 what was left of her after he 'd finished would know , would always know ... she shook her head , trying to say something . 
 but her throat was as dry as old ash , and no sound came out except a pathetic whimper . 
 the progress she 'd made recently dissolved in a puddle of familiar fear . 
 it felt good , that fear , comforting . 
 it was an emotion she understood . 
 with a quiet gasp , she ducked out from his arms and ran for the door , slamming it shut behind her . 
 mariah did n't stop running until she reached the picket fence . 
 there , she sank to her knees on the cold , hard ground , and bowed her head in shame . 
 god , she wanted to cry , needed to cry . 
 / want you . 
 the soft , shattering words came at her from a hundred different directions . 
 a tiny sound of despair lodged in her throat . 
 she wanted him , too . 
 there was no longer any point in denying it ; she was weary of trying . 
 she wanted him to kiss her . 
 god help her , she 'd ached for his kiss , dreamed of it . 
 from the moment she met him , he 'd taunted her , upset her , angered her , touched her . 
 her world had n't been the same since he strolled into it last week , and it would n't be the same when he strolled out . 
 when he strolled out . 
 the words spiraled back at her , burrowed into her heart . 
 he would leave soon , and her life would go back to the way it was . 
 this brief interruption of passion would be forgotten . 
 forgotten . 
 never , probably , to come again . 
 pain welled through her at the thought of mad dog leaving her . 
 tears threatened , burned her eyes , but of course , did n't fall . 
 her shoulders caved downward , her spine rounded . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , imagining all the moments with mad dog that mattered . 
 the ones she 'd remember long from now , during the endless winter nights when she was alone and lonely . 
 she 'd remember everything about him-his gestures , his smile , his touch . 
 the way it had felt when he curled his arm around her and held her close . 
 the feel of him , the smell of him , the taste of him ... oh , god , the taste of him ... could she really let all that go ? 
 could she stand by , afraid and lonely , and let him simply walk out of her life ? 
 he 'd never stay ... once , the words had had the power to hurt her . 
 now they simply stated a bald , unemotional fact . 
 he would n't stay . 
 she could n't go . 
 in those simple words lay everything that stood between them . 
 it was so much ... and it was nothing at all . 
 the truth , when it came to her , was blindingly obvious . 
 she could n't let him go , not now , not yet , without ever tasting the passion he offered . 
 she 'd been alone for so long , her passion pent up beneath starched layers of linen and too many hairpins . 
 she did n't want to be alone anymore . 
 she wanted , needed , just this once to be touched by something more human than the wind ... she took a deep , steadying breath and stood . 
 her legs felt rubbery and unstable-whether from kneeling or from the decisions she 'd made marian was n't sure , and it did n't matter . 
 straightening her spine , she headed back to the bunkhouse . 
 with each crunching step , her fear increased . 
 so did her resolve . 
 she stopped at the door . 
 the thick , white-planked portal filled her vision . 
 it was the only thing that stood between her and passion . 
 her and pain . 
 if she knocked now , her life would never be the same . 
 do it . 
 do n't do it . 
 she let her breath out slowly , forcing her hands apart . 
 there was really no decision to be made . 
 she did n't want her life to be the same anymore . 
 she was tired of being alone and isolated , tired of being lonely . 
 her soul ached for the warmth of a touch . 
 for years she 'd thought of nothing but the past ; she 'd worried about it , agonized over it , tried to atone for it . 
 now , for once , she wanted to think about the present . 
 before she could change her mind , she knocked . 
 `` come on in , '' came mad dog 's deep , masculine voice . 
 marian 's knees almost buckled . 
 she jerked her chin up and opened the door . 
 on the bed , in a pool of golden light amidst a mass of wrinkled white sheets , lay mad dog . 
 he was sprawled casually across the mattress , one leg stretched out , one leg bent , with the turkish towel across his midsection . 
 surprise flashed through his eyes . 
 `` mariah . '' 
 he said her name in disbelief . 
 then came the smile , a slow , steady curving of lips that made marian 's heartbeat quicken . 
 she swallowed hard and tried to smile back . 
 she almost succeeded . 
 `` am i going to regret this ? '' 
 she asked in a voice so quiet and shaking , she wondered if he could hear it . 
 he sat up straighten across the wide expanse of wrinkled sheets and nak * d skin , their eyes met . 
 there was no laughter in his gaze this time , only a searing honesty . 
 `` probably . '' 
 `` will you ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` probably not . '' 
 in that instant , with that answer , mariah felt her last crumbling remnant of resistance disappear . 
 she laughed , and it was a musical , velvety sound that surprised her . 
 `` mr. stone , i do so admire your honesty . '' 
 it was true , she realized . 
 that 's what had drawn her to mad dog , what drew her now . 
 it was n't his handsome face or ready smile or teasing words . 
 it was his honesty . 
 he was recklessly , fearlessly honest . 
 his integrity touched something in her , made her yearn for the days when she , too , used to be forthright . 
 unafraid . 
 she wanted that again , wanted it with a desperation that left her winded . 
 and maybe , with mad dog beside her-even for a fleeting night of passion-she could find that kind of honesty within herself again . 
 and she was going to start right now . 
 she looked at mad dog , an honest , wide-eyed stare that held nothing back . 
 `` i want you , too . '' 
 chapter sixteen holy shit , she was serious . 
 mad dog sat up , yanking the towel tighter against his hips . 
 she was standing in the open doorway , as stiff as a blade , her hands balled at her waist . 
 fear had pulled the color from her skin and tightened her full lips into a thin , quivering line . 
 with the moonlight drizzling through the doorway and bathing her in elysian light , she looked young and frightened and impossibly vulnerable . 
 vulnerable . ' 
 he bit off a curse . 
 christ , she was such an innocent , standing there , quietly asking for something she could n't possibly understand . 
 he could give it to her - longed to give it to her-but she would n't be able to live with the consequences . 
 and , surprisingly , he was n't sure that he could , either . 
 he liked mariah , genuinely , honestly liked her . 
 he did n't want to hurt her . 
 she was n't the kind of woman for him . 
 she did n't deserve to be dallied with and then deserted . 
 she deserved better than he could give her . 
 that shocked the shit out of him . 
 he ran a hand through his hair and shook his head . 
 for the first time in his life , he was going to be a goddamn hero . 
 he could n't believe it . 
 he tightened the towel around his waist and eased carefully from the bed , walking slowly toward her . 
 she did n't back away , just stood there , as still as stone , haloed by ivory moonlight , her huge eyes focused on his face . 
 a tiny pulse beat frantically at the base of her throat . 
 `` go home , mariah . '' 
 she squeezed her eyes shut for a moment , then opened them slowly . 
 `` do n't make this any harder on me . 
 please . '' 
 the soft plea coiled around his heart and squeezed until it hurt to breathe . 
 `` you do n't know what you 're asking ... '' she looked up at him suddenly , met his gaze . 
 `` i 'm no ... virgin . '' 
 he was so surprised , both by her words and her attitude , that it took him a second to answer . 
 `` you 're not ? '' 
 `` no , '' she said with a hint of something in her voice-perhaps pride , maybe pain . 
 `` so you wo n't be ` ruining ' me . 
 that job 's been adequately handled by someone else . 
 and - '' she hesitated a heartbeat , then went on steadily '' - i ca n't have children , so you 've no problem on that account . '' 
 he heard the pain in her voice , and knew what that confession had cost her . 
 it moved him immeasurably , her gutsy attempt at courage . 
 he knew how easy , how safe , it was to be casual about the important things . 
 it was a defense he 'd used a hundred times in his life . 
 hit 'em before they hit you . 
 obviously mariah was a woman who 'd wanted children , desperately . 
 he remembered the baby blanket , and suddenly it all made sense . 
 she 'd embroidered it long ago , waiting , hoping . 
 sadness tightened his chest . 
 once again he felt that strange , inexplicable need to comfort her . 
 he brushed a strand of hair from her lip . 
 `` i 'm sorry . . . 
 about the children . 
 but doctors cap be wrong ... they 're wrong all the time . 
 ... '' `` i do n't want your pity . '' 
 she smiled , but it was a strained , hurting expression . 
 `` i want your body . '' 
 he laughed in spite of himself . 
 `` jesus , mariah - '' her smile faded . 
 she gazed up at him with heartbreaking seriousness . 
 `` i 've been stuck on this farm for years , running away from everything and everyone . 
 i do n't want to run anymore . 
 please ... make love to me , mad dog ___ '' the softly spoken words hit him like a punch to the gut . 
 christ , he 'd never had a woman say that to him before . 
 make love to me in that quivering , desperate voice . 
 it tore through his resolve and started a red-hot fire in his groin . 
 he looked away , balled his hands into painful fists . 
 she should n't be standing there , looking so damn beautiful and vulnerable , asking him to make love to her . 
 not a lady like her ; not to a man like him . 
 he should get the hell out of here , right now , just grab his shit and hit the road and never look back . 
 walk . 
 run . 
 ride . 
 anything to keep her from looking at him again , from touching him , from uttering those shattering words : make love to me . 
 `` have ... '' her voice fell to a throaty whisper . 
 `` have you changed your mind about wanting me ? '' 
 he laughed sharply and looked away . 
 `` hardly . '' 
 his answer seemed to give her courage . 
 slowly she moved toward him , until she was standing close enough to be kissed . 
 the heat from her body was a tangible , erotic presence that filled his senses . 
 she smelled of soap and water and wildflowers . 
 she looked up ; he looked down . 
 `` is something . . . 
 wrong with me ? '' 
 he flinched . 
 `` you 're not easy , goddamn it . 
 do n't you see ? '' 
 she tried to smile . 
 `` i believe i 'm being extremely easy right now . '' 
 `` i 'm no good for you , '' he whispered in a harsh , throaty voice . 
 `` i do n't care ___ '' `` i 'll leave you . '' 
 `` do n't you think i know that ? '' 
 her voice was reed-thin , almost frightened . 
 `` all i want is a night-one night-to keep me warm on all the long winter nights when i 'll have no one . 
 is that so much to ask ? '' 
 he stared down into the warm bourbon of her eyes and felt like he was falling . 
 jesus , suddenly it hurt not to touch her . 
 he wanted her so badly . 
 `` you 're worth more than that , mariah . '' 
 she made a tiny , gulping sound . 
 `` do n't ... do n't make me beg ... '' `` christ , mariah , i 'm not trying to humiliate you . 
 i just do n't want you to hate me in the morning . 
 i like you too much for that . '' 
 `` i 'll hate you more if you say no . '' 
 he wanted to back away from her , but he could n't move . 
 slowly , as if she were scared to death , she tilted her face up to his . 
 `` kiss me . . . '' 
 her voice broke slightly , her lips trembled . 
 `` aw , christ . '' 
 the curse burst from his lips in a gust of breath . 
 he could n't stop himself . 
 without thinking , he grabbed her shoulders and pulled her toward him . 
 his lips came down on hers in a hot , hard kiss that drove the breath from his lungs . 
 and at that first intoxicating taste of her , mad dog was lost . 
 his one and only attempt at being a hero shattered into a million desire-tipped shards . 
 a tiny , contented sigh escaped her , slipped from her mouth to his . 
 he pulled back slowly , staring down into her eyes . 
 a slow smile moved across his face . 
 `` god , you 're beautiful , mariah . '' 
 a prickly heat crawled up her throat . 
 without warning , she was reminded of stephen and his lies . 
 pained by the memories , she looked away . 
 `` you do n't have to say that . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she felt his gaze on her face , pointed and searching , and reluctantly she looked at him . 
 there was something in his eyes she had n't seen before , a sadness . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you think i 'm lying , do n't you ? '' 
 `` you ... lie ? '' 
 she gave a laugh that sounded fragile even to her own ears . 
 `` come here . '' 
 he pulled her to the old oval mirror that hung above the lopsided dresser . 
 maneuvering her to stand in front of it , he slipped behind her . 
 `` what do you see ? '' 
 he whispered against her ear . 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` oh , for god 's sake . 
 what does this have to do with - '' `` what do you see ? '' 
 reluctantly she let her gaze move back to the mirror . 
 `` i see my face . 
 and half of yours . '' 
 he placed his hands on her shoulders and began to knead her taut muscles . 
 the rough-skinned pads of his fingertips moved gently up and down , massaging . 
 `` what color are your eyes ? '' 
 it was hard to concentrate when his hands were working such seductive magic on her shoulders . 
 a strange sensation spilled away from his fingers , sliding down her body until she felt light enough to fly . 
 `` brown , '' she said without even looking . 
 `` wrong . '' 
 she frowned and looked at him in the mirror . 
 `` you 're saying my eyes are n't brown ? '' 
 he shook his head , smiling at her reflection . 
 `` your eyes are far from ordinary brown . 
 now , what color are they ? '' 
 `` well , they have a little ... gold in them . '' 
 he kissed her cheekbone , letting his lips loiter against her skin as he spoke . 
 his breath was hot and moist against hers . 
 `` they 're the color of fine bourbon or warmed maple syrup , '' he murmured . 
 `` what about your hair ? '' 
 `` brown . 
 well . . . 
 reddish brown . '' 
 he eased back from her face . 
 his hands slid across her shoulders and up the long , straight column of her throat . 
 one by one he pulled the pins away . 
 as if from a great distance , she heard them hit the floor with a tinny ping . 
 when they were all gone , he fanned his fingers through her long , curly hair , shaking it loose . 
 she blinked in surprise at her reflection . 
 a riotous mass of wavy , mahogany-hued hair swirled around her pale face , softening the hard lines of her cheekbones . 
 lamplight caught her hair and gilded it . 
 her eyes looked golden-brown and liquid against the creamy smoothness of her skin . 
 `` you 're beautiful , mariah . '' 
 a thrill zipped through her . 
 for the first time , the words did n't echo of the past or hint of mockery . 
 she felt beautiful . 
 a slow , trembling smile shaped her lips . 
 smiling , he turned her around . 
 the passion in his gaze sent waves of heat undulating through her bcdy . 
 her quivering smile faded . 
 slowly , without saying a word , he began to unbutton her dress . 
 mariah felt his fingers brush the soft flesh of her throat and she flinched . 
 anticipation and anxiety fluttered in her stomach . 
 her breathing sped up . 
 she fought the urge to bal his hands away . 
 the buttons fell away , the fabric gaped . 
 cool night air slid in , caressing her skin in a tingling touch . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut . 
 as if by magic , the dress peeled away from her body and swished to the floor in a heap . 
 she stepped out of it , kicked it aside . 
 `` open your eyes , mariah . '' 
 she shivered . 
 he made her name sound like something out of a love song . 
 slowly she opened her eyes and stared up it him . 
 he smiled . 
 `` i want you to see me kiss you . '' 
 he bent toward her . 
 at first it was just a feather-stroke , a touch that lasted no longer than a heartbeat . 
 a quiet sigh escaped her parted lips . 
 it was different from the first kiss ; that one made her feel desired . 
 this one made her feel loved . 
 she closed her eyes , letting herself pretend-just for now-that they loved each other . 
 his mouth moved against hers . 
 she felt the firm softness of his lips forming to hers , melding , joining . 
 at the slow , steady contact , she felt the first pulsing strands of desire . 
 he drew back slightly , so that their lips were a hairs-breadth apart . 
 she frowned and strained toward him , wanting more . 
 his tongue dragged lazily along her lower lip , tasting , exploring the full curve , then dipped into her mouth . 
 the warm , liquid tip of it flicked against hers , causing a lightning bolt of heat to lodge in her chest . 
 he pulled her against him , hard . 
 the kiss turned hot and demanding and passionate . 
 marian 's heart slammed against her rib cage and pounded a breathless , stacatto beat . 
 a deep , formless longing engulfed her , made her ache and pulse and need , for ... something . 
 the feelings scared and exhilarated her . 
 she felt blissfully alive . 
 she wanted to touch him , to explore his body , but she could n't force her arms to move . 
 his hands slid down her neck again , and she shivered uncontrollably as first one , then another finger slipped beneath the lacy eyelet of her chemise . 
 he moved gently , with excruciating slowness , peeling the fabric back from her tingling flesh . 
 half-naked , she shivered . 
 he grabbed her wrists and pulled them up , forcing her hands around his neck . 
 she clung to him , feeling the soft steel of his neck , burying her fingers in his hair . 
 the kiss deepened , became painful and intense . 
 she pressed herself against him wantonly , achingly aware of his coarse , wiry chest hair on her n ** ples . 
 with a groan , he swept her into his arms and carried her to the bed , letting her settle gently into the mounds of twisted sheets and blankets . 
 the harsh , thick wool felt scratchy beneath her nak * d back , the sheets smooth and cool . 
 in the grip of her awakening sensuality , she noticed everything . 
 the softness of the sheets , the coolness of the air on her skin , the moonlight spilling through the silvered windowpane . 
 mad dog kicked the door shut and came back to bed . 
 but he made no move to join her ; he just stood there , staring . 
 his eyes were narrowed , and as dark as tarnished steel . 
 everywhere he looked , she felt singed . 
 she lay there , breathing hard , half-naked . 
 she should have felt shame or fear , or any one of a dozen debilitating emotions . 
 but she did n't . 
 desire drugged her , made her feel sleepy and wide-awake at the same time . 
 he reached for his towel and unwound it , letting it fall to the floor in a heap of white . 
 mariah stared at his aroused , nak * d body in awe . 
 a tingling heat crept through her blood and splashed in fiery strokes across her cheeks . 
 the dull throbbing inside her sharpened , took on a painful , needy edge . 
 `` oh , my . . . '' 
 a slow , lazy smile spread across his face . 
 `` see what you do to me , marian ? '' 
 he leaned toward her and pulled at the sagging drawstring waistband of her pantaloons . 
 the flimsy linen slid away from her ticklish flesh , leaving her bare-skinned and exposed to his burning , intense gray gaze . 
 a shiver tore through her body . 
 `` do n't be afraid , '' he breathed , tossing the undergarment over his shoulder and crawling into bed alongside her . 
 the old mattress sagged beneath his weight , the metal frame creaked . 
 `` i 'm not ... . '' 
 she breathed the incredible words aloud . 
 he pulled her to him . 
 their nak * d bodies came together in a wall of searing heat . 
 she tilted her chin up and looked at him . 
 a slow , seductive smile curved his lips as he bent down for a kiss . 
 mariah closed her eyes , waiting for the moist , welcoming feel of his mouth . 
 his lips molded to hers , a soft caress that she answered with boldness , touching her tongue to his . 
 she heard the hiss of his indrawn breath , and the sound filled her with a giddy sense of her own sensuality . 
 she coiled her arms around him , held him tight and pressed her br ** sts against the hard wall of his chest . 
 she kissed him with all the passion she 'd hoarded for years . 
 she licked him , laved him , nipped at him with her teeth . 
 her tongue met his , coaxing , teasing , probing , until they were kissing with blind , desperate passion . 
 the roughened pad of his fingertip grazed the tender flesh beneath her breast , tracing the pale globe with tormenting slowness . 
 then , in agonizing inches , he moved his knuckle upward , gliding toward the straining pink peak . 
 mariah 's breath caught , held in a quivering gasp . 
 anticipation tumbled through her in an excruciating wave . 
 she shivered , squeezed her eyes shut . 
 her body turned liquid , melted , as his thumb and forefinger closed around her pebbly nipple , drawing it out in a few gentle-then not so gentle-plucks . 
 he squeezed the hardened tip and twirled it lightly back and forth before cupping the fullness of her flesh in his hand . 
 the damp heat of his palm enveloped her breast , sending shooting sparks of fire throughout her body . 
 mariah 's breath broke into short , breathy gasps that burned all the way up her throat . 
 the dull throbbing in her stomach radiated outward , lodging hot and hard between her legs . 
 restlessly , needing something she could n't name , she writhed in silent agony . 
 fire filled her body , scorched her senses . 
 the rapid , deafening beat of her heart hammered in her ears , matched the dull throbbing of her desire . 
 he drew back and let out a shaking breath . 
 `` touch me , mariah ... '' she wanted to . 
 god , she wanted to . 
 `` i ... i do n't know how . '' 
 `` try . '' 
 he said the single word quietly , on an exhalation of breath that wafted across her damp forehead . 
 she moved her hand slowly upward . 
 wincing , biting down on her lower lip , she touched his neck . 
 `` lower , '' he said in a smiling voice . 
 her fingers slid into the hair that furred his chest . 
 she closed her eyes , reveling in the feel of him . 
 each strand of his chest hair seemed separated from the rest , wiry and soft . 
 her breath released in a quiet sigh of wonder . 
 it filled her with a heady boldness , this right to touch his body at will . 
 `` lower . '' 
 she moved her hand downward again , through the thicket of his chest hair , over the hard rim of his last rib , to the soft , muscular concave of his stomach . 
 he shuddered . 
 goose bumps patterned the skin beneath her fingertips . 
 `` lower . '' 
 his voice was ragged , his breathing labored . 
 she wet her lips again and pushed her hand down , down . 
 suddenly the soft , firmly muscled expanse of his stomach was gone . 
 instead , she felt the mound of hair that grew between his legs . 
 `` oh , god ... '' `` lower . '' 
 she took a deep , trembling breath and curled her fingers around him , surprised by the velvety texture of his skin and the steel-hardness of his desire . 
 she felt how much he wanted her , and it filled her with an unexpected sense of her own power . 
 all of a sudden she felt beautiful and sexy and desirable-all the things she 'd never been before . 
 she tightened her hold on him and stroked him . 
 a quiet , animal-like growl erupted from his throat , and the sound , so primal and passionate , lodged like a spark of fire in mariah 's heart . 
 he sank deeper into the covers . 
 his pelvis pushed up into her hand . 
 `` holy christ . . . '' 
 she looked up at him uncertainly . 
 `` am i doing something wrong ? '' 
 he touched her face with trembling fingers . 
 `` not hardly . '' 
 before she could say anything else , he pulled her into his arms . 
 his lips crashed down on hers in a powerful , passionate kiss that drove the breath out of her lungs and left her trembling with need . 
 restlessly she pushed against him , pressing against the hard length of his thigh . 
 his mouth moved away from hers , slid down to her chin , then moved on again , trailing moist , openmouthed kisses along her throat , over her collarbone to the soft swell of her breast . 
 the wet tip of his tongue flicked against her nipple . 
 she gasped and arched toward him , her arms coiling around his back . 
 wave after wave of hot , aching sensation spilled through marian , becoming a pulsing ball of fire between her legs . 
 she trembled with longing , arched against him , grinding her mound against the hardness of his thigh . 
 she could n't keep still , could n't keep quiet . 
 she moaned his name as his hand moved down the quivering , sensitive hollow of her stomach . 
 `` oh , god . . . '' 
 she swallowed thickly and threw her head back into the pile of pillows behind her . 
 his fingers pushed through the curly fleece between her legs and kept moving , searching , probing for a point of pleasure . 
 he found it , slid his long , hard finger against her . 
 marian gasped . 
 her body shuddered and turned liquid , melting in readiness . 
 he rubbed his finger against her . 
 she groaned and closed her eyes as his hand moved in a frenzied , focused circle against her hot , wet flesh . 
 she clung to him , her arms shaking with need , her palms slick with sweat . 
 her fingernails dug into his flesh , scoring it . 
 the thudding beat of her heart roared in her ears . 
 sensations hammered her body , spilling through her in hot , liquid waves of fire . 
 she thrashed restlessly , her every sense focused on his hand and the delicious , forbidden things he was making her feel . 
 she arched up , driving her h * ps against his palm , pleading in a voice that sounded weak and desperate and frayed . 
 `` please ... please ... '' she did n't know what to say , what she wanted him to do . 
 she only knew that she was desperate for something , some relief . 
 with a low , groaning sound , he pulled her beneath him and covered her body with his own . 
 she felt his hardness between her legs , pressing into her . 
 he pushed up on his elbows and stared down at her . 
 their eyes locked . 
 in one sharp thrust , he entered her . 
 pain stabbed through mariah . 
 it felt as if her insides were being stretched apart . 
 with a small , surprised gasp , she tried to sink into the mattress to get away from him , but his heavy body had her pinned in place . 
 at his back , her fingers curled into tense fists and pressed against him . 
 he stilled . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she blinked up at him , feeling the embarrassing sting of tears in her eyes . 
 `` it ... hurts a little . '' 
 `` i thought - '' he shook his head . 
 `` jesus , you said you were n't a virgin . '' 
 `` i 'm not ... precisely . '' 
 she bit her lower lip and stared up at him . 
 `` i hope you 're not disappointed ... . '' 
 his gaze softened . 
 `` i would have done it a little differently , that 's all . '' 
 he bent his head down and kissed her again , a soft , gentle kiss that filled mariah with a raw , painful sense of loss . 
 she hugged him , desperate suddenly for the feel of him , the smell of him . 
 he made her feel so alive , so beautiful and wanted and sexy . 
 all the things she 'd never been in her life and never thought she could be . 
 slowly his h * ps moved against hers . 
 the physical pain of their coupling eased in the wake of the hot need that coiled around her insides , throbbed between her legs . 
 she clung to him , her legs wrapped around his , her shoulders coming off the bed . 
 gasping , moaning , she writhed beneath him , matching him thrust for thrust . 
 `` oh , god , '' she whispered . 
 the need took on a sharp , painful edge . 
 she reached , strained , arched for something she did n't quite grasp , a relief she could n't imagine . 
 `` oh , god . '' 
 `` that 's it , mariah , '' he whispered against her forehead . 
 `` come on , baby , come on . 
 i ca n't . . . 
 wait ... . '' 
 he plunged into her , filling her with a scalding , pumping heat that pushed her over the edge . 
 she clutched his sweaty shoulders with talon hands , her head fell back . 
 control spiraled away from her , left her whole body shaking with need . 
 she clung to him , her torso arched , quivering , trembling ... for a breathtaking second , she felt poised on a sharp , quivering tip . 
 her body spasmed , went rigid . 
 relief came in a red-hot , dizzying wave that sent her flying into a warm , dark nothingness of pure pleasure . 
 her body rocked , throbbed in a timeless , undulating rhythm . 
 slowly it pulsed away . 
 with a quiet sigh of wonder , she collapsed back onto the pile of twisted sheets and blankets , her body shaking in the aftermath of passion , her arms and legs numb and limp . 
 his arms curled around her , held her close . 
 she felt warm and spent and infinitely safe . 
 `` is it always like that ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 he laughed , and the sound filled her with happiness . 
 `` no . 
 it 's almost never like that . '' 
 she looked up at him , her eyes steady on his . 
 there were so many things she wanted to say to him , but she knew she could n't say them yet . 
 knew that perhaps she could never say them . 
 `` you were right . '' 
 tenderly he pushed a damp lock of hair from her eyes and curled it around one ear . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` you are the best time i ever had . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i told you i never lie . '' 
 chapter seventeen it was the best sex he 'd ever had . 
 mad dog glanced down at the woman sleeping peacefully in his bed and still could n't believe it . 
 she lay sprawled beside him , one arm curled possessively across his chest , the other bent awkwardly beneath her body . 
 her face was a pale , perfect cameo against the grayed fabric of the sheets . 
 silky mahogany curls lay spread out across the pillow and mattress like a waterfall of fire . 
 he watched her sleep , amazed by the joy he took in such a simple thing . 
 she was so unlike the other women he 'd slept with . 
 course , they were whores , mostly , but still he would n't have thought there was such a difference . 
 the women he knew slept like lumberjacks , their painted mouths hanging open , their breath thick with the odor of old tequila and tobacco smoke . 
 during the night , their face paint smeared so badly , they looked like they 'd been punched in the eyes . 
 naturally , with that sort of thing waiting for him , mad dog got out of their beds early . 
 but now he felt differently . 
 he wanted to sleep with mariah . 
 really sleep . 
 he wanted to curl alongside her and hold her tightly and be there with her in the morning when the sun came tapping on the glass . 
 he gazed down at her . 
 her skin looked as soft and exquisite as ivory silk , her ears small and delicate . 
 she breathed evenly , ruffling the linen pillowcase with each exhalation . 
 her pink lips were parted slightly , her dark eyelashes fluttered every now and again . 
 he focused on her lips , remembering with electric intensity how she 'd kissed him , touched him , licked him . 
 is it always like this ! 
 her innocent words came back to him , and this time he realized their full impact . 
 what had he said to her ? 
 he could n't remember if he 'd answered at all . 
 but now , nak * d and beside her , the truth exploded at him . 
 it was n't always like that . 
 it was never like that . 
 he frowned at the thought . 
 the difference between mariah and the other women seemed suddenly important . 
 he could n't put his finger on the difference , did n't know exactly what it was , but it scared him . 
 he liked whores ; he always had . 
 they were easy , forgettable - | conquests that had no hold on him when daylight came . 
 and sleeping with them had never held any appeal at all . 
 he pushed away from mariah and scooted back in bed , staring dully at the whitewashed bunkhouse walls . 
 for the first time , the room did n't seem even a little bit confining . 
 a strange queasiness settled in his gut . 
 he 'd been here almost a week now . 
 the walls should be pressing in on him . 
 this place should be feeling cramped instead of ... cozy . 
 coiyl the word came at him from nowhere . 
 he almost smiled at its absurdity . 
 but it was n't funny . 
 it was scary as hell . 
 he looked at the closed door . 
 he should use it . 
 now . 
 he thought about it , thought about easing his way out of bed and dressing silently . 
 he could just flip his bag over his shoulder and be gone . 
 he 'd done it a million times , and never once had he looked back or regretted his decision . 
 it was simple to leave women , easy . 
 reluctantly he glanced down at mariah . 
 the truth came to him , stunning in its intensity . 
 not so easy . 
 `` aw , shit . '' 
 thumping his head back against the wobbly headboard , he ran a hand through his hair . 
 what the hell was happening ? 
 a niggling , expanding sense of anxiety crept through him . 
 something was wrong . 
 the damned bunkhouse felt cozy and he did n't want to leave-even after he 'd slept with her . 
 yet , he told himself firmly , and the simple word offered considerable comfort . 
 he did n't want to leave yet . 
 that did n't mean he wanted to stay . 
 it was n't the same thing at all . 
 mariah came awake gradually . 
 the tail end of a pleasant dream tickled her , made her smile . 
 stretching contentedly , she yawned and opened her eyes . 
 a round , flat nipple studded with coffee brown hair filled her vision . 
 she was curled against mad dog 's nak * d side , her cheek resting on his chest , her arm tucked lovingly around his waist . 
 the night came rushing back on her . 
 wanton images tumbled through her mind . 
 heat flooded her cheeks as she thought about her behavior in bed . 
 she 'd been wild , aggressive-both times . 
 a smile tugged at her mouth . 
 third time 's a charm . . . 
 she could n't believe how good she felt , how incredibly relaxed . 
 tonight she 'd broken through one of the biggest barriers of her past-her sexuality-and it felt marvelous . 
 she felt like a new woman . 
 a free one . 
 smiling broadly , she tilted her chin and stared up at the man who 'd given her back her ability to laugh . 
 he was gazing at the door , his eyes narrowed and hard-looking . 
 something seemed to be bothering him , but mariah felt too good to care what it was . 
 she stretched her arms , feeling the sting of exertion in every muscle . 
 `` lord , i hurt . '' 
 `` it gets better , '' he answered almost distractedly . 
 wiggling up to a half sit beside him , she rested her chin on the smooth curve of his shoulder and looked up at him . 
 `` i think it would help if we did it again . '' 
 she kissed his shoulder , tasting the warm , salty tang of his skin . 
 he turned and looked down at her . 
 surprise widened his eyes . 
 `` you want to do it again ? 
 now ? '' 
 mariah knew she should feel shy and hesitant and afraid-a `` nice '' girl would-but she did n't feel any of those familiar emotions . 
 she felt . . . . 
 free . 
 and giddy with anticipation . 
 she smiled at that , almost laughing out loud . 
 imagine her-her ! 
 - feeling giddy . 
 it was an incredible , heady sensation that made her bold . 
 she 'd just opened the door on a wholand new side of herself , a side she liked , and she did n't want to close it yet . 
 it had been shut for far too long . 
 she peeled back the sheets to expose his nak * d , aroused body . 
 `` i do n't think i 'm alone in wanting it ___ '' mad dog laughed . 
 `` it would appear not . '' 
 sliding down beside her , he took her in his arms . 
 `` so , mariah , tell me this : how does someone who is ` not precisely ' a virgin manage to get so horny ? '' 
 she blushed at the crude word , but did n't look away . 
 `` you do it to me . '' 
 `` only me ? '' 
 he teased . 
 she sobered . 
 it was suddenly important to her that he know the truth , that he understand the gift he 'd given her tonight . 
 `` only you . '' 
 he frowned , and she knew instantly she 'd said something wrong . 
 `` mariah ... '' fear brushed through her . 
 she did n't want to hear what he had to say . 
 tightening her arms around him , she rolled on top of him . 
 her legs slid around his hips , her ankles locked around his . 
 the hard evidence of his desire pressed against her thigh . 
 `` let 's do something different this time . '' 
 he slipped his arms around her , letting his fingers splay across her nak * d fanny . 
 `` what would you recommend ? '' 
 she pulled back in surprise . 
 `` me ? '' 
 he gave her a crooked grin . 
 `` you must have learned something interesting when you lost your virginity . '' 
 incredibly , she laughed . 
 she knew then , without a doubt , that she 'd made the right decision tonight . 
 in all the years since stephen , she 'd never been able to remember their physical relationship without a searing sense of shame and humiliation . 
 now all that was gone . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 she shook her head , feeling totally , deliciously liberated . 
 for once , the past was in perspective . 
 `` let 's just say this . 
 a two-minute egg takes longer than my . . . 
 experience did . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` that 's your big ` i 'm not a virgin . ' 
 two minutes ? '' 
 `` maybe less . 
 it was too dark to look at my watch . '' 
 `` did you want to ? '' 
 `` have sex ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` look at your watch . '' 
 `` oh , that . '' 
 she smiled broadly . 
 `` i believe i counted seconds instead . '' 
 `` how many ? '' 
 `` not enough . '' 
 he pulled her on top of him , curling his arms around her nak * d back . 
 `` well , that 's a pisspoor memory to carry around with you . 
 how ` bout we change the record ? '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he came toward her . 
 `` one , two , three - '' their lips melted together in a long , searing kiss that reignited the flames of their desire . 
 mariah gave in to the passion completely , utterly . 
 she did n't think about stephen , or the past , or even the nagging fear that mad dog would leave her . 
 right now , she did n't care . 
 all she cared about was the wonderful , exhilarating things he was making her feel . 
 she closed her eyes and tumbled into the searing , satisfying world of pure physical pleasure . 
 rass quietly closed the door behind him . 
 the minute the lock clicked into place , he sagged , feeling tired and infinitely old . 
 the porch planks creaked beneath his feet in a whining protest that seemed absurdly loud in the silence of the night . 
 `` rass ? 
 you out there ? '' 
 rass lifted his head and stared at the buggy parked in front of doc sherman 's house . 
 now , in the silvered moonlight , it was a shadow cast in streaks of ash gray and jet black . 
 cleo , the horse , was invisible against the dark night sky , and jake was a slim reed of blackness that shot up from the charcoal seat . 
 rass tried to smile for the boy . 
 `` i 'm here , jake . '' 
 tiredly he pushed away from the door and shuffled down the creaking steps , across the gravelly path to the buggy . 
 jake bounced down from the driver 's seat with the exuberance of youth and held out his pale hand . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 rass grabbed jake 's hand and hauled himself up the springy metal steps , settling slowly on the padded leather seat . 
 jake bounded in beside rass and snapped the reins . 
 cleo put her big head down and began a slow , even plodding toward home . 
 moonlight illuminated the wide swath of dirt road that cut through the endless acres of grass and wheat . 
 on either side , black fences stood in sharp contrast to the blue-tinged fields . 
 sounds filled the night : the steady clomping of cleo 's hooves on the hard-packed dirt , the wheezing snort of her breathing , the squeaking whine of well-sprung buggy wheels turning toward home . 
 `` thanks a lot for supper , rass . 
 the food was great , '' jake said . 
 rass attempted a smile . 
 `` it would have been better at the chinaman 's place . '' 
 jake shuddered dramatically . 
 `` i could n't eat that stuff . 
 it looked like gooey grass . '' 
 rass laughed unexpectedly and found his mood lightening a bit . 
 `` well , ma 's diner is good , too . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 service sure is slow , though . 
 it must be eleven o'clock . ' 
 `` we 're in no hurry . '' 
 rass leaned against the tufted leather seat and let out a tired breath . 
 for the hundredth time tonight , he found himself thinking about mariah and mad dog , hoping he 'd done the right thing in leaving them alone . 
 the two of them were perfect for each other ; rass was more sure of the fact with every passing day . 
 but mad dog was a bad bet , and rass had known that from the minute they met . 
 usually rass pushed the realization aside , buried it beneath a thick layer of optimism . 
 but at times like this , when he felt weak and sick and alone , rass fell prey to the fear that mad dog would leave her . . . 
 and mariah would fall back into the bleak pit of her own despair . 
 and this time she 'd never come out of it . 
 ah , greta , he thought , squeezing his eyes shut . 
 am i doing the right thing '' ? 
 the vision of his wife came to him as clear as day , her face implanted in his soul like a treasured photograph . 
 bittersweet memories hurled themselves at him , and he sighed . 
 he was too tired tonight to fight them , too tired to be strong . 
 loneliness pressed in on him from all sides , crushing his lungs until he could barely breathe . 
 tears stung his eyes . 
 ah , greta . . . 
 `` are you okay , rass ? '' 
 rass wiped his eyes with his sleeve . 
 `` fine . 
 why ? '' 
 jake cocked his head back toward the house . 
 `` that was a doctor 's place . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i saw the sign and , well , i just wondered ... you know , if you were all right . '' 
 `` doc sherman 's a friend of mine . '' 
 it was n't an answer at all , but jake seemed not to notice . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` but let 's not tell mariah i saw him , okay ? '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 rass stared at the boy , studying him in the weak , eerie light of the moon . 
 jake sat as tall and straight as a nail , his elbows resting lightly on his knees , his fists hung over the rim of the buggy on the reins . 
 his hair was a smooth , precisely cut red-gold fringe that hung out from beneath his hat . 
 surprisingly , rass found himself remembering someone else with the promise of red-gold hair . 
 he ran a shaking hand through his white hair . 
 thomas would be sixteen about now , just jake 's age . 
 pain rippled through rass at the thought , escaped his chapped lips as a quiet whimper . 
 even now , all these years later , he could n't think about the baby without aching for the loss of his tiny life . 
 `` rass ... '' jake 's quiet , tentative voice cut through rass 's old man 's memories . 
 he swallowed , tried to find the courage to speak . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i need your help with something . '' 
 the simple question was a gift . 
 with it , rass was able to push aside the painful thoughts and focus instead on something real , on something that mattered . 
 the bitter memories fell into the background of his mind . 
 `` sure , jake . 
 if i can . '' 
 jake stared hard at cleo 's butt and swallowed . 
 `` i ... have n't gotten to spend much time with mad dog . '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 `` and i , well , i came here to get to know him ... . '' 
 rass straightened . 
 now that was an unexpected bit of information . 
 what was mad dog to jake ? 
 `` you did ? '' 
 jake winced . 
 `` did n't i tell you that ? '' 
 rass chewed his lower lip , studying him intently . 
 the boy was sitting even straighter than before , but his hands were shaking on the reins , his mouth was trembling . 
 `` no , '' he said slowly , `` you did n't tell me that . '' 
 `` i ... uh , musta forgot . '' 
 he tried to laugh . 
 it was a strained , hollow sound that did n't fool rass for a second . 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 jake licked his lips nervously . 
 `` anyhow , i came here to meet mad dog . '' 
 he turned to rass . 
 `` he 's a famous fighter , you know . '' 
 rass nodded slowly , but again , he was n't fooled . 
 jake did n't want to meet mad dog because of his fame . 
 `` uh-huh . 
 so what 's the problem ? 
 he 's on the farm , you 're on the farm . 
 get to know the man . '' 
 jake 's gaze skidded away . 
 a redness that looked like embarrassment-or shame-crept up his cheeks . 
 `` he does n't seem to want to get to know me . '' 
 `` i see . 
 so , you want to know how to get close to a man who does n't seem too inclined to get to know you . '' 
 jake let out his breath in a relieved sigh . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` that 's not too hard . 
 if the mountain wo n't come to mohammed , then mohammed best head for the mountain . '' 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` simple . 
 you 're here to get to know mad dog . 
 if he 's not sniffing around your door , you 'd best knock on his . '' 
 jake shook his head . 
 `` he would n't like that . '' 
 `` so ? 
 what do you care ? '' 
 jake turned to rass suddenly . 
 the boy 's eyes were big as quarters . 
 `` you mean just follow him around till he does talk to me ? '' 
 rass shrugged . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` what if he punches me ? '' 
 `` punch back . '' 
 jake rolled his eyes . 
 `` he 's a professional , remember ? 
 he 'd kill me . 
 i do n't know the first thing about defending myself , either . 
 my mama made sure i did n't know how to fight . 
 she thought it was a useless waste of time . '' 
 `` all women think that-it 's a genetic deficiency . '' 
 `` oh ... '' jake frowned . 
 `` she never mentioned any thing about a deficiency . 
 she just said fighting was stupid and did n't solve anything . '' 
 rass stifled a smile . 
 `` maybe mad dog would teach you to fight . 
 that 'd get you two together for a while . '' 
 jake grinned . 
 `` that 's a great idea , rass . '' 
 rass felt the last niggling bit of grief slide away . 
 his natural optimism bounced back , bringing a smile . 
 `` i 'm a professor , '' he said proudly . 
 `` ideas are my life . '' 
 mariah came slowly awake . 
 yawning , she arched in a long , lazy stretch . 
 pain twisted through her muscles at the movement . 
 she groaned . 
 her body felt pulverized and pounded ... and wonderful . 
 memories of last night seeped through her sleepy brain , warming her once again . 
 she blinked lazily and opened her eyes . 
 sunlight streamed through her bedroom in a thick , dusty slash of gold . 
 through the half-opened window , she heard the chattering call of a barn swallow and the distant echo of voices . 
 she stretched again , rolling out of bed . 
 her feet hit the cold floor with a muffled thump . 
 smiling-she could n't seem to stop herself-she reached for her flannel wrapper and put it on . 
 then a question hit her with the force of a blow . 
 wrenching the fabric belt around her waist , she hurried to her bedroom window and yanked it open . 
 cool morning air hit her in the face . 
 please be here , please . . . 
 she shoved the lacy curtains aside and stared down at the bunkhouse . 
 the door was open . 
 her heart picked up speed , thudded anxiously in her chest . 
 her throat went dry . 
 he never left the door open . 
 she poked her head out the window , her eyes desperately scanning the small farm . 
 she found him . 
 he was standing alongside the water pump , washing his face , wearing a faded pair of blue jeans and nothing else . 
 relief poured through her . 
 she clutched the window ledge with shaking fingers and bowed her head . 
 `` thank god . '' 
 slowly she brought her head up and looked down at him . 
 emotion tightened her heart , and she swallowed hard , wondering what exactly she felt for mad dog this morning . 
 she knew what she felt about herself-for the first time in years , she was excited about the day , eager to see what would happen . 
 she felt young and free and unafraid to reach for what she wanted . 
 and what she wanted was mad dog . 
 it was simple , really . 
 she would n't have him for long , would n't feel this way when he left . 
 so she had to seize the time they had together and cling to it , enjoying every moment . 
 it did n't matter how she felt about him ; it never had . 
 what mattered was how she felt about herself . 
 she smiled . 
 lord , it felt good to simply enjoy something , to ask nothing from it , expect nothing . 
 to simply accept . 
 he looked up suddenly and smiled at her , waving . 
 mariah felt the effect of that smile all the way on the second floor . 
 memories of last night washed through her , leaving her tingling and warm in their wake . 
 she shoved her hand out the window and waved back at him . 
 `` morning , mr. stone . '' 
 `` morning , miz throckmorton , '' he called back , his smile broadening . 
 down by the picket fence , rass pushed to his feet and started walking toward mad dog . 
 he was saying something mariah could n't hear . 
 all she caught was the word `` clouds . '' 
 mad dog turned to him . 
 and mariah saw the red scratch marks that crisscrossed mad dog 's back . 
 horror rounded her eyes . 
 with a gasp , she stared down at her stubby fingernails , unable to believe she 'd actually done that to his skin . 
 then she looked at her father . 
 `` oh , my god ! '' 
 her hand flew to her mouth . 
 rass was going to see the damage she 'd done to mad dog 's back . 
 and he was going to know what had gone on last night . 
 `` oh , my god . '' 
 she ducked back in the window and ran for her ar-moire . 
 yanking out a plain brown skirt and shirtwaist , she dressed quickly and raced down the stairs , her bare feet thumping on the sagging steps . 
 she lurched into the kitchen and saw the remains of breakfast sitting on the table . 
 god , she 'd missed breakfast . 
 she ran through the room and half stumbled down the porch steps . 
 when she finally reached mad dog and her father , she was red-faced and winded , clutching the stitch in her side . 
 `` hi . '' 
 the word came out as a high-pitched squeak . 
 rass looked at her briefly , frowning . 
 `` mornin ' , mariah . 
 we missed you at breakfast . '' 
 he started to say something to mad dog , then slowly turned back to mariah . 
 `` your hair 's down . '' 
 she gasped , plastering a hand to her unbound hair . 
 `` i ... i misplaced my hairpins . '' 
 rass gave her an odd look . 
 `` now , that 's a first . '' 
 mad dog laughed . 
 `` not precisely . '' 
 mariah rammed her elbow into mad dog 's side . 
 he made a satisfying grunt of pain and covered it with a cough . 
 she tried to smile at her father . 
 rass stared back at her . 
 a small frown pleated his forehead . 
 `` everything go okay around here last night ? '' 
 mariah felt the color drain from her cheeks . 
 `` fine . '' 
 they all stood there for a moment longer , staring at one another , nodding . 
 no one said a word . 
 finally mad dog turned to leave . 
 `` well , i 'd best - '' mariah grabbed his arm . 
 `` do n't go . '' 
 he frowned at her . 
 she realized suddenly how foolish she must look . 
 a middle-aged spinster , hair a tangled mess , clinging to the nak * d arm of a man she barely knew . 
 as if she had a right to touch him . 
 forcibly , gritting out a smile , she released her hold on mad dog and reached for the black shirt heaped on the ground . 
 `` i simply wanted to remind mr. stone to wear a shirt . '' 
 she turned to him , shoved the shirt at him with a pointed look . 
 `` it is n't fitting to go about half-clothed . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 the single word was steeped in irony . 
 she had no doubt whatsoever that he was picturing her as she was last night-naked , laughing , astride him . 
 heat splashed across her face . 
 `` really . '' 
 rass whistled cheerily and shook his head . 
 `` why is it i feel like i 'm missing something ? '' 
 `` ca n't imagine , rass , '' mad dog said , slipping into his shirt . 
 mariah let out a relieved sigh as his back was covered . 
 `` so , '' she said , searching for something to say , `` did i hear the word ` clouds ' ? '' 
 rass nodded . 
 `` i was just about to tell mad dog about cloud-watching . 
 it 's a grand day for it . '' 
 cloud-watching . 
 mariah felt a warm rush of bittersweet memories . 
 `` we have n't done that in years . 
 not since ... '' her voice snagged , caught . 
 rass gave her a smile . 
 `` not since you were a child . '' 
 he turned to mad dog . 
 `` it used to be one of our favorite pastimes . '' 
 mad dog turned to mariah . 
 `` do you want to do it ? '' 
 his words were spoken quietly , with a concern that wrenched mariah 's heart . 
 she looked at him , wanting desperately to touch him , to say thank you for so many things . 
 but all she said was `` yes . '' 
 in companionable silence , the three of them walked toward the knoll alongside the river . 
 as they passed the barn , they saw jake , painting fences . 
 rass called out to him , waving the boy over . 
 `` come on , jake . 
 we 're going on an adventure . '' 
 jake set down his paintbrush and hurried over to the group , falling into step between rass and mad dog . 
 rass led them all to the grassy rise and then stopped . 
 `` okay , everyone lay down . 
 we want to make a cross formation , with the tips of our heads touching . '' 
 the four of them lay down , forming a cross in which rass lay north ; jake west ; mad dog south ; and mariah east . 
 in the center , their heads touched in a connecting circle . 
 `` you start us off , mariah , '' rass said quietly . 
 mariah closed her eyes . 
 the chilly wind rippled across her skirts and fluttered against her cheeks . 
 as she lay there in the cold , drying grass , she felt herself falling back into the past . 
 once again she was a child . 
 ... they had done this for endless hours , she and her parents ; it had been one of their great family adventures , a time to explore hidden dreams and find forgotten laughter . 
 a tine to share and talk and giggle . 
 their heads had to be touching , she remembered , because rass believe ! 
 they could meld their thoughts that way , that within th ; family , a magical , timeless connection could somehow be made . 
 she smiled at the memory . 
 as a child , she 'd believed absolutely that they could read one another 's minds ; it seemed as if they could . 
 but then , as she got older , she stopped believing . 
 her adolescent mind questioned everything , and her heart began to see the truth . 
 somehow , in some quiet , intangible way , she was excluded from the circle o ; love . 
 even though her head was touching , she read her parent 's thoughts anymore . 
 but they could read each other 's , always . 
 that 's when she 'd stopped playing this game . 
 she told her parents it was because she was too old , that she did n't - could n't - jelieve anymore , that it was a silly waste of time . 
 it was the first of many self-protective lies she told herself , and them . 
 she thought that they 'd stop playing , but , of course , they had n't . 
 they 'd played on without her . 
 somehow , that had been the most painful part of all . 
 she remembered standing on the porch , watching them walk , hand in hand across the fields , lying down together . 
 they did n't seem to miss her at all . 
 `` mariah ? '' 
 rass 's soft voice brought her back to the present . 
 she blinked hard , feeling the sting of tears . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , fighting for control . 
 gradually the hot moisture dissipated , leaving her dry-eyed once again . 
 she cleared her throat and studied the heavens . 
 today the sky was an unbroken curve of cerulean blue , interspersed with puffy , floating white clouds . 
 a snowman-shaped cloud broke free of its moorings and drifted to the left . 
 `` i see a little boy in a bowler hat ... . '' 
 her voice cracked . 
 memories of thomas seeped into her heart , squeezing until it hurt to breathe . 
 beside her , there was a whisper of movement in the grass . 
 before she 'd identified the sound , mad dog 's hand curled around hers , warm and reassuring . 
 her whole body seemed to dissolve at the comfort of that touch . 
 she turned her head toward him and found him staring at her . 
 their faces were close , separated only by a studded thicket of browning grass . 
 he did n't say anything , just stared at her , his gray eyes filled with an impossible understanding . 
 mariah felt a surge of gratitude and caring . 
 for the first time in her life , someone had reached out to her , said-however silently-that she was n't alone . 
 she wanted to weep at how much that simple touch meant to her . 
 but , of course , she did n't . 
 she smiled and squeezed his hand , saying nothing . 
 she did n't even know what to say . 
 `` what 's the boy doing , jake ? '' 
 rass said , moving the game forward . 
 slowly mariah turned her attention back to the sky . 
 so did mad dog , but he did n't draw his hand away . 
 `` he 's leaving home , '' jake said . 
 `` that big cloud - that 's home . 
 the other one , the skinny one , that 's his father . 
 he 's moving toward his dad , but he ca n't catch up . 
 the wind is taking them in different directions . '' 
 `` i do n't see a dad , '' mad dog said . 
 `` i see a barmaid with big br ** sts and too much hair . 
 she 's chasing the dad , too . '' 
 he grinned , pointed up . 
 `` the dad 's slowing down for her . '' 
 jake laughed , and with that buoyant , juvenile sound , the pallor of old sadnesses evaporated , floating away in the apple-scented air . 
 for hours , the four of them lay in the fragrant , drying grass , amid a blanket of fallen autumn leaves , staring up at the blue , cloud-strewn sky . 
 never once did mad dog let go of mariah 's hand . 
 chapter eighteen jake felt acutely conspicuous as he stood by the bunkhouse , waiting for mad dog . 
 he flexed his fingers , then curled them tight , then flexed them again . 
 nervously he bounced on the balls of his feet . 
 he tried to make himself smile , tried to feel confident . 
 he could do this , he could . 
 he 'd just tilt his chin up , meet his father 's eyes , and ask him . 
 it was just a question , after all . 
 just a stupid question . 
 mad dog , would you mind teaching me to fight ! 
 he frowned . 
 no , that was n't right . 
 too formal . 
 his father would probably laugh and keep walking . 
 hey , mad dog , you wan na boxl it sounded like he was offering him a present . 
 he flexed and unflexed his hands again . 
 he needed something just right ; the perfect words to make mad dog notice him . 
 that was the key . 
 jake tried not to think about how much that hurt . 
 mad dog had n't noticed him yet . 
 oh , he 'd spoken to jake , he 'd even laughed with him a couple of times . 
 but they had n't ... connected . 
 the magical father/son tie jake had always believed in did n't seem to exist . 
 at least not between him and mad dog . 
 even yesterday while they 'd watched clouds together , there 'd been nothing special between them . 
 they 'd laughed and talked some , but it was n't what jake had dreamt of all his life . 
 what he ached to find . 
 even his obvious hint about the cloud/boy searching for his father had fallen on deaf ears . 
 `` hey , kid , you 're lookin ' pretty down in the mouth . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 jake 's head snapped up . 
 mad dog was standing in front of him , smiling . 
 mad dog walked toward him . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 jake could n't move , could n't even nod . 
 humiliated , he started to turn away . 
 mad dog touched his sleeve . 
 `` hey , kid , did you want something from me ? '' 
 jake froze . 
 reluctantly he glanced at his dad . 
 `` wh - what do you mean ? '' 
 mad dog laughed . 
 `` well , you 're hangin ' around my place , i just thought , you know , you wanted something . '' 
 surprise shot through jake when he realized the importance of what had just happened . 
 mad dog had n't just walked on past , uncaring . 
 he 'd stopped , asked jake what he wanted . 
 almost as if jake mattered to him . 
 hope spilled through jake in a dizzying wave . 
 this was it . 
 he had to do something to get to know his dad . 
 he looked up , trying to keep the hope from his eyes , and knowing he failed . 
 `` i was just thinking . . . 
 er , wondering ... i mean ... hoping - '' `` yeah , jake ? '' 
 he licked his lips nervously , clenched his hands . 
 `` w-would you teach me to fight ? '' 
 mad dog frowned . 
 `` you want to learn to box ? 
 why ? '' 
 he had n't laughed ! 
 jake felt a pounding sense of relief . 
 taking a deep , steadying breath , he surged ahead with the plan . 
 `` i-i 'd want to be able to protect myself if something happens . '' 
 his gaze fell . 
 `` you know ... be like you . '' 
 there was a long silence before mad dog said quietly , `` you do n't want to be like me , kid . '' 
 `` yes i do . '' 
 mad dog gave him a surprisingly sad smile . 
 `` i 've made . . . 
 mistakes in my life , kid . 
 big ones . 
 i 'm no one to look up to . '' 
 jake 's heart seemed to stop beating . 
 he leaned forward . 
 `` what mistakes ? '' 
 `` nothing worth talking about . 
 just mistakes . '' 
 jake knew his next question should n't be asked , but he could n't help himself . 
 `` do you . . . 
 have any kids ? '' 
 mad dog snorted . 
 `` no , i 'm not that stupid . 
 that 's the sort of mistake you ca n't walk away from . '' 
 disappointment crushed through jake . 
 he looked away . 
 tears burned his eyes and he fought to blink them back . 
 he should n't have asked the question . 
 fool . 
 idiot . 
 jake swallowed a thick lump of tears . 
 it should n't have surprised him ; it was what his mother had said all along . 
 to mad dog , kids were just mistakes . 
 he was just a mistake . 
 but jake had never let himself believe it . 
 always , always , he 'd believed that mad dog would welcome him . 
 `` kid ? 
 you all right ? '' 
 no , jake wanted to say , to scream . 
 i 'm not okay . 
 i 'm your son . 
 your mistake . 
 mad dog laid a hand on jake 's shoulder , squeezing lightly . 
 `` you got something in your eye ? '' 
 jake sniffed hard ; his shoulders felt weighted down by years worth of useless dreams and endless nighttime prayers . 
 it had all been a waste of time . 
 all the traveling , the lying , the hiding , were for nothing . 
 when mad dog learned the truth , he would n't care . 
 there would n't be any big , tearful reunion , no bear hug and welcome . 
 jake was just a goddamn mistake . 
 mad dog would walk away . 
 and jake would end up as alone as he was right now , with nothing to show for all of his stupid little-kid dreams . 
 `` you really want to learn to fight ? '' 
 mad dog 's voice was soft , tentative , as if he did n't know quite what to say . 
 jake looked up dully . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 mad dog smiled encouragingly . 
 `` okay , let 's go . 
 supper wo n't be for another hour . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 jake felt something inside him come to life . 
 hope-that insidious little nugget of hope he 'd nurtured always-crept back into his heart . 
 he smiled , and even though he knew he was being a fool , knew mad dog would never really , truly care about his son , jake felt himself start to believe in the dream again . 
 he shook his head , smiling a sad , trembling smile . 
 he was as crazy as his mother . 
 she 'd never stopped believing in mad dog either . 
 silently jake followed mad dog to a secluded spot over by the springhouse . 
 there , mad dog stopped . 
 `` okay , kid , we 'll start with the basics . 
 how much did your old man teach you about fighting ? '' 
 the question caught jake off guard . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` your father , how much did he teach you about fighting ? '' 
 `` n-nothing , '' he stammered . 
 then he realized he could use the question as a beginning . 
 there was so much about his father jake did n't know . 
 `` did ... your dad teach you how to fight ? '' 
 mad dog stiffened . 
 an uncharacteristic bitterness hardened his eyes . 
 `` i suppose you could say that . '' 
 jake saw something on mad dog 's face he did n't expect , did n't understand , and it reeled him in . 
 he took a cautious step toward him . 
 `` what did he teach you ? '' 
 mad dog laughed , but it was a hard , humorless sound . 
 `` my old man taught me how to take a punch . '' 
 he cleared his throat , and blinked , and the moment was over . 
 grinning again , he cocked his head to the left . 
 `` okay , stand over there . 
 feet apart , back straight , arms at your sides . '' 
 jake tried to do everything mad dog asked of him . 
 `` you look a little tense , kid . 
 trying jumpin ' around a little , loosen up . '' 
 jake hopped once , feeling foolish . 
 mad dog grinned . 
 `` i 'll close my eyes , okay ? 
 jump till you feel relaxed . '' 
 jake felt a surge of relief when his father closed his eyes . 
 he hopped around , wiggling his arms until the tension he 'd felt earlier melted away . 
 `` okay , '' he said at last , `` i 'm relaxed . '' 
 mad dog opened his eyes . 
 `` great . 
 now bring your fists up like this . '' 
 jake copied his dad , bringing his fists up to his chest . 
 `` okay , we 'll start with your reflexes . 
 when i punch , you duck . '' 
 jake 's eyes bulged . 
 `` we 're going to start right out with punching ? '' 
 `` it 's fighting , jake . 
 not brain surgery . 
 hitting 's all there is . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 he started to feel a little sick to his stomach . 
 `` will ... it hurt ? '' 
 mad dog arched one eyebrow . 
 `` it will if you do n't duck . '' 
 mariah sneaked up the stairs , wincing every time the floorboards creaked . 
 `` rass , '' she whispered harshly , `` are you up here ? '' 
 nothing . 
 no answer . 
 she came to the top of the stairs and peered into the hallway . 
 it was dark and silent . 
 her father 's bedroom door was closed . 
 she crept around the corner and moved silently down the corridor , past her bedroom , past her father 's office and his bedroom , to her mother 's sewing room . 
 every step felt weighted and painful . 
 there , at the closed door , she paused . 
 her heart thumped like a jackrabbit 's . 
 in the eight months since her mother 's death , mariah had never once gone into this room , not even to clean . 
 right after the burial last year , steeped in silent , agonizingly sharp grief , she 'd come into her mother 's sanctuary , alone . 
 through a pounding headache caused by unshed tears , she 'd boxed up her mother 's life . 
 then she 'd closed the door and walked away . 
 never once had she ventured back . 
 until now . 
 you can do it , she told herself firmly . 
 you can go in here . 
 it 's just a room ... straightening , she reached for the doorknob ; it felt cool and slick and unfamiliar in her hand . 
 turning it , she pushed the door open . 
 late afternoon sunlight pulsed through the big window on the east wall , filtering through the expensive lace curtains her mother had ordered through the bloomingdale 's catalog . 
 white sheets covered the furniture in a series of macabre , ghostly shapes . 
 for a moment , she could n't move . 
 then , taking a deep breath , she stepped into the room and closed the door behind her . 
 the gunpowdery scent of old dust and cobwebs filled mariah 's nostrils . 
 coughing , she walked woodenly to the white heap below the window and flung the dusty sheet aside . 
 her mother 's desk . 
 she reached out , touched the scrolled woodwork along the top of the oak parlor desk . 
 images came to her hard , hammered her self-control . 
 this is a dress for you , baby . 
 for my special little girl ... mariah forcibly shoved the memories away and closed her mind off to more . 
 she could n't think about her mother . 
 even now , almost a year later , she could n't think about her . 
 if she did , she 'd start crying and she 'd never stop . 
 carefully she eased the desk 's top open . 
 the inside was almost empty , as mariah knew it would be . 
 once , it had been cluttered with stacks of nothings-pencils , papers , photographs in elaborately scrolled frames . 
 once it had smelled of lavender , for her mother always kept a sprig or two inside it . 
 now it smelled like wood and dust and disuse . 
 all mariah had left in it was a stack of old , yellowing copies of godey 's lady 's books . 
 she leaned forward , propping the lid open with the top of her head , and took a handful of magazines . 
 then she eased back , quietly closing the desk . 
 pushing slowly to her feet , she whipped the sheet back in place and walked stiffly from the room . 
 the door shut with a crisp little click that almost broke her heart . 
 her control wavered . 
 she squeezed the magazines to her chest and raced for her bedroom , slamming the door shut behind her . 
 inside her own safe sanctuary , she leaned back against her door , breathing heavily . 
 memories came at her from a dozen angles , trying to pierce her defenses . 
 she did n't let them through . 
 gradually her breathing normalized and she walked to her bed . 
 perching rail-straight on the edge , she started flipping through the magazines for a hairstyle to replace the tight chignon she 'd worn for years . 
 she thought about her hair , only her hair , and after a while the suffocating sense of loss began to diminish . 
 she sighed , relieved . 
 she 'd beaten it once again , held it back by sheer force of will . 
 she was halfway through the third magazine when she heard a strange sound come through her partially open window . 
 frowning , she set the book down and crossed the room . 
 opening the window , she leaned out . 
 and saw mad dog punch jake in the jaw . 
 the boy yelped and stumbled backwards , slamming into the springhouse . 
 mariah gasped . 
 anger exploded through her , displacing the last nagging sense of grief . 
 ducking back inside , she raced from her bedroom and ran from the house , erupting through the front door with a bloodcurdling scream . 
 hair flying , she hurtled across the gravelly path . 
 `` what in the hell are you doing ? '' 
 she screeched at mad dog . 
 he turned to her , slack-jawed in surprise . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` a brilliant response . '' 
 she glared at him , flinging her pointed finger toward jake . 
 `` you hit this child . '' 
 `` i 'm no child ! 
 i 'm sixteen years old . '' 
 mad dog smiled at mariah . 
 `` well , well , jake . 
 appears we got us a riled-up mama hen . '' 
 he reached out to touch her . 
 she smacked his hand aside . 
 `` do n't you try to sweet-talk me . 
 you hit him . '' 
 `` course i did . '' 
 mariah blinked at him in surprise . 
 `` what kind of excuse is that ? '' 
 `` it 's no excuse . 
 do i need one ? '' 
 `` he was teaching me to fight , mariah , '' jake said , holding his reddening jaw . 
 mariah turned to jake . 
 `` teaching you to fight ? 
 why ? '' 
 mad dog grinned . 
 `` a boy needs to know how to defend himself . 
 it 's a manly thing . '' 
 mariah refused to be swayed by his smile , though she felt the heat of it all the way to her toes . 
 `` you do n't need fists for protection , '' she said stubbornly . 
 `` not when you 've got the butt end of a shotgun , eh , mariah ? '' 
 mad dog said softly . 
 the whisper of his breath brushed her throat , and for a split second , she forgot what she was arguing about . 
 jake surged toward her , too . 
 `` i want to learn how to fight , mariah . 
 really , i do . '' 
 she gazed into jake 's wide eyes and saw something that looked like desperation . 
 a small , uncertain frown pulled at her lips . 
 she sighed and crossed her arms . 
 it was obvious that jake wanted this , wanted it a lot . 
 you 're not his mother . 
 the words came at her , hard . 
 she flinched and slowly lowered her arms . 
 she might want to be a mother , but she was n't . 
 what did she know about the needs of a young man ? 
 jake looked at her beseechingly , as if begging her to understand . 
 `` i just did n't duck fast enough , that 's all . '' 
 she turned to mad dog , trying not to sound as motherly as she felt . 
 `` i do n't . . . 
 want you hurting him . '' 
 mad dog sobered . 
 `` if he 's not fast enough , he 's gon na get popped . 
 that 's a plain and simple fact . '' 
 he turned to jake . 
 `` you want to keep learnin ' ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 he nodded fervently . 
 `` please . '' 
 mad dog turned back to mariah . 
 `` gettin ' hurt is part of life , mariah . 
 pretending otherwise is stupid . 
 the boy needs to learn how to take care of himself , but the lessons 're gon na hurt . 
 can you understand that ? '' 
 a wave of sadness spilled through her at his quiet words . 
 they were so like him , so damned honest and heart-wrenching . 
 he saw everything clearly , without the blinders she 'd worn for years . 
 `` i understand , '' she said quietly , and she did . 
 better than he could ever know . 
 if there was one thing she understood , it was life 's painful lessons . 
 their eyes met , her wide with old sorrows , his filled with infinite tenderness . 
 `` ah , mariah . . . '' 
 he reached out . 
 she shivered , anticipating his touch . 
 but he did n't touch her . 
 he leaned toward her , close . 
 she felt the caressing strands of his breath along the side of her face . 
 then , slowly , he put a hand at her waist and drew her toward him , whispering words to be heard by her alone . 
 `` you did the right thing , stepping in when you thought i was beating him . 
 most . . . '' 
 his voice cracked , thickened . 
 `` most women would 've been too scared . 
 you would have made a hell of a mother . '' 
 mariah 's ability to breathe died for a single , exquisite second . 
 joy filled her heart and almost made her weep at its poignant sharpness . 
 nothing he could have said would have meant more to her . 
 her throat burned with unshed tears , her eyes glittered with them . 
 she looked at him , met his searingly honest gaze and knew that he meant it . 
 suddenly she wanted to tell him about thomas , to share with him the excruciating burden of her sadness and let her soul be comforted by the simple act of talking . 
 `` come on , mad dog , let 's fight . '' 
 jake 's youthful voice shattered the moment , sent it spiraling into the oblivion of lost chances . 
 mariah forced a bittersweet smile . 
 `` try not to hurt him , '' she whispered throatily . 
 mad dog did n't smile . 
 he just looked at her through those heart-wrenchingly honest gray eyes . 
 `` i always try not to hurt people . '' 
 `` but it happens , '' mariah said quietly . 
 mad dog sighed . 
 they both knew exactly what they were talking about , and it had nothing to do with boxing . 
 `` it happens . '' 
 it was the first time mariah had ever despised honesty . 
 mariah checked her appearance in the mirror . 
 again . 
 nervously she tucked a stray lock of hair into the loosely woven braid that streamed down her back . 
 it was n't much of a hairstyle ; she 'd tried for hours to match the hoity-toity chignons and rolls in the magazines , but without success . 
 finally she 'd given up on looking sophisticated and elegant , and chosen instead to look relaxed . 
 it might have worked if she could unclench her jaw . 
 she forced herself to take a deep , calming breath . 
 it was just a braid , she told herself . 
 women had been braiding their hair for years . 
 she had no reason to feel self-conscious . 
 but she was . 
 she 'd done this for mad dog ; tried to look pretty . 
 and now she did n't know which scared her more-that he would notice or that he would n't . 
 she had n't cared about her appearance in years , and she realized now what a blessing that was . 
 just thinking about mad dog 's response made her stomach knot up . 
 she almost hoped he did n't notice . 
 stiffening , she smoothed her damp palms on her brown apron and turned away from the mirror . 
 head up , braid swinging , she marched down the stairs and sailed from the house . 
 outside , the fires she 'd started earlier were burning brightly , belching smoke up around the sooty cast-iron caldrons that squatted above them . 
 jake stood at one caldron , stirring the bubbling applesauce with a long , wooden-handled paddle . 
 rass was sitting beside him , his folded body propped against the side of the spring-house . 
 his soft , rumbling snores wafted through the air . 
 jake looked up at her and smiled . 
 `` gosh . '' 
 she paused , fighting the urge to tuck the stray hairs from her face . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` you look pretty with your hair that way . '' 
 an unfamiliar heat crawled up mariah 's throat . 
 an uncertain smile pulled at her mouth . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he eased the long paddle from the applesauce and carefully laid it on the makeshift canning table mariah had set up earlier . 
 `` wait here , okay ? 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 without waiting for her response , jake tore off across the farm and disappeared in the barn . 
 mariah smiled . 
 all of a sudden , she felt pretty . 
 whistling softly , she headed for the canning table and started peeling the last few apples of the harvest . 
 jake came out of the barn at a dead run . 
 breathing hard , he raced across the orchard and skidded to a stop beside the table . 
 `` m-mariah ? '' 
 she glanced at him . 
 `` uh-huh ? '' 
 he chewed on his lower lip and swallowed hard . 
 his knobby adam 's apple slid up and down his throat . 
 `` i wanted you to have this . '' 
 he held out his fist . 
 slowly his fingers unfurled . 
 on his palm lay a frayed , wrinkled pink ribbon . 
 mariah stared down at it , feeling an absurd urge to cry . 
 jake glanced down at his feet . 
 `` it belonged to someone i loved i lot . 
 i want you to have it . '' 
 mariah stared at him , standing there so alone and frightened-lcoking , his hand outstretched , his face downcast , and felt a powerful rush of emotion . 
 god , she wanted to surge toward him and take him in her arms and tell him how very much that scrap of a ribbon meant to hei but she was afraid of frightening him away , afraid she was blowing a molehill of a gift into a mountain of jmotion . 
 `` it 's just a dumb old ribbon ----- '' he said in a thick voice . 
 mariah redized how long she 'd stood there , staring at him , sayirg nothing . 
 she reached out and took the ribbon from him . 
 it felt warm and satiny in her palm . 
 `` would you tie it on for me ? '' 
 he looked up then , and she saw the sheen of tears in his eyes . 
 `` you 'll wear it ? '' 
 she swallcwed hard . 
 `` i 'd be proud to wear it , jake . '' 
 he came up beside her and took the ribbon back . 
 she turned around . 
 hesitantly , he pulled the coil of twine from the tail of her braid and replaced it with the ribbon . 
 `` there , '' he said , stepping back . 
 she turned around . 
 he looked up at her , his green eyes filled with the same aching , tender emotion that filled her heart . 
 there were so many things she wanted to say to him right now , but somehow nothing made it up her thickened throat . 
 it had been so long since she 'd expressed her emotions , she did n't know how to anymore . 
 so she just stood there , staring at him , hoping he could read her mind . 
 he gave her a slow , hopeful smile . 
 and , crazily , she thought that he had . 
 chapter nineteen mariah stood at the kitchen window , staring out across the quiet farm . 
 dawn was breaking along the horizon , sending plumes of purple and pink into the midnight blue sky . 
 she watched , mesmerized , as light broke across the land . 
 a glittering layer of hoarfrost clung to the acres of dead grass and shimmered on the fencing . 
 cleo stood at the paddock gate , waiting to be grained , her breath visible in the cold air . 
 any day the snow would come , blanketing the dor-marit grass with a layer of sparkling , pristine white . 
 they were ready for it . 
 the hard , backbreaking chores of the harvest were done . 
 the fruit had been picked and preserved and stacked and stored , the fields had been readied for the coming winter , the last colorful autumn leaves had fallen . 
 now the farm was an endless thicket of skeleton-bare trees huddled against the frosty air . 
 and mad dog was still here . 
 mariah smiled to herself . 
 even now , she could n't believe it . 
 every morning she raced to the window first thing and wrenched her curtains aside . 
 and every morning she 'd seen smoke coming up from the bunkhouse chimney . 
 today was no exception . 
 she leaned forward and glanced through the rippled glass , seeing the small , white building . 
 just the sight of it filled her with almost unbearable hope . 
 they would have another day together , at least one more . 
 whistling softly , she went to the icebox and pulled out the eggs and bacon . 
 behind her , the stairs creaked , and then came the shuffling , slow-moving sound of rass 's slippers on the hardwood floor . 
 `` mornin ' , mariah , '' he said in a raspy , slightly slurred voice . 
 `` morning , rass . '' 
 she went to the stove , poured him a cup of steaming coffee , and met him at the table . 
 `` here you go . 
 breakfast will be ready in about fifteen minutes . '' 
 he collapsed on the chair and took the cup from her . 
 curling his shaking , big-knuckled fingers around the warm china cup , he rested his elbows on the table and took a grateful drink . 
 `` i hope i make it to mealtime . '' 
 mariah laughed at the familiar morning complaint . 
 `` let me know before i serve up , '' she quipped , heading back to the stove . 
 she slapped a slab of bacon down on the slopboard and began slicing it into even strips . 
 the front door creaked open , then clicked shut . 
 jake hurried into the kitchen . 
 `` morning rass . 
 mariah . '' 
 she turned to him , smiling . 
 `` i 'm making your favorite this morning . '' 
 rass groaned . 
 `` oh , god , mariah , not more apple pancakes . '' 
 `` they 're jake 's favorite , '' she defended . 
 rass feigned disgust . 
 `` i know , but every morning is a bit much . '' 
 he turned to jake . 
 `` do n't you like anything else ? '' 
 jake grinned . 
 `` apple fritters . '' 
 rass shook his head . 
 `` you were destined to live on an apple farm . '' 
 mariah felt a rush of emotion at her father 's poignant words . 
 she smiled at jake . 
 `` on this farm , i think . '' 
 jake stared back at her , his smile slowly fading . 
 a hint of moisture glittered in his eyes . 
 `` i do n't have any other place to live . '' 
 mariah set down her knife and wiped her hands on her apron . 
 `` you always have a home here , jake . 
 i hope you know that . 
 i - '' she glanced at rass and corrected herself . 
 `` we need you . 
 in fact , it 's getting colder now , and i was thinking that you might like to move into the guest room downstairs . '' 
 he swallowed hard . 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'd like that . '' 
 they all stared at one another in silence . 
 behind them , the front door creaked open and slammed shut . 
 hard bootheels sounded on the wooden floor . 
 `` christ , '' came mad dog 's voice from the foyer . 
 `` not more apple pancakes . '' 
 he walked into the kitchen , grinning . 
 marian 's heart swelled with quiet happiness at the sight of him , standing so casually in her kitchen , as if he belonged here . 
 the wonder of it all rushed through her , warmed her as it did every morning . 
 fleetingly she wondered if he felt it , too , this growing sense of belonging , but she pushed the question aside with practiced ease . 
 she 'd made a point of not asking such things ; not of him , and not of herself . 
 for now , she was content to simply accept the gift of their time together . 
 `` you 're spoiling the kid , '' he said , leaning against the doorjamb . 
 `` if you had an acceptable favorite breakfast , i 'd spoil you , too , '' she responded . 
 he gave her an affronted look . 
 `` what 's wrong with a shot of tequila ? '' 
 rass snorted . 
 `` one more apple pancake and i 'm going to start siding with mad dog . '' 
 `` i love 'em , '' jake piped up , beaming . 
 mad dog crossed the kitchen toward mariah . 
 she heard each footfall , felt each step . 
 anticipation shivered through her . 
 her heart beat erratically in her chest , her breathing sped up . 
 their gazes met , locked . 
 she saw the carefully banked fire in his gaze , and knew it mirrored the look in her own eyes . 
 she spun back to the slopboard , focusing on the bacon so her father would n't see her eyes . 
 it was getting harder to hide her feelings for mad dog . 
 they had slept together several times since that first night . 
 they sneaked around the farm like errant adolescents , laughing , looking for privacy . 
 but no matter how often she loved him , she wanted more . 
 the need for him was like a living , breathing presence inside her . 
 every time she looked at him , she ached ; when he touched her , she felt as if she were melting . 
 he came up behind her . 
 she felt the heat of his body like a prickling fire against her back . 
 `` morning , mariah , '' he whispered . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , fighting the urge to lean back and let him hold her . 
 `` morning , mr. stone . '' 
 the soft tendrils of his laughter curled around her heart and squeezed . 
 `` i was thinking , miss throck-morton . . . '' 
 she caught her breath . 
 `` yes , mr. stone ? '' 
 he leaned toward her . 
 she felt his breathing ruffle the back of her unbound hair , slide along the back of her neck , heavy and moist . 
 `` my schedule is free tonight , '' he murmured in a voice so quiet , only she could hear it . 
 `` again . '' 
 response washed through her in waves , radiating to the very tips of her fingers . 
 she turned around and stared up into his smoldering , passionate gray eyes . 
 she swayed unsteadily . 
 lord , she wanted to kiss him . 
 right here , in the middle of her kitchen with her father and an impressionable boy looking on . 
 she tried to look calm and unaffected . 
 but her knees were knocking so loudly , her father could probably hear them . . 
 `` tonight , '' she mouthed . 
 he leaned toward her . 
 `` it 's getting damn cold by the river , '' he whispered . 
 his breath was warm against her forehead . 
 she shivered and fought the urge to close her eyes . 
 `` i 'll get rid of rass and come to you tonight . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i 'd rather you come with me tonight . '' 
 she could n't help herself . 
 she laughed . 
 rass peered toward them , trying to see past mad dog 's broad back . 
 `` what 're you two giggling about over there ? '' 
 mariah spun around and started hurriedly chopping bacon . 
 `` nothing , rass . 
 mr. stone just asked for my ... coffee recipe . '' 
 mad dog turned toward the table and started walking toward rass . 
 at marian 's feeble lie , he paused and glanced back at her . 
 `` yeah , rass , i gather recipes wherever i go . 
 it 's hobby of mine . '' 
 there was a moment of stunned silence , then all four of them burst out laughing . 
 mariah bent down for the wicker basket heaped with clothing . 
 looping an arm through the handle , she picked up her sewing box , and headed outside . 
 opening the front door , she stared out at the farm , washed now in the amethyst shades of early twilight . 
 over by the springhouse , mad dog and jake were boxing . 
 the crunching smack of their punches echoed across the silent , still acreage . 
 a tingling warmth spread through her at the sight of them . 
 her fingers tightened around the scratchy wicker of the basket , her throat closed up . 
 it felt so right , coming out of the house on a cold autumn evening to see her boys boxing in the yard . 
 the moment swelled inside her , pushing at the edges of her heart until it felt overflowing . 
 her boys . 
 for a moment she let herself imagine that they really were her boys out there , that jake was her son and mad dog her husband , that they all belonged together . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut and tried to banish the foolish dream , but it would n't go away . 
 the last few days of autumn had been magical , a season of impossible dreams . 
 she could almost believe it would last . 
 `` come on out , mariah . '' 
 she glanced sideways and saw her father sitting slumped in the porch swing . 
 `` evening , rass . '' 
 he scooted sideways , patting the slatted space beside him . 
 `` join me . '' 
 mariah glanced down at him and smiled . 
 lord , it had been so long since she 'd sat with her father on the porch swing . 
 her heart ached with longing at the thought of joining him , sitting beside him . 
 belonging . . . 
 `` you used to love the swing . 
 i built it for you . 
 remember ? '' 
 the single , tantalizing word lodged in her heart . 
 remember . . . 
 clutching the basket and flat sewing box , she moved to the swing and sat down . 
 it creaked loudly beneath her weight , welcoming her in the way it had since childhood . 
 they sat in silence for a while , then slowly , gently , rass began to rock . 
 the swing glided back and forth , back and forth , taking mariah back in time with its easy , familiar motion . 
 she found herself relaxing , slipping back into a place and time that had no heartache , no loss . 
 for a few heartbreakingly perfect moments , everything was the way it used to be . 
 the way it should have been . 
 * there was only one thing missing . 
 mama . . . 
 her mother sat in this swing for hours , darning her husband 's pants , her daughter 's socks . 
 and laughing , always laughing . 
 `` what is it , mariah ? '' 
 her father asked quietly . 
 she reached down and pulled a pair of jake 's pants into her lap , staring down at the patched , brown woolen pant leg so hard , it smeared . 
 she thought at first that she would n't answer her father , could n't answer him . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , feeling an overwhelming sadness . 
 she licked her lips and stared out across the farm . 
 `` mariah ? '' 
 he said her name softly , almost whispered it . 
 and suddenly , sitting here on the porch , beside her father , she felt a flash of courage , a momentary strength . 
 she turned to him , knowing her eyes were wide with pain , and for once , not caring . 
 `` do you ... miss her all the time ? '' 
 rass let out a soft breath . 
 `` every moment of every day . '' 
 mariah felt tears swell in her throat . 
 they clung , burning , to her eyes and refused to fall . 
 `` me , too . '' 
 rass reached out , laid his trembling hand on her shoulder . 
 `` she loved you , mariah . 
 jesus , she loved you so much . '' 
 mariah felt the warmth of that touch all the way to her soul . 
 `` i know that . 
 i just ... wish i 'd told her more often . '' 
 he squeezed her shoulder reassuringly . 
 `` she did n't need to hear the words . 
 she knew . '' 
 `` i needed to say them . '' 
 marian 's fingers clenched the coarse fabric . 
 grief curled around her throat , made breathing almost impossible . 
 the porch swing kept up its gentle rocking motion , creaking back and forth . 
 mariah stared dully at the pants . 
 tears burned in her throat and behind her eyes . 
 she knew that if she could turn now , in this instant , to her father and say / love you , it would all change . 
 or if he could move toward her and take her in his arms the way he used to ... but she could n't and he did n't . 
 there were too many years of quiet distance between them , too deep a layer of awkwardness . 
 she did n't know how to reach out to anyone , least of all her own father . 
 and so their silence grew heavy and uncomfortable , rang with ghostly reminders of the laughter that used to fill this porch at night . 
 she told herself it was all right , that someday she 'd make it right with her father . 
 she was getting stronger every day . 
 soon she 'd be able to say the words that burned in her heart . 
 maybe even tomorrow ... `` ow , shit ! '' 
 mad dog 's yelp of pain rang through the silence . 
 mariah 's head snapped up . 
 mad dog lay sprawled in the dirt , arms flung wide , legs spread . 
 jake was crouched beside him , shaking him . 
 she dropped the pants and lurched to her feet , screaming mad dog 's name . 
 he sat up and gave her an infuriatingly cocky grin . 
 `` the kid 's gettin ' good , '' he said , rubbing his jaw . 
 then he smiled up at the boy . 
 `` i 'm proud of you , jake . '' 
 jake beamed . 
 the two of them bent their heads together and started talking . 
 the unintelligible garble of their lowered voices drifted through the still , chilly air . 
 shaking , mariah slumped back onto the swing 's slatted seat . 
 tiredly she reached down and retrieved the pants . 
 `` he 's a good man , '' rass said softly . 
 mariah did n't even pretend to misunderstand . 
 `` yes , he is . '' 
 `` do you love him ? '' 
 the question surprised mariah . 
 it was one that had knocked gently at the door of her mind a hundred times in the past few days , but she 'd never let it in . 
 every day it took more strength to ignore , though , and she was getting weaker by the hour . 
 every time she looked at him , she wondered if she loved him . 
 he did n't love her , of course ; she knew and accepted that . 
 but somehow , that seemed almost unimportant . 
 she wanted-needed-to know if she loved him . 
 sometimes , when she looked up into his smiling face , or felt the warmth of his touch , she felt ... something more than sheer physical response . 
 she turned to her father . 
 `` how would i know , rass ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 a dreamy , faraway look crept into his eyes . 
 `` you 'd know . '' 
 mariah sighed . 
 `` well , it certainly was n't love at first sight for mad dog and me . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' rass said with a smile . 
 `` cracking a man 's jaw with a shotgun is a form of courting in some cultures . '' 
 mariah could n't help smiling . 
 `` i guess i do n't love him , but ... '' her voice trailed off . 
 `` but what ? '' 
 she licked her lips nervously and looked at her father . 
 in his rheumy blue eyes she saw something she never remembered seeing there before . 
 unconditional love and acceptance . 
 it stunned her . 
 fleetingly she wondered if it had always been there or if it was something new . 
 she did n't know , did n't care . 
 what mattered was the fact that now , for the first time ever , she did n't feel like a failure in her father 's eyes . 
 her heart swelled with aching emotion . 
 she felt suddenly younger and filled with hope for the future . 
 `` but i think i could love him ... if i let myself . '' 
 an infinite sadness crossed his eyes , and mariah thought-crazily-that he took responsibility for her inability to love . 
 `` do n't be afraid of going out on that limb , mariah . 
 it 's where the fruit is . '' 
 `` i do n't know if he can love me back . 
 i ... i do n't think he can . '' 
 rass smiled sadly . 
 `` we never know that , boo . '' 
 mariah glanced at him sharply . 
 emotion tightened her throat . 
 `` you have n't called me that in years . '' 
 sadness filled his eyes . 
 `` i should have . '' 
 mariah swallowed hard and stared at him . 
 `` you know what i think ? '' 
 he leaned toward her . 
 `` i think he could love you , too . '' 
 `` if he stays . '' 
 she said the three terrifying words aloud . 
 rass 's smile faded . 
 slowly , tiredly , he leaned back against the porch swing . 
 even rass , the eternal optimist , could n't pretend to have an answer for that one . 
 `` if he stays . '' 
 with that , they lapsed back into silence . 
 mad dog dried himself off and stepped out of the shower . 
 whistling softly , he wrapped the towel around his waist and headed for the steamy mirror . 
 anticipation shivered through him . 
 mariah had made good on her promise ; she 'd found a way to give them some time alone . 
 jake was harnessing cleo right now . 
 any minute , rass and the boy would be leaving for town . 
 still smiling , he reached for rass 's razor and started to shave . 
 outside , someone screamed . 
 mad dog dropped the fancy pearl-handled razor . 
 it clattered in the porcelain sink . 
 he yanked the towel away from his body and grabbed his blue jeans , stabbing his feet into the pants as he hopped to the door and ran down the hall . 
 breathing hard , half-dressed , he burst outside . 
 he saw the farm in a series of horrible images : marian , on her knees in the dirt ; rass sprawled on the ground ; jake , staring at mad dog with tears streaming down his face . 
 `` oh , jesus . '' 
 the quiet words slipped past his lips as he bounded down the steps and raced across the yard . 
 `` rass , rass ! '' 
 marian 's shrill , desperate voice filled the silent air . 
 she clutched her father 's shoulders , shaking him hard . 
 `` wake up . '' 
 her voice broke off into nothingness . 
 mad dog kneeled beside her , touched her shoulder . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she jerked toward him , staring up through huge , terrified eyes . 
 `` he just . . . 
 collapsed . '' 
 she brought a hand to her mouth , as if speaking the words made it more real . 
 `` oh , god ... '' mad dog reached for the old man 's wrist . 
 `` there 's a pulse , '' he said . 
 relief washed through him . 
 `` he 's still alive . '' 
 beside him , marian made a sobbing sound . 
 he squeezed her shoulder lightly , then scooped rass into his arms . 
 the old may lay limp and lifeless , his head lolled back . 
 `` get a blanket , '' he said to mariah . 
 she sat there , stiff as a statue , her head bowed , her hands curled into shaking fists in her lap . 
 her eyes were dull and vacant . 
 `` mariah ! '' 
 he yelled at her . 
 through a fog of fear and terror , mariah heard mad dog yelling at her . 
 with great effort , she lifted her chin . 
 `` uh-huh ? '' 
 `` go get some blankets . 
 now ! '' 
 she snapped out of her incomprehensive state and spun away from him , racing into the house . 
 she thundered up the stairs and barreled into her bedroom , snatching the blankets from her bed . 
 wadding them against her chest , she plunged back down the stairs and ran outside . 
 rass was lying in the buggy 's backseat , his lifeless , blue-veined hands folded against his chest . 
 `` oh , god . . . '' 
 mariah made a choked , garbled sound of horror and skidded to a stop . 
 the blankets fell from her numb hands and whooshed to the ground in a heap of white . 
 `` christ , mariah . '' 
 mad dog swiped up the blankets and threw them at jake , who tucked the thick wool around rass . 
 then mad dog climbed up onto the buggy seat and yanked back on the reins . 
 `` open the gate , mariah . '' 
 the gate . 
 mariah felt the words like a punch to the throat . 
 she started shaking ; her breathing shattered into short , choppy bursts that burned up her throat . 
 `` open the goddamn gate ! '' 
 you can open the gate , mariah . 
 you can . 
 haltingly she moved toward the gate . 
 the long silver latch glinted in the moonlight . 
 she stared at it , unable to move . 
 her heart thundered in her ears , a headache pulsed behind her eyes . 
 for a terrifying , debilitating moment , she thought she was going to throw up . 
 come on , mariah . . . 
 she reached out ; her fingers trembled so hard , it took her a moment to grab hold . 
 at the feel of it , so icy cold and unfamiliar , pure , primal terror washed through her . 
 she wrenched her hand back . 
 she could n't touch it , could n't open it . 
 not even for rass . 
 oh god , oh jesus . . . 
 behind her , something cracked hard . 
 hooves pounded toward her . 
 the ground rattled beneath her feet . 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 cleo skidded to a dusty stop , the buggy creaked . 
 mad dog jumped down from the seat and shoved the gate aside , then he climbed back up into the carriage . 
 `` get in ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 dully mariah looked up at him . 
 for a heartbeat , she did n't know what he was talking about . 
 `` get in , for christ 's sake . '' 
 she shook her head , trying to speak , but nothing made it past her lips except a tiny , mewling sound of terror . 
 despair pushed in at her from all sides , strangled her . 
 it had been a lie , all these years . 
 she thought she did n't want to leave ; she 'd never known she could n't , never known she was so sick and twisted and useless . . . . 
 mad dog frowned . 
 `` mariah ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 she felt as if she were being ripped slowly , painfully in half . 
 she tried desperately to breathe , but she could n't . 
 `` i ... ca n't ... leave . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 a scream welled up inside her . 
 she shook her head , trying to hold it back . 
 `` i c-can ' t leave the farm . '' 
 mad dog ran a hand through his hair and sighed heavily . 
 `` i do n't know what the hell you 're talking about , mariah . 
 get in the goddamn buggy . '' 
 this time she could n't stop the scream . 
 it ripped past her mouth and blasted through the night , a sound of elemental , animal grief . 
 `` i ca n't '' she screamed , her hands clenched into fists at her sides . 
 `` mariah - '' `` just go , goddamn it . '' 
 she lifted her face to mad dog 's , saw him through a blur of hot tears . 
 `` t-take care of him , please . . . . '' 
 her voice shattered into a pathetic whimper . 
 `` please , he 's all i have ... '' `` i know where the doctor lives , '' jake said from the backseat . 
 mad dog looked at her one last time , then snapped hard on the reins . 
 cleo bolted forward . 
 the metal buggy wheels skidded through the loose gravel in a bone-crunching whine and turned onto the dirt road , hurtling toward town . 
 chapter twenty darkness closed in on marian , pressed against her lungs until every breath was a wheezing , hurting gasp . 
 pain pulsed through her body , wringing her heart , twisting her soul into reed-thin rope that snapped beneath the pressure . 
 rass was dying . 
 rass , who 'd held her hand when she was a little girl and dried so many of her tears . 
 rass , who loved to explore roads and found joy in a bit of white quartz . 
 her daddy . 
 `` oh , god ... '' with a strangled sob , she sank to her knees . 
 out on the road , the buggy sped into the thickening bank of shadows . 
 wheels crunched through the loose stones , cleo 's pounding hooves hammered in a thundering beat . 
 then it was gone . 
 the buggy disappeared into the night , and even the sounds faded away . 
 she was left in an aching , sightless void , utterly alone . 
 she should be with him . 
 jesus , she should be with him - she screamed until her throat was dry and parched , until the wailing keen melted into a scratchy , pathetic whimper . 
 the spiked slats of the picket fence seemed to pulse ominously , mocking her with silent laughter . 
 self-loathing surged through her in a crippling wave . 
 she clamped a hand to her mouth and staggered upright . 
 her feet caught in her skirts and she tripped , falling hard against the fence . 
 it creaked and sagged beneath her weight . 
 the spiked tip of a slat bit into her hand , slashed into her palm . 
 shame and guilt moved through her . 
 she sank to her knees on the hard ground and bowed her head , dragged down by the overwhelming burden of her own useless-ness . 
 / let you down , rass . 
 oh , jesus , i let you down . 
 a strangled , burning sob wedged in her throat . 
 please , god , let him live . 
 please . . . 
 she thought of this afternoon , when she 'd blithely assumed she and rass had years worth of time to talk . 
 she had n't said what she wanted to say to him , the words he needed to hear . 
 she 'd been afraid , and now he was near death-maybe dead-and she 'd never said the words to him , never told him how much she loved him . . 
 god , how much she loved him ... grief exploded through her then , left her shaking and sick and desperately , desperately afraid . 
 she did n't know what to do , how to vent her emotions . 
 they overwhelmed her , clawed at her coherency with talon tips . 
 hysteria built inside her heart , expanding with every heartbeat , surging with every breath . 
 she screamed again , but the sound came out strangled and gasping . 
 oh god , oh god , oh god ... she squeezed her eyes shut and pitched face-first onto the cold , unforgiving ground . 
 slowly she curled into a fetal position and lay there , panting , trying desperately to cry . 
 waiting for her father to come home . 
 the buggy skidded to a stop in front of doc sherman 's house . 
 jake lurched out of the backseat and raced up the path , hammering on the door with his fist . 
 no one answered . 
 fear spilled through him , chilled him to the bone . 
 he pounded harder . 
 `` doc ... doc , are you home ? '' 
 finally the door swung open . 
 a stoop-shouldered , bespectacled old man with gray-white hair stood in the opening . 
 he squinted down at jake . 
 `` yes ? 
 who are you ? '' 
 jake flung his finger back toward the buggy , where mad dog stood with a limp , lifeless rass in his arms . 
 `` we got rass throckmorton . 
 he ... '' his voice cracked . 
 hot , embarrassing tears welled in his eyes . 
 doctor sherman straightened . 
 `` get him the hell in here ! '' 
 mad dog hurried up the path and followed doctor sherman to a bedroom in the back of the house . 
 ` tut him down , '' doc said , reaching for his black leather bag . 
 mad dog laid rass tenderly on the bed , then leaned over him , peering into the old man 's waxen face . 
 `` rass , '' he whispered . 
 `` do n't give up . 
 do n't ... '' `` scoot , '' doc said , looping a stethoscope around his neck . 
 `` there 's coffee on the stove . 
 have some . '' 
 he looked at jake through kind , concerned eyes . 
 `` it 's gon na be a long night . '' 
 jake shambled into the sitting room . 
 he tried not to think of the other times he 'd been through this exact night , but the memories were insistent , worming their way through his thoughts with insidious strength . 
 he 'd lost other loved ones in his life ; his grandfather , his mother . 
 once they got like this , they never lived through the night . 
 never . . . 
 tears scalded his eyes , dripped down his cheeks . 
 he sank unsteadily onto the hard leather of a settee and buried his face in his hands . 
 memories and images winged through his mind , each one bringing a fresh lump of tears . 
 i thought you might be hungry ... if the mountain wo n't come to mohammed , then mohammed best head for the mountain . . . . 
 you were meant to live on an apple farm . 
 and marian 's quiet invitation . 
 this apple farm . 
 they 'd made him so welcome , given him so much . 
 with them , he almost felt like he had a family again , something he thought he 'd buried with his mother . 
 rass was the grandfather jake had never really had ; the loving , gentle relative that jacob vanderstay had never been . 
 a man who never got angry or demanded anything . 
 a grandfather who laughed and loved and gave . 
 `` please , god , '' he said , tasting the salty moisture of his own tears . 
 `` please do n't take him yet ___ '' but his words were hollow and lifeless , without the spine of hope . 
 he 'd said them too many times in his life , and he knew the truth . 
 god almost never answered at a time like this . 
 he squeezed his eyes shut . 
 tears burned down his cheeks and burrowed into the corners of his mouth , tasting warm and wet and hopeless . 
 he 'd never felt more alone in his whole life . 
 and his father was right beside him . 
 `` can i get you a cup of coffee , kid ? '' 
 jake snapped his head up , feeling a surge of anger at this man who was his father but was n't . 
 `` do n't call me kid . 
 my name is jake . '' 
 mad dog dropped slowly to a squat in front of jake . 
 `` my old man called me kid . 
 i guess it 's just a bad habit . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 jake 's irrational anger died as quickly as it had come . 
 without it , he felt cold and alone again . 
 he slumped forward . 
 his elbows hit his knees and he cradled his face in sweaty palms . 
 mad dog 's touch was so gentle , so tentative , that at first jake thought he 'd imagined it , willed it somehow . 
 but he had n't . 
 mad dog had reached out and touched jake 's shoulder , squeezing it gently . 
 `` he 's gon na be all right , jake . 
 he 's a strong man . '' 
 jake 's head came up slowly . 
 tears burned in his eyes , turning his father into a blur of blond hair and tanned skin . 
 and for an instant , just an instant , jake did n't know if he was crying for rass or for himself . 
 his father had touched him , comforted him . 
 he bit his lower lip to keep it from trembling . 
 it was nothing , really , just a meaningless little squeeze on the shoulder , but to jake it meant the world . 
 it meant his father cared-at least a little . 
 he swallowed hard . 
 mad dog withdrew his hand slowly . 
 the moment started to slip away . 
 jake surged forward , unwilling to let the connection fade . 
 suddenly now , on this tired old settee , with death so close , he could taste its familiar sourness , he felt a stirring of courage . 
 he wanted to get to know his father . 
 he spoke before he lost his nerve . 
 `` what was your dad like ? '' 
 surprise widened mad dog 's eyes . 
 `` i dunno . '' 
 jake refused to let it go . 
 `` are you like him ? '' 
 something dark moved through mad dog 's eyes . 
 he pushed to his feet and walked away from jake , staring down at his own bare feet on the plush oriental carpet . 
 `` yeah , '' he said after a while , `` i guess i am . '' 
 `` you 're lucky , '' jake said quietly . 
 mad dog turned to him . 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 jake tried to keep his voice steady , but it was hard . 
 `` at least you knew your dad . 
 my father ran out on my mama before i was born . '' 
 a sad , understanding shadow of a smile shaped mad dog 's mouth . 
 `` my dad ran out on us , too . '' 
 slowly he walked over to the settee and sat down beside jake , stretching out his long legs . . 
 `` would you run out on your own kid ? '' 
 jake 's breath caught at the simple question . 
 he could n't believe he 'd asked it , but once he had , he felt anticipation course through him . 
 maybe mad dog would say just the right thing . . 
 maybe he 'd say he 'd always wanted a child ... a son ... and he 'd never leave one behind . 
 mad dog leaned back . 
 the settee creaked in protest . 
 `` i 've thought about that , believe it or not . 
 when i was younger , i wanted kids . 
 i thought i could be a good father . '' 
 he laughed easily , shook his head . 
 `` then i grew up . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` a good dad stays put , jake , it 's as simple as that . 
 i leave . '' 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 the question seemed to surprise mad dog . 
 a slight frown pulled at his forehead . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` have you ever tried to stay anywhere ? '' 
 mad dog turned away from jake and stared at the flocked , red-papered wall in front of them . 
 he opened his mouth , then closed it . 
 `` are you gon na answer me ? '' 
 mad dog smiled , but it was forced . 
 `` it 's a stupid question . 
 i said i ca n't stay , so i ca n't . 
 but at least i 'm honest-my old man lied to us . 
 he acted like he was gon na stay , then he left . 
 i never lie . '' 
 jake 's heart twisted hard . 
 `` no , i guess you did n't . '' 
 `` when i realized what kind of drifter i was , how irresponsible and all , i made myself quit wantin ' a kid . '' 
 `` so now you do n't want one ? '' 
 jake 's voice was so quiet , he barely heard it himself . 
 `` naw , i like my life the way it is . 
 i go where i want , do what i want . 
 i 'm free . 
 you 'll know what i mean someday . '' 
 jake shook his head . 
 `` i 've been on the road awhile . 
 i want a place to stay . '' 
 he looked at his dad , stared into his gray eyes and tried to make him understand . 
 `` it 's . . . 
 lonely out there for me . '' 
 before mad dog could respond , a door creaked open . 
 doc sherman came shuffling out of the bedroom and walked into the sitting room , sinking into the big , overstuffed chair across from them . 
 jake froze , his eyes riveted on the doctor . 
 please , god , let him be okay ... please ... . 
 easing the spectacles from his face , the doctor set them on his thigh and rubbed the bridge of his nose . 
 mad dog leaned forward . 
 `` how is he , doc ? '' 
 sherman sighed again , a deep , depressed sound . 
 `` not good . 
 it 's apoplexy . 
 his left side is partially paralyzed , and he 's in a deep sleep . 
 a coma , it 's called . '' 
 jake felt as if he were falling . 
 a tiny whimper escaped his pursed lips . 
 mad dog squeezed his shoulder again . 
 the reassuring touch comforted jake , gave him an anchor in the shifting world of his grief . 
 `` is there anything you can do for him ? '' 
 the doctor shook his head . 
 `` rass and i talked about this a few days ago . 
 he 's been having the symptoms for a while now . 
 he knew this was coming . 
 he ... he wanted to die at home . '' 
 the word die hit jake hard in the stomach . 
 he squeezed his eyes shut , shaking his head in denial . 
 `` how long does he have ? '' 
 mad dog asked . 
 `` who knows ? 
 maybe a week ; maybe a day . '' 
 `` sometimes miracles happen , '' jake said quietly , staring at the doctor for confirmation . 
 there was none . 
 mad dog gave jake a slow , sad smile , and jake knew that his father did n't believe in miracles any more than he did . 
 `` you just keep hoping that , jake . 
 rass needs someone to believe in a miracle . '' 
 then he turned back to the doctor . 
 `` what should we do for him ? '' 
 doc pulled a folded piece of paper from his shirt pocket . 
 `` i 've made you a list . '' 
 he handed it to mad dog , who skimmed its contents before he looked back up at the doctor . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 `` i do n't think mariah knew he was sick . 
 rass was so protective of her . '' 
 the doctor rubbed the bridge of his nose again and closed his eyes for a moment . 
 `` it 's going to hit her hard . 
 she has no one else in the world . '' 
 jake looked up suddenly , feeling a tiny seed of hope in the darkness . 
 she has me . 
 he wanted to say the words out loud , tried to , but his throat was so thick , he could only make a useless , scratching sound . 
 `` no one ever expects something like this , '' doc went on , `` and mariah 's ... fragile . 
 i wish there was someone to take care of her . 
 rass would 've wanted that . '' 
 jake opened his mouth to say / will , but the words were never heard . 
 someone else had spoken first . 
 `` i 'll take care of her , '' mad dog said . 
 jake looked at his father , stunned . 
 mad dog was sitting hunched over , with his elbows on his bent knees , staring at the doctor . 
 his eyes were filled with a quiet determination that surprised jake . 
 mad dog was serious . 
 he would take care of mariah . 
 jake shook his head . 
 if he had n't been so devastated about rass , he might have managed a smile . 
 it must mean something , this unexpected commitment to mariah . 
 something big . 
 but jake did n't know what it was . 
 mariah heard the buggy driving up the yard . 
 she flew out of her bed and ran , hair flying , down the stairs and through the kitchen , bursting onto the dark porch . 
 mad dog reined cleo in , bringing the buggy to a creaking halt . 
 she did n't look at him . 
 instead she stood there , stiff as a rail , her hands twisted together at her midsection . 
 `` he 's dead , is n't he ? '' 
 `` no ... he 's not dead . '' 
 mariah lifted moist , hopeful eyes to mad dog 's face . 
 her fingers uncoiled , fell back to her sides . 
 `` he 's okay ? '' 
 mad dog 's face crumpled , and mariah 's budding hope crashed all around her . 
 and somehow the pain of losing that second of hope was more devastating than the hours she 'd spent believing he was dead . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she asked dully . 
 mad dog gave her a look of intimate sadness . 
 quietly he said , `` is his bed ready ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 fear and desperation closed in on her , in her chest , her heart , her throat . 
 her insides twisted and writhed , her pulse pounded in her ears . 
 she was close to shattering , close to losing what precious little control she had . 
 she drew in a sharp , shaking breath and tried to hold on . 
 mad dog jumped down from the buggy and scooped rass into his arms . 
 her father 's head lolled back , his arm slipped lifelessly downward . 
 mariah gasped at the sight of him , so pale and wan . 
 her father , who 'd always been there for her , always been healthy and robust , looked small and old ... and dying . 
 jake jumped down from the buggy and walked toward her . 
 his eyes were red-rimmed from crying , and his skin was the color of candle wax . 
 his mouth was drawn into a tight , trembling line . 
 she felt his sadness , knew he was as miserable as she was , and doing his adolescent best to hold back tears . 
 deep inside her , something stirred , some remnant of the woman she 'd been a few hours ago , and she wanted to reach out to him . 
 but she did n't , she could n't . 
 there was nothing inside her , nothing to offer to a young boy who needed comfort . 
 sickened and saddened by her own weakness , she looked away from jake 's teary eyes . 
 mad dog cradled rass in gentle arms and walked up the porch stairs . 
 he stopped beside her , looked down at her through eyes filled with tender understanding . 
 `` let 's take him to bed . '' 
 she tried to nod , but even that simple action was beyond her . 
 `` jake , '' mad dog went on , `` you go get a pitcher of warm water , a washrag , and a spoon . 
 doc says we 're supposed to keep him drinking if we can . '' 
 mariah knew she should feel grateful to mad dog for taking over , but she was so sick and numb , she did n't feel anything . 
 `` show me the way , '' he said gently . 
 she turned away from him and stumbled up the stairs , clutching the wobbly handrail for support . 
 he followed slowly , his every footstep heavy and thudding on the creaking steps . 
 she stared through wide , gritty eyes at the darkened hallway and forced herself to keep walking . 
 but every step caused a twisting spasm in her stomach . 
 her fingers trembled , her throat went dry . 
 the closed door loomed in front of her . 
 this was her father 's bedroom , and once , long ago , her mother 's . 
 it was their place , their sanctuary . 
 she did n't want to go in there , did n't want to place her dying father in his bed and try to pretend she could survive . 
 shaking , she reached for the knob and opened the door . 
 pale moonlight slithered through the lacy white curtains and puddled on the fringed , dark blue carpet . 
 a shadowy , four-postered bed huddled against one wall , its center a mass of white sheets and black blankets . 
 she moved woodenly into the room , her hands twisted nervously together . 
 the quiet , shadowy room smelled of lingering lamplight , freshly washed sheets , and ... lavender . 
 the unexpected scent almost brought mariah to her knees . 
 it was impossible , she told herself . 
 it was only her imagination that added a hint of lavender to the air . 
 she lit two lamps and went to the bed , yanking back the blankets . 
 the harsh scent of burning oil filled the shadowy room , obliterating the impossible fragrance of lavender . 
 mad dog followed her into the room and laid rass down on the bed . 
 he bent over , carefully tucking the blanket around rass , drawing it up to his chest . 
 mariah got her first real look at her father . 
 golden lamplight wreathed him in an amber , almost ethereal light , but even that could n't add color to the bluish hollows of his cheeks . 
 shadows clung beneath his closed eyes , giving them a deathly , sunken look . 
 his lips were gray , almost invisible against the lifeless pallor of his slack skin . 
 grief hit her so hard , she felt dizzy . 
 she clutched the bedpost , clinging to it for support . 
 mad dog appeared beside her , curled an arm around her shoulders , and drew her close . 
 the steadying warmth of his touch penetrated the soul-deep chill in-her bones . 
 with an exhausted sigh , she let herself lean against him . 
 he reached for the settee beneath the window and dragged it to the bedside . 
 together , they sat down . 
 `` mariah ? '' 
 she winced , knowing what was coming next and not wanting to hear it . 
 she licked her paper-dry lips and stared at the wooden floorboards . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 mad dog let out a quiet sigh . 
 `` he 's in a coma . '' 
 she nodded , feeling strangely as if she 'd left the room . 
 there was someone else inside her now , a remote inner core that made her body move , made her lips speak , made her head nod . 
 but there was no feeling in her , no emotion , nothing except an icy coldness . 
 she knew what he was going to say next . 
 she 'd heard it before . 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 he swallowed so loudly , she heard it . 
 `` doc sherman says he 's ... not going to get better . '' 
 `` doc 's wrong . '' 
 she tried to make the words sound strong , but they eked past her lips as a frail whisper . 
 `` maybe , '' he said quietly . 
 tears scalded her eyes . 
 `` there ... there could be a miracle , '' she said throatily . 
 `` do you believe in miracles ? '' 
 the question almost killed her . 
 she sagged , feeling suddenly agonizingly brittle and unprotected . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` doc says he does n't have much time . '' 
 she bit down on her lip , trying to hold on . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 `` maybe a week ... maybe tonight . '' 
 he placed his hand on hers , squeezed . 
 `` you need to say good-bye . '' 
 she turned to him suddenly , looked at him for the first time since they 'd come into the room . 
 he did n't understand . 
 no one did . 
 loneliness and sorrow smothered her , pressed cold hands against her chest . 
 `` you think that will help ? '' 
 she said , unable to keep bitterness from her voice . 
 `` saying good-bye ? '' 
 `` it 's all you have . '' 
 she gasped at his words . 
 `` oh , god , '' she whispered , feeling beaten and afraid . 
 `` i ... i ca n't say good-bye to rass , too . '' 
 tears clogged in her throat , burned in her eyes . 
 a pounding headache filled her head . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 he stroked her hair gently . 
 `` i wish i knew what to say to you , mariah . '' 
 the words touched nothing in her , left her feeling as cold and dull and dead as before . 
 `` there 's nothing anyone can say . '' 
 `` no , '' was all he said , but in that simple , single word , she knew he understood , knew he 'd faced a loved one 's death befare . 
 he curled his arm around her , held her close . 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 for now . 
 mariah heard the words as clearly , as loudly , as if they 'd been spoken aloud . 
 he was here with her for now . 
 but soon he would be gone , rass would be gone , jake would be gone , and she would be alone . 
 utterly , desperately alone . 
 she hung her head and wished she could cry . 
 chapter twenty-one mad dog stood in the bedroom 's open doorway . 
 the room was bathed in light-mariah had ripped down every curtain and lit every lamp . 
 but the golden glow could n't chase away the chill of death or warm the cold , sunken cheeks of the man who lay still and silent in the huge , four-postered bed . 
 sadness crept through mad dog 's chest , tightening it until every breath hurt . 
 tears burned his eyes , turned the sunlit room into a golden blur . 
 he blinked , unashamed of his grief . 
 gradually the chamber came back into focus . 
 and what he saw-and heard-broke his heart all over again . 
 mariah sat beside the bed , the settee scooted close . 
 she leaned slightly forward , one slim hand curled around her father 's blue-veined , big-knuckled one , the other holding a book of poetry . 
 the halting , quiet strains of her voice filtered across the room . 
 `` all my past life is mine no more ; the flying hours are gone like transitory dreams given o'er , whose images are kept in store by memory alone . 
 ... '' she set the book down and bowed her head . 
 the sight of her , so sad-looking and defeated , twisted something old and forgotten in mad dog 's heart . 
 he was seeing a rare moment of weakness , he knew . 
 he 'd watched her often in the past two days , stood here in the doorway in silence , wishing-christ , wishing-he could do something for her . 
 but she would n't let him help . 
 she just sat there by the bed , holding her father 's hand and reading poetry . 
 sometimes-not often-she stopped reading and simply talked to him . 
 not about anything important , not about her fear or loneliness or despair , but about the weather , the farm , or the coming of winter . 
 it was a rare moment when she put down her book ; rarer still when she allowed herself to bend as she was doing now . 
 for the past few days , she had n't left his side . 
 she did n't eat , hardly slept , never moved . 
 her sorrow was like a heavy gray shroud over her shoulders , weighing her down , pulling the color from her cheeks and the spirit from her soul . 
 and never once had mad dog heard her pray . 
 now , looking at her , he could see the effects of her vigil . 
 she was wan and strained-looking . 
 her skin had lost its creamy sheen ; the healthy glow had given way to a lackluster ashen hue . 
 her eyes , once so sparkling with life , were dull and vacant . 
 her sadness touched him more than he would have thought possible . 
 it was crazy ; but he hurt because she hurt . 
 he wanted suddenly to go to her , to put his arms around her and hold her close . 
 but she would n't let him comfort her . 
 he let out his breath in a frustrated sigh and knocked on the wall . 
 , i 've brought you something to eat . '' 
 she did n't look up . 
 `` i 'm not hungry . '' 
 her voice was as flat and lifeless as the hair that hung in a snarled mass down her back . 
 `` you have to eat something , '' he said tiredly , knowing it was a battle he 'd lose . 
 she placed her book , facedown , on the settee 's cushion and reached for the washbasin beside her . 
 plunging her hands into the lukewarm water , she pulled out the rag and twisted it hard . 
 water streamed down from her fists . 
 then , carefully , she dabbed her father 's slack mouth with the damp cloth . 
 mad dog had been dismissed . 
 frustrated , he studied her downcast face . 
 she was trying pathetically hard to remain in control , to appear invincible . 
 but she could n't quite manage it . 
 he saw the quiver in her lower lip when she looked at her father , the trembling in her hands when she gently washed his face : her pitiful attempt at strength tore at his heart . 
 he knew how she felt , knew how hard it was to appear strong when your spirit was gone . 
 he 'd sat in that same chair , helpless and alone , watching his mother wither and die . 
 he wanted to tell mariah he understood , that shel was n't alone . 
 but she would n't listen to him , would n't even look at him . 
 he knew why ; knew and understood . 
 when the pair was that sharp and the defenses so weak , a kindness - ^ any kindness -- was almost unbearable . 
 she was terrified to let anyone be kind to her right now , afraid that if she gave in-even for a second-she 'd fall into a pit of grief from which she 'd never emerge . 
 he rubbed the bridge of his nose . 
 there had to be something he could do to help . 
 something - `` oh , my god . '' 
 he opened his eyes . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 v `` he moved . '' 
 mad dog lurched into the room and came up beside her . 
 she squeezed her father 's hand with both of hers . 
 `` rass ? 
 rass ? '' 
 rass groaned . 
 it was a quiet , rustling sound . 
 his eyelids fluttered . 
 `` i 'm right here , rass . 
 it 's mariah and mad dog . 
 we 're right here . '' 
 he groaned again , ran his tongue across his teeth . 
 slowly , incredibly , his eyes began to open . 
 `` mariah ? '' 
 his voice was a scratchy shadow of itself . 
 `` i 'm right here , rass . 
 right here . '' 
 she squeezed his hand . 
 he frowned , tried to focus . 
 `` mad dog-that you ? '' 
 for a moment , mad dog could n't speak past the lump of emotion in his throat . 
 `` i 'm here , rass . '' 
 a tired smile pulled at one side of rass!s blue-tinged lips . 
 `` well , i 'll be damned ... '' `` rass , i want you to eat something ... . '' 
 mariah began . 
 rass stopped her with a slow wave of his good hand . 
 `` no point in eating . '' 
 she gasped softly . 
 `` rass , do n't - '' `` i want to sit on the porch swing , '' he said in a thick , slurred voice . 
 `` see the night sky one last time . '' 
 mariah drew in an unsteady breath . 
 `` do n't say that ! '' 
 rass turned sad , rheumy blue eyes on mad dog . 
 ` carry me out to the swing , will you ? '' 
 mad dog felt the sting of tears . 
 rass looked so old and tired ... so unlike himself . 
 his once vibrant smile was lopsided and slack . 
 `` sure . '' 
 he bent down and scooped rass into his arms , then gently lifted him . 
 he weighed less than nothing . 
 `` hi be right there , '' mariah said . 
 mad dog nodded . 
 cradling the old man carefully , he carried him down the stairs . 
 mariah appeared on the porch a minute later , carrying pillows and blankets . 
 she quickly made up a bed of sorts , pulling up a padded stool for rass 's feet . 
 mad dog eased rass onto the swing . 
 `` sit with me , mariah , '' rass said in a wheezing , tired voice . 
 mariah sat beside her father . 
 he leaned against her , and she curled her arms around his frail body . 
 together , they half sat , half lay in the porch swing . 
 it creaked slowly back and forth , filling the quiet night with sound . 
 rass glanced up at mad dog through sad , knowing eyes . 
 that look hit mad dog hard , stealing his ability to breathe for a second . 
 he 'd seen that look before , in his mother 's eyes , just moments before she died . 
 `` get jake ... '' mad dog swallowed hard . 
 sadness clogged in a thick lump in his chest . 
 `` sure , '' he rasped . 
 he waited a minute , afraid to leave , then slowly he turned and walked away . 
 he knew where he 'd find jake ; the boy had n't left the barn since rass had been brought home two days ago . 
 he just sat up there in the darkness , rocking silently back and forth . 
 mariah watched mad dog walk away . 
 when he disappeared , she tightened her hold on her father . 
 `` i knew you 'd come back to me . 
 i knew . . . '' 
 `` you 're going to have to be strong . '' 
 her father 's breathy voice cut through her sentence . 
 she stiffened . 
 `` you 're not going anywhere - '' he coughed . 
 `` i 'm dying , boo ... '' tears welled in her eyes , moist and hot . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no , rass . 
 no . '' 
 he sighed tiredly and looked at her . 
 in his watery blue eyes was a sadness that made her physically ill . 
 `` you 've got to accept this , mariah . 
 you ca n't hide from it or run away . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i ... i do n't ... w-want you to say these things . 
 please . '' 
 `` i was wrong to shield you for so long , mariah . 
 your mother and i ... we just loved you so much . 
 we could n't stand to see you cry . '' 
 he squeezed his eyes shut . 
 tears squeezed past his lashes and streaked down his gray wrinkled cheeks . 
 `` so we did n't let you cry . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` please do n't be sorry . '' 
 her voice dropped to a pleading whisper . 
 `` please ... '' he opened his eyes and looked at her . 
 in that instant she saw it all : the pain , the sorrow , the regret . 
 she remembered all the times he 'd looked at her , gazed at her with a father 's quiet caring , and her heart broke . 
 he 'd always been there for her , always , even when she 'd been too stupid to reach for him . 
 she could n't imagine a life without him ___ `` i love you , boo . '' 
 it was as close to crying as she 'd ever been . 
 `` i love you , too ... daddy . 
 please do n't leave me . '' 
 he gave her a slow , watery smile . 
 `` you have n't called me that in years . '' 
 `` i should have . '' 
 `` ah , boo , '' he said quietly . 
 slowly he brought his shaking right hand up and touched her face . 
 his palm felt papery and dry against her flushed cheek . 
 `` how does the hurting start ? '' 
 she shook her head , unable to answer . 
 they stared at each other for a long , long time . 
 the muted sounds of the night faded away , leaving only the mingled duet of their strained breathing and the regular creak of the porch swing . 
 moonlight spilled across the farm and twined through the dead wisteria vines in shades of pearl and blue . 
 mariah had the sudden , sickening thought that her daddy would n't be here when the wisteria blossomed . 
 the crunching thud of footsteps serrated the silence and pulled mariah from her thoughts . 
 she looked up and saw jake and mad dog standing on the bottom step . 
 `` rass . '' 
 jake 's voice was an awed whisper . 
 rass smiled sadly . 
 `` jake . '' 
 then he glanced down at mad dog . 
 `` will you carry me back upstairs ? 
 i 'm feeling tired again . 
 jake , come with me . '' 
 mad dog climbed the porch steps slowly and drew rass into his arms , then carried him back to bed . 
 wordlessly , trying to be brave , mariah and jake followed them to the bedroom . 
 `` jake , come , '' rass said , waving his right hand tiredly . 
 he turned to mariah and mad dog . 
 `` give us a moment . '' 
 mariah gave her father a pleading look . 
 / have more to say . 
 what if we do n't have any more time?l `` we do , '' he said , reading her mind . 
 `` now , go . '' 
 rass settled into the comforting mound of pillows with a relieved sigh . 
 it took a monumental effort to appear strong . 
 his whole body ached , his mouth was ash-dry , even breathing hurt . 
 and the paralyzed left side of his body was like a steady , dragging weight downward . 
 he closed his eyes , resting for a moment . 
 he might have dozed ; he was n't sure . 
 tiredly he forced his eyes open , and found jake standing at his bedside , staring down at him through moist , red-rimmed eyes . 
 `` hi , rass . '' 
 `` jake . '' 
 rass said the boy 's name quietly , with love . 
 `` i wanted to say good-bye . '' 
 tears welled in jake 's eyes , shimmering . 
 one by one , they fell past his lashes and streaked down his face . 
 `` i do n't want you to go . '' 
 rass 's heart gave a hard squeeze . 
 tears filled his eyes and slid down his temples in warm , wet streaks . 
 `` we do n't have long , jake . 
 i 'm really tired . '' 
 he waved him over . 
 `` come closer . '' 
 jake kneeled beside the bed and peered eye-level at rass . 
 `` he 's your dad , is n't he ? '' 
 jake gave him a sad , trembling smile . 
 `` i should have known i could n't hide it from you . '' 
 there were so many things rass wanted to say , but he had no strength , and his will to live was beginning to wane . 
 `` tell him the truth , jake . 
 it 's your only hope . '' 
 `` i 'm afraid to . '' 
 pain twisted rass 's insides . 
 he winced , tried to keep talking . 
 `` i let mariah use that as an excuse . 
 i wo n't let you . 
 tell your dad the truth or ... or i 'll haunt you for life . '' 
 jake tried valiantly to smile . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` promise ? '' 
 `` i promise . '' 
 slowly , with great effort , rass reached up and touched jake 's cheeks . 
 `` i love you , son . '' 
 jake started crying in earnest . 
 silvery tears ran in rivulets down his pale cheeks . 
 he bowed his head , pressing his forehead into the soft pile of blankets beside rass . 
 `` i love you , too , rass . '' 
 rass started to say something else , but before he got the words out , he forgot what he wanted to say . 
 the pain in his heart came pounding back , thundering in his ears . 
 streaks of hot agony shot down his left arm and lodged , burning , in his wrist and fingers . 
 `` get mariah , '' he gasped . 
 rass sank into the bed , deeper , deeper . 
 a strange feeling stole through his body , tingling like a thousand hot needles beneath his skin . 
 he felt light-headed and weighted down at the same time . 
 the blood pounded through his veins in an audible , throbbing rhythm . 
 his gaze took in the bedroom in a heartbeat ; he saw it all , saw it and cataloged it in his mind . 
 this had been his room for so long . 
 ... his eyes fluttered shut ; it took such an effort to keep them open . 
 a memory flashed through his mind , bringing the moist heat of tears . 
 he remembered the day , almost twenty-five years ago , when he 'd brought his bride here from new york . 
 this room , this bed , had been their sanctuary and their playground . 
 tears pulsed past his closed eyes and slid down his face . 
 he felt his body weaken . 
 it felt as if he were sinking slowly , inexorably , into the bed , disappearing . 
 he tried to reach for mariah . 
 she had to be beside him , had to be calling out his name , but he could n't hear her . 
 his head was filled with a low , buzzing hum that obliterated everything , even the thudding beat of his heart . 
 he could n't lift his good hand ; it felt incredibly heavy . 
 he opened his mouth , tried to say her name , but his throat was so dry , he could n't make a sound . 
 his tongue felt thick and useless and dead . 
 gradually he became aware of a dull , amber glow . 
 he frowned . 
 the golden light increased slowly , matching the erratic beating of his heart , spilled from the window and crept across the shadowy floorboards . 
 rass realized with a start that his eyes were closed . 
 he tried to open them , but could n't . 
 a shape appeared at the end of his bed . 
 at first it was dark , no more than a shadow ringed in impossible light . 
 but slowly the shadow melted and features came forth . 
 `` greta . '' 
 the name slipped past his lips in a sigh . 
 she smiled . 
 hello , love . 
 he smiled , and the moment he did it , he knew it was a real smile , not a one-sided , half-paralyzed shifting of lips . 
 `` you 're here ___ '' you knew i 'd wait for you . 
 she reached out her hands . 
 come on , love . 
 it 's time ... . 
 rass looked down , and though his eyes were still closed , he saw the glow emanating from his own body . 
 the light behind greta intensified , turned from a molten gold to a shimmering white . 
 heat caressed his cheeks and made him feel strong again . 
 the pain of old age slipped away . 
 effortlessly he sat up , his hands outstretched . 
 `` greta ... '' `` no ! 
 daddy , do n't leave me . '' 
 mariah 's throaty voice broke through the haze in rass 's mind . 
 uncertainty stabbed through him . 
 he stopped , sank unsteadily back into bed . 
 `` boo ? '' 
 he whispered tiredly . 
 something warm and strong curled around his hand , squeezing gently . 
 `` i 'm here , daddy . 
 do n't go . '' 
 greta held out her arms , a sad smile on her face . 
 it 's time , love . 
 with great effort , rass opened his eyes . 
 mariah was standing beside the bed , holding his hand . 
 her eyes were teary , red-rimmed pools of agony against the ashen pallor of her cheeks . 
 `` mama 's here , '' he said softly . 
 `` oh , daddy ... '' `` we love you , boo . '' 
 tears filled her eyes but did n't fall , and somehow that hurt rass more than anything he could imagine . 
 `` let yourself cry ... '' she 'll be okay . 
 rass felt , rather than heard , greta 's words , and they filled him with a quiet , steady peace . 
 the hot white light moved toward him , filled his body with shimmering , joyous heat . 
 he felt his eyes flutter shut , felt his breath exhale one last time . 
 then suddenly he was in a different place , enfolded in the arms of the only woman he 'd ever loved . 
 chapter twenty-two winter came to the funeral . 
 in the gray , soulless sky , the sun was a dull golden globe without power or heat . 
 snow lay heaped on the feike line and bare tree limbs , encasing everything in an icy layer of translucent white . 
 a freezing wind lashed down from snow-covered hills and barreled across the plain in a howling , mournful dirge . 
 mariah moved stiffly forward , her chin tilted , her eyes painfully dry . 
 every crunching footstep was a brutal , heart-wrenching reminder of where she was going today , what she was doing . 
 she held up the back end of the pine casket . 
 the hastily skinned wood abraded her skin , poked into the soft flesh of her palm . 
 dully she realized that she should have worn gloves . 
 ahead , jake and mad dog moved with the same stiff-backed reluctance , their heads bowed , their breath coming in great pluming streaks . 
 mad dog held the right side of the casket ; jake , the left . 
 together , step by halting , heavy step , they made their way across the silent , fallow farm , and up the hill to the knoll where greta and thomas lay . 
 wind whipped through the stark , bare branches of the oak tree , rattling the limbs . 
 the iron settee creaked and moaned at the force of it . 
 `` okay , '' mad dog said quietly . 
 `` let 's put it down . '' 
 the three of them bent and set the casket on the frozen , snow-covered ground . 
 it hit with a muffled thud that echoed forever in the crisp silence . 
 mariah straightened . 
 the first thing she saw was the hole mad dog and jake had dug last night . 
 pain shot through her , hit her so hard , she staggered . 
 she tried to push the obvious thoughts from her mind , but she was n't strong enough . 
 she did n't want her daddy going in there . 
 ... it was so cold and dark and ... final . 
 she jerked away from the box , from the hole , and stood apart from everything , stiff and alone . 
 cold air buffeted her face , whipped thin strands of hair across her unprotected cheeks . 
 she did n't pull the furred collar of her gossamer coat around her throat ; she did n't care . 
 it felt as if she were being slowly , cruelly twisted in half . 
 every breath hurt , her eyes burned with the need to cry , but still she could n't . 
 just like before , like always , the tears were locked in her chest in a throbbing , scalding ache . 
 she wrapped her arms around herself , trying to find some impossible warmth . 
 `` mariah ? '' 
 with great effort , she lifted her head . 
 and found mad dog standing in front of her . 
 `` mad dog . '' 
 his name slipped out in a whisper of longing . 
 with some distant part of her mind , she thought how easy it would be to go to him right now , to wrap her arms around him and let him comfort her . 
 but the effort was too much for her . 
 she felt icy cold inside , as dead as her father . 
 as if there were nothing beneath her skin but broken glass , nothing in her heart at all . 
 she no longer wanted anything to do with mad dog , or jake , or anyone . 
 she just wanted to be left alone with the memories of her father , left alone with the hammering grief that kept her wide-eyed all night and half-asleep all day . 
 she did n't want to talk to anyone , or say anything , or hear anything . 
 she wanted to die . 
 `` mariah ? '' 
 he said again . 
 she stared at him , feeling nothing . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` do you want to say a few words ? '' 
 he gave her a look of such gentle concern , it almost broke through her apathy . 
 he reached for her . 
 she let him touch her cheek , felt the warmth of his touch . 
 but it meant nothing . 
 `` yes , '' she said , hearing the lifeless tone of her own voice . 
 `` i 'll say a few words . '' 
 she moved past mad dog , feeling his gaze on her . 
 he was worried , she knew . 
 once that might have meant something , and she knew it should still . 
 but it did n't . 
 standing beneath the skeletal winter remains of the oak tree , she stared dully at the gaping hole . 
 at the sight of it , stark and terrifying against the snow white ground , she shuddered and closed her eyes . 
 `` rass . . . '' 
 she paused , bowed her head . 
 a headache throbbed behind her aching eyes . 
 `` rass would have said , ` do n't cry for me . 
 i 'm not here . ' '' 
 great , wrenching pain coiled around her heart . 
 she brought her head up , stared at the farm he 'd loved so dearly . 
 `` he believed that death was a gateway to another , better world . 
 i hope he 's right . 
 he . . . '' 
 her voice cracked . 
 `` he deserves it . '' 
 she kneeled on the cold ground and placed her icy hand on the splintery wood of his casket . 
 misery pulled her shoulders , dragged her head downward . 
 it felt as if she were being slowly crushed by a wall of cold , unforgiving stone . 
 breathing became almost impossible . 
 she stared at the planks of hammered pine through gritty , too dry eyes . 
 `` good-bye , daddy . 
 i love you . '' 
 she squeezed her eyes shut for a long , pain-drenched moment , then slowly she opened them and pushed to her feet . 
 mad dog and jake were looking at her . 
 in their eyes , she saw the offer of refuge , the promise of comfort . 
 and she knew that in that moment , they could come together , the three of them , and get through this grief with one another 's help . 
 she did n't care . 
 she was too tired to try , too spiritually broken to even long for the comfort of a family anymore . 
 mad dog and jake would be leaving soon ; she knew that . 
 rass was the glue that held them together . 
 without him , they were three strangers . 
 she had already begun to think of her nights with mad dog as fantasy , a fairy tale without substance or truth . 
 she looked at him and jake , standing so closely together , banded in the similarity of their grief . 
 they almost looked alike . 
 mariah felt achingly alone , separate . 
 she wished she had the strength , or the courage to go stand with them . 
 but she could n't . 
 tiredly she picked up her skirts and headed away from the grassy knoll . 
 they did n't even try to stop her . 
 in the long days and even longer nights that followed rass 's death , the house slid into a bleak gully of despair . 
 dust piled up on the furniture , coated the win-dowsills . 
 the kitchen sat in waiting silence , a cold and empty reminder that the heart of the farm had gone away . 
 no laughter floated through the air , no conversation rang out at mealtimes . 
 there were no mealtimes . 
 there was no conversation . 
 there were only memories , dark , aching memories that seemed to be everywhere . 
 mad dog could n't stand it anymore . 
 he 'd tried to give mariah time , tried to give her the space she needed to grieve . 
 but she was n't grieving ; she was dying . 
 slowly , day by day , inch by pitiful inch . 
 he could n't watch it anymore . 
 he had to either do something for her or leave . 
 that was the problem . 
 he did n't know what to do and he did n't want to leave . 
 he stared down at the stew bubbling in the pot in front of him . 
 absently he stirred it . 
 the rich aroma floated upward , streamed past his nostrils and scented the room . 
 the front door creaked open , then banged shut . 
 footsteps shuffled through the foyer and came into the kitchen . 
 mad dog turned expectantly . 
 jake sauntered into the room , his hands shoved deep in his pockets , his head hung . 
 at the threshold , he stumbled to a stop and jerked his head up . 
 `` you 're cooking ? '' 
 mad dog shrugged . 
 `` someone had to . 
 i was losing weight . '' 
 jake cocked his head back toward the front door , a worried look on his face . 
 `` so 's she . '' 
 mad dog set the wooden spoon aside . 
 running a hand through his hair , he went to the table and yanked out a chair . 
 the wooden legs screeched along the planked floor . 
 he sat down and stretched his legs out . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 she looks like a goddamn scarecrow . '' 
 jake pulled out a chair opposite mad dog and sat down . 
 `` she talk to you at all ? '' 
 mad dog shook his head . 
 a tired sigh slipped from his mouth . 
 `` i do n't know what to do , jake . 
 she 's ... wasting away . '' 
 `` i know . 
 yesterday i gave her a geranium-it was the only one that made it through the snow . 
 she did n't even take it . 
 just said thanks in that sad voice and looked away . '' 
 `` rowers , huh ? 
 i never thought of that . '' 
 `` well , it used to work for my mama , but she was a different kind of sad . '' 
 mad dog frowned . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 jake swallowed hard . 
 he seemed to find it difficult to speak . 
 `` my mama . . . 
 loved a man who did n't love her back . 
 it made her sad all the time . 
 she cried a lot . '' 
 he looked away , stared at the wall . 
 `` she gave up on him finally , but she never forgot him , and she made sure i did n't either . '' 
 `` did she walk around like a silent ghost , like mariah ? '' 
 `` no , she was more ... emotional . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 most women are . '' 
 mad dog nodded , staring through the doorway to the darkened foyer . 
 he did n't have to move to know where mariah was , , what she was doing . 
 she was sitting in the damn porch swing , her back ramrod-straight , her chin tilted high , staring into space . 
 her eyes were glazed , vacant-looking , her cheeks were sunken and limned in bruising shadows . 
 he let out his breath in a sharp sigh . 
 jesus , she looked like one of the dead herself . 
 the sparkling life in her eyes had gone out , the healthy glow of her skin was gone . 
 mad dog found , to his surprise , that he missed her . 
 not just her body , either . 
 he did n't even think of her in that way now . 
 he missed the very essence of her , the way she cocked her head when she smiled , the way she shivered when he was near , the way she laughed . 
 he missed her laughter most of all . 
 he propped his elbow on the table and cradled his stubbly chin in his hand , shaking his head . 
 `` hell , i 've never stayed in any one place longer than three days . 
 if a person had a problem , i walked away . 
 i do n't know how to help her . '' 
 `` she feels . . . 
 lost , '' jake said quietly , and looked up . 
 `` you ever felt like that ? '' 
 i feel like that right now . 
 the thought surprised mad dog , but he could n't deny the truth of it . 
 without her smile , her warmth , her touch , he felt like a boat adrift on a dead calm sea . 
 going nowhere . 
 `` yeah , '' he said quietly , wetting his lips . 
 `` i 've felt that way a few times . 
 when my mom died , i ... '' he shook his head , trying to find the words to express what he 'd never told another living soul . 
 `` i guess i wanted to die , too . '' 
 tears glazed jake 's eyes , squeezed past the corners . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 silence stretched between them , thick with memories . 
 finally jake managed to find his voice again . 
 `` i do n't think she hates us or anything . 
 she just ... does n't care about anything . '' 
 `` so , how do we make her care ? '' 
 he gave a tired little shrug . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 mad dog looked at him across the table . 
 `` how did you get yourself out of it when your mom died ? '' 
 something that looked like pain darkened jake 's watery eyes . 
 he looked at mad dog steadily , his gaze surprisingly intense . 
 `` i focused on something else ... the one thing that still mattered . 
 my father . 
 i went to find him . '' 
 `` oh ... shit . '' 
 mad dog sagged . 
 `` that wo n't do us any good . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 jake 's voice was subdued , almost disappointed . 
 `` i guess not . '' 
 mad dog chewed on his lower lip and squeezed his eyes shut . 
 jesus , this was so damned important , and he did n't know what to do . 
 slowly he opened his eyes , looked at the boy across the table . 
 `` help me , jake ... '' jake 's head snapped up . 
 he looked up at mad dog through wide , surprised eyes . 
 `` you want my help ? '' 
 `` we 're in this together , kid . ? ' 
 he sighed , shaking his head . 
 `` aw , jesus , i do n't know how to get through to her , how to - '' then it came to him . 
 he slammed a hand down on the table and grinned . 
 `` i 've got it . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you 'll see . '' 
 he shot to his feet . 
 `` you try to get her to eat some of this stew . 
 i 've got to run to town . 
 i 'll be back by nightfall . '' 
 jake stood at the hot stove , carefully ladling stew into a chipped crockery bowl . 
 the bubbling brown mixture blurred before his eyes , turned into a swirling smear of brown chunks and white china . 
 we 're in this together , kid . 
 together . 
 he 'd waited all his life to hear those words . 
 they gave lim a giddy sense of hope he had n't had in years . 
 tomorrow , he thought . 
 i 'll tell him the truth tomorrow . 
 and for once , the words did n't ring false . 
 jake actually believed them . 
 tomorrow he 'd tell his father the truth . 
 smiling , he set down the metal ladle and held the hot bowl in two hands . 
 turning , he left the kitchen and went outside . 
 the first thing he noticed was the steady creak-creak-creak of the porch swing . 
 his good mood fled , pushed aside by the sadness of seeing mariah . 
 beside her , on a small , rickety table , a candle burned , sputtered . 
 its acrid scent filled the tiny porch , and banished the shadows of the night . 
 he stepped onto the porch and quietly shut the door behind him . 
 `` mariah ? 
 i 've brought you something to eat . '' 
 sh did n't move , just kept rocking , staring into the night . 
 creak-creak-creak . 
 he moved closer , peered around the arm of the swing . 
 `` marian ? '' 
 she waved a wan , pale hand . 
 `` i 'm not hungry . '' 
 `` you have to eat something . . . 
 you know , keep your strength up . '' 
 that sounded good , he thought . 
 a grown-up thing to say . 
 she laughed bitterly but said nothing . 
 jake set the bowl down on the top step and moved into her line of vision . 
 crouching down , he stared at her , seeing the network of lines that drew down her mouth , the sadness that glazed her eyes . 
 `` my mama died last year , '' he said softly , resting his palms on his bent knees . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut and sighed tiredly . 
 `` i 'm sorry , jake . '' 
 jake felt a surge of hope . 
 it was the biggest reaction he 'd gotten from her in days . 
 `` you saved my life , '' he said quietly , `` you and rass . '' 
 she looked at him then , and he almost wished she had n't . 
 her eyes were dulled by immeasurable pain , her mouth was a sad , downward curve . 
 he felt like he 'd been punched in the stomach just looking at her . 
 `` please . '' 
 the plea sounded torn from her throat . 
 `` do n't do this to me ... . '' 
 jake did n't know what to do . 
 uncertainty flooded him . 
 he wished mad dog were here to tell him what to say . 
 `` i - '' she turned away from him , stared unblinkingly ahead . 
 `` just go . 
 please . '' 
 confused , jake pushed to his feet . 
 `` you said once that i always had a home here . 
 did you mean it ? '' 
 she waited a long time , then slowly nodded . 
 he stared at her , tried to will her to look at him , but she did n't move , stared past him into the falling night . 
 `` i ... i love you , mariah , '' he said quietly . 
 she winced , then stiffened . 
 a tear beaded in the corner of her eye , caught the candlelight like a diamond , but did n't fall . 
 it was the only indication that she 'd heard him . 
 mariah was still sitting on the swing when mad dog returned from town . 
 he ran across the shadowy yard and bounded up the sagging wooden steps . 
 the whole porch rattled and shook at the suddenness of his arrival . 
 he walked the length of the porch and stopped directly in front of her . 
 grinning , he slammed a dark brown bottle on the railing . 
 `` i 'm back . '' 
 mariah did n't even spare him a glance . 
 she just sat there , stiff as a nail , saying nothing . 
 his labored breathing scored the quiet . 
 he sat on the wide porch rail and studied her , his long fingers curled around the bottle beside him . 
 `` enough is enough , mariah . '' ' 
 she pushed slowly to her feet . 
 `` i think i 'll go to my room now . '' 
 stiff-backed , staring at the floor , she started to edge past him . 
 he brought his foot up , slammed a cowboy boot down on the left side of the porch swing . 
 the chain-links clattered together ; the slatted seat tilted sideways . 
 she was trapped between his leg and the porch , rail . 
 there was no exit except past him-and he had no intention of letting her go . 
 she lurched to a stop , staring down at his dusty boot as if it were a two-headed snake . 
 in the flickering , uncertain light of the candle , her profile was waxen and hard . 
 `` please move your foot . '' 
 slowly he brought the other foot up , crossed it over the first . 
 `` no . '' 
 she turned , fixing dull brown eyes on his face . 
 `` i do n't feel like talking now . . . 
 yet . 
 so if you do n't mind . . . '' 
 a wave of empathy moved through him at the sight of her pale , ashen face . 
 she looked young and achingly vulnerable ; a woman in need of a friend . 
 for the first time in his life , he wanted to be a friend to someone . 
 not a drinking buddy or a casual acquaintance , but an honest-to-god friend . 
 he 'd never seen anyone who needed one more . 
 but first he had to get through to her , break past her wall of pain . 
 `` but i do mind , '' he said , infusing a dark steel into his voice . 
 `` i 'm sick of your little-girl theatrics and your poor-me whining . '' 
 she gasped , and if possible , her skin paled another shade . 
 she brought a trembling hand to her midsection and pressed hard . 
 `` i lost my father last week . '' 
 `` that 's life . 
 it 's no excuse for acting like a child . '' 
 he paused for effect , then said the meanest thing he could think of . 
 `` your father would be disappointed in you right now . '' 
 she made a horrible , gasping sound of grief . 
 `` why are you doing this to me ? '' 
 he drew back , tried to will her to look at him , but she did n't . 
 she just stared down at his crossed legs as if it took too much energy to lift her head . 
 `` it needs doing , '' he answered softly . 
 she stiffened . 
 `` you have no idea what i need . 
 now , move your feet and let me pass . 
 i 'm tired and i want to go to bed . '' 
 `` but you do n't sleep , do you ? 
 i 've seen you , sitting out on this damn swing for hours at night . '' 
 `` that 's my business , '' she said , but there was no sting in her voice , only a quiet sadness . 
 `` i 'm making it my business . '' 
 `` you ca n't do that . '' 
 `` watch me . '' 
 she sighed and shoved a hand through the tangled mass of her unbound hair . 
 `` what do you want from me , mad dog ? '' 
 `` i want your smile back . 
 i miss it . '' 
 his voice lowered , thickened with emotion . 
 `` i miss you . '' 
 her eyes squeezed shut . 
 she bowed her head . 
 a curtain of snarled brown hair fell across her face . 
 `` oh , mad dog . . . '' 
 he reached out , touched her cold chin with his forefinger . 
 gently he forced her to look at him . 
 their eyes met , held . 
 `` matt , '' he said quietly . 
 she blinked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` my name is matthew jedediah stone . 
 my mother used to call me matt . '' 
 he smiled , surprised by the admission . 
 `` i have n't told anyone that in years . '' 
 `` why tell me ? '' 
 he paused , feeling a surprising sadness . 
 `` it 's all i have to give you . '' 
 she shuddered , hugged herself , and looked away . 
 `` i do n't want anything from you . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . '' 
 she looked pointedly at the front door . 
 `` well ... matt , i appreciate your honesty , but - '' `` last week you would have cared , '' he said quietly . 
 `` yes , well ... then you should have told me last week . 
 this week i do n't care about much of anything . 
 now , if you 'll excuse me ... '' `` i have the cure for apathy . '' 
 her dull glance flicked at him . 
 `` i doubt it . '' 
 he picked up the tequila bottle . 
 `` hair of the dog , '' he said , grinning . 
 she gave a disbelieving snort . 
 `` you expect me to get drunk as a way of dealing with my grief ? '' 
 `` it always works for me . '' 
 she almost smiled , but it was a bitter , humorless curving of the lips and no more . 
 `` it wo n't work for me . 
 it 's stupid and pointless . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 she turned to him , her eyes as cold as a north wind on his face . 
 `` so let me understand your plan here . 
 i ... no , we ... get drunk , and when i wake up - feeling horrible and sick-my father wo n't be dead ? '' 
 mad dog 's smile faded . 
 he stared deeply into her eyes , hoping-praying-she could see the comfort he offered . 
 `` he 'll still be dead , marian ; it 'll still hurt like hell . 
 but maybe it wo n't hurt as bad . 
 maybe a good cry - '' her eyes widened . 
 `` alcohol can make you cry ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 a small , tight frown pulled her features . 
 he could tell she was thinking about it , really considering it . 
 come on , mariah . 
 take a chance . 
 take a - `` well , '' she said slowly , `` maybe just one drink . '' 
 she looked at him . 
 `` if you promise it 'll make me cry . '' 
 mad dog felt like whooping for joy . 
 it was a start . 
 and no one drank just one shot of tequila . 
 chapter twenty-three mariah could n't believe she 'd said yes to tequila . 
 in the past week she 'd said no to food , to sleep , to talking , to everything . 
 and now she 'd said yes to tequila . 
 it was the possibility of crying that had trapped her . 
 she bowed her head , stared through burning , gritty eyes at the shadowy earth . 
 she wanted to cry so badly , it physically hurt . 
 she 'd tried time and again to let go of the grief locked inside her heart . 
 but she could n't do it . 
 the tears were a solid block of ice pressing against her lungs , riveted in place by years of rigid , desperate self-control . 
 she cast a surreptitious glance at mad dog . 
 matt , she reminded herself . 
 he was walking beside her wordlessly , leading her to some secret destination in the center of the farm . 
 he 'd tried to hold her hand , but she did n't let him . 
 she did n't want to get that close to him again , did n't want to let him comfort her . 
 she just wanted to go to some dark , secret place , drink a little tequila , and cry . 
 she could n't afford to let herself care about mad dog again . 
 it did n't matter what he told her , how many pretty words he murmured , the truth was constant . 
 soon ic 'd leave , and she 'd be alone . 
 not so long ago , that jad n't mattered . 
 or at least she 'd told herself it did n't natter . 
 but then she 'd had rass . 
 she was n't alone . 
 now , when he left , she 'd be desperately alone , and she did n't want to send him off with any more of her heart than he already had . 
 he stopped suddenly and opened the bottle . 
 `` this is i good spot . '' 
 mariah looked around . 
 they were in the middle of -lrb- he west pasture . 
 most of the snow had melted since yesterday , but the ground was hard and frozen . 
 black-shadowed earth rolled away from them on all sides , melting into the star-spangled , purple sky . 
 down to the bft , the river was a gurgling ribbon of sterling silver , its surface illuminated by shifting strands of moonlight . 
 up to the right , she saw the barest outline of the old oak tee and a glimmering hint of ironwork . 
 she looked quickly away . 
 mad dog touched her . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 you 'll be fine . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` that 's it ... we just sit here and get drunk ? '' 
 `` you could stand . '' 
 mariah reached out . 
 `` give me the bottle . '' 
 he handed it to her . 
 the brown glass caught a glimmer of moonlight ; the liquid inside swirled like gold . 
 tie sharp odor of alcohol assaulted her senses . 
 she wrinkled her nose in distaste . 
 `` it smells bad . '' 
 `` tastes worse . '' 
 mad dog plopped to a cross-legged sit in the spike-sharp grass . 
 then he patted the ground beside him . 
 ` come on , sit down . '' 
 slowly , stiffly , she knelt beside him . 
 staring down at the bottle , she tried to tell herself she was doing the right thing . 
 `` second thoughts ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 `` no '' she tilted the bottle and brought it to her mouth . ' 
 the thick glass felt cold and foreign against her lips . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut and took a huge , dribbling gulp . 
 tears sprang to her eyes . 
 fire burned down her throat and puddled , pulsing , in her stomach . 
 she yanked the bottle from her mouth and wiped her sleeve across her lips . 
 `` oh ... my . 
 - - god . '' 
 mad dog grinned at her . 
 `` i told you you 'd cry . 
 he reached out and took the bottle from her . 
 taking a big drink , he handed it back . 
 she frowned at him . 
 `` another one ? '' 
 `` at least . '' 
 `` maybe i should wait ----- '' `` it 's not gon na digest , darlin ' . 
 take another drink . ' 
 grimacing , she took the bottle and wiped the mouth of it with her sleeve . 
 he laughed . 
 `` whatcha doin ' that for ? 
 you know where my mouth has been . '' 
 mariah ignored him and took another burning drink . 
 mad dog leaned back on his elbows and crossed his legs at the ankles , staring up at the endless , star-bright sky they sat that way for an eternity , with him sprawled casually in the grass , her kneeling primly alongside him . 
 the tequila passed back and forth , back and forth , until mariah started actually liking the taste . 
 it was like swallowing a starburst , and after each sip , she felt warmer . 
 the tension that had coiled around her spine for days melted into more manageable proportions . 
 `` come here , '' mad dog said after a while , patting the ground . 
 mariah took another drink . 
 `` huh-uh . '' 
 then she handed him the bottle and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand . 
 he took a quick sip and handed it back . 
 she frowned heavily . 
 for a second-just a second - the bottle went out of focus . 
 he wiggled it . 
 the liquid sloshed against the glass . 
 she reached out with both hands , curling her fingers around the slim , cold neck . 
 `` gotcha . '' 
 was that her voice ? 
 it sounded ... slurred . 
 `` you got me , '' he said quietly . 
 her head snapped up . 
 she stared at him through watery , burning eyes . 
 he swam in and out of focus for a moment . 
 she narrowed her eyes , concentrating . 
 gradually she could make him out . 
 he lay in the shadowy grass , propped up on his elbows . 
 moonlight tangled in his too long hair , creating a halo of fire around his tanned , smiling face . 
 her heart gave a tiny lurch . 
 god , he was handsome . 
 she 'd almost forgotten . . . . 
 but she wanted to forget . 
 did n't she ? 
 `` i do n't want you , '' she said primly , and took another sip . 
 he laughed , and in the quiet darkness it was a rich , rumbling sound that curled around her heart . 
 `` yes , you do . '' 
 for some absurd reason , her fingers started trem bling . 
 she slammed down the bottle into the cold , hard ground . 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 he sat up . 
 mariah felt his gaze on her , sliding down her exposed throat like a finger of fire . 
 she shivered and tried to ignore the feeling . 
 slowly he got to his feet . 
 she was acutely aware of his movements , the crick of his knees , the crunch of his heels in the frozen grass , the accelerated tenor of his breathing . 
 he took a step closer to her and stopped . 
 his hand appeared before her in the darkness . 
 `` come on . '' 
 she blinked up at him . 
 `` where are we goin ' ? '' 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 she reached for the tequila and started to take a drink . 
 he grabbed her hand . 
 `` i think you 've had enough . '' 
 she bristled . 
 `` you think i 've had enough ? 
 who cares ? '' 
 a defiant half smile pulled at her lips as she took one last drink . 
 `` come on . '' 
 she ignored his hand and set the tequila down . 
 the bottle fell with a thump and released the sharp scent of liquor . 
 she giggled and tried to right it . 
 `` come on , mariah . '' 
 `` oh , all right . '' 
 she placed her hands in the grass and pushed awkwardly to her feet . 
 the moment she stood , a tidal wave of dizziness swept through her , turned her legs into warm pudding . 
 she staggered sideways , arms flailing , then crumpled to the ground . 
 she giggled again . 
 `` i ca n't stand up . '' 
 laughing softly , mad dog swept her into his arms . 
 the sudden movement surprised her . 
 instinctively she wrapped her tingling arms around his neck and hung on . 
 he turned and started walking . 
 mariah let out a deep breath . 
 she had to admit , she felt pretty darn good . 
 she tucked her face into the crook of his neck and closed her eyes . 
 the steady movement of his body lulled her , relaxed her . 
 she found herself drifting , drifting , not thinking about anything . 
 `` we 're here . '' 
 mad dog stopped . 
 mariah lifted her head , blinked heavily , trying to see in the darkness around her . 
 a nak * d , shivering limb caught her eye . 
 she gasped , brought a hand to her mouth . 
 no , she thought drunkenly , he would n't have brought her here . 
 not here ... his arms loosened . 
 she slid down the long , hard length of him . 
 her feet hit the ground with a quiet thump , her knees immediately gave way , and she sank unsteadily onto the grass . 
 everything about this place was painfully familiar . 
 she did n't need to see it in the full light of day to recognize her surroundings . 
 the sharp tip of betrayal stung through her . 
 `` why would you bring me here ? '' 
 he kneeled beside her , slipping his hand through hers . 
 their fingers curled together , formed a warm , tight-knit ball of flesh . 
 `` you need to say good-bye , mariah . '' 
 she turned to him . 
 `` i said good-bye at the damn funeral . '' 
 `` you need to mean it . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i 'm right here with you . '' 
 `` you think that makes a difference ? '' 
 she laughed ; it was a sharp , almost hysterical sound . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 his answer was so quiet , so genuine , that mariah almost believed him . 
 for a moment , a giddy , suspended moment , she wondered what if . 
 `` talk to him , mariah , '' mad dog urged , squeezing her hand . 
 `` say the things you left unsaid . '' 
 she swallowed hard and reluctantly turned back to the mound of jet black dirt against the shadowy grass . 
 a headstone glimmered in the moonlight , its words emblazoned in her mind . 
 here lies the body of erasmus throckmorton . 
 husband , father , hero . 
 she had n't known what to say about him . 
 what did you say about a man who 'd walked this earth for seventy-four years and never harmed a soul ? 
 a man who believed in god , and miracles , and second chances . 
 what did you say about your father when he was gone ? 
 so many years , so many memories ... so little space on a cold slab of granite . 
 `` he loved you , mariah . '' 
 her head felt suddenly heavy . 
 she nodded . 
 `` he was my life , '' she said quietly . 
 `` he would n't want you to give up living for him . '' 
 a small , bittersweet smile pulled at her lips , then slid , quivering into a frown . 
 `` how did you get to know him so well ? '' 
 `` he was an easy man to know . '' 
 this time her watery smile stayed a heartbeat ion before melting downward . 
 `` yes , he was . '' 
 `` talk to him , '' he said again . 
 `` say good-bye . '' 
 `` that 's dumb . '' 
 `` so what , you 're drunk . '' 
 she almost laughed . 
 then , slowly , she lifted her heavy head and stared at the blank rectangle where no grass yet grew . 
 just looking at it made her feel sick and queasy . 
 her hands started to shake , her mouth curved downward . 
 but she wanted to say good-bye to him , ached to do it . 
 she wanted to say all the things she 'd meant to say to him when he was alive , but somehow never had . 
 `` i feel stupid , '' she said . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 she licked her lips , and tried to look away , tried to ignore mad dog 's seductive words . 
 but her gaze kept coming back to rass 's cold , dark grave . 
 sweet god , she missed him . 
 there were so many things she wanted to say to him , so many things she should have already said . 
 daddy ... i 'm so sorry about the way i shut you out of my life . 
 i thought ... 7 do n't know what i thought . 
 i guess i believed we had forever . 
 the formless , desperate words swirled through her head , brought back a million painful memories . 
 tears seared her eyes , turned the grave into a wavering smear . 
 a lump of emotion swelled in her throat . 
 / wish i 'd told you how much i loved you . 
 ... and not just when you were dying . 
 i should have told you a long time ago ... after stephen and thomas . 
 after mama . 
 mama . 
 the word cut through her like a knife , bringing a steel-sharp stab of pain . 
 a single tear slid down her cheek and splashed on the hand curled in her lap . 
 oh , god , i miss you both so much ... she made a choking , gasping sound and started to cry . 
 `` oh , god . . . '' 
 mad dog curled his arms around her , held her tightly . 
 her body spasmed . 
 hot tears ran in rivulets down her cheeks and dampened his ' shirt . 
 the salty , poignant smell of them filled her senses and made her cry even harder . 
 he stroked her tangled hair and the moist sides of her face . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 he murmured the soothing words over and over again , calming her . 
 `` i miss them so much , matt . '' 
 she cried and cried and cried , until her throat was parched and dry and a headache pounded behind her eyes . 
 she cried for her parents , for her lost youth , for her baby . 
 for all the things she 'd never cried for before . 
 she smelled lavender . 
 gasping , she jerked her head up . 
 overhead , the stars seemed to be shifting , merging into a huge , white-hot ball in the center of the sky . 
 `` the stars are moving , '' she said , sniffling hard and wiping her eyes . 
 `` hallucinations . 
 it 's the second stage of tequila . '' 
 mad dog dabbed the moisture from her cheek . 
 `` it 'll go away . '' 
 she closed her eyes and then slowly opened them . 
 and saw her mother and father standing behind the iron settee . 
 she gasped . 
 `` mama ... daddy . . . '' 
 we love you , mariah . 
 mariah heard the words , felt them , as clearly as if they 'd been spoken aloud . 
 her parents said nothing else , but in that instant , that heartbeat , mariah felt their warm , unconditional love . 
 it seeped through her , filling the dark , lonely spots in her soul . 
 she knew then , without question , that they understood . 
 that they 'd always understood . 
 and they loved her . 
 jesus , they loved her . 
 with all her faults and mistakes and stupid silences , they loved her . 
 she looked up at them . 
 `` thomas ? '' 
 she whispered his name quietly , hopefully . 
 her mother smiled . 
 his soul was reborn . 
 new tears burned across mariah 's eyes , but this time they were happy , loving tears . 
 for the first time in her life , she felt filled with hope and light . 
 she brought a hand to her face and swiped the tears away . 
 and when she pulled her arm away , her parents were gone . 
 she felt a moment 's sadness at their passing , but it lasted no longer than that . 
 she smiled at mad dog , blinking through the tears . 
 `` did you see them ? '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` see who ? '' 
 she pushed the hair out of her eyes . 
 `` i guess not , '' she said , laughing easily . 
 mad dog eyed her steadily . 
 `` feel better ? '' 
 `` oh , god , you have no idea ... . '' 
 `` who 's thomas ? '' 
 almost involuntarily , she glanced back at the small , grown-over patch near her mama 's grave . 
 for the first time in years , she looked at it without feeling a crushing , smothering sense of guilt . 
 `` he was my son . '' 
 mad dog made a soft sound of surprise . 
 `` your son ? '' 
 she turned to him , looked into his eyes . 
 `` remember my two-minutes loss of virginity ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` i got pregnant . '' 
 `` oh , mariah . '' 
 he touched her cheek , a feather-stroke touch of compassion that made her shiver . 
 `` i wrote to stephen when i found out-his acting troupe was in spokane by then . 
 he said he 'd meet me in walla walla and marry me . '' 
 surprisingly , she felt no bitterness about stephen now ; only a thread of sadness at her own naivete . 
 `` i should n't have believed him , but i did-i was only . 
 sixteen . 
 of course , he stood me up at the altar . '' 
 `` how ... how did thomas die ? '' 
 she started to cry again , soft , melting tears that slid down her cheeks and splashed on her skirt . 
 `` he never really lived . 
 i had him almost six weeks too early . 
 he was so tiny ... there was nothing doc sherman could do . 
 doc ... said there should n't be any more . '' 
 mad dog touched her cheek . 
 `` should n't . 
 or could n't ? '' 
 mariah tried to smile . 
 `` he said i did n't ` carry ' well and should n't have any more . '' 
 \ `` my mom had four miscarriages before she had me . 
 \ the doctors told her the same thing . 
 and you were sixteen years old . 
 you 're stronger now . '' 
 her breath caught , her eyes rounded . 
 a quivering sense of hope , new and more powerful than anything she 'd ever imagined , spiraled through her . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 i , that 's all she said , just maybe , but the word freed something inside her , made her , for once , believe . 
 `` why is n't there a marker ? '' 
 she glanced back at the small grave , remembering \ the tiny little box that lay beneath the frozen grass . 
 she shook her head , realizing for the first time why she had n't purchased one . 
 `` i could n't say good-bye . '' 
 still staring at the grave , she pushed to her feet and stumbled over to it . 
 awkwardly she sank to her knees and leaned forward , pressing her forehead into the prickly blanket of winter grass . 
 the smell of it combined with the fecund fragrance of the dirt and filled her senses . 
 overhead , the last remaining leaves whickered together ; one fell silently downward and landed on mariah 's hair . 
 `` good-bye , thomas , '' she said throatily , letting the cleansing tears fall . 
 `` i love you , baby . '' 
 she had no idea how long she sat there . 
 it could have been minutes or hours . 
 then , slowly , she straightened . 
 across the row of graves , her eyes met mad dog 's . 
 at the sight of him , sitting there in the darkness , waiting for her , she felt a surge of blistering emotion . 
 `` matt . '' 
 she whispered his name and held out her arms . 
 he was beside her in an instant , picking her up . 
 she snuggled close to him , burying her face in the crook of his neck . 
 `` thank you , '' she murmured , tasting the salty , familiar tang of his skin against her lips . 
 mariah breathed deeply and lolled her head back , staring up at the sky as mad dog walked away from the graves . 
 at the movement , nausea punched her in the stomach . 
 she groaned in surprise and clutched her writhing midsection . 
 the stars blurred , pulsed . 
 `` i do n't feel so good all of a sudden . '' 
 mad dog 's soft laughter enfolded her . 
 `` i 'm not surprised . '' 
 she blinked sleepily , tried to focus . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 he stopped at a door and kicked it open . 
 `` at the bunkhouse . 
 home sweet home . '' 
 his hold on her loosened , and mariah slithered bonelessly to the floor . 
 `` oops . '' 
 she giggled and tried to clamp a hand over her mouth , but she missed and smacked herself in the nose . 
 mad dog grabbed her by the forearm and hauled her to her feet . 
 she leaned against him , clutching her stomach . 
 nausea lurched into her throat and lodged there , throbbing . 
 `` do you want to lay down ? '' 
 his voice seemed to come at her from a million miles away . 
 dully she nodded . 
 the simple action seemed to take forever . 
 he started to maneuver her toward the bed , but at the movement , something in her stomach gave way . 
 without warning , she threw up all over his bed . 
 he stared at the bed . 
 `` aw , shit . '' 
 she was horrified for a second , then she giggled . 
 `` s-sorry . '' 
 he laughed and scooped her into his arms again , carrying her into the house . 
 in the bathing room , he helped her brush her teeth , then hauled her up the stairs and put her in bed . 
 then he started to leave . 
 she held her hands out , blinked sleepily up at him . 
 `` do n't go . 
 i want you ... '' he smiled softly , brushed a lock of hair from her face . 
 `` you need sleep . 
 and besides , you 're drunk as a skunk . '' 
 he gave her a wolfish , sexy grin . 
 `` tomorrow , when you 're sober , we 'll talk . . . . '' 
 `` then just sleep with me . '' 
 mad dog paused . 
 `` just sleep ? '' 
 `` please ... '' `` why not ? '' 
 smiling , he stripped out of his clothes and crawled nak * d in bed beside her , drawing her close . 
 she laid a cheek on his bare chest and smiled peacefully . 
 `` i 'm sorry i threw up on your bed . '' 
 he stroked her hair . 
 `` do n't worry , you 're not the first woman to do so . '' 
 `` you 're not supposed to compare me to other women . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i did n't think it was important to be the first to throw up on someone . '' 
 she snuggled against him , curling her arm possessively around his body . 
 the familiar soap-and-water scent of his skin filled her nostrils . 
 a long , contented sigh escaped her mouth . 
 `` i like tequila ... '' before the words had even left her mouth , she was asleep . 
 chapter twenty-four mariah woke slowly . 
 she had a second of oblivion , then she remembered last night . 
 pain surged through her at the memory . 
 she blinked , feeling the warm , wet streak of a single tear as it fell down her cheek . 
 she knew somehow that she would have many mornings in her life like this , mornings when she woke up and thought of her parents , her son ; the loved ones she had lost . 
 and though the pain was still there , still ached in her heart , for the first time in her life , she knew she could go on . 
 knew someday she could smile again . 
 she pushed to her elbows , staring down at the man beside her . 
 sunlight crept through the window and wreathed him in a halo of wavering gold . 
 he lay on his back , one arm flung over the side of the bed , the other scrunched up protectively against his chest . 
 she loved him . 
 she did n't need her father to tell her how she felt anymore . 
 his smile , his laughter , his gentleness , his honesty . 
 they were all invisible threads that bound her to him like steels bands . 
 she thought about last night , about all that he 'd given her , and she ached to give something back to him . 
 but she had nothing of value , nothing that he needed . 
 what about love ? 
 the thought came to her out of nowhere , stunning her with its simple power . 
 before she could stop it , hope crept into her soul and seized hold , refusing to be rationalized away . 
 maybe beneath that swaggering , smiling exterior , he was as lonely as she , as tired of being alone . 
 maybe he needed her as much as she needed him . 
 maybe , someday , he could even learn to love her . 
 please , god , let him stay . 
 ... tears stung her eyes . 
 she did n't bother to wipe them away . 
 never again would she be afraid to cry . 
 there would be no more hiding for her , no more emotional armor . 
 from how on , she 'd face life head-on and fight for her happiness . 
 she 'd give him everything she had to give , her heart and soul and body , and hope that it was enough . 
 it was all she could do . 
 a pleasant , tingling sensation spread through mad dog 's body . 
 he shifted his weight , tangling in the warm sheets that curled around him . 
 an unfamiliar scent filled his nostrils , teased him to a woozy state of semi-consciousness . 
 he flung one arm sideways , stretching . 
 his arm landed across something warm and solid . 
 flesh , he realized groggily . 
 he was sleeping next to someone . 
 flesh . 
 the realization ripped the last clinging clouds of sleep from his mind . 
 he opened his eyes . 
 mariah lay snuggled against him , her chin poised lightly on his chest , her lips a hairsbreadth from his left nipple . 
 he felt the whisper-soft caress of her breathing against his skin . 
 he almost groaned aloud at the sight of her . 
 heat slid through his body and landed in his groin . 
 she gave him a slow , lazy smile , and pushed a tangled skein of hair from her still sleepy eyes . 
 `` morning , '' she said in a soft , throaty voice that made him think of sex . 
 he blinked , tried to sound casual . 
 `` mornin ' . 
 i guess you 're feeling better ... . '' 
 `` i feel great . '' 
 her gaze melted into his . 
 slowly she pushed the tip of her tongue past her parted lips and licked his nipple . 
 `` and you , '' she drawled , `` taste even better than i feel . '' 
 the warm , wet tip of her tongue scalded him . 
 he shivered in response . 
 arousal hardened his body , saturated his senses . 
 he 'd never had a woman initiate sex before-not even when he paid for their attentions . 
 jesus , it was nice ... . 
 she licked his nipple again , tugged at it with her teeth . 
 another low , gravelly groan escaped him . 
 `` where did you learn that ? '' 
 he said , trying to force laughter into his breathless voice . 
 `` from you . '' 
 her mouth closed around his nipple , teased it into hardness . 
 mad dog sank deeper into the pile of pillows and closed his eyes . 
 who in the hell would have known this felt so good ? 
 no one had ever done this to him before ; he 'd never thought to ask for it . 
 one of the drawbacks of sleeping with whores , he thought lazily . 
 you got what you paid for , and not a goddamn thing more . 
 but it was more than that , and he knew it . 
 he was feeling something that went beyond physical sensation . 
 she was touching his body with her tongue , and he felt it there , but somehow what she was doing went deeper . 
 as if that gentle , moist tongue of hers were flicking his heart as well . 
 she looked up , smiling . 
 their eyes met , and in the bourbon depths , he saw a reflection of his own emotions . 
 the power of the moment hit him hard . 
 his chest tightened , his ability to breathe melted away . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she stared at him through steady , honest eyes . 
 `` i 'm loving you . '' 
 before he could respond , she moved down . 
 the blankets bunched up behind her , peeling away from him until more and more of his nak * d body lay exposed . 
 cool air breezed across his skin . 
 her head slipped under the blankets . 
 `` oh , jesus ... '' the warm tip of her tongue traced the hard line of his pelvic bone , left a searing streak of fire . 
 goose bumps studded his trembling flesh . 
 he squeezed his eyes shut . 
 oh , god ... she trailed moist , openmouthed kisses along his hipbone . 
 her movements were slow and leisurely , tasting , exploring , touching . 
 desire pulsed through him , made him tremble and ache and need . 
 never in his life had he felt this way ... desperate and out of control . 
 he grabbed hold of her shoulders and yanked her up the long , hard length of his body . 
 a tiny mewl of sur prise slipped from her lips . 
 it was the only sound she made before his mouth came down on hers . 
 he kissed her long and hard , with all the pent-up passion of a man who 'd had sex a thousand times but never once in his life made love . 
 he pushed his tongue into her mouth , tasting the exquisite sweetness that was hers alone . 
 she kissed him with abandon . 
 her tongue twined with his , explored the moist cavern of his mouth , traced his teeth . 
 her arms curled around his neck , her br ** sts pressed against his chest . 
 everywhere they touched , there was fire . 
 their skin burned together , fused . 
 mad dog had never wanted a woman more in his life . 
 he wanted her inside him , wanted to feel the very essence of her body melting into his . 
 he fumbled desperately with the tiny buttons of her chemise , trying to force his shaking fingers to function . 
 frustration burst past his lips in a growl . 
 he cursed , wanting to rip the flimsy fabric from her body . 
 she laughed shakily and drew back . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he winced at the breathless-ness of his own voice . 
 `` i 'd rather take it off than have you rip it off , '' she answered in a voice that matched his own . 
 with nimble , practiced fingers , she unbuttoned the lacy chemise and shrugged out of it . 
 the ivory fabric slid down her silky arms , pulled gently away from her small , pink-tipped br ** sts . 
 he moaned at the sight of her . 
 need twisted his in-sides into a hard , throbbing knot . 
 he 'd never really understood the full impact of that word before ; it had always been synonymous with simple desire , but now he saw the truth . 
 there was nothing simple about it . 
 he needed marian , needed her in this moment more than he 'd ever needed anyone in his life . 
 and not just her body-though he wanted her with a desire that bordered on desperation . 
 he needed her smile , her laughter , her ability to care . 
 that part of her that could n't say good-bye to the people she loved . 
 she let her gaze move away from his . 
 slowly , with a seductiveness she could n't possibly understand , she began to untie her drawers . 
 the creamy linen slid down the trim , concave curve of her hip . 
 a shadow of curly brown hair peeked out from the sagging , beribboned waistband . 
 `` jesus , marian , '' he whispered , `` you 're beautiful . '' 
 she eased the undergarments from her body and threw them behind her . 
 the chemise landed half-on , half-off the dresser ; the pants draped across the bedpost like a flag of surrender . 
 `` come here , '' he breathed , his gaze locked on hers . 
 she shook her head . 
 her long hair brushed against her n ** ples , hardening the pink tips . 
 `` but - '' she leaned down , pressed a finger to his lips . 
 `` shhh ... '' slowly , she drew back the heavy coverlet and exposed his nak * d body . 
 he lay there , legs partially spread , hands clenched at his sides , breathing heavily . 
 her hot , pointed gaze studied him , moved leisurely to the hardened shaft of his desire . 
 he could n't move , his body felt weighted down . 
 his breath came in fast , choppy bursts that sounded like cannon-bursts in his ears . 
 he licked his lips and tried to swallow , but he could n't . 
 he lay stiff and unmoving , feeling exposed , vulnerable , out of control . 
 and painfully aroused . 
 she leaned toward him , placed her hands on his chest . 
 sweaty dampness seeped from her flattened palms and scalded his skin . 
 she gave him a slow , enigmatic smile ... and straddled him . 
 he shuddered hard and closed his eyes . 
 gently , feeling her way , she lowered herself onto him , encased him in the tight , velvet sheath of her body . 
 he grabbed her bare buttocks and pulled her toward him . 
 she leaned closer , curling her fingers around the scrolled oak bedrail . 
 her br ** sts wavered before him , taunting him with their perfect , pebbly tips . 
 he pushed up , took one in his mouth . 
 a moan of pleasure slipped from her parted lips , ruffled through his hair . 
 she started to move , slowly at first , as if unsure of what to do , then faster and faster . 
 sweat broke out on his chest . 
 his fingers curled into the warm , solid flesh of her buttocks , squeezing , holding , guiding . 
 her h * ps moved in an artless , instinctive motion that drove him crazy with need . 
 he sucked her n ** ples , first one , then the other , drawing the puckered peaks deep into his searching mouth . 
 above him , she made quiet , gurgling sounds of passion that plunged through him , aroused him even more . 
 their bodies turned hot and slick and melted into each other , until he did n't know where she stopped and he began . 
 they found a thrusting , grinding rhythm of flesh on flesh . 
 he could n't breathe for wanting her . 
 his every sense felt stretched and heightened to painful intensity . 
 a dark emotion tugged at his heart , consumed him . 
 for a heartbeat of time , he felt vulnerable and afraid . 
 she came down on him hard , twisting , thrusting , driving the air from his lungs . 
 he clung to her , sucking one nipple , pulling the other with his fingers . 
 she writhed , moaned , arched . 
 her head flew back in a spray of brown hair . 
 he glanced up at her , saw her curved above him , her eyes sealed shut , her lips parted , her cheeks bright with passion . 
 he tried not to come . 
 for the first time in his life , he cared about making this good for her . 
 as good as it was for him . 
 ah , jesus , how good ... agony twisted his insides at the effort , made him swell and ache and hurt . 
 the urge to release himself inside her , lose ` himself in her hot , wet warmth , was a driving , burning need . 
 he gritted his teeth and held back . 
 her name may have slipped from his lips , he was n't sure . 
 his body shook with the effort of control , sweat burned across his forehead . 
 she thrashed atop him , whimpering , then suddenly she stiffened . 
 `` oh god , oh god ... '' she plunged down on him , grinding herself against his h * ps with moist , desperate abandon . 
 her hands left the bedpost and curled in his hair , clutching his head to her , br ** sts . 
 he squeezed her buttocks and arched upward , driving himself deep into her body . 
 she tensed , cried out . 
 the rhymthic pulsing of her release squeezed him . 
 `` oh , god . . . 
 matt ... '' she moaned . 
 at the sound of his name , he was lost . 
 he grabbed her hard and thrust upward again , arching off the bed . 
 relief exploded through his body , tingled all the way to his fingertips in waves of painful pleasure . 
 he clung to her sweaty body , feeling suspended , dizzy . 
 darkness hovered at the edges of his mind . 
 her ! 
 name slipped from his lips in a sigh as he drifted slowly f back to earth . 
 exhausted , he sank into the mound of pillows and ! 
 pulled her close . 
 she snuggled up to him , slipped her arm around his waist , and buried her face in the crookl of his neck . 
 the harsh scent of sweat and the sweet | smell of passion filled the air . 
 he had a moment 's utter bliss , then reality crashed in . 
 | he frowned , remembering the things he 'd thought about ! 
 her , the way he 'd needed her , and for the first time in his life , he was truly afraid . 
 he 'd never needed anyone in his life ; it was something he made certain of . 
 he | lived without restrictions , without commitments . 
 whenl he wanted to walk , he walked ; when he wanted to stop , | he stopped . 
 no one and nothing told him what to do . 
 that kind of freedom was as necessary to him as ? 
 breathing . 
 he could n't live without it , could n't live in safety behind a white picket fence . 
 could n't grow old on some nothing little apple farm in the middle of nowhere . 
 and yet , a few moments ago , he 'd needed her . 
 not as a physical release , not as a way to pass the time . 
 really needed . 
 for a few heartbreakingly perfect minutes , with him inside her , holding her , he 'd felt ... complete . 
 ah , mariah , he thought , groaning , what are we doing ? 
 what in the hell are we doing ? 
 but he knew . 
 it was n't just great sex . 
 it was love . 
 mariah curled against matt , holding him tightly . 
 he stroked her hair in gentle , sweeping motions but said nothing . 
 she was afraid again . 
 afraid that now , in the bright sunlight of this morning , he 'd get up , get dressed , and leave her . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , feeling the sting of tears . 
 please do n't go , matt . 
 ... she wanted to say the words , ached to say them , but somehow they lodged in her throat . 
 so she said something else instead . 
 `` i ... i read your articles , matt . '' 
 the hand on her hair stilled . 
 his body stiffened . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 she twisted around until she could look up at him . 
 their eyes met , his narrowed suddenly and guarded . 
 `` yes , '' she said quietly . 
 `` i thought they were brilliant . '' 
 a look of incredulity crossed his face . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 she nodded , unable to say anything past the lump in / her throat . 
 she could n't believe that no one had ever told him that before . 
 he needs me , she realized . 
 almost as much as i need him . 
 `` no one 's ever read my work . . . . '' 
 `` i hope you do n't mind - '' `` no . '' 
 he touched her face gently and gazed down at her . 
 `` no . '' 
 a small smile tugged at his mouth , but there was no humor in it , only a bittersweet sadness . 
 `` i always thought that one day i 'd work at a newspaper , but somehow i never stuck in one place long enough to try it out . '' 
 he 's leaving , the two words ripped her heart out , left her weak and bleeding and afraid . 
 she tried to rationalize them away , but she could n't do that , could n't look at life through blinders anymore . 
 he was leaving her . 
 she : , -rsb- knew it was a certainty that left her feeling sick inside ; * `` matt ... '' `` what ? '' 
 she gazed up at him , pouring her heart and soul into a single , steady look . 
 she 'd never been more afraid in her life than she was at this moment . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 he paled . 
 she thought for one terrifying moment , he was going to laugh it off . 
 but he did n't . 
 he just lay there , staring down at her through those sad , honest eyes . 
 his silence pinched her heart . 
 she tried to smile , but could n't . 
 `` mariah . . . '' 
 she pressed a finger to his lips . 
 `` i did n't tell you because i expect an answer . 
 but i ca n't go back to the way i was before , hiding everything i feel . 
 it hurts too much . 
 i love you , matt stone . 
 i 'm proud of that . 
 whether . . . '' 
 her voice cracked . 
 she blinked through a hot blur of tears . 
 `` whether you love me back does n't matter . '' 
 he looked away , stared hard at the glittering golden square of the window . 
 `` it matters . '' 
 she touched his chin , forced him to look at her . 
 in his eyes was a bleakness that closed around her . 
 she stared up at him , feeling the heaviness of the moment like a stone against her heart . 
 she knew she should n't say anything more , should simply snuggle up to him and accept whatever scraps of affection he had , for as long as they were offered . 
 a week ago she might have been able to do that , might have been able to accept less than she was worth . 
 but no more . 
 matt had changed the way she saw herself , the way she saw the world , and there was no going back . 
 she swallowed hard and blinked up at him through her stinging tears . 
 `` stay . '' 
 she said the word quietly , almost on a whisper , but it resonated through the bedroom like a scream . 
 he winced . 
 `` ah , mariah . 
 , . '' 
 she heard the sorrow in his voice , and something that hurt even worse . 
 regret . 
 tears slipped over her cheeks , burrowed into the corners of her mouth . 
 he wiped a tear from the corner of her eye and stared down at her . 
 `` would you come with me if i asked ? '' 
 her heart skipped a beat . 
 a tiny thread of hope slid into her thoughts . 
 `` are you asking ? '' 
 he broke eye contact and stared at the wall behind her . 
 it was a long , breathless moment before he answered softly . 
 `` no , i guess not . '' 
 she squeezed her eyes shut and tried to smile . 
 `` i ca n't leave the farm anyway . 
 rass proved that . '' 
 `` i never meant to hurt you , mariah . '' 
 she slid away from him and sat up , dangling her bare feet over the edge of the bed . 
 `` i guess i 'm not the best match for a drifter . '' 
 behind her , the bed squeaked . 
 his feet hit the floor . 
 `` i wish i knew what to say to you , mariah . '' 
 she straightened her back but did n't turn to him . 
 `` you do know what to say , matt . 
 you just do n't want to say it . '' 
 he stood there a long time . 
 she felt his gaze on her back , moving across her bare skin like a touch of fire . 
 then , slowly , he turned and walked away . 
 when the door closed with a quiet click , mariah sagged forward and started to cry . 
 jake sat at the kitchen table , waiting for mad dog to come into the house . 
 upstairs , the floorboards creaked , a door clicked open . 
 mariah was getting up . 
 uncertainty snipped at jake 's self-confidence . 
 it would be hard enough to do this . 
 he could n't say what he needed to say in front of mariah . 
 maybe he 'd just wait for mad dog outside , by the bunkhouse . 
 yeah , that made more sense . 
 he pushed his chair out and stood up . 
 mad dog came thundering down the steps and barreled into the kitchen . 
 he ran into jake and almost knocked him over . 
 he grabbed jake by the shoulders and steadied him . 
 `` sorry , jake . '' 
 jake stared at his father . 
 he looked ... sad . 
 there was no other word for it . 
 jake frowned up at him . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 mad dog laughed bitterly . 
 `` great . '' 
 then he pushed past jake and headed to the door . 
 `` i got ta go . '' 
 jake reached for him , missed . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 `` ca n't . '' 
 mad dog pushed through the kitchen door and disappeared . 
 indecision rooted jake to the spot for a heartbeat , then he made up his mind . 
 he 'd made a promise to rass , and to himself . 
 today mad dog was going to learn he had a son . 
 jake shoved his chair back into its spot at the table and ran from the house , bounding down the stairs after his father . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 mad dog did n't even slow down . 
 `` damn it . '' 
 jake fisted his hands and sprinted toward the bunkhouse . 
 he grabbed mad dog 's arm and spun him around . 
 `` i said wait . '' 
 mad dog stared down at him through a haze , as if he had n't even heard jake calling to him . 
 `` huh ? 
 look , kid - '' `` jake , '' he shouted . 
 `` my name is jake . '' 
 mad dog rolled his eyes . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 jake steeled himself for rejection and stared up at his father . 
 `` do you know why that 's important ? '' 
 mad dog frowned . 
 `` no , why ? '' 
 he drew a deep breath , then said , `` my legal name is jacob william vanderstay . '' 
 jake knew the moment his words registered . 
 mad dog 's eyes narrowed , his mouth tensed into a thin white line . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 jake nodded . 
 `` laralee was my mother . '' 
 mad dog winced . 
 he took a stumbling step backward , as if to put distance between himself and the words that were coming . 
 `` yeah . 
 so ? '' 
 jake followed him . 
 `` you 're my father . '' 
 `` that 's impossible . '' 
 the words shot from his mouth like deadly arrows . 
 jake felt their sharp tips in his heart . 
 he faltered for a moment , afraid . 
 he 'd never once thought that mad dog might not believe him . 
 he fished through his pocket and pulled out a bent tin locket with a painted violet on its face . 
 he held it out to mad dog . 
 `` she gave me this and said it came from my father . '' 
 mad dog stared at the locket for a long time . 
 then he closed his eyes and rubbed the bridge of his nose . 
 his broad shoulders caved downward , his head bowed . 
 `` oh , jesus . '' 
 jake stared at him . 
 everything inside him , every emotion and hope and fear , twisted into a ball in his stomach . 
 he 'd waited so long for this moment , all his life . 
 he 'd dreamed of it a thousand times , ached for it . 
 `` say something , '' he pleaded . 
 mad dog 's hand fell from his face . 
 he looked at jake through moist eyes . 
 `` i do n't know what to say . 
 i did n't know she was pregnant . '' 
 `` i know that . '' 
 he seemed to search for something to say . 
 `` how is lara ? '' 
 jake swallowed hard . 
 `` she died . '' 
 mad dog squeezed his eyes shut . 
 when he spoke , his voice was raspy and tired . 
 `` why did you track me down ? 
 what do you want from me ? '' 
 jake heard the words , the question , but he did n't answer . 
 there was no point . 
 he saw the truth in his father 's sad , tired eyes . 
 it was the beginning of good-bye . 
 jake had tried to prepare himself for this moment , had told himself a thousand times that it would end this way . 
 but still it hurt , hurt more than he could possibly have imagined . 
 `` i wanted to get to know you . '' 
 mad dog shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't be a goddamn father . '' 
 `` you 're already a father , '' jake answered without looking at him . 
 even to his own ears , his voice sounded old and dull . 
 `` what you mean is , you wo n't be a parent . '' 
 `` i do n't know how . '' 
 jake wanted to say , ached to say , we could learn together . 
 but he did n't . 
 the words stuck in his throat , held in place by a hot lump of tears . 
 resignation pulled his shoulders downward . 
 `` yeah , right . '' 
 mad dog sighed . 
 `` look , jake , this is all coming at me pretty fast . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . '' 
 `` but i know how much it hurts to be abandoned . 
 ... i guess ... maybe we should spend some time together , get to know each other . 
 what do you say ? '' 
 jake 's head snapped up . 
 `` are you kidding ? '' 
 mad dog almost smiled . 
 `` i was just leaving the place . 
 maybe . . . 
 maybe you wan na come with me ? '' 
 jake felt a moment 's disbelief , then a crushing disappointment . 
 `` leaving ? 
 why ? '' 
 he shrugged , trying to look casual , but jake saw the pain in his father 's eyes . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt mariah any more than i already have . 
 and it 's time to move on . '' 
 jake tried desperately to understand . 
 it felt as if his world were slowly unraveling , as if mad dog had pulled a loose thread and ripped everything apart . 
 `` but you 'll hurt her if you leave . '' 
 `` she 'll get over it . '' 
 his voice dropped to a whisper . 
 `` so will i. '' `` but ... but - '' `` but nothin ' , jake . 
 there 's no future for me here . 
 i 'm a man that has to move . 
 if i do n't keep moving , i 'll die . 
 it 's as simple as that . 
 so are you gon na come with me or not ? '' 
 jake glanced back at the house . 
 in the second-floor window , a shadow moved . 
 mariah . 
 his heart twisted at the thought of her , tears burned his eyes . 
 in the past weeks she 'd given him everything he 'd ever wanted and never thought he 'd find again . 
 he felt safe with her , cared-for . 
 he could n't walk away from her , could n't leave her here alone , sad and pressed . 
 he loved her . 
 he turned to his father , blinking up at him throug scalding tears . 
 and realized in that moment what he ' been searching for all these months . 
 it was n't just his father . 
 it was a home , a family , a sense of belonging / * all the things he 'd found with mariah . 
 `` i ... i ca n't do that . 
 she 'll be alone . '' 
 mad dog squeezed his eyes shut , as if in pain . 
 then , slowly , he opened his eyes and looked down at jake . 
 `` i 'm proud of you , jake . '' 
 jake felt the impact of those simple words like a blow to the stomach . 
 the words should have lifted his spirits , made him feel , finally , that he 'd gained some measure of respect from his father . 
 but they had the opposite effect ; they sounded like good-bye . 
 years worth of hopes and dreams and prayers tangled around him until he could n't breathe . 
 a sharp pain wrenched his heart , twisted his insides . 
 he realized in that moment how desperately he wanted to love his dad . 
 `` stay . . . 
 please . 
 we could be a family . '' 
 mad dog blinked and shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 the last kernel of hope shattered , lay broken at his feet . 
 jake nodded , feeling hopelessly alone and lonely . 
 he sagged forward , too depressed to even cry . 
 his father was leaving him . 
 after all the years , all the dreams , it was going to end like this . 
 on a little farm in the middle of nowhere , with a quiet pair of good-byes . 
 and there was nothing he could say to change it . 
 they stood there for a long time , staring at each other , saying nothing . 
 then , miraculously , mad dog opened his arms . 
 jake hurled himself into his father 's embrace and hugged him tightly , wishing he did n't ever have to let go . 
 he wanted his dad to stay , wanted it so badly , he felt sick to his stomach . 
 mad dog pulled back and stared down at jake through eyes that were glassy and overbright . 
 `` i 'll miss you , kid . 
 but i 'll be thinkin ' of you . 
 and maybe someday i 'll be back . '' 
 jake sniffled and wiped his tears on his sleeve . 
 `` do n't say that unless you mean it . '' 
 mad dog winced . 
 `` good-bye , jake . '' 
 it took everything inside jake to say the next word . 
 `` good-bye . '' 
 chapter twenty-five mariah felt numb . 
 she walked around her room , seeing nothing , feeling less . 
 she glanced dully out the window , and saw mad dog talking to jake . 
 her heart twisted painfully at the sight of him , standing on her land , looking for all the world like he belonged there . 
 like he belonged there . 
 a small , helpless sob escaped her . 
 god , she 'd gotten so used to seeing him every morning , eating with him , laughing and smiling with him . 
 in the past weeks he 'd become twined around her soul , and it felt now as if vital strands were being yanked from her body , leaving her hollow and empty inside . 
 how could she go back to her old life ? 
 without him , the farm would be so damned , depressingly quiet ... . 
 he gave jake a smile that looked almost sad , and then , slowly , his shoulders sagging , he backed up and went into the bunkhouse , closing the door behind him . 
 jake stared after mad dog for a long time . 
 a deep breath pulled the starch from his spine and left him , too , looking broken . 
 he plunged his hands in his pockets and gave the closed door a longing glance before he turned and walked to the barn . 
 she stared at the bunkhouse , wondering what matt was doing in there , what he was thinking . 
 if she closed her eyes , she could see him still . 
 leaning against the wall , smiling , so handsome he took her breath away . 
 tears burned her eyes and slipped down her cheeks . 
 with a sigh , she leaned forward , rested her forehead on the cool windowpane . 
 her breath clouded the glass . 
 for a moment the world was hazy and dreamlike . 
 and she was a little girl again , pretending her prince charming was down there , waiting for her ... maybe he 's waiting for you . 
 she knew immediately that it was a mistake to think that . 
 but once planted , the seed of hope found fertile soil . 
 maybe he was down there , waiting for her to stop him ... maybe ... she did n't give herself time to think about it . 
 she raced to the armoire and yanked out a baggy brown dress . 
 throwing it on , she hurried down the steps and ran to the bunkhouse , skidding to a breathless stop at the closed door . 
 she wiped her sweaty palms on the rough linsey-woolsey of her dress and stared at it . 
 / do n't know what i was thinkin ' , mariah . 
 i ca n't leave you ... . 
 she squeezed her eyes shut , wanting desperately to believe her own fantasy . 
 she took a deep , shaking breath . 
 `` please , god , make him stay . 
 please . . . '' 
 then she knocked . 
 there was no answer . 
 steeling herself , she opened the door . 
 what she saw hit her like a slap to the face . 
 she gasped quietly and stumbled backward , clutching the doorframe for support . 
 her stupid , little-girl fantasy crashed down around her . 
 mad dog was kneeling in the corner , stuffing the last of his things in the white duck bag . 
 he yanked the bag closed and stood up , slowly turning around . 
 she tried to smile . 
 `` surprise . '' 
 the word sounded small and pathetic and painful . 
 exactly like she felt . 
 he sighed . 
 the half-filled bag slid from his hand and hit the floor with a thud . 
 `` mariah . . . '' 
 she clasped her shaking hands together , trying not to be hurt by the gentle , loving way he said her name . 
 `` were you going to say good-bye ? '' 
 he looked up at her then , and in his eyes she saw her own pain , mirrored and magnified . 
 it tore at her heart with tiny , shredding claws . 
 she started to shake . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she felt a blinding wave of regret . 
 her hands balled at her sides . 
 `` i should n't have asked you to stay . '' 
 he winced . 
 `` i 'm glad you did . 
 and i wish ... '' he j looked away . 
 `` jesus , i wish i could say yes . '' 
 `` but you ca n't . '' 
 `` no , i ca n't . '' 
 he picked up the bag and slung it ov his shoulder , walking slowly toward her . 
 she stared at him , trying to memorize everythin about him . 
 the crooked tilt of a smile that was n't thei the shining laughter in eyes that now looked glazi with pain . 
 she wanted to touch him , hold him , cling his knees if she had to . 
 anything to make him stay . 
 bi she could n't move , could n't speak . 
 `` i 'm not the man for you , mariah . '' 
 the hushed whisper of his voice slid along her throat like a caress . 
 `` you deserve someone who 'll promise to love you forever , and will keep that promise . 
 a man who 'll work these fields from sunup to sundown and never complain . 
 a man . . . 
 who does n't mind the picket fence . '' 
 she gazed up at him , knowing her eyes glittered with all the aching , desperate love in her heart , and unable to change it . 
 `` maybe ... with you ... '' he shook his head , and the gentleness of the action made her feel almost sick . 
 `` only you can make yourself leave this farm , and you 're not ready , are you ? '' 
 she looked away . 
 `` it 's nothing to be ashamed of , mariah . '' 
 he moved closer , brushed a lock of hair from her tear-dampened cheek . 
 she could n't help herself , she leaned into his touch , seeking the warmth of it . 
 `` it 's part of what makes you so special . 
 you never let go , never forget , never say good-bye . 
 but ... i do n't want that from a woman . 
 i want good-byes . '' 
 she let out her breath and pulled away from him . 
 her whole body sagged at the finality of his words . 
 `` i know that , matt . 
 i guess i 've always known it . '' 
 `` i never lied to you . '' 
 she squeezed her eyes shut . 
 even now , when he was breaking her heart , she could n't help loving him , wanting him . 
 `` that does n't help much , '' she answered . 
 `` i left you my articles . 
 they 're all i have . '' 
 she swallowed hard , fighting a surge of bitterness . 
 ` that should keep me warm at night . '' 
 he touched her chin and forced her to look up at him . 
 reluctantly she opened her eyes . 
 he gazed down at her , his eyes solemn . 
 `` would it help if i told you i loved you ? '' 
 mariah 's whole world seemed to tilt . 
 for the first time she felt a stab of pure , white-hot anger at his leaving . 
 without even thinking , she brought her hand up to slap his face . 
 at the last second , she stopped herself and forced her hand back to her side . 
 her eyes locked with his . 
 `` no , matt . '' 
 she pushed the words up her throat . 
 `` that would n't help at all . '' 
 they were the last words she said to him before he turned and walked out of her life . 
 mad dog leaned back against the vibrating wall of the boxcar and drew his sore legs to his chest . 
 beside him lay a new notebook , its pages fluttering in the fast-moving air . 
 the pages were white and empty ; their blankness mocked him . 
 no matter how many times he tried , he could n't seem to write . 
 nothing interested him or fired his passion or made him care . 
 he felt strangely dead inside . 
 a sigh escaped his cracked , bleeding lips . 
 he banged his head back against the slatted wall . 
 he curled his arms around his bent knees and hugged himself against the bitter cold . 
 but it was a wasted effort . 
 the weather bit through his tattered coat and gnawed on his flesh . 
 winter had come with a vengeance this year , blanketing the world in a cape of icy white , turning the empty boxcars into chilly coffins . 
 he sighed long and slow . 
 his breath hung in the air for a second , then dissipated . 
 he felt like hell . 
 he was cold , hungry , and tired . 
 he had n't had a decent meal in the week since he left lonesome creek . 
 there was no work to be found in frozen america in this year of panic . 
 and damn little charity . 
 years ago , when he 'd first started riding the rails , it had seemed romantic ; stowing away in empty boxcars , outsmarting the railroad workers , making camp wherever he wanted , fighting the local strongmen at every county fair between san francisco and new york . 
 then , he 'd felt free . 
 now he felt ... different . 
 where before the rails seemed to go everywhere , they now seemed to go nowhere at all . 
 his life was without romance or excitement or purpose . 
 just a series of endless , hopeless hours spent in freezing boxcars , riding from one unwelcoming little town to the next . 
 he wiped his eyes with hands that were black with dirt and scooted back into the car . 
 curling into a warmth-conserving ball , he closed his eyes and tried to sleep . 
 tried and failed . 
 cursing softly , he rubbed his aching eyes and let his head bang back against the wall again . 
 for the first time in his life , he knew what it meant to miss someone , miss her so badly , you ached . 
 he 'd grieved for his mother , but that was different . 
 death was a loss that , with time , slid into memory . 
 not so with mariah . 
 every day he missed her more . 
 she was out there , a warm , living , breathing presence . 
 when he closed his eyes , he saw her smile ; when the coldness of winter touched his flesh , he remembered her warmth ; when the silence enfolded him , endless and unbroken , he heard her laughter . 
 she was probably at the stove right now , cooking supper , the mouth-watering aroma of stewing meat seeping from the oven , filling the kitchen . 
 jake would be behind her , setting the table . 
 christ , he could almost hear the quiet clinking of silverware and the muted music of their voices . 
 the house . . . 
 mariah ... jake ... they were all back there , warm and cozy and welcoming ... but that was n't what he wanted , he reminded himself for the thousandth time since leaving . 
 he was n't a man who cared for `` cozy '' or wanted safety . 
 he loved this life , out here all alone , going wherever he wanted , doing whatever he felt like . 
 he 'd always loved it . 
 he needed his freedom like other men needed air . 
 it was just taking longer to get over them than he 'd thought . 
 but he would get over them . 
 pretty soon-any day now-these little quirks of longing would start to fade , and he 'd be back to his old self . 
 any day now . 
 he picked up his pen and notebook again and stared down at the cold , white page . 
 without thinking , he started to write something . 
 when he looked down at what he 'd written , he felt a chill that went clear through to his spine . 
 there was only one word on the paper . 
 mariah , he threw the pen across the car , heard it hit the wall with a tinny crack and tumble to the floor . 
 it was only a matter of time before this idiocy would end and he 'd forget mariah . 
 soon he 'd be back to his old self , writing articles , drinking tequila , screwing whores , and laughing . 
 any day now . 
 it was three full weeks before jake found the courage to tell mariah the truth . 
 they were sitting on the porch swing , as they did every night after supper . 
 twilight lay in a heavy purple blanket across the farm . 
 stars glittered in the darkness , cast a million shimmering reflections on the new layer of snow . 
 he cast a sureptitious sideways glance at her . 
 she was sitting hunched over , her hands curled in her lap . 
 pale-faced , sad-eyed , she stared out across the land . 
 he knew that she was searching the fields , waiting for mad dog to return . 
 `` i think he loved you , '' he said softly . 
 there was a bng , quiet moment , and then slowly she nodded . 
 `` so do i , jake . '' 
 they lapsed back into a familiar silence . 
 he dug deep for the courage to say what needed to be said . 
 `` my mama loved hin , too . '' 
 she turned to him , surprised . 
 `` what ? '' 
 jake tried to smile . 
 `` i 'm his son . '' 
 she seemed for a moment to stop breathing . 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` does he know ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 ` he asked me to go with him when he left . '' 
 a sad smile shaped her lips . 
 `` that sounds like him . 
 why did n't you ? '' 
 he gazed steadily at her . 
 `` i . . . 
 j guess i thought you were as much a mother as he is a father . '' 
 `` oh , jake ... '' she breathed his name , too moved by his simple words to say more . 
 `` he 'll be back . '' 
 she shook her head , dashed away tears with the back of her hand . 
 `` no , honey , he wo n't be back . '' 
 `` i 'm not just saying that . 
 i 've gotten to know him . 
 he 'll be back . '' 
 she gave him a fragile smile , but did n't say anything . 
 jake would n't give up so easily . 
 `` he 'll be back . '' 
 he said the words over and over again , trying really hard to make himself believe them . 
 two short , sharp blasts of the train 's horn roused mad dog from a restless , dreamless sleep . 
 he blinked blearily and pushed away from the cold , shuddering boxcar wall . 
 running dirty fingers through his equally dirty hair , he sat up and glanced outside . 
 the countryside whipped past him in a freezing white blur . 
 he had no idea where he was ; the landscape looked like texas , or arizona , or new mexico-any of a dozen places he 'd been in the last few weeks . 
 the days and nights were beginning to blur together in his mind , merging into a hazy , forgettable collage of snow-covered towns and empty train cars . 
 jesus , it was cold . 
 he rubbed his hands together and blew into them , trying to create the momentary illusion of warmth . 
 the horn blared again ; its piercing wail hovered for a split second in the frosty air , then melted into the wheezing chugs of the locomotive and disappeared . 
 giant iron wheels locked and screeched , grinding and bumping along the tracks as the engine began to slow down . 
 the train 's speed decreased , and the whipping air faded into a gentle , snow-scented breeze . 
 without the wind , the pungent smell of the boxcar became overpowering . 
 old horse dung , musty burlap ... human sweat . 
 mad dog winced . 
 christ , he needed a bath . 
 he tugged on the wiry hair at his chin , and stared outside . 
 before he knew it , he was thinking about lonesome creek again . 
 mariah . 
 her name came to him on the breeze , winging through his mind like a breath of fresh air . 
 he 'd done that a lot lately , thought of mariah and jake and the farm . 
 it was strange ; all his life he 'd thought about where he was going . 
 every new town was like an unopened christmas gift , a treasure just waiting to be found . 
 but lately things were different . 
 he was thinking more about where he 'd been and what he 'd left behind . 
 and more and more , that place , that time , felt like the unopened present . 
 he sighed , shoving his hand through his hair again . 
 he 'd never done that before , looked back , and he did n't like it . 
 he 'd done the right thing . 
 of course he had . 
 sooner or later , he 'd forget mariah . 
 he always forgot women . 
 it was one of his gifts . 
 that and offending people . 
 the memory of their conversation came at him out of the blue , surprising him with its bittersweet punch . 
 irritated , he grabbed hold of his bag and clutched his hat to his head . 
 with a holler , he jumped off the slow moving train , landed hard . 
 pain ricocheted up his legs and lodged in his knees . 
 `` jesus christ , '' he cursed , bending over until the pain passed . 
 then , slowly , he straightened . 
 and found himself on the outskirts of albuquerque . 
 he smiled . 
 `` well , i 'll be damned . '' 
 albuquerque . 
 it was one of his favorite towns . 
 there was a hell of a tavern here , and the prettiest little whore on the whole line . 
 this ` ii clear your head , he thought with a smile . 
 now , finally , he 'd start to forget the only woman he 'd ever remembered in the first place . 
 he strolled through the thin layer of new , airy snow , kicking it as he walked down main street . 
 it was a quiet day for albuquerque ; no people running through the square , no indians selling their crafts along the boardwalk . 
 he walked through the new section of townj and into the old . 
 as he neared the tip 'em back saloon , familiarl noises and smells spilled into the street , drawing him in , welcoming him in the way this town had a dozen times before . 
 he tilted back his hat and pushed through the swinging half doors . 
 and was thrust into the seedy , smoking tavern . 
 he coughed , blinking hard to see through the thick layer of gray haze that coated the room . 
 from somewhere came the musical thumping of hard hands on a tinny piano . 
 the clattering din rose above the boiling cacophony of raised voices , laughter , and hacking coughs . 
 he let the door swing shut behind him . 
 the smoke greeted him like an old friend . 
 familiar smells assaulted his senses , reminded him that he had been away for a while . 
 the sharp tang of tobacco , the musty odor of a place that had n't been aired out in years , and the pungent stench of human sweat and dirty clothes . 
 it was raucous and loud , jam-packed with people who did n't ask names and did n't care where you were from . 
 just the kind of place mad dog had always belonged . 
 he tossed his bag into the corner and watched it land . 
 then he crammed his hands in his pockets and ambled to the long oak bar . 
 he was halfway there when a male voice boomed above the melee . 
 `` jee-sus christ , it 's mad dog stone back from the dead ! '' 
 mad dog glanced up and saw old freddy tomlinson still tending bar . 
 freddy grinned , showing off a full set of yellow , rabbit-large teeth . 
 `` hell , stone , i figured you died . '' 
 mad dog sidled up to the bar and sat down on the cracked , painted stool . 
 `` you shoulda known better than that , freddy . 
 only the good die young . '' 
 freddy laughed hard , his hand pressed against his wobbling girth . 
 `` yeah , you 're right there . '' 
 he slapped a wet rag on the bar and started sloshing it back and forth . 
 mad dog grinned . 
 `` you gon na make me ask ? 
 what 's the point of bein ' a regular if the bartender ca n't read your mind ? '' 
 freddy tossed the towel down . 
 it landed with a moist thwack and slid toward mad dog . 
 turning , freddy grabbed a bottle of tequila and a shot glass from the mirrored shelves behind him and clanked them down in front of mad dog . 
 then he went back to wiping the bar . 
 mad dog frowned at the shot glass . 
 had they always been dirty ? 
 he could n't remember . 
 he 'd never even thought about it before , never wondered . 
 never cared . 
 the realization that he cared now made him angry . 
 what the hell difference did it make if the glass had a little dust or dirt on it ? 
 who cared ? 
 he curled his fingers around the tequila bottle and poured himself a healthy shot . 
 the pungent , eye-watering scent of the alcohol floated to his nostrils . 
 he tipped the drink back and downed it in a single swallow . 
 then he poured himself another . 
 he leaned back in the chair and stretched out his legs , glancing around him . 
 the place was filled with familiar faces . 
 men hunched over dirty tables , playing poker . 
 painted women standing alongside them , cheering for whoever paid them the most money . 
 cards snapped on wooden tables , chips clattered together , men cursed . 
 it was too goddamn loud in here . 
 he frowned at the thought . 
 he 'd never thought saloons were too noisy or too smoky or too anything . 
 everywhere else had seemed dull and boring in comparison . 
 but now , sitting here alone at the bar , sipping bad tequila , he found that he missed the quiet -- he shook his head , disgusted . 
 `` jesus christ , marian , are you going to ruin this for me , too ? '' 
 somewhere , a woman shrieked . 
 `` mad dog stone , as i live and breathe ! '' 
 mad dog winced and glanced toward the wide stairway . 
 martha-or was it matilda ? 
 - was shoving her . 
 way through the prostitutes and patrons on the steps , making her jostling , shrieking way to the bar . 
 she half ran the last ten feet and came up beside him , breathing hard . 
 she smiled down at him , a practiced , pretty smile that for some reason set his teeth on edge . 
 she fluttered her heavily kohled eyes and pressed a hand to her heaving cl ** vage . 
 `` well , my , my , '' she sighed , dragging her tongue along her painted lower lip . 
 `` i was beginnin ' to wonder if you forgot me . '' 
 mad dog frowned up at her . 
 he 'd slept with this woman a dozen times over the years , and he 'd always had a hell of a time . 
 he 'd always thought she was pretty in a loud , overblown sort of way . 
 but now he saw her as she really was . 
 a young woman aged before her time by booze and a bad life . 
 `` buy a girl a drink ? '' 
 she purred , patting her bleached blond hair . 
 `` sure . '' 
 he shoved the bottle at her . 
 she frowned prettily . 
 `` no , thanks . 
 that stuff makes me puke . '' 
 mad dog smiled in spite of himself , remembering . 
 `` yeah , it has that effect on some women . '' 
 you should n't compare me to other women . 
 i didn ' t know it was important to be the first to throw up on someone . 
 the woman-margaret ? 
 - touched him . 
 `` it 's been a while , mad dog . 
 where you been hidin ' out ? '' 
 he took a drink , let it linger for a second on his tongue before he swallowed . 
 `` i was n't hidin ' anywhere . 
 i was just - '' home . 
 the thought stunned him , confused him so badly that for a moment he could n't speak . 
 `` just where ? '' 
 he shrugged , pushing the thought away . 
 he did n't want a home , did n't want to think he had one . 
 he liked \ his life on the road , goddamn it . 
 he loved it . 
 `` nowhere . 
 so how 've you been ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 she pressed against him , rubbed her satin | skirt against his thigh in a slow , erotic invitation . 
 it left him cold . 
 she smelled of old sweat and cheap perfume , of tawdry back rooms and hasty couplings . 
 `` you wan na go up to my room ? '' 
 she whispered ' i throatily against his ear . 
 her gloved hand dove beneath the table and settled between his legs , squeezing lightly . 
 he almost said yes without thinking . 
 but when he looked up at her , into her sharp , painted face and emotionless blue eyes , he knew he could n't . 
 the realization shocked him . 
 he did n't want her , and she did n't want him . 
 not really . 
 they wanted ... a connection . 
 a time to pretend they felt something they did n't feel . 
 once , that had n't mattered to mad dog . 
 hell , he 'd liked that cold anonymity , enjoyed women who cared nothing for him and less for themselves . 
 women who asked nothing of him and did n't care if he forgot their names . 
 but he was different now . 
 mariah and what they shared had changed him . 
 he knew the difference between sex and love-jesus , the difference-and he could n't go back to the old way anymore . 
 he looked away , unable to face her , and took another sip of tequila . 
 `` sorry , m ... '' `` millie , '' she said softly . 
 there was a quiver of hurt in her voice he never would have noticed before . 
 `` sorry , millie . 
 not this time . '' 
 she sagged beside him , dropped an elbow on the table and stared at him . 
 `` you find yourself a woman , stone ? '' 
 he could n't answer . 
 she tossed back a shot of tequila and shuddered , wiping her mouth on the back of her sleeve . 
 `` if you have , and you care enough about her to stay away from me , then what the hell are you doin ' here on christmas night ? '' 
 her jerked his head up . 
 for the first time , he noticed the dying , empty tree leaning in the corner behind the bar . 
 and the music . 
 that tinny piano was banging out a staccato version of `` o holy night . '' 
 millie 's face softened into an honest smile . 
 `` you did n't know ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` huh-uh . '' 
 she patted him on the back and turned to leave . 
 `` well , mad dog , merry christmas . 
 i 'd best get back to work . '' 
 mad dog barely heard her good-bye . 
 he stared into the mirror behind the bar , seeing his shaggy , unkempt appearance , and wondered what jake and mariah were doing right now . 
 he could imagine the house , decorated with ornaments and evergreen , smelling of turkey and dressing and pumpkin pie . 
 he could hear their laughter and the quiet rustling of paper as they opened their gifts . 
 he stared accusingly at his reflection . 
 what the hell ore you doing here , alone , drinking , and dirty ? 
 you have a place to go . 
 you have a home . . . . 
 he took a burning gulp of tequila , right from the bottle . 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 he backhanded the moisture from his mouth . 
 what was he thinking ? 
 he could n't go back . 
 jake would want you to come back . 
 he tried not to be romanced by the notion . 
 but once he 'd thought about jake , he felt himself being reeled in . 
 he could be a father , for christ 's sake . 
 a father . 
 he 'd missed so much of his son 's life already , but he did n't have to miss it all . 
 he could be there to watch jake grow to manhood , be there to watch him fall in love and have children of his own . 
 `` jesus ... '' he sighed and shook his head , surprised at how compelling those words were , how goddamn appealing . 
 but there was mariah to think about . 
 he loved her , loved her as he 'd never loved any other woman . 
 he knew that ; he 'd known it when he left her . 
 he thought he 'd forget , thought those feelings would fade into the fabric of his footloose life and be forgotten , but that had n't happened . 
 instead , he remembered . 
 every moment of every day , he remembered . 
 when he touched something soft , he thought of her skin ; when he touched something rough , he thought of the overlaundered linsey-woolsey she always wore . 
 when he smelled vanilla or lavender or plain old soap , he thought of her . 
 when he looked into green eyes , he remembered brown . 
 not brown . 
 he smiled at the memory and wondered how in the hell he 'd been able to leave her . 
 how had he been so stupid , so incredibly blind ? 
 but he knew the answer . 
 it was the same one that kept him from turning away from the bar and heading back to lonesome creek right now . 
 she loved him , he was sure of that , and she 'd forgive him if he returned . 
 but could he stay ? 
 that was the killer , the question that kept his butt planted on the barstool . 
 he 'd never made an honest commitment in his life . 
 not one . 
 and this one was for keeps . 
 if he went back , he could never leave again . 
 `` shit , '' he cursed , reaching for the bottle and drawing it toward him . 
 he could n't imagine such a thing . 
 could n't imagine getting a job , living on the farm behind that idiotic picket fence , knowing every day where he 'd go to bed and where he 'd wake up . 
 with mariah . 
 he groaned at the thought and took another dribbling drink , then slammed the bottle down on the bar . 
 if he went back , he could never leave again . 
 shit . 
 chapter twenty-six . 
 marian stared at the box in her lap . 
 tears stung her eyes and slipped down her cheeks , splashing on the pale ivory of her drawers . 
 she eased the lid back from the box and set it beside her , then peeled back the protective layer of wrinkled white linen . 
 the gown lay just as she had left it exactly a year ago , folded in perfect lines , the high lace collar star-tlingly white against the rich burgundy velvet of the bodice . 
 she reached out , brushed the delicate lace with her fingertip . 
 it felt frothy and light and feminine ; so unlike everything she 'd worn for the past fifteen years . 
 a row of round , mother-of-pearl buttons marched down from the throat to the waist and disappeared into a pleated white satin belt . 
 sadness filled her , but it was bittersweet , with a tang of remembered happiness . 
 this had been the last christmas gift she 'd ever given her mother . 
 she remembered choosing it with care , poring over dozens and dozens of catalog pages until she found exactly the right one . 
 a gown with heart . 
 she pulled the dress gently from its box . 
 the burgundy velvet caught the light and shimmered like a glass of rich wine , spilling in soft waves across her lap . 
 she shoved the box aside and stood up . 
 holding the gown up to her , she studied her reflection in the mirror and smiled . 
 the rich burgundy hue contrasted with the milky paleness of her cheeks and set off her brown eyes . 
 not brown . 
 the memory came at her unexpectedly . 
 she stared at herself in the mirror , seeing the glitter of tears in her eyes , but , surprisingly , she did n't feel a drenching wave of sadness . 
 she felt ... loss , perhaps . 
 or a quiet sorrow at what might have been . 
 `` oh , matt , '' she sighed , shaking her head . 
 he was gone , and he was n't coming back . 
 for weeks she 'd put off thinking about that , realizing the truth of it . 
 but now , standing here in front of the mirror , staring into her own eyes , she could n't deny it any longer . 
 he was gone , and he was n't coming back . 
 it was strange , really , how the realization made her feel . 
 she should have been crushed , desperate . 
 two years ago-hell , two months ago-she would have been . 
 but somehow , sometime , in the past weeks she 'd grown up . 
 it still hurt . 
 she still missed him-she probably always would . 
 but she could live with her past now , and go on . 
 it was n't like before , with stephen . 
 then she 'd been sixteen and unable to face reality . 
 now she was older , wiser , and she was strong enough to survive . 
 she did n't need mad dog . 
 she loved him , missed him sometimes so much she ached for him . 
 but she did n't need him . 
 he 'd taught her to say good-bye . 
 she turned away from the mirror and slipped out of her baggy brown dress . 
 tossing it aside , she put on the glorious christmas dress and tied the wide white ribbon around her waist , cinching it tight . 
 the velvet bodice fell in loose , blousy waves over her br ** sts and tucked into her waist , then cascaded to the floor in undulating sheets of fabric . 
 she quickly brushed the curly hair away from her face and tied it at her neck with jake 's frayed pink ribbon . 
 she gave her cheeks a quick pinch for color , then hurried down the stairs . 
 the kitchen was filled with holiday scents-sugar-glazed ham , spiced apple cider , and pecan pie . 
 she walked through the room , glancing quickly at the jams , jellies , pickles , potatoes , vegetables , and breads that sat crowded together in the center of the table . 
 clasping her hands together , she strolled to the parlor to wait for jake . 
 the small room was wreathed in flickering light and draped in evergreen . 
 in the corner , on a red-cloth covered table , sat the small christmas tree , its boughs weighted down with spun-glass angels , gilded apples , glazed cherries , sugar plums , and twinkling with candlelight . 
 behind it , the window rippled with reflections . 
 `` hi , mariah . '' 
 she turned and saw jake standing in the doorway . 
 he was wearing a pair of rass 's old dress trousers , altered to fit him , and a stark white button-up shirt with black suspenders . 
 a poorly knotted necktie hung at an odd angle from his collar . 
 his coppery hair was slicked back from his forehead , and lay curled in an uncontrollable flip beneath his ears . 
 her heart squeezed at the sight of him . 
 he looked so handsome and grown-up and uncertain , standing there , awaiting her approval , with the tiny razor nicks on his cheeks . 
 `` you look handsome . '' 
 he beamed at her . 
 `` so do you . '' 
 he walked up to her , smiling . 
 she looped her arm through his and drew him close . 
 wordlessly they crossed the room and stared out the window , waiting . 
 always waiting . 
 mariah felt him lean slightly toward her , and she understood . 
 they were doing everything right this year , trying hard , but the ghosts of christmases past were all around them , clustered in every room , lingering in every activity . 
 this was the first christmas without parents for both of them , and everything they did hurt . 
 mariah stared through the glass , seeing but not seeing the glowing circlets of light cast against the pane by the tree 's candles . 
 outside , the farm was a series of shadowy shapes , without form or substance . 
 moonlight streamed through the leafless limbs of a hundred skeletal apple trees , turning the snowy landscape into a powdery lake of crushed diamonds . 
 the world was cold and still . 
 `` he is n't coming back . '' 
 mariah said the words softly , wishing she could take away the hurt they 'd cause . 
 jake sighed . 
 `` yeah , i know that . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you 're here , jake , '' she said quietly , feeling a tiny catch in her heart . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` yeah , me , too . '' 
 the moment started to spiral into a familiar , quiet sadness , but mariah refused to let it . 
 she forced a smile and cleared her throat . 
 `` well , how about we eat some f of that fabulous christmas supper ? '' 
 he turned to her , slowly pulling his arm away from her . 
 `` i have a present for you first . '' 
 she glanced at the tree . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 `` it 's not there . 
 come on . '' 
 he led her through the well-lit house and onto the darkened porch . 
 beyond , the world was a midnight blue smear of shapes and forms , all of it limned by the golden-white light of a full winter moon . 
 he took her arm and led her down the creaking steps . 
 she stepped carefully into the crusty , ankle-deep snow . 
 the cold air stung her lungs and brought tears to her eyes . 
 her breath clouded the frosty air for a magical moment , then disappeared . 
 `` do you notice anything different ? '' 
 mariah heard the hesitant pride in his voice and she smiled , glancing around the farm . 
 `` well , the barn is still standing , the bunkhouse looks the same , the woodpile 's just as high , the - '' she gasped . 
 `` oh , my god , jake ... '' `` i took it down . '' 
 she took a cautious step forward , her gaze riveted to the end of the walkway . 
 the picket fence was gone . 
 that whole corner of the property was wide open . 
 an unbroken , pristine layer of snow rolled from the house , over the road , and into forever . 
 there was nothing to stop it . 
 she stared at the empty space where the fence had been and felt a dizzying mix of emotions . 
 fear , exhilaration , relief . 
 jake looked up at her , his cheeks pink from the cold . 
 `` i did n't want you to look at it every day . '' 
 at his simple words , so caring and understanding , mariah felt an emotion unlike any she 'd ever known . 
 deep and drenching , it consumed her , filled her with an impossible , light-headed warmth . 
 `` i never even thought about taking it down , '' she said quietly , wondering why she had n't . 
 `` i thought maybe if it was n't there ... '' she gazed down at him , seeing hope and fear in his green eyes . 
 for a split second , she saw herself as he must see her . 
 a thirty-four-year-old spinster who ached for a man who did n't love her and could n't leave her own farm . 
 and she was ashamed . 
 tears filled her eyes . 
 she brushed a wayward lock of hair from his forehead ; her fingers lingered lovingly at his temple . 
 `` what did you think ? '' 
 she asked in a halting , throaty voice . 
 he swallowed nervously . 
 `` i thought maybe ... if it was n't there , you could someday walk past it . '' 
 walk past it . 
 the unexpected words lodged in her heart . 
 she lifted her chin and stared at the snowy emptiness that stretched beyond her farm and melted into the foothills in the distance . 
 there was no fence there anymore ; no fence to stop her , no latch to lift , no gate to push open . 
 nothing to remind her every day of her irrational , stupid fear . 
 she tried to imagine leaving the farm . 
 fear spilled through her , icy cold and threatening . 
 sweat broke out on her forehead , itched against her scalp . 
 but it was a different kind of fear , softer , without the suffocating , debilitating sense of panic . 
 `` maybe i could . '' 
 she said the words quietly , unaware that she 'd even been about to speak . 
 the thought filled her with an incredible sense of hope . 
 for the first time in fifteen years , she really believed it was possible . 
 not easy , perhaps , but possible . 
 the world did n't scare her as much anymore . 
 if she practiced diligently , took a few baby steps forward every day , and truly let herself believe , maybe she could do it . 
 a smile tugged at her mouth . 
 `` maybe . . . '' 
 jake turned to her . 
 `` i love you , mariah . 
 merry christmas . '' 
 she turned to him , gazed down at him through the stinging curtain of her tears . 
 pulling him into her arms , she gave him a fierce , loving hug . 
 `` i love you , too , jake . 
 merry christmas . '' 
 mad dog saw the farm in the distance and stopped . 
 the boxy farmhouse sat like a perfect tooth in the center of endless snow-covered fields . 
 dozens of skeletal apple trees fanned out from the house , their bare limbs draped in elegant white . 
 for the first time since he left , he felt warm . 
 a smile curved his lips . 
 he was home . 
 then the smile slid slowly downward . 
 something was wrong . 
 he glanced around , cataloging the orchard , the house , the barn . 
 everything looked the same , but something felt ... different . 
 the fence was gone . 
 he smiled again , feeling a surge of pride for mariah . 
 she 'd done it . 
 jesus christ , she 'd taken down the white picket fence . 
 he could see the repetitive depressions in the snow where the slats had been . 
 it was the best welcome he could have imagined . 
 he reslung his bag over his back and strolled toward the house . 
 there was a spring in his step that had been missing for weeks . 
 excitement thudded with every beat of his heart . 
 he could n't wait to see his family again , could n't wait to be welcomed back into their loving arms . 
 `` mad dog ? '' 
 he grinned and glanced up . 
 jake stood beside the bunkhouse , carrying a load of firewood . 
 `` hiya , kid . 
 i told you i 'd be back . '' 
 jake 's mouth dropped open . 
 the firewood slid from his arms and thumped into the snow at his feet . 
 `` might be back , '' he muttered , staring at mad dog through huge , round eyes . 
 `` you said you might be back . '' 
 he started to make a flip comeback , then changed his mind . 
 he 'd come a long way to tell jake something . 
 he did n't want to ruin the moment by being his normal , careless self . 
 `` i missed you . '' 
 `` you did ? '' 
 jake 's voice was a breath of wonder . 
 he smiled . 
 `` yeah . 
 it surprised me , too . '' 
 he dropped his bag and waved jake over . 
 `` come here . '' 
 jake moved cautiously forward , crunching quietly through the snow . 
 about a foot away , he stopped . 
 mad dog felt a moment 's disappointment . 
 he pushed it away . 
 he wanted to reach out and squeeze his son 's shoulder , wanted it so damn bad , he hurt inside . 
 but he did n't do a thing , did n't move . 
 he wanted to take this thing slow , wanted to make everything right so it would last . 
 jake looked painfully young and vulnerable right now , standing there , his arms at his sides , his face j scrunched against the bright winter sun . 
 mad dog knew j how his son felt , remembered waiting for his own father ` sj ther 's return with an aching sense of desperation . 
 `` i 'm sorry , jake , '' he said quietly , feeling a sharp statj of regret . 
 the words were so small , nothing really , yet they were all he had to offer . 
 that , and a lifetime o | commitment and love to back them up . 
 jake did n't say anything . 
 `` i should n't have left you . 
 it just happened so damne fast-not that that 's an excuse -- but i did n't know what do . 
 i was scared shitless of the responsibility . '' 
 jake took a hesitant step forward . 
 `` what change -lrb- j your mind ? '' 
 `` you 're my son . '' 
 mad dog 's throat squeezed up the simple words . 
 `` you ca n't imagine how it makes feel to say that , jake . 
 once i started thinking about it ! 
 about you , i could n't stay away . '' 
 he looked away.i `` god , i 've missed so much of your life ... i do n't want * to miss any more . '' 
 jake made a sobbing , choked sound and launched himself forward . 
 mad dog grabbed his son , held him in a fierce , desperate hug . 
 `` i missed you , mad dog , '' jake said , clinging to his father 's neck . 
 mad dog drew back slowly , stared down into jake 's teary eyes . 
 `` i do n't suppose you 'd want to call me dad ? '' 
 jake gave him a watery , quivering smile . 
 `` i 've waited for that all my life . '' 
 `` i wish i 'd known , jake , '' he said softly , realizing for the first time that it was true . 
 he wished he 'd known about his son a long time ago . 
 he liked to believe he would have changed , would have stayed . 
 `` me , too , dad . '' 
 dad . 
 at the quietly spoken word , mad dog felt something in his heart swell almost painfully . 
 he swallowed hard , fighting a surge of raw emotion . 
 `` i 'd best go see mariah , '' he said in a thick voice . 
 `` you know , sweep her off her feet and make this family official . '' 
 jake winced . 
 `` mariah 's . . . 
 changed . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` i can see that by the missing fence . 
 jesus , i 've missed her . '' 
 jake chewed on his lower lip . 
 `` i 'll just stay here and wait ___ '' mad dog laughed . 
 `` probably a good a idea , jake . 
 last time i surprised her , she coldcocked me with the butt of a shotgun . '' 
 `` i would n't rule it out this time . '' 
 mad dog grinned at jake 's joke . 
 tossing his bag toward the bunkhouse , he looked up at the house . 
 an idiotic smile curved his mouth . 
 god , he could n't wait to see her , to taste her . 
 ever since he left , his arms had felt empty and lifeless . 
 he needed mariah to fill them and make him feel complete . 
 he tousled jake 's hair . 
 `` seeya in a minute , kid . 
 i got some courtin ' to do . '' 
 `` good luck , dad . '' 
 `` i wo n't need luck . 
 i 've got love . '' 
 still grinning , mad dog raced across the snowy yard and bounded up the sagging porch steps . 
 he turned the knob quietly and went inside . 
 the house welcomed him in the way it always had , with warmth and comfort and quiet . 
 he heard the crackling sputter of a fire in the sitting room , and the hissing pop of cooking bacon . 
 he closed the door gently and moved toward the kitchen . 
 mariah was in the corner , kneeling in front of the icebox . 
 it took him a moment to notice that she was n't wearing brown . 
 her hair was drawn back in a loosely woven braid that brushed the floor behind her , its tail caught up in a frayed pink ribbon . 
 her dress was pale blue , sprigging with tiny yellow flowers . 
 she stood up and turned around . 
 he leaned casually against the doorframe and crossed his arms , smiling at her . 
 `` hiya , darlin ' . '' 
 `` matt . . . '' 
 she breathed . 
 the yellow crockery bowl in her hands crashed to the floor and shattered . 
 `` i 'm back . '' 
 she stared at him , her mouth parted , her cheeks brightened with spots of color . 
 for a second , her gaze was liquid and warm and welcoming . 
 then she stiffened . 
 her face hardened into that austere , disapproving pinch he knew so well . 
 `` no , you 're not . '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` good comeback , matt . '' 
 she dried her hands on a soggy dish towel and stepped backwards . 
 `` i said , you 're not back . 
 you 're here . 
 there 's a difference . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` i 'm back . '' 
 she tried to smile , but her eyes were cold and wary , untrusting . 
 `` that 's wonderful for jake . 
 he 's missed you . 
 the bunkhouse will be ready on saturday , as usual . 
 until then , you may use your bedroll . '' 
 she 's mad , that 's all . 
 you can handle a riled-up woman . 
 mad dog gave her his best sexy grin and moved toward her , looping his thumbs through the fraying waistband of his levi 's . 
 `` how ` bout you , darlin ' , did you miss me ? '' 
 `` i missed you , '' she said tightly , `` for a while . '' 
 he halted , stunned . 
 `` and you stopped ? ' 
 she smiled . 
 `` and i grew up . '' 
 her eyes met his , and this time there was no wariness in her gaze , no coldness . 
 only a solemn honesty . 
 `` you changed me , matt . 
 first by coming into my life , and then by leaving it . 
 i 've learned i can take care of myself . '' 
 mad dog felt off balance , unsure of himself . 
 he 'd thought she 'd throw herself at him and smother him with kisses until he could n't breathe . 
 he 'd envisioned it just that way a thousand times , imagined their hot , wet , hard reunion . 
 it had never once occurred to him that there would n't be a reunion at all . 
 the thought made him feel queasy , lost . 
 he sighed , ran a hand through his shoulder-length hair . 
 he could n't have come this far only to lose the only woman he 'd ever loved . 
 ever would love . 
 he licked his dry lips and looked at her . 
 this time there was no cocky grin , no sexy smile . 
 there was just pain and honesty and hope . 
 `` i want to change your life again , '' he said softly , `` by staying . '' 
 she flinched . 
 `` then stay in the bunkhouse . '' 
 `` you do n't understand . '' 
 `` no , you do n't understand . 
 you ... '' her voice cracked . 
 tears filled her eyes and she looked away . 
 `` you broke my heart . 
 ... i do n't want you anymore . '' 
 mad dog felt her pain . 
 regret and shame coiled around his heart , squeezing until it hurt to breathe . 
 he dug deep in his pocket for the cheap tin ring he 'd bought in albuquerque . 
 he pulled it out , dusted it off , and wished to hell it were gold . 
 `` i love you , mariah , and i want to marry you . 
 i want you and jake and me to be a real , honest-to-god family . '' 
 she did n't look at him or the ring . 
 `` ha . '' 
 `` i ... i stopped off at the lonesome creek ledger and got a writing job . '' 
 she gasped and looked at him . 
 `` you got a job ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` writin ' articles twice a week . 
 i figure that 'll help us pay some bills and still give me time to manage the orchard . '' 
 she clasped her hands and looked away again . 
 `` oh . '' 
 he felt a moment 's weakness , a hesitation on her part . 
 `` marry me . '' 
 she closed her eyes and breathed heavily , then slowly opened them and looked at him . 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't trust you to stay . '' 
 `` tell me you do n't love me , mariah . 
 tell me that and i 'll leave right now . 
 otherwise , i 'll stay here a hundred years , proposing to you every morning-until you do trust me . '' 
 mariah . 
 a shiver of longing moved through mariah at the way he said her name , so softly , gently . 
 memories besieged her , drew her reluctantly back into the way she used to feel about him . 
 sweet lord , she 'd missed him . 
 she clutched the sink and forced herself not to move , but the heat of his gaze , the warmth of his smile , burned through her , made her feel liquid and rubbery inside . 
 `` oh , god , matt . '' 
 she sighed , feeling the sting of tears . 
 she could n't lie and tell him she did n't love him . 
 the words would be impossible to form . 
 she loved him as much as her own life , needed him as desperately as she needed air to breathe . 
 he moved toward her , came within a hairsbreadth of touching her , but he did n't . 
 he just stared down at her , gazing at her through painfully honest eyes . 
 `` have i ever lied to you , mariah ? '' 
 `` n-no . '' 
 he touched her chin , a feather-stroke of a caress that set off a tremble in her stomach . 
 `` i 'll stay , '' he whispered , and she saw the moisture in his eyes . 
 she looked up at him , into the quiet desperation in his eyes , the lingering sadness in his look , and she was lost . 
 she could n't turn him away , could n't say she did n't love him . 
 not if he broke her heart a hundred times , a thousand . 
 the days of protecting herself were long over . 
 she was stronger now , strong enough to reach for what she wanted . 
 strong enough to let herself believe in him , in herself , in love . 
 she gave him a fragile , loving smile and started to cry . 
 `` oh , matt , '' she breathed , opening her arms to him , `` what took you so long ? '' 
 author 's note sometimes a writer stumbles across a book that 's difficult , perhaps even painful , to write . 
 this was just such a book for me . 
 so i 'd like to take this occasion to thank some very special people . 
 my brother , kent , and my sister , laura , who helped me through the sadness and help me still . 
 benjamin and tucker , who make every day a miracle . 
 and my `` other '' family , the hannahs and the shields , who have faced so much tragedy this year with courage and hope . 
 anna , sharon and burt . . . 
 this one 's for you . 
