 blackness . 
 it kept me unaware of my surroundings , a buffer from the real world . 
 awareness came back to me gradually , like slowly pulling a curtain away from the haze that had draped over my mind . 
 flashes of memories and impressions flashed like a slide show : startling red hair and green eyes like my own , laughter , blond hair and overwhelming anxiety . 
 the last thing i could recall seeing was his desperate blue eyes boring into my own . 
 now they taunt me as i remain locked in the darkness that holds me as its unwilling prisoner . 
 i could sense his presence in the back of my psyche , a constant hum that reassured me that all was n't lost . 
 my desire to know he was real and not a figment of my imagination forced me to fight to follow him out of the safety of my mind , back into the reality of the unknown . 
 his lilting voice and cool touch the only thing that seemed tangible . 
 he 'd been an illusion in my dreams before , but he was real . 
 he had to be real . 
 everything had n't been a dream . 
 i had to find him to reassure myself that he did exist . 
 breaking free from the shadows , i rubbed my hand across my eyes . 
 staring at the ceiling , i took a few deep breaths and reality fell over me like a bucket of ice water , making everything fall into place . 
 it was all real . 
 the fear , the confusion , my vampire father and stefan . 
 stefan ! 
 managing to pull myself up into a sitting position , my eyes darted around the room in search of him . 
 i choked back a startled breath when i saw him . 
 he had his long arm extended , holding sofia by the throat , his normally handsome face twisted in rage as his large hand tightened around the female vampire 's neck . 
 her feet dangled off the floor helplessly and her long fingernails scratched feebly at his hand as she struggled against him . 
 `` you will do no such thing , sofia . 
 one more word from you and i will end you . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 stefan hissed , his voice filled with venom . 
 sofia managed to nod as fear flickered across her beautiful features . 
 what had i missed after i blacked out ? 
 `` stefan , '' i whimpered , my voice sounding hoarse and weak as i called out for him . 
 i watched as stefan 's head turned slightly to focus on me , relief relaxing the harsh expression on his face . 
 he immediately released his hold on sofia 's neck , causing her to fall in a heap on the wood floor . 
 he blurred to my side , crushing me to his chest in a tight embrace . 
 i managed to wrap my arms around his neck , burying my nose against his chest . 
 i inhaled the familiar smell of him : sandalwood and home . 
 i was n't sure what was going on , but i was with him . 
 home . 
 safe . 
 real . 
 `` josephine , '' he murmured , his breath cool against my hair . 
 he pulled away slightly and his blue eyes swept over my face . 
 the hands that had gripped sofia 's throat in anger moments ago were gentle as they traveled down the side of my face . 
 he lowered his lips to press them tenderly against mine in a soft kiss . 
 the familiar need for him ignited like a flame inside of me , my body recognizing the feel of his muscular , hard body against my own and wanting to reclaim it as mine . 
 `` how long was i out ? 
 and why were you choking sofia ? 
 did i miss some kind of vampire throw down ? '' 
 i felt his mouth curl into a smile against my lips , and he leaned back to brush my hair away from my face . 
 his mental voice was sharp as it entered my thoughts . 
 `` it is vampire bullshit . 
 sofia overstepped her boundaries . 
 it is nothing you need to worry about . '' 
 narrowing my eyes , i was n't sure if i totally believed him . 
 i 'd only seen the end of their `` discussion '' and it seemed like there was more to it than sofia sticking her nose where it did n't belong . 
 `` i am happy you are awake . 
 you were asleep for nine hours , '' stefan said aloud , his eyes continuing their visual scrutiny of my body . 
 `` how do you feel , vackra ? '' 
 how did i feel ? 
 where do i begin ? 
 i 'd just discovered that my birth father is a vampire and i woke up to see my vampire lover ready to kill another woman . 
 i think confused and overwhelmed were two words that best described how i felt at the moment . 
 `` weird and confused , almost like i 've been asleep for too long . 
 i could really use a glass of water , '' i answered and rubbed my face with my hands again . 
 stefan attempted to stand and i frantically grabbed his arms to stop him . 
 i did n't want him to leave me . 
 i was being irrational , scared that if he left the room i 'd never see him again . 
 he focused on me with a look of confusion , his brow furrowing in concern as he read my mind . 
 my eyes traveled over his beautiful face as he leaned closer to me , his deep set , blue eyes uneasy over the plane of his high cheekbones . 
 his chiseled jaw tightened , the dark blond stubble on his face more noticeable than normal . 
 stefan moved closer to me on the couch , his lips tickling my ear as he whispered to me . 
 `` i am not going anywhere , josephine . 
 let me get you a glass of water . 
 i will be back in less than a minute . '' 
 he blurred away and disappeared out of the room . 
 he had barely left my field of vision before he 'd returned with a crystal glass filled with water , kneeling down beside me and handing the water to me with a crooked smile , watching as i greedily drank the tepid water . 
 `` is there a reason why you are still here , sofia ? '' 
 stefan questioned harshly without breaking our gaze . 
 i 'd forgotten all about sofia . 
 glancing over stefan 's shoulder , i saw her lurking by the door , standing quietly against the wall . 
 i could n't read her future or feel her emotions , but her body language was easy to decipher . 
 she stared at me with thinly veiled contempt and jealousy seemed to radiate off of her , filling the room with her resentment . 
 `` i was just making sure josie had recovered , '' sofia muttered . 
 she flipped her long brown hair over her shoulder and crossed her arms defensively . 
 `` as you can see , josephine is fine . 
 leave us , '' stefan commanded stiffly . 
 sofia huffed and turned on her heel , leaving the room in a blur and slamming the door behind her . 
 `` we are alone for the moment . 
 i missed you , vackra . '' 
 he took the glass from my hands and placed it on the small table beside of the couch . 
 his large hands gripped my face and his lips covered mine roughly , his tongue slipping into my mouth to entangle with my own . 
 i could feel my body responding to him as he pressed me back into the cushions . 
 his hands were everywhere , one slipping underneath my blouse while the other cupped my ass . 
 his thigh slipped between my legs , his fingers brushing across my nipples through the lacy fabric of my bra . 
 i pulled my mouth away from his , half-heartedly pushing against the solid wall of his chest . 
 `` we ca n't do this here . 
 stefan ... '' his lips recaptured mine before i could say another word and i gave into the desperation of his kiss . 
 desire coursed through my veins as i felt his agile fingers unbutton my jeans and quickly pull the zipper down . 
 our eyes locked as he took one of my hands . 
 he rubbed it against the front of the soft denim , his cock hard and straining against the zipper . 
 his striking face stared back at me , his blue eyes pleading for my understanding . 
 `` i need you . 
 do not make me beg . '' 
 the tortured moan that fell from my lips was all the answer he needed . 
 he worked quickly , slipping his hands into my panties . 
 his fingers rubbed urgently across my wet folds , letting two of them slip inside of me . 
 he began stroking and curling his fingers as i bucked against his hand . 
 i could never resist or deny him , i would gladly offer him whatever he needed or wanted . 
 i needed him just as much . 
 his mouth was demanding and eager , his hips bucking against mine as he deepened the kiss . 
 one of his hands threaded in my hair while the other kept up the rapid rhythm inside of me , his fingers relentless . 
 i 'd started tugging on his zipper when stefan 's cell phone chirped loudly . 
 with a growl of frustration , he pulled away from me and fished his phone from his pocket . 
 his face tensed and his eyes narrowed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i watched as his shoulders tightened and when he turned to face me , his face was solemn . 
 `` it appears that your father is eager to talk to you . '' 
 i snorted and folded my arms across my chest . 
 `` my father ?!? he 'll never be my father . 
 he watched me struggle with my abilities for years and did nothing to help me . 
 i have nothing to say to him . 
 i just want to leave . '' 
 `` josephine , '' stefan had just begun to speak when his cell phone twittered again , signaling another incoming text alert . 
 he glanced at the screen , saying nothing and simply handing me his phone . 
 kian : please bring my daughter to the fourth floor . 
 `` vackra , if you wish to leave , you must talk to him . 
 he will not let us leave unless you meet with him , '' stefan advised . 
 i handed his phone back to him and frowned . 
 `` so we 're unofficial captives until i give him what he wants ? 
 let 's get this over with . '' 
 `` josephine , this is the way this has to work . '' 
 he sounded frustrated . 
 `` there is no other way . '' 
 scowling , i exhaled loudly . 
 `` it does n't mean i have to like it . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 stefan took my hand , leading us down the hall towards the elevator . 
 he pressed the up arrow on the panel and we waited as the doors slowly opened . 
 we stepped inside and he reached across to press the button for the fourth floor , watching in silence as the doors closed and the elevator began its ascent . 
 the doors parted and we walked into a dark , wood paneled room that was a living and office space . 
 on one side , two large couches faced each other in the living room . 
 the walls were lined with impressive artwork , most of which were probably priceless , one-of-a-kind masterpieces . 
 the other end of the room was centered around a large mahogany desk with two chairs at each corner . 
 my father sat behind the desk , silently observing us and rising to his feet to greet us . 
 `` stefan and josephine . 
 thank you for joining me . '' 
 kian inclined his head in greeting . 
 he walked around the desk with outstretched hands as if to embrace me . 
 shrinking back , i huddled against stefan 's side . 
 my father dropped his hands and a wounded expression briefly darkened his face before a small , forced smile took its place . 
 `` stefan , thank you for bringing my daughter to see me before you left . 
 i would like to speak to her alone , '' kian said as he glanced between us both . 
 by his tone it was obvious they 'd discussed this and it was an order , not a request . 
 `` vackra , i have no choice . 
 i will be close by , i promise , '' stefan 's mental voice had a nervous edge to it . 
 straightening my back , i pulled away from stefan 's side to face my father . 
 i stared at him for a moment , my eyes flickering over him before i spoke . 
 `` i would prefer for him to stay with me , kian . '' 
 he clasped his hands together in front of him before sitting down in one of the chairs that was in front of the massive desk . 
 `` i would like to speak to you alone . 
 i understand your fear , josephine . 
 i am your father and i assure you no harm will come to you . 
 stefan , please leave us . '' 
 stefan 's sparkling blue eyes turned into icy glaciers as he inclined his head to my father . 
 he leaned and pressed a kiss to my forehead while his mental voice entered my thoughts . 
 `` i can hear you from the other floors . 
 if you need me , call for me . '' 
 he left the room and i stood alone , facing the man that was my birth father . 
 his vivid red hair stood out in stark contrast to the paleness of his alabaster skin . 
 his attentive , green eyes seemed to take in my every movement . 
 `` josephine , please sit , '' kian said , gesturing to the chair opposite him . 
 gingerly easing down on the edge of the seat , i swallowed nervously . 
 i 'd waited for this moment my entire life , yet i could n't find it in myself to be happy . 
 something about kian made me uneasy . 
 he seemed too smooth and polished . 
 `` you wanted to see me ? '' 
 i asked as i tapped my fingers against the arms of the chair . 
 raising an eyebrow in contempt , i struggled to keep my voice level . 
 `` now that you have and i know who you are , there 's really nothing else to say . 
 i 'd like to leave with stefan unless i 'm a prisoner here . '' 
 he crossed his legs and attempted to arrange his face into a gentle smile . 
 i noticed that the sentiment never reached his eyes . 
 `` i can understand why you are angry with me . 
 all i ask is to speak to you for a moment . '' 
 sighing loudly , i stared down at the ornate rug for a moment before focusing back on my father . 
 part of me wanted to just refuse and get up and leave . 
 another part of me was interested as to what he had to say . 
 my curiosity won out over my stubbornness and i scooted back in the chair in surrender . 
 `` fine , kian . 
 what is it you wanted to talk to me about ? '' 
 my father leaned forward slightly , resting his forearms on his thighs . 
 `` you are happy with stefan . 
 i can feel the love between the two of you . 
 he had searched many years to find you , josephine . 
 his fated mate . 
 it was interesting to watch him on his journey to find you , '' kian mused as he threaded his fingers together and a grin pulled at the corner of his lips . 
 `` he never gave up on finding you . 
 others would have grown tired of the constant searching , yet he never did . 
 it speaks of his character . '' 
 fuming , i felt my cheeks flush with anger as my mind absorbed his words . 
 if possible , i was more livid than before . 
 not only did my father sit back and watch me struggle with my abilities , he let stefan continue his search for me when he knew exactly where i was all along . 
 i could add these things to my growing list of reasons to be suspicious of my father . 
 `` you knew all along that stefan would be my mate ? '' 
 i seethed . 
 the word `` mate '' felt odd saying it aloud for the first time . 
 `` why did n't you tell him where i was 10 years ago , kian ? 
 he spent so many years looking for me . 
 we wasted so much time . 
 it was time that we could have been together . '' 
 he smiled softly , his green eyes gleaming . 
 `` josephine , you were not ready to meet him . 
 you would have barely been 18 . '' 
 kian sat back in his chair . 
 `` i understand your frustration . 
 it must seem unfair that you spent so many unhappy years alone , my dear . 
 i am sorry that you suffered . 
 he was sorry that i suffered ?! 
 that 's the only apology he was willing to offer after abandoning me as an infant to strangers ? 
 `` i ca n't discuss all of that with you right now , kian . 
 it 's too much to take in . 
 i 'm tired and i just want to find stefan so we can leave . 
 we can talk about this some other time . '' 
 `` josephine , you have 28 years worth of questions . 
 when you are ready , we will talk . '' 
 he nodded in agreement and hesitated as if considering what to say next . 
 `` i am pleased he found you . 
 you complete each other . '' 
 shrugging , i gripped the arms of the chair . 
 i was almost ready to stand when a thought occurred to me . 
 kian was older than stefan and it made me curious to discover what he knew about him . 
 `` how long have you known stefan ? '' 
 `` i had not had the pleasure of meeting him until today . 
 however , i have known of stefan for 875 years . 
 he was steafedn hlifsteinn when he captured the board 's attention , a young vampire with powerful abilities and strength . 
 many years passed and his name changed with the times . 
 hence we have the stefan lifsten you know today . '' 
 `` steafedn hlifsteinn , '' i repeated softly . 
 my tongue struggled over the syllables of his name . 
 `` i feel horrible that i 've never asked him these things . '' 
 `` your love for him is new . 
 eventually you would have asked . '' 
 my father leaned over to softly stroke my cheek . 
 i unconsciously flinched at his touch , pressing my back deeper into the chair to put more distance between us . 
 `` i do not mean to scare you , josephine . '' 
 taking a deep breath , i forced myself to smile . 
 `` tell me more about stefan . '' 
 `` stefan , '' he said , tenting his fingers under his chin . 
 `` he was remarkable as a human , a protector of his family . 
 he was fortunate and came from what would have been a wealthy family during his human life . 
 he had an extraordinary way of predicting the plans of his enemies . 
 of course , we know why that is . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow , the red hair bright against the pallor of his face . 
 `` even his premonitions could not save him during his final human encounter . 
 he was fatally wounded in 1070 . 
 if solveig had not changed him , he would have bled to death on a cold spring night of that year . 
 do n't you see , josephine ? 
 my dear , he died that night to be reborn for you . '' 
 i let his words sink in for a moment . 
 had fate intervened almost 1,000 years ago , sparing the man that would be my soul mate ? 
 listening to my father tell his story made me grasp the enormity of stefan 's vision 200 years ago . 
 i attempted to swallow back the lump that had taken up residence in my throat , unable to control the hot tears that spilled from my eyes . 
 my father leaned forward again , only this time to offer me a crisp linen handkerchief . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i carefully took the tissue from him , dabbing at my eyes . 
 `` why did his maker choose to turn him ? '' 
 `` josephine , '' he chided softly . 
 `` vampires are not different from humans . 
 we covet the exceptional and beautiful specimens , choosing to change those that will make excellent additions to our race . 
 we too believe in survival of the fittest . '' 
 he rubbed a single finger across his chin . 
 `` stefan is a rarity even by today 's standards . 
 imagine seeing him during a time when beauty and intelligence was scarce . 
 solveig was lucky to have such a child , almost blessed when you factor in his invaluable ability . '' 
 `` his maker was lucky ? '' 
 the thought slipped out before i could stop it . 
 i vaguely recalled stefan 's words , explaining that his maker had been killed by the council . 
 i waited to see if my father would own up to solveig 's demise . 
 his expression became devoid of any expression , as flat as a mirror . 
 `` it is not my story to tell , josephine . 
 as his mate , you will share everything . 
 i am sure stefan will tell you when the time is right . '' 
 eyeing my father briefly , i was n't surprised that he had chosen to divert my question . 
 i abruptly changed the subject . 
 `` since i 'm his mate , i 'm going need to change to be with him . 
 i ca n't let him go , '' i whispered . 
 the thought of losing him was suddenly excruciating . 
 `` you are half-vampire , josephine . 
 you are immortal with some human frailties . 
 you can still die a human death , however you are more indestructible . 
 you will no longer age and you can stay by his side while still appearing human . 
 it is your choice now if you want to have him change you or remain as you are . '' 
 stunned into silence , i could only stare at him . 
 what do you say when you find out you 're immortal and would always look 28 ? 
 my mind flooded with questions that my father could n't answer , leaving my head spinning . 
 what did this mean for stefan and me ? 
 would he still want to change me ? 
 how am i going to explain this to georgia and anna ? 
 my stomach clenched as i thought of losing the only two friends i had , only to gain the love of what i 'd just discovered to be my immortal life . 
 my father picked up a cell phone and typed a message into the keypad . 
 he placed the phone back on the table beside of him and smiled at me again . 
 `` you have many things to consider , josephine . 
 do not worry yourself with the fine print . 
 look at all you have gained . '' 
 his eyes flickered to the doorway behind me , nodding . 
 `` come in , stefan . 
 my daughter is ready to leave . 
 i assume you have accommodations ? '' 
 stefan blurred to my side , kneeling at my feet . 
 i could n't refrain from running my fingers through his golden hair and caressing his stubbled cheek , finally rubbing my thumb across his lower lip . 
 he smiled the first genuine smile since i awoke , his face glowing as if lit from within . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 his eyes flickered from stefan to focus on me . 
 `` we will talk soon . 
 it was a pleasure to speak with you , my dear . '' 
 we were being dismissed . 
 i stood and reached for stefan 's hand , linking our fingers together . 
 i had only taken a few steps when i turned to face my father again . 
 he sat motionless , his eyes somberly watching us . 
 `` before i go , i have one more question , kian . 
 my mother . 
 who is she ? 
 and where is she ? '' 
 i asked , my words coming out in a rush . 
 my eyes searched my father 's face , surprised when his expression reflected the shock of my unexpected question . 
 `` your mother is gone . 
 she left me 28 years ago , '' kian replied . 
 his eyes drifted to his hands in his lap before meeting mine again . 
 `` she chose to leave us , josephine . 
 she chose to abandon her child and the husband she swore she loved above all others . 
 i do not wish to speak of her . '' 
 i swallowed roughly , glancing up at stefan . 
 his face was unreadable , his jaw clenching and unclenching as he considered kian 's words . 
 his right eyebrow quirked , confirming my suspicions . 
 he knew something was n't right with my father 's story . 
 `` i deserve to know her name , kian . 
 you owe me that much , '' i retorted quietly . 
 his hands squeezed the arms of the chair and his lips became a thin line . 
 anger lined his expressive face and his sparkling green eyes flashed with rage . 
 `` i will not speak her name . 
 do not ask me again . 
 we will talk soon . '' 
 stefan lightly squeezed my hand , giving me a non-verbal queue that it was time to leave . 
 i stared at my father for another few seconds before letting stefan tug me towards the elevator . 
 stepping inside , i met my father 's gaze as the doors closed . 
 his face was an unyielding mask as the door separated us . 
 `` that was unwise , josephine . 
 i understand that you are new to this world and the protocol that goes along with it . 
 angering a board member can have unpleasant ramifications . '' 
 stefan 's mental voice brushed softly into my thoughts as the elevator began its descent . 
 `` you sound like you 're reciting a passage from a rule book , stefan . 
 i deserve to know who my mother is , stefan . 
 he owes me that much , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` what i think and what kian thinks are very likely two different things , vackra . 
 he makes the rules and it is my job to enforce them . 
 he is not a human that can easily be manipulated and controlled , josephine . 
 he has ordered the deaths of many of my kind without a second thought or a moment of remorse . '' 
 stefan turned slightly to face me . 
 he ran the back of his fingers across my cheekbone and looked at me with regret . 
 `` you have questions that need answers . 
 we will find them . 
 together . '' 
 the elevator doors opened into the garage area , effectively ending our non-verbal conversation . 
 walking side by side , we headed through the room to a large door . 
 stefan paused and pulled his sunglasses from his pocket and swiftly placed them on , covering his eyes . 
 he opened the door and we were met by brisk air , sunshine and traffic . 
 the air was filled with the smells of the city : car exhaust , asphalt and the aroma of different foods , spilling out from neighboring restaurants . 
 my mind was flooded with visions and emotions of the people that passed by us on the street . 
 slamming my mental shields into place , i inhaled a shaky breath . 
 being in the presence of vampires had caused me to lower my guard since they were mysterious voids to me . 
 it was another advantage of being in a relationship with a vampire . 
 i did n't have to buffer my mind from unwanted intrusions . 
 `` stefan ! 
 josephine ! '' 
 we turned in unison to see nigel approaching us . 
 he was n't as tall as stefan , but was more solidly built than him . 
 nigel 's long , tousled light brown hair was shining in the sunlight and his kind , hazel eyes were covered with sunglasses . 
 he inclined his head as he stopped to stand in front of us . 
 `` i have your car waiting for you with your luggage inside . 
 is there anything else i can do to be of assistance ? '' 
 nigel questioned . 
 `` that should do , nigel . 
 thank you , '' stefan answered , extending his hand to him . 
 nigel shook stefan 's hand and his sunglass covered eyes focused on me . 
 `` josephine , it was a pleasure meeting you . 
 we will see each other again under better circumstances , i hope . '' 
 i glanced up at stefan , and he nodded in response . 
 nigel led us to the silver mercedes sedan and opened the door for me . 
 i sank into the leather seat and nigel leaned down slightly as he reached to shut the door for me . 
 he paused for a moment before he quietly spoke . 
 `` i loved your mother . 
 she was nearly as beautiful as you , josephine . '' 
 `` my mother ? 
 you know who my mother is ? '' 
 my voice came out like a strangled shriek as i grabbed at nigel 's arm . 
 `` later . '' 
 nigel gently pulled his arm away from my grasp and closed the door . 
 my eyes were locked on his face as we pulled away from the carriage house . 
 `` stefan ? 
 you have to go back . 
 i have to talk to him ! '' 
 i was frantic to go back to find out the information nigel had about my mother . 
 `` soon , josephine . 
 i promise that you will find out everything . 
 you must be patient . '' 
 stefan drove quietly through the heavy traffic . 
 he dodged and changed lanes frequently , heading down west 28th street towards chelsea . 
 stefan turned and we drove into underground parking , pulling into an assigned parking space . 
 he gracefully unfolded his large frame from the car , stopping long enough to pull our bag from the trunk . 
 he made his way around to my door , opening it gallantly for me . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 i asked as i pulled myself from the car , slamming the door behind me . 
 stefan pressed a button on the key fob and the car alarm chirped twice . 
 stefan was silent as he turned , heading towards the elevator . 
 he punched a code into the keypad by the elevator and the doors separated quietly . 
 he stepped inside , jerking his head backwards for me to join him . 
 sighing heavily , i followed and moved to stand beside him . 
 he reached a long arm over to press ' 8 ' on the panel and the doors closed and the elevator quietly began moving , a small ding chiming as it passed each floor . 
 it rocked to a stop on the eighth floor , the doors opening to plush carpeting and beige walls . 
 he exited the elevator to the right and i trailed behind him as he sauntered down the short hallway to 8b , pulling a key out of his pocket , unlocking the door and opening it . 
 he stood in the doorway , a smirk settling over his handsome face . 
 `` are you going to come inside our home or would you like to meet our neighbor ? '' 
 i jumped in surprise at his casual mention of referring to this apartment as ours . 
 faltering for a second , i finally was able to get my feet to cooperate and move . 
 `` our neighbor ? 
 whose apartment is this ? '' 
 stepping inside the spacious living room , i took in my surroundings . 
 the entire living room and kitchen was a wall of windows , offering a fantastic view of the nearby gallery district and the highline . 
 the furniture was modern and sleek , the apartment decorated in neutral shades of cream and beige , accented with bright splashes of red and turquoise . 
 a giant fireplace with built in bookshelves lined one wall . 
 `` this is my apartment , which is now yours as well . 
 it is something more for us to discuss later , yes ? 
 stefan asked as he shut and locked the door behind him . 
 he turned to face me with a smirk . 
 `` would you like the grand tour now ? '' 
 pursing my lips , i ran my fingers through my hair . 
 `` by all means . 
 lead the way . '' 
 stefan walked through the living room and kitchen which led into a hallway . 
 i should have been paying attention to the house , but i was more interested in staring at the muscles in his broad shoulders and his taut ass as i followed closely behind him . 
 `` eye fucking me already , josephine ? '' 
 he tossed a leer over his shoulder . 
 `` this is the office . '' 
 he motioned to a room on my right . 
 `` guest bathroom , laundry room . 
 and finally , this is our bedroom . '' 
 he stalked into the spacious room , dropping our suitcase on the dresser . 
 plopping down on the king size bed , i braced my arms behind me and watched as stefan crossed the room and flicked a switch on the wall . 
 chocolate brown motorized curtains closed across the wall of windows , darkening the bedroom . 
 he blurred to my side and lounged on the bed beside me , propping his head on one of his large hands . 
 i relaxed my arms and lay back on the bed , staring up at his handsome face . 
 he stretched across to kiss me gently before reluctantly lifting himself from the bed . 
 `` you need to eat . 
 shower and i will order food for you , '' he murmured . 
 he stood and lingered in the doorway for a moment . 
 `` the bathroom is fully stocked . 
 come and find me when you are finished . '' 
 he disappeared down the hallway . 
 with a tired groan , i got to my feet and wandered into the master bathroom , removing my wrinkled blouse and letting my jeans pool around my feet . 
 i turned on the shower , adjusting the temperature before stepping in . 
 i made short work of washing my hair and body , relieved to finally wash the grime of the last two days away . 
 it was tempting to stand under the streams of hot water until it ran cold , but tension and fatigue were slowly creeping up on me , making my vision blurry and my eyelids heavy . 
 stepping out of the shower and quickly toweling off , i grabbed a comb off the vanity and ran in through my long hair . 
 i glanced at my reflection in the large mirror and the realization that this face would be staring back at me in 20 years hit me like a ton of bricks . 
 no more worry about laugh lines , crow 's feet and sagging skin . 
 that revelation was quickly tempered by knowing that in a few years i 'd have no more anna or georgia in my life as my friends . 
 they 'd never understand why stefan and i did n't age . 
 hell , i did n't understand it and i was living it . 
 tearing my eyes away from the mirror , i walked into the bedroom and slumped down on the bed . 
 sighing , i fell back and closed my eyes against the hot tears that were stinging my eyes . 
 i just wanted to lay here for a moment and get myself together . 
 just a few moments of peace to get the scramble of my mind back in order . 
 the quietness and darkness of the room had other plans for me , and i drifted off into a dreamless sleep . 
 * * * `` pad thai with shrimp or pad sew with chicken ? 
 i was unsure of which you would prefer so i ordered both . '' 
 stefan did n't look up from his laptop as i padded into the kitchen wearing one of his dress shirts as a nightgown . 
 he was seated on a swivel bar stool at the counter , his fingers flying over the keyboard , making me wonder how the computer could keep up with the speed of his keystrokes . 
 he glanced at me over the screen , the corners of his eyes crinkling as his handsome face broke into a wide smile . 
 `` pad thai . '' 
 i opened the takeout container and unwrapped the wooden chopsticks . 
 walking around the island , i sat down beside of him on a matching stool . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` anything for you , vackra , '' he said . 
 he swiveled in his seat to face me . 
 he was shirtless , only wearing black silk sleep pants . 
 my eyes had a mind of their own as they traced across his broad chest , following the long expanse of his finely muscled arms . 
 how was i lucky enough to wake up to this for the rest of my life ? 
 `` what are you working on , my sexy man of intrigue ? '' 
 i asked as i popped a shrimp into my mouth . 
 as i chewed , i watched amusement flicker across his face . 
 he raised an eyebrow at me and closed the laptop . 
 `` business e-mails . 
 how are you feeling , josephine ? '' 
 turning my neck from side to side , i stretched . 
 `` physically , i feel much better . 
 i 'm clean , rested and not hungry thanks to you . '' 
 i picked at my pad thai . 
 `` mentally , i 'm still trying to come to terms with feeling like my entire life has been a lie . 
 i find out that my birth parents abandoned me , i 'm some weird vampire hybrid and my father is one of the most powerful vampires in existence . 
 the only bonus is that you 're still here . '' 
 `` and you are here with me . 
 as far as what happened with your father , i can only sympathize with you . 
 if i am to be completely honest , i am happy you are some ` weird , vampire hybrid ' . 
 that means i get to keep you for an eternity . '' 
 placing my thai food on the granite countertop , i scooted closer to him and rested my head against his cool shoulder . 
 forever with the love of your life ? 
 how many people get that opportunity ? 
 pulling back and placing a kiss against his bicep , i sighed with contentment as i felt the weight of his head against mine . 
 `` do you have any idea what nigel knows about my mother ? '' 
 `` nigel is an honest vampire . 
 he is undecided on what he wants to tell you about her . 
 i would believe in whatever he chooses to tell you . '' 
 stefan 's cool breath tickled my scalp . 
 `` if you have no reservations , i would like to stay in new york for a few days . 
 i have business matters to attend to and we can meet with nigel . '' 
 `` that 's fine with me . 
 do you have council business ? '' 
 stefan released a deep sigh . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` is this some sort of top secret business you ca n't tell me about ? 
 if we 're going to be together you need to tell me what 's going on . 
 no secrets . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i only worry about how you will react to this information . '' 
 i gave his shoulder an affectionate shove and rolled my eyes . 
 `` is it worse than finding out you were a vampire ? 
 i think i took that information in stride . '' 
 it was his turn to roll his eyes . 
 he leaned over to nip at my neck with his teeth . 
 `` no , it is not worse than the night you discovered i was an immortal creature that longed for your blood . 
 it is about my business holdings and what that means for us . '' 
 why would his business holdings have anything to do with me ? 
 they belong to him and should be no concern to me . 
 reading my thoughts , his blue eyes searched my face . 
 `` you are my mate , vackra . 
 everything i have is yours now . '' 
 he stood and walked down the hallway and disappeared into his office . 
 he sauntered back into the kitchen , his silk sleep pants resting low on his hips , showcasing the deep v that disappeared into the drawstring waist . 
 he placed a thick manila envelope in front of me and patted it with his large hand . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 i looked up at him suspiciously . 
 `` open it , '' he commanded as he sat back down beside of me . 
 shooting him a look of irritation , i opened the envelope and pulled out another portfolio with lm holdings incorporated embossed across the front in bold script . 
 as i opened the folder , i flipped through the stack of papers . 
 page after page listed his assets : the building in which i was currently residing and two other properties in soho and tribeca . 
 business properties in the financial district . 
 assets in los angeles , chicago , paris , london , milan , indonesia and stockholm . 
 completely overwhelmed , i scanned them quickly , completely bypassing the bank statements . 
 i 'd finally reached the end of the stack when i noticed three credit cards with my name on them : a black american express , a platinum visa and what appeared to be a bank debit card . 
 `` what the hell , stefan ? 
 i do n't need your money , '' i huffed , slapping the cards down on the counter . 
 pushing my stool away from the island , i made my way to the windows , taking in the sunset as it dropped behind the new york skyline . 
 `` i know you do not need my money . 
 you have already given me your love and commitment . 
 the least i can do is share what i have with you . 
 is that not the way a relationship works ? '' 
 angrily spinning around to face him , i saw the questioning look on his face and the irritation and fight drained from me . 
 how could i argue with his logic , no matter how old-fashioned it seemed to be ? 
 he loved me , we were together and he wanted to do this for me . 
 it was n't worth the argument . 
 `` then it works the same for me . 
 whatever i have is yours as well . '' 
 i did n't have much to offer him . 
 i owned my villa in bali , had a sizeable trust fund and book advances . 
 it could n't compare to his financial portfolio , but it was something . 
 `` josephine , if it makes you happy , then i will agree on one condition . '' 
 stefan had moved from his stool to stand behind me at the windows , wrapping his strong arms around my shoulders and pulling me against his chest . 
 uh oh . 
 a condition . 
 i was n't sure i liked the sound of that . 
 `` and what is your condition ? '' 
 `` that 's all you want ? 
 for me to live with you ? '' 
 i stammered . 
 i expected more from him , some complicated stipulation that would put me on the offense . 
 once again , he surprised me with how little he wanted from me . 
 and i was once again stunned at how much more i would be willing to give him . 
 `` that would be a good beginning point . 
 there are many benefits to us living together , josephine . '' 
 i felt his quick fingers begin to unbutton my shirt . 
 his voice was sensual and smooth as he leaned to whisper against my ear . 
 `` we can do this . 
 whenever we want ... wherever we want . '' 
 his hands shoved the shirt over my shoulders and it dropped to the floor around my feet , leaving me naked against him . 
 my overheated skin came in contact with his much cooler flesh , sending a crackle of energy between us . 
 he wound my long hair in one of his hands , pulling my head slightly back to rest against his chest . 
 his lips lowered to my neck and he ran his tongue slowly up the length of my neck , tasting me . 
 he did n't stop until he licked over the shell of my ear . 
 i shivered against him and a low moan slipped past my lips , a husky helpless sound of want . 
 his hard cock pressed against my back and i unconsciously pushed back against him . 
 `` de saker du g?r f?r mig och vacker , '' he murmured softly . 
 he still had the presence of mind to translate for me . 
 `` the things you do to me , beautiful one . '' 
 he released my hair and spun me around to face him . 
 i looked up , marveling at the magnificence of the man in front of me . 
 his blue eyes had darkened like the ocean at night and his lips were slightly parted . 
 stefan 's golden hair had fallen forward over his forehead as he captured my lips in a demanding kiss . 
 his mouth opened against mine and his tongue boldly swept in , effectively igniting a fire that spread through my blood like wildfire , burning me alive from the inside out . 
 feeling wetness pool between my thighs , i pushed him back against the wall with strength i did n't know i had , pulling my mouth from his . 
 `` you 're overdressed for the party , ? 
 lskling . '' 
 i watched as his already dark eyes glazed over as i spoke to him in his native tongue . 
 gripping the drawstring to his sleep pants , i untied them and pushed them over his hips . 
 my hands slid up his muscled stomach to lightly caress his chest . 
 i licked one nipple and moved to the other , laving it with my tongue . 
 i closed my mouth over it , lightly biting him . 
 `` fuck ! 
 i want more of that . 
 harder , '' he growled . 
 his blond head dropped back against his shoulders , lost in a combination of agony and ecstasy . 
 feeling powerful and sexy , my mouth continued an assault on his chest , my tongue traveling over the sharp lines of his collarbones . 
 i nibbled his skin with my teeth , making him cry out in pleasure . 
 i ran my palm down his body and gripped his cock in my hand , lightly stroking the length of his shaft . 
 his hips jutted towards me , encouraging me to continue . 
 stefan grabbed another handful of my hair and turned us around so i was pinned between himself and the wall , the predator inside of him resurfacing . 
 my hand tightened around him as my teeth finally broke through the skin around his nipple , drawing blood . 
 `` du kommer att vara d?d f?r mig , '' he muttered , reaching between us and pulling my hand away from his cock . 
 he wrapped his arms around me and lifted me , my legs winding around his waist . 
 he impaled me with one swift thrust , his hips pressing me against the wall as he pounded inside of me . 
 `` do n't you fucking stop , stefan . 
 i need you , '' i whimpered , tightening my arms around his neck , my fingernails digging into his shoulders . 
 he increased his speed at my words , his cock completely filling me with every stroke . 
 our bodies moved together as one and stefan plunged relentlessly inside of me . 
 i answered each of them with wanton enthusiasm , my breathing coming in sharp gasps . 
 `` i will never stop . 
 aldrig ! '' 
 stefan warned , his handsome face intense as his hips battered into me . 
 `` i have you for an eternity . 
 tell me that you will be mine forever . '' 
 my back arched into him , shamelessly pressing my breasts deeper into his chest . 
 i cried out in pleasure as he ruthlessly fucked me . 
 `` tell me . 
 i will not ask again . '' 
 `` i 'm yours , stefan . 
 forever , '' i sobbed , offering my neck to him in surrender . 
 i felt him throb inside of me at my words and offering . 
 i instinctively reacted by clamping around his cock . 
 he released a guttural moan , burying his face into the crook of my neck . 
 his fangs scraped against my skin before they sank into my willing flesh . 
 my inner walls rhythmically tightened around him as i tumbled over the edge . 
 my climax triggered his and he emptied inside of me , carefully withdrawing his fangs from my neck . 
 his mouth was bloody as he crashed his lips into mine , collapsing to his knees , sliding us down the wall to the floor . 
 i was wrapped around him and he was still buried inside of me , his breath uneven against my face . 
 `` jag kommer att ? 
 lska dig f?r evigt , josephine . 
 en evighet ? 
 r inte tillr?ckligt l?ng f?r oss . '' 
 stefan 's mind voice was reverent as it entered my thoughts . 
 he lifted his mouth from mine and his eyes were liquid with emotion . 
 one of my hands moved to caress the skin over his stubble cheek , my fingers trailing down the side of his face to follow the curve of his chiseled jaw . 
 i leaned in slightly to press a kiss against the cleft in his chin . 
 `` translation , please . '' 
 his face relaxed into a smile as he adjusted his body , moving me to sit on his lap . 
 `` i told you that i will love you forever , josephine . 
 an eternity is not long enough for us . '' 
 `` i love you . '' 
 i nuzzled my face into his chest . 
 when stefan said something so incredibly sweet it always rendered me almost speechless , amazed that he was mine and we were together . 
 stefan stood , carrying me bridal style down the hallway to the master bedroom . 
 he turned on a lamp by the bed and pulled the covers back . 
 we fell to the bed and he rolled over me , caging me in his long arms and legs . 
 his velvet skin rubbed against mine seductively as he peppered kisses over my face and neck . 
 things were just starting to get interesting when he released me and fell to my side . 
 `` why are you stopping ? '' 
 i groaned in frustration . 
 he rolled to face me , propping his head up in one of his hands , the muscles in his arms and shoulders rolling with the movement . 
 he grinned and the light from the lamp cast interesting shadows across his handsome face . 
 i traced the contours of his handsome face with my eyes , across the lines of his high cheekbones and slightly crooked nose . 
 unable to resist the call of his lips , i raised my head up slightly to kiss him . 
 his free arm pulled me closer to him and he eased me back down on the bed , deepening the pressure with his strong , firm lips . 
 one of my legs snaked around the curve of his taut ass and my hands went to his hair , my fingers tangling in the silky , blond strands . 
 a growl vibrated soft and low in his throat as he reluctantly dragged his lips away from mine . 
 `` seductress , '' he teased . 
 he did n't move , he kept me pinned underneath him . 
 `` i 'm obviously not doing a very good job if we 're still talking , stefan , '' i pouted . 
 he reached over me to turn out the light and i panicked , grasping his arm tightly as tears filled my eyes . 
 `` no ! 
 leave on the light ! '' 
 he froze and stared down at me , confusion flashing across his face . 
 `` you are afraid ? '' 
 his eyes searched mine and i swallowed back a sob , trying to look away . 
 his hand grasped my chin and forced me to look at him . 
 `` josephine ? '' 
 my mind drifted back to the carriage house and the darkness in my mind where i 'd retreated . 
 at the time , i was afraid he 'd be an illusion . 
 his presence and voice were the only thing that kept me anchored to reality . 
 it would have been so easy ... shaking my head slightly , i pulled myself from the memory . 
 he was still watching me , reading my thoughts as the memory had played back through my mind . 
 his bewildered expression changed to one of anger . 
 `` i will not let anything happen to you , vackra . 
 i will never leave you . 
 never . '' 
 `` i 'm just being silly , stefan . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 `` you are not fine . 
 a person that is ` fine ' does not react the way you just did to something as simple as turning off a lamp . 
 why are you frightened ? '' 
 stefan asked pointedly . 
 `` tell me what you are not letting me see . '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 i feebly tried to wiggle away from him . 
 he applied more of his weight to me , effectively holding me in place . 
 `` stefan , move . '' 
 `` i am not moving . 
 start talking , '' he ordered , his voice terse . 
 `` if i remember correctly , you said that if things were going to work between us we needed to communicate . 
 you are not communicating with me . '' 
 damn stefan and his vampire memory ! 
 i hated to admit that he was right . 
 i had told him when we were still in bali that we had to be honest with each other . 
 `` alright , i 'll tell you . 
 when i blacked out , i was afraid everything was a dream or a fragment of my imagination . 
 i could n't move or communicate and i would have flashes of memories . 
 you were by my side the whole time and your presence in my mind is what kept me here . 
 i was scared i 'd wake up and you 'd be gone . '' 
 i sighed in defeat . 
 `` are you happy now , mr. total disclosure ? '' 
 he frowned and shook his head . 
 `` no , i am not happy to know that you are frightened . '' 
 he rolled back on his side and paused for a moment , running his fingertips across my lips . 
 `` would you like to know what i was thinking as i watched you lay on that fucking couch ? 
 for the first time in my existence , i felt helpless ... i wanted nothing more than to see your green eyes staring back at me . 
 i searched for centuries for you and you were lost to me . 
 i can protect your body . 
 how can i fight off the demons in your mind ? '' 
 he was off the bed and darted to the window , pushing the motorized curtains open . 
 the lights of new york twinkled in the background and he stood with his back to me , frozen in front of the window , as beautiful as a finely-sculpted statue . 
 i rolled over on my stomach and rested my chin in my hands . 
 `` you ca n't protect me from everything , silly . 
 and you 're making a mountain out of a mole hill . '' 
 he whirled around to face me , his face was terrifyingly stunning in his anger . 
 `` as your mate it is my job to protect you . 
 everyone else is meaningless to me , josephine . 
 if i were to lose you now my life is forfeit . '' 
 `` do n't talk that way . 
 if something would happen to me , i want you to be happy , '' i whispered , shivering at the thought of stefan just giving up and asking to be killed if something were to happen to me . 
 he darted back to the bed , his chest heaving with emotion . 
 `` you do not get it , do you ? 
 i only existed on this earth prior to meeting you . 
 you have made me feel more than i did even during my human life . '' 
 his cell phone rang , shrill in the quietness of the bedroom . 
 he ignored it , still focused on me . 
 hoping to change the subject , i glanced at his phone on the dresser . 
 `` are n't you going to answer that ? '' 
 his eyes unfocused and he spoke in a monotone voice . 
 `` it is nigel . 
 he wants to arrange to see us . 
 he has information for you . 
 is that phone call more important to you than our conversation ? '' 
 stefan pulled away from me and stalked naked out of the bedroom . 
 i heard the door slam to his office and i pulled the pillow over my head , groaning loudly . 
 leave it to me to fuck up a heart-to-heart conversation when the love of my life offered me his heart on his sleeve . 
 wrapping the sheet around me , i walked out of the bedroom and hesitated outside of his office door . 
 taking a deep breath , i nervously turned the doorknob and pushed open the door to his office . 
 `` stefan ? '' 
 his back was to me at his desk , his shoulders tight as he flipped through e-mail after e-mail . 
 he ignored me and continued tapping away at his computer . 
 i held the sheet with one hand and walked to his side of the desk . 
 i sat down on the edge of the desk and scooted between stefan and the laptop . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i brushed my fingers through his hair . 
 his sea blue eyes shifted to meet mine . 
 he did n't move , but he was at least acknowledging me . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 you know how i feel about you . 
 you 're everything to me . 
 i 'm just not good at this relationship stuff , stefan . 
 i 'm still learning . '' 
 he nodded and buried his face against my chest , wrapping his long arms around my waist . 
 we sat like this for a long time , his face pressed between my breasts as i methodically stroked his hair . 
 finally breaking the silence , i spoke quietly . 
 `` come back to bed . 
 all of this can wait . '' 
 he pulled away from me and stood , offering me his hand . 
 taking it , i followed him back to the bedroom , watching as he spread his lean body across the king sized bed and stretched his arms out for me to join him . 
 i unwrapped myself from the sheet and snuggled beside of him . 
 smiling gently , i reached behind me and turned off the light . 
 stefan 's eyes met mine in the darkness of the room , his eyes filled with unspoken questions . 
 `` i 'm not afraid anymore . 
 i have you to protect me . '' 
 a beautiful smile broke across his face . 
 he slid down the bed , once again wrapping his muscular arms around my waist . 
 his head rested above my stomach and he clung to me , softly humming against my skin . 
 `` i have to leave you for a few hours tomorrow . 
 i do not want to ; however while i am here in the us there are things i need to attend to , '' stefan murmured . 
 `` i will be back by evening . '' 
 `` ok . 
 be safe and come back to me , '' i replied , mimicking his lilting voice . 
 stefan snickered . 
 `` that is my line , vackra . 
 i love you . '' 
 not another word was spoken the rest of the night . 
 we lay together in silence , holding each other and watching the night sky change from shades of gray , morphing into light blue as morning broke over the new york skyline . 
 stefan finally pulled himself away from me to shower . 
 i listened to the water running and lightly dozed off , the sound of the shower lulling me to sleep . 
 the feel of stefan 's lips pressing against mine awakened me . 
 i opened my eyes to see his face inches above mine , the smell of his expensive cologne , woodsy and sensous , filling my nose . 
 `` i am leaving , josephine . 
 i love you . '' 
 stifling a yawn , i wrapped my arms around his neck , hugging him tightly . 
 `` as i love you . 
 hurry home . '' 
 he stood , towering over the bed . 
 he was smartly dressed in an expensive black suit and white shirt , unbuttoned at the collar . 
 his blond hair was still damp and finger combed away from his face . 
 a red silk tie hung over his broad shoulder . 
 he closed the curtains and headed for the door , looking back at me and winking . 
 i listened as the apartment door closed and the locks slid into place . 
 snuggling into my pillow , i fell asleep dreaming of stefan and the possibilities of what we could do with that red tie . 
 * * * papers rustling loudly was the first thing i heard . 
 sinking my head deeper into the pillow , i tried to slip back into sleep . 
 it was quiet for a moment and then i heard a bored sigh and the paper crackled again . 
 turning over , i gasped when i saw lukas propped up on the pillows next to me , flipping through a magazine . 
 his thin lips were pursed and his pale , aristocratic face was twisted in annoyance . 
 `` lukas ! 
 what are you doing here ? '' 
 i screeched , pulling the covers higher to cover my breasts . 
 `` reading this month 's cosmo and waiting for you to wake up . 
 i was reading the article on the top 10 ways to blow your lover 's mind . 
 been there , done that . '' 
 he gave an exaggerated yawn . 
 he closed the magazine , placing it on his lap and flashed me a dazzling smile . 
 `` josie , darling . 
 i missed you . '' 
 `` lukas , what are you doing here ? '' 
 i repeated . 
 i could hear the aggravation creeping into my voice . 
 it was way too early for lukas . 
 he stuck out his lip in a pout . 
 `` you wound me . 
 you 're awfully grouchy , josie . 
 are you missing stefan 's massive throbbing cock this morning ? '' 
 `` lukas ! '' 
 i groaned . 
 i felt a blush spread over my face and chest . 
 `` fine , fine . 
 i 'm here to babysit you for a little while . 
 and to take you shopping . 
 we 're in new york city , baby . '' 
 lukas clapped his hands and bounced up from the bed . 
 he went to a bag and pulled out a pair of jeans , a black tank top and a black cardigan sweater . 
 `` this will have to do until we can get you some better clothes . '' 
 `` babysit ? 
 stefan made you fly all the way from indonesia to babysit me ? '' 
 i was fuming at stefan . 
 i did n't need a babysitter . 
 i was a 28 year-old woman . 
 half-immortal woman , i mentally corrected myself . 
 he sat back down on the bed and clasped my chin , forcing me to meet his icy stare . 
 `` first things first , josie . 
 stefan did n't make me do anything . 
 you just had some scary shit happen , girlfriend . 
 stefan thought it would be better if you were n't alone and i agree with him . 
 you should n't be by yourself right now . 
 besides , we 're neighbors . 
 my flight got in last night and i heard the two of you christen the living room . 
 i did n't think you had it in you . '' 
 he fanned himself with his hand . 
 lukas ' reasoning made the indignation about being watched fly out the window . 
 stefan was being proactive by having lukas here in his absence . 
 shaking my head and laughing in spite of myself , i pulled the covers even higher . 
 `` can you give me a little privacy so i can get ready ? '' 
 `` i 'll be in the living room picking up your clothes . 
 you know , the clothes that are strewn all over the living room from your sexcapades . '' 
 lukas grabbed his issue of cosmo , grinned impishly and blurred out of the room , closing the door behind him . 
 pulling myself from the bed , i padded into the bathroom and turned on the shower . 
 i jumped in and lathered up with stefan 's soap and took an extra few minutes to wash and condition my hair . 
 i hurried out of the shower and dried off . 
 plugging in the hair dryer , i blew my hair out straight and dabbed on some lip gloss . 
 i dressed quickly in the outfit lukas chose for me headed out into the kitchen , immediately noticing the smell of coffee hanging in the air . 
 searching for the source , i saw a starbucks coffee cup sitting on the counter along with a blueberry muffin . 
 i felt some of my earlier aggravation at lukas drift away . 
 `` i did n't know what you wanted . 
 it 's black coffee . 
 there 's coffee creamer in the refrigerator and sugar in the cabinet . '' 
 lukas said . 
 he was sitting on the couch , flipping through his magazine again . 
 `` thanks . 
 sorry i was so grouchy earlier . '' 
 `` no worries , sweet cheeks . 
 anna and georgia are worried about you , by the way . 
 i told them you were vacationing with stefan , '' lukas replied , not looking up from the pages . 
 `` shit ! 
 i should have called them . 
 things happened so fast i did n't think to let anna or georgia know i was leaving . 
 did they buy it ? '' 
 i nervously bit my lip . 
 `` no does n't begin to cover it , '' lukas shrugged , glancing at me . 
 he was quiet for a moment . 
 `` have you given any thoughts about moving away from bali ? '' 
 `` moving away ? '' 
 i echoed , opening the lid of the coffee cup and adding sugar and half and half . 
 i opened a few drawers until i found the silverware and stirred my coffee with a spoon . 
 i took a deep drink and sighed in relief . 
 `` you ca n't stay in bali forever , josie . 
 you wo n't be aging anymore . 
 anna and georgia are both smart enough to figure out something is n't right . 
 unless you plan on telling them ... or changing them . '' 
 lukas voiced my biggest concern and further drove the point home to how problematic my life had become . 
 i knew when i decided to be with stefan , it would complicate things . 
 the knowledge of my new found immortality made the complex situation even more precarious . 
 `` talk to stefan , josie . 
 he only came to bali to find you , '' lukas said . 
 `` i know him well enough that he 'd live in an igloo in alaska if that 's what you wanted . 
 he 's pussy whipped . '' 
 lukas threw down his magazine and stood up to cross the room to the island , his clever eyes noticing the folder of paperwork stefan had presented me with last night . 
 he cocked an eyebrow at me and opened it to peek inside , reaching in to retrieve the three credit cards with my name on them , laying them out across the granite counter . 
 he walked to his messenger bag and pulled out a pen . 
 he zipped back over to me and held the pen out to me . 
 `` what do you want me to do with that ? '' 
 i asked curiously . 
 `` sign the back of the cards so we can go shopping . 
 stop avoiding what you are and who you are going to be . 
 you 're involved with one of the richest vampires i know . 
 if you fight him on this , it 's only going to accomplish two things : piss him off and hurt his feelings . 
 neither is pleasant , believe me . '' 
 `` i know . 
 it just seems like i 'm giving up . '' 
 my shoulders drooping in defeat , i grabbed the pen from his hands and signed my name on the back of all three cards . 
 as i opened my purse to put the cards inside of my wallet , a thought popped into my head . 
 `` the name of his company is lm holdings . 
 if the l if for lifsten , what does the m stand for ? '' 
 lukas smiled sweetly at me as he linked arms with me , leading me to the door . 
 `` sweetheart , you are n't giving up . 
 you 're being smart . 
 and the m stands for meijer . 
 i 'm his business partner . '' 
 * * * spending the day shopping with lukas was like running a marathon . 
 he was a non-stop bundle of energy , dragging me from store to store . 
 the advantage to shopping at upscale stores is that when you spend enough money , they are more than willing to deliver your packages to you without a blink of an eye . 
 by the time we made it home , it was late afternoon and lukas thoroughly checked out every room of the apartment before leaving me to go next door . 
 i had just plopped down on the couch when my cell phone rang . 
 georgia . 
 grimacing , i knew i could n't avoid this phone call forever . 
 i 'd listened to 10 voice mails from georgia and anna , their messages becoming increasingly more snappish and curt as they received no response from me . 
 `` hello , georgia . '' 
 there was silence on the line for a moment . 
 `` well , hello to you josie . 
 i 'm glad you finally decided to answer your phone . 
 some of us have been worried about you . '' 
 stifling a sigh , i gripped the phone tightly . 
 `` we 've been traveling and i just turned my phone back on today . 
 how 's bali ? '' 
 `` how 's bali ?!? how 's bali ?! 
 that 's all you have to say ? 
 anna and i have been worried sick about you and you ask how bali is ? '' 
 georgia 's voice was getting louder and the tone of her voice was climbing in anger . 
 `` i 'm sorry you 've been worried . 
 i 'm fine . 
 we 're in new york city right now . 
 lukas is here too . '' 
 i rubbed the back of my neck with my free hand . 
 `` we 'll be heading back to indonesia in a few days . 
 stefan just has to wrap up some business first . '' 
 another pause on the line and i could hear her inhale loudly . 
 `` you 're gon na leave us , are n't you ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 georgia ? '' 
 `` you 're gon na follow him wherever he goes . 
 he has you dickmatized . '' 
 `` dickmatized ? 
 are you sure you and lukas are n't related ? 
 he told me stefan was pussy whipped earlier . '' 
 georgia barked out a laugh and then the line went silent again . 
 `` good try at attempting to change the subject on me , chick . 
 i do n't think so . 
 you can avoid answering me , but i know you 're leavin ' . '' 
 `` we 'll be back in a few days . 
 tell anna i said hi . '' 
 `` tell her yourself . 
 she 's your friend too , '' georgia retorted sharply , then sighed heavily . 
 `` shit , josie . 
 i 've got ta go . 
 see ya . '' 
 `` bye , georgia . '' 
 staring at the phone , i wondered if she was right . 
 was i already subconsciously preparing myself to leave bali and live a life of anonymity with stefan ? 
 i 'd only escaped to indonesia to seclude myself away from visions and if i was completely honest , feeling anything . 
 stefan had swaggered into my life and heart and now i did n't feel the same need to hide anymore . 
 sinking down on the couch , i placed my phone down on the ottoman and stared out the windows . 
 georgia was way too perceptive for her own good . 
 the phone rang again and i glanced at the phone , beaming as i saw stefan 's name show up on the caller id display . 
 `` hey , '' i murmured into the phone . 
 just hearing his voice made me feel better . 
 `` ah , vackra . 
 hearing your voice is a welcome relief . 
 i was calling to tell you that i should be home in the next hour or so . 
 if you are not too angry with me for leaving you with lukas , do you feel like going out for dinner ? '' 
 i could almost hear his smile through the phone . 
 lowering my voice seductively , i murmured softly to him . 
 `` are you asking me on a date ? '' 
 he laughed loudly , the sound deep and rich . 
 `` even though i think we are past the dating phase , yes . 
 consider this my attempt at wooing you . 
 dress to impress , josephine . 
 i will see you soon . 
 jag ? 
 lskar dig . '' 
 i 'd been around stefan long enough to begin to start picking up on his swedish . 
 `` love you too . '' 
 he hung up and i held the phone against my chest for a moment . 
 shaking my head at my own sappiness , i dropped the phone on the couch , hurrying down the hallway to get ready . 
 sorting through the garment bags on the bed , i smiled when i picked out the dress i 'd wear for stefan tonight . 
 dress to impress indeed . 
 * * * i was putting on my earrings in the mirror when i heard him clear his throat . 
 turning to face him , my breath caught in my throat . 
 he was standing the doorway to the bedroom , still dressed in his expensive black armani suit . 
 it exaggerated the impressive width of his shoulders , tailored to fit him like a second skin . 
 his white dress shirt did little to conceal the muscles in his broad chest and when he slipped his hands into his pants pockets , his gold cufflinks twinkled in the bright lights in the bedroom . 
 he looked like sex incarnate , and he was all mine . 
 `` as usual , you look exquisite . '' 
 his blue eyes swept over me , lingering on my breasts and hips to finally caress over my legs in my high heels . 
 the chocolate brown knit dress i had chosen to wear had three-quarter length sleeves and ruched details on the side , giving the hemline an asymmetrical hemline . 
 it clung to every curve i had and the matching shoes added almost five inches to my height . 
 `` i could say the same for you . 
 you look too handsome for your own good . '' 
 i almost sprinted across the room to him , reaching up to adjust his red silk tie . 
 his blond hair gleamed against the blackness of his suit and as my hands slipped under his jacket to run over his chest , his blue eyes were glowing with undisguised want . 
 `` shall we go ? 
 it is time for me to suitably woo you . 
 i do have an ulterior motive , '' he confessed . 
 he ran his fingertips over the swell of my breast and down the curve of my side sensuously , his eyes never leaving mine . 
 `` an ulterior motive ? '' 
 i eagerly licked my lips at the thought of those very fingers running over my naked body . 
 frissons of fire and ice ran up my spine and my pulse flickered and leaped from his touch and my vivid imagination . 
 one side of his mouth raised in a sexy grin as he dragged me roughly against him , his large hands gripping my ass possessively . 
 `` i always have an agenda . 
 you are so sexy , josephine . 
 you do not even realize the power you have over me . '' 
 looking at him with wide eyes , i let out a shaky breath as he placed his forehead to mine . 
 his soft lips brushed over my cheeks and a low growl rumbled in his chest . 
 he reluctantly pulled away from me and he tucked my hand in the crook of his arm , guiding me down the hallway to the living room , my heels clicking over the wooden floors . 
 he chivalrously opened the door for me and we headed towards the elevator . 
 he pushed the down button and we stood in silence , waiting for the car to arrive . 
 the elevator opened and we hurried inside . 
 as the doors closed and we began our descent , stefan turned towards me and captured my lips in a feather-light kiss , then lowered his mouth to my neck , his cool breath whispering over my skin . 
 i was lost in him , surprised when his voice floated into my mind . 
 `` come . 
 we need to hurry . 
 we have reservations to keep . '' 
 he directed us through the lobby and the doorman opened the door for us , slightly bowing as we exited the building . 
 stefan steered us towards a black sedan at the curb , the doorman following behind us to open the rear door for me . 
 i slid into the back seat of the car , gliding across the soft , buttery leather . 
 i watched as stefan folded his large frame into the seat beside me and the door closed behind him . 
 `` 349 w. 46th street , '' stefan said to the driver . 
 the car smoothly pulled away from the curb and i was left looking at stefan with a mixture of wonder and admiration . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i asked as we drove along , the lights from the traffic and street lights flickering over the planes of his chiseled face . 
 `` swing 46 . 
 dinner and dancing counts as a suitable date , yes ? '' 
 stefan questioned as he tapped his fingers on his thighs . 
 he seemed nervous and unsure of himself for the first time this evening . 
 amused at his obvious discomfort , i nestled against his side . 
 `` you did fine . 
 and yes , it counts . '' 
 tucked away in the corner at swing 46 , we were hidden from the prying eyes of other patrons , making it easier for stefan to maintain his fa?ade of acting human . 
 i 'd finished dinner and was sipping a glass of white wine , enjoying the soulful sounds of the singer performing . 
 she was singing renditions of ella fitzgerald , etta james , and billie holiday . 
 stefan was holding my hand across the table , his thumb tracing patterns on the top of my hand . 
 the dim lighting and candlelight made him appear more mysterious and preternaturally beautiful than usual . 
 strains of the very thought of you had just begun to play . 
 i was startled when he suddenly stood , smoothly drawing me to my feet and leading me in the direction of the dance floor . 
 he wrapped his right arm around my waist and took my hand in his , tugging me close to him . 
 my other arm reached up to rest across his wide shoulders as he slowly whirled me around the dance floor , his movements effortless and polished . 
 his breath tickled my ear as he hummed along with the music . 
 when he began to sing in my ear as he pulled me closer , the sound of his smooth voice made my stomach clench . 
 `` the mere idea of you ... the longing here for you ... you 'll never know ... how slow the moments go ... till i 'm near you . '' 
 drawing in a shaky breath , i turned my head slightly to meet his eyes . 
 the raw emotion that he revealed to me was so powerful that it shook me to my very core . 
 if it was possible to fall in love with him even more , i think i did in that moment . 
 my eyes filled with tears as we effortlessly moved together in time to the music . 
 `` if there was a song that was written that describes how i feel for you , this would be what i would write , josephine . '' 
 speechless , i could only nod and swallow back a moan . 
 `` stefan ... '' the song came to an end but he did n't let me go . 
 he held me until the next song started , the seductive sound of at last filled the room . 
 stefan quickly flicked his wrist and spun me away from him , only to quickly pull me back to his chest in one fluid motion . 
 our bodies were molded together and it still was n't close enough to suit me . 
 his right hand began drifting lower to cup my ass and he brought the hand he held to his lips , his mouth cool against my skin . 
 i could feel the outline of his fangs against my hand , aware of his presence in every pore of my body , his nearness , the scent of him , the coolness of his skin . 
 it was almost too much to bear ... the song finished and he brought both of his hands to cradle each side of my face . 
 his eyes searched mine for a moment before he lowered his lips to mine . 
 his mouth was firm and strong as he kissed me deeply . 
 i savored the taste of him , losing myself in the moment , standing in the middle of a dance floor in new york city . 
 he smiled against my lips and sighed . 
 `` are you happy , vackra ? '' 
 his voice drifted through the haze of my mind . 
 `` have i wooed you ? '' 
 `` yes ... i think you 've wooed me , romeo . 
 take me home . '' 
 stefan glanced at me and nodded , pulling his cell phone from his jacket . 
 he typed out a text message before dropping in back in his pocket . 
 we stopped by our table to pick up my clutch and slowly made our way out of the club . 
 by the time we climbed the steps to the street level , the black sedan was waiting for us at the curb . 
 he opened the door for me and i got in , glancing over my shoulder to watch as he walked to the other side of the car to slide in beside me . 
 `` 261 w. 28th street , '' stefan said . 
 he pressed a button that raised the tinted partition up between the back seat and the front of the car . 
 when he twisted to face me , his eyes were burning devilishly . 
 his large hand disappeared under the hem of my dress , creeping up the inside of my thigh . 
 my legs instinctively parted for him and he turned , placing one knee down on the floor of the car , angling his body closer to me . 
 pushing my panties to the side , he slipped two of his long fingers on the outside of my folds , spreading the slickness of my arousal over my clit . 
 a lustful cry fell from my lips as i watched him pleasure me , growing more excited when he thrust his fingers inside of me , curling them upwards as he slid them in and out . 
 his eyes flickered up to meet mine and his lips parted , exposing the tips of his fangs as he watched me writhe . 
 i arched my back , pressing my pussy into the heel of his hand . 
 he would bring me to the edge of orgasm , only to back off and gently stroke me . 
 this mind-jumbling torture went on for blocks until we pulled up in front of our building . 
 his fingers slipped from inside of me and he adjusted my panties as if he 'd never touched them . 
 he placed both of his fingers that were coated with my juices in his mouth , slowly licking them with his tongue . 
 `` we are home , vackra . 
 come with me . '' 
 with a wink , he was out of the car . 
 on fire for him , i rushed out of the car and took his hand , intertwining my fingers with his as we walked into our building and waited for the elevator . 
 the doors had barely closed when i lunged at him . 
 slamming him against the metal wall of the elevator , i showed him that i wanted him with a ferocity that both excited and terrified me . 
 my hands savagely pulled at his tie and my fingers were frantic as they struggled to unbutton his shirt . 
 i grabbed the lapels of his jacket , pulling his face down to mine . 
 my lips collided against his , my tongue forcing its way inside his mouth . 
 his mouth was equally as hungry , his skilled lips taking control . 
 a low , rumbling growl shook his chest as we came to a halt on our floor . 
 stefan backed us out into the hallway , our passionate kiss never breaking . 
 he smoothly pushed me against the wall on one side of the hall and i pressed back , knocking him to the other side . 
 he somehow had the presence of mind to find his keys , swiftly opening the door . 
 we stumbled inside , our arms and legs tangled together . 
 we were a blur as we struggled for dominance in our need to make love . 
 our hands were in perpetual motion , stripping away the layers of our clothing as we continued our frenzied dance . 
 his suit jacket fell in the living room , my shoes were haphazardly kicked aside in the kitchen . 
 his dress shirt and tie landed in the hallway and my dress ended up in the doorway of our bedroom . 
 our mouths were relentless as we devoured each other with mindless , drugging kisses that left me shaking , breathless and craving more . 
 `` you told me i suitably wooed you , josephine . 
 now i am going to properly fuck you . '' 
 i broke free from his grasp and backed away until i was on the opposite side of the bed , moving faster than i ever had before . 
 cocking my eyebrow in defiance , i crooked a finger at him , motioning for him to come to me . 
 only the city lights from the wall of windows illuminated the room as he swaggered towards me , looking like a sinister angel , fallen to earth to tempt me . 
 the pale muscles in his chest and arms flexed as he unbuckled his belt and pulled it from his pants , dropping it to the floor . 
 his eyes were predatory as he watched me , his fingers twitching in anticipation . 
 i knew if he chose to , he could have me pinned to the bed before i could even react . 
 stefan was enjoying the chase , like a lion stalking a gazelle . 
 i heard him flick open the button on his pants and the zipper lower slowly , the fabric rustling as it slipped over his narrow hips . 
 his smile was wicked and sexy as he crawled across the bed towards me , hooking a finger underneath the front of my bra , pulling me to him . 
 stefan 's eyes drifted to my breasts before lifting his gaze to meet mine . 
 his tongue swiped across his lower lip . 
 `` playing hard to get , vackra ? '' 
 `` would you like me to ? '' 
 i asked saucily . 
 threading my fingers through his hair , my hands stopped at the nape of his neck . 
 i tugged his head back , exposing the long stretch of his throat to my eyes . 
 he swallowed unevenly and his body tensed beautifully , every muscle contracting . 
 lowering my lips to his chest , i licked across his collar bones , up the length of his neck to the curve of his jaw . 
 i loosened my grip on his hair and his eyes met mine again , the blue eclipsed by the blackness of his pupils . 
 he smiled wickedly , his fangs fully exposed . 
 without another word , his finger snapped the lacy fabric apart . 
 he crawled closer and his tongue flickered out to lazily lick circles around my nipple , causing a shiver to run down my back . 
 he turned his attention to the other , but instead of feeling his tongue , his fangs sank into my skin and he swallowed hungrily . 
 my body responded to his bite , arching against him and arousal flooding my panties . 
 when he withdrew his fangs and his arms blurred to grab me , i had no time to respond . 
 when i saw the smug smirk on his face , i realized much too late that the aggressor had become the prey . 
 stefan had me pinned to the bed and he moved to straddle me , his long , powerful legs on both sides of my thighs . 
 his fingers started their path at my cheekbone , down my jaw to caress the side of my neck where he could feel my pulse racing from his touch . 
 his heavily hooded eyes watched the vein throb for a moment before he resumed his exploration , outlining the curve of my breast and running his palm over my ribs . 
 my chest heaved in anticipation as his hand dropped lower to ghost against my stomach , casually running a finger over my panties . 
 they were soaked , and when he ripped them from me , i let out a soft cry of surprise . 
 `` shh ... '' stefan 's voice floated through my thoughts . 
 he shifted to move between my legs and he stretched over my body , his hard cock pressing against my thigh . 
 he brushed my hair away from my face and kissed me with long , sensuous kisses . 
 when he entered me , he was gentle , his hips erotically rocking against mine . 
 he was making love to me like he was worshiping my heart , my soul and my body . 
 every kiss he placed upon my lips was languid and reverent . 
 `` stefan ... love you . 
 so much . 
 too much ... '' he opened his mind to me , and i experienced every emotion and sensation he was feeling as if it were my own . 
 i could feel his lust and it threatened to pull me into the abyss with him . 
 he compared being inside of me to the sweetest torture he had ever known , torn between wanting to pleasure me and possess me . 
 and the love he felt ... it was like nothing he could equate it to . 
 he felt as though i 'd destroyed him , turning everything he knew and understood upside down and inside out . 
 `` it 's what i feel for you , stefan ... you 've ruined me too . '' 
 my hands ran over the tight muscles of his back , exploring every dip and curve as they tensed and relaxed with each of his powerful thrusts . 
 as much as i wanted to have this moment last forever , i knew i would n't last much longer . 
 i felt myself begin to tighten around him , clenching his cock . 
 i exploded around him and i seized underneath him , my fingernails raking jagged scratches across his back . 
 i cried out his name , that i loved him and i could n't live without him . 
 and as i felt his orgasm overtake him , his head collapsed against my chest , letting out a ragged sob . 
 his arms enveloped me , holding me against him as if his very life depended on keeping me captive in his embrace . 
 `` stefan ? 
 what just happened ? '' 
 i pressed a kiss against his temple . 
 `` i 'm right here . 
 you can let me go . '' 
 he shook his head stubbornly against my breast . 
 he rolled to his back and pulled me on top of him , his arms still wrapped around me . 
 wiggling slightly so i could rest my head against his shoulder , i studied his profile . 
 his eyes stared at the ceiling and his handsome face looked troubled , tiny lines deepening around the corners of his eyes . 
 `` it is as i thought . 
 you have shattered me , '' he whispered . 
 `` you have torn me apart and i do not know how survive without you . 
 my heart , my existence is solely in the palm of your beautiful hand . 
 imagine , living almost 1,000 years on the earth to discover that one woman will be the very death of me . '' 
 stefan arms went limp and i slipped to the bed . 
 sitting at his side , i stared down at him . 
 he turned his head to look at me , his blue eyes boring into mine , stormy and terrified . 
 i went to touch his face and his hand blurred to encircle my wrist , ceasing my movement . 
 dread crept over my body like ice . 
 `` what does that mean ? 
 you 've broken me too , stefan . 
 there 's no one else for me . '' 
 `` it means that my fate is tangled with yours . 
 that if you would die tomorrow , i would seek out a way to end my life . 
 it means that i cherish you above everything else , that i love you desperately , '' stefan admitted , sitting up beside of me . 
 `` do you understand ? 
 there is no me without you . '' 
 my eyes glazed over as his words sank in . 
 he had described exactly how i felt . 
 `` two parts of a whole , '' i murmured weakly . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , stefan . 
 so very sorry . '' 
 i lowered my head and my hair fell over my shoulders , shrouding my face . 
 he reached over and pressed a finger under my chin , tilting my face up to him . 
 `` never be sorry , vackra . 
 not about this . 
 i love you . 
 today , tomorrow , for an eternity . 
 f?r evigt . '' 
 as if admitting his feeling resolved his inner turmoil , his face finally relaxed into a smile . 
 `` i have something for you . '' 
 he dashed from the bed to the dresser and pulled out a long , black velvet jewelry box . 
 he sauntered back and sat back down beside me , leaning over to press a kiss on the tip of my nose . 
 he placed it on my leg and anxiously waited as i reached down to pick the box up with trembling fingers . 
 flipping open the case , i inhaled abruptly as i admired the long gold chain and ancient looking pendant that gleamed against the velvet . 
 it was a crude carving of a man and a woman facing one another . 
 stefan reached over and picked up the necklace , his eyes taking on a distant look as he held the pendant in his hands . 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' i stammered . 
 he placed it around my neck and it came to rest just above the swell of my breasts . 
 my fingers unconsciously reached up to stroke it as i leaned forward to kiss him softly . 
 `` what does it mean ? '' 
 `` it is one of the few possessions i have from my human life . 
 it depicts the courtship of freyr and gerda . 
 they were from different worlds , yet freyr still fell in love with gerda . 
 she at first spurned his affections , saying she could never love him because of what and who he was . 
 she conceded in the end . '' 
 stefan 's finger rubbed over the pendant . 
 `` while you never spurned my affection , we come from different times and different worlds . 
 it is a token of my commitment and love to you . '' 
 `` stefan , i do n't know what to say . '' 
 i moved to sit astride him , nestling against him . 
 `` you only need to tell me that you love me and you are mine . 
 that is all i ask from you , vackra . '' 
 kissing his muscled chest , i draped my arms around his neck . 
 `` i love you , stefan lifsten . 
 i am yours , '' i paused and took a deep breath . 
 `` and i 'll move in with you . 
 you 'll be sick of me . '' 
 stefan gripped my arms and pulled me back so he could look in my eyes . 
 pure happiness radiated from his face , his handsome face glorious . 
 he crushed me back against him , his strong arms holding me in a tight embrace . 
 `` i will never tire of you . '' 
 i yawned against him and laughter resounded deep in his chest . 
 `` i have worn you out . 
 come , you need to sleep . '' 
 he released his hold on me , letting me shift to slip under the covers . 
 stefan smoothly stretched out beside me , spooning his large frame behind me . 
 i relaxed against him , the vibration of his humming lulling me to sleep . 
 * * * i awoke early to find stefan still in bed , his arm tight around my waist . 
 rolling over to my back , i noticed the gold of the necklace he had given me late last night around my neck . 
 running my fingers over the pendant , i sighed happily . 
 `` what has you so happy this morning ? '' 
 stefan mumbled sleepily . 
 he opened one blue eye to look at me . 
 `` you . 
 us . 
 everything . '' 
 i sighed again . 
 `` i 'm so happy here . 
 being with you takes away all of the noise . 
 i do n't feel the same urge to hide anymore . '' 
 `` are you saying you want to live here in new york ? 
 with me ? '' 
 he rested his head on his arm as he stared at me . 
 his voice sounded hopeful . 
 `` yeah , i think i do . 
 but i 'm going to miss georgia and anna . '' 
 `` they can always visit . 
 i own many properties all over new york city . 
 i can easily find them suitable accommodations . '' 
 smiling , i leaned over to kiss his lips and smoothed his messy blond hair back from his eyes . 
 `` have i told you how much i love you today ? '' 
 `` you have not . 
 however , i would rather you show me . '' 
 he waggled his eyebrows suggestively . 
 seeing him do something as simple as eyebrow waggling made my heartbeat increase and desire to coil deep in my stomach . 
 it was amazing the effect he had on my body . 
 shoving him to his back , i straddled his hips , rubbing my wet pussy over his large cock , delighting in feeling the hardness of his arousal , now hot and slick with my juices . 
 i braced my hands on each side of his blond head on his pillow , my nipples dragging across his chest . 
 his hands stroked my ass and tenderly gripped my hips , our lips meeting in a soft kiss , our tongues colliding together sensuously . 
 lowering myself slowly over him inch by inch , i groaned as i impaled myself on him . 
 `` fuck me , josephine . '' 
 using my hands as leverage , i plunged myself over and over on his length , crying out in pleasure . 
 stefan was moaning loudly as i increased my speed , his head arcing back on the pillow . 
 he had just grabbed my hips when we heard a sharp knock on the apartment door . 
 my movements ceased and stefan bucked against me , urging me to continue . 
 `` do not stop . 
 ignore the door . 
 they will come back later . '' 
 `` stefan , someone is at the door . 
 do n't you think we should see who it is ? '' 
 `` i could care less who is at our door . 
 i care more about this . '' 
 he flipped me to my back and hooked my knees the the crook of his arms . 
 he slipped back inside of me and began building speed , the headboard to the bed banging loudly against the wall . 
 he was so deep that i ached in a delicious sort of way , making me forget to breathe from the sensation . 
 `` kan inte f ? 
 nog av dig . 
 din hud , din ber?ring . 
 jag vill ? 
 ta upp dig levande , '' he muttered softly . 
 the muscles in his neck and shoulders were tight as he claimed me , his hips hammering into me , his pubic bone rubbing against my clit , causing me to cry out with his every thrust . 
 moaning loudly , i felt my climax begin to build . 
 `` do n't stop . 
 i 'm so close ... '' `` oh for fuck 's sake . 
 do the two of you ever stop fucking ? 
 there are dents in the drywall in the hallway and it looks like your closet exploded in the apartment . '' 
 stifling a scream , i looked over stefan 's shoulder to see lukas standing in the doorway of our bedroom . 
 he looked bored as he examined his nails and then glanced in our direction . 
 stefan was still buried inside of me and i hastily tried to cover my nakedness with my hands . 
 stefan shifted so he covered my body with his . 
 `` lukas . 
 if we do not answer the door , there is a reason . 
 unless you suddenly feel the urge to watch , leave us . '' 
 he threw lukas a scowl over his shoulder . 
 `` uh , thanks but no thanks . 
 nigel was next door . 
 he wants to speak to both of you . 
 he said he 'd come back later . '' 
 lukas wrinkled his nose in distaste , lowering his head and looking at the floor in submission . 
 `` i do not care who was here to see either of us . 
 leave . '' 
 lukas scurried from the room . 
 stefan released my legs and wrapped them around his waist , sighing in frustration . 
 his voice was deep and gravelly when he finally spoke , and his eyes were still dark with need . 
 `` i still want you . '' 
 tightening my legs around him , i pulled him to me . 
 `` i still want you . '' 
 grinning lazily , his hips began to move , much slower than before . 
 his forearms rested on each side of my head and his mouth closed over mine , pressing open mouthed kisses against my lips . 
 `` att vara inuti dig ? 
 r sublime . 
 du ? 
 r mitt hj?rta , min sj?l . 
 min enda k?rlek . '' 
 his thoughts drifted into my mind . 
 i could n't understand him , but it did n't matter . 
 just the sound of his heavily accented voice caused desire to course through my body and i cried out in completion , tumbling over the edge of ecstasy . 
 stefan plunged faster inside of me until i felt him swell and pulse , bellowing as he came inside of me . 
 his big body curved protectively , commandingly around me . 
 our eyes met , and when i gazed into his eyes , i could see the future so clearly . 
 this beautiful man , this immortal vampire was my other half , the missing puzzle piece that finally completed me . 
 reading my thoughts , he closed his eyes and rested his forehead against mine . 
 `` ah , now you finally understand . '' 
 * * * i lounged on the couch , trying to concentrate on reading a book while nursing a cup of coffee . 
 stefan sat with my feet in his lap as he scanned his e-mails on his iphone , occasionally sighing or tightening his lips in aggravation as he would read and then quickly type out a response . 
 it was just another moment that made me realize how truly lucky i was . 
 his golden hair gleamed in the sunlight , his pale skin almost appearing dewy . 
 he was dressed only in tight , faded jeans and was shirtless and barefoot . 
 he felt my eyes on him and he smiled , not looking up from his phone . 
 `` you 're beautiful , you know that ? '' 
 i asked , wiggling my feet on his lap . 
 `` what is it you say to me ? '' 
 he looked up and tapped a finger on his chin . 
 `` ah , you are biased . '' 
 snorting softly , i nudged him with my foot . 
 he resumed tapping away on his phone for a few minutes until he suddenly stopped , glancing up from his phone and raising an eyebrow . 
 `` nigel is here . '' 
 seconds later a knock sounded on the door . 
 tossing my book on the ottoman , i jumped up to answer it . 
 nigel stood on the other side , looking embarrassed . 
 if a vampire could blush , he would be . 
 he averted his hazel eyes to look at something over my left shoulder to avoid my gaze . 
 `` come in , nigel . '' 
 i fully opened the door to let him enter . 
 he nodded and entered , standing silently with his hands clasped . 
 i pushed the door closed and leaned against it for a moment . 
 suddenly i was a bundle of nerves as i anticipated what information he had about my mother . 
 i watched his obvious discomfort grow when he saw stefan reclining on the sofa , his long legs stretched out in front of him , his ankles crossed casually . 
 `` come sit with me , vackra . '' 
 he patted his lap with his large hands in an enticing invitation . 
 i crossed the room to rejoin him on the couch , curling up in his lap and resting my head against his shoulder . 
 stefan 's finger ran up languidly up and down my spine , causing me to shiver and settle closer against him . 
 `` nigel . '' 
 stefan greeted him with a slight nod of his head . 
 `` stefan . 
 josephine . 
 i apologize for the earlier interruption . 
 your progeny assured me you were only sleeping . '' 
 stefan waved his hand in dismissal . 
 `` lukas is impetuous and makes it his mission to annoy me , and in extension josephine . 
 it is one of his gifts . '' 
 he motioned towards the chair across from him . 
 `` please sit . 
 you have information for josephine about her birth mother , yes ? '' 
 nigel nodded and ran a hand through his tousled , shoulder length brown hair . 
 `` before i go any further , i need your assurance that this information will not leave this room . '' 
 stefan glanced down at me , giving me a knowing look . 
 `` he is risking everything coming to us with this information . '' 
 i gave him a swift nod . 
 in other words , nigel would meet the final death if kian found out he spilled the beans . 
 `` consider our lips sealed , '' stefan assured him . 
 nigel took a deep , unnecessary breath . 
 his heavy australian accent was hypnotizing to listen to . 
 `` i met your mother 40 years ago . 
 she was barely 16 and was newly married to your father . 
 i was captivated by her gentleness and beauty . 
 i admired her from afar . '' 
 `` what was her name ? '' 
 i questioned , my voice coming out as a high-pitched squeak . 
 his face went blank as he lost himself further in his memories . 
 `` her name was armes . 
 she had long brown hair that hung in waves . 
 her eyes were the deepest blue i 'd ever seen . 
 she was very much in love with kian then ... '' stefan 's fingers twitched against my back as he interrupted nigel . 
 `` armes . 
 prophetess in welsh . 
 did she have any abilities ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 she could see the future and read minds . '' 
 gasping , i covered my mouth with my hand . 
 no wonder kian had watched me from afar for so many years . 
 i had the same ability as my mother and would be a valuable asset to him . 
 stefan patted my leg and gestured for nigel to continue . 
 `` kian coveted her abilities . 
 it only took 10 years for armes to tire of him and his manipulations and games . 
 he flaunted others in front of her , '' nigel swallowed , his adams 's apple bobbing in his throat . 
 `` one day she came to me and i will admit that did n't refuse her advances . 
 i loved her and had been in love her for many years . 
 we made plans to disappear and she confronted kian . 
 i never saw her again after that day . '' 
 you could have heard a pin drop in the room . 
 i did n't breathe until nigel began talking again . 
 `` kian informed all of the council that armes had left him and abandoned her family . 
 you were just a baby , josephine . 
 he thought it best if you were raised by a human family . 
 he claimed he wanted you to have a chance at a normal life . '' 
 `` where do you think my mother is , nigel ? '' 
 i whispered hoarsely . 
 `` i do not know . 
 i continue to look for her . 
 i hold on to the hope that she 's alive and content , even if that happiness comes from a man other than me . '' 
 `` do you truly think she left kian on her own and disappeared ? '' 
 stefan questioned . 
 `` at first , i was in shock . 
 i did n't want to believe she 'd leave without saying goodbye . 
 now i 'm unsure , stefan . '' 
 nigel folded his hands in his lap . 
 `` she may have wanted to leave the world of vampires behind . 
 i could understand why she would . '' 
 `` do you know anything else about her ? '' 
 i was desperate for information . 
 i wanted to know everything i could find out about her . 
 `` nothing else that will be helpful at this junction . 
 i wish i could tell you more . '' 
 nigel stood up and made his way to the door . 
 he turned and looked back at us , a wistful look on his face . 
 `` i meant what i said the other day . 
 your mother was almost as beautiful as you . '' 
 he looked at the floor before looking at us both . 
 `` cherish every moment you have with her , stefan . 
 take nothing for granted . '' 
 inclining his head , he slipped out the door , pulling it closed quietly behind him . 
 i sat unmoving on stefan 's lap , focusing on his fingers running up and down my back . 
 `` what do you think , stefan ? '' 
 he sighed heavily . 
 `` are you sure you want to know what i am thinking ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 you know more about this vampire stuff than i do . '' 
 `` i think your father is much more dangerous than i originally thought . 
 we must be on our guard at all times . 
 he will view you as a valuable tool in his arsenal . '' 
 stefan 's face hardened as he spoke . 
 `` do not meet him alone . 
 ever . '' 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 stefan wrapped his arms around me , pulling me against the coolness of his hard chest . 
 `` we go about our lives as normal . 
 we are heading back to indonesia in two days to prepare to come back here to live . 
 i can better keep my eye on what he is planning if i am closer to the council members . '' 
 i had unwittingly dragged him deeper into the ` vampire bullshit ' he despised so much . 
 how much more was it going to take until he said enough was enough and left ? 
 `` i will never leave you , josephine . 
 these are minor details , remember ? '' 
 i pulled back slightly and observed his face . 
 i could see his mind moving quickly , making calculations and playing out scenarios in his mind . 
 he was planning strategy , engaging in a complicated game of mental chess . 
 i would n't want to be a pawn in a game that he played . 
 he toyed with the necklace he had given me for a moment before meeting my eyes . 
 a roguish smile softened his face . 
 `` you would never be a pawn . 
 you would be my queen . '' 
 `` sweet talker . 
 do n't try to seduce me with your sexy talk . '' 
 i slapped at his chest playfully . 
 `` i speak only the truth . '' 
 he kissed me softly before gently moving me off of his lap . 
 `` i need to talk to lukas . '' 
 he stalked across the room and pulled open the door , the muscles in his back stretching as he moved . 
 `` stefan ? '' 
 i mentally called to him . 
 he turned to face me with one hand on the door , his face filled with curiosity as he stared back at me . 
 `` thank you . 
 for keeping me safe . 
 for loving me . 
 for risking your life . '' 
 a grin broke over his devastingly handsome face . 
 `` ah , i would do anything for you , vackra . 
 i will be back in a bit . '' 
 he waggled his eyebrows and shut the door behind him . 
 i fell back against the couch , covering my face with my hands as my mind tried to absorb all of the information i 'd learned . 
 with our time ticking down in new york before we started our journey back to bali , i found myself in a melancholy sort of mood . 
 as much as i loved the green lushness of indonesia , i 'd seen another side of stefan here in new york . 
 he seemed more alive and relaxed since we 'd been here . 
 maybe it was the anonymity of the city , the ability to fade into the obscurity of a crowd of people . 
 as i pictured him swaggering through my thoughts , i inwardly laughed . 
 stefan always stood out ; his inhuman beauty and grace always drew attention to him wherever we went . 
 it was hard to ignore the longing stares and feel the lust that followed him , as normal and natural as breathing . 
 stefan had left early in the morning to attend to errands and business issues . 
 with my mind still reeling from nigel 's confession and his information from my mother , i 'd wandered out to peruse the numerous art galleries within walking distance of our apartment . 
 i was standing in front of a painting , admiring the abstract shapes and bright splashes of color . 
 shades of red and blue tangled together and it was fascinating . 
 lost in the patterns , i jumped as a voice pulled me out of my musings . 
 `` it is a beautiful painting . '' 
 i froze in place and my throat went dry . 
 kian . 
 my father stood beside me and stefan 's words rang out in my head like an alarm bell . 
 do not meet him alone . 
 ever . 
 keeping my eyes locked on the painting , i shoved my hands into the back pockets of my jeans . 
 `` yes it is . '' 
 walking to the next painting , i did my best to hide my growing discomfort . 
 kian strolled behind me and stopped at my side again . 
 he brushed the arms of his expensive , italian suit and adjusted his tie before slightly rocking back and forth on the balls of his feet . 
 i was quickly losing my patience at the way he was following along behind me , like we were a happy little family and this was a fun little outing . 
 `` is there something you want from me , kian ? 
 `` i 'm just a father that is attempting to get to know his only daughter , my dear . '' 
 right . 
 grimacing , i clenched my teeth together . 
 `` i think you gave up that right a long time ago . '' 
 `` as i said before , i had no choice . 
 i could not raise an infant in a house filled with vampires . 
 i was abandoned and devastated when your mother left , '' kian said . 
 he attempted to arrange his features into a look of sorrow , yet it was obvious there was no real emotion behind his expression . 
 it made his words sound even more hollow to me . 
 internally rolling my eyes , i had to bite my tongue . 
 this little story he spun sounded rehearsed and contrived . 
 i think he enjoyed the romanticism of being the martyr in his warped version of the truth . 
 turning to face him , i crinkled my nose in disgust . 
 `` i know you mean well but i ca n't do this with you . 
 i ca n't pretend to care about you when i do n't have it in me to do it . 
 if you knew anything about me at all you 'd understand . '' 
 he reached out to stroke my arm . 
 `` give it time , josephine . 
 you will come to love me . '' 
 laughing bitterly , i shook my head . 
 `` you just do n't get it , do you ? 
 there is no gray area with me . 
 i either like you or i do n't . 
 i may have to tolerate you because of who and what you are , but that 's all it will ever be . 
 you 'll never be my father , kian . 
 the only father i knew died four years ago . '' 
 i watched as anger crept across his face , only to morph into a more tranquil expression . 
 `` you wound me with your words . 
 you have not given me the opportunity to prove to you that i care . '' 
 `` kian , i do n't want you to prove anything to me . 
 i want to be happy , to know that someone puts me ahead of an agenda . 
 i need someone to love me , not for who i am and not for what i can do , '' i said passionately , realizing i had just described how stefan felt about me . 
 despite standing in the gallery with my father , a warm feeling of love settled over my chest , enveloping me like a blanket . 
 kian only clasped his hands behind his back . 
 he seemed to notice my change in moods and he studied my face intently . 
 `` you are thinking about stefan . 
 he treats you this way ? '' 
 smiling softly , i reached to absently rub the necklace he had given me . 
 `` i do n't tell him enough , but yes . 
 he loves me more that i can ever explain to you . 
 and i love him more than i ever thought possible . 
 if i had to , i 'd kill to protect him . '' 
 i meant every word i said . 
 if it came down to keeping stefan safe or losing him , there was n't much i would n't do . 
 his vivid green eyes widened . 
 `` those are strong words . '' 
 shrugging , i tossed my reddish-blond waves over my shoulder . 
 `` i guess they are . 
 but if you 've ever truly loved someone , that 's how you feel . '' 
 zipping my leather jacket , i crossed my arms under my chest . 
 `` goodbye , kian . 
 i 'm going to ask you nicely to not follow me again . '' 
 i turned on my heel and started to walk away from him when i felt his hand on my elbow , pulling me back to him . 
 my eyes dropped to his hand before looking up to meet his unyielding stare . 
 `` little girl , you have no idea how to function in the world you are now part of . 
 there are rules , ways in which you behave . 
 you will not disrespect me . '' 
 `` disrespect you ? 
 i do n't even like you . 
 whose fault is it that i know nothing about what i am ? 
 i found out less than a week ago i 'm not even fully human , '' i hissed . 
 `` now take your fucking hands off of me . '' 
 his hand flinched away like i burned him , his mouth twisting into a sneer . 
 he leaned so close that i could feel his cold breath on my face . 
 `` you are so much like your mother . 
 willful and determined . 
 those two traits will either save you or destroy you . '' 
 thoughts of my mother drifted through my mind . 
 she 'd stood up to him , but at what cost ? 
 `` is that a threat , kian ? 
 if i do n't bow down to you , what are you going to do ? 
 threaten me ? '' 
 i questioned . 
 turning my head slightly to the side , i appraised him with contempt . 
 `` you seem to be the type . 
 smooth on the outside , covering up the ugly inside . 
 if you ca n't control me , what happens next ? '' 
 kian glanced around the gallery uneasily , smoothing his hand over his neatly styled bright copper hair . 
 `` i think you have me all wrong , my dear . 
 perhaps we got off on the wrong foot . '' 
 it was almost comical to watch him back pedal , seeing his obvious regret that he had shown the side of him that he tried to keep hidden away . 
 he was scrambling , trying to salvage what was left of our relationship and his crumbling fa?ade . 
 `` wrong answer . 
 i think i have you figured out , kian . 
 you 're a megalomaniac that just revealed how truly disturbed you are . 
 i 'm finished with this conversation , kian . '' 
 i backed away from him , my heels clicking on the concrete floor of the gallery . 
 when i pushed through the gallery doors , i walked calmly to the end of the block before breaking into a sprint , running two city blocks in my high-heeled boots . 
 when i saw our apartment building i almost cried in relief . 
 the doorman opened the door for me and i rushed past him , hurrying for the elevator while pulling out my cell phone . 
 quickly dialing the number , i did n't offer any greeting , just a breathless request . 
 `` please come home . 
 i need you . '' 
 the elevator ride seemed to take forever . 
 i nervously paced from one side to the other , growing agitated as it slowly moved through the floors . 
 lukas was the first thing i saw when the doors opened . 
 he was waiting for me when i stepped out of the elevator . 
 his patrician , handsome face was lined with concern . 
 his thin lips , normally pursed were now set in a thin line of worry . 
 he wrapped his arm around my shoulder in comfort as he ushered me towards the apartment . 
 `` he 's on his way . 
 sweetheart , what the hell happened ? '' 
 `` inside , '' i muttered , unlocking the door and pulled lukas with me . 
 my hands flew over the locks , sliding deadbolts closed and rattling the doorknob . 
 peeling my leather jacket off , i was still winded from my impromptu run . 
 i went to the kitchen and grabbed a bottle of water from the refrigerator , opening it and taking deep swallows . 
 `` josie , please start talking . '' 
 i sat the water down on the counter and had just opened my mouth to speak when the locks on the door began turning . 
 stefan burst into the room , looking around the anxiously until he found me standing in the kitchen . 
 he did n't acknowledge lukas ' presence . 
 he rushed to my side and jerked me in his arms , muttering inaudibly against my hair . 
 i clutched at him , my fingers twisting in his shirt . 
 the adrenaline rush that had propelled me to run had disappeared and i began sobbing , my knees giving out on me . 
 stefan sank to the floor with me , rocking me tightly against him . 
 `` lukas ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 stefan demanded harshly . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 she had n't had the chance to tell me anything . '' 
 `` kian , '' i sputtered . 
 `` stefan , let me show you . '' 
 giving him access to my memories , i replayed my confrontation with my father for him . 
 stefan stiffened against me and i looked up at his face . 
 his blond eyebrows were angry slashes over his glacial blue eyes . 
 his lips were pulled tightly back , exposing his teeth . 
 `` what ?!? will someone tell me what 's going on ? '' 
 lukas asked , tapping his foot impatiently . 
 `` josephine had an argument with her father . 
 he apparently followed her and confronted her , '' stefan said , placing a kiss against the top of my head . 
 lukas was on the floor beside us before i even realized he 'd moved . 
 his fangs had dropped and he looked terrifying , so unlike the sweet lukas i knew . 
 `` if that bastard even thinks he 's going to mess with her , i 'll end him , stefan . '' 
 stefan let out a resigned sigh . 
 he reached to place a hand on lukas ' shoulder . 
 `` no one is ending anyone , lukas . 
 only the game has changed . 
 we knew it would happen eventually . '' 
 he focused his attention back on me , smoothing my hair back from my tear-stained face . 
 `` vackra , did he harm you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but he 's a monster . '' 
 `` you are safe now . '' 
 he nodded towards lukas , who stroked my arm gently before rising gracefully to his feet and leaving the apartment . 
 stefan scooped me up in his arms and carried me into the bedroom , sitting me down carefully on the bed . 
 he motioned for me to lay down and he sat next to me . 
 he removed my ankle boots , placing them on the floor beside the bed . 
 he laid down beside of me , collecting me in the strong embrace of his arms , whispering against my temple . 
 `` han kommer aldrig att r?ra dig . 
 om det ? 
 r det sista jag g?r p ? 
 denna jord , kommer jag att d ? 
 skydda dig . 
 du ? 
 r mitt liv , min k?rlek . '' 
 i let out a shaky sigh as i breathed in the comforting smell of his skin . 
 `` when you speak in your native tongue , it sounds so beautiful . 
 what did you just say ? '' 
 `` you will not be happy with what i said . '' 
 i pushed against his chest . 
 `` i 'm already unhappy . 
 unless you just told me we 're over , i think i can deal with whatever you said . '' 
 stefan let out a weary sigh . 
 `` i used to be a much stronger vampire . 
 i give in to every whim , every request you have . '' 
 he smiled ruefully and rested his face against my hair . 
 `` i told you that he will never touch you . 
 if it is the last thing i do on this earth , i will die protecting you . 
 you are my life , my love . '' 
 letting out a dry laugh , i leaned back to look at his face . 
 his handsome face was lined with worry and a lock of his straight blond hair fell across his forehead . 
 i reached up to cup his cheek , my thumb tracing the taut skin over his cheekbone . 
 `` why are you laughing ? '' 
 `` i told kian that i would kill to keep you safe . 
 that if it came down to losing you or keeping you with me , i would do anything . '' 
 his eyes sparkled as he stared down at me . 
 `` you are my match in every way . 
 how i lived centuries without you mystifies me . '' 
 `` so let 's keep each other safe , ok ? '' 
 he nodded and grinned . 
 his hand started traveling down my back to cup my ass lightly , squeezing my one of my cheeks in his large hand . 
 `` did you actually call kian a megalomaniac ? '' 
 `` i took psychology courses in college , '' i retorted . 
 `` if the shoe fits ... '' `` dr. anderson , can you diagnose me ? '' 
 his voice was teasing as he kissed my nose and pressed a light kiss on my mouth . 
 i pecked at his lip with my teeth and he growled lightly as i drew blood . 
 i traced the outline of his lips with my tongue and licked the blood away , moaning softly at the taste of his bittersweet blood in my mouth . 
 `` you are a sexy beast with control issues . 
 you can be overbearing , dominating and scheming , '' i murmured softly . 
 stefan looked offended for a moment . 
 he started to speak and i pressed the tip of my index finger against his lips . 
 `` you also happen to be the most generous , wonderful , loving , over-protective vampire i know . 
 i love you , stefan . 
 until the stars stop shining . '' 
 `` you say things such as this and have the nerve to call me a sweet talker , '' stefan admonished and kissed me lightly . 
 `` promise me that if you go out you will take someone with you , either myself or lukas . '' 
 `` i promise . '' 
 * * * we 'd fallen asleep tangled in each other 's arms . 
 it was early evening and the room was glowing with the warm colors of sunset . 
 glancing at the clock , i wiped at the moisture that had beaded on my forehead . 
 i was cocooned in stefan 's arms and normally his cool body kept me comfortable , however our combined body heat had caused a sheen of sweat to dampen my clothing . 
 i placed my hand against his cheek , shocked to find his face warm underneath my palm . 
 i moved my hand to his arm and his skin felt the same : warm . 
 how had this happened ? 
 and why ? 
 `` stefan . '' 
 i shook his shoulder . 
 he groaned and slumped deeper into the pillow . 
 i shook him again . 
 `` stefan , you need to wake up . '' 
 he slowly opened his eyes , staring at me with unfocused eyes . 
 `` josephine ? '' 
 `` you 're warm ! '' 
 `` what are you talking about , vackra ? '' 
 rubbing his face with his hand , he was struggling to catch up . 
 `` something has happened . 
 when i woke up i felt like i was on fire . 
 you 're warm , '' i blurted out . 
 i probably was n't making a lot of sense . 
 `` feel me . '' 
 stefan was fully awake when i said that . 
 his look of confusion changed to a sultry smirk , his eyebrows waggling suggestively at my words . 
 `` i do n't mean what you 're thinking , romeo . '' 
 i smacked his arm in exasperation . 
 stefan sat up and massaged his arm where i hit him . 
 his eyes widened as he moved his hand from his arm to touch the side of my face . 
 his long fingers were tepid against my face . 
 `` i am not warmer . 
 you are the same temperature as me , '' stefan replied , his voice barely audible . 
 `` you are changing . '' 
 `` changing ? '' 
 stefan exhaled a heavy breath . 
 `` when we were at the carriage house and you were resting , kian told me that you would change to become more like a vampire . 
 my influence and blood has only accelerated the process . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 my response did n't sound very intelligent . 
 i really was n't sure what to say . 
 `` you are stronger . '' 
 he rubbed his arm again . 
 `` not so fragile and breakable . 
 i will not have to be as gentle with you now . '' 
 his unguarded thoughts flooded my mind . 
 he was imaging all the things he could do now that i was a much sturdier version of josephine . 
 `` what else is going to change ? '' 
 i bit my lip . 
 was i going to keep changing day by day ? 
 would i have fangs tomorrow ? 
 swallowing nervously , i tried to fight the panic that was rising inside of me . 
 i twisted my hands nervously in my lap as i glanced at him . 
 `` that i can not answer for you . 
 it will be fine , josephine . 
 you need to relax , '' stefan said soothingly . 
 his cell phone rang , shrill and loud . 
 he glanced at the screen and frowned . 
 `` this will just take a minute . '' 
 he left the room , muttering softly into the phone . 
 i heard him go into his office and i did n't think . 
 i just reacted . 
 i bent down to grab my boots and moved silently up the hallway . 
 grabbing my purse , i inched the door open and quietly stepped out into the hallway . 
 as i closed the door , i ran for the elevator , jabbing the down button repeatedly . 
 `` c'mon , c'mon , '' i grumbled , shooting an anxious look back at the apartment door , praying that it did n't open . 
 when the elevator finally arrived , i let out a sigh of relief . 
 and for the second time today , i ran . 
 * * * i ended up at a coffee shop in chelsea market , finishing my third cup of espresso . 
 it had done nothing to calm my nerves , only making me jittery and adding to my paranoia . 
 stefan had called my cell phone at least 20 times in the last hour , my phone chiming after receiving yet another voice mail message from him . 
 i was sure he was furious with me . 
 i was furious with me . 
 i had n't listened to any of his messages . 
 i could n't tolerate hearing the disappointment and fear in his voice right now . 
 my life had turned on its axis , spinning out of control , my mind was everywhere and nowhere at the same time . 
 i could n't stop the barrage of thoughts : my possibly dangerous and evil father , my missing mother , the knowledge that i had some sort of immortality , changing , stefan , moving and leaving behind two of my only friends ... i was scared to death , feeling like i was only holding on to the remnants of my old life by a thin thread . 
 and instead of relying on the one person that loved me the most , i chose to run . 
 pushing aside my cup with a sigh , i felt extremely silly and stupid . 
 my phone rang again and i closed my eyes . 
 i 'd been waiting on this phone call . 
 with shaking hands , i answered the phone . 
 `` anna ? '' 
 `` josie ! 
 thank god ! '' 
 anna yelled out in relief . 
 `` lukas just called me . 
 stefan is going crazy looking for you . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i figured as much . '' 
 `` ok , let me sit down for this . 
 what exactly happened ? 
 you need to tell me what 's going on . '' 
 running my hands through my hair , i rested my forehead in the palm of my hand . 
 `` where do i start ? 
 there 's a lot i ca n't talk about over the phone , anna . 
 everything is out of control . 
 imagine finding out everything you thought you knew about your life has been a big fucking lie . '' 
 `` i ca n't imagine what that would be like . 
 josie , did you ever think stefan might want to help you with this instead of me calling you to discuss your drama ? '' 
 anna asked pointedly . 
 `` if you 're going to be with him in a relationship , you ca n't take off running every time you get stressed out about something . '' 
 `` i did n't think anna . 
 i just ran . '' 
 `` hmm . 
 how 's new york ? '' 
 anna changed the subject abruptly . 
 `` loud . '' 
 i turned my head to the side as i shifted in my chair . 
 `` i thought i 'd hate being in the crowds , but it has n't been so bad . '' 
 there was silence on the line and i could hear the crackle of the long-distance connection . 
 `` what are you going to do now ? '' 
 `` oh anna , i do n't know , '' i whispered . 
 `` he 's probably going to be so pissed that he 's changed all the locks and my suitcase will be sitting by the door . '' 
 `` bitch , please . 
 that man loves you . 
 i 've seen it firsthand . 
 quit being melodramatic and get your ass in a cab and go home . 
 talk to him . '' 
 anna urged . 
 `` i 'm pissed that you left bali without saying goodbye , but we 'll talk about that later . 
 right now i want to you to fix the mess you just made , josie . 
 do n't make me come to new york . '' 
 laughing weakly , i fiddled with a spoon on the table . 
 `` alright , alright . 
 i 'm sorry about lukas calling and putting you in the middle of this . '' 
 `` that bitchy queen means well , '' anna snickered for a second and her voice became serious again . 
 `` i swear to god josie , if you screw this up with stefan i 'll kick your ass . 
 remember what it was like when you had your misunderstanding and you were apart ? 
 both of you were miserable without each other . '' 
 `` i know , '' i paused . 
 `` thanks , anna . 
 i 'll see you soon . '' 
 `` bye , girlfriend . '' 
 dropping my phone in my purse , i stared at the table . 
 anna was right , i needed to find a way to fix this . 
 pushing my chair away from the table , i hurried through the glass door and out onto the chilly night air . 
 hailing a cab , i slid inside . 
 `` 261 w. 28th street , please , '' i said loudly over the sound of the cab driver 's radio . 
 we drove through the traffic and i watched the city go by in a daze . 
 i had no idea what i 'd be facing when i got back to the apartment . 
 i rummaged through my purse for my cell phone and was tempted to listen to his voice mails . 
 losing my nerve , i figured walking into this blind was probably preferable . 
 the taxi pulled to a stop in front of the apartment building and i absently shoved money at the driver . 
 drawing in a deep breath , i flung my purse over my shoulder and walked up to the building , nodding wordlessly at the doorman who opened the door for me . 
 i passed an attractive couple getting out of the elevator as i was getting on and i nervously pressed the eight button . 
 smoothing my hair , i took a deep breath when the elevator doors opened on our floor . 
 i headed towards our apartment and gripped the doorknob lightly , startled to find it unlocked . 
 gradually opening the door , i walked in to find every light turned off . 
 my vision was sharper than before and i navigated easily through the darkness , closing the door and finding the counter to place my purse and keys on . 
 `` stefan ? '' 
 i called out . 
 my voice sounded louder than normal in the quiet apartment . 
 anxiously pushing my hair behind my ear , i stood quietly , listening for any sounds . 
 `` stefan ? 
 are you here ? 
 a light switched on by one of the armchairs closest to the windows . 
 stefan glared at me through narrowed eyes , his large frame slouched over in the chair , his fingers strumming restlessly against his muscular thighs . 
 his lips were pressed into a thin line , his blond hair ruffled from his hands running through it . 
 `` do you have any idea how worried i have been , josephine ? 
 i leave the room for a moment and you run from me . 
 i call you dozens of times and you ignore me . 
 explain what the fuck you think you were doing ? '' 
 stefan asked . 
 the accent in his voice was more pronounced , but he had no inflection in his voice . 
 he sounded exhausted , like he 'd been up for days . 
 nervously rubbing the toe of my boot against the wood floor , i looked out the windows , over his head . 
 `` i can only imagine what you were going through . 
 i 'm so sorry , stefan . 
 i just freaked out and i ran , '' i mumbled . 
 `` it 's not an excuse . 
 i was stupid . '' 
 `` you ignored my calls and spoke with anna though , '' he muttered angrily . 
 `` after your confrontation with your father today , you run off and i have no idea where to find you . 
 if i lost you ... fuck ! '' 
 he slammed his fist against the arm of the chair and i heard the wood crack under the impact of his hand . 
 he rose to his full six-foot-four inch height and crossed the room to loom over me . 
 he looked down at me , his blue eyes filled with agony . 
 `` stefan , i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 tears spilled over my cheeks and i covered my face with my hands , my shoulders shaking with my gasping sobs . 
 `` go to bed , josephine . 
 i can not talk to you anymore about this tonight . '' 
 stefan turned and walked to the sofa . 
 he stretched across it and his gaze fixed on the windows in front of him . 
 his body was tense , his face expressionless . 
 `` stefan , '' i began . 
 `` no ! 
 i said go to bed . 
 nothing good will come from our discussion tonight . 
 there are some things that are better left unsaid . '' 
 he did n't look at me and his sharp words stung like tiny knives into my heart . 
 fighting the urge to go to his side , i headed down the hallway into our bedroom . 
 i kicked off my boots and stripped off my jeans and shirt , leaving them in a heap on the floor . 
 crawling into bed , i turned off the light . 
 as i hugged his pillow to my chest , i was wondering if i 'd finally pushed him away for good . 
 if i did , i only had myself to blame . 
 * * * the sun was rising when i awoke . 
 flipping over on my back , i gasped when i saw stefan sitting on the side of the bed , leaning forward with his head in his hands . 
 his clothes were wrinkled and his handsome face looked weary . 
 `` hey , '' i whispered . 
 i wanted so badly to touch him , but i was too afraid he 'd leave . 
 `` hey , '' he repeated . 
 his deep voice was husky and sounded tired . 
 `` stefan , i should n't have run last night . 
 i should have talked to you . 
 i freaked out and did n't think . '' 
 i plucked at the comforter with my fingers . 
 glancing up at him , i reached out and covered his hand with mine . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 if i could go back and do it over again , i would . 
 i 'll never run again . '' 
 he squeezed my hand and pulled it away to trace the pendant around my neck . 
 `` you are still afraid , vackra . '' 
 `` of course i 'm afraid . 
 everything i thought i knew has been turned upside down . 
 not to mention i do n't always handle change well . '' 
 i grabbed his hand and held it against my chest . 
 `` this is my screwed up mind you 're dealing with . 
 i 'm afraid of losing you , stefan . 
 i 'm afraid kian will try to kill me or worse , kill you . '' 
 `` i will never leave you , josephine , '' he assured me . 
 `` no relationship is perfect and i have told you time and time again that we are in this together . 
 you can not just run off and not talk to me . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i guess i needed time to think and i did n't go about it in the right way . '' 
 `` i thought you had left me , josephine . '' 
 he lay down beside of me with his head on my pillow , our heads touching . 
 his fingertips lightly stroked my face and his eyes swept over my face , as if committing it to memory . 
 `` i would n't leave you , stefan . 
 i just needed to leave reality for awhile . 
 i had a few cups of espresso at chelsea market . '' 
 he offered me a weak smile . 
 `` you were in a coffee shop in chelsea ? 
 you drowned your sorrows in over-priced tiny cups of coffee ? '' 
 i nodded and huddled against his broad chest , which was now as warm against me . 
 `` you befuddle me , josephine , '' he sighed softly . 
 `` no more running from me . 
 you not only ran from kian , vackra . 
 you ran from what we have . '' 
 he gestured between us , raising his eyebrows sternly . 
 `` no more running , '' i agreed vehemently . 
 he nodded and finally , his arms embraced me , overwhelming me with his ferociousness . 
 it was like coming home , erasing all of my doubts and quieting the voices in my head . 
 i peeked into his mind , and the fear and confusion he felt was overpowering . 
 his thoughts were like mine last night , chaotic and conflicted . 
 `` i spent the night staring out the windows , reflecting back over the last few weeks . 
 i wondered if i made the right choice in finding you and exposing you to this life . 
 i feel as if you never truly heard all the things i said to you , '' he said impassively against my hair . 
 `` and not with your ears , with your heart . 
 perhaps i have not told you what you needed to hear . '' 
 `` stefan ... '' `` let me finish , '' stefan continued quietly . 
 `` yet i am selfish . 
 i realized that i would have continued to search for you regardless . 
 i was on a mission to find you , the only thing i 've known for two centuries . 
 there will never be another for me except you . 
 however , i will let you go . 
 i love for the first time in my long life , and i will not force you to give up who and what you are because i think i know what is best for you . '' 
 craning my neck , i regarded him in a new light and with different eyes . 
 possibly stefan was right . 
 i 'd never really listened to him , not with my heart . 
 it was if someone flicked on a light bulb in a dark room and i could see the light . 
 stefan lifsten , in his almost 1,000 years on this earth , had said he 'd never loved anyone until he met me . 
 he was willing to sacrifice it all to let me go . 
 and what did i do ? 
 i single-handedly did the worst possible thing to him . 
 i ran from him . 
 he assumed the worst , figuring i 'd had enough and taken off . 
 in his mind , i proved his theory right . 
 what did i know about love ? 
 i 'd never loved a man in a romantic way until stefan . 
 most of my relationships failed even before they had a chance to begin . 
 stefan and i were both stumbling through a relationship , a millennia old vampire and a hybrid vampire . 
 helplessly lost , hopelessly in love . 
 `` i 'm going to talk now . '' 
 i pushed him to his back against the bed and climbed to straddle his hips . 
 my fingers began methodically unbuttoning his shirt and once it was open , i met his gaze . 
 `` i love you , stefan . 
 the best night of my life happened the moment you walked into it . '' 
 i leaned over him , pressing my breasts against his chest , fisting my hands into his thick hair . 
 `` i was foolish because i ran from you last night and i wo n't ever make that mistake again . 
 i 'm not giving you up . 
 you were reborn for me . '' 
 stefan had flipped me to my back before i could blink , standing at the foot of the bed . 
 he tossed his shirt to the floor and his jeans were off in a blur of movement , lowering himself to his knees on the bed at my feet , staring down at the cover . 
 `` stefan ? '' 
 his face lifted up and the look he gave me was one i 'd never seen before . 
 his handsome face was stripped bare , no arrogance or age marring his smooth features . 
 his was wide eyed as our eyes met , shocked at my admission . 
 he looked impossibly young ... and pure . 
 slowly crawling to meet him , i sat in front of him , reaching out to carefully run my hands over his broad chest , my fingers caressing his pale pink nipples and stroking over the rippled muscles of his abdomen , his body jerking from my touch . 
 he swallowed roughly and the corner of his mouth twitched . 
 `` josephine , '' he whispered harshly . 
 `` you were made for me . '' 
 my hands froze in place , afraid to move . 
 i glanced up at him through my eyelashes , my breathing shallow . 
 he had n't moved , he was simply watching me . 
 i nodded and smiled . 
 my hands were still , waiting for his permission to continue . 
 `` you were saved for me . '' 
 stefan sighed softly . 
 `` touch me . 
 please . '' 
 he was beautiful , completely unguarded with soft eyes . 
 `` please . '' 
 hesitantly , i continued my exploration over his soft skin , letting my mouth follow the path my hands had made . 
 my lips and tongue skimmed over his stomach , back up to his chest . 
 i traced around each of nipples with my fingers , rubbing my mouth over the satin skin of his neck , feeling the muscles in his throat constrict under my lips . 
 i inched closer to him , until our lips were almost touching . 
 his impossibly pretty mouth was curved in a small smile , his fangs fully extended . 
 i took a finger and caressed each one , moving as if to kiss him , instead my tongue tracing each sharp incisor . 
 his chest rumbled , his blue eyes becoming unfocused . 
 stefan rose to his knees . 
 i scrambled back against the pillows as he rushed to move between my legs . 
 one hand grasped his cock , rubbing it over my wet folds . 
 the other gripped my waist , drawing me closer to him . 
 his body draped over me and he pushed gently inside of me , causing us both to break into shuddering moans . 
 his hips pulled back , dropping his head to against my shoulder . 
 his large arms enveloped me , wrapping around my back , finally sheathing himself to the hilt inside of my pussy , our bodies perfectly aligning to one another . 
 `` this is right , '' he moaned , burying his face in my hair . 
 `` tell me this is right . '' 
 `` yes , '' i agreed desperately . 
 `` it 's always perfect . '' 
 he began stroking in earnest , setting a steady pace . 
 he bent to suck one of my nipples into his mouth , his fangs grazing along my tender skin as his tongue swirled and pulled . 
 `` i never knew it was possible to have this , josephine . 
 to feel love , this kind of affection . 
 then only to feel the pain of losing you , '' stefan admitted . 
 `` i do not like to feel vulnerable . '' 
 i pushed him to his back against the bed , never breaking stride . 
 i straddled him , increasing our speed . 
 stefan hissed in pleasure and i kissed him hard , my mouth unrelenting . 
 his hand grasped my face , pulling my lips from his to look into my eyes . 
 `` i was in hell last night . 
 you were lost to me and i was afraid too much had happened and you had left . '' 
 he kissed me briefly before pulling away again , gazing back into my eyes as if he was staring into my very soul , his blue eyes becoming dark pools of emotion . 
 `` vackra , it has always been you . 
 hur bevisar jag min h?ngivenhet till dig ? 
 du har mig i bojor , din villig f?nge . '' 
 as he spoke the words to me , he once again gave me access to his thoughts . 
 he was wondering how he could prove his devotion to me . 
 he was letting me know he was my willing prisoner and i had him willingly shackled . 
 `` i do n't want you to be my prisoner , stefan . 
 i want you to be my lover . 
 my equal . 
 my partner . '' 
 offering my neck to him , i wordlessly spoke to him . 
 `` bite me , stefan . 
 please . '' 
 `` mine . '' 
 stefan clutched at my hips and began bucking his hips , moving me faster over his cock , his mouth on my throat . 
 his fangs broke through my skin , the feel of his bite causing me to slip over the edge of desire . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 i cried out , riding him harder , tightening and contracting around him , moaning and crying out loudly . 
 his hips jutted a few more times until he exploded inside of me , his bellow filling the apartment with his satisfaction as we rode out the last of our violent tremors . 
 we were still for a few moments , and i stretched out to lay across his chest . 
 filled with elation , i giggled . 
 a smile broke over his face and he stared at me as if i 'd suddenly grown two heads . 
 `` we 've probably woken all of our neighbors . '' 
 i blushed . 
 turning serious , i met his eyes . 
 `` we 're stuck with each other , stefan . 
 i ca n't be without you . 
 i love you and you love me . 
 we need to learn to make this work . '' 
 his answering smile was brilliant , dazzling in its intensity . 
 `` we will , josephine . '' 
 our lips met , his mouth soft and gentle . 
 this kiss was different . 
 we were n't frantically trying to reconnect this time , he was pouring all of his love and adoration into this kiss . 
 when he lifted his lips from mine , he was smirking . 
 `` i want everyone to be jealous of what i have . 
 to feel what i just felt , i would gladly deal with the wrath of this entire city , '' stefan boasted proudly . 
 `` come with me . 
 there is a shower with our name on it . 
 i want to get you clean so i can get you dirty again . '' 
 `` my sexy talking vampire , '' i chided , sneaking a kiss from his soft lips . 
 `` breakfast ? '' 
 stefan asked as i walked into the kitchen , my hair still damp from our shower . 
 i was pleasantly surprised to see him standing in the kitchen , shirtless and clad only in tight boxer briefs , scrambling eggs over the stove . 
 he had a plate on the counter with bacon stacked in neat piles plate . 
 `` you can cook ? 
 but you do n't eat , '' i mumbled grumpily , plopping down on the bar stool on the other side of the island . 
 it appeared stefan was also good at cooking . 
 it truly was n't fair . 
 stefan pushed a mug of coffee in my direction and rolled his blue eyes sarcastically . 
 `` i may not eat , however it is not rocket science to scramble eggs and fry bacon , vackra . '' 
 he wrinkled his nose as he glanced at the skillet . 
 `` even though it appears to be disgusting . '' 
 stirring half and half into my coffee and adding sugar , i took a sip and sighed happily as i let the caffeine work its magic . 
 `` you 're always surprising me , stefan . '' 
 `` ah , stick around . 
 there are many things i can do that you have not had the pleasure of seeing yet . '' 
 stefan leered at me , his eyebrows waggling . 
 damn vampire sexy talk . 
 it was only 10 am and he was already making me want to move back into the bedroom . 
 at the rate we were going , we should find a big bed to live in and forward all of the mail there . 
 `` i could not agree more . 
 what a wonderful idea ! '' 
 stefan had read my thoughts . 
 he placed the plate and fork in front of me with great flourish and i narrowed my eyes and started eating . 
 he moved to sit down beside of me and opened his laptop , opening his e-mail and scrolling through his messages . 
 `` anything interesting ? '' 
 i asked casually as i bit into a piece of bacon . 
 `` mergers , acquisitions . 
 more work for my attorney to handle , '' stefan said distractedly . 
 a thought occurred to me as i chewed . 
 `` how does this work ? 
 you are a never aging vampire running a company . 
 does n't anyone get suspicious ? '' 
 `` the company is run by a board of directors , appointed by my human attorney . 
 he knows what i am and has ties into the vampire world . 
 my identity is kept hidden . 
 i simply make the final decisions and my attorney takes care of things for me . '' 
 stefan glanced at me and smiled . 
 `` you will have a visitor this afternoon . '' 
 `` a visitor ? 
 who ? '' 
 i asked , my curiosity thoroughly piqued . 
 stefan glanced up at me and gave me a grin that reminded me of a cat that had eaten the canary . 
 `` you will find out . 
 it should be interesting . 
 i will give you some privacy during the visit . '' 
 stefan was being extremely cryptic . 
 seeing that he was n't willing to play along , i finished my breakfast and slid away from the island , walking around to the sink and began rinsing the plates off and loading the dishwasher . 
 i was wiping the counter down when i felt his hands reach around and cup the swell of my breasts and he bent slightly to inhale my hair . 
 my breathing immediately hitched . 
 it only took a touch from him to send my overworked libido into overdrive . 
 his hand slipped down the fabric of my t-shirt to slide inside of my jeans . 
 his long fingers had no trouble slithering deep into my panties to gently stroke my clit as his lips dragged over my neck . 
 gripping the counter for support , a tiny moan fell from my lips and i widened my legs to give him better access . 
 he complied and his fingers went inside of me , softly teasing me . 
 his own breathing increased , sounding rougher . 
 i was so close to orgasm and soft , mewing noises were the only sounds i could manage . 
 i tensed around his fingers , crying out in protest when he withdrew his hand from my pants and playfully smacked my ass . 
 stunned into silence for a moment and burning with unfulfilled longing , i spun to face him , open-mouthed and pissed off . 
 `` you have got to be kidding me . 
 stefan ! '' 
 he towered over me , his gorgeous face filled with mischief . 
 a playful smile graced his lips as he leaned in to peck me on the mouth . 
 `` i have things to do , vackra . 
 lukas is next door if you need him . 
 i assure you we will finish what we started . 
 later . '' 
 he disappeared down the hallway so quickly that i would have missed it if i 'd blinked . 
 smacking my hand on the granite counter , i threw the sponge in the sink . 
 two could play at this game . 
 i walked down the hallway to our bedroom and stood in the doorway watching him dress . 
 he only had a pale blue oxford dress shirt on that was still unbuttoned . 
 it exposed the sculpted planes of his chest and the muscles of his stomach . 
 i could see the outline of his cock through his boxer briefs . 
 i was drawn to him like a kid in a candy store and he was the most delicious treat available . 
 it was if everything else in the room disappeared . 
 gliding across the room to him , i glanced up at him longingly . 
 my hands drifted across his waist , straight down his stomach . 
 i could n't help smiling when i felt his muscles twitch as my fingertips brushed over each of the pronounced ridges . 
 i pushed his underwear down low enough that he sprang free , his cock falling into my waiting hands . 
 `` josephine ... '' `` shhh , '' i murmured softly and i gripped him in my hand , stroking the thick velvet-hardness of his cock . 
 i glanced up at him again , reeling as i watched his mouth slightly part and his eyes darken with lust . 
 i dragged my tongue down his chest until i had lowered to a crouched position with my hand still rubbing over his impressive length . 
 he was growing harder with every twist of my wrist and when i took the head of his cock in my mouth , he let out a guttural growl so powerful that i could feel the pulsation in my mouth . 
 rolling my tongue around him , i groaned from the taste of him . 
 his hands ran through my wavy hair until they loosely knotted there , urging me to continue . 
 he started to swell inside my mouth and i knew he was close to his climax . 
 it was payback time . 
 letting him slip from my mouth with a pop , i stood and went on my tip toes to kiss the corner of his mouth and the cleft in his chin . 
 `` silly me ! 
 i forgot that you have things to do . 
 we 'll continue this later , '' i said , glancing over my shoulder , attempting to speak in the most casual voice i could muster . 
 `` josephine . 
 come back here , '' he moaned in a strangled voice . 
 `` sweetheart , when you play with fire , you get burned . 
 get dressed . '' 
 adjusting my clothes , i walked into the living room . 
 i plopped down on the sofa , picking up my book from the ottoman . 
 i lost myself in reading and after a few minutes my concentration was interrupted when stefan leaned down to capture my mouth in a kiss . 
 `` even though you are wicked , i love you . '' 
 his mouth brushed against mine before running a long finger down my cheek and standing back up . 
 i watched him swagger out of the apartment , my own personal walking fantasy wrapped up in faded jeans and a blue shirt . 
 groaning and pulling a cushion over my face , i wanted to run after him and strip him naked , having my way with him from one end of the apartment to the other until neither of us could think or had the strength to move . 
 knowing that was out of the question , i tucked the pillow behind my head and tried to immerse myself back in my book , half of my mind still focused on stefan . 
 as i read , my eyes started getting heavy . 
 i 'd almost nodded off when a knock sounded at the door . 
 expecting it to be lukas , i sighed heavily and took my time answering it . 
 yanking it open , my mouth was in high gear before he could get any of his sass out . 
 `` lukas , i 'm not in the mood for your bitchiness today . 
 if you can tone it down ... '' my voice tapered off when i realized it was n't lukas on the other side of the door . 
 a tall man with light brown hair stood on the other side of the doorway . 
 he was slim and lean , dressed in tight jeans , a white t-shirt and a black motorcycle jacket . 
 it was his familiar green eyes that stopped me in my tracks . 
 they appraised me with unconcealed curiosity as he leaned against the door frame . 
 `` knock knock , sister dear . 
 please do n't make me tone down my bitchiness . 
 especially since it 's time you heard the truth about daddy dearest . '' 
 a wry smile spread broke across his thin face . 
 it was covered with two days worth of stubble , his smile revealing straight white teeth . 
 `` nigel told me you were in town . 
 it 's long overdue that we met , josie . '' 
 speechless , i gaped at him in confusion . 
 i felt light-headed for a moment as his words slowly sank in . 
 `` i 'm nikolaus ahearne , your brother . 
 i can see from your reaction that kian neglected to tell you about me . '' 
 he rubbed his stubbled chin and tried to smooth the wild disarray of his short wavy hair . 
 `` n-no . 
 he did n't tell me , '' i whispered , gripping the door tightly in my hand . 
 `` shocking , '' he said sarcastically , rolling his eyes . 
 `` as nice as your hallway is , i 'm curious if you 're going to invite me in ? '' 
 `` sorry ! 
 come in , '' i mumbled and stepped aside . 
 he strolled past me and tapped my cheek affectionately as he stepped into our living room . 
 he looked around and removed his jacket , dropping it carelessly over the stool at the island . 
 he crossed to the wall of windows , glancing down at the street below . 
 he turned to face me and shoved his hands in his pockets , the muscles contracting in his heavily tattooed arms . 
 nikolaus looked no older than me , and with the exception of his dark hair , the resemblance between us was there . 
 we shared the same prominent cheekbones and almond shaped green eyes . 
 `` i do n't know what kian has told you about this life or who he is . 
 i 'd be willing to bet my immortality that it 's his skewed bullshit version of the truth . 
 he 's an accomplished fucking liar . '' 
 he did n't mince words . 
 he simply jumped in without any preamble . 
 simply nodding , i said nothing . 
 i was hoping he 'd continue talking and i did n't want to interrupt him . 
 `` before i tell you about our father , let me tell you about what we are . 
 we 're hybrids , josie . 
 once we hit our thirties we become immortal , unchanging anomalies . 
 our mother was tired of being kian 's pawn and little science project . 
 she disappeared 28 years ago , a few days after you were born . 
 one day i woke up and you both were gone . 
 i was only 10 and too young to ask questions . 
 i just missed my mom and my baby sister . '' 
 he sat down on the couch and leaned forward to rest his elbows on his thighs . 
 `` when i started asking questions , the lies began . '' 
 `` what kind of lies ? '' 
 `` kian tried to convince me that she left us and took you with her . 
 that he was the victim in my mother 's selfishness . 
 i was na?ve and believed it until i found out our mother was having an affair with nigel . 
 she was going to leave our father the day she disappeared . 
 convenient timing , right ? '' 
 my mind flashed back to the day nigel told me that my mother was almost as beautiful as me . 
 i remembered his anguish as he sat in this very room , so strong that i felt tears fill my eyes now . 
 `` nigel loves her . 
 he keeps searching for her , '' i said . 
 my mind was racing as i considered his story . 
 i knew nikolaus was telling me the truth . 
 `` yeah , nigel does n't want to accept she 's dead . 
 fuck josie , i do n't want to accept it . '' 
 he ran his fingers through his short hair again , leaning back on the couch . 
 i noticed that it was his hair was streaked with strands of chestnut and gold as the sun from the windows gleamed across his face . 
 `` i know you 're trying to figure out my angle , right ? '' 
 a sheepish smile tugged at my lips and my eyes narrowed . 
 he was right . 
 `` how do you know what i 'm thinking ? '' 
 `` you 're a psychic and i 'm a telepath . 
 if i 'm right , drop your shields and you 'll see . '' 
 he pressed his index finger against his temple and raised up his thumb , imitating a gun . 
 `` our father does n't know i can read his mind . 
 it 's quite humorous to know i can do something he does n't know about and he ca n't block . '' 
 lowering my shields , i startled when my mind connected with his . 
 nikolaus ' brain was like opening up an encyclopedia of memories . 
 he gave me access to every bit of information he knew about my father , many of the recollections making me shudder . 
 the one that i focused on featured our father gripping a beautiful , brown haired woman by the shoulders , shaking her violently . 
 his face was twisted in rage as he sank his fangs into her neck , biting her so savagely that he nearly ripped her throat out . 
 pulling myself out of his memories , i sank down on the couch beside him . 
 `` that was our mother , was n't it ? 
 kian killed her , did n't he ? '' 
 he reached over and took my hand . 
 he turned to look at me and his eyes were so similar to mine that it was like gazing into a mirror , except that his burned with a bitterness that i felt compelled to make disappear . 
 `` yes . '' 
 my mother ... our mother . 
 dead at the hands of our father . 
 it made sense why kian did n't want to speak her name . 
 guilt could do strange things , even to a megalomaniac . 
 tears burned my eyes and one escaped to run down my cheek . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 he snorted drolly . 
 `` i 'm sure you can guess what i want to do . '' 
 `` i 'm going to go out on a limb and assume you want to kill him , '' i answered , swallowing shakily . 
 he raised both eyebrows and his mouth twitched . 
 `` bingo . '' 
 my head turned as i heard a key turn in the lock . 
 the apartment door swung open and stefan 's large frame darkened the doorway , his pale blue dress shirt stretching across the broad expanse of his chest . 
 he quietly strode in and closed the door behind him , glancing between nikolaus and myself . 
 swaggering into the living room , he dropped into one of the armchairs across from the couch , the faded denim of his jeans clinging to his muscled thighs . 
 he stretched his long legs out in front of him and his piercing gaze locked on me . 
 `` i see your visitor has arrived , '' stefan said coolly . 
 he stated the obvious as his fingers tapped against the arms of the chair , what i 'd finally come to associate as his tell when he was anxious or nervous . 
 he looked huge , handsome and deadly , his blue eyes as cold as ice . 
 he had no reservations in letting us know he was displeased to see me with another man , even if that man happened to be my brother . 
 i dropped nikolaus ' hand and moved to stand at the edge of his chair , sitting down on his lap and curling up against his chest . 
 his strong arms wrapped around me , sighing heavily against my hair . 
 `` have you enjoyed your visit with him , vackra ? '' 
 stefan 's mental voice was unsettled . 
 `` it 's been informative . '' 
 my stomach turned when i replayed some of the visions through my mind , knowing stefan was methodically reading my thoughts . 
 his entire body went rigid underneath me as he mentally sorted through each of them . 
 tilting my head back , i pressed a kiss to his throat . 
 `` stefan , this is my brother nikolaus . 
 nikolaus , this is stefan . 
 my mate . '' 
 i made sure to put the emphasis on mate to appease stefan 's more possessive side . 
 his body relaxed slightly underneath me , pleased at my choice of words . 
 men . 
 they were so easy to please . 
 nikolaus focused on stefan for a moment and an impish smile spread across his face , two dimples appearing on both sides of his cheeks . 
 he clapped his hands together once and then rubbed them together , his deep laughter resounding throughout the living room . 
 `` josie , you 're with stefan lifsten ? 
 hell , yes ! 
 this is better than i expected . 
 i know what you can do , stefan . 
 i just need to know if you 're willing to do it . '' 
 stefan 's hand slowly stroked small circles on the small of my back . 
 he chuckled and kissed my forehead affectionately . 
 `` and what is it that you know i can do , nikolaus ? '' 
 nikolaus leaned back against the couch , spreading his arms across the top of the cushions , the colorful sleeve of tattoos on display . 
 `` kill our father of course . '' 
 stefan did n't react to nikolaus 's statement . 
 he continued to stoke my skin as he sat silently in the chair . 
 `` why do you think i would want to kill your father ? 
 he is a board member and such actions would be considered treason . '' 
 nikolaus tilted his head back against the cushions of the couch , rolling his green eyes up to the ceiling . 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 treason and all that fucking vampire protocol bullshit that 's been shoved down my throat for years . 
 do n't you think it 's time for things to change ? '' 
 stefan 's hand stilled on my back . 
 `` josephine , i need to talk to your brother alone . '' 
 `` stefan , '' i began , my voice rising in protest . 
 `` josephine . '' 
 his blue eyes were hard as he stared at me . 
 this was obviously not open for discussion . 
 huffing , i stomped out of the room . 
 i went back to the bedroom and made a production of slamming the door . 
 i pressed my ear against it so i could still hear what was going on . 
 their voices were muffled , but i could make out their conversation . 
 `` listen , stefan . 
 you do n't know me and i get that you 're trying to act like you 're going to toe the line . 
 maybe you are and i 'm wrong about who you are and what you stand for . 
 but that 's my sister in there and i know what kian is capable of . 
 she 's next . 
 he 'll either willingly convince her to come or he 'll kill you to get to her . 
 if she tries to defy him , he 'll kill her . '' 
 an icy chill washed over me at nikolaus ' last statement . 
 he was right . 
 if kian would kill my mother , he would have no qualms in killing me . 
 stefan 's voice was level when he spoke . 
 `` explain how you know what he is capable of doing . '' 
 `` kian has the ability to block most vampire 's abilities , stefan . 
 did you notice you ca n't see anything when he 's involved ? 
 it 's ironic that the smug bastard does n't know that i can read him like a fucking book . 
 his little experiment turned on him , never expecting that his genetics and my mother 's abilities could be used against him . 
 i know all of his dirty little secrets , the things he thought he had hidden away . 
 he fucking killed my mother , stefan . '' 
 nikolaus 's voice broke . 
 `` the only reason i maintain any contact with him is so i can try to keep my eye on what he 's doing . 
 i 'd rather kill the asshole than look at him . 
 but i ca n't so i 'm asking you . 
 no , i 'm fucking begging for you to help me . 
 and if you do n't want to help me , at least do it to save my sister . '' 
 i gasped as i listened to nikolaus ' hatred as it colored each of his words . 
 it was slowly eating him alive . 
 `` i will take your proposal under consideration , nikolaus . 
 i can not promise you anything else . '' 
 `` i wo n't ask for anything more . 
 it burns my ass to even have to consider someone else doing my dirty work . '' 
 he was quiet for a moment . 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 `` you may ask . 
 i may not answer . '' 
 i heard nikolaus laugh and i shook my head at stefan 's cockiness . 
 `` i like you , stefan . 
 but back to my question . 
 do you love her ? '' 
 my heart thumped in my chest so loudly that i 'm sure stefan could hear it as i waited to hear his response . 
 `` more than my own existence . '' 
 `` that 's the difference between you and my father . 
 he does n't love anyone except himself and his fucking insane need for power . 
 you can sit there in that chair in this fancy apartment and pretend that you care about fucking protocol . 
 i know you love my sister . 
 you know you love my sister . 
 and we both know she loves you . 
 fuck , even if i had doubts i saw her face when you walked in the room . 
 it 's a matter of survival now . 
 it 's either kill or be killed at this point . 
 you are standing between what he wants and he 'll stop at nothing to get it . '' 
 no one spoke for a moment . 
 `` nothing will happen to her , nikolaus . 
 you have my word . '' 
 `` yeah , nigel thought the same thing about my mother , '' my brother said emphatically . 
 `` i am not nigel , nikolaus , '' stefan 's voice was cold . 
 you could almost feel the shards of ice in his words . 
 `` nigel is a decent man and a respectable vampire . 
 he is tied into the council too deeply and has not acknowledged that armes is dead . 
 once he finally accepts that she was murdered , another ally bent on revenge will be created . 
 an ally that seeks vengeance craves retribution more than he wants to live . 
 it can become an all-consuming thing , nikolaus . 
 that combination can be deadly and the person will not be thinking of the big picture , only how to achieve it . '' 
 `` touche . 
 i 'm going to assume you 're not just talking about nigel . '' 
 there was a pause in the conversation . 
 i pushed myself into stefan 's mind , sorting through the jumbles of his rapid moving thoughts . 
 he was weighing the pros and cons of what the death of my father would mean to him , to me , to vampire society . 
 he was n't against the idea but he wanted to be careful and methodically plan . 
 `` you are correct . 
 i am not just talking about nigel . 
 i am very old , nikolaus . 
 i have not remained on this earth for almost 1,000 years by being impatient and impetuous . '' 
 `` that 's why i 'm asking for your help . 
 the council trusts you . '' 
 the room went silent and i struggled to listen for any movement that would alert me to stefan 's approach so he would n't catch me snooping . 
 `` if you are finished picking through my mind , please pull yourself away from the door and join us , josephine . '' 
 stefan 's mind voice was slightly irritated with my intrusion into his thoughts . 
 blushing profusely , i cracked open the door and slowly walked down the hallway to rejoin stefan and my brother . 
 stefan was still seated in the chair and he glanced at me with amusement . 
 nikolaus walked to my side and pulled me into a tight embrace . 
 he pulled back and his green eyes met mine . 
 `` i 'm glad i finally met you , josie . 
 i can see our mom in you . '' 
 he smiled in a sad sort of way , his eyes shining brightly with unshed tears . 
 `` are you staying in new york ? '' 
 `` we 're heading back to indonesia for a while to wrap things up . 
 we 'll be back though . '' 
 `` cool . 
 give me your phone . '' 
 i went to my purse and pulled it out , handing it over to him . 
 he typed away quickly before placing it back in my palm . 
 `` my number is in there . 
 do n't be a stranger . 
 call me when you 're on your way back . '' 
 `` i will . 
 bye , nikolaus . '' 
 he grabbed his leather jacket and nodded a goodbye to stefan , pecking a kiss on my cheek before breezing out the apartment . 
 his abrupt departure left stefan and i staring at each other , both of us at a loss for words . 
 * * * stefan had insisted on taking me out to dinner for our final night in new york . 
 he chose to drive us himself in the silver mercedes , smoothly maneuvering through the new york traffic , darting from lane to lane . 
 we pulled to a stop at central park west in front of jean-georges . 
 my door was opened by the valet , but it was stefan 's hand that was gallantly offered to me . 
 placing my hand in his and threading our fingers together , he tossed the keys to the valet and took the ticket from the man 's fingertips . 
 his blue eyes swept over me and he leaned in to whisper in my ear , his breath tickling my skin . 
 `` you look beautiful , vackra . '' 
 i felt beautiful . 
 dressed in a simple black sheath dress , i had my hair up in a messy bun , tendrils of hair framing my face . 
 the necklace he had given me gleamed brightly against my chest and i could see the happiness on his face whenever his eyes fell on the pendant , which was quite often . 
 `` you do n't look so bad yourself , '' i retorted playfully . 
 he was in another armani suit , this time in a deep charcoal gray . 
 his crisp white dress shirt stood out in contrast against the black silk of his tie , and once again , this suit appeared to be tailored to emphasize all of his many assets : his broad shoulders , narrow waist , and his pants accentuated his long legs and firm ass . 
 we walked in through the glass doors and into the restaurant , taken aback by the beautiful simplicity of the restaurant . 
 decorated in pale cream and oyster gray , stefan led us to the ma?tre de . 
 he gave his name and we were swiftly led to an intimate booth in the corner . 
 we were seated and a menu presented to stefan . 
 i could n't help but smile at the irony of the situation . 
 the non-eating vampire would be doing the ordering for us tonight . 
 he looked over the menu and glanced at me over the top of the menu , winking at my apparent amusement at seeing him decide what food to order . 
 `` you may smile now , however you need to keep in mind you must eat what i order , '' he said , with a hint of arrogance in his voice . 
 my amusement fading , i took a sip of water and smiled nervously . 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll do fine . '' 
 our waiter appeared at our table and stefan ordered the spring tasting menu , along with a bottle of white wine . 
 he nodded in approval and disappeared , leaving us alone again . 
 stefan extended his hands across the table with both of his palms up , asking for my mine silently . 
 i lightly traced the lines on them with my fingertips before closing my much smaller hands around his , making me think about all of the things those powerful , large hands had touched in the last 975 years . 
 he squeezed my hands gently , his lips tensing slightly as he read my thoughts . 
 noticing his mood change , i gripped them a little tighter . 
 `` stefan , i 'm sorry . 
 it just boggles my mind sometimes when i think about all you 've seen and experienced , '' i said softly , my eyes dropping to the white linen tablecloth . 
 when i looked up at him , his face was thoughtful and his blue eyes looked ancient , the normal sparkle gone . 
 `` life . 
 death . 
 war . 
 famine . 
 loss , '' he said darkly . 
 `` yet never love until the moment i met you . '' 
 feeling a blush creep over my face , i looked away shyly . 
 my sweet , sentimental vampire . 
 `` sweet talker , '' i admonished weakly , meeting the intense stare of his gaze . 
 `` i love you too . '' 
 `` you will see the same things i see now . 
 centuries of evolution without seeing real change . 
 it is both frustrating and amazing to watch . '' 
 he cleared his throat and the sparkle came back into his eyes . 
 `` enough of this conversation . 
 it is depressing and inevitable . '' 
 my mind drifted to consider what it would be like to outlive everyone i knew . 
 to never age , look forever 28 . 
 to watch the world change around you while i remained frozen in time . 
 my thoughts then shifted to my week in new york and all i 'd learned in the last week : finding out that i now had a father i detested , a mother that i would never meet and a smooth talking brother that wanted our father dead . 
 `` no running , vackra , '' stefan warned , his voice barely audible over the low din of the restaurant . 
 he was obviously monitoring my thoughts frequently . 
 he was still cautious and nervous about my inability to handle stress . 
 `` no running . 
 i might as well stop fighting what i am and start accepting it . 
 i have a good teacher . '' 
 i tried to make my voice light and teasing , although there was an undertone of remorse that i could n't hide . 
 our conversation was interrupted by our waiter and the constant changing of plates , the delicious food arranged artistically . 
 wine was poured and refilled without asking and there was n't much time for conversation . 
 stefan moved the food around on his plate and watched me eat with a soft smile on his lips . 
 feeling pleasantly full , the check was paid and we were waiting for the valet to bring our car around for us . 
 as our car pulled up , the valet seemed much more interested in admiring my legs and ass than giving stefan the keys . 
 the man 's lust slammed into me before i managed to slam my shields in place . 
 stefan moved a little too quickly to his side , snatching the keys from the surprised valet 's fingers roughly , a wide menacing smile on his handsome face , exposing his even , white teeth . 
 `` see something you like ... '' his eyes dropped to the man 's name badge . 
 `` seth ? '' 
 poor seth . 
 you could see the sweat bead on his forehead as he shifted from foot to foot anxiously . 
 `` uh ... '' `` keep your eyes to yourself and we will not have problems . 
 understand , seth ? '' 
 stefan asked , the smile on his face never fading . 
 he patted seth on the shoulder a little too hard and he staggered backwards from the impact . 
 seth 's eyes widened and his face went so pale that i was afraid he 'd pass out . 
 `` stefan , sweetheart . 
 let 's go . '' 
 i moved closer to stefan and pulled on his arm lightly . 
 he looked at me and his eyes went from threatening to tender instantly . 
 he opened my door and helped me into the car and jogged around the car to the slide into the driver 's seat . 
 he shifted the car into gear and peeled away from the curve , the soft purr of the engine filling the car . 
 i glanced over at stefan and he was clutching the steering wheel so tightly that i feared it might bend from the force . 
 `` was that really necessary ? 
 i thought he was going to shit his pants , '' i scolded him . 
 he regarded me for a moment as he glanced away from the road briefly . 
 an amused smile turned up the right side of his mouth . 
 `` was it necessary ? 
 no . 
 did i want to do it ? 
 absolutely . 
 he was disrespectful of you , and in turn to me . '' 
 i was silent as we made the short drive home . 
 vampires viewed their mates as their possessions . 
 even though that went against everything i believed , i was going to have to learn to accept it or fight stefan at every turn . 
 he expertly parked the car in the assigned space and turned to face me . 
 he took my hand and gently rubbed circles over the top of my hand with his thumbs . 
 `` all of this is new to you and i do consider you to be mine . 
 however , i am yours . 
 we are equals . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` i get it . 
 women look at you all the time and i do n't go all scary psychotic on them . 
 you 're gorgeous and women are going to ogle you . 
 but i know i get to take you home . 
 i get to touch you . 
 only me , '' i said , as my free hand snaked in his soft , golden hair . 
 `` only me . '' 
 `` come . 
 let us go in before i take advantage of you in the car . '' 
 he winked and exited the vehicle , heading for the elevator . 
 he punched in the code and waited for the doors to open , his large hand over the small of my back . 
 the doors smoothly opened and we were rising to our floor , neither of us talking during the ride . 
 as the elevator opened at our floor , we both noticed a large package sitting by the door . 
 it was nearly four feet in width and height , wrapped in brown paper . 
 stefan and i exchanged a glance and he unlocked the door , letting me in to turn on the lights as he retrieved the package . 
 he carried it inside , his eyebrows furrowed . 
 `` it is addressed to you . '' 
 `` to me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 curiosity had gotten the better of me and i walked quickly to stefan 's side . 
 i glanced at the package to see the label . 
 it was addressed to josephine ahearne . 
 fucking kian and his overbearing bullshit ! 
 i viciously ripped the paper , gasping when i saw the swirls of red and blue . 
 it was the painting from the art gallery . 
 `` the painting , '' i breathed out in disbelief . 
 there was a card attached to the back of the canvas and i held the heavy card stock with shaky hands , silently reading the exaggerated cursive writing . 
 my dearest josephine , i watched you admire this painting and could n't bear to see something so beautiful belong to another . 
 there will be a day we will see eye to eye , either by choice or by circumstance . 
 until then , know that i will be waiting ... and watching . 
 your loving father , kian ahearne the meaning behind his carefully crafted words were crystal clear to me . 
 he abhorred that i was with stefan , knowing that stefan considered me his property . 
 my father only wanted me for what i could do . 
 he valued people and vampires as collections . 
 he was also reminding me that he was privy to exactly what i was doing and where i was at all times . 
 the entire situation made me sick . 
 `` josephine ? '' 
 stefan 's hand on my arm brought me back out of my thoughts . 
 `` read this . '' 
 i handed him the card and our eyes met for a moment before they dropped down , quickly scanning over the card . 
 his blue eyes flashed when he looked up from reading the note . 
 he turned and grabbed a beautiful glass vase , throwing it at the wall with such force and speed that it damaged the drywall and the vase exploded . 
 i jumped back as tiny slivers of glass splintered , my eyes widening as i watched the dust and shards settle over the wood floor . 
 fixing my gaze on stefan , i watched him rise to his full height , his wide shoulders rigid and tension making the faint lines around his eyes more defined . 
 `` i have had enough of his insinuations and threats , josephine . 
 he is giving you a warning . 
 can you see that ? '' 
 not waiting for my answer , stefan 's phone was in his hand , his fingers flying across the keypad . 
 he brought the phone to his ear and spoke so fast his voice sounded like a series of hisses and growls , becoming a blur as he disappeared down the hallway . 
 i stood in the middle of the living room , trying to make sense of what happened . 
 i went into the kitchen and found a dustpan under the sink , busying myself in cleaning up the glass and drywall dust that was all over the corner of the living room . 
 as i cleaned , an unsettling silence filled the the apartment . 
 dumping the glass in the trash , i headed off in search of him , the sound of my heels echoing in the hallway . 
 i found him in the bedroom , his eyes distant as he focused on a spot on the floor . 
 he did n't look up when i entered and i silently watched him for a moment from the doorway . 
 he was slouched over , his long arms resting on his thighs as he sat on the edge of the bed , gripping his cell phone in his hands . 
 his mind was moving at warp speed , searching the future and becoming annoyed at the black spots and holes he would encounter , causing his thoughts to become ominous with uneasiness and irritation . 
 he was furious at my father , angry enough to start making phone calls and plans that would lead to kian 's death . 
 even though i would n't mourn my father 's demise , stefan did n't need to be impulsive . 
 i refused to risk losing him over a silly painting and thinly veiled threats . 
 walking to stand in front of him , i took the phone away and placed it on the dresser , putting his empty hands on my waist . 
 cupping his face , i raised it so i could caress the angular lines that made his face one of the most beautiful i 'd ever seen . 
 he closed his eyes when i kissed the tops of his cheeks , brushing his mouth with my thumb . 
 he sighed wearily as he parted them for me , letting me caress the soft skin of his lips . 
 crouching down , i knelt between his legs . 
 `` kian is n't worth it , stefan . 
 what did you say to my brother about revenge ? '' 
 `` someone that seeks vengeance craves retribution more than he wants to live , '' he muttered under his breath , almost repeating his earlier words verbatim . 
 `` i hate it when you are right . 
 i only spoke with lukas . 
 i promise that i will not act rashly . '' 
 letting out a sigh of relief , i wrapped my arms around his neck and hugged him tightly to me . 
 it only took a moment until i felt his strong arms wrap around me , a shudder shaking his chest . 
 he was still worried and upset . 
 `` i 'm sending the painting back , '' i whispered assurances against his neck . 
 `` he ca n't touch me . '' 
 `` you are mine , vackra . 
 he can not have you . 
 i just found you and i refuse to let him take you away from me . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm yours . '' 
 i pulled back to smooth his golden blond , silky hair away from his face . 
 `` we had such a beautiful time tonight . 
 let 's not let kian or seth the valet spoil our last night in new york . 
 i just wanted to come back here and have you make love to me , not turn this into a moment to map out revenge . '' 
 his eyes instantly turned dark at my words , his anger temporarily forgotten . 
 `` you had something planned ? '' 
 stefan asked , leaning forward slightly . 
 `` i hate to spoil what you had in mind for the evening , vackra . 
 however , i have my own itinerary for you . '' 
 `` oh really ? '' 
 i questioned , raising a finely arched eyebrow . 
 i continued to brush my fingers through his hair , the blond strands shining like gold . 
 `` i plan on making you scream my name until your voice is hoarse and your legs are weak . 
 does that fit into your plans ? '' 
 his earlier question hung heavily in the space between us , his darkened eyes holding my gaze . 
 he was waiting for my answer and we both sat unmoving , stefan on the edge of the bed and me on my knees in front of him . 
 my fingers were still threaded in his golden hair and my eyes drifted over his handsome face , desire flooding over me in a rush , my heart beat increasing to a rapid strum in my chest . 
 his carefully worded question ignited a fire between my thighs , my intense need for him inexplicable . 
 offering him a smile as my only response , my hands drifted from his hair , over the sides of his face and ran across his broad shoulders . 
 i pushed his charcoal gray suit jacket over his shoulders and loosened his black silk tie , wrapping it around my hand and yanking it from the collar of his shirt . 
 `` no . '' 
 he stood , his massive body looming over me . 
 he raised a single blond eyebrow as he reached for the bottom of his shirt , simply ripping it up the middle , causing the buttons to scatter across the room . 
 he shrugged out of the shirt , letting it fall over his shoulders and the length of his long arms . 
 he made a production of unbuttoning and unzipping his pants , sliding them over his narrow hips and legs . 
 he stood naked before me , six-foot-four inches of perfection . 
 a gasp escaped from my mouth as my eyes traveled over the wide expanse of his pale , muscular chest and down his stomach . 
 his hard cock was begging for my attention and i leaned forward , anxiously licking my lips . 
 `` no , '' stefan said again . 
 he gripped my arms softly and brought me to my feet , unzipping the back of my dress in a single , swift movement , tugging my arms from the sleeves and watching as it fell around my feet . 
 his lips quirked and his fingers were gentle and adoring as they brushed over the satin cups of my bra , his blue eyes meeting mine as they circled my nipples . 
 i stepped closer to him and he bent to nestle his face between the valley of my breasts , his breath warm and his tongue wet as it snaked out to lick across my skin . 
 closing my eyes to the sensation of his mouth on my flesh , i felt his fingers drift to my back , swiftly unfastening the hooks on my bra and flicking it away . 
 he turned me around and his large , muscular arms wrapped around my waist . 
 his lips feathered kisses down the side of my neck , the stubble from his face scraping against my skin . 
 everywhere he touched me , it felt as if an electrical current pulsed beneath my skin , his body like silk-covered steel , smooth against my own . 
 the pads of his fingers caressed my breasts and ghosted across my nipples , which had pebbled into hard peaks from his caresses . 
 `` stefan ... please , '' i mumbled , whimpering from the powerful response his hands were having on my body . 
 `` i need you . '' 
 `` always impatient , '' he admonished between kisses to my shoulders . 
 his tongue laved over the crook of neck , my legs trembling as i waited for the sting of his fangs . 
 he chuckled against my skin and moved to nuzzle his nose in the tangle of my hair . 
 stefan was enjoying every moment of this . 
 he was playing me like an instrument , smug and satisfied that he knew exactly how to touch me to make me cry out and writhe against him . 
 he nudged me forward , guiding me down to the bed on my hands and knees . 
 his large hand spread across my back , pushing my breasts against the coolness of the sheet , my elbows supporting the majority of my weight . 
 his fingertips trailed over the arch of my back to fondle my ass , his hands soft and firm as they ripped my panties away and moved between my thighs , spreading them apart . 
 i was fully exposed and completely at his mercy . 
 he inhaled a sharp , unnecessary breath . 
 `` you look like a goddess , spread out for me like this . 
 only for me . '' 
 his husky , lilting words washed over me like liquid fire and my own breathing hitched . 
 his fingers played against my clit and slipped through my swollen folds , spreading the wetness with his finger . 
 letting out a wanton moan , i pressed my ass back towards him and his into his hand . 
 `` you like ? '' 
 another moan fell from my lips as i pushed back harder . 
 `` oh god , yes . '' 
 one of his fingers slid inside of my pussy and stroked in and out lazily , and my body warmed , aching for more . 
 i felt another join the first , the pressure growing . 
 my fingernails almost ripped apart the sheets when his third finger entered me , stretching me even wider . 
 my inner walls tightened around them and my head fell back , a cry escaping my lips . 
 `` stefan , fuck ! '' 
 `` do you want more ? '' 
 stefan asked , his deep voice sounding uneven . 
 his fingers continued to plunge in and out of me , my hips rolling back to meet his steady rhythm . 
 unable to speak , i sent him my mental response . 
 `` i want everything . '' 
 he inhaled sharply again and i heard the soft click of his fangs as they dropped . 
 `` then you will have it . '' 
 the bed shifted under his weight as he moved even closer , withdrawing his fingers and entering me , his cock gliding within my depths . 
 one of his hands gripped my hip , guiding me back to him . 
 my erratic cries and his loud grunts were timed to every one of his thrusts , our voices blending together as he pounded inside of me . 
 his sticky , wet fingers ran across the curve of my ass , until one circled my other entrance . 
 i stiffened until i heard the soft cadence of his voice in my mind . 
 `` you want everything . 
 let me show you . '' 
 he maintained his steady rhythm as he slipped the wet finger deep inside my tight entrance . 
 i was completely filled with his cock and finger and i impulsively pressed back , pulling them both deep inside . 
 `` you are fucking beautiful . '' 
 his mind voice was sexy and filled with admiration . 
 i could feel the heaviness of his eyes on my body as he thoroughly claimed me . 
 his finger and cock thrust inside of me in the same feverish rhythm , while his other hand kept a firm grip on my hip . 
 my head dropped to the bed , my body moving instinctively in time with him . 
 it was almost as he had me in some delicious , erotic trance where only we existed . 
 my orgasm was building to its crescendo , and stefan became relentless . 
 he continued to pump and thrust , stroke after sensuous stroke . 
 moans , groan , and cries were the only sounds i could articulate . 
 my legs trembled as i tightened around him , feeling myself let go into a state of euphoria i 'd never felt before , my conscious mind ceasing to function properly . 
 i could n't think ; i could only feel . 
 i 'd exploded into a million pieces around him and his ecstasy and lustful thoughts had blended with my own , our mutual longing overtaking and feeding each other . 
 his feral-like passion had become my own , and my erotic pleasure of giving myself over to him fed into his carnal desire to possess me . 
 we no longer were two separate beings ; we were one in every way . 
 i seized around him and the power of my climax caused my arms to collapse against the bed . 
 stefan 's finger slipped from my other entrance , his arm wrapping around my waist and pulling me to him as i rhythmically clenched around him . 
 my release triggered his and a ferocious growl spilled out into the room as he pulsed violently inside of me , his fangs slipping into my shoulder as he shuddered over me . 
 we collapsed on the bed , falling to our sides in a blissful pile of ecstasy . 
 i could n't move , nor did i want to move . 
 his head sank over my shoulder , seeking out my lips and they met languidly , both of us physically and emotionally spent from our intense love making . 
 his fingertips walked up my arm as he kissed me , his strong hand gripping my shoulder . 
 his mouth lifted from mine and he smiled at me , a smug , sexy smile of utter satisfaction on his lips . 
 `` you fully gave yourself over to me . '' 
 `` i wanted it all in that moment and you gave it to me . '' 
 i rolled over to face him , hooking my leg over his thigh and running my hands over his chest . 
 `` i could feel all of your emotions . 
 our minds became one and i did n't know where i began and you ended . 
 i felt your need , your love . 
 everything . '' 
 `` i could feel you as well . '' 
 his blue eyes bored into me . 
 `` you bring out a side of me i never knew existed . 
 i struggle not to let myself lose control with you . 
 i only want you to feel pleasure , josephine . 
 never fear . '' 
 i deliberated over his words for a moment . 
 `` you always hold back ? 
 you want more than what we have ? '' 
 `` i always want more with you , vackra . 
 the more i have you , the more i desire you . 
 i always feel that powerfully for you . 
 tonight i did not have to hold back . '' 
 his eyes turned dark and his face glazed over . 
 i slipped into his thoughts to see his mind replaying the earlier events , a tumble of sensual images saturating my mind . 
 `` you ... on your knees before me and telling me you wanted everything ... '' his voice tapered off and he shook himself as if to bring himself out of his reverie . 
 his tongue swiped across his lower lip and he held my chin , bringing our faces so close together that our noses were touching . 
 `` you allowed me claim you , although you were always in control , vackra . 
 it is give and take . 
 you gave me what i wanted and you took the pleasure i gave you , that we gave one another . '' 
 nodding , my tongue flickered out to trace the outline of his mouth . 
 his hand gripped my leg , pulling it higher . 
 without another word , he slipped back inside of me . 
 our lips met and his hands slid up my back , twisting into the hair at the nape of my neck as he gently took me again . 
 `` let me completely into your mind , vackra ... and come into mine . '' 
 as his hips rocked against mine , our mouths connected and our minds intertwined , i felt his intense want , his almost overwhelming love for me . 
 he visibly jolted when i pushed my feelings back to him , letting him experience every emotion and sensation he brought out in me : my love for him , need , and fathomless desire . 
 i clasped my fingers in his hair and he groaned seductively into my mouth , our bodies continuing their steady pace . 
 neither of us would last long this time around . 
 we were both too far gone ... my eyes opened and he was watching me . 
 the power of his eyes , his mind and his cock inside of me made me lose control , crying out his name as i came . 
 a tender smile pulled at the corner of his mouth as he reached his completion , our gazes never faltering as we clung to each other , riding out the throes of our combined orgasm . 
 i was a trembling , boneless disaster and stefan was n't much better off than me . 
 his arms were heavy and his head fell limply against the pillow . 
 our breathing was a series of ragged , rapid pants and gasps . 
 as cognizant thought gradually came back to me , i wondered if it this is how it would always be for us . 
 would we always want each other so desperately ? 
 `` yes . 
 however , it will become more intense , '' stefan replied softly . 
 he curled a lock of my hair gently around his fingers . 
 more intense ? 
 it would be more intense than what we just experienced ? 
 impossible . 
 he laughed softly , nuzzling his nose against my cheek . 
 `` the more we love one another , the deeper the craving will be . 
 i have never felt anything that i can compare to what it feels like to be with you . 
 it is like , '' `` perfection , '' i finished for him . 
 stefan glanced up at me and smiled , his eyes begging me to say more . 
 `` being with you is everything i ever wanted but did n't know to ask for it . 
 when we 're together like this , i feel complete . 
 like i 'm home . '' 
 `` home , '' he repeated in agreement . 
 `` i have not had a home in 975 years . '' 
 he pulled his large frame from me and walked into the bathroom , his muscles moving smoothly under his skin , contracting and flexing exquisitely . 
 i heard the water turn on in the bathroom . 
 he 'd only been gone for a moment when he reentered the room . 
 i could n't help but admire him when he sauntered across the bedroom towards me . 
 rumpled blond sex hair , strong shoulders and a muscular chest tapered to his narrow hips . 
 his long , lean legs looked as if they were sculpted from marble . 
 he bent over me , capturing my mouth in a kiss . 
 he raised his head and tugged on my arm . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 following behind him , i smiled when i saw the huge bathtub filling with water . 
 he slipped inside and offered me his hand . 
 holding on to him , i slid into the water , my back against his chest . 
 we sat in the large tub , sated and content in listening to the sounds of the water as it splashed against our skin . 
 stefan reached for the handheld attachment and turned it on , wetting my hair . 
 he rubbed shampoo through my long hair , the tips of his fingers massaging my scalp . 
 he rinsed my hair and i leaned back against him , letting out a contented sigh as i watched him rub soap onto a washcloth . 
 `` we leave for bali tomorrow . 
 how are you feeling about that ? '' 
 stefan asked as he rubbed my shoulders softly with the the cloth . 
 he ran it over my breasts , and dipped below the water to linger against my stomach and between my legs . 
 `` i dread the 20 hour flight and we wo n't have the advantage of flying on a private plane this time around , '' i said , spinning around in the water to face him . 
 i repeated the process on him , washing and rinsing his hair and washing every inch of his powerful body . 
 `` commercial airlines , '' stefan sneered . 
 `` i could not get my private plane routed back in time for our flight to bali . 
 lukas loaned it to business associates without my consent . '' 
 glancing at the aggravated expression on his face , i could only imagine what sort of revenge stefan would have on lukas . 
 i 'm sure it would be embarrassing or would involve a task lukas would be horrified at performing . 
 `` yes . 
 he is responsible for cleaning our apartment and running my errands until he joins us in bali . '' 
 i had an image of lukas running a vacuum and giggled loudly , splashing stefan with water . 
 his blue eyes sparkled and he pressed me against the bathtub , nibbling at my lower lip . 
 we lingered in the tub until the water turned cold and my fingers were wrinkled , reluctantly bundling into a fluffy towel . 
 i grabbed a wide toothed comb from the vanity and headed into the bedroom , sitting cross legged on the bed . 
 stefan joined me and plucked the comb from my fingers , sitting behind me to slowly comb through my long hair . 
 his fingers were fast and gentle as i felt him separate my hair into three sections , methodically beginning to weave my hair into a long braid that hung down my back . 
 he secured it with a rubber band and i turned to face him as he surveyed his work , a proud smile on his handsome face . 
 `` how did you learn to braid hair ? '' 
 i questioned , rubbing my fingers over the tight plaits . 
 `` one does not live to be almost a thousand years old without knowing how to braid . 
 during my human life we made our own ropes from bast and hemp which were braided together , '' stefan offered in explanation and shrugged . 
 he placed the comb on the bedside table and reclined on the bed , running his fingers through his thick , damp hair . 
 `` do you miss your human life ? '' 
 i asked , moving to lie on my stomach beside him . 
 i rested my chin on his stomach , watching him intently . 
 he stared down at me in surprise for a moment before his face took on that familiar faraway look when he was remembering something from his past . 
 `` i do not miss being human and it is difficult for me to recollect much of my human life , '' he said quietly and rubbed his finger across his lip , lost in thought . 
 `` i remember my father being a handsome , imposing man . 
 he was a jarl in our village , a nobleman . 
 my mother was a beautiful woman with long blond hair and blue eyes . 
 i had three brothers : ragnarr , sigarr and snerrir , and a sister named heier . 
 i can recall being happy , even with my ability . '' 
 `` go on , '' i whispered . 
 i was barely breathing , mesmerized by the deep timbre of his voice and his story . 
 he smiled faintly and continued . 
 `` i was 33 when our village came under attack . 
 my father was killed and as i was the eldest , it was left for me to lead our village . 
 we were victorious ; however i was not so lucky that day . 
 i was wounded in battle , left by my comrades to bleed to death on a funeral pyre on a cold spring night of that year . 
 i can recall the pain of my wounds and staring at the stars , praying to freya or hel to end my suffering , though i should have been fighting for my life . 
 solveig intervened and made me what i am today . '' 
 `` solveig was your maker , right ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 she was kind as far as sires go . 
 she was nearly 800 years old when she turned me and as the years passed , she lost her sanity . 
 she began creating vampires and left them to obliterate entire villages and towns . 
 the council intervened and she met her final death when i was a little over 300 years old . '' 
 sucking in a shallow breath , i looked down at the silky , pale skin of his stomach instead of his eyes . 
 `` did you love her ? '' 
 `` josephine , my love . 
 look at me , '' stefan murmured . 
 i fearfully looked up and his sea blue eyes met mine . 
 he reached over to stroke the side of my face . 
 `` yes , i loved her . 
 she was my sire and for a time , we were lovers . 
 do not do this to yourself . 
 i love you and only you . 
 what i felt for her can not even compare to my depth of my love for you . 
 once i had my vision of you , no one else mattered . 
 i understood 200 years ago that you would be the one i would be with until the end of my life . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 nodding , i let stefan pull me into his arms . 
 he started crooning and humming to me in swedish , comforting me . 
 `` i liten reck ... f?r att n ? 
 henne riskerade jag mitt liv ofta ... fast jag dr?pas inom armar min ? 
 lskade , sova i sif-of-siden-kl ? 
 nningar `` omfattar : f?r den blonda kvinnan k?nner jag ? 
 lskar ? 
 ndl?sa . '' 
 his deep voice was lovely to listen to , regardless of what he said . 
 `` what did you sing to me ? '' 
 his lips curled into a smile against my temple . 
 `` when i was human , men did not write or recite love poems . 
 it was forbidden to do so . 
 i am sure it is safe to do now . '' 
 he tipped my face up to look in his eyes as he spoke . 
 `` i little reck ... to reach her risked i have my life oft ... though i be slain within the arms of my beloved , sleeping in the sif-of-silken-gowns ' embraces : for the fair-haired woman feel i love unending . '' 
 `` that 's beautiful , '' i whispered , my fingers tracing lines across his chest . 
 he softly stroked my hair and peppered kisses against my face . 
 he continued to hum , the deep sound rumbling in his chest and lulling me to sleep . 
 `` kian was right about one thing the first day i met him , '' i mumbled drowsily . 
 `` and what was that , vackra ? '' 
 `` he said you died that night to be reborn for me . 
 it took over 900 years for us to find each other , yet here we are together in an apartment in new york city . '' 
 stefan tucked the covers around us . 
 `` he is correct . 
 against all of the odds , we found one another . 
 it was fate . '' 
 burrowing closer to him , my eyes were heavy and my voice tired as i recited part of one of my favorite poems to him . 
 `` he loves my heart , for once it was his own , i cherish his , because in me it bides . 
 my true love hath my heart and i have his . '' 
 * * * flying commercial with a vampire turned out to more interesting than i 'd expected it to be . 
 we were flying first class out of jfk , but even with all of the perks it was humorous to watch stefan bypass body searches and scanners . 
 he would put the agents under his influence , which was an almost trance-like state , informing them that there was no need to check him . 
 he was no threat to anyone on the plane . 
 he would then release them and he would be passed through with a wave of the tsa agent 's hand . 
 this seemed to work especially well with the female agents . 
 it was almost 6 pm when we boarded our flight . 
 i hurried to snag the window seat before stefan had a chance to grab it . 
 stefan grumbled and stowed our carry-on bags in the overhead compartment , sighing heavily as he attempted to arrange his large body comfortably in the much too small seat . 
 `` this is why i hate flying commercial . 
 it is these fucking seats ! 
 j?vla m?nniskor och deras sm ? 
 s?ten ! '' 
 smothering a giggle , i had to turn away . 
 he jostled both of our seats as he struggled beside of me . 
 out of the corner of my eye i could see his long legs stretched out as far as they could go and he still looked like he was hunched over . 
 it was going to be a long flight for both of us . 
 stefan powered up his laptop and handed it to me with a smirk on his face . 
 he pulled cd 's out of the laptop case and handed them to me wordlessly . 
 i grabbed them from him and inserted one in the cd drive , slipping ear buds in my ears and sticking my tongue out at him as i thought back to receiving these cd 's earlier in the morning . 
 i 'd packed light for our return trip to bali with us . 
 we really did n't need to take much since we would only be there a few days : long enough for me to pack up and ship what i wanted to keep , put my villa on the market and say my goodbyes . 
 i 'd walked into the living room to see lukas sitting on the couch , talking to stefan . 
 lukas popped off of the couch , bouncing over towards me with a shit-eating grin on his face . 
 he handed me a gift bag he had partially hidden behind his back . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 i asked as i took the bag from him , trying to peek inside and see what was underneath all of the paper . 
 `` this will come in handy for you . 
 after walking in the other morning , '' lukas rolled his eyes skyward and wrinkled his nose in distaste . 
 `` i thought you could use this . '' 
 putting the bag down on the counter , i pulled all the bright tissue paper to see a box for a foreign language program with the word ` swedish ' prominently displayed . 
 i looked at lukas with furrowed brows . 
 `` swedish ?! '' 
 `` since stefan obviously likes to talk dirty to you in swedish while you get your freak on , i thought you should at least know what he 's saying . '' 
 lukas smiled , pinched my cheek and bounced back to the couch where he plopped down and looked very arrogant . 
 meeting stefan 's eyes , he shrugged non-commitally at me and folded his hands behind his head , prominently displaying his broad chest . 
 his voice was filled with humor as it drifted through my mind . 
 `` are you sure you are ready for an eternity of lukas , vackra ? '' 
 `` is anyone prepared for an hour with lukas ? '' 
 i mentally shot back , fighting the smile that was threatening to break over my face . 
 `` touche . '' 
 `` lukas , i did n't realize you were so concerned about me learning different sex words in swedish . 
 i think stefan has it covered , but i appreciate the gift . 
 maybe i should remember the ones i do n't know and have you translate for me instead . '' 
 i countered . 
 how i managed to keep a straight face , i 'll never know . 
 lukas huffed and the look of horror on his face was comical . 
 i was n't sure if he was disgusted at the memory of walking in on us or the idea of me making him translate stefan 's dirty talk . 
 either way , it was enjoyable to watch him squirm . 
 `` well played , josephine . '' 
 stefan nodded in approval , his mind voice filled with humor . 
 `` i 'll do it too . 
 i 'll make him translate just because i can and it 'll drive him crazy . '' 
 stefan snorted and rose from the chair to stand beside of me , taking the cd 's from my hands and flipping them over to read the back . 
 he raised an eyebrow and glanced at lukas , who had suddenly had developed an interest in searching for lint on his shirt . 
 `` you 're doing that mind thing again , are n't you ? 
 it 's so unfair that you two can talk to each other and no one else knows what 's going on . '' 
 lukas pursed his lips and pouted . 
 `` i 'm off , lovebirds . 
 have fun flying commercial ! '' 
 lukas flounced out of the apartment , slamming the door behind him . 
 eternity was going to be a long time with his spoiled behavior . 
 pulling myself out of my musings , i tried to concentrate on the droning voice on the cd . 
 if stefan was doing the narration it would make for a more interesting experience . 
 i kept finding my thoughts drifting to memories of stefan talking to me in swedish while we made love and i found myself shifting uncomfortably in my seat . 
 `` where did you go , josephine ? '' 
 stefan 's mind voice pulled me out of my fantasies . 
 shaking my head , i smiled at him , pulled the ear buds from my ears and leaned in to kiss him softly on the tip of his nose . 
 `` i was remembering the look of disgust on lukas ' face when i told him he could translate your sexy talk for me . '' 
 stefan chuckled , his laughter shaking both of our seats . 
 he took my hand and traced the veins in my hands with his fingertips and he raised his eyes to look at me . 
 they were darker than usual , the pupils dilated . 
 i knew that look . 
 i had a highly aroused stefan on a long flight that was filled with passengers that seemed to take an interest in everything we were doing , thanks to stefan and his inhuman good looks and grace . 
 `` i am happy you wore that skirt . 
 it makes your legs look extremely sexy , '' stefan murmured softly as his fingers drifted up from my hands to dance across my arm . 
 putting my lips next to his ear , i let my lips tickle his ear as i spoke . 
 `` you did n't give me much choice in the matter if i remember correctly . 
 you had it picked out for me . '' 
 `` ah , you are right . 
 i figured it would be freeing since we would be sitting for so long . 
 we can always get a blanket later if you get cold . '' 
 stefan waggled his eyebrows and his hand finally made it to caress the side of my face , his fingers winding in my long hair . 
 he pulled my face to his and his lips met mine . 
 when he slid his tongue into my mouth , i knew we 'd be getting the blanket sooner than later . 
 his free hand pushed the armrest between our seats and he scooted closer , his arousal becoming more and more apparent by the longing of his kiss . 
 reluctantly pulling my lips away , i cleared my throat to get his attention . 
 his jaw was clenched and his handsome face was serious . 
 `` this is not finished , '' he warned as his hand moved across the front of his jeans , adjusting himself . 
 i could see the outline of his hard cock pressing against the denim and took pity on him . 
 that had to be uncomfortable . 
 `` i know . 
 patience , sweetheart . '' 
 i rubbed his leg in consolation , attempting to innocently brush my hand against his bulging erection . 
 he grabbed my hand in a blur , pressing it against him . 
 `` see what you do to me . 
 this is for you . '' 
 stefan 's voice came out in a sexy hiss . 
 a flight attendant happened to walk by and i pulled my hand from his to motion for her . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she glanced at me and then her eyes moved to roam over stefan . 
 she was an attractive blond with heavy makeup and thick perfume , well past her prime but attempting to hold on to her waning sex appeal . 
 she leaned over to appear like she was being attentive to me , yet it was apparent she was only doing it to stick her breasts in his face . 
 i did n't have to lower my shields to read her emotions . 
 they were as obvious as her pathetic attempts to appear seductive . 
 she wanted him . 
 sighing heavily , i gritted my teeth and tried to smile sweetly as i glanced at her name tag . 
 if stefan could have his moment of jealousy , i could too . 
 `` mary , i 'm feeling cold . 
 is it possible to get a blanket ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 what about you , dear ? 
 are you cold too ? '' 
 mary focused on stefan , placing her hand on his arm . 
 he looked at her hand and then glanced up at her face , his blue eyes losing that sparkle i loved so much . 
 he looked at her with indifference and simply cocked his eyebrow . 
 the flight attendant blushed and jerked her hand away , rushing off to get my blanket . 
 upon her return , she almost threw it at me in her embarrassment and haste to get away . 
 stefan sighed heavily and rested his head against the back of the seat as i arranged the blanket over both of us , saying nothing . 
 i could feel anger simmering under the surface of my outwardly cool demeanor . 
 would i ever get used to women falling all over themselves for his attention ? 
 it only took me a minute of deliberation . 
 i 'd probably never get used to it . 
 `` i hate that she did that . 
 you know i have no desire for that kind of attention . '' 
 i nodded and placed my head against his shoulder . 
 `` i know . 
 you 're beautiful , stefan . 
 every woman wants you . '' 
 one of my hands crept underneath the blanket , across his lap to lightly stroke the front of his pants . 
 `` i could care less about anyone else , vackra . 
 i only want you , '' he exhaled softly . 
 his head turned so we were face to face , our lips meeting in a chaste kiss . 
 my fingers inched down the zipper and moved to thumb open his jeans . 
 he tilted his hips so his jeans fell open and his cock slipped into my palm . 
 we both groaned in unison at the sensation of his velvety hardness in my hand , his impressive length throbbing in expectation of what was to come . 
 it only took a few strokes until he 'd reached his limit , wanting more than just my hands on him . 
 `` wait two minutes and meet me in the bathroom , '' stefan said , jerking his head towards the front of the plane . 
 he managed to zip his pants up underneath the blanket and stood up , his wide shoulders disappearing down the aisle into the bathroom . 
 it was the longest two minutes of my life . 
 my heart was racing and i jiggled my leg nervously as i kept glancing at my watch . 
 when the allotted time had passed , i placed the blanket on the seat and tried to casually walk to the bathroom . 
 i had put my hand up to knock when it cracked open , his large hand blurring out and yanking me inside , locking the door behind us . 
 inside the cramped airplane bathroom , we were pressed together and an exquisitely sinful smile quirked his lips . 
 he grabbed me by the waist , sitting me on the edge of the tiny sink . 
 his thoughts were completely unshielded and the intense emotion that filled his mind was overwhelming . 
 it was more than love . 
 it was adoration , devotion , worship and desire all jumbled together . 
 i understood his thoughts completely . 
 i felt the exact way . 
 he moved his hands from my waist , up the curve of my back to tenderly cradle my face . 
 i took in a deep breath , taking in his scent at the same time that my tongue darted out to taste his lips . 
 when his mouth covered mine , energy jolted between us , the desire we felt for each other coming alive , vital and raw . 
 it was suddenly as if his hands had a mind of their own . 
 they slipped away from my face to push my legs apart and i could why he 'd been so insistent about my wardrobe choice for the day . 
 my short skirt gave him easy access to the part of me he wanted most , and he made short work of stripping me of my panties . 
 his hands were a blur , almost ripping the button and zipper away from his pants in his haste to take me . 
 i released a strangled gasp when i felt his fingers slip through my moist folds , testing my readiness . 
 he withdrew his fingers , a sexy smirk spreading over his face that made my stomach clench in anticipation . 
 stefan gripped my ass , roughly pulling me against him . 
 he slid smoothly inside in a single hard thrust . 
 he bared his teeth , the sharp , elongated fangs gleaming . 
 his lips were quick to press against mine , fangs and all , as a moan threatened to escape from my mouth . 
 `` fuck ! 
 i want every person on this airplane to hear me bringing you pleasure . '' 
 even his mind voice sounded ragged and out of control . 
 `` yet we have to be quiet . '' 
 my legs locked around him , gripping him firmly as his hips pounded into me . 
 i could only wrap my arms around his neck and hold on as he stroked a fast , steady rhythm , the primal sound of our bodies colliding filling the small room . 
 `` too tight ... too fucking perfect . '' 
 his voice was a whisper as his lips moved against mine , his heavily accented words making me buck my hips to meet his punishing speed . 
 one of his fangs nicked my lower lip and he greedily sucked on it , pulling it into his mouth . 
 `` stefan . 
 more ... '' i was beyond talking . 
 it was hard for me to even put a thought together . 
 he obliged , the muscles in his arms and shoulders flexing with his effort . 
 throwing my head back against the wall , i let myself go , clenching and constricting around him . 
 my powerful release brought on his own and he quaked against me , his fingers digging into the cheeks of my ass with so much force that i knew i 'd have bruises tomorrow . 
 he let out a shaky laugh as he pulled me to him in a tight embrace , his lips against my temple . 
 `` wow , '' i blurted out . 
 who knew a bathroom quickie could be that pleasurable ? 
 stefan pulled away long enough to zip and button the jeans that had slipped around his ankles . 
 he leaned over to smell me , his eyes darkening again . 
 `` vackra , you smell like sex and me . '' 
 as i carefully slipped off the sink , i let out an unladylike snort . 
 the last thing i wanted to do was spend another 10 hours on an airplane smelling like sex . 
 the sensible side of me knew i should be embarrassed and ashamed of myself , but the new , more uninhibited side just could n't find it in me to care . 
 `` i will go out first . 
 i love you , josephine . '' 
 he kissed me again lightly and turned to unlock the door . 
 he looked back over his shoulder and winked on his way out . 
 that sneaky bastard ! 
 he had this planned all along . 
 from the clothing , the heated build-up on the plane to the quick romp in the bathroom . 
 i was wondering if i 'd be presented with my welcome packet and official mile-high club card next . 
 trying to make myself presentable , i glanced in the mirror and ran my fingers through my reddish-blond wavy hair . 
 i did n't look like the same woman from six months ago . 
 my light tan had faded and my skin was much paler and felt more supple and firm . 
 my hair was glossier and my eyes had deepened to a deep , mossy green . 
 it still boggled my mind that this same face , frozen forever at 28 , would be staring back at me for the rest of my existence . 
 ripping my eyes away from my mirror , i washed my hands and dried them , opening the door and heading towards my seat . 
 stefan watched my approach with covetous eyes and a satisfied smile that stretched from one side of his handsome face to the other . 
 he raised a single blond eyebrow , inhaling deeply as i sat down . 
 `` just as i thought . 
 you smell like sex . 
 and me . '' 
 he placed a finger under my chin and raised my face to stare in my eyes , the look on his face was piercing and all-consuming . 
 `` i want to eat you alive . '' 
 pulling away from him , i grabbed his laptop and stuck the ear buds back in my ears . 
 twenty plus hours in the air and one layover later , we finally landed at denpasar international airport in bali . 
 stefan and i made our way through the airport , heading over to baggage claim to collect our suitcases . 
 `` wait here and i will get our things , '' stefan said , motioning to a bank of chairs . 
 he swept across the room , turning heads as he stood with the group waiting for their belongings , his long arms crossed over his broad chest . 
 as he waited patiently for the luggage to make its way around to him , i just stood back and admired the view . 
 he easily stood eight inches above the other men around him and his blond good looks set him apart in any crowd . 
 to me , he would always be the most stunning creature i 'd ever seen . 
 my dream man . 
 when he found our luggage , he casually tossed the long strap over his broad shoulder , grinning widely as he swaggered towards me . 
 `` i always seem to catch you staring . 
 are you eye fucking me , josephine ? '' 
 he mused and leaned to nip at my lips with his blunt teeth . 
 `` i love it . '' 
 he reached for my hand and we walked together , dodging people as they darted through the airport . 
 it was n't until i heard an excited , loud shriek that i realized how we were getting home . 
 `` josie ! '' 
 georgia squealed . 
 she ran towards me , almost tackling me in her haste to hug me . 
 she twirled me around and hugged me tightly . 
 she released me from her freakishly strong grip and gave stefan a slow once over flippantly , her nose crinkling as if she 'd smelled something bad . 
 i could see they still had miles to go before they 'd be friends . 
 it was silly of me to hope that in their case , absence would make the heart grow fonder . 
 wrong . 
 in the back of my mind , i suppose it did n't really matter if they were friends . 
 we were moving back to the us and i was leaving my so-called human life behind me , learning to live as an immortal hybrid . 
 if i were to be completely honest , the thought of disappearing from anna and georgia 's lives broke my heart . 
 there was just no other way around it . 
 it would be a matter of time until they noticed stefan and i were different . 
 i thought back to nikolaus words . 
 we were unchanging anomalies . 
 `` georgia . '' 
 stefan inclined his head and managed a forced smile . 
 at least i could say he was trying to be civil . 
 georgia chose to ignore him , instead focusing her attention back on me . 
 a smile broke over her face , her blue eyes glowing , bouncing around with energy that could rival lukas . 
 `` anna was supposed to pick you up but she ended up getting stuck with a client . 
 so she called me and here i am , at your service ! '' 
 `` lucky me . 
 remind me to pay anna next time to take the day off of work if we need a ride from the airport . '' 
 stefan was unusually sarcastic today . 
 even his mind voice was in a mood . 
 nudging him in the side with my elbow , we continued walking . 
 `` thanks , georgia . 
 it saved us from getting a taxi . '' 
 she waved me off , flipping her dark hair over her shoulder . 
 she flashed me a bright smile for a moment . 
 her smile slowly faded and she pulled on my arm , stopping us in the middle of the airport . 
 her hand dropped and she stared at me critically , as if she was trying to figure out the differences in my appearance . 
 her dark blue eyes flew over my hair and face , her eyes narrowing as she took in the minute differences . 
 `` there 's something different about you , josie . 
 do n't get me wrong , you look great . 
 you just look ... different . '' 
 she tapped her finger on her upper lip and her eyes moved to sweep over stefan . 
 i lowered my shields , focusing on her future to see where her mind was headed . 
 she was going to compare the more prominent changes and similarities in my appearance to stefan : the cooler , firmer skin that almost seemed to glow , the glossy hair , and the sparkling eyes . 
 she was going to become her very curious as to why we appeared so similar . 
 georgia may be a pain in the ass but she was observant . 
 `` she has noticed you are different . 
 you need to divert her thoughts . '' 
 stefan 's mind voice had a warning edge to it . 
 stefan and i exchanged a look and i nervously laughed , pulling georgia along . 
 `` it must be something in the water and all the good food in new york . '' 
 i stretched out a fake yawn , hoping that my acting skills were good enough to convince georgia . 
 `` i 'll be so glad to get home . 
 i 'm exhausted . '' 
 stefan chuckled under his breath as we walked along . 
 `` do not give up your day job , vackra . '' 
 `` i 'm trying to let her know i 'm tired before she dreams up going out or hanging out all night . 
 so you better hope she buys my acting skills . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow sharply and shot him a look out of the corner of my eye as we headed out into the early evening light . 
 the muggy , humid temperatures of bali were a shock after the much cooler weather of new york . 
 `` damn it ! 
 i was hoping you 'd feel up to going out and having a girl 's night out , '' she responded with a small pout on her lips , her voice becoming a whine . 
 `` c'mon , just come over to my house for an hour , josie . 
 i can call anna and we can stay in . '' 
 `` it 'll be fun . 
 i can tell you all about the guy i met a few days ago , '' georgia was still chattering away as she led us to her sedan , unlocking the doors and popping the trunk so stefan could stow our bag away . 
 as i watched him place the luggage in the car with tense shoulders , it was obvious all of georgia 's plans specifically excluded stefan from the equation . 
 he slid into the back seat of georgia 's car without a word and left georgia and me to stare at each other over the roof of her car . 
 i was doing my best to ignore her pleading , puppy dog eyes . 
 `` we 'll see . 
 i 'm really tired , georgia . '' 
 with a loud huff , georgia opened her car door and got in , slamming it behind her . 
 realizing that this was going to be a stressful ride home , i got in and buckled up , silently willing the car ride to go quickly . 
 we drove for miles in silence , an awkward pause settling over us . 
 georgia was transmitting irritation and frustration so vividly that it was making my head hurt , even with my shields in place . 
 i could hear stefan 's fingers tapping away on his phone from the back seat . 
 he 'd chosen to ignore the tension and had preoccupied himself with reading e-mails . 
 `` so how long are you staying ? '' 
 georgia asked anxiously . 
 she was gripping the steering wheel tightly , her knuckles almost white . 
 `` a few days . 
 however long it takes me to get my things sorted and accounts closed out . '' 
 an uneasy quiet filled the car again . 
 i was armed with the knowledge that georgia was just waiting for the right time to unleash on me . 
 she was biding her time and playing nice for the moment . 
 `` i thought you did n't like big crowds . 
 new york city is kinda known for that , '' georgia remarked , glancing away from the road and giving me a pointed look . 
 `` you 're right , i do n't like big crowds . 
 i think this is a good move for me , '' i commented , rubbing my hands together nervously . 
 stefan cleared his throat from the back seat , reminding me he was still present . 
 `` i mean it 's a good move for us . 
 stefan has business there , my book publisher is there . 
 it 's kind of a win/win for both of us . '' 
 she let out a loud , overly dramatic sigh . 
 `` yeah , it 's a win/win for you , '' georgia mumbled under her breath , figuring neither of us could hear her . 
 unbeknownst to her , stefan could hear a pin drop a mile away , and thanks to my much improved hearing , her words were as clear as if she 'd yelled them . 
 `` what kind of business does stefan do , josie ? '' 
 georgia sneered . 
 she was going to continue her charade of pretending that stefan was n't in the car , choosing to let her immature , obnoxious side take over . 
 i was relieved to see my villa approaching as we climbed over a small hill in the road . 
 she slowed and turned into my driveway , the gravel crunching under her tires . 
 `` i own some properties in the new york area . 
 i can work from anywhere , however it is helpful to be close by to manage the day to day operations , '' stefan answered her , ignoring the fact that georgia had directed the question to me . 
 internally rolling my eyes at stefan 's obvious understatement of his wealth , i sighed as she parked in front of my villa . 
 she finally acknowledged stefan as she peered at him in the rearview mirror , her blue eyes flashing as she turned off her car . 
 `` well , goodie for you , stefan . 
 so you just figured you 'd just be your normal over-bearing self and drag josie along with you . 
 'cause i 'm sure you figure she does n't have anything better to do besides follow your ass all over the world . '' 
 ... and she was off . 
 moving quickly , i unfastened my seat belt and leaped out of the car . 
 i was going to attempt to head off stefan and get between them before she could say anything else . 
 i was too late . 
 he was already out of the car , his six-foot-four frame barreling around the front of the car to georgia 's door . 
 managing to cut him off , i placed my hands against his chest and looked up at him with imploring eyes . 
 i understood his frustration . 
 i was also trying to figure out her real problem with stefan . 
 she antagonized stefan at every turn and was testing his patience . 
 `` stefan , please . 
 do n't let her do this . 
 she 's trying to get you angry , '' i silently pleaded with him . 
 his chest pushed against my hands for a moment . 
 he closed his eyes for a second and drew in a deep , unnecessary breath . 
 when his blue eyes reopened , he looked down at me wearily . 
 `` i am only tolerating this because she is your friend and i love you . 
 know and remember this . '' 
 my shoulders sagged in relief as i sent him my mental thoughts . 
 `` thank you , stefan . 
 i love you . '' 
 `` georgia , open the trunk please , '' i called out . 
 the trunk lid popped open and i placed my keys in his hand , my fingers lingering against his longer than necessary . 
 `` let me handle this . 
 take our bags inside and let me talk to her , ok ? '' 
 i thought to him , trying to force a tiny smile . 
 he nodded imperceptibly and turned to head to the back of the car , pulling our luggage out . 
 he headed towards the front porch with the bag in one hand , impatiently jingling the keys in the other . 
 i waited until he had opened the door and stepped inside before i faced georgia . 
 she looked smug and self-satisfied with her little performance as she leaned against the side of her car , her arms crossed under her chest . 
 seeing her like this made me even angrier , even though i was trying my best to not take sides . 
 `` are you happy with yourself ? '' 
 i asked , walking to stand in front of her , mirroring her stance . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 georgia blinked . 
 she pulled her arms tighter around herself , her head rising sharply as she met my gaze . 
 `` i 'm trying to not take sides and you 're making it really difficult not to do it , '' i confessed , glancing away to stare at the gravel before meeting her blue eyes . 
 `` i get that you maybe do n't like him , or you think he 's wrong for me or hell , maybe you 're just pissed off that i 'm running off with him . '' 
 `` dickmatized was more along the lines of what i was thinking actually , '' georgia interrupted , her eyes burning holes through me . 
 a dry laugh escaped before i could stop it . 
 `` whatever . 
 you can think what you want because no matter what i say , i 'll never change your mind . 
 you 're my friend , and you 'll continue to be my friend if i live in new york or new zealand . 
 you have to stop with the whole ` i 'm going to annoy stefan ' thing you 've got going on . 
 it 's not helping things with him . 
 or with me . '' 
 she glanced over my shoulder , off into the distance . 
 her face was set in a mask of defiance . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i 'd had enough , enough of her pettiness and enough of her bullshit . 
 grabbing her by the shoulders , i gave her a gentle shake . 
 `` stop acting like a petulant five year old that lost her lollipop , georgia ! 
 for fuck 's sake , i love him . 
 does that even matter to you ? '' 
 she pushed a strand of dark hair back from her face and looked at me , her blue eyes glittering with tears . 
 `` of course it matters to me . 
 he 's going to break your heart . 
 he 's too smooth , too pretty and he 's gon na be like jon and leave you once you 're not so young and pretty anymore . '' 
 a proverbial light bulb went off in my head with her honest statement . 
 georgia 's problem with stefan had nothing to do with him , it had everything to do with her ex-husband who 'd left her six years ago . 
 there was no way to tell georgia that i 'd never have to worry about pesky things like aging anymore . 
 i 'd always look 28 . 
 if stefan chose to leave me , it would n't have anything to do with me getting older . 
 `` georgia , stefan is n't jon . 
 first of all , jon is a jerk , '' i reminded her , moving to her side , leaning against the car . 
 `` second , stefan is it for me . 
 when i saw him , my heart and soul knew it . 
 he 's the one . '' 
 i could n't help but lose myself in the memory of seeing him on the beach and in the bar the first night i met him , with his golden blond hair , high cheekbones and eyebrows that arched over his expressive sea blue eyes . 
 my mind had taken a mental snapshot of him leaning across the polished wood of the bar , dressed in the black t-shirt that strained tightly against his broad chest and the low-slung jeans he wore that rode low on his narrow hips , clinging to his long , powerful legs . 
 i did n't ever stand a chance . 
 deep down i knew i fell in love with him at that moment . 
 my heart knew it then ; my mind was the hardest thing to convince . 
 `` i just do n't want to lose you , josie . 
 you 're my best friend , '' her voice pulled me out of my memories . 
 my eyes refocused and i put my arm around her shoulders . 
 `` you 're gon na move and forget all about me . '' 
 careful to keep my shields in place , my own sadness wrapped around me and tugged at my heart . 
 i knew how difficult it was for her to admit her feelings like this , which made the fact that i 'd eventually have to let her go cut even deeper . 
 moving away was the first step , slowly cutting ties . 
 in a few years , we 'd have to disappear from their lives for our own safety . 
 georgia needed me to make her laugh and i gave in , feigning mock irritation . 
 `` how could i forget about your exasperating ass ? 
 you have to be the most annoying woman on the face of the earth . '' 
 my words coaxed a giggle out of her . 
 she put her head against mine and we were quiet for a moment , listening to the quiet sounds of the wind rustling through the trees . 
 `` so are we ok ? '' 
 georgia asked meekly . 
 `` of course . 
 but i 'm going to take a rain check on tonight . 
 i just flew 20 plus hours and i have a house to sort through . 
 i promise we 'll get together in the next day or so . '' 
 georgia sulked for a moment and then smiled , pulling me in for a hug . 
 `` deal . '' 
 i backed away from her car and watched her get inside and start her car , honking wildly as she drove down the driveway . 
 waving until her car was out of sight , i dropped my hand and hugged my arms around myself . 
 for the first time in my life , after all of my years of wandering from place to place , saying goodbye was going to be difficult . 
 * * * we had been up since 8 am sorting through my bookshelves . 
 books and clothing were really the only thing i shipped from place to place when i moved . 
 tackling the bookshelf was also the most time consuming since stefan was trying to talk me out of keeping the majority of them . 
 `` explain why you have two copies of the great gatsby ? '' 
 his question was more of a statement . 
 he flipped through the first well-worn copy before tossing it aside to reach for the second . 
 he looked down at me , waiting for me to answer him . 
 `` one was given to me by my dad . 
 i mean , my adopted father . '' 
 i pointed to the book in his hand . 
 `` the other i picked up at a thrift store while i was waiting for my books to arrive to my new address during one of my moves . '' 
 stefan nodded and flipped through more books . 
 he picked up another , his eyebrow raised in humor as he ran his hand over the cover . 
 `` the picture of dorian gray . 
 ironic book to have , yes ? '' 
 from my cross-legged position on the floor , i observed him as he stood barefoot in front of the giant , built-in bookcase with the leather bound book in his hand . 
 his bright blond hair was messy and rumpled , his navy blue t-shirt snug against his chest . 
 he leaned against the wall and crossed his denim clad legs , skimming through the pages of the book , reading at what seemed to be super speed . 
 `` i suppose it is now that i think about it . 
 a beautiful man that does n't age , '' i said . 
 he glanced up from the book and his tongue swept over his lower lip as he waited for me to continue . 
 `` you do n't have a painting of yourself stashed away in an attic somewhere that is revealing your true age and evil deeds , do you ? '' 
 he chuckled and waved the book in front of him . 
 `` no , i can assure you i do not . 
 i am going to assume this goes in the keep pile . 
 should i mention i happen to have the 1891 first edition copy of this very book ? '' 
 my mouth gaped for a moment . 
 i tucked a piece of hair that escaped from my ponytail behind my ear , trying to act nonplussed about the fact that he owned a first edition copy and he 'd been around to purchase it , instead trying to refocus on packing . 
 i could n't help watching him from of the corner of my eye . 
 `` please . '' 
 he sighed and placed the book in what was the unofficial `` keep '' pile . 
 he started on the last shelf , pulling out another leather bound volume . 
 he examined the book in silence , opening it and flipping through the pages . 
 he stopped and concentrated on a page , tension pinching between his blond eyebrows . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked , distracted by packing books away in a box . 
 each book i touched made me think about the only man i would ever call my dad , my adoptive father . 
 seeing all of these books always made me think of him , remembering the joy he would feel when he would read them , the happiness apparent in his dark blue eyes behind his wire-rimmed glasses . 
 `` this book . 
 the life of napoleon by john holland rose . 
 the 1904 version . 
 interesting . '' 
 he held on to the volume and crossed the room to sit on the floor beside me , one leg bent with his arm resting on his knee . 
 `` how did you come to own this edition ? '' 
 `` it was another gift from my adoptive father . 
 he was a book lover as well as a collector . 
 when my adoptive parents died , his collection became mine . '' 
 i shrugged and went back to packing . 
 stefan was still holding the book . 
 he reached over and placed one of his large hands on mine , stopping me . 
 looking up at him , i was confused at his sudden interest in a book on napoleon that my adoptive father had gifted to me . 
 `` there is a note inside . 
 did you know that ? '' 
 stefan questioned , his voice low . 
 `` what ? 
 a note ? 
 no , i 've never even opened it . '' 
 he placed the heavy text in my hands , his finger marking the spot where the yellowed note rested . 
 as the pages fell open , my eyes were drawn to the paper that was folded and lodged in the binding of the book . 
 i recognized the scrawl of my adoptive father 's handwriting immediately . 
 running my fingertips over the fragile note with my fingers , i hesitated before opening it , sucking in a ragged breath . 
 `` what are you waiting for , josephine ? '' 
 laughing nervously , i twisted my mouth to the side . 
 `` more bad news ? '' 
 stefan leaned across and cupped my cheek with his hand . 
 `` read it . 
 unless there is news about your other side of the family being werewolves , i think we are fine . '' 
 blanching , i forgot about the note . 
 `` werewolves ? 
 are there werewolves ? '' 
 stefan rolled his blue eyes at me . 
 `` are there vampires !? 
 yes , there is a scarce amount of werewolves in the world . '' 
 he waved his hand and pointed at the note . 
 `` read . '' 
 i sat slack jawed for a moment . 
 werewolves ? 
 what other mythical creatures could there be ? 
 my mind drifted to thinking about the possibilities of bigfoot , pixies and unicorns existing . 
 if there are vampires , could they be real too ? 
 he reached over and closed my mouth . 
 `` josephine , focus . 
 werewolves are mainly in europe . 
 i assure you we are safe . 
 as for the other creatures , even i do not know . 
 now stop stalling and read the letter . '' 
 my hands were trembling as i opened the delicate paper . 
 glancing at the top of the page , i noticed the date . 
 it was dated over 15 years ago , when i would have only been 13 . 
 i could almost see him sitting at his desk , writing this letter to me . 
 i suddenly missed him more than i could understand , or even begin to put into words . 
 there was so much i wished i had said to him , that i wished i could say to him now . 
 stefan tapped the paper again , drawing my attention back to the letter and i began to read . 
 josephine , if you are reading this letter , it is well after my death and you have either found out about your true parents , or will soon . 
 you can not begin to understand how difficult it was for us not to tell you the truth about your birth parents , even when you begged us to do so . 
 it will always be my deepest regret . 
 your birth mother , armes , was my younger sister . 
 she disappeared soon after your birth , and your father and his representatives showed up on our doorstep with demands for us to take you in and raise you . 
 we fell in love with you at first sight and agreed to their terms to never disclose who your true parents were . 
 we were silenced by our fear , their threats and money , i am ashamed to admit . 
 you were well provided for , so i can only say that did alleviate some of the guilt which has plagued me for many years . 
 if your birth father , kian , has already approached you , tread with extreme caution . 
 i fear my sister met her end at his hands and your father is a dangerous man . 
 if he has not yet found you or approached you , know that he will at some point . 
 look beyond his words to find the truth . 
 as i watched you grow , you reminded me of your mother and made her loss from my life a little easier to accept . 
 having you in my life was one of the greatest joys of my life , josephine . 
 you share the same gift as your mother , and i know that she would be proud to see what a beautiful , intelligent woman you are sure to become . 
 with much love , dad handing the note to stefan , i rubbed over my face with my hands . 
 how many more skeletons did i have in my closet ? 
 over the span of a week , i found out my father is a powerful vampire , my mother was killed by my him , i have a long-lost brother and it looked like i needed a new hanger for my expanding closet . 
 my adoptive father was really my uncle . 
 `` interesting , '' he muttered . 
 `` josephine ? '' 
 there was that word from him again . 
 interesting . 
 `` i 'm at a loss for words . 
 what are your thoughts , because i know you have more to say than just interesting . '' 
 it was his turn to rub his large hand over his stubbled chin , his blue eyes serious . 
 `` your adoptive father knew kian was someone to be concerned about 28 years ago . 
 he then took the time and the risk to write you a letter 15 years ago and place it in an obscure book about napoleon . 
 to me , that is telling . '' 
 i leaned towards him and grabbed his arms to get his full attention . 
 `` go on . 
 you think there 's more , do n't you ? '' 
 `` possibly . 
 napoleon was a very successful leader for many years . 
 he was cunning and intelligent , however his thirst for power led to his political demise and his imprisonment and exile in 1815 , '' stefan theorized , his eyes taking on a distant look . 
 `` your adoptive father chose this book for a reason , josephine . 
 tell me about him . '' 
 `` his name was garreth anderson . 
 i thought he was an only child , but that does n't seem to be the case , '' i said , turning my head to the side as i sorted through my memories of the man i called dad for so many years . 
 flashes of him laughing , helping me with my homework , watching me graduate high school ran through my mind . 
 `` he was a librarian at the university where i grew up . 
 he loved books , collecting antiques and rare books . 
 he considered himself to be an amateur historian . 
 he was a wonderful man and an even better father . '' 
 `` he was obviously intelligent enough to have figured kian out as well . '' 
 stefan took the book from me and closed it , placing his hand on the cover . 
 `` what do you want to do with this ? '' 
 an evil smile spread across my face . 
 `` put that in our carry on bag . 
 i 'm taking it back to new york and sending it to kian as a thank you gift for the painting he sent to me . '' 
 stefan cocked his eyebrow . 
 `` i thought you were sending the painting back to him ? 
 what are you planning ? '' 
 `` he lived during the time that napoleon ruled . 
 maybe he needs a reminder what happens to tiny men with gigantic egos . '' 
 stefan pushed the books aside and pulled me on his lap so i was facing him . 
 he wrapped his arms around me and leaned to kiss me , his lips as soft as feathers against mine . 
 when he pulled away , a smirk graced his handsome face . 
 `` as i 've said before , you are my match in every way , vackra . '' 
 * * * after a full day of sorting through closets , bookshelves and drawers , i taped the final box closed , picking it up and carrying it across the room and stacking it against the wall . 
 standing with my arms crossed , i surveyed my work . 
 my life was now packed up in a series of 15 boxes that would be shipped via courier to the chelsea condo in new york . 
 we 'd be staying at stefan 's house until we left for the us , so this was my official last night in my villa in canggu , and i could n't help feeling nostalgic . 
 i thought of all of the lonely days and nights i spent in this house , thinking i was content with being alone for the rest of my life . 
 and then i met stefan ... he turned everything i knew upside down . 
 he showed me what it was to truly love and to be loved . 
 i 'd take all of the baggage , all of the mysteries i 'd yet to discover about myself to spend a hundred lifetimes with him . 
 my gorgeous , deadly , loving immortal other half , a walking contradiction in every way . 
 turning and heading down the hallway into the bedroom , i was surprised to see stefan propped up in bed , flipping through the book he 'd chosen to stow away in my carry on bag for our flight . 
 standing in the doorway , my eyes took him in . 
 he was simply striking , from his golden blond hair , his expressive eyes over his high cheekbones to the soft curve of his lips . 
 he was bare chested and his pale skin gleamed in the light from the bedside lamp , his muscular chest covered with a dusting of downy , blond hair . 
 i inhaled deeply , savoring the familiar scent of him that could either sooth or send my senses reeling . 
 tonight his woodsy fragrance sent me reeling , my excitement and hunger for him burning deep inside of me , tiny darts of desire pricking my skin . 
 walking to his side of the bed , i snatched the book from his hands , marking his spot and placing it on the table beside the bed . 
 he regarded me with surprise , his sparkling blue eyes darkening as he watched me boldly strip off my tight t-shirt and panties . 
 i stood naked before him , relishing in the heat from his burning blue gaze . 
 `` you are fucking beautiful , josephine . 
 min enda k?rlek . '' 
 pulling back the covers , a moan escaped from my lips when i found him to be naked underneath against the sheets . 
 climbing over him to straddle him , my hands pressed against his chest as i captured his lips in a lingering , soft kiss . 
 his hands drifted up my arms to grip them lightly as he deepened the kiss , his tongue slipping into my mouth and meeting mine , tangling together in an unhurried , sensual dance . 
 one hand laced in the waves of my hair , pulling my head closer . 
 when i reluctantly lifted my mouth from his , the look of longing in his eyes was and would always be my undoing . 
 `` stefan , '' i breathed . 
 in a blur , i was underneath him , his large body suspended over me , his hard cock pressing into my hip , encased in his powerful arms . 
 i wanted to lick him , taste his skin . 
 reading my mind , he bent over me , wrapping my legs around his waist . 
 he slightly arched his back to bring his chest close to my eager mouth . 
 my tongue darted out , licking across his smooth skin . 
 it circled around his nipple before my lips closed around it , lightly sucking until he moaned , a heady sound that sent my senses trilling . 
 `` ah , vackra . 
 bite . 
 hard . '' 
 his mental voice sounded strained as he pushed his command to me . 
 my teeth bit into the soft skin around his nipple and he growled deep in his chest . 
 encouraged by his response and wanting more , my teeth scraped across his flesh , drawing blood . 
 i lapped at the drops of blood that seeped to the surface and i met his dark , nearly black eyes , the taste of his bittersweet blood still in my mouth . 
 `` i want you , '' i demanded softly , unwrapping my legs from around him and parting my legs wide for him to fully see my arousal . 
 he raised himself on one arm , his eyes dropping from mine long enough to look down , his thick fingers slowly moving to slip through the wetness that had escaped to coat my folds . 
 his eyes slid back to mine , his face transforming into the more primal stefan that could so easily lose control : wild eyes , tight jaw , furrowed eyebrows . 
 his fangs dropped as his true nature took over . 
 in an instant he had me pinned back against the bed , his cock deep inside of me , his hips thrusting in deep , steady strokes . 
 his eyes were closed and he was whispering to himself , so fast i could n't understand his words . 
 his thoughts were difficult to read , mostly in swedish , but i knew what he was doing . 
 he was trying to reign himself in , reminding himself that he did n't want to hurt me . 
 `` come for me , stefan , '' i begged , as i writhed underneath him , welcoming every vigorous plunge of his cock as he completely filled me . 
 the look of surprise and lust on his face sent need flooding through my veins . 
 `` i want to watch you . 
 come for me , stefan . '' 
 he took a deep breath , opening his eyes and fixing them on mine until he simply had to look away . 
 his pleasure overtook him , making him close his eyes and convulse violently , his immense body shaking against me . 
 he curled into me , resting his head on my breast , letting out a satisfied moan that shook me to my very core . 
 my own orgasm barreled over me as i clutched and shuddered underneath him . 
 for the first time it was me that pushed him over the edge into sweet bliss , making him crumble while he dragged me over the edge with him . 
 every single thought in my brain left me when steftan 's fangs slipped into my neck . 
 i was still trembling with the aftershocks of my own release . 
 the feeling of his bite only intensified my pleasure , the renewed tremors making me tighten rhythmically around him again and again , softly whispering his name . 
 he kept stroking inside of me gently as he drank from me , soft purring timbres emanating from his chest as he swallowed my blood in greedy sips . 
 we were wrapped around each other , lost in our communion together . 
 we 'd cocooned ourselves in bliss , completely unaware of our surroundings . 
 georgia , being her normal inquisitive self with no boundaries , had stumbled upon more than she 'd bargained for . 
 her intrusion was unexpected and startling , causing immediate chaos . 
 stefan withdrew his fangs from my neck and went into attack mode , streaking from the bed with his bloody teeth bared , grabbing georgia by the throat . 
 she fought against him , her dark blue eyes large and filled with unshed tears . 
 stefan 's grip never faltered as he held her in place , his eyes dilated and unfocused . 
 ignoring the blood that trickled down my chest from his bite , i frantically dove from the bed to calm the sudden commotion , hastily draping the sheet around me . 
 `` stefan , let her go . 
 it 's georgia , '' i tried to reason with him , my voice getting louder as i spoke . 
 snapping my fingers in front of his face , i tried again . 
 `` stefan ! '' 
 his eyes darted between georgia and myself . 
 his fingers gradually loosened their grasp on her and she staggered backwards , clutching her neck where his hand had been . 
 her head bobbed back and forth between us , her mouth opening and closing with no sound coming out . 
 she whirled around on her heel , turning to run and i panicked . 
 throwing my hands up in front of me , i let out a shriek . 
 `` no ! 
 georgia , stop ! '' 
 she came to an immediate halt , unable to move . 
 my inner shield had altered in some way , invisibly casting itself outward in my fear . 
 it encircled her , effectively holding her in place . 
 it felt as if an elastic web had stretched away from my body to securely wrap around her . 
 stefan could only stare at me , his mind voice filled with awe . 
 `` are you doing this , josephine ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` it appears that i am . 
 i have no idea what 's happening , stefan . '' 
 slowly approaching her , i kept my hands in front of me . 
 `` georgia , i want you to sit down so we can talk , ok ? '' 
 mentally directing her to the bed , i watched her unsteady gait as she moved under my control to awkwardly sit on the bed . 
 i began to lower my hands and i could feel the strength of the shield waver slightly . 
 unsure how to manipulate it , i jerked my hands up and the power increased . 
 my fingers were trembling under the effort it took to control my new ability . 
 `` josie , why was he biting you ? 
 and why ca n't i move ? '' 
 georgia whined . 
 she looked as if she could burst into tears at any moment . 
 i ignored both of her questions . 
 `` oh , georgia . 
 why could n't you just knock on the door like a normal person ? 
 this could have been avoided . '' 
 `` do n't you dare put this on me ! 
 you need to answer me , josie . 
 is he a va-vampire ? '' 
 georgia stuttered . 
 she looked at stefan with apprehension . 
 he folded his arms across his broad chest and leaned against the wall , unashamedly naked . 
 he was watching both of us intently . 
 he sent his thoughts to me . 
 `` if georgia does not accept the truth i will have no choice to either kill her or force my will on her , erasing this part of her memory . 
 it will be dangerous to remove so much , vackra . '' 
 `` georgia , i need you to listen and i need you to stay calm , '' i said softly to her as i crouched down beside her . 
 `` yes , stefan is a vampire . '' 
 she swallowed hard and a tear ran crookedly down her cheek . 
 `` are you one too ? '' 
 i offered her an uneasy smile . 
 `` only part , '' i corrected . 
 `` i found out about my parents during our impromptu trip . '' 
 `` why ca n't i move ? '' 
 i put down my hands and concentrated , focusing on releasing her . 
 i felt my shield retract within me , the tension disappearing . 
 `` i was doing it . 
 you can move now . '' 
 she moved one if her hands first , flexing and unflexing them , her eyes narrowing as she gazed at me suspiciously . 
 she then bent her arm and shook her legs , making sure they still worked . 
 `` how long have you known that he 's a vampire ? '' 
 i reached across to smooth her long dark hair away from her frightened face . 
 `` since the first night i met him . '' 
 `` i just do n't understand any of this , josie . 
 did he do this to you ? '' 
 her southern accent became more evident and she jerked her chin towards stefan . 
 `` what the hell does all this mean ? '' 
 i glanced over my shoulder at stefan . 
 he had n't moved and was as still as a statue , his thoughts closed to me , giving me the control in what i chose to tell georgia . 
 `` no , stefan did n't do this to me . 
 i was born this way . 
 when we were in new york i met my father . 
 he 's a vampire . '' 
 i took a deep breath and continued . 
 `` my mother was human . 
 basically , i 'm a mixture of both . 
 maybe it would be easier to think of me as a more durable version of the josie you know . '' 
 `` you wo n't get older ? 
 or die ? '' 
 `` we can both die , georgia . 
 though we are much more difficult to kill , '' stefan replied , his deep voice breaking into the conversation . 
 `` now that you know , you now have three options . '' 
 georgia crossed her legs and puckered her lips . 
 `` and what pray tell are my choices ? '' 
 `` option one is that i kill you . 
 i would prefer not to do that since it would be upsetting to josephine . 
 option two is that i can force my will on you and make you forget , which is potentially dangerous . 
 option three is that you can keep our secret and act like nothing has changed . '' 
 stefan ran his long fingers through his messy hair . 
 `` the choice is yours . '' 
 stefan may be almost a thousand years old but he lacked the art of subtlety in situations like this . 
 i rolled my eyes and grabbed her hand and squeezed it to get her attention . 
 her blue eyes were wary as she met mine . 
 `` i 'm still josie , georgia . '' 
 georgia glared over my shoulder at the still very naked stefan . 
 if looks could kill and stefan was n't already dead , he would be now . 
 her mouth twisted into a sneer and when she looked back at me , her eyes were filled with contempt . 
 `` georgia ... '' `` no , josie . 
 it 's my ass on the line and i need information . 
 how old is he ? 
 how is he able to be out during the day ? 
 how does all of this work ? '' 
 she was relentless , the questions coming out in rapid fire bursts . 
 `` i am 33 , '' stefan answered . 
 `` most of the things you read or hear about our kind are myths . 
 such as our supposed aversion to sunlight . '' 
 `` huh , '' georgia said , considering his words for a moment . 
 `` exactly how old are you in vampire years ? '' 
 georgia made it sound like stefan was a dog and vampires counted their ages my multiplying them by seven . 
 she was an intelligent woman , but there were times i questioned her thought process . 
 of course , i 'd been in her shoes recently . 
 i could sympathize with her confusion and curiosity . 
 he chuckled as he read my thoughts and answered her . 
 `` i am 975 years old . 
 we still count years the same way as humans do . '' 
 `` i knew there was something different about you . 
 i just never thought of he was a vampire . '' 
 she chewed on her bottom lip . 
 `` josie , you could 've told me what was going on . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , georgia . 
 i hoped you 'd never find this out . '' 
 i closed my eyes , focusing on her future . 
 i saw her decision and looked at stefan and nodded . 
 `` we can trust her , stefan . 
 she wo n't tell anyone . '' 
 `` how did you know what i was going to say ? '' 
 georgia asked , her voice raising an octave . 
 yet another revelation to dump on her . 
 i could tell she 'd almost hit her breaking point so i chose to just make it as simple as possible . 
 `` i 'm a psychic . 
 i can see the future . '' 
 georgia face hardened . 
 `` i feel like an idiot . 
 that 's why you did n't like to go out until you met him , '' she snorted loudly . 
 `` does anna know about this ? '' 
 `` the psychic thing , yes . '' 
 i said . 
 `` the vampire stuff , no . '' 
 `` you could 've told me about being psychic . 
 i suspected something was up with you , '' she accused , chewing her lip again . 
 `` this is why you 're leaving bali with him ! 
 you wanted a clean break . 
 i may not be the sharpest knife in the drawer but even i can figure it out now . '' 
 inhaling a deep breath , i nodded sadly . 
 `` that 's part of the reason . 
 stefan and i are n't going to age . 
 there are ... things that need to be taken care of in new york . '' 
 `` so now you 're headed off with hunky . '' 
 georgia gestured to stefan . 
 `` were you just going to disappear ? '' 
 i studied my hands for a moment . 
 that 's exactly what we would have done and were going to do eventually . 
 stefan owned properties all over the world and it would be easy to disappear with his years of practice and wealth to assist us . 
 `` probably . '' 
 for the first time since i knew her , georgia cried . 
 and not just a few tears . 
 she wept until her shoulders shook . 
 i sat beside her and let her cry against me , not able to offer her any other consolation . 
 `` you ca n't just walk away , josie . 
 you 're like my sister . '' 
 `` i know . 
 that 's what makes this so hard , georgia . '' 
 georgia 's relationship with her family was less than ideal . 
 in her own words , they were mostly alcoholic rednecks that lacked any sort of common sense . 
 she 'd escaped to new york at the age of 18 , putting herself through school and landing a position with a charity before getting the opportunity to start a division operating in indonesia . 
 `` you can come and visit us anytime , '' i assured her . 
 as soon as the words left my lips , i realized how shallow they sounded . 
 she 'd cried because i was leaving and i 'd offered her a place to stay if she decided to visit . 
 i was no better at this than stefan . 
 she stood and put her hands on her hips . 
 `` that 's a piss poor thing to say to me . 
 i love you like a sister and you tell me i can visit ? 
 i 'm going home . '' 
 stefan blurred to block the doorway , his large frame ominous as he stood looking down at her , his muscular chest bare and long arms folded across his chest . 
 thankfully at some point during our conversation he 'd managed to pull jeans on . 
 `` you must give me your word that you will keep your silence , '' stefan warned . 
 `` if you talk to anyone about this , it means your death . '' 
 she barked out a sardonic laugh . 
 `` i said i would n't tell anyone . 
 unless you want me to pinkie promise , that 's all you 're gon na get , stefan . 
 who would believe me anyway ? '' 
 stefan stepped aside and let her pass . 
 she almost ran down the hallway in her haste to leave , slamming the front door so hard it shook the windows . 
 stefan let out a deep sigh and sat down beside of me . 
 he reached for my hand , turning it over and tracing patterns on my palm with his fingers . 
 he said nothing , keeping his thoughts protected . 
 `` i should have changed the locks , '' i mused , more to myself than to him . 
 `` you never cease to amaze me , '' he murmured . 
 he brought my hand up to his mouth and brushed his lips over my fingers . 
 `` look at it this way , vackra . 
 she knows our secret . 
 you can keep her in your life . '' 
 `` yeah , she 's thrilled with me . 
 she wants to kick my ass . '' 
 `` time will pass and her anger will fade , '' he replied . 
 `` i am sorry . 
 i wish i could save you from this part . 
 this is where you lose every human friend you have or choose if it is safe to reveal your secret . '' 
 he pulled me back on the bed until we were propped on the pillows . 
 his fingers absently rubbed through the fabric of my shirt , up and down my back . 
 i rested my face against his chest , running my hands over his muscles and through the fine hair that covered it . 
 `` i get to keep you . 
 it seems like a fair trade . '' 
 `` now who is the smooth talker ? '' 
 he pinched my side . 
 `` you have a new gift . 
 we must practice to see how it works . '' 
 `` i do n't know how it happened . 
 i was scared she was going to run off and i had to stop her . 
 i just did n't expect that i 'd actually be able to do it without moving . '' 
 i looked up at him , pressing my chin on his chest . 
 `` this must be another change . '' 
 `` i would assume it is . 
 try it on me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i looked at him with wide eyes . 
 `` stefan , i do n't think i can do it again . '' 
 `` try it on me , '' he repeated . 
 `` keep me in place . '' 
 he leaped from the bed . 
 his face became predatory , his fangs clicking into place . 
 `` stop me . '' 
 giggling , i sat up on my knees , my hands on my legs . 
 `` stefan , i do n't know how i did it earlier . 
 you 're not scaring me with your fangs , romeo . 
 they turn me on . '' 
 he stood up straight and retracted his fangs . 
 `` let us try something different . 
 close your eyes . '' 
 sighing heavily , i obediently closed my eyes , waiting for what he was going to do next . 
 `` your father has killed me . 
 kian is coming for you , '' his voice was barely audible . 
 a mixture of grief and anger filled me at the thought of his death at kian 's hands . 
 `` pretend that i am him . 
 you must stop me . '' 
 without thinking , my hands flew up as i sensed him approaching me . 
 i pushed my emotions outward , focusing on keeping him away from me . 
 i felt the shield push out , wrapping around stefan , securing itself around him like a vice . 
 through barely opened eyes , i watched in amazement as stefan struggled against my hold on him . 
 he was trapped in mid-stride , incapable of moving . 
 his mind was wide open to me while under my shield . 
 he was furious , his mind filled with rage at his own vulnerability , incensed at his helplessness . 
 `` it worked ! '' 
 i exclaimed excitedly . 
 `` you ca n't move at all ? '' 
 `` not at all . '' 
 he pushed against me , unable to free himself . 
 `` release me . '' 
 `` i do n't know if i should . 
 you 're a scary vampire . '' 
 i teased . 
 `` did you ever think i 'd be able to hold you back ? 
 maybe i should call lukas . 
 i could use facetime and he could see this live . '' 
 his eyes darkened and the corner of his mouth twitched . 
 `` vackra ... '' `` fine . '' 
 i lowered my hands and he stumbled forward as my shield retracted . 
 he darted to my side and had my back against the bed , hovering over me . 
 he kissed me , his mouth hard against mine . 
 `` tell no one of this ability , not even lukas . 
 what you just did can protect you if i can not . '' 
 he was always pragmatic , thinking three steps beyond everyone else , planning and scheming . 
 stefan would protect me with his life . 
 knowing that i could stand beside him with my own ability made me feel like the scales were even . 
 `` you should not be worried about such things . '' 
 stefan rolled to my side , staring into my eyes . 
 `` i never wished for things to be so difficult . 
 it is my only regret . '' 
 `` stop . '' 
 i placed my palm against his face . 
 `` it does n't matter , stefan . 
 with or without you , kian would have found me . '' 
 `` perhaps . '' 
 stefan replied quietly . 
 `` so you have no reservations , josephine ? '' 
 `` not a single one . '' 
 i let my fingers caress the curve of his cheek . 
 `` it 's worth it , you know ? '' 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 `` to be with you forever . 
 it 's worth all of the worries and fears . 
 i have you . '' 
 i glanced up at him , meeting his gaze . 
 his blue eyes were soft , filled with love and devotion . 
 his hand rested against my chest , his fingers stroking the pendant around my neck . 
 `` att ha din k?rlek ? 
 r en v?lsignelse . 
 du ? 
 r min ? 
 lskare , min v?n och min k?ra kompis . 
 jag ? 
 lskar dig . '' 
 `` i 've only been using the cd 's for a few days , sweetheart . 
 i understood that you love me . 
 what else did you say ? '' 
 `` i said to have your love is a blessing . 
 you are my lover , my friend and my cherished mate . '' 
 he lowered his mouth gently to mine . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` jag ? 
 lskar dig , min man . '' 
 the words sounded strange and felt peculiar on my tongue . 
 it was worth the discomfort to watch his eyes sparkle as he heard me speak in his native language . 
 `` until the stars stop shining ? '' 
 he used my words from a few days ago . 
 `` and then some . '' 
 `` you need to sleep . 
 you need to wrap up your affairs tomorrow . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah . '' 
 i snuggled against him . 
 he nuzzled his nose against my hair , breathing in my scent . 
 he groaned softly in response , his hands rubbing over my back and ass possessively . 
 i pulled back , letting my eyes travel over his face . 
 unable to resist his lips , i pressed a kiss to the top and then the bottom before devouring his mouth , the taste of him addictive and sweet . 
 the pads of his fingers cupped the back of my neck as he answered my kiss . 
 his mouth became more insistent , our legs tangling together as we moved closer to each other , languidly kissing each other with wet , open mouthed caresses . 
 when he lifted his mouth from mine , his lips went to my neck , scattering kisses and tiny bites across my skin . 
 his hand slipped between us and he gently stroked my clit with his thumb while his fingers filled me . 
 `` you begged me to come for you earlier . 
 i want you to come all over my hand , '' he said huskily against my neck . 
 his fingers and thumb stroked and thrust inside of me , teasing and insistent . 
 his blue eyes stared intently at me , watching every expression that crossed my face . 
 when they curled up and plunged harder i gave in , falling apart over his hand , sighing breathlessly when i felt him release against my stomach . 
 stefan captured my mouth in another kiss . 
 `` that was beautiful , watching you come for me . '' 
 he was a blur as he moved from the bed to the bathroom . 
 he returned with a towel , quickly cleaning up the mess we 'd made . 
 he sank back into the bed and pulled me back on his arms . 
 my eyes were heavy and for the moment , the confrontation with georgia was in the back of my thoughts . 
 his arms around me were the last thing i remembered until drifting off into sleep . 
 * * * pulling in front of anna 's real estate office , i put the car into park and gripped the steering wheel for a moment . 
 the day had been filled with errands , putting in a forwarding address request in to the tiny postal office in canggu , transferring money from accounts here in indonesia to the much bigger joint bank account i now shared with stefan in the us . 
 i 'd reached my final and most difficult errand of the day : not only was i putting my villa on the market , i was also going to tell anna that i was leaving . 
 i 'd scanned her future and knew the outcome would be fine , but she was going to ask questions . 
 questions could be dangerous ... i would need to stay on guard and not reveal too much to her . 
 unable to put off the inevitable chore , i shoved open the door to my jeep and headed for her office . 
 i was greeted with a chiming bell and anna 's head popped up with her ` i 'm all about selling you a property ' business smile . 
 when she saw it was me , the smile changed to her more snarky grin . 
 she pushed herself away from her desk to meet me . 
 `` josie anderson decides to grace me with her presence ! '' 
 anna 's eyes scanned over me , lingering over my necklace before they went to her watch . 
 `` you have perfect timing . 
 let 's go to lunch . '' 
 anna crossed back to her desk and grabbed her purse from one of the drawers . 
 she rejoined me , motioning for me to follow her outside . 
 we walked in the bright sunlight for a few moments before she spoke . 
 `` so , you 're back . 
 is this a good thing ? '' 
 anna asked curiously . 
 `` since you 're not in tears , i 'm assuming you and stefan are together . 
 `` it depends on what you consider a good thing . 
 i 've already had one big negative reaction , so i 'm anxious to see what yours will be . '' 
 we walked up to one of the street vendors and ordered satay before heading in silence to a bench under a tree . 
 anna sat first and pointed to the seat for me to join her . 
 `` yeah , i 'm sure you did n't use your psychic ability to know the outcome of our little chat . 
 i 'm going to take a wild guess . 
 you 're moving , '' anna said sarcastically , taking a bite of her chicken . 
 she chewed for a moment and swallowed , her sharp brown eyes never leaving mine . 
 `` why is it you look like you spent all your time in new york at a spa ? 
 either new york was really , really good to you or stefan has a magic dick . '' 
 i choked on my bite at her comment . 
 anna laughed and slapped me on the back a few times until i was finally able to breathe normally . 
 `` anna ! '' 
 i exclaimed , feeling the telltale blush spread over my face . 
 `` from that response i 'm going to go with the magic dick . 
 by looking at him , i 'd say it could cure just about any problem you could have , '' anna replied , tucking her brown curls behind her ear . 
 she finished her chicken and tossed the skewer in the trash , turning her attention back to me . 
 `` i know you did n't come to see me for shits and giggles . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 taking a deep sigh , i looked at my shoe for a moment before i started talking . 
 `` i need you to put my villa on the market . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 anna answered . 
 `` oh . 
 this is a permanent move . 
 you are n't coming back ? '' 
 shrugging , i smoothed my khaki shorts and picked at the cuticle on my thumb . 
 `` we may come back to visit . 
 i do n't think lukas is putting his house on the market so we could always stay there . '' 
 anna sighed and her lips pressed into a disapproving frown . 
 `` that sounds like some cryptic bullshit line . 
 this is me that you 're talking to , not georgia . 
 are you coming back or not ? '' 
 `` no . 
 probably not , '' i said in a rush of breath . 
 i flipped my hair over my shoulder , mentally holding my breath as i watch anna mull things over . 
 anna said nothing , tapping her fingers against the bench and not really looking at anything . 
 she appeared to be lost in her own internal musings . 
 the longer she was silent , the more i diligently sorted through her future . 
 she was constantly changing her mind from one train of thought to another . 
 it was enough to give me a headache . 
 `` if you are going to do this , there 's no more running away from him . 
 stefan does n't deserve that kind of bullshit again . '' 
 anna finally spoke , turning her head to look at me . 
 `` what happened that made you take off that night , by the way ? '' 
 `` let 's just say i uncovered interesting information about my birth family while we were in new york . 
 i met my father , who i 'd rather not discuss . 
 the entire experience was overwhelming . 
 when i took off that night , i did n't think about it , i just reacted . '' 
 the side of my mouth turned up in the tiniest of smiles . 
 `` with one exception , i wish it was all still a mystery . 
 some things are better left unknown . '' 
 `` what was the exception ? '' 
 my smile increased as i thought of nikolaus . 
 `` i have a brother . 
 he lives in the city , so i 'll be closer to him too . '' 
 anna sat back against the bench , her shoulders slouching under the weight of the information she 'd just gathered from me . 
 `` no shit ? 
 a brother ? '' 
 snickering , i leaned back with her . 
 `` no shit . 
 his name is nikolaus . '' 
 `` you have a brother , '' anna said . 
 `` that has to be bizarre to find out after of these years . 
 what 's he like ? '' 
 i pictured him in my head during our brief meeting , from his light brown hair with bits of red , his lean , muscular physique and motorcycle jacket and jeans . 
 `` very handsome . 
 he has a lot of tattoos . 
 he 's a smooth talker , but i like him . '' 
 `` can he do what you can ? '' 
 anna asked , tapping her temple with her fingertip . 
 nodding slowly , i took another bite and chewed slowly . 
 anna 's eyes unfocused for a moment as if she was deep in thought . 
 `` it 's a family trait then , '' anna deduced . 
 `` that 's got ta make you rethink having kids , huh ? '' 
 there was no way to tell anna that there would never be children in my future . 
 i was an immortal creature , an unchanging anomaly . 
 i 'd also chosen a vampire as a mate ... both of those things meant no babies for me . 
 `` i do n't think it 's in the cards for us anyway . 
 i never had plans to be a mom so it 's no loss . '' 
 i swatted her leg and tried to lighten the mood . 
 `` you 're off the hook for babysitting duties . '' 
 `` good try with the humor thing . 
 no dice , '' anna rolled her eyes and then focused on my necklace again . 
 `` that 's new . 
 is it from stefan ? '' 
 reaching up , i ran my fingers over the pendant , feeling the crude carvings under my fingertips . 
 `` yes . 
 it 's a family heirloom . '' 
 anna scooted closer and leaned over to inspect the pendant , fixated on the carvings . 
 she looked up at me through her eyelashes . 
 `` exactly how old of an heirloom is this ? 
 i may not be a jeweler , but i know that is no reproduction . '' 
 shifting uncomfortably , this conversation had officially gone where i did n't want to go . 
 i needed to move things along before i slipped up and said more than i wanted to say . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 i did n't ask . '' 
 i stood up and stretched . 
 `` it 's probably time you got back to work and i still have errands to run . '' 
 anna watched me and clicked her tongue a few times . 
 she stood as well , crossing her arms under her chest . 
 `` i do n't know what 's going on with you . 
 i do know you well enough to know when you divert like that , it 's something major . 
 i need to know two things . '' 
 inhaling a deep breath , i briefly closed my eyes . 
 i was wincing when i reopened them , bracing myself for her questions . 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 `` are you safe and are you ok with all of this ? '' 
 i could answer these questions either way . 
 when i was with stefan , i was safe . 
 he 'd protect me with his life . 
 but was i really safe ? 
 absolutely not . 
 not as long as kian was lurking in the shadows of my life . 
 i could offer the same sort of response for her second part . 
 i had stefan , so i 'd accepted my changes . 
 but if i had to face them alone , i might not be as happy being immortal in a world where i would watch people that i loved die , yet i would never age . 
 i went with the easy answer . 
 `` yes to both . 
 honestly anna , i had a minor freak out . 
 i 'm fine now . 
 i promise . '' 
 anna observed me for a moment , scrutinizing my face to see if i was lying . 
 i must have passed the test because her shoulders relaxed and she grabbed my arm , linking us together . 
 `` i think we have a villa to list . 
 let 's gossip while we walk . 
 you call tell me all about stefan 's magic dick . '' 
 * * * pulling into my driveway and parking in front of my villa , the first thing i noticed were our suitcases on the sidewalk , lined up neatly in a row . 
 tilting my head , i looked up at the sky , the late afternoon indonesian sun warming my face . 
 i was a different person now than i was when i moved here a year ago . 
 smiling to myself , i headed past the suitcases , committing every step into my villa to memory with the knowledge that i 'd never walk alone again . 
 this place , this house was the beginning and the end . 
 no more lonely days , no more putting on my false face to the world , the face that pretended i was happy . 
 i 'd come to bali to run away , and i was walking away with the confidence i 'd never had before . 
 grasping the door knob with a smile , i pushed the door open , dropping my purse and keys on the now empty table . 
 when i turned , my mouth fell open in surprise . 
 stefan 's large frame was sitting in the chair facing me . 
 he portrayed outward calm , yet his inward thoughts were a blur of conversations , visions , anger and strategy . 
 his glacial eyes were fixed on georgia . 
 she was perched on the edge of the couch , her feet twitching anxiously as she clutched her arms . 
 lukas sat to her right , quiet and unmoving . 
 no one was saying a word . 
 it was apparent i 'd walked into a situation that made me want to press fast forward to bypass this situation completely . 
 yet here i stood , neck deep in tension that was so thick it was tangible . 
 i pressed my back against the doorframe and my eyes flickered over each one of them . 
 lukas , well ... lukas was lukas . 
 his hands were crossed in his lap and his thin lips were pursed in either amusement or aggravation . 
 i could n't differentiate simply because he used the same look for either sentiment . 
 georgia 's stance was agitated and condescending , and i did n't need to lower my shields to feel her emotions . 
 her nervous feet gave her away . 
 i 'd come full circle and stefan 's eyes moved a fraction to meet mine , and his blond eyebrow raising slightly . 
 his mental voice pushed into my thoughts , loud and frustrated . 
 `` josephine , your friend georgia decided to join us . 
 this has been an amusing hour . 
 she is even testing lukas ' patience . 
 it is quite an accomplishment since he defines aggravation . '' 
 still keeping my gaze on stefan , i pushed off the door and walked across the room to sit on the arm of stefan 's chair . 
 when his hands pulled me into his lap , i did n't fight him . 
 he relaxed and his fragmented thoughts seemed to calm . 
 i settled back against his chest and rested my head against his neck , inhaling his woodsy scent . 
 i also noticed another smell hanging in the room . 
 coppery like a penny . 
 blood . 
 `` so , who 's going to tell me what 's going on ? '' 
 my voice rang out loudly in the room , and both georgia and lukas 's eyes focused on me . 
 stefan 's hand rubbed against the part of my thigh that was left exposed by my shorts , his fingertips tracing patterns against my skin . 
 lukas let out a puff of breath and crossed his arms . 
 `` since no one is going to tell you , i will . 
 your friend wants us to change her . 
 she thinks it would be the best thing for her since she already knows what we are . '' 
 the pressure of stefan 's fingers increased against my leg and i could only stare open mouthed at georgia . 
 had she lost her mind ? 
 what had possessed her to seek out stefan and lukas alone and ask for them to change her ? 
 `` georgia ? 
 why ? '' 
 stefan 's voice rumbled behind me . 
 `` she presented a convincing argument . 
 that i will admit . 
 i will leave it to her to explain what happened . 
 tell her , georgia . '' 
 georgia 's whole body collapsed against the couch . 
 it was if she had deflated in front of my very eyes , even her voice sounding defeated . 
 `` i just thought that since i knew , it made sense to just have them change me . 
 not to mention the idea of not aging seems nice and i 'd be like you . '' 
 i was torn between wanting to spring off of stefan 's lap to alternately slap her and hug her . 
 `` be like me ? 
 not aging seems nice ? 
 are you serious , georgia ? 
 do you think this is some kind of joke ? '' 
 she tightened her grip on the towel on her arm and i noticed the red stain of her blood , glaring against the whiteness of the cloth . 
 when she spoke , her voice was a whisper . 
 `` no , i know now it 's not a joke . 
 i did n't really think it through . '' 
 i shot off of stefan 's lap and was beside her , clutching her wrist before she had a chance to react . 
 she blinked at the suddenness of my movements . 
 `` you cut yourself in front of two vampires ? 
 you have lost your mind ? '' 
 `` i just thought ... never mind . '' 
 `` you just thought what , georgia ? 
 you 'd cut yourself and they 'd be swayed to change you ? 
 they could have drained you dry , '' i snapped . 
 peering up at lukas , he simply shook his head , exasperated with the whole situation . 
 `` i saw stefan with you . 
 he did n't drain you , '' georgia responded haughtily . 
 my hold on her arm increased and she flinched slightly , gasping at my strength . 
 i loosened my fingers but did n't let her go . 
 closing my eyes , i dropped my shields to look into her future . 
 it was fuzzy and hazy , filled with black swirls and blanks . 
 when i saw her muddled plans , my heart sank . 
 my jaw was set firmly when i reopened my eyes to look at her . 
 i was so angry i wanted to shake her to get my point across , but i 'd be wasting time and energy . 
 something had happened that had altered her in some inexplicable way . 
 `` georgia , he loves me and he 's not going to drain me . 
 stefan could give two shits about you , '' i pointed out . 
 instantly regretting the harshness of my words , i tried again with a gentler response . 
 `` what i meant to say is that stefan does n't love you and neither does lukas . 
 we 're a food source to a vampire . 
 you ca n't go tempting fate . '' 
 i did n't have to look at stefan . 
 the heaviness of his eyes on me said it all . 
 i did n't wait for him to tell me what i already knew : georgia was never going to stop either trying to convince them to change her and she would resort to drastic measures if necessary . 
 what had happened to my strong friend that had a sassy response for everything ? 
 she 'd resorted to bloodletting to try to get vampires to change her . 
 this was a different georgia than i knew before . 
 `` you 're going to have to wipe her memory . 
 that 's the only way now . '' 
 `` i know . 
 once again , i am sorry . '' 
 stefan 's voice was apologetic in my mind . 
 exhaling a deep breath of frustration , i met his gaze . 
 `` are you serious ? 
 you 're sorry ? 
 this is her fault , stefan . 
 her mess for you to fix and you 're sorry ? 
 incredible . '' 
 standing tall , stefan glided across the room to squat in front of georgia . 
 i felt her pulse rate increase under my fingertips and her breathing sounded ragged . 
 she tugged against me and i instinctively placed one of my hands up , pushing my shield around her , effectively ceasing her struggle . 
 her squirming stopped and fury burned in her dark blue eyes as she looked from stefan to me . 
 `` what the hell are you gon na do to me ? '' 
 `` release your hold on her , vackra . '' 
 stefan mentally commanded me . 
 putting down my hand , i let my shield retreat back inside of me . 
 georgia instantly began to fidget . 
 `` georgia , i am going to do what i should have done last night . 
 i am going to erase your memories of what we are , '' stefan said calmly . 
 he leaned closer and cupped georgia 's chin in his hand , turning her eyes away from me . 
 he smiled serenely and his eyes bored into hers . 
 i knew the exact moment that she had fallen under his spell . 
 her blue eyes glazed over and her lips parted slightly . 
 it was strangely erotic to watch him push his influence on her , to see her completely under his control . 
 `` you will forget what we are , georgia . 
 we are humans , just as you are . 
 we are moving to new york for business , '' he murmured to her softly . 
 `` georgia , what are we ? '' 
 `` humans . 
 just like me . '' 
 she sounded robotic with no inflection in her voice . 
 `` what did you see last night ? '' 
 stefan asked in the same soft tenor . 
 she paused , her eyes staring blankly into his piercing blue ones . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` you watched a movie and then you went to bed . '' 
 `` i watched a movie and went to bed , '' she repeated woodenly . 
 `` why are we moving back to the us , georgia ? '' 
 `` for business . '' 
 stefan 's gaze never left georgia 's as he reached for her arm , gently pulling the towel away , revealing the small gash on the inside of her arm . 
 he bent and licked her skin , his nose wrinkling in distaste at her blood . 
 the wound stopped bleeding and he placed her arm back at her side . 
 `` you received that injury while doing housework . 
 you will not remember harming yourself . '' 
 stefan smile faded and he sat back on his heels . 
 he was releasing her from his will and i could see the life come back into her eyes . 
 she blinked a few times and looked at the three of us in confusion . 
 `` what am i doing here ? '' 
 georgia asked . 
 `` i do n't remember coming over here . '' 
 `` we were planning a going away get together , georgia . 
 do n't you remember ? '' 
 lukas reminded her , lightly poking her side with his finger . 
 i had to give lukas credit . 
 for being as irritated as he was with her , he was pulling this off superbly . 
 there were award winning actors that could n't have done a better job . 
 `` a party ! '' 
 georgia bounced excitedly . 
 `` i 'll call anna and we 'll plan everything ! '' 
 she jumped to her feet , hurrying to the door . 
 she gripped the doorknob and looked confused . . 
 `` wait a second . 
 you 're going to stefan 's house now , are n't you ? '' 
 `` yeah , we 're getting ready to leave now , '' i said cautiously . 
 i was waiting for georgia to remember something , anything that would trigger an outburst from her . 
 `` then i 'll call your cell phone when i have details , '' she decided . 
 `` see ya later ! '' 
 the door slammed behind her , leaving me to gawk at the door , still waiting for the bottom to fall out . 
 `` well , that worked better than i thought . 
 i figured she 'd find a way to trump you wiping her memory , '' lukas mused , standing up and brushing his hands together , as if wiping the events from the day away . 
 `` let 's get out of here before she comes back . '' 
 for once , neither stefan and i could argue with him . 
 grabbing the bloody towel , i threw it in the trash can and followed stefan to the front door . 
 i let my eyes sweep over my villa for a final time . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 stefan asked , moving to stand at my side as i glanced over the house i 'd called home for over a year . 
 the situation with georgia had driven home the fact it was time for us to move on . 
 stefan 's arm wrapped around my shoulders and as i glanced up at him , i knew i had no regrets and nothing to lose . 
 the house was strangely quiet . 
 it was rare for things to be so subdued , i 'd become accustomed to the flurry of activity and conversation that always seemed to surround me and the difference was glaring . 
 the silence left me plenty of time to think , and i had enough on my mind to sort through . 
 after folding yet another blouse and tucking it away in the suitcase , my thoughts focused on georgia and the incident at my villa . 
 i was extremely concerned about her state of mind and confused at her strange behavior . 
 i still could n't figure out what had possessed her to seek out stefan and lukas alone . 
 had she always been off kilter and i had n't seen it ? 
 was it the knowledge of mythical creatures existing that had pushed her over the edge ? 
 every time i tried to focus on her future , it was it was scrambled with gaping holes in it . 
 it was comparable to staring through swiss cheese . 
 and then there was stefan ... he had been exceptionally careful with his thoughts , almost as if he was afraid for me to know how he was truly feeling . 
 i glanced up to see stefan staring out the windows , and i studied his profile from across the room . 
 his chiseled face was contemplative , stress deepening the feathery lines around his eyes . 
 he had his hands shoved in the front pockets of his dark wash blue jeans , the muscles in his arms tight . 
 `` you 're awfully quiet over there . 
 what 's going on in that head of yours ? '' 
 i asked , reaching for the next item to pack away . 
 `` you 've closed your mind to me or i would n't have to ask . '' 
 he turned to face me and his eyebrows furrowed over his blue eyes . 
 `` do you need to ask ? '' 
 stefan snorted . 
 `` i had no choice but to erase a huge portion of your friend 's memory and we are heading back to new york tomorrow . 
 i am worried about georgia 's state of mind and your safety once we return to the us . '' 
 exhaling a deep breath , i nodded in agreement . 
 if i were to be completely honest , i was worried about not only my safety , but his as well . 
 my father was a big unknown to us since he had the capability to deflect stefan 's psychic ability . 
 stefan was a meticulous schemer , careful and precise . 
 he did n't like to be caught off guard by a rogue vampire that was older and considerably more powerful . 
 `` georgia seemed fine when she left . 
 we 'll be able to watch her tonight . 
 as for kian ... maybe my shield will work on him . 
 nikolaus can work around his power , maybe i can too . '' 
 i resumed folding clothes and sighed . 
 `` i ca n't let him control my life , stefan . 
 i refuse to do it . '' 
 `` that we are in agreement with , vackra . 
 i refuse to let him control you and what we have . 
 i am also unwilling to let you be a guinea pig and test your shield . 
 we can not assume your mind works the same simply because he can thwart kian 's ability . '' 
 his voice had a sharp , cutting edge to it , like the blade of a newly sharpened knife . 
 glancing up at his expression , his beautiful face momentarily had an inhuman quality to it , cold and unfeeling . 
 by the time i blinked again , it had rapidly been replaced to reflect the stefan i loved , his handsome face was unworried and lips quirked slightly at the corners . 
 his other expression had been so fleeting that i almost thought i imagined it . 
 almost . 
 even though it was tempting to just stand and observe him longer , i disappeared into the closet , bringing out the final things i wanted to pack away . 
 packing away clothing into the luggage gave me time to deduce exactly what stefan was planning , most likely for my father . 
 he would not be hasty in how he chose to attack . 
 call it intuition or a hunch , i could sense the smoothly-oiled wheels of his mind cataloging information into the vast filing cabinet of his mind , each piece of information vital to his strategy . 
 zipping up the suitcase , i turned and carried it to stand by its mate at the closet door , my hands on my hips . 
 logically , i should be disturbed to know that the love of my life was planning my father 's death . 
 i had no emotional tie to my father , the only link i had to kian was the blood that ran through my veins . 
 the knowledge that he had single-handedly killed my mother quickly alleviated any troubled thoughts that lingered . 
 it was a necessity , as nikolaus had told stefan . 
 it was either kill or be killed . 
 i was n't ready to die . 
 i glanced up at the windows where stefan had been standing only moments ago to find that he had moved silently and swiftly to stretch his long body across the bed , ridding himself of his clothes to lie naked . 
 he was reclining on his back , his long arms behind his head . 
 even though i 'd seen him nude many times , seeing him like this never lost its powerful effect on me . 
 my breathing shifted into rapid pants and i suddenly felt like i had on too many clothes . 
 my concerns were pushed away as i stared at him , transfixed by the sight of his pale skin against the chocolate brown of the duvet cover . 
 my hands moved on their own accord to undress , letting my discarded clothes fall behind me , unwanted and unneeded as i approached the bed . 
 he was a paradox of sorts : dark and light , vampire and man . 
 and i craved him like any addict would hunger after the object they desired . 
 he had gotten under my skin in the most mysterious of ways with his charm and beauty . 
 he smiled one of his crooked smiles and his arms reached out to tug me to the bed beside of him . 
 he pushed me to my back , opening my legs wide and moving to settle between them , simply staring at the wetness that glistened between my thighs . 
 his fangs were fully out , his blue eyes heavily lidded with his need as he knelt before me . 
 the now familiar excitement of seeing him aroused and filled with want made me desire him so intensely that my entire body cried out for his touch , writhing and arching my back off the bed as i longed for him to touch me . 
 `` always so impatient , josephine . '' 
 his nostrils flared as he smelled my arousal in the air between us , and his fangs retracted slowly . 
 he parted my folds with his fingers , burying his head between my thighs , his tongue tracing a slow line from my wet pussy to circle around my swollen clit , then returning to delve inside of me . 
 he let out a deep rumble of pleasure , his thumb rubbing over my clit as he sucked and licked , his soft , sensual touch making me shiver at the same time a low moan fell from my lips . 
 he raised his head and hovered over me . 
 the burning intensity of his eyes had me trapped , unable to look away . 
 `` beg . '' 
 my eyes stared into his , filled with astonishment . 
 he wanted me to beg ? 
 he sat back on his heels and began stroking his full length with long , languid strokes , still staring at me with eyes that beckoned for me to yield to him . 
 `` beg , '' he repeated . 
 his tongue slipped out to lick across his lower lip eagerly . 
 `` please , '' i whimpered . 
 i was n't above begging when the end result would have him buried inside of me . 
 `` please , what ? 
 what exactly do you want me to do , josephine ? '' 
 he was playing dirty , making me tell him what i wanted merely to hear me tell him how badly i needed him . 
 sneaky bastard . 
 trying to make my voice stay low and sultry , i stared deeply into his eyes . 
 `` please , stefan . 
 i need you ... '' his eyebrow rose slightly and his lips twitched , the speed of his hand on his cock increasing . 
 `` tell me what you need and where you need it . '' 
 i let out a frustrated groan and bowed my neck against the bed . 
 he was going to kill me . 
 my mind flashed back to the first night i met him and i mused of self-combustion . 
 if he kept this up , i 'd be a pile of ashes from all of his sexy talk . 
 sitting up a little , i rested on my elbows . 
 i focused on him so intently that i felt myself slip into his mind , our thoughts fusing together , our desire mingling and fueling the craving that was burning in each of us , threatening to blaze out of control . 
 `` i need your cock inside of me . 
 now , '' i said in a low growl that was worthy of a vampire . 
 his answering smile was triumphant . 
 his fangs dropped again and he lowered the entire length of his long , lean body against me , letting our joining come naturally , his cock sliding deep inside of me . 
 after a moment he ducked his head to kiss my neck , his tongue licking along my pulse point . 
 `` i love it to hear you talk like that , vackra . 
 du v?nder mig , josephine , '' he said into my ear before his lips drifted to the other side of my neck . 
 my fingers gripped his taut ass to keep his slow , steady rhythm from stopping . 
 this time when he spoke , it was his voice i heard in my mind . 
 `` you are so wet for me . 
 do you want more ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 more ! '' 
 i panted . 
 he picked up the pace , our bodies starting to make the sounds i associated with our lovemaking : wet sounds of flesh against flesh , our cries and moans matched the frantic rhythm we 'd set . 
 `` more ! '' 
 `` more ? 
 you want more ? '' 
 stefan asked , his voice a deep rumble in his chest . 
 he leaned closer , the hard muscles of his chest pressing against my breasts , his strong arms on each side of my head , caging me in . 
 `` yes ! 
 harder , '' i begged , pulling my legs back and letting my heels dig into the firm cheeks of his ass . 
 his eyes darkened and his speed increased , our hips meeting at an almost brutal speed . 
 turning my neck to the side , i moved so my throat was exposed . 
 i wanted him to bite , to take everything i had to offer to him . 
 `` no ! '' 
 in a flash , he had moved us into a new position . 
 i was kneeling on the bed with my back pressed against his chest , my legs straddling his thighs . 
 he was buried inside of me , deeper than before and moving faster , one hand rubbing circles against my clit . 
 he bucked and i ground my pussy against him , calling out his name with every thrust . 
 he raised his other arm to his mouth and i heard the sound of his skin ripping , taken aback when he presented his bloody wrist to me . 
 `` drink from me while i fuck you . '' 
 his mental voice was heavily accented and filled with lust . 
 without any hesitation my lips attached themselves to him , greedily sucking on his wrist , enjoying the taste of his blood as it made its way down my throat . 
 it was n't until i felt his overwhelming emotions that i realized he had bitten me , our blood intermingling , making a complete circuit as we drank from one another . 
 `` we are one in every way , vackra . 
 heart , soul , body . 
 vi ? 
 r ett evigt . '' 
 his mental voice was my undoing and i climaxed hard , my body pulsating and shaking as my orgasm felt like it was ripping me apart violently from the inside out . 
 the sounds falling from my lips did n't even sound human . 
 they were primal grunts and growls , my hands clutching at his thighs as i clamped around him , gripping him with my inner walls . 
 i was n't alone either . 
 his answering roar was just as animalistic as he pulsed inside of me , his hands moving to grip my breasts in his large hands . 
 both of our thoughts were filled with our desire to please one another , to claim what we valued above all else . 
 our love . 
 we collapsed against the bed in a heap of arms and legs , lacking the strength or presence of mind to do anything but stay wrapped in each other . 
 his fingers drifted up and down my arm . 
 `` it does not matter what happens now or when we get back to new york . 
 you are mine , josephine . 
 nothing will take you away from me . 
 nothing . '' 
 `` stefan , it 'll be fine . 
 no one is taking anybody anywhere . 
 if kian tries anything , i 'll kill him myself before i let him hurt you or take me . '' 
 he turned me in his arms and placed his finger against my lips , silencing me . 
 his eyes narrowed and his face looked hard as he stared at me with his piercing eyes . 
 `` you and i both know it is not going to be fine . 
 it is a matter of how or when . 
 not if . '' 
 his hand gripped my face and he crushed his mouth against mine , his tongue slipping between my lips . 
 he rolled me to my back , deepening the kiss , his hands drifting to the nape of my neck , combing through the waves of my hair . 
 his lips were firm against mine , his mouth hungry and insistent . 
 i wrapped my arms around his back , pulling him closer to me as his thoughts spilled into my mind . 
 `` i will not lose you . 
 i can not lose you . 
 no . 
 i will rip apart anyone that attempts to take you from me . 
 jag kommer att titta p ? 
 dem drabbas p ? 
 mina h?nder och njuta i deras sm?rta . '' 
 i broke the kiss , wanting his way of thinking to stop . 
 `` enough ! 
 you are n't going to lose me . 
 stop talking that way , stefan . 
 you 're stuck with me . '' 
 his expression softened and he nipped at my lips playfully between his words . 
 `` as you are stuck with me . '' 
 he disentangled himself from me and stood , regretfully looking down at me . 
 `` as much as i wish to stay here , your friends will be arriving soon . '' 
 shit ! 
 the impromptu going away party . 
 i 'd been so wrapped up in worries about georgia , packing and then distracted with stefan that i 'd forgotten about the get together anna and lukas were planning . 
 lukas had taken off in his red convertible , heading off to meet anna to plan the last minute get together . 
 i 'd been hoping to say my goodbyes to anna and georgia separately and bypass a celebration , but once lukas had planted the seed in georgia 's mind , there was no going back . 
 anna just took over the preparations and i just needed to show up . 
 groaning loudly , i covered my eyes with my hands . 
 `` i know , i know . '' 
 he leaned over the bed and pulled my hands away from my face . 
 his blond hair fell across his forehead and his eyes sparkled teasingly . 
 `` shower ? '' 
 smiling despite myself , i nodded and sat up on the bed . 
 satisfied that i was right behind him , he turned and strutted towards the bathroom , six-feet-four inches of gorgeous perfection . 
 i could n't help but admire the view . 
 the muscles in his back moved as he walked , stretching and flexing . 
 and that ass ... `` let 's go get clean so we can get dirty again later . '' 
 he spun to face me , shock etched on his face . 
 i 'd finally managed to surprise stefan . 
 jumping up from the bed , i breezed past him , winking at him over my shoulder . 
 `` last one to the shower loses . '' 
 `` i do not think there is a loser if i get you in the shower , '' he said , speeding up to catch me and throw me over his shoulder . 
 he was right once again . 
 neither one of us was going to lose . 
 * * * by the time stefan and i made it downstairs after our failed attempt at getting clean in the shower , the unofficial party was under way . 
 lukas had some sort of latin influenced music playing on the stereo and was busy behind the bar mixing drinks . 
 anna was perched on one of the stools , sipping away on a margarita , laughing loudly at something lukas had said . 
 georgia stood beside them , uncharacteristically quiet . 
 she fiddled with her dark hair and appeared to be uncomfortable . 
 in other words , she was exhibiting very un-georgia like behavior . 
 glancing up at stefan , i shot him a concerned look . 
 he raised one of his blond eyebrows , and his mouth was set in a thin , straight line across his handsome face . 
 `` you need to talk to her and find out what she is thinking . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm afraid of what i 'll find out once i start talking to her . '' 
 his large hand slipped to rest against the small of my back , leading me towards the small group . 
 managing to plaster a huge smile on my face , i approached georgia first . 
 `` hey , georgia . '' 
 i reached out and hugged her lightly , concerned when she stood unmoving and stiff , her arms hanging at her sides . 
 i was relieved when she finally returned the hug and laughed lightly . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're here . '' 
 `` and miss your going away party ? '' 
 georgia asked , pulling away and patting my cheek with her manicured hand . 
 her smile was tight as her gaze flashed to stefan . 
 he was standing next to me , holding me close against his side . 
 her smile slowly faded as awareness swept over her face . 
 i had purposely left my shields down tonight so i could monitor georgia and her emotions were ... odd . 
 she was n't frightened of stefan , or even scared . 
 instead she was emoting smugness and resentment , yet had resigned herself to not cause any trouble . 
 unconsciously , she had recognized him for what he was , even though she did n't understand or have a name for it . 
 she sensed he was something different . 
 not exactly human , but something peculiar . 
 as stefan would say , interesting . 
 anna made a beeline to me , with a drink in hand . 
 she handed it to me and winked , her cheeks flushed . 
 she swayed back and forth for a moment before she whispered loudly to me . 
 `` drink this , josie . 
 lukas is the best bartender ever . 
 it 's a shame he 's gay because ... '' `` la la la . 
 i do n't want to hear it . '' 
 plugging my ear with my free finger , i shook my head to clear my head of anna 's drunken chatter . 
 i swallowed down half of my drink in one gulp as stefan 's handmade reappearance at my back and guided me towards lukas . 
 his ice blue eyes sparkled as i sat down at the small bar and watched me toy with the stem of my margarita glass . 
 `` i 'm glad you could join the party , josie . 
 it 's for you after all , '' lukas placed his hands on the bar and rested his weight on his forearms . 
 `` it must have been difficult to pull yourself away from the magic stefan possesses . 
 you know , his magic di ... '' `` shut your mouth , lukas ! '' 
 i hissed , pointing a finger at him as a blush spread across my face . 
 `` do n't shoot the messenger ! 
 anna and i were just talking . '' 
 he waved his hands in surrender . 
 `` i 've spent 175 years with him and i 've found out more about him since you 've been in the picture . 
 magic dick and all . '' 
 `` lukas , '' stefan muttered his name in warning . 
 lukas nodded and busied himself in cutting up a lime . 
 anna had wasted no time in telling lukas about our discussion today . 
 angrily , i glanced over my shoulder to glare at anna . 
 she was talking away to georgia but felt my eyes watching her and glanced up . 
 when she saw the expression on my face , she swallowed and diverted her eyes downward into her drink . 
 sensing my annoyance , stefan scooted my drink away and took me by the hand just as the music changed . 
 `` come dance with me ... it is the merengue , '' he said , leaning to whisper in my ear . 
 `` what is it with you and your obsession with dancing , stefan ? 
 i do n't know how to do this . '' 
 i tugged against him , attempting free myself of his grasp . 
 `` i love to dance with you . 
 come . '' 
 he began walking seductively backwards , pulling me along with him , his hips moving in time to the music . 
 he drew me to the middle of the spacious living room and spun me once around to face him . 
 he grabbed my right hand with his left and pulled me against him , his right hand splayed across my lower back . 
 his powerful thigh slipped between my legs and we started moving in a one-two rhythm , our hips swaying together to the music . 
 he twirled me around . 
 the infectious music and the enticing way we moved together were making my reservations slip away . 
 `` see . 
 you are having fun , yes ? 
 it is all in the leading . '' 
 his mind voice was smug as he tightened his grip on me . 
 stefan seemed to love dancing almost as much as the way my hips moved to the music , if i judged solely by how often his hand would drift down my back to brush against my ass . 
 he 'd then wink and twirl me out , pulling me back against him . 
 it was then that i let my eyes sweep over his chest , watching every muscle ripple beautifully as he moved in sync with me . 
 finally , i looked up and our eyes met , his blue eyes were glowing as our legs and feet moved quickly to match the beat . 
 the song ended and he dipped me backwards until my hair touched the floor . 
 when he pulled me back up , his lips aligned with mine . 
 they were soft , his breath warm and sweet . 
 he kissed the side of my mouth , brushing my lips against mine until they parted to allow him in . 
 his soft tongue filled my mouth and our tongues met in a lazy duel , each moment that passed increased the strength of the kiss until i could barely breathe at all . 
 his lips pulled back , although he did n't look away . 
 his eyes were focused on mine with a force that almost brought me to my knees in front of him . 
 i realized we were in the middle of the living room with three sets of curious eyes focused on us and i shyly cleared my throat . 
 `` we ca n't do this now , stefan . '' 
 he pouted for a moment , his teeth catching against his full bottom lip , releasing his grip on my hand and waist . 
 his hand cupped my face , his thumb tracing against my cheekbone . 
 `` i know . 
 it was entertaining while it lasted . '' 
 giving him an affectionate shove , i did n't resist when his fingers interlaced with mine . 
 we rejoined our little group that had been watching our display with fascination . 
 georgia was the only one that chose to speak . 
 `` you love her . '' 
 her statement sounded more like a question and it was directed to stefan . 
 he looked down at her for a moment before he replied . 
 `` as i have told you many times , i love her more than my own existence , '' stefan paused and studied georgia 's unsmiling face . 
 `` if i had to sacrifice my life for her , there would be no choice . 
 she will always come first . '' 
 `` you 'll take care of her ? '' 
 he let out an exasperated sigh . 
 `` georgia , did i just not tell you how i felt for josephine ? '' 
 `` yeah , yeah . 
 i just had to ask . '' 
 she smoothed her hand over her dark hair . 
 `` i have friends in new york , you know . 
 i 'll be visiting you . 
 a lot . '' 
 his entire body tensed for a split second . 
 i 'm sure georgia missed it ; however being familiar with his mannerisms i was quick to notice the change in his demeanor . 
 `` josephine will be thrilled to see you . '' 
 he squeezed my fingers tightly . 
 georgia smiled an unnatural , peculiar smile . 
 it was forced , as if she 'd watched other people and was mimicking it , the perfect replica of a real smile with no actual emotion behind it . 
 an alarm bell rang loudly in my head , causing my stomach to knot with dread as i observed my friend . 
 whatever was happening to georgia was n't going to end well . 
 i could n't see around the voids and swirls of darkness to figure out what she 'd gotten herself into , or the better question , with whom . 
 `` something is n't right , stefan . 
 she 's different . 
 she 's not the same georgia anymore . '' 
 i sent my thoughts to him and cleared my throat audibly . 
 stefan met my anxious gaze and his handsome face tensed his chiseled jaw clenching as he ground his teeth . 
 `` georgia , if you will excuse us , we need to talk to lukas , '' stefan said , smiling apologetically at georgia . 
 he looked away from me to study georgia 's face as he waited for her reply . 
 she only nodded and focused back on her drink . 
 stefan pulled me into the kitchen and started pacing . 
 `` explain what is n't right . '' 
 stefan 's mind voice was demanding and eager for information . 
 `` she 's putting off weird emotions . 
 she realizes something is n't right but ca n't figure out why . 
 and her smile ... it 's like she imitating what a smile looks like . 
 there 's no feeling behind it . 
 is this because of what you had to do ? '' 
 his pacing stopped as he rested against the countertop and his hands gripped his hair . 
 `` i would assume the change in her personality has to do with me removing part of her memories . 
 it was traumatic for her to discover that there are vampires , to know what we are and what you are , only to then rip those from her and replace those with scant recollections of watching a movie and going to bed . 
 i feared this would happen . '' 
 his head fell back against his broad shoulders . 
 his hands tensed to make fists and then he relaxed them again . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 i flinched at his sudden expletive . 
 moving to stand in front of him , i placed my hands against his hard chest and looked up at him . 
 our eyes met and his were stoic . 
 `` this seems like more than that , stefan . 
 so what happens now ? '' 
 `` for now , nothing . 
 we watch , we listen and we wait . 
 this could be temporary . '' 
 i did n't move . 
 my hands were still on his chest and i stood breathless . 
 `` and if it 's not temporary ? '' 
 he let out an audible chuckle , dry and humorless . 
 `` you know the options , josephine . 
 she will either die or be forced to accept the truth again . 
 or be changed . '' 
 his hands floated along my arms . 
 `` do not ask me to change her . 
 i will refuse . '' 
 a cold chill ran along my spine . 
 i could n't force stefan to do anything he did n't want to do . 
 and he 'd attempted to save georgia already . 
 if she had n't been so damn nosy and impulsive we would n't be having this discussion about the precarious fate of her life right now . 
 `` so we wait . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i am proficient at waiting . 
 i waited 200 years for you . '' 
 i loved him for attempting to lighten the mood . 
 i just found it hard to be jovial when my friend 's life was dangling by a slowly unraveling thread . 
 `` come . 
 they will start to wonder what happened to us . 
 it is time for us to smile and act like nothing is amiss . '' 
 we walked hand in hand back to rejoin my friends , vaguely noticing that stefan and i both were wearing the same grin georgia had been displaying earlier . 
 on the surface , it appeared like we did n't have a care in the world , but it covered our fear and concerns . 
 we were suddenly the actors in our world of secrets , smiling widely to hide the truth . 
 my unintentional crash course tonight gave me an understanding of what it was to be immortal . 
 you had to learn to blend in with humans ; mimic their laughter , their happiness , and their smiles . 
 yet you were always on guard , watching and anticipating when a human would put the pieces together and figured out your true nature . 
 how had stefan lasted almost 1,000 years and still maintained any humanity ? 
 it was frustrating and i 'd only just now realized what my life was going to become . 
 `` yes . '' 
 stefan 's mind entered mine and interrupted my thoughts . 
 `` this is your life now as well . '' 
 he was right . 
 thanks to my parents , i was dealt a bad hand and i had no other option but to play this game beside of him , smiling , calculating , watching , and staying vigilant . 
 i was an immortal oddity , my blood neither entirely human or vampire . 
 conversations went on around me and i nodded and laughed in all the right places . 
 i drank , ate and watched as the festivities went on around me . 
 i was n't really here with them . 
 i 'd retreated to a corner of my mind where i observed and thought , figuring out the next move of what had rapidly become a very complicated life . 
 georgia and anna finally were going through the motions of gathering their things together to leave . 
 they pulled me into a group hug and i was reassured to feel both of their emotions filled with affection and sadness . 
 maybe the old georgia was still there , underneath it all . 
 `` i 'll miss you both , '' i sputtered as i embraced them both . 
 `` do n't you dare avoid my calls , '' georgia warned . 
 she leaned back to look in my eyes , lifeless for a moment until they sparkled again . 
 she seemed to be operating on a 10 second delay . 
 `` josie , i 'll call you tomorrow . 
 you still need to sign paperwork to list your house , '' anna said , tugging georgia along with her out the door . 
 they stood in the doorway and turned to look back at me . 
 georgia crooked her fingers in a small wave and anna winked at me . 
 when they disappeared into the bali night , i let out the breath i 'd been holding all night . 
 `` this is it , is n't it ? '' 
 i said aloud . 
 stefan and lukas flanked me on both sides as we watched their departure . 
 `` for their sake it has to be , josie , '' lukas replied . 
 he placed his hand on my shoulder and squeezed it affectionately . 
 `` the sooner you let them go , the easier it is for you and for them . 
 this is the hardest part . 
 after 50 years or so , this wo n't be so difficult . '' 
 lukas ' words ricocheted in my head . 
 in 50 years i 'd be 78 and i 'd appear just as i look now , living a life surrounded my immortal creatures . 
 attempting to be human , struggling to fit in . 
 unreal . 
 `` is it still worth it ? '' 
 stefan 's soft voice questioned me . 
 i turned to face him and saw the worry that lined his handsome face . 
 he was still afraid at any moment i 'd run and come to hate the life i had in front of me . 
 what could i do ? 
 i had no choice but to live my life . 
 i had n't chosen it any more than stefan had chosen to be turned that cold spring night as he lay dying on a funeral pyre almost 1,000 years ago . 
 `` for you , it 's worth it , '' i replied , leaning into his embrace . 
 stefan sighed contentedly against my hair and pulled me closer . 
 `` god , you two make me sick . 
 an eternity of this mush . 
 if i could vomit i would right now , '' lukas groaned and flitted off . 
 stefan chuckled at lukas ' disgusted departure . 
 he let go of me long enough to retrieve a blanket from a closet . 
 `` i have something to show you . 
 come with me . '' 
 my curiosity roused , i followed along . 
 i 'd learned that stefan 's surprises were usually worth investigating . 
 * * * stefan 's surprise had been worth it . 
 we 'd been laying on the beach , looking at the stars and listening to the waves as we alternately kissed and whispered to each other . 
 it was nice to be alone , away from the worries and drama from the evening . 
 our connection was soothing , a comforting bond that made everything easier to handle . 
 `` our last night in bali , '' stefan said . 
 he sat up on the blanket he 'd spread across the sand and pulled me to sit along beside him . 
 our eyes met and he stared lovingly at me . 
 i found myself unable to look away from the depths of his blue eyes , glittering brightly in the moonlight . 
 `` yes . 
 and i get to spend it with you , '' i replied softly . 
 i could n't imagine ever spending a night apart from him now . 
 we were forged together irrevocably , two parts of a whole . 
 a smile broke over his handsome face , revealing his even white teeth . 
 he glanced to stare at the ocean for a moment , his blond hair shining in the darkness . 
 his profile was glorious with his deep set eyes and the strong line of his jaw . 
 when he turned back to look at me , i knew i could look at him a million times and it would always be like that first night we met . 
 `` we have many more to spend together . 
 i have thousands of nights to make love to you . 
 i lived a half-life until i met you on the beach that night . 
 i thought it fitting that we end our time here the way we began , '' stefan murmured . 
 his thoughts mirrored my own and we met half way for a slow kiss . 
 his mind opened up to me and i saw myself through his eyes . 
 he looked past all of my imperfections and only saw the good and the beauty in me . 
 it was n't possible to feel more wanted and loved than i did in this small moment in time , leaving me in awe of this creature that always saw more in me than i dared to see in myself . 
 i was n't sure what i had ever done to deserve his love . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 stefan got to his feet and took my hand , leading me to the edge of the water that was sweeping across the deserted stretch of beach . 
 we stood silently , our hands intertwined as we listened to the erratic tempo of the ocean hitting the sand . 
 he released my hand and he stripped out of his jeans and t-shirt , throwing them to the sand . 
 his fingers were quick and nimble as he removed my dress , unzipping and pulling it over my head to toss in the pile with his own clothes . 
 we stood naked in the darkness , our bodies so close they were almost touching . 
 he clasped each side of my face in his large hands , his soulful eyes searching my face . 
 he smiled , leaning to capture my lips in a kiss that was reverent and soft , filled with love and adulation . 
 pressing my body closer to his , electricity sparked between us when our skin touched , a maelstrom of emotions unleashing inside of me : desire , need , lust and love , each sentiment warring for control . 
 he lifted his lips from mine , only to see the same passion mirrored in his heavy eyes . 
 he wordlessly lifted me into his arms , carrying me out into the ocean , the warm waves splashing against our skin . 
 we advanced a few yards until the water reached the top of his narrow waist and nearly covered my breasts . 
 stefan twirled me around through the water in front of him and his long arms cradled me to his chest , his wet fingers trailing lightly over the skin of my back . 
 our lips met tenderly and our embrace tightened . 
 `` float back , '' stefan instructed , releasing me from his arms . 
 i complied , falling back into the sea , my hair floating in the water around me . 
 he spread my legs and drew me closer to him , the salty water keeping me afloat . 
 his fingers teased my pussy softly , occasionally plunging in , while his other hand caressed my nipples , rolling and making them pebble under his touch . 
 i was filled longing , trembling under every expert touch of his hand . 
 `` please , '' i begged . 
 he smiled , his thoughts filled with delight that i had begged for him yet again . 
 he took his cock in his hand and poised it at my entrance , pulling me slowly towards him until our bodies were completely joined together , both of us letting out a soft sigh of satisfaction . 
 `` stefan , '' my voice came out as a breathless whisper . 
 i was n't able to manage much more than that . 
 `` i love you , vackra . '' 
 we made love slowly under the moon and the stars , our bodies moving easily through the water , with gentle thrusts and an easy rhythm that rocked me to my core . 
 as he slid inside of me , my eyes traced the beads of water that was clinging to his arms and chest , hypnotized at watching the smooth , sinewy muscles ripple with his fluid movements . 
 when i fell over the edge , it pulled me gently , my body shaking with the aftershocks of my orgasm . 
 he joined me , quietly crying out my name . 
 he gathered me in his arms and i wrapped myself around him as the gentle waves splashed against us . 
 hugging him closer to me , i rested my cheek against his shoulder and pressed a kiss against his neck . 
 `` i should be sad , '' i whispered . 
 i knew he could hear me over the surf . 
 `` i 'm not though . 
 i 've never been happier even with all of the bullshit . '' 
 `` the bullshit will not be forever . 
 it is a blip on the radar of our long lives , '' he responded . 
 `` hold on . '' 
 locking my legs around his waist , i held on as he walked us out of the ocean . 
 even though i was content in his arms , part of me wished i could see him striding naked out of the ocean . 
 he had to look like some sort of nordic god rising from the sea with his gleaming blond hair and glowing skin . 
 `` you compared me to such the night we met if i am remembering it correctly , '' he teased as he let me slide from his arms to stand on the sand beside him . 
 `` hmm . '' 
 i stood back and looked over him , from his thick wet hair , down over his broad shoulders and muscular chest . 
 my eyes traced over the ridges of his toned abdomen to finally sweep over the length of his long , solid legs . 
 `` well ? '' 
 `` fucking beautiful . '' 
 i used his words from our first night together ; the night that forever changed my life . 
 `` min gudinna . '' 
 he closed the distance between us and cradled my face in his hands . 
 `` you were worth the wait , vackra . '' 
 * * * anna stayed true to her word . 
 she 'd phoned early the next morning , agreeing to meet at my villa . 
 she needed to take photographs and have me sign the necessary contracts giving her permission to represent me in the sale of my house . 
 i 'd snagged the keys to stefan 's car since my jeep had been donated to charity and been picked up the day before . 
 slipping behind the wheel of his audi , i drove the familiar route to my house , anxious to get the paperwork signed and get back to catch our flight later in the afternoon . 
 as i pulled into the driveway , i was surprised to see lukas with anna , standing at the rear of anna 's car . 
 putting the audi into park , i stepped out of the car and glanced between anna and lukas . 
 `` hey anna , '' i hugged anna briefly . 
 `` what are you doing here , lukas ? '' 
 `` i 'm saying goodbye to anna , '' lukas replied abruptly . 
 his ice blue eyes lacked their normal sparkle and he seemed reserved for lukas . 
 normally , he 'd find some way to sexually charge the conversation or tease me . 
 he was reserved , standing uncomfortably between us . 
 `` alright , let 's get this show on the road . 
 i do n't have much time . '' 
 anna was prepared and made short work of snapping pictures around the house , leaving lukas and i alone in the living room . 
 he sat nervously on the edge of the couch , cracking his knuckles and rolling his neck from side to side . 
 `` is something wrong , lukas ? '' 
 i asked as i watched his odd behavior . 
 he looked down at the floor and refused to meet my eyes . 
 `` i hate to fly . '' 
 lukas ' behavior was peculiar , but i could n't put my finger on exactly what was different . 
 he 'd been very quiet and detached . 
 he normally loved to be the center of attention , thriving on it . 
 `` ok , josie . 
 get your ass in here and sign this contract so you can be on your way . 
 lucky bitch , '' anna called out from the kitchen , her voice breaking through my mental musings about lukas . 
 when the room started to come back into focus , the first thing i felt was the back of my head throbbing . 
 attempting a groan , it was muffled , my mouth gagged , a cloth shoved between my lips . 
 and my hands and feet ... they were numb from the tight cord that had them bound , tied behind my back and strapped to a chair in the kitchen . 
 the events leading up to this started to come back to me , flooding my brain in an overload of information . 
 the last thing i remembered was seeing anna 's eyes widen in surprise and feeling the impact of the blow when everything went dark . 
 anna and lukas ! 
 where were they ?!? i instantly lost the last of the grogginess that was fogging my brain and forced myself to think . 
 bringing down my shields , i concentrated on trying to sense her emotions . 
 immediately i was bombarded with her overwhelming fear , her panic mixing with my own , amplifying and intensifying my own terror . 
 attempting to free my hands from my restraints , i heard a deep , condescending laugh from behind me . 
 struggling even harder , a male voice spoke , heavily accentuated with a southern accent . 
 `` you ca n't get away and you 're wasting your time and energy . 
 are you looking for this ? '' 
 derek stepped into my line of vision , gripping anna by the back of her neck . 
 her hands were tied in front of her and as he thrust her ahead of him , i noticed that her face was streaked with tears and blood was running from one side of her nose , her cheek bruised and swollen . 
 `` we meet again , josephine . 
 i 'll remove your gag as long as your promise to remain quiet . 
 one shout , one scream , and your friend dies . 
 got it ? '' 
 glancing from derek to anna , a solitary tear escaped from my eye and ran down my face as i nodded to him . 
 derek reached and yanked the rag from my mouth . 
 i wearily watched derek as he stepped back , still holding on to anna tightly . 
 `` good girl . '' 
 he forcefully shoved anna to the kitchen floor and she fell at my feet , her muffled cries of fear and pain renewing my efforts to get myself free . 
 i frantically twisted and turned my wrists until they burned and i could feel the wetness of my blood trickle down my wrists . 
 `` humans are so easy to fool . 
 even half-breeds like you and your idiotic brother are n't much better . '' 
 derek 's voice distracted me for a moment , my eyes scrutinizing him as he wandered around the the room , stopping to pick up random items . 
 as i observed him , the thought crossed my mind that if he was n't such an arrogant , evil psychopath he 'd be handsome with his dark hair and gray eyes . 
 i closed my eyes for a moment and tried to push my shield out to see if i could wrap it around derek . 
 either i needed my hands to control it , or i was too frightened . 
 my numerous attempts to direct it seemed useless . 
 sighing in defeat , i opened my eyes to resume watching him as he leisurely strolled around the kitchen . 
 derek pulled another chair across the floor , the legs scraping loudly across the wood floor as he pushed it to sit directly in front of me . 
 he leaned back , his gray eyes cold as steel as they looked over me . 
 he then let his cold stare flicker to anna , who was trying to hide behind my legs the best she could with her hands restrained . 
 `` what exactly do you want , derek ? '' 
 i rasped . 
 my throat was parched and dry from the gag that had been shoved in my mouth . 
 `` what do i want ? 
 i 'd enjoy this more if stefan was here beside you . 
 unfortunately for your friend , she happened to be in the right place at the wrong time . '' 
 he laughed again , his head falling backwards against the chair , his grating cackle echoing throughout the villa . 
 he was still snickering as reached over and grabbed anna by her hair and pulled her between his legs , his fangs at her neck . 
 her eyes went wide with fear and her entire body trembled as he let his fangs drag across her skin . 
 derek wanted me , not anna . 
 she was a pawn in this sick game he was playing . 
 a desperate mixture of dread and terror settled over me as i fully realized the seriousness of the situation we were in . 
 `` anna , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` save your sorries . 
 i 've been sent to do a job . 
 i was supposed to bring you back . 
 i 've decided that i 'm going to say i had no choice but to kill you both . '' 
 he released anna 's hair and she dropped back to the floor . 
 i repeatedly pulled at my restraints , wincing as the cord dug deeper into my wrists . 
 `` who sent you , derek ? 
 and where is lukas ? '' 
 i asked , trying to keep him talking . 
 the longer i could keep him occupied with conversation , the more time it kept us breathing . 
 derek picked up an old magazine from the table and flipped through the pages , not really focusing on any of the articles . 
 without looking up , he snorted . 
 `` like i 'm going to tell you anything . 
 you do n't know what my ability is , do you ? 
 lukas was never here , i simply took on his form . 
 i can shift into any vampire i choose . 
 it 's a handy talent to have since you both bought it . '' 
 he puffed up his chest and smiled smugly . 
 prick . 
 he had n't totally fooled me . 
 i thought back to how strange lukas ' behavior was earlier . 
 it did n't make sense then , although now it made my earlier suspicions seem justified . 
 `` derek , you know who my father is . 
 if he finds out what you 've done you 'll meet your final death . 
 and if kian does n't kill you , stefan will finish you . 
 let us go now and it 's over , '' i whispered , hoping he 'd buy my lie . 
 stefan would never let this go . 
 he 'd follow derek into the depths of hell to have his revenge and derek was smart enough to know it . 
 i was simply stalling , trying to keep him talking and his brain , regardless of how little , occupied . 
 i wondered how much time i could buy anna and myself before stefan realized i missing ? 
 would we still be alive ? 
 derek had been able to sneak around stefan 's ability somehow too . 
 but how ? 
 he closed the magazine , slapping his hand on the table with so much force that the wood splintered under the pressure . 
 anna and i both jumped and she cowered against me , letting out another terrified sob . 
 `` you . 
 you are nothing ! 
 you use kian 's name and your heritage when it suits you and you turn your back on your father any other time . '' 
 his voice faded , raising an eyebrow as a thought occurred to him . 
 a cruel smile broke over his face . 
 `` stefan will be too preoccupied mourning your unfortunate demise to worry about killing me . 
 if i 'm lucky , he 'll seek out his own death . 
 pussy , '' derek jeered , his words laced with hatred and resentment . 
 a new emotion surged through me . 
 anger . 
 i struggled to remain calm , trying to concentrate on strategies to keep him talking , aware that it would be the only chance we stood to make it out of here alive . 
 derek was hell bent on killing us , regardless of the consequence . 
 `` derek , let anna go , '' i begged . 
 `` she has nothing to do with this . '' 
 a terrifying , reptilian smile broke over his face , his grin so wide it nearly split his face . 
 `` why would i do that ? 
 i do n't want her precious blood go to waste , silly girl . '' 
 he clicked his tongue against his fangs . 
 `` i 'm going to make you watch me slowly drain your friend until she dies . 
 you can see her life fade away while you sit there , helpless . 
 i 'm going to take my time with you , josephine . 
 it 's a pity stefan wo n't be here to watch you die . '' 
 i swallowed roughly and the room went out of focus as his words washed over me . 
 it was n't a matter of how i was going to die , it was when . 
 it was a waste of time trying to talk him into sparing anna 's life , or my own . 
 he had no humanity left inside of him . 
 he was simply a cold blooded , sadistic killer . 
 even though i knew it was pointless , i started to chant stefan 's name over and over like a mantra in my mind , praying that somehow it would get him to me faster . 
 it helped me focus on staying present instead of letting panic totally overtake me when i needed to keep my mind focused . 
 derek leaned forward with a sneer on his face . 
 `` i know all about your meeting with nigel and your brother about your whore of a mother , '' derek spat , crossing his legs at his ankles . 
 `` did nigel tell you how he fucked her while she was still married to your father ? 
 if nigel was n't so important to the council , he 'd have met his final death as well . 
 your mother was easy to dispose of . 
 humans always are . '' 
 shrugging off his words , i struggled to keep my face neutral . 
 `` nigel told me everything . 
 and what nigel did n't tell me , nikolaus showed me . '' 
 this seemed to intrigue him and his eyes flashed to me . 
 `` what do you mean he ` showed you ' ? '' 
 i let out a hoarse laugh . 
 `` kian does n't know what nikolaus can do , derek . 
 he can read kian 's tiny mind like a book . 
 i know everything ... and i mean everything . 
 so does stefan ... and lukas . 
 and you know how lukas is . 
 he likes to talk . 
 a lot . '' 
 derek 's smug expression faded . 
 a look of disbelief took its place . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` do i have to spell it out for you ? 
 nikolaus can read human and vampire minds , derek . 
 he can also transfer the thoughts , at least to me . 
 he showed me everything my father has done . 
 even the things i did n't ever want to see . '' 
 i leaned forward as far as i could , waggling my eyebrows and lowering my already hoarse voice to a whisper . 
 `` you know , private things . '' 
 `` you know nothing ! '' 
 his eyes narrowed and he glanced between anna and myself , as if he was engaging some sort of internal battle . 
 derek blurred to anna and sunk his fangs into her neck , swallowing deep mouthfuls of her blood . 
 anna tried futilely to get away , straining against him . 
 `` no ! 
 she 's innocent ! '' 
 i cried out , pulling against my restraints . 
 the chair wobbled in my futile effort to try to free myself and get to anna . 
 she sagged against him as her strength started to wane and derek let her fall from his arms . 
 he ripped his teeth from her neck , leaving gaping holes in her throat , her blood running down her neck to drip slowly on the floor by my shoes . 
 watching her blood drip from her neck , i did the only thing i could do for her . 
 i needed to distract derek , keep him occupied in talking . 
 if he chose to drink from anna again , he 'd kill her . 
 playing my final card , i revealed the secret i knew would bother derek the most . 
 `` i know my mother may have cheated on kian , but he was no better . 
 he flaunted women in front of her and ... oh , never mind . '' 
 my voice faltered and i looked away . 
 derek was at my side before i could blink . 
 he yanked my head backwards so i was forced to look at him . 
 `` start talking . 
 what do you know ? '' 
 `` i just did n't realize you swung that way , derek . 
 i have to admit , it was a shock to find out you were kian 's little play thing until i saw it all play out in my brother 's mind . 
 nikolaus has a vivid memory and pays attention to details . 
 like the juicy little tidbit about you and my father . 
 you slept with kian while my mother was still alive . 
 numerous times . '' 
 i smiled brazenly , bracing myself for his wrath , aware that it would more than likely involve pain . 
 `` was it just about the power , or do you love actually love him ? 
 kian does n't give a shit about you . 
 you know that , right ? 
 you 're a piece of ass to him . 
 so tell me derek , who 's the whore now ? '' 
 he backhanded me , the force tipping the chair backwards . 
 my head slammed against the side of the table , my cheek stinging from the impact of his hand . 
 i saw double , the room spinning as i struggled to stay conscious . 
 stefan 's face flashed in my mind and i focused on his image , willing myself to keep fighting . 
 i promised stefan i would n't let anyone separate us . 
 i was going to do everything in my power to keep myself alive as long as i could . 
 derek grabbed my hair and pulled me upright by the hair . 
 biting the inside of my lip to stifle my cry , i refused to let him know the amount of pain i was in . 
 he leaned close to whisper in my ear , his voice a condescending song . 
 `` look josephine , your friend is almost dead . 
 soon you 'll get to join her . '' 
 cringing under the weight of his body and fangs against my neck , the door to the villa flew open , startling derek . 
 stefan momentarily darkened the doorway , becoming a streak of blond as he blurred through the room , his powerful body colliding with derek 's as he was yanked from me , the momentum of stefan 's speed crushing him against the wall . 
 stefan had him by the neck , his large hand wrapped around the smaller vampire 's throat . 
 his blue eyes were dark as he glanced away from derek to focus on me . 
 `` josephine , did he harm you ? '' 
 tears filled my eyes as i struggled to find my voice . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 stefan ... '' `` lukas , take care of her while i finish this . '' 
 stefan focused back on derek , his deep voice missing its normal inflection . 
 the enforcer had surfaced and stefan had taken a backseat to his other side , the dark part of himself i 'd never seen . 
 i felt his mind close off from mine , severing the link between us . 
 lukas sped to my side and ripped the thick cords away with his fingers , freeing my hands and legs . 
 rubbing my already healing wrists , i collapsed to the floor to cradle anna in my arms , pulling the gag from her mouth . 
 she stirred weakly and coughed , her eyelids fluttering and blood leaking from the corner of her mouth . 
 i looked at lukas anxiously . 
 `` lukas , she 's dying . '' 
 lukas was motionless as he stared down at anna in horror . 
 he covered his mouth with his hand and looked at me with his frightened , arctic blue eyes . 
 `` lukas , you have to help me ! '' 
 i shrieked at him frantically . 
 `` look at her ! '' 
 he shuddered and shook his head . 
 `` i 'll kill her , josie . 
 i wo n't be able to stop . 
 i ca n't do it . '' 
 gasping back a sob , i held anna closer to me . 
 i smoothed her hair back from her pale , clammy face as i spoke to her and put my hand against her neck , applying pressure to try to stop the flow of blood . 
 `` do n't you die on me , anna . 
 hold on , please hold on . '' 
 derek 's sudden scream of pain brought my attention back to the one-sided battle playing out in front of me . 
 stefan was slowly and systematically torturing derek , inflicting blow after brutal blow to derek 's face and torso . 
 he was unrecognizable , his eyes almost swollen shut and his lips split and bloody . 
 stefan stopped his punishing attack and gripped derek 's right arm . 
 he leaned down so his face loomed in front of him , his expression deadly and calm . 
 `` i had hoped that when i had my opportunity to kill you i would have more time to torture you . 
 however , we have a plane to catch . 
 this is for touching what is mine , '' stefan growled as he ripped the arm from the socket , the sound making a wet , snapping noise . 
 he let the limb fall from his hand to roll across the kitchen floor , the fingers of derek 's hand still twitching . 
 derek 's face contorted in pain , letting out an anguished scream as he dropped to his knees in front of stefan . 
 `` please , no more . 
 i 'll give you anything you want . '' 
 stefan 's expression never changed but his voice dripped with contempt as he spoke . 
 `` look at you . 
 you beg and cry like a child . 
 you had no issue torturing my mate and her friend . 
 neither begged as you do now . 
 the only thing you can offer me in return for their pain is your agony . 
 this is for hurting what is mine . '' 
 stefan slammed his fist repeatedly into derek 's sternum in a series of powerful blows . 
 derek fell backwards to the floor , making a futile attempt to pull himself away with his one remaining arm . 
 `` you can not leave now , derek . 
 we are just beginning to have fun . '' 
 stefan took a step and placed his enormous boot against derek 's chest , stopping his failed escape . 
 stefan reached down to yank derek 's other arm off with one swift pull , ignoring his tortured wail as he carelessly tossed it over his shoulder to join the other appendage . 
 there was a part of me that knew i should be disgusted and should look away . 
 instead , i stared transfixed as stefan grasped him by his torn and bloody shirt , jerking him to his feet . 
 he held derek 's head in his large hands . 
 a menacing smile was on stefan 's lips as he brought derek 's face within inches of his . 
 derek tried to instinctively recoil from him , making stefan snicker with enjoyment as resignation flashed across derek 's face . 
 `` here we are again , derek . 
 how many centuries have we danced around your death ? 
 you have been lucky . 
 each time your life was spared by the board because of your talent . '' 
 stefan taunted coldly . 
 `` this time there is no one to save you . 
 you attacked my mate and now your life is mine to dispose of . 
 the fate of your life ... your depraved , vile existence is in my willing hands . '' 
 stefan 's voice lowered to a murmur . 
 `` m ? 
 gudarna skicka dig direkt till helvetet . '' 
 with a flick of his wrists , derek 's head detached from his neck with a sickening crunch . 
 his body began disintegrating as it fell to the floor , slowly turning into a pile of ash . 
 stefan did n't give a second glance at the head in his hands . 
 he let it slip from his fingers and derek 's head wobbled and twirled across the wood floor until it came to rest against the refrigerator . 
 stefan turned to face me , approaching me cautiously . 
 he knelt beside of me , his eyes sweeping over me , visually examining me . 
 he was covered in derek 's blood , matting his blond hair and staining his handsome face . 
 he glanced down at anna in my arms , exhaling a deep breath . 
 `` you have to save her , stefan . 
 anna ... she does n't deserve to die like this . '' 
 i blurted out . 
 i could hear the anguish in my voice . 
 `` josephine , please do not ask me to turn her , '' stefan reached to touch my cheek and i pulled away , refusing to let him lay a hand on me . 
 a rare look of hurt flashed across his face before he promptly buried it . 
 in its place , his handsome features arranged into a stony mask . 
 `` please . 
 i ca n't let her die like this . 
 please , '' i pleaded with him , rocking anna gently . 
 `` i 'd do it if i could but i ca n't . 
 please , stefan . 
 please . '' 
 `` vackra , you do not understand what you are asking me to do . 
 is this a life she would want for herself ? 
 she knows nothing of our existence , '' stefan reasoned . 
 `` it may be much too late to save her . '' 
 still holding anna , i reached out to grab his hand with mine . 
 his blue eyes were piercing as i met his stare . 
 `` i do n't know if she would want this , stefan . 
 this should be me here on this floor dying . 
 not her . 
 please , stefan . 
 i 'm begging you to save her . '' 
 he squeezed my hand and his broad shoulders sagged . 
 `` i can deny you nothing . '' 
 stefan sighed in defeat and took anna from me . 
 he held her in his arms , his fangs sinking into her neck . 
 he drank from her , stopping to slice open his wrist with his teeth . 
 he placed his bloody wrist against her lips and watched as his blood trickled into her mouth . 
 his wound healed and he carried her into the living room , gently placing her limp body on the couch . 
 he stood over her , simply staring at her prone form . 
 `` it is done . '' 
 scrambling to my feet , i rushed into the living room where i launched myself at his chest . 
 i did n't care about the blood or the gore . 
 i just wanted to feel him against me , to know that he was here with me . 
 `` is she going to make it ? 
 did it work ? '' 
 i mumbled against him . 
 `` we will find out in two days . 
 she may have been too far gone for me to save her . '' 
 stefan reminded me . 
 he wrapped his arms around me , his fingers stroking over my hair . 
 `` thank you , stefan . 
 i was so scared . 
 i thought i 'd never see you ... '' `` never say those words , '' stefan interrupted me . 
 `` you made me a promise . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i love you . '' 
 stefan placed his head against mine as i gave into my tears . 
 i cried for anna , for my mother and for the happiness i felt to be at stefan 's side and to be able to tell him i loved him . 
 without moving , stefan stared barking out commands to lukas , his voice clipped and sharp . 
 `` lukas , go to anna 's home . 
 pack as much of her personal belongings as possible and grab her passport . 
 got to her place of employment and force your will on all of her co-workers there . 
 tell them anna decided to return to the us . 
 call nigel . 
 make sure to tell him that my favorite bird stopped singing today . 
 he will send someone to take care of this mess for me . '' 
 for once , lukas had no smart remark or witty response . 
 he inclined his head and dashed from the house , his phone already at his ear . 
 stefan reluctantly released me from his arms as he blurred into action . 
 he also began making phone calls , pacing the floor . 
 his words and steps were too fast to follow . 
 my eyes moved from watching stefan 's dizzying pace to drift over the pile of ash scattered across the floor , raising to take in the blood that was splattered against the ivory walls of the kitchen . 
 not knowing what else to do , i sat down beside anna , taking her cold , lifeless hand in mine . 
 i knew she could n't hear me , and i could only hope the magic of stefan 's blood would save her now . 
 `` i did what i thought was best , anna . 
 i hope you do n't hate me for this . 
 i could n't let you die . 
 not like that . '' 
 stefan stopped to rest his hand on my shoulder , rubbing my shoulder in comfort . 
 he was still on the phone but his voice had slowed to a normal pace . 
 `` we need to delay our take off time by two hours . 
 something unexpected happened and you need to make the necessary changes to the itinerary . '' 
 he ended the call without saying a goodbye and closed his eyes , attempting to run his fingers through the dried blood in his hair . 
 `` stefan , i 'm sorry . 
 i. . . '' 
 he shook his head and held up his hand to stop my words . 
 `` vackra , i only wanted to turn one other person in my life . 
 you . '' 
 he let out a resigned sigh . 
 `` plans change . 
 anna will have to adjust to this life and she may not be happy if and when she awakes . 
 you must prepare yourself for that . '' 
 rubbing my forehead with my palm , i rested my pounding head against my hand . 
 `` so she 'll hate me for begging you to change her . 
 and then she 'll hate you for doing it . '' 
 he crouched down beside of me , his blue eyes softening . 
 `` do not be sorry and you can not worry about the what if 's now . 
 you loved your friend and wanted to save her . 
 i understand . 
 we will deal with the consequences of this together . '' 
 stefan stood , offering me his outstretched hand . 
 `` come with me , vackra . 
 i started the shower for us , '' `` should i stay with her ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i wanted to go with him , but i was hesitant to leave her unattended . 
 `` josephine , she is fine . 
 we still have a plane to catch . 
 we just have an extra passenger now . '' 
 stefan uttered softly . 
 `` shower with me . '' 
 letting go of anna 's hand , i reached for his . 
 i followed him into the bathroom and watched him as he tore his bloody , ruined clothing from his body . 
 when he was finished , he faced me and his blue eyes bored into mine . 
 `` i want to see you , '' stefan murmured . 
 he stepped closer and took my arms in his hand , inspecting the angry , red marks that still encircled my wrists . 
 his eyes closed for a moment and he inhaled a shaky , unnecessary breath as his fingers gingerly traced the welts on my skin . 
 his beautiful blue eyes reopened and he swallowed unevenly . 
 as if he was convincing himself to continue , he licked his lips and nodded , his hand releasing my wrists . 
 he raised his hand to brush his thumb over the bruise that was forming on my cheekbone , his fingers trailing down the side of my face . 
 `` stefan , sweetheart . 
 it 's over . '' 
 i cupped my hand against his stubbled cheek . 
 `` you ca n't kill him again . '' 
 he swallowed again and pressed his face against my hand . 
 he said nothing , his blue eyes unblinking . 
 `` stefan ? 
 you have to talk to me , '' i said softly . 
 his mind was still closed to me and his silence , both mental and verbal , was unnerving . 
 he shook his head and his jaw clenched . 
 he stood taller and simply stared down into my eyes , his expression one i 'd never seen before . 
 he looked ancient and flinty , the lines of his face severe . 
 `` if you wo n't let me see what you 're thinking you have to tell me . '' 
 the corner of his lip flinched . 
 when he finally spoke , his voice was deep and filled with bitterness . 
 `` you saw what and who i am today . 
 i want him to meet a thousand deaths for what he did to you . 
 i longed to torture him for days , punishing him for touching you . 
 is that what you wished to hear me say ? 
 `` what you did today is n't you . 
 it 's only part of who you are , '' i retorted softly . 
 `` will holding on to this change what he did , stefan ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he chuckled and his eyes traced along my discolored cheekbone . 
 `` however , it would satisfy the selfish part of me that wants vengeance . '' 
 my hand lowered from his face to rest against his silent chest , placing my hand over where his heart would be beating if he was still alive . 
 `` you have to let this go , stefan . 
 let this go for you , for me . 
 for us . 
 he 's dead and you saved me . '' 
 `` you watched as i savagely killed a creature in front of you . 
 i tell you how i wanted him to suffer more and it is you that soothes me . 
 you have to see the absurdity in this , '' stefan marveled . 
 he gathered my shirt and ripped it up the middle , dropping the scraps of material to the bathroom floor . 
 he made short work of removing my jeans , tossing them to join the growing pile of destroyed clothing . 
 he lifted me into the shower with him and the spray of the hot water ran over us , the water dripping red trails down his chest as it ran over his tangled , bloody hair . 
 `` sit down . 
 let me wash your hair . '' 
 i pointed to the seat in the corner . 
 i could wash away the blood and the gore , yet i ached to have to power to wash away his all-consuming anger and need for revenge . 
 he obeyed and sat on the small bench , his large frame filling the entire corner of the shower . 
 he closed his eyes as i lathered his hair with shampoo , a purring sound grumbling in his chest as my nails scratched over his scalp . 
 grabbing the handheld attachment , i rinsed his hair and watched as the pink suds disappeared , revealing his shiny blond hair . 
 reaching for the bar of soap , i washed him , my slick , bubbly hands running over every curve and muscle of his body . 
 when i finished , i lowered my lips to his soft mouth . 
 my hand gripped the back of his neck , pulling him closer to me . 
 my tongue slipped between his lips , seeking out his . 
 when they met , he moaned into my mouth , his fingers running through my hair . 
 he pulled me onto his lap , our embrace never breaking . 
 i only raised my lips from his for a moment to catch my breath and he buried his head between my breasts , leaving me to wrap my arms around him and hold him as he breathed deeply against my wet skin . 
 `` you saw me at my darkest moment , yet somehow you still manage to love me . '' 
 i pressed my cheek against his damp hair . 
 `` i 'll always love all of you . 
 everything was wrong until you made it right . '' 
 his shoulders shook in response to my words . 
 all i could do was hold him to me and let him have this moment , absently stroking his hair while the shower rained down on us . 
 * * * somehow we managed to make it to denpasar internation airport in time to catch our flight . 
 stefan had a final hushed phone conversation with nigel during the trip to the airport . 
 as we sped towards our plane , i noticed a black car parked near the hangar . 
 a stocky vampire in a dark suit stood with his arms crossed in front of him , waiting for our arrival . 
 stefan parked the car and unfolded himself from the car , his tall frame approaching the much shorter man and placed a key ring in his outstretched hand . 
 the dark haired vampire inclined his head and disappeared into the black sedan , driving off into the early evening bali night . 
 i could only assume he was the one responsible for cleaning up the mess that we left behind at my villa . 
 opening my car door , i stepped out onto the concrete , inhaling the humid air . 
 stefan popped the trunk and began setting luggage beside his car . 
 lukas carefully picked up anna 's slack body and carried her up the steps , disappearing inside of the plane . 
 `` get settled inside , vackra . 
 i will need to talk to the crew and i will join you in a moment . '' 
 `` please hurry . '' 
 his blue eyes were somber as he glanced my way and nodded , turning his attention to two men that were waiting for his instructions . 
 climbing up into the plane , i ducked inside and looked around , my eyes stopping as they focused on anna lying on the couch . 
 lukas had placed a blanket over her and if i did n't know better , i would assume she was sleeping . 
 if only ... `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 lukas ' soft voice beside of me pulled me out of my thoughts . 
 turning to face him , i reached out and pulled him to me in a gentle hug . 
 obviously caught off guard by my burst of emotion , he awkwardly patted my back . 
 i released him and looked into his blue eyes , holding each side of his face in my hands . 
 `` do n't be sorry , lukas . 
 you were honest . '' 
 lukas smiled weakly and walked to stand at the edge of the couch , shifting his eyes to examine anna for a moment . 
 `` she 'll be fine with this , josie . 
 if she wakes up to her new life , she wo n't hate you if you 're worried about that . '' 
 his voice wavered as he moved to sit by her on the couch . 
 he glanced at the floor before fixing his searching gaze on me . 
 `` did he really look like me ? '' 
 between to hearing the big ` if ' of anna 's fate and the mere thought of derek made an icy finger of dread run down the length of my spine . 
 `` yes . 
 he looked exactly like you and even sounded like you . 
 he could n't pull off the mannerisms though . '' 
 he pursed his lips for a moment . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 i wanted to roll my eyes at him . 
 `` the lip pursing and whole fists on your hip thing you do . 
 he did n't know your mannerisms . '' 
 lukas stood up with his hands on his hips when stefan 's presence in the place brought our conversation to a halt . 
 he lowered himself into one of the leather upholstered seats and held out his hand for me to join him . 
 crossing the small plane , i went to sit in the seat beside of him . 
 he stretched his long arm over to me and my hands automatically closed over his wrist , my thumbs running over the raised veins . 
 `` thank god for laptops and headphones , '' lukas muttered as he moved from the couch and found his own seat , up two rows from where we were sitting . 
 i leaned over to peek out the window of the plane , saying goodbye to the place where my life truly began . 
 i continued to stroke small lines across his wrist , enjoying the feeling of his satiny skin under my fingertips . 
 `` my life began that night i saw you across the restaurant , vackra . '' 
 he 'd been reading my mind again . 
 i swiveled in the chair to face him , a small smile across my lips . 
 `` it 's not fair to cut your mind off from me and still freely pick through mine , you know ? '' 
 i asked . 
 a ghost of a smile graced his face for the briefest of moment . 
 he watched my fingers as they stroked his skin . 
 `` i never claimed to play fair , josephine . '' 
 `` stefan , let me in . '' 
 my mind brushed against his , missing our mental connection . 
 his eyes snapped up to mine and he slowly let his thoughts flow , his presence a gentle hum in the back of my mind again . 
 happy to have the connection back , i rested my head against the seat and simply continued stroking his wrist and admiring the vampire sitting next to me . 
 he looked exhausted , his face drawn and heavy , the usual quirk to his lips had been replaced with a slight frown . 
 `` i heard you , josephine . 
 you called for me and i heard you . 
 all the miles between us and i heard your voice . 
 you were like a beacon , calling me to you , '' stefan softly mused . 
 `` i could only hear you say my name , over and over . 
 it was maddening , hearing your cries and being so close , yet so far away . 
 i knew as long as i heard you , you were still alive . 
 that was my only consolation . '' 
 my fingers stopped moving over his wrist and i leaned out of chair to search out his downcast eyes . 
 `` you heard me ? 
 how ? '' 
 a slight smile pulled at the side of his mouth as his sea blue eyes glinting as they flickered up to meet mine . 
 `` we are one now . '' 
