 chapter one london , 1810 `` what the devil are you doing in my club ? '' 
 julienne looked across the massive mahogany desk into blue eyes the color of which she 'd never seen before . 
 somewhere between deep blue and purple , they were fringed with thick black lashes that were shamefully wasted on a man . 
 `` i need to find my brother , '' she said , lifting her chin in defiance . 
 one black brow arched . 
 `` a message left with the doorman would have been simpler , miss. . . '' 
 `` lady . 
 julienne . 
 and i attempted to leave messages . 
 i have yet to receive a response . '' 
 she shifted in her chair as the broadcloth trousers chafed the delicate skin of her derriere . 
 the wig itched , too , but she refused to embarrass herself further by scratching . 
 `` dressing as a man was an original touch . '' 
 she heard the laughter in the velvety voice and scowled . 
 `` how else was i to gain admission to a gentleman 's club ? '' 
 julienne resisted the urge to flee as lucien remington rose from behind the desk and rounded it . 
 she licked suddenly dry lips as she took in his height and the breadth of his shoulders . 
 he was even more devastating up close than he had been across crowded ballrooms . 
 black hair and tanned skin displayed his sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 extraordinary eyes to perfection . 
 a strong jaw and generous mouth bespoke of his sensual nature , which was lauded far and wide by well-pleasured ladies of his acquaintance . 
 `` exactly , lady julienne . 
 a gentleman 's club . 
 those garments do not disguise the fact that you are all woman . 
 ridgely 's foxed , or insane , not to have noticed . '' 
 his perusal paused briefly on her br ** sts before rising to meet her gaze . 
 `` no one noticed , '' she muttered . 
 `` i noticed . '' 
 and so he had . 
 almost immediately . 
 she 'd been in the club only five minutes at most before he 'd grabbed her by the elbow and pulled her into his office . 
 but then , it had taken her only five minutes to make a mess of the whole affair . 
 his voice softened . 
 `` what is so urgent that you would take such drastic measures to speak with your brother ? '' 
 as he leaned against his desk directly in front of her , the material of his trousers stretched over firmly muscled thighs . 
 he was so close she could feel the heat emanating from his body . 
 she smelled a hint of tobacco and starched linen , and another delicious scent that could only be the man himself . 
 remington cleared his throat , drawing her attention . 
 julienne flushed at the knowing smile that curved his lips . 
 she straightened her spine , refusing to be cowed despite how beautiful he was or how flustered he made her . 
 `` my reasons are my own . '' 
 remington bent , bringing his mouth inches away from hers . 
 `` when your reasons include my club , i reserve the right to know what they are . '' 
 julienne 's gaze was riveted to his lips . 
 if she leaned forward just a tiny bit , she could touch them with her own . 
 would they feel as soft as they looked ? 
 he pulled away , then lowered to his haunches and placed his large hands on her knees . 
 she jumped at the heat that burned through the broadcloth . 
 `` who is your brother ? '' 
 he asked . 
 julienne 's mouth parched the instant he touched her , making speech difficult . 
 lucien remington was simply gorgeous . 
 she 'd always thought so , always compared her suitors to him and found them lacking in all respects . 
 no one was as handsome , or as interesting , or as ... wicked . 
 her tongue flicked out to wet her bottom lip , and his eyes followed the movement . 
 an ache came to the place between her legs . 
 julienne attempted to push his hands away , but when she touched his skin , her palms burned . 
 she pulled away quickly . 
 `` a gentleman does not put his hands on a lady , '' she scolded . 
 his hands slid higher , squeezing gently , his mouth gifting her with a roguish smile . 
 `` i never claimed to be a gentleman . '' 
 and he was n't , she knew . 
 his determination and ruthless business acumen were the stuff of legend . 
 if it was n't precisely prohibited in writing , lucien remington would do it . 
 he showed no leniency when it came to expanding his empire . 
 he was widely disparaged for his `` vulgar pursuit of money , '' but julienne found it rather thrilling . 
 he cared nothing for the regard of others , a nonchalance she wished she could affect herself . 
 `` now , about your brother ... ? '' 
 `` lord montrose , '' she blurted . 
 a devilish smile teased the corners of remington 's mouth . 
 `` that explains why he has n't answered your messages , sweetheart . 
 the earl owes me a great deal of sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 money . 
 i suspect he 's avoiding me . '' 
 she said nothing , but she clenched her fists . 
 their situation must be worse than she 'd thought . 
 it was common for hugh to carouse and spend days on end with his scapegrace associates . 
 from experience she knew he most likely was n't in danger . 
 but that did n't ease her worry . 
 or their predicament . 
 `` why do n't you tell me what you need ? '' 
 remington coaxed , his long fingers rhythmically kneading her lower thighs . 
 `` perhaps i can help . '' 
 the sensations he elicited spread up her legs and into her br ** sts , flushing her skin . 
 her n ** ples hardened . 
 `` why would you want to do that ? '' 
 his powerful shoulders flexed as he shrugged . 
 `` you are a beautiful woman . 
 i like beautiful women . 
 especially troubled ones who require my assistance . '' 
 `` so you can take advantage ? '' 
 she stood , her thoughts and body in turmoil , and his hands fell away . 
 `` i should not have come in here . '' 
 `` no , you should n't have , '' he agreed , his voice soft . 
 remington rose at the same time , towering over her . 
 the top of her head barely reached his shoulders , and julienne was forced to tilt her head back to look at him . 
 she turned to leave , but his grip on her elbow stayed her . 
 heat radiated from his fingers and spread through her body . 
 `` unhand me , '' she ordered in an unsteady voice . 
 `` i wish to leave . '' 
 she did n't , not truly , but she must . 
 remington 's proximity was doing terrible things to her . 
 wonderful , terrible things . 
 things it most likely did to countless other women . 
 he shook his head and grinned . 
 `` pity that , since you 're not going anywhere . 
 not until morning . 
 you 've created enough of a stir as it is , coughing brandy all over lord ridgely . 
 returning to the floor , however briefly , would stir up the whole mess again . 
 you 've wounded his pride , and he 's a pompous ass . '' 
 `` what do you suggest i do then ? '' 
 the amusement in his eyes never wavered . 
 `` you 'll stay the night in one of the rooms upstairs . 
 i 'll entertain ridgely and his cronies until the whole debacle is forgotten . '' 
 she gaped . 
 `` you 're mad ! 
 i can not remain in this establishment overnight ! '' 
 remington laughed . 
 the deep , rich sound gathered around her like an embrace and made her shiver . 
 but she was n't cold . 
 to her dismay , she was growing hotter by the moment . 
 she could n't help it with the way he looked at her . 
 julienne had seen that look before . 
 but no man had ever dared to give it to her . 
 she found she rather liked it . 
 `` you went to a hell of a lot of trouble to get in here , '' he purred . 
 `` and now you 're anxious to leave ? '' 
 julienne sidestepped , but he did n't release her . 
 `` my need was especially dire . 
 i apologize for any trouble i - '' `` you do n't sound very sorry . '' 
 `` i 'll leave immediately , '' she offered . 
 `` you 'll leave in the morning . 
 the hour is late . 
 the streets are n't safe . '' 
 `` my aunt will worry , '' she argued . 
 `` i 'll send lady whitfield a note . 
 she 'll know you 're well . '' 
 she stilled , her eyes narrowing . 
 `` how do you know about my aunt ? '' 
 `` i know everything about every one of the members of my club . 
 especially those who enjoy lines of credit . '' 
 remington 's thumb began an absentminded caress of the hollow of her elbow . 
 julienne felt the warmth of his touch all the way to her bones . 
 `` i know your parents died when you were very young and your aunt eugenia 's been your guardian for years . 
 you and montrose are always running roughshod over her . 
 your brother is brash , hotheaded , and still too young for the responsibilities of his title . 
 you 're always bailing him out of one mess or another . 
 and now i know how seriously you take that responsibility . '' 
 she looked away , flustered that he knew such intimate details . 
 `` do you also know how sick to death i am of that chore ? '' 
 she said finally , surprising herself with the admission . 
 his voice turned soft and sympathetic . 
 `` i 'm certain you must be . 
 but you 've done an admirable job . 
 there 's not been even a breath of scandal attached to the la coeur name . '' 
 julienne looked up at him , overwhelmed by his nearness . 
 she felt slightly tipsy , but she could n't blame it on the brandy . 
 lord ridgely was presently wearing most of it . 
 remington led her across the room and pulled the bell . 
 `` i 'll have one of the courtesans give you a night rail . 
 you 'll be comfortable . 
 my hospitality is legendary . '' 
 she scowled . 
 `` that 's not all that 's legendary . '' 
 unperturbed , he gave her a wink . 
 a lock of silky hair fell across his forehead , and julienne fought the unaccountable urge to brush it away with her fingertips . 
 an attendant came , and remington drew him aside . 
 when the servant left , she tried again to reason her way out of trouble . 
 `` mr. remington , i must insist you allow me to leave . 
 it is most improper for me to spend the evening here . '' 
 `` and masquerading your way into my club is proper ? '' 
 remington 's brilliant gaze hardened with determination . 
 `` you 've created an inconvenience for me , sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 lady julienne . 
 the least you can do is minimize the damage . '' 
 everything they said about the man was true . 
 single-minded . 
 stubborn . 
 relentless . 
 she could always slip away . 
 she was good at - `` do n't even consider sneaking out , '' he warned . 
 `` i 've already instructed the attendant . 
 you wo n't get far . '' 
 `` of all the - ! '' 
 she sputtered . 
 abruptly the wall opened , revealing a hidden passageway and a young , scantily dressed woman . 
 `` escort my '' - he shot her an amused glance and chuckled - `` lady friend to the sapphire room , janice . 
 give her a night rail , and order her a supper tray . '' 
 the courtesan 's eyes widened as she studied julienne with obvious interest . 
 with a hand at the small of her back , remington propelled her toward the opening . 
 he bent low , his lips brushing her ear . 
 `` stay in your room until i send for you in the morning . 
 i would hate for you to be seen without your disguise . '' 
 julienne stared at the open portal . 
 `` do n't you have one of these that lead out - '' `` no . 
 this goes from here to my room . 
 nowhere else . '' 
 she shivered as his breath danced across her throat , the feeling so intimate as to have been almost a caress . 
 `` mr. remington , is there any way i could convince you of the impropriety of this arrangement ? 
 i 'm truly sorry to have disturbed you . '' 
 his blue eyes darkened , and he opened his mouth to speak . 
 then he shut it and shook his head . 
 `` go on now , '' he urged in a husky whisper . 
 `` i have work to do . '' 
 muttering under her breath , julienne followed janice into the secret hallway , feeling remington 's eyes on her until she disappeared from sight . 
 it took only moments to reach the upstairs gallery , where the courtesan ushered her into an sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 opulent bedchamber . 
 as soon as she stepped inside , julienne paused , entranced . 
 the sapphire room was the loveliest room she 'd ever seen . 
 the walls were covered in deep blue-and-cream stripes of silk , the massive bed was layered in lush indigo velvet , and the parquet floors were covered with rich aubusson rugs . 
 she spun slowly , attempting to picture remington here . 
 `` my lady ? '' 
 julienne started in surprise at the use of her courtesy title . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 janice smiled . '' ' 
 t is impossible to hide good breeding . 
 i 'll go now and fetch you something else to wear and some supper . 
 i wo n't be long . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 i 'd be very grateful to get out of these clothes . '' 
 after the courtesan left , julienne tossed the wig into the coal bucket and sank into a chair , once again admiring the luxuriousness of her surroundings . 
 remington 's gentleman 's club was a pleasure den , a bastion of male comfort and iniquity . 
 hugh had steeped himself in the environment , surrounding himself with erotic novels and scandalous peep-show boxes , as well as a social circle made up entirely of debauched rakes . 
 she 'd been forced to study the enemy simply to know what she faced . 
 well , that was n't entirely true . 
 julienne had to admit she was curious about carnal relations . 
 she hated to be in the dark about anything , and aunt eugenia was no help at all , stuttering and stammering every time she was asked anything of a sexual nature . 
 the books and contents of the boxes had answered many of julienne 's questions , but in the process they had raised many more , and unfortunately they had told her nothing about how to remove hugh from his path of self-destruction . 
 standing , she crossed to the window and stared at the darkened london skyline . 
 remington 's was hugh 's favorite establishment , and after seeing the inside of the sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 famous club , julienne could understand why . 
 he 'd been absent for a week , which was not unusual , but the hounding creditors were driving her mad . 
 usually hugh dealt with them , charming them into allowing him a few more days . 
 she , on the other hand , had no notion of what to say , and while the duns strove to be polite to her , they grew angrier by the day . 
 there would be hell to pay when hugh showed his sorry hide again . 
 but in the meantime , she was inclined to think her adventure had been worth it just for the few stolen moments she 'd enjoyed of lucien remington 's company . 
 the fact was , the possibility of seeing him up close , of hearing his voice , of watching him at her leisure , was what had prompted this plan . 
 finding hugh would have been a bonus . 
 under no other circumstances would julienne have been allowed to make remington 's acquaintance . 
 she knew very little about him , since he was not a fit topic for unmarried ladies . 
 furtive eavesdropping in retiring rooms had only whetted her appetite to learn more . 
 but there was one thing she knew for a certainty : lucien remington was a naughty man . 
 and she rather liked that about him . 
 he knew how to enjoy himself without running headlong into the poorhouse . 
 in fact , rumor said he was one of the richest men in england . 
 she hoped hugh could learn similar self-restraint and financial acuity . 
 releasing a deep breath , julienne turned toward the bed . 
 at times she truly hated being an earl 's daughter and all of the social strictures that came with that station . 
 she wished she could be like her abigail , who was seeing the neighbor 's footman and was blissfully in love . 
 instead julienne would be forced to marry for prestige and money . 
 it really was n't fair . 
 playing the martyr did n't suit her nature . 
 hugh made his own messes , and as far as she was concerned , he should clean them up himself . 
 unfortunately , that was n't the way it would be . 
 but her dreams were her own . 
 and if those dreams were of lucien remington and his wicked smiles , no one else would ever have to know . 
 lucien strode to the sideboard , poured two fingers of brandy , and tossed the fiery liquid back in one gulp . 
 he 'd lost his damn mind . 
 there was no other explanation for forcing lady julienne la coeur to stay . 
 his hand went to the front of his trousers and rubbed the length of his aching erection . 
 his arousal was ridiculous . 
 she was dressed in men 's clothing , for christ 's sake ! 
 closing his eyes , he pictured the sway of her h * ps in those trousers as she 'd left the room . 
 his c * ck throbbed in response . 
 hell and damnation ! 
 he should have shoved her out the door . 
 gently , of course , but shoved with haste , nevertheless . 
 instead he had sent her upstairs to the room that adjoined his . 
 she was an innocent , that was painfully obvious , but despite her unfamiliarity with sex , she was no stranger to desire . 
 she 'd looked at him as if she wanted to eat him alive . 
 and , god , he 'd love to allow her to . 
 with very little effort , lucien could imagine sliding his c * ck in and out of her delectable mouth . 
 it would feel like warm silk ... he groaned as his trousers grew even more uncomfortable . 
 with a muffled curse , lucien set his empty glass on the desk and walked to the bookshelf . 
 glancing quickly through the spines , he located the file for the earl of montrose . 
 the earl 's entire monetary history could be found in here , from the amount he owed his tailor to the balance in his bank account . 
 lucien had been aware that montrose was playing too deep . 
 any other patron would have lost his credit privileges long ago . 
 but lucien had left the young earl 's accounts open , for one reason and for one reason only-he wanted sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 julienne la coeur . 
 he 'd coveted her across many a crowded ballroom . 
 tiny but temptingly voluptuous , with dark blonde hair and mischievous eyes , julienne had stolen the breath from him at first sight . 
 he 'd wanted to approach her , to beg a dance with her , so he could hold her in his arms . 
 but his reputation as a notorious rake and debauched libertine , as well as his livelihood in trade , had made him vastly unsuitable for even an introduction , let alone a waltz . 
 so he 'd allowed montrose , his one connection to julienne , to continue playing , to keep him close until he could think of a way to get to his sister . 
 lucien was n't certain what he 'd do with julienne when he caught her . 
 perhaps he could seduce her and ease his craving . 
 maybe a longer association would be required . 
 he honestly did n't know what he wanted . 
 he only knew that he wanted . 
 badly . 
 never in his wildest imaginings -lrb- and his imaginings could get pretty wild -rrb- had he ever thought she would come to him . 
 and dressed as a man , no less . 
 but he rather liked that she had . 
 it took a formidable will to risk such a scandal . 
 and she 'd stood up to him , before whom even some dukes cowered . 
 julienne la coeur was no simpering miss . 
 now she was upstairs , preparing to slip into one of his beds . 
 he could imagine her curls spread across his silk-covered pillows , her head thrown back with pleasure , as he rode her hard and deep . 
 she 'd be ravishing all flushed with passion ... hang it ! 
 he was driving himself mad . 
 before he aroused himself enough to do something he 'd regret , lucien returned the file to the shelf and exited to the gambling area . 
 he wandered among the sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 gentlemen of the beau monde , keeping an eye on who was winning and who was losing . 
 he directed the courtesans toward members who looked to be in need of a little amusement , and signaled the servers to water the drinks of those who looked to be falling too far into their cups . 
 he socialized with patrons who sought him out , and paid attention to the quantity and quality of food leaving his kitchens . 
 busy with work , he was able to pass some time without a full-blown cockstand . 
 but as the hours passed and more gentlemen made use of the courtesans , his mind wandered back to julienne . 
 beautiful , untouchable julienne . 
 he 'd watched her draw wallflowers out of their shells and turn the beau monde 's social dragons into purring p ** sycats . 
 and he coveted her gentle regard . 
 lucien left the main floor and made his way upstairs . 
 before he realized it , he stood in the bedroom he reserved for his own use when the lateness of the hour or sheer exhaustion made it impractical to go home . 
 he hesitated in front of the connecting door to the sapphire room . 
 his erection was back , hot and throbbing in the tight confines of his trousers . 
 he rested his forehead gently against the portal , knowing julienne was just inside , so close . 
 achingly close . 
 he paused and took a deep breath . 
 he reached for the doorknob and was gratified when it turned . 
 julienne had n't had the foresight to turn the lock . 
 fortuitous , or a disaster ? 
 lucien could n't be certain . 
 a gentleman would walk away . 
 of course , a gentleman would n't have come up here in the first place . 
 but then he 'd never claimed to be a gentleman . 
 before he could think better of it , lucien pushed the door open and walked right in . 
 chapter two julienne woke , alerted to the presence of someone else in the room . 
 she was a light sleeper , always had been , and she lay quietly , attempting to ascertain who 'd entered . 
 `` you 're awake . '' 
 she stiffened . 
 that velvety voice was unmistakable . 
 sitting up in the massive bed , she held the sheet to her neck and glanced toward the door . 
 light filtered in around lucien remington 's tall form , casting half his features in shadow . 
 he looked like the devil incarnate , all raw power and luscious dark masculinity . 
 `` you woke me , '' she censured in a sleep-husky voice , her body taut as a bow . 
 her dreams had been fraught with images of him . 
 his hands on her , his lips melded to hers , his hard body pinning her down ... nocturnal fantasies she enjoyed with only the tiniest amount of guilt . 
 `` this is most improper , mr. remington , '' she said sharply , hiding the heady excitement she felt . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 he came toward her with his long-legged stride , a sexual predator in motion . 
 stopping by the bed , he lit the taper on the side table . 
 his mouth fell open when the circle of light revealed her . '' 
 jesus ! 
 you 're nak * d ! '' 
 he accused , stumbling backward with an expression of horror . 
 `` hence the reason you should not be in here . '' 
 julienne pulled the sheet up higher sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 and gestured with a toss of her chin toward the transparent negligee slung over a chair . 
 `` being nak * d seemed no better or worse than wearing that . '' 
 he never took his eyes from her . 
 `` i should have allowed you to leave , '' he mumbled , shaking his head . 
 she colored . '' 
 you should leave . 
 you have no right to enter my room . '' 
 he 'd backed up almost to the door when she stopped him . 
 `` has my brother arrived ? '' 
 she asked eagerly , pushing her hair away from her face . 
 remington stood frozen by the doorway . 
 `` no , '' he croaked . 
 `` montrose is not here . '' 
 he stared at her for a long moment before blurting , `` are you comfortable ? '' 
 `` am i - ? '' 
 julienne frowned , confused by the sudden change in topic . 
 `` yes , i was quite comfortable . '' 
 `` and the food ? 
 did you enjoy it ? '' 
 `` the food was excellent . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` your entire establishment is breathtaking . 
 i 'd heard rumors , of course , and hugh-er , montrose-raved about the beauty of this place , but nothing equals actually seeing it with my own eyes . 
 it 's very impressive . 
 i admire what you 've accomplished here . '' 
 `` you ad - ? '' 
 he swallowed hard . 
 `` thank you . 
 i 'm pleased you like it . '' 
 `` you must hear that often . '' 
 `` actually , '' he admitted , `` that was the first instance where someone other than my parents expressed admiration for me . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 julienne did n't know what to say . 
 she knew what others said about him , but she was saddened to realize he knew it as well . 
 `` is that why you came ? 
 to check on my welfare ? '' 
 an uncomfortable silence descended . 
 `` perhaps i 've come to ravish you , '' he said finally . 
 she choked and then laughed aloud , even as her stomach did a little flip . 
 `` that 's the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard . '' 
 remington 's eyes widened . 
 `` why ? 
 you do n't believe i would want to ravish you ? '' 
 julienne rubbed her forehead and shook her head , wondering if she was dreaming this mad encounter . 
 `` mr. remington , you are the handsomest man in all of england . 
 your reputation is well known to me . 
 i am aware a libertine like you would have no interest in a green debutante like myself . '' 
 he moved toward her again with painful slowness , as if he pulled against his will . 
 `` the handsomest man in england ? '' 
 he queried softly . 
 `` is that your personal opinion , or one you repeat from the mouths of others ? '' 
 she twisted at the waist as he approached , hiding her bare back . 
 `` both , '' she admitted . 
 she raised a finely arched brow . 
 `` i did not take you to be a man of vanity , mr. remington , but if you are , and you require confirmation of your attractiveness , i would be more than happy to oblige you ... in the morning . 
 at the present time , i would appreciate - '' `` i 'm curious , my lady , '' he interrupted , his mouth curving intimately . 
 `` how would you confirm my attractiveness ? '' 
 julienne grew wary at the hot flicker she saw in his eyes , the same look he 'd given her in his office . 
 she liked it , but lord above , she was nak * d ! 
 the whole situation was ... thrilling ... but far beyond her experience . 
 clutching the sheet firmly with one hand , she held out the other to halt his advance . 
 he stopped immediately . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` to ravish you . '' 
 he said it so simply , his expression so earnest , that she was momentarily sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 rendered speechless . 
 oh , he was wicked . 
 and far more interesting than the other men of her acquaintance . 
 `` you can have any woman you want . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 his smile was wistful . 
 `` i ca n't have you . '' 
 her breath caught . 
 `` you 're very good , '' she said finally , honestly awestruck . 
 she 'd never seen such a talented rogue . 
 `` charming , seemingly sincere . 
 i can see how you 've managed so many conquests . 
 but really , i am not worth the effort , i assure you , although i am flattered . '' 
 remington laughed . 
 `` sweetheart , you 're amazing . 
 you dress as a man to sneak into my club , tolerate my extorting you into spending the night , and then feel flattered when i barge into your room and tell you i want to ravish you . '' 
 his voice softened when he said , `` i wish i could keep you . '' 
 the expression on his face made her heart race . 
 julienne felt light-headed and dizzy all over again . 
 then she was struck with a thought that made sense , unlike all the others that swirled in her head . 
 `` have you been drinking ? '' 
 he moved casually to the chair and sat . 
 `` tell me why you want to find your brother , and i 'll tell you why i came in here . '' 
 `` if you 're interested in conversing with me , can you at least allow me to dress ? '' 
 his blue eyes glittered with eagerness . 
 `` in the negligee or the trousers ? '' 
 her mouth fell open . 
 this really had to be a dream . 
 an odd , wonderful , bizarre dream . 
 `` i do n't know how to deal with a man like you , mr. remington . '' 
 she was out of her depth . 
 `` you can start by calling me lucien , '' he suggested . 
 `` then you should probably begin screaming . 
 most debutantes would have run from the room in terror by sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 now . 
 i 'm a stranger to you except for my scandalous reputation , which decries me as a hedonistic seducer of women . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` i 'm not afraid of you . 
 you 've no need to force yourself on a woman . '' 
 `` who said i would have to force you ? '' 
 he purred seductively . 
 `` good grief , '' she muttered , rolling her eyes . 
 `` you deliberately cultivate your image , do n't you ? 
 i 'd wager you 're not as bad as they say . '' 
 one side of his mouth twitched in amusement . 
 `` no , '' he agreed . 
 `` i 'm much worse . 
 if you were n't the purest , sweetest , most beautiful thing i 've ever seen , i would have already had you on your back , with your heels in the air . '' 
 julienne 's mouth parted in surprise , and she looked away , her face flushed . 
 he was a perfect scoundrel to say such things , but she did n't care . 
 strong , virile , and devastatingly handsome , lucien remington was her fantasy come to life . 
 he had been since the first moment she 'd seen him at the milton country rout . 
 taller than most of the other men there and heavily muscled like a common laborer , lucien had permanently imprinted himself on her memory when he 'd inclined his head toward her with a rakish wink . 
 she 'd not passed one night in the month since without dreaming of him in ways no proper lady would dream about any man , not even their husbands . 
 ah , what she would n't give to be brazen and desirable , if only for a moment . 
 she would love to be the kind of woman who could retain the interest of a man like lucien . 
 the thought made her sigh aloud . 
 `` bloody hell . '' 
 she looked up in surprise and was startled by the anguished look on his face . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` why do you look like that ? '' 
 lucien stood and rounded the backside of the chair , putting the piece of furniture between them as if she posed some grave threat to his person . 
 `` because you look like that ' t i know what you 're thinking , and you must cease . 
 now . '' 
 `` my thoughts happen to be none of your business . '' 
 she waved toward the door . 
 `` the hour is late , and i 'm tired . 
 i 'm undressed , and - '' `` i wanted to watch you sleep . '' 
 julienne blinked . 
 `` beg your pardon ? '' 
 `` you asked me why i was here . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` i wanted to watch you sleep . '' 
 she frowned , confused . 
 `` why would you want to do that ? '' 
 lucien remington , notorious voluptuary , watching her sleep ? 
 how much more intimate that seemed than ravishment . 
 she studied him , noting his hands gripping the back of the chair so tightly his knuckles turned white . 
 it could n't be possible that he was interested in her . 
 it was so against his known nature , she simply could n't credit it . 
 he preferred mature , and usually married , women . 
 `` are you feeling unwell , mr. rem-er , lucien ? 
 perhaps you are slightly in your cups ? '' 
 `` i am not in my cups ! '' 
 he growled . 
 `` but i am decidedly unwell . 
 i 'm coming undone . 
 and damn it , the way you look at me tells me you feel the same . 
 i 'm not an honorable man , and i do not aspire to be one . 
 i 'll take your innocence and walk away without looking back . 
 you 'll be ruined , julienne . 
 i 've been panting after you for weeks . 
 weeks . '' 
 he shoved away from the chair and began to pace . 
 `` i wish to god you had not come into my club . '' 
 julienne gaped . 
 from the moment she 'd arrived in london at the start of the season , her life had seemed to turn completely upside down . 
 her brother was missing , creditors hounded montrose hall , and lucien remington wanted to bed sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 her . 
 she could n't decide which event was most disturbing . 
 her skin grew hot and tight , her body achingly uncomfortable . 
 `` are n't you going to say something ? '' 
 he snapped . 
 `` shout at me . 
 call me a cad , or worse , if you have the coarse vocabulary to do so . 
 tell me to leave . '' 
 when she just stared at him , wide-eyed with incredulity , lucien approached her and grabbed her by the shoulders . 
 he shook her roughly . 
 `` do something ! 
 anything , damn it , to make me go . '' 
 his fingers kneaded restlessly against her skin , as if he could n't bear not to touch her . 
 she stared mutely at the ferocious man who held her . 
 his voice , his words , his countenance-never in her life had she seen such passion . 
 to think she had inspired such a display shocked her to silence . 
 and thrilled her . 
 `` tell me to leave , '' he repeated harshly . 
 `` before i do something we 'll both regret . '' 
 `` go , '' she said , her voice so soft it was less than a whisper . 
 but it was enough . 
 lucien released her and walked away with angry strides . 
 as the door closed behind him , julienne felt an odd panic , as if once he left she would never see him again , which was partially true . 
 she would never be allowed to speak to him , to touch him , since simply looking at him was a grave offense . 
 once he walked out that door , her time with him would be over . 
 forever . 
 and she simply could n't bear it . 
 `` lucien ! '' 
 she cried in dismay , willing him to come back to her . 
 instantly , the door swung open , and he was in her arms . 
 chapter three julienne la coeur smelled heavenly . 
 her skin was like the finest silk , her br ** sts full and generously swelled as they pressed against his chest . 
 lucien did n't understand why she 'd called him back , but he was n't about to ask for an explanation . 
 `` sweet julienne , '' he murmured feverishly against her throat . 
 `` you should have allowed me to go . '' 
 her small , delicate hands slipped inside his velvet coat and slid across the smooth satin back of his waistcoat . 
 `` i tried . '' 
 he rolled to the side and shrugged out of his coat , tossing the expensive garment carelessly to the floor . 
 he turned back to her and then froze in place . 
 the sheet had slipped down to her waist , leaving her br ** sts exposed to his gaze . 
 firm and gently swaying from his near-frantic movements , they were more lovely than anything lucien had seen in his life . 
 `` you are more beautiful than i imagined , '' he breathed . 
 he watched in amazement as her skin flushed right before his eyes , rosy color sweeping across her chest before rising to her cheeks . 
 his gaze studied her face , and he saw that she could n't , or would n't , meet his eyes . 
 with his fingertips , he tilted the bottom of her chin upward , forcing her to look at him . 
 `` do n't be shy , sweetheart . 
 not with me . '' 
 as he searched her face , he wondered at his good fortune . 
 lady julienne la sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 coeur . 
 julienne , so lovely , laying in one of his beds , bare from the waist up , her rich blonde hair spilling around her creamy shoulders , her dark eyes staring at him with such desire . 
 he was so damn desperate to f ** k her , he thought he would burst with it , but the small portion of his mind not presently between his legs wondered why the beautiful , socially esteemed diamond would be so eager to spread her legs for a bastard like him . 
 with a muffled curse , lucien leapt from the bed . 
 he looked around wildly . 
 `` is this a trap ? '' 
 he bit out . 
 `` is your brother hiding somewhere , waiting to jump out and catch me compromising you ? '' 
 `` beg your pardon ? '' 
 she looked genuinely confused . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 lying in bed nak * d ? 
 giving yourself to me so easily ? '' 
 a frown marred the smooth area between her brows . 
 `` i was sleeping , '' she answered crossly . 
 `` i did n't ask you to come in here . 
 i did n't even want to spend the night here . 
 you insisted . '' 
 julienne rubbed her forehead , pulling the sheet up once again to cover herself . 
 `` get out , '' she said coldly . 
 his hands clenched into fists . 
 `` leave , mr. remington . 
 before i take up your suggestion to scream . '' 
 he watched in amazement as she threw herself into the pillows and turned her back to him . 
 it would damage her more than him to be caught , but why else would she offer herself ? 
 `` this is fantastic , '' he muttered , more to himself than to her . 
 she gave a disdainful little grunt and punched the pillow . 
 lucien wandered around the room , looking behind the thick sapphire velvet drapes and dropping to his knees to look under the bed . 
 finding no one lurking in the room , lucien strode to both doors and locked them . 
 he shrugged out of sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 his waistcoat . 
 julienne sat up again . 
 `` you 're mad if you believe i would allow you to touch me now ! '' 
 lucien yanked his shirt out of his trousers and drew it over his head . 
 he smiled grimly when she gasped at the sight of his chest . 
 he knew he was considered too muscled , the result of many hours spent engaged in fencing and pugilism . 
 but the glimmer in her eyes was n't fear or revulsion . 
 it was desire . 
 `` why me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she rolled back onto her side . 
 `` go away . '' 
 `` why me ? '' 
 he repeated . 
 `` why do you find it so hard to believe ? '' 
 she mumbled into the pillow . 
 `` women throw themselves at you all the time . 
 why should i be any different ? '' 
 he moved toward the bed . 
 `` am i something to boast to your friends about ? '' 
 julienne tucked tighter into the pillows , pulling the sheet with her . 
 `` as if i would ever tell anyone that i 'd succumbed to your charms . 
 which i wo n't ! '' 
 she added hastily . 
 `` succumb , that is . 
 now , please leave ! '' 
 `` what if i spread the tale ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` what if i tell every member of my club that i rode between your thighs ? 
 that i ruined you , and you screamed with pleasure while i did it ? '' 
 his mouth curved in a predatory smile . 
 `` and you will scream with pleasure . '' 
 she snorted . 
 `` i 'll do no such thing . '' 
 `` what if i tell everyone , julienne ? '' 
 `` you would n't . '' 
 `` you do n't know me well enough to say that . '' 
 `` you do n't know me well either . 
 for if you did , you would n't be so fearful of my sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 intentions . '' 
 turning away , lucien stared into the dying fire . 
 `` you are distraught over your brother . '' 
 `` i am , '' she admitted , her clear voice telling him as she faced him again . 
 `` i will have to bail him out of this mess , just as i 've always done . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` if i touch you , you 'll be ruined , and the marriage you require to save your brother will be jeopardized . '' 
 `` i 'm aware of that . 
 my actions tonight were foolish at best , but i knew the possible consequences and i weighed them carefully . 
 i 'd planned to sit in a quiet corner and observe . 
 i wanted to watch you in your element , a place where the rules are completely yours and you are not bound by the strictures that suppress you in society . 
 it is unfortunate that ridgely chose my table to share , but not unexpected . '' 
 `` lady julienne . 
 if you 'd been found out - '' `` the scandal would have destroyed all chances of an advantageous marriage , i know . 
 but perhaps that would be best for montrose . 
 i do n't care much for the thought of being a sacrifice on the matrimonial altar . 
 facing the consequences of our actions is the best way to learn responsibility , but i am to blame for shielding him too well . 
 as for this moment , is it so wrong to want the pleasure other women experience ? 
 is it so terrible to steal a little passion in a life that will be bereft of it ? 
 there are ways ... ways to ... ways that would leave me a virgin - '' lucien turned in stunned amazement . 
 `` how would you know of such ` ways ' ? '' 
 she flushed from the top of her br ** sts to her hairline . 
 `` i read ... things . '' 
 `` you read ` things ' ? '' 
 his eyes widened . '' 
 erotica ? '' 
 julienne 's hair was a golden curtain around her . 
 with her bared shoulders and flushed face , she looked every bit the wanton seductress and nothing like the sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 genteel virgin he knew her to be . 
 and yet it was the unabashed tilt to her chin and the defiance so evident in her silence that most affected him . 
 an innocent who was n't quite so innocent . 
 his c * ck had been aching before . 
 now the throbbing was downright painful . 
 her beauty was what had first caught his eye , her voluptuous figure had kept his attention , but her smile , warm and open , was what obsessed him . 
 women did not look at him with such sweet interest . 
 they either shot daggers at him for being what he was , or invited him to their beds with seductive glances . 
 when julienne had first seen him across the milton 's crowded ballroom , she 'd smiled so beautifully that he 'd found it difficult to breathe . 
 he 'd wanted her instantly , wanted to discover what it was she saw that lit up her eyes with such warm regard . 
 but now that he had her in his grasp , he found there was more to his interest than mere carnal gratification . 
 he was startled to realize he liked her , liked that she was unconventional and bold , as well as beautiful and kind . 
 abruptly-regretfully-he realized he could n't take her . 
 doing so would destroy her , and he could never do that . 
 `` no . '' 
 he gave a wry smile . 
 `` it 's not wrong to want passion . 
 and i 'm deeply flattered that you want to discover it with me . '' 
 her smile was so brilliant , it made his chest tight . 
 lucien ran a hand through his hair . 
 `` i enjoy a good debauch as much as any man , julienne . 
 but sometimes i wish for the finer things in life , the softer things , pure and innocent like you are . '' 
 `` i 'm not so innocent as all that . 
 if you knew the thoughts i have about you - '' `` hush . 
 do n't say any more . 
 i 'm having a hard enough time being honorable as it is . '' 
 `` i rather like you dishonorable , if you do n't mind . '' 
 he arched a brow and grinned . 
 she was a minx . 
 he never would have guessed . 
 `` have n't you been warned about men like me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 her lips curved . 
 `` but therein lies the problem . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` you see , '' she continued , her voice lowering . 
 `` being around you makes me ache . 
 the way you look at me makes me ache , much more so than when i read hugh 's books . 
 i 'm a grown woman . 
 allow me to worry about the consequences . '' 
 lucien groaned low in his chest , a sound filled with defeat and the death of good intentions . 
 he was only a man , an extremely lustful man , with the woman he wanted most offering liberties he should n't accept . 
 but would . 
 he could n't turn away the chance to touch her , to hold her , just once . 
 `` i 'll take care of that , sweetheart , '' he said softly as he approached her . 
 `` i 'll make the ache go away . '' 
 he placed one knee on the bed and then stretched out beside her , clenching his teeth as she rolled and pressed her br ** sts into his chest . 
 she tilted back her head , offering up her lips , and he claimed them , his tongue sweeping into the sweet recesses of her mouth . 
 her response stunned him , her eagerness obvious , and he could hardly bear it . 
 he shook with the effort to slow down , to be gentle , when the fire in his blood urged him to hurry . 
 his hand caressed her shoulder and then moved down to her breast , finding her nipple as he ravished her mouth . 
 he tugged gently with his fingers , loving how she melted against him , completely responsive and unreserved . 
 pulling her body to drape over his , lucien caressed the curve of her derriere , kneading the firm flesh until she squirmed . 
 `` please , '' she gasped , pulling her lips from his . 
 her legs spread in silent invitation . 
 lucien buried his face in her throat to hide his smile . 
 julienne was so innocent and yet so wanton . 
 so perfect . 
 he slid his hands between her thighs , one finger finding the slick opening that betrayed her desire . 
 he slid through the cream , testing her , before sliding just a tiny bit inside . 
 she moaned and instinctively pressed her h * ps downward , away from the pressure and onto his erection . 
 lucien groaned along with her . 
 this would n't do . 
 if she did that again , he would n't have the presence of mind to keep from plunging his aching c * ck straight through her maidenhead . 
 julienne whimpered when he gripped her waist , pulling her higher over his body so that her br ** sts hung in his face and the crisp curls of her sex rested safely against his stomach . 
 he held her slight weight easily above him , admiring the sight of her . 
 her eyes closed , she arched her back , presenting her br ** sts , while her golden hair drifted around her shoulders . 
 lucien was captivated . 
 lifting his head , he pressed a reverent kiss to a puckered nipple . 
 julienne 's soft cry encouraged him to go further . 
 he teased her with licks of his tongue before suckling the taut peak into his mouth , intoxicated by the scent and taste of her skin . 
 she arched into him , rubbing her sex along the muscled ridges of his stomach . 
 she repeated the movement again . 
 then again . 
 julienne was riding herself against him , her nipple held firmly in his mouth , and he was on fire , every nerve ending vibrantly attuned to the woman he pleasured . 
 `` please , '' she begged . 
 `` i need ... more ... '' he knew what she craved . 
 to be filled with him , stretched by him , and ridden to orgasm with his c * ck stroking deeply inside her . 
 but he would not do that . 
 could sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 not . 
 there was nothing about him that was honorable , but he 'd make the effort . 
 for her . 
 `` patience , love , '' he murmured , releasing her breast . 
 `` i will attend to you . '' 
 he rolled her over , capturing her other nipple with his mouth while his hand caressed the length of her body and dipped between her thighs . 
 to his delight , she opened her legs eagerly , and he caressed her lips with soft , gentle swirls , pinching them together , then moving his fingers across the hard , swollen nub in matching cadence to his suction on her breast . 
 her lithe body began to undulate next to his , and he threw a leg across her hips , grinding his erection into her thigh , his body seeking a relief that would be denied to him . 
 it was a hell of a time to find his conscience . 
 impatient , julienne arched into his hand . 
 lucien obliged by venturing a finger inside her again , softly stroking . 
 he pulled out with exquisite slowness , then pressed forward again . 
 with a patience that surprised him , he took his time , loving her gently until her body welcomed his touch with a rush of moisture . 
 she breathed his name , and he was nearly lost . 
 lucien released her breast , afraid of hurting her as his jaw clenched with the effort to retain his control . 
 his finger , slick with her cream , slipped out , and then he entered her with two fingers . 
 he f ** ked her faster now , pulling back to watch her face as she struggled against her approaching orgasm , her skin flushed , her n ** ples tight and hard . 
 despite her virginal state , she was so aroused that he had no trouble pleasing her , his fingers twisting and rubbing , constantly changing tempo and direction , to keep her on the edge . 
 julienne writhed , her fingernails digging into his arm , marking him on the outside as she 'd marked him on the inside . 
 her knees fell outward , opening her cunt completely , and then her h * ps began to move with him , rising and falling to meet his thrusts . 
 `` do n't fight it , sweet , '' he coaxed softly as her head began to thrash , her skin so hot it burned his . 
 `` just allow it to happen . '' 
 the room was quiet except for the harsh sounds of their breathing and the slick sucking noises that accompanied the pumping of his fingers . 
 julienne turned blindly toward him , her lips parted with panting breaths , and he thrust his tongue between them , loving the taste of her . 
 when she stiffened beneath him , he pulled away , pinning her down with his leg as she arched and cried out his name , shivering beneath him . 
 she held his fingers so tightly in her orgasm , he could barely move them , but he managed it anyway , drawing out her pleasure . 
 he was stunned watching her , never having seen anything so beautiful in his life . 
 and he would never be allowed to see it again . 
 lucien was torn between masculine satisfaction and utter , wrenching despair . 
 julienne opened her eyes and wondered if she 'd fainted . 
 she felt boneless , languid with warmth . 
 as she realized the heat came from lucien , her mouth curved with pleasure . 
 she snuggled closer , and then stilled at the sound of his harshly indrawn breath and the feel of his erection against her thigh . 
 she looked at him in dismay . 
 he was suffering , and she 'd been too sated to notice . 
 he rose to his elbow and looked down at her , his face drawn tight . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 she lowered her eyes to the hard ridge of his cock . 
 reaching down , she brushed the outline with a shy , tentative stroke of her fingers . 
 it jerked beneath her touch . 
 he pushed her hand away with a curse , then caught it back and kissed her fingertips to soften his rejection . 
 `` you must n't touch me , julienne . '' 
 `` but i 'd like to , '' she insisted . 
 her heart swelled , filled with tenderness for him . 
 `` that was so wonderful ... what you did ... '' his gaze was achingly tender . 
 `` i 'm glad you thought so . '' 
 julienne pressed her lips to his . 
 his hand slid to her nape , prolonging the kiss . 
 then he sighed and rolled onto his back . 
 in a fluidly graceful motion , he left the bed . 
 lucien grabbed up his shirt and dropped it over her head . 
 `` stay with me . '' 
 she shoved her arms through the sleeves and gripped his wrist quickly when he turned to leave . 
 `` i do n't think i can . '' 
 `` but you wanted to watch me sleep . '' 
 when he hesitated , she pulled the counterpane back in invitation . 
 he was so obviously torn that it touched her heart . 
 suddenly he blew out the candle and slid in beside her . 
 he curled against her back , his knees behind hers , his lips at her shoulder . 
 she clung to his arms as if she would never allow him to go , which was entirely the way she felt . 
 with his warmth and scent surrounding her , she quickly fell asleep . 
 chapter four `` oh , dear , this is dreadful . 
 absolutely dreadful . 
 we 're ruined . 
 you are ruined ! 
 what will we do ? 
 we shall be run from our home and - '' `` aunt eugenia , please ! '' 
 julienne threw up her hands . 
 `` keep your voice down ! 
 the servants will hear you . '' 
 eugenia whitfield snapped her mouth closed and bit her lower lip . 
 julienne sank into her brother 's chair in the study of montrose hall and crushed his letter in her fist . 
 the soul-deep satisfaction she 'd enjoyed since leaving lucien that morning was gone , replaced by weary resignation . 
 `` i am not ruined . '' 
 `` you spent the night with lucien remington ! '' 
 `` aunt eugenia ! '' 
 eugenia squirmed in misery on the chaise . 
 `` i did not spend the night with lucien remington . 
 i merely spent the evening in his establishment , which no one aside from you is aware of . 
 i 'd prefer to keep it that way , so lower your voice . 
 please ! '' 
 `` what will we do about hugh ? '' 
 julienne looked at the missive in her hand and wondered the same thing . 
 hugh had retired to the country for an extended party with some of his friends , leaving her to deal with the aftermath of his debts . 
 as usual , he 'd failed to consider notifying her until days after he 'd left . 
 her brother did n't mean to be hurtful . 
 he sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 was simply irresponsible and always leaped before looking , consistently landing in puddles of trouble . 
 it was partly her fault , for always cleaning up after him . 
 hugh had never learned that every action has a consequence . 
 she rose from behind the desk and threw the letter into the fire . 
 `` nothing has changed . 
 i had to marry in any case . '' 
 `` oh , julienne ... '' eugenia sighed . 
 `` you 've been through so much . 
 i can not collect how you manage it . '' 
 `` the same way you 've managed hugh and me . 
 we do what we must . '' 
 julienne turned back to her aunt and smiled . 
 at fifty , eugenia whitfield was still a lovely woman . 
 widowed at a young age , she could easily have remarried . 
 instead she had taken over the care of her brother 's children when the earl of montrose and his wife were killed in a carriage accident . 
 while she often wrung her hands and lamented the unruliness of her charges , eugenia never said a word of regret about the things she 'd given up . 
 because of this , julienne loved her aunt more than anything . 
 `` i just assumed hugh was drinking and gambling himself silly in that club , '' eugenia said . 
 `` i could never have imagined he would leave town at a time like this ! 
 it 's your first season , for heaven 's sake . '' 
 she pursed her lips . 
 `` that boy needs a switch to his behind . '' 
 julienne choked back a laugh at the picture . 
 aunt eugenia had never raised a hand to either of them , although the hugs had been plentiful . 
 sinking into her chair , julienne let her mind drift to lucien remington , a man who was free and unrestrained by the rules that smothered her . 
 just the thought of the scandalous rogue made her body ache with remembered passion . 
 if she closed her eyes , she could recall his richly masculine scent and the gentleness of his touch deep inside her . 
 the memory alone aroused her , making her n ** ples sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 hard and her skin hot . 
 if she listened to society , she would feel some terrible regret or dismay at what she had allowed to happen , but she did n't . 
 lucien had made her feel cherished , and while he 'd only mentioned his physical attraction , his every touch , every kiss , had been underlain with an aching tenderness . 
 her entire life she 'd been an object of fragile esteem , not considered a woman of passions , but just a female extension of the men in her life-first her father , then her brother , next her husband . 
 only lucien had seen beyond the exterior to the woman within . 
 she was grateful to have had one night of passion with him , for she would have no more for the rest of her life . 
 julienne had left him without saying good-bye . 
 and three days later , lucien still could n't stop thinking about it . 
 usually he preferred to avoid the morning-after farewell , an often messy affair . 
 but julienne 's silent departure had left him bereft . 
 for the first time in his life , he 'd wanted to wake up with the woman he 'd touched so intimately only hours before . 
 he 'd wanted to share breakfast with her , talk with her , and discover what had her so troubled . 
 he 'd quite simply wanted to enjoy her company for a few hours more before losing it forever . 
 julienne la coeur intrigued him more now that he knew her than she had as a stranger . 
 he 'd watched her closely for weeks , admiring her graceful poise and social adeptness . 
 but that night in the sapphire room , she 'd been surprised by his interest , not because she underestimated her own attractiveness , but because she so esteemed his . 
 she admired and was drawn to the very things for which he was usually condemned , and yet he did n't feel like he was just a scandalous bit of excitement to her . 
 instead he felt like a man appreciated simply for being sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 himself . 
 her parting had left behind a void that none of the women he 'd bedded since had been able to fill . 
 lucien wondered if she regretted her curiosity that night or resented him for taking advantage of the offer he should have rejected . 
 he supposed he should feel guilty , but he did n't . 
 how could he , when he ached to love her again ? 
 `` i believe lord montrose has retired to the country . '' 
 scowling , lucien looked across his desk at harold marchant , his man-of-affairs . 
 most men cowered when lucien was irritated . 
 harold , however , took it in stride , which is why the man had worked for him for almost a decade . 
 lucien had made marchant a wealthy man and in the process had earned his loyalty . 
 marchant was , in fact , the closest thing he had to a best friend . 
 `` is the earl destitute ? '' 
 marchant nodded gravely . 
 `` very nearly . 
 in addition to the staggering amount he owes remington 's , merchants have begun repossessing goods and duns have become regular visitors to the montrose residence here in town . 
 soon they will set up a veritable encampment on his doorstep . '' 
 lucien whistled softly . 
 in these days of industrial progression , many aristocrats were losing centuries of inheritance due to their own reluctance to engage in trade or invest in the future . 
 as a man of his own means , lucien had little respect for anyone who allowed his pride to get in the way of survival . 
 `` how does his situation affect lady julienne ? '' 
 `` lady julienne ? '' 
 marchant repeated , his gaze clearly perplexed through his gold-rimmed spectacles . 
 `` she 's just begun her first season , which is remarkable only for the timing of it-she 's twenty . 
 why she waited until now to come out is anyone 's guess . 
 she has a respectable portion , but the amount is rumored to be unremarkable . 
 any serious suitor for her hand will accept responsibility for her sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 brother 's future debts . 
 quite frankly , she 'll need to marry for money , but that should n't be a problem . 
 she 's very popular , has excellent lineage , and boasts great beauty . '' 
 lucien leaned back in his chair . 
 `` who is sponsoring her season ? '' 
 `` her godmother , the marchioness of canlow . '' 
 marchant frowned . 
 `` why this interest in lady julienne ? '' 
 preferring to keep his thoughts to himself , lucien said nothing . 
 `` no , '' marchant said suddenly . 
 `` leave the girl alone . '' 
 `` beg your pardon ? '' 
 `` i 've seen that look on your face before . 
 stick with your demimondaines and bored aristocrats ' wives . 
 lady julienne has had a rough time of it . 
 her brother became montrose at the tender age of nine and has proven to be ill-equipped for the responsibility . 
 she must marry well . 
 do n't ruin it for her . '' 
 on any other occasion , lucien might have found the warning amusing . 
 but this was no laughing matter . 
 his blasted conscience was to blame for his predicament . 
 he should have f ** ked julienne when he had the opportunity and sated his craving . 
 not even the past three nights of outright debauchery had relieved his desire . 
 instead he felt soiled . 
 the emotionless encounters had been sad , sordid imitations of the sweet pleasure he 'd shared with julienne . 
 `` stay out of my affairs , '' he growled . 
 `` it 's my job to manage your affairs , '' marchant retorted . 
 `` i do n't pay you to censure my behavior . '' 
 `` you overpay me , lucien . 
 allow me to earn my wages . '' 
 lucien shot him a dark glance . 
 `` why the concern for a woman you 've never sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 met ? '' 
 `` i have met her . '' 
 marchant smiled at his surprise . 
 `` a few months ago , you sent me to the earl 's home regarding his growing balance at the club . 
 montrose was away , but lady julienne invited me in for tea , despite my purpose for being there . 
 she was charming and genuine , a true lady . 
 i liked her immensely . '' 
 in spite of himself , lucien smiled . 
 julienne saw the individual goodness in everyone she met . 
 one could n't help but bask in the glow of her regard . 
 `` i have no intention of ruining her , harold . '' 
 `` i 'm relieved to hear that . '' 
 `` in fact , i 'd like to help her . 
 hire someone to find montrose . 
 i want to know where he is . '' 
 `` as you wish . '' 
 marchant rose to his feet . 
 `` anything else you require ? '' 
 lucien was silent for a moment . 
 `` yes . 
 i want you to compile a list of suitable marriage prospects for lady julienne . 
 rich , titled gentlemen , neither too old nor too young . 
 attractive , if possible . 
 and research their backgrounds . 
 no one with any odd fetishes or disagreeable personalities . 
 no one who smells or has uncontrollable vices . '' 
 marchant stood dumbfounded , with mouth agape , the first time in lucien 's memory the man-of-affairs was rendered speechless . 
 and lucien was so bloody miserable , he could n't even enjoy it . 
 chapter five julienne drank in the sight of lucien remington like a woman dying of thirst . 
 he was stunning in black evening attire , his raven hair and remarkable eyes shining under the chandeliers , his golden skin in sharp contrast to the snowy white of his waistcoat and cravat . 
 she 'd thought of him constantly over the last week , wondered what he was doing , whom he was seeing . 
 she suspected she was besotted , which would be the worst sort of foolishness . 
 `` julienne . '' 
 aunt eugenia tugged on her arm . 
 `` lord fontaine is heading this way . '' 
 she turned her head and watched the marquess approach her with his slow , sultry stride . 
 greek god handsome , fontaine was every bit the experienced rake . 
 at the prime age of three and twenty , the young marquess had determined he was in need of a wife , and julienne appeared to be on his list of suitable prospects . 
 she pasted a sunny smile on her face and queried under her breath , `` are you certain he 's kind enough to help hugh ? '' 
 eugenia maintained her pleasant expression as she whispered back , `` kindness would be a bonus . 
 i can tell you he 's wealthy enough . 
 just remember , a woman can usually get what she desires from a man with the right amount of charm and compromise . '' 
 julienne wrinkled her nose . 
 she did n't want to charm a man into being kind ; she wanted him to be that way naturally . 
 she hoped to find someone knowledgeable sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 enough to set hugh on the path to maturity and financial independence . 
 she felt certain that with the proper guidance , her brother could be turned around . 
 but the hand that guided him had to be compassionate as well as firm . 
 lord fontaine bowed before her . 
 he claimed her outstretched hand and brushed a kiss across the back of her glove . 
 `` lady julienne , your beauty steals the breath from me . '' 
 `` and you , lord fontaine , are especially dashing this evening . '' 
 allowing her mind to drift , julienne bantered the standard social pleasantries without thought . 
 she was relieved when he asked her to stroll around the dance floor . 
 as they began to walk , she saw lucien take the hand of a beautiful brunette known for her scandalous liaisons . 
 her heart clenched . 
 their dark beauty as a couple was striking . 
 she stared , but lucien never once turned to catch her eye . 
 in fact , he had n't spared her a glance all evening . 
 fontaine followed her gaze and snorted . 
 `` that remington mongrel is a blight on society . 
 i have no notion why he continues to receive invitations . '' 
 `` lord fontaine ! '' 
 julienne was astonished by his rudeness . 
 he offered a dashing smile , but she suddenly found him less than charming . 
 `` his kind has no business mingling with first society . 
 it taints us all . '' 
 she stiffened , and fontaine easily adjusted his steps to compensate . 
 knowing it would be proper to hold her tongue , she still could n't manage it . 
 `` mr. remington has made a fortune for himself with hard work and determination . 
 i would think that would be cause for admiration . '' 
 `` i admire his ability to make money , lady julienne , '' he conceded , `` but the manners in which he does so are vulgar . 
 he 's nothing more than a domesticated pirate , and his ... personal deportment leaves much to be desired . 
 lucien sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 remington is no gentleman . '' 
 julienne stopped abruptly , causing fontaine to stumble . 
 lean and sinewy , he recovered quickly . 
 `` i find your comments offensive , my lord . '' 
 fontaine frowned . 
 with a firm hand , he urged her forward again . 
 `` i apologize if i have offended . 
 i merely stated the truth . '' 
 `` are you that well acquainted with him ? '' 
 she challenged . 
 `` now ... i would n't say that . '' 
 `` then perhaps there are hidden depths to his character of which you are unaware . '' 
 her gaze drifted to lucien as they passed him . 
 he engaged his companion with singular attention . 
 he 'd found his latest conquest . 
 and here she was defending his character like a lovesick ninny . 
 `` you appear flushed , lady julienne , '' fontaine murmured . 
 she was furious with herself , but certainly could n't say so . 
 `` i 'm a little warm . '' 
 with a mischievous smile , he led her neatly out a nearby set of french doors and came to a stop on the balcony . 
 `` better ? '' 
 a reluctant smile tugged at her lips . 
 fontaine was remarkably handsome and charming , if a little on the wrong side of arrogant . 
 she wondered if , given the chance , he could incite her to the heights of passion lucien had . 
 she felt nothing for him at the moment besides a slight irritation , but perhaps an attraction could grow . 
 in any case , she could not continue to pine for a man who was never meant to be hers . 
 `` will you escort me through the garden , my lord ? '' 
 he arched a brow . 
 `` should we find your chaperone before proceeding ? '' 
 `` would you prefer that we did ? '' 
 she asked , knowing she should insist they find sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 aunt eugenia , but more concerned about fleeing the sight of lucien and his lover . 
 he tucked her hand in the crook of his elbow . 
 `` i promise to be on my best behavior . '' 
 as they strolled along the nearby gravel paths , she forced herself to relax and to enjoy the slight evening breeze . 
 they found a small bench in viewing distance of the manse and sat down . 
 fontaine turned to her , taking both of her hands in his . 
 `` i would be delighted , lady julienne , if you would allow me to escort you to the derby at epsom next week . '' 
 julienne knew that to be seen with the handsome marquess at such a public gathering would solidify his courtship in the eyes of society . 
 `` lord fontaine - '' `` justin , please . '' 
 she was stunned . 
 his offer was an intimate gesture . 
 he could probably count on one hand the number of people who called him by his given name rather than his title . 
 `` very well ... justin . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 she could also offer intimate gestures . 
 lucien could not be allowed to ruin her for every other man . 
 certainly she had not ruined him for other women . 
 `` i would greatly appreciate it if you would kiss me . '' 
 fontaine looked understandably surprised , then wary , before grinning with delight . 
 if they were caught , it could be a disaster for her . 
 he would either offer marriage to save her reputation , or he would walk away . 
 as a powerful marquess , fontaine could not be forced into anything , certainly nothing as drastic as marriage , but at the moment she felt reckless , her stung pride and aching heart goading her to further foolishness . 
 `` with pleasure , '' he murmured , drawing her closer . 
 julienne closed her eyes and prayed for passion . 
 his mouth brushed across hers , featherlight and fleeting . 
 the exchange was not the least distasteful-it was actually quite pleasant-but it was sadly lacking in any combustible qualities . 
 her heart did n't race , her breath did n't catch . 
 but then she had n't really expected otherwise . 
 she opened her eyes and hid her disappointment with a smile . 
 `` i would very much appreciate your escort to the derby , my lord . '' 
 `` was that a test , lady julienne ? 
 and if so , might i safely assume i passed ? '' 
 julienne could n't tell him the truth , so she simply kept smiling . 
 thankfully , fontaine did n't press her further . 
 he stood and held out his arm , but she demurred . 
 `` go ahead , please . 
 i want a moment to catch my breath before i return to the ballroom . '' 
 `` i can not leave you out here alone , '' he said . 
 but she insisted . 
 fontaine stood indecisively for a moment , but in the end his desire to earn her regard won out . 
 he gave a courtly bow and kissed the back of her hand . 
 `` i will inform lady whitfield of your whereabouts . '' 
 when she was alone , julienne acknowledged that it was time to abandon her dream of a grand passion . 
 she could n't go about kissing men while thinking of lucien . 
 she needed to marry , and she could n't afford to be picky . 
 no one in the ton married for love or any other elevated emotion , and it was futile to long for her marriage to be different . 
 `` you kissed him ! '' 
 standing , she turned her head toward the low , accusatory voice . 
 lucien . 
 lucien kept his fisted hands behind his back . 
 it was bad enough he 'd barely restrained himself from beating a marquess to a bloody pulp , but to allow julienne to see how much he cared would be the worst sort of folly . 
 she 'd obviously moved past their one night together , while he had not . 
 he could n't allow her to discover how completely smitten he was . 
 he 'd been watching her all evening . 
 she bore his mark , although only he knew it . 
 there was a new knowledge in her dark eyes , a subtle swing to her hips , a deeper color to her lips , that said she 'd experienced passion . 
 julienne had always been alluring , but now ... now he could hardly restrain himself from sweeping her into his arms , carrying her away , and f ** king her until neither one of them could move . 
 he 'd heard her defend his honor to fontaine when they passed by him , and her obvious irritation with the marquess had touched him as few things in his life ever had . 
 lucien knew he was too bold and aggressive to be accepted in the upper tier of society , but he was too rich to mingle anywhere else . 
 men envied his business acumen and enjoyed the comforts of membership in his club . 
 women liked him for his pretty face and sexual appetite . 
 somehow between the two genders he was invited everywhere , but fit in nowhere . 
 except for those all-too-brief hours he 'd spent with julienne . 
 he 'd fit then . 
 perfectly . 
 lucien had followed her out to the garden , wanting desperately to claim her , and instead had watched her kiss fontaine . 
 and now she sat dreamy-eyed on the bench , while acidic jealousy ate at him . 
 `` yes , '' she admitted . 
 `` i kissed him . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he had no right to ask , but he was unable to stop himself . 
 she smiled-the same sweet , open smile that said she saw things in him worth sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 seeing . 
 `` i wanted to know if it would feel the same as when you kissed me . '' 
 he was n't certain what he had expected her to say , but it definitely was n't that . 
 satisfaction filled him . 
 she 'd been thinking of him , even while kissing another man . 
 his fists unclenched . 
 `` and did it ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` well , i do n't know . 
 it 's been a sennight since you kissed me . 
 my memory may be faulty . '' 
 he reached for her hand and pulled her into the shadows . 
 staring down at her upturned face , his heart ached at her beauty and the trust she gave him so readily . 
 his voice was husky when he whispered , `` allow me to remind you . '' 
 lowering his head , lucien kissed her deeply , making no attempt to hide his desire , determined to erase from her memory any thought of another man 's lips on hers . 
 only a week since he 'd held her , yet it seemed like an eternity . 
 julienne returned his kiss with similar passion , her hands slipping inside his jacket and caressing his back . 
 her tongue brushed across his , and he tasted her sweetness . 
 nothing in the world quenched his thirst like the taste of her mouth . 
 `` did it feel like this when he kissed you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she moaned . 
 `` dear god , no . '' 
 he thrust his thigh between her legs and lifted her against it . 
 her eyes were closed , her head thrown back , her lips wet and swollen from his kiss . 
 only a kiss , and she was melting in his arms . 
 he must have done something in a past life to earn julienne 's passion , because he certainly had done nothing worthy of her in this life . 
 `` julienne , '' he murmured , hugging her close . 
 `` i need to speak with you . 
 i do n't think i 'll be able to talk with you here . 
 you 're too tempting , sweetheart . 
 i ca n't resist taking advantage . '' 
 her smile curved against his cheek . 
 `` you are incorrigible . '' 
 `` is there any way i can meet with you ? 
 to talk . '' 
 she pulled away , her dark eyes shining with amusement . 
 `` anywhere we meet would have us alone . '' 
 lucien sighed , hating the class distinctions that would forever keep them apart . 
 `` that 's true , but perhaps in the light of day , i 'll be better able to restrain myself . '' 
 julienne giggled , a wonderful sound that warmed him from the inside . 
 `` if you want to speak with me , you will have to call on me . 
 i 've no intention of dressing up as a man ever again . '' 
 `` i quite enjoyed the sight of you in those trousers . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` you are a scoundrel , lucien remington . '' 
 `` i 've been trying to tell you that , '' he said dryly . 
 `` you should run in terror when you see me coming . '' 
 `` i 'm not afraid of you . 
 i know you would never hurt me . '' 
 her utter confidence in the goodness of his character rattled him to the core . 
 god help him if she ever came to care for him . 
 he would never be able to resist her . 
 `` how can you know that ? '' 
 he challenged . 
 `` my intentions toward you are not honorable . '' 
 `` is that so ? 
 then why do you wish to speak with me in a place where you ca n't take advantage ? '' 
 `` why do n't you ask me instead what i 'd do if you went further into the garden with me ? '' 
 julienne crossed her arms and gave him a chastising look . 
 `` why is it so important to maintain your dissolute image ? '' 
 mocking her , he crossed his arms and raised a sardonic brow . 
 `` why is it so sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 difficult for you to collect that it 's not merely an image ? '' 
 she pursed her lips . 
 he growled low in his throat . 
 `` damn you , julienne ! 
 your girlish fantasies about me are just that-fantasies . 
 i 've ruined dukes and then tumbled their wives . 
 i 've - '' his voice choked into silence , his throat refusing to form the sounds that would drive her away . 
 be frightened , lucien thought desperately . 
 run from me before it 's too late for both of us . 
 her gaze narrowed . 
 `` because if you were really as wicked as you say , you would have divested me of my virginity that night in your club . 
 but you did n't . 
 i 'd wager i could lift up my skirts for you now and beg you to take me , and you would n't . 
 you could n't ! '' 
 `` you innocent fool , '' he bit out , suddenly furious that she would torture him so . 
 `` never challenge a man 's virility . 
 you force him to defend himself in the only way possible . '' 
 fuming and frustrated , wishing she would disdain him instead of entice him , lucien wrapped his fingers around her elbow and dragged her away from the manse , descending the wide grassy steps into the darkened lower gardens . 
 julienne followed him easily , making no protest , and her acquiesce only inflamed him further . 
 finding a yew-enclosed alcove occupied by a marble statue , he pressed her against the cold stone with his aroused body and reclaimed her mouth . 
 his hands moved urgently over her curves , desperate for the feel of her satin skin . 
 he tugged down the bodice of her gown , exposing her lush br ** sts . 
 pushing them up with his hands , lucien licked a tender nipple , watching it pucker as the cool air drifted across the wet peak . 
 `` god , your taste ... '' he sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 groaned . 
 `` it intoxicates me ... '' she whimpered , her hands drifting into his hair , holding him close . 
 `` lucien . '' 
 her voice , so husky and full of longing , urged him to greater heights of lust , but he held himself ruthlessly in check , gentling his touch even as he suckled voraciously at her br ** sts . 
 his body shook with the force of his passion , but her pleasure was paramount , more important at this moment than his next breath . 
 julienne pushed him away , presenting a tempting picture of wantonness with her br ** sts pressed upward by her gown , her n ** ples wet from his mouth . 
 with challenge in her eyes , she lifted her skirts with a courtesan 's grace , slowly exposing her long , graceful legs . 
 then her thighs . 
 and then the honeyed curls of her sex . 
 she widened her stance in open invitation . 
 `` lucien , '' she whispered , a blush suffusing the delicate skin of her chest before moving up her throat to her cheeks . 
 `` you will drive me to madness before you are finished with me . '' 
 he wanted to reassure her and promise her things he never thought he could promise anyone . 
 but he knew it would be wrong to say such things , to offer hope for a future that could never be . 
 desperate with need , and angry with her for being the cause of that need , he tore open the placket of his breeches and allowed his engorged c * ck to spring free . 
 he would show her what kind of man he was and ruin her for any other . 
 she would hate him when he was through , but that was for the best . 
 `` i 'm going to f ** k you , '' he promised with savage intent , knowing the act with her could never be so base . 
 `` i 'm going to keep you pinned against that statue , filled with my cock , until you scream from the pleasure . '' 
 with one hand under her thigh , lucien lifted her leg , opening her wider . 
 the head of his shaft found her , and bending his knees , he pressed for entry . 
 she was sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 so tight , but so hot and wet . 
 she felt wonderful , and her helpless moan as he slid deeper into her made him mindless . 
 his entire body was wracked with shudders as he forced himself to press slowly , carefully . 
 he was generously sized , and julienne was so small . 
 he could n't bear to hurt her . 
 he watched her face as he took her , her features pale in the moonlight , like the statue behind her . 
 her eyes gazed luminously into his , their depths burning with desire and undeserved affection . 
 she should be frightened , but instead she trusted him implicitly . 
 the way she looked at him made it impossible to breathe . 
 he stilled , held rigid by the moment . 
 julienne was correct . 
 he could n't take her like this , like a whore in someone 's garden . 
 and he could n't make her hate him . 
 it ripped at him to even think of it . 
 with a tortured curse , lucien pulled away , the heavy weight of his erection slipping from her body . 
 she sobbed in protest , and the sound broke the heart he 'd forgotten he had . 
 with his eyes squeezed shut , blocking out the sight of her , lucien turned blindly away . 
 his chest heaved with his breathing , his body hard , his blood hot . 
 his c * ck ached with the pressure of unspent desire , every muscle burning with tension . 
 damn her ! 
 he cursed the day he 'd set eyes on julienne la coeur . 
 his hands clenched into fists as he struggled to control the shaking of his body and the torment in his mind . 
 and then suddenly his c * ck was drenched in moist heat . 
 instinctively he tried to back away , but julienne 's hands gripped the cheeks of his ass and kept him still . 
 he looked down , his eyes wide with stunned amazement , as she took more of his shaft into her delectable mouth . 
 in all of his life , with all of the women he 'd been with , in all of the positions and sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 places he 'd been , lucien had never seen anything as erotic as julienne sucking his c * ck on her knees in the grass , her br ** sts spilling over the top of her gown , her lush form turned to silver in the moonlight . 
 her attentions were unschooled , innocent , and all the more effective because of it . 
 her tongue swirled around the head , her mouth pulsing with a gentle suction , her fingertips kneading the clenching cheeks of his buttocks . 
 she pulled her head back and then pushed forward again , her mouth stretched wide to accommodate his size . 
 julienne rode his erection with heartening enthusiasm , making soft little humming noises as she sucked on him , and her enjoyment increased his a hundredfold . 
 unfamiliar with the act , she took him with shallow strokes , but the pleasure was still intense , brought on as much by her selfless giving as the burning that spread from his groin and coursed through his veins . 
 lucien threw his head back and growled deep in his throat , his hands drifting into the golden curls at her nape , directing her rhythm , taking care not to completely disrupt the stylish arrangement of her hair . 
 his h * ps pumped in an unconscious tempo , gently f ** king her mouth , as his body sought the relief it could find only with julienne . 
 her tongue dipped into the tiny hole at the tip of his cock , and his sac tightened , his shaft swelled . 
 `` pull away , sweet , '' he gasped . 
 `` i 'm close ... i ca n't ... '' julienne ignored his direction and sucked him harder , driving him mad , until he came in an orgasm so intense he swayed on his feet , his seed flooding her mouth , pouring out the depth of his lust and longing . 
 lucien cried out her name , grateful she held his h * ps so he did n't fall to his knees and crush her . 
 blood roared in a raging torrent through his veins , making his ears ring and his eyesight fade to blackness . 
 he had never come so hard in his life , his c * ck jerking until he was emptied . 
 when julienne rose to her feet , wiping her mouth with the palm of her glove , her lovely face was alight with satisfaction . 
 trembling , lucien leaned against her in a weary embrace , sated to his very soul . 
 chapter six julienne held lucien tightly to her , bearing his weight as best she could , her heart light and rilled with joy that she had given him such pleasure . 
 she licked her lips , tasting him , and felt a surge of female triumph at her accomplishment . 
 the sensation was heady . 
 unable to contain it , julienne laughed with delight . 
 `` you find this to be funny ? '' 
 he asked , his husky voice tinged with wry amusement . 
 `` you will be the death of me . '' 
 she grinned . 
 `` i made you happy . '' 
 lucien pulled back . 
 his handsome face was flushed , misty with sweat , his beautiful eyes glazed with bliss . 
 and she had made him look like that . 
 she laughed again . 
 `` julienne . '' 
 his voice was gruff but tender . 
 `` you 're happy to have made me happy ? '' 
 she gave him a quick , fierce hug . 
 `` of course . '' 
 pulling away , julienne began to rearrange her dress , restoring her appearance . 
 she watched as lucien righted his own clothing . 
 when he tried to reach for her , she sidestepped with a giggle . 
 `` oh , no . '' 
 his mouth curved with a heart-stopping smile . 
 `` it 's your turn , sweet . '' 
 she ran up the wide , grassy steps toward the manse , but he caught her easily and dipped his head for a kiss . 
 julienne savored the heady taste of him for a moment sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 before pulling away . 
 `` no , lucien , '' she scolded , even as her heart raced at the seductive promise in his eyes . 
 `` you must n't touch me again tonight . 
 with your reputation , it would not be amiss for you to return to the ballroom looking as you do now , but if i were to return looking that way , it would be a disaster . '' 
 he ran his hand down her arm , grinning as he saw her shiver . 
 `` i shall feel like a selfish cad , sweetheart , if you do n't allow me to pleasure you in return . '' 
 lucien bent his head to nuzzle her neck , but she backed away with a chastising wag of her finger . 
 `` now you see how i felt the other evening when you refused my touch . '' 
 julienne turned away and neatly avoided his grasping arms . 
 `` remain in the garden for a few moments . 
 i 'm certain my aunt must be frantic by now . 
 you may call on me tomorrow at two . 
 aunt eugenia has an appointment , and she 'll be gone for hours . '' 
 `` where shall i meet you ? '' 
 `` come through the mews . 
 i 'll find you . '' 
 the light in his eyes dimmed . 
 `` you 're putting yourself at great risk to see me . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 lucien was right , of course . 
 but her reputation , so vital to the well-being of her family , stood no chance against her desire to steal whatever time she could with him . 
 `` but you 're quite impossible to resist . '' 
 he grasped her elbow when she tried to move away . 
 `` you should n't like me , julienne . 
 i 'm not good for you . '' 
 `` oh , lucien . '' 
 she sighed . 
 she brushed his damp hair back from his face and watched his eyes close with pleasure at her touch . 
 how she adored him , this beautiful , wicked man , with his carefully hidden honor . 
 `` you act as if i have sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 more control over this than you . '' 
 she lifted onto her toes and pressed her lips to his with a soft moan . 
 `` come tomorrow . 
 or not . 
 the choice is yours . '' 
 turning quickly , julienne left him in the garden . 
 `` you look ... respectable , '' marchant said , with wide eyes . 
 `` what 's the occasion ? '' 
 lucien ignored him . 
 `` did you compile the list i requested ? '' 
 `` prospective suitors for lady julienne ? 
 of course . '' 
 marchant slid the file across the desk . 
 scanning through it , lucien grumbled , `` why is fontaine at the top ? '' 
 marchant arched a brow . 
 `` besides being an extremely handsome marquess with seventeen estates , hundreds of servants , unlimited funds , and considered the catch of the season by the entirety of the beau monde ? '' 
 lucien snorted . 
 `` what about his personal life ? '' 
 `` he 's a known womanizer , but he does n't gamble or drink to excess . 
 i was unable to find any evidence of his siring any bastards . '' 
 `` and socially ? '' 
 `` he maintains his seat in the lords , and he 's held in high esteem by the peerage . '' 
 lucien dropped the folder . 
 leaning his head back , he closed his eyes , remembering the sight of julienne kissing fontaine . 
 from that recollection came unbidden images-fontaine holding julienne and caressing her luscious br ** sts . 
 fontaine riding between her thighs , plunging into the silken heat of her , as lucien could not . 
 sick with jealousy , he clenched his teeth until his jaw ached . 
 julienne was a lady to the core . 
 lucien knew he could do nothing but ruin her , nothing but cause her to be ostracized by her peers , shaming her , until her spirit sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 was crushed and the affection in her eyes faded to bitter resentment . 
 `` mr. remington ? 
 are you feeling unwell ? 
 you look feverish . '' 
 lucien opened his eyes . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` perhaps you should rest a bit . 
 you 've been working too hard lately . '' 
 lucien stood and collected the folder . 
 `` no , i have an appointment . '' 
 `` with whom ? 
 i see nothing on your schedule . '' 
 `` it 's none of your damn business , '' lucien growled . 
 `` your attire ... '' marchant glanced at the file in lucien 's hand . 
 `` tell me you do n't intend to call on lady julienne ! '' 
 for the first time , lucien damned the high intelligence of his man-of-affairs . 
 but instead of censure , marchant laughed . 
 `` are you branching out into matchmaking , lucien ? 
 or do you hope to collect on montrose 's debt through his brother-in-law ? '' 
 `` go to hell , harold , '' he growled . 
 sobering , marchant asked , `` are you quite certain you know what you 're doing ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` and what is it you 're doing ? '' 
 lucien paused on the threshold of his office . 
 `` the honorable thing . 
 for once . '' '' 
 marriage prospects ? '' 
 julienne gaped at him , her dark eyes wide with disbelief . 
 lucien clutched his hat in his hands . 
 his throat was so tight , it was hard to swallow . 
 seeing julienne 's golden beauty in daylight made him think of all the things they 'd never be allowed to do together . 
 they would never go for rides in the park or strolls down the street . 
 they could never enjoy a picnic or even the simple act of tea . 
 hell , he 'd had to use subterfuge merely to exchange a few sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 words with her . 
 the harsh reminder strengthened his resolve . 
 he had to remove her from his reach before he destroyed her . 
 lowering himself to the chaise , lucien nodded . 
 `` i know your brother has deserted you , sweet . 
 you must marry quickly , and i thought perhaps i could assist you with that endeavor . '' 
 she set the folder on the seat between them , her eyes downcast , hiding her thoughts . 
 `` are n't you even going to look at it ? '' 
 `` certainly . '' 
 she cast him a sidelong glance . 
 `` but you know far more about my circumstances than i do about yours . 
 so , before i choose my future husband , i want to discover all there is to know about you . '' 
 he scowled . 
 the less she knew about him , the better . 
 `` i dislike discussing myself . '' 
 `` why ? 
 i find you fascinating . 
 your deportment is faultless , your manners impeccable , your taste excellent . 
 you 've obviously had some schooling - '' `` did n't you listen to fontaine last night ? 
 i 'm a mongrel , a blight on society . '' 
 `` no , you are not , '' she argued . 
 `` i 'm sorry you overheard that . '' 
 `` it was nothing i have n't heard before . '' 
 he smiled and reached for her hand . 
 `` although i thank you for defending my honor . '' 
 the feel of her skin against his was heaven . 
 and hell . 
 he glanced down at their joined hands , hers so pale , so tiny and delicate . 
 lucien remembered the feel of those hands on his body , their gentle exploration belying her ravenous hunger for him . 
 knowing he would soon lose her touch forever made his heart ache . 
 julienne bit her lower lip . 
 `` why say such horrid things about you merely because you are in trade ? '' '' ' 
 t is more than that , julienne . '' 
 he was silent for a moment , wanting to hide the things she did n't know . 
 but the moment was intimate , her gaze tender , and he found himself sharing the things he discussed with no one . 
 `` i 'm a bastard by birth . '' 
 she did n't even blink . 
 `` you have no control over such things ! '' 
 `` it gets worse , '' he said dryly , squeezing her hand in silent appreciation . 
 `` i am the product of a long-term affair between a courtesan and a nobleman . '' 
 `` good heavens ! '' 
 lucien waited for her to put the pieces together . 
 it took only a moment . 
 `` remington . 
 your mother is amanda remington ? 
 the famous demimondaine ? '' 
 he nodded , and wondered if julienne would think less of him now that she knew he was the bastard son of a prostitute . 
 a very wealthy , extremely discriminating , and , for the last thirty years , monogamous prostitute , but a one-time whore nevertheless . 
 it was common knowledge . 
 the fact that julienne knew nothing of it proved once again how far removed their existences were from one another . 
 `` how romantic , '' she sighed , and lucien almost fell off the chaise . 
 `` you 're a love child ! 
 how lucky you are . '' 
 he stared at her , agape . 
 with gentle fingertips , julienne urged his mouth closed . 
 `` your blood is almost as blue as mine , lucien . 
 no wonder you carry yourself with such pride . '' 
 `` are you quite mad ? '' 
 `` beg your pardon ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 it was almost as if she did n't see his tarnish . 
 or perhaps she did n't care ... the possibility made his heart race , a tiny flame of hope sparking to life within him . 
 `` julienne , every moment i spend with you brings you closer to ruin . 
 why do n't you see that ? 
 i 'm a hedonistic , self-centered bastard who has taken liberties with you that deserve to get me drawn and quartered . 
 beheaded . 
 hanged . 
 shot . 
 run through - '' '' fine , '' she said sharply , pulling her hand from his and straightening her spine . 
 `` fine ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 fine . 
 you are a horrible , wretched excuse for a man . 
 is that what you want me to say ? 
 do you feel better ? '' 
 she lifted the folder and opened it . 
 `` i will choose a husband posthaste so you will have no further need to seek me out . '' 
 julienne looked briefly at the column of names , then snapped the folder shut . 
 `` the marquess of fontaine , it is . '' 
 lucien 's hands clenched right along with his jaw . 
 he was ashamed by how badly her words cut him when it was his own ill humor that had goaded her into saying them . 
 stung , he spoke rudely . 
 `` fontaine will never be faithful to you . 
 he 's just like me . 
 he 'll bed anything in a skirt . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 her voice held no censure , no sadness . 
 her ready acceptance of another man , one who did n't deserve her any more than he did , infuriated lucien . 
 `` that does n't disturb you ? '' 
 he bit out . 
 `` certainly i wish things could be different , '' she admitted , her fingers fidgeting with the file . 
 `` but it 's a common arrangement , lucien . 
 you are lucky to have two parents who care deeply for each other . 
 they 've been together for many years , have they not ? 
 your mother and the duke ? '' 
 so , she knew who his father was . 
 `` yes , almost two-score years now . '' 
 `` a lifetime of happiness . 
 some of us will have only fleeting moments of it . 
 your birth is nothing to be ashamed of . 
 you have choices , many paths you can take . 
 some of us have only one . '' 
 `` and what of your happiness ? '' 
 he asked harshly . 
 julienne 's smile was brittle . 
 `` i am one of those born with only one choice . '' 
 lucien swallowed hard , his gaze dropping to the folder . 
 he recalled every name it contained , men who were considered his superior because their parents had married while his had not . 
 he had more money than every one of them , more property , more affection for julienne . 
 if she would give up her station for him , he would give her the world . 
 words tumbled out of his mouth before he thought them through . 
 `` if you are so open to having a philandering husband , why not wed me ? '' 
 the file slipped from her hands , papers spilling out and spreading all over the floor . 
 she dropped to her knees , scrambling to gather the sheets together . 
 lucien joined her , noting the shaking of her hands and her rapid breathing . 
 he said nothing , startled by what he 'd asked and afraid to say something that would affect her decision . 
 long , torturous moments passed in silence . 
 `` are n't you going to answer ? '' 
 he asked finally , unable to bear the suspense any longer . 
 `` beg your pardon ? '' 
 she turned her head to look at him , her expression bemused . 
 `` bloody hell ! 
 i just asked you to marry me . '' 
 her lashes lowered , shuttering her gaze . 
 julienne hesitated before choosing her words carefully . 
 `` while i admit to the need for haste , i 'm not desperate . 
 i have several excellent prospects . 
 there is no need for you to make such a sacrifice . '' 
 lucien stared blindly ahead . 
 he 'd never imagined proposing to anyone , but he also never imagined being refused . 
 he felt ill . 
 maybe marchant was right . 
 perhaps he had caught the fever . 
 he set his hand atop hers , stilling its movement . 
 `` i realize i can not compete socially with your other suitors , julienne , but financially i can hold my own with any of them . '' 
 he steeled himself inwardly and then bared his thoughts . 
 `` i want you in my bed . 
 i need to be inside you so badly , i 'm about to lose my mind , and i 'm beginning to think one time wo n't be enough . 
 it might take weeks , months , to rid myself of this craving . 
 it does n't matter how many women i take , and hell , i 've had at least a dozen since - '' `` stop ! '' 
 she cried , leaping to her feet . 
 `` i do n't want to know . '' 
 lucien straightened , staring at the top of her downcast head . 
 `` julienne . '' 
 his voice dropped seductively . 
 `` i 'm extremely wealthy . 
 i can help your brother , and i can give you everything fontaine can , except for a title . 
 is a title so important to you ? '' 
 she lifted her chin , her gaze soft and liquid with tears . 
 `` no . 
 a title does not matter to me , lucien . '' 
 he reached out and captured her hand . 
 `` then take me , '' he urged , sweat misting his skin . 
 `` i 'll take care of everything . 
 i 'll take care of you . '' 
 `` oh , lucien , '' julienne breathed . 
 `` i can not . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 her chin quivered . 
 `` because i could n't bear to share you if you were mine . '' 
 lucien was stunned . 
 `` but you will tolerate a peer 's indiscretions ? 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she sighed miserably . 
 `` we must forget this conversation . 
 your friendship is important to me , lucien . 
 i - '' '' friendship ? '' 
 his hands tightened brutally on hers . 
 she winced , but he could n't make himself release her . 
 `` we are more than friends , julienne . 
 my fingers have been inside you . 
 i 've held your nak * d body against mine . 
 you have taken my c * ck in your mouth - '' she covered his mouth with her hand . 
 `` please , do n't be angry . 
 i would never take advantage of your desire by forcing you into marriage . 
 you would be miserable tied down in such a way , which would , in turn , make me miserable . 
 i can meet with you . 
 we can arrange to - '' `` you will f ** k me , '' he snapped , `` but not wed me ? '' 
 he broke into a sweat , even though his heart was cold . 
 a tear rolled down her cheek , breaking him , and he fought back in self-defense . 
 `` you act as if my background and social standing were of no consequence to you , but that 's a lie , julienne . 
 you consider me beneath you . 
 not worthy of marriage . 
 i 'm good enough to fuck , but nothing more . '' 
 lucien dropped her hand and turned away . 
 he did n't trust himself to touch her . 
 he might do something completely idiotic-like drop to his knees and beg . 
 `` that 's not true ! '' 
 she cried . 
 `` you know that 's not true . '' 
 he shot her a furious glance , and the sight of her tore at him . 
 her lush mouth , which had loved his body so ardently the night before , was quivering , and she was struggling to hold back tears . 
 the damned thing was , so was he . 
 without a word , lucien strode through the open french , doors and out to the garden beyond . 
 he heard julienne calling his name , her voice choked and pleading , but he could n't go back . 
 god , how he wanted her ! 
 his hands were shaking and his breath shuddering as sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 he mounted his horse in the mews . 
 he was completely undone , knowing , as he pulled away from julienne 's home , that it would be the last time he ever spoke to her . 
 chapter seven julienne watched lucien boldly , uncaring who saw her . 
 after weeks of self-imposed exile , he 'd reappeared in society looking leaner and paler , the skin around his eyes shadowed . 
 he did n't look well , but to julienne he looked wonderful . 
 beautifully dressed in evening attire , he stood out from the crowd , his presence so compelling and so uncivilized despite his refined exterior . 
 lucien must have felt her regard . 
 he turned his head and met her gaze , his expression altering not at all upon seeing her . 
 he turned back to his companion , a voluptuous and obviously smitten woman of the world . 
 an experienced femme fatale , with flame-red hair and lips , who held his arm and rubbed her full br ** sts against it , while lucien sliced julienne through the heart with the cut direct . 
 she reminded herself that she 'd never had a claim to him . 
 even when he 'd rashly offered marriage , lucien had never agreed to be hers . 
 but that did n't stop her from feeling as if she would cast up her accounts all over the ballroom floor . 
 `` what are you contemplating , lady julienne ? '' 
 fontaine asked as he leaned over her . 
 `` i 'm thinking you should ask me to dance . '' 
 her handsome suitor 's mouth curved in a smile that caused other women to swoon , yet affected julienne not at all . 
 `` another dance ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 `` how deliciously scandalous . '' 
 with consummate skill , he moved her from the edge of the dance floor and into sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 the line of waiting couples . 
 as the music began and they moved with the other dancers , she watched lucien lead the redhead to a deserted corner , his hand cupping the curve of her derriere . 
 dismayed , julienne missed a step . 
 fontaine 's arm tightened , supporting her , his quick response preventing any embarrassment for them . 
 `` thank you , '' she said , with a grateful smile , swallowing back her misery . 
 justin tilted his head in acknowledgment . 
 `` we rub along well together . '' 
 `` yes , '' she agreed . 
 `` we do . '' 
 his gaze filled with satisfaction . 
 their nuptials were quickly becoming a foregone conclusion . 
 soon , very soon , julienne would have to explain her brother 's plight . 
 raised an aristocrat , the same as she was , the present marquess of fontaine knew the workings of upper-tier marriages , and her situation , while pitiable , was fairly common . 
 in fact , she was almost certain he already knew of her brother 's troubles . 
 when the reel ended , justin escorted her back to aunt eugenia before departing for another event . 
 try as she might , and she did try , julienne could n't stop herself from looking for lucien . 
 when she found him , she clasped a gloved hand over her mouth , containing a sob . 
 lucien was leaning over his red-haired lover , whispering in her ear and nuzzling her throat , the picture of rapturous attentiveness . 
 `` excuse me , aunt eugenia . '' 
 she turned away , her chest tight . 
 `` i have to sneeze . '' 
 she moved with haste toward the nearest hallway . 
 afraid to go into the ladies ' retiring room and hazard running into other guests , julienne made her way farther down the hall , where unlit tapers offered privacy . 
 she slipped into the third closed door and shut it behind her . 
 for a moment , she was blind in the darkness , but she stumbled her way to an open-sided chaise , sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 where she threw herself down and began to cry in earnest . 
 arrested by grief , she did n't hear the bolt slide home . 
 when a large , ungloved hand covered her mouth , her eyes flew open in shock . 
 and clashed with lucien 's furious gaze . 
 his intent was obvious as he covered her body with his own . 
 removing his hand , he replaced it with his lips , his wonderful scent overpowered by brandy , which filled her nostrils and flavored his kisses . 
 her heart raced and her chest ached as she struggled for air , her body coming to immediate arousal , needing him like it needed food and water . 
 julienne tasted blood as her teeth cut the soft insides of her lips . 
 he tasted it , too , and it seemed to inflame him , his ardor mounting until he took her mouth with savage intensity . 
 a delicious shudder heated her body . 
 against her will , she arched upward into his cock , wanting him ... needing him to fill the emptiness he 'd left behind . 
 lucien groaned at her response , his hands wandering possessively over her curves , the heat of his erection burning through her satin gown . 
 his feet slipped between her own and then slid outward , forcing her legs as far apart as her dress would allow . 
 where once there had been tender exploration and affection , there now was only pain and fury . 
 lucien 's hand gripped her breast convulsively , hurtfully , making her wince . 
 julienne 's hands moved off the chaise , sliding under his coat and waistcoat , tearing at his buttons in her desperation to get to his skin . 
 lucien yanked her skirts upward , ripping her stockings . 
 the delicate threads of her gown popped , protesting his rough treatment . 
 he lifted his mouth , and she gasped for air . 
 `` you 've ruined me . '' 
 his hands shook as they reached under her skirts . 
 `` i 've been sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 unable to bed another woman ... since the last time i touched you . '' 
 she smothered a sob , hating the thought that he 'd even tried , and deeply , endlessly relieved that he 'd failed . '' 
 julienne ... '' `` go to your whore , '' she cried , even as she held him tightly to her . 
 even as she prayed he would n't . 
 `` damn you to hell ! '' 
 he cursed , gripping her thigh with bruising strength . 
 `` you 're so willing to discard me . '' 
 his fingers reached her sex , and he gave a tortured groan . 
 `` so wet , almost dripping . 
 can anyone else make you feel like this , julienne ? 
 or is this only for me ? '' 
 `` lucien - '' `` do you want me to stop ? '' 
 he asked hoarsely as he slid his fingers inside her . 
 she tried to pull away , but her traitorous body welcomed him with a rush of moisture . 
 `` i do n't want ... y-your anger ... '' `` you want me , '' he whispered savagely . 
 `` but you 'll send me to another 's bed . '' 
 his damp cheek pressed against hers , his hot breath burning across her ear . 
 `` that woman out there-she 's desperate for me , julienne , as mad for me as you are , but she wo n't turn me away . 
 in an hour , i 'll be deep inside of her , and she 'll be screaming my name ... while you rot in your virginal bed . '' 
 `` bastard , '' she sobbed , her hands fisting against his back . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 `` tell me to stop , and i will . '' 
 his mouth moved feverishly , pressing openmouthed kisses against her neck . 
 `` go to hell ! '' 
 `` ah , sweet , '' he murmured , his velvety voice filling with sadness , his thrusting fingers never ceasing their torment . 
 `` you ca n't say it , can you ? 
 you crave me too much . '' 
 julienne moaned as the pleasure built , lucien 's fingers slipping easily through the cream that flowed from her , pumping faster and faster , making her writhe with the need for more than just this . 
 `` does it feel good , my love ? '' 
 he pressed his damp forehead to hers . 
 `` your cunt is so drenched , so hot and tight . 
 i could f ** k you properly , julienne . 
 ram my c * ck in you until you scream with pleasure . 
 would you like that ? '' 
 she pressed herself against him , her h * ps lifting to give him greater access . 
 `` lucien ... '' he ground his erection into her leg . 
 `` you 'll miss me when you 're married to your philandering marquess . '' 
 he nuzzled the side of her face . 
 `` but i 'll accommodate you when you want to be held like this ... pleasured like this . 
 wear those trousers and come to my club . '' 
 `` i hate you for this , '' she sobbed . 
 and she hated herself for loving him anyway . 
 `` show me how much you hate me , julienne . 
 i want to feel it when you come around my fingers . '' 
 lucien reached farther into her , stroking skillfully . 
 and she cli ** xed on his command , a white hot , exploding orgasm that had her moaning his name . 
 he swallowed her pleasured cries in his mouth , groaning along with her , holding her shuddering body tightly against him . 
 when it was over , julienne gasped for air and strengthened her resolve . 
 before lucien could pull away , she bucked upward , forcing his fingers from her and throwing him to the floor . 
 she was atop him in an instant , straddling his thighs and shoving his palms under her knees , using the weight of her body to pin his sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 hands to the floor . 
 she drew off her long gloves and tore open the placket of his breeches . 
 he growled . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 staring down at his handsome features , julienne watched the play of emotions that burned in his gaze . 
 her hands pulled his c * ck free and gripped him firmly . 
 her smile was feral . 
 `` you wo n't have anything left for that woman by the time i 'm done with you , lucien remington . '' 
 she bent forward and licked his bottom lip , savoring his taste . 
 her hands slid along the hot length of his shaft , loving the feel of him . 
 `` i 'm going to wring you dry . '' 
 `` i could throw you off easily , '' he threatened . 
 `` ah , but you wo n't . '' 
 her thumbs drifted over the engorged head , feeling the slickness of his seed everywhere . 
 `` you crave me too much . '' 
 he squeezed his eyes closed with a curse , unable to deny it . 
 `` did you come when i did , lucien ? '' 
 she lubricated her palms and then curled her hands around him . 
 `` how terribly naughty of you . 
 but you 're still so hard , ready to do it again . '' 
 his h * ps began to pump upward as she used both hands to stroke him off . 
 `` jesus ... julienne ... '' sweat dripped from his brow , dampening the inky hair on his forehead . 
 `` what a shame for your trollop , '' she murmured . 
 `` i have no experience with male anatomy , but i know you 're well-endowed . 
 so hot and huge . 
 my hands can barely close around your cock . '' 
 she pressed her mouth against his ear . 
 `` like a wild stallion . 
 but that woman out there wo n't have the pleasure of riding you tonight . '' 
 biting the lobe of his ear , she whispered hotly , `` you will never be mine , but for tonight , at least , you wo n't be hers either . '' 
 lucien growled . 
 his fingers flexed against her kneecaps , and his shaft pulsed in her hands . 
 julienne memorized the beauty of his face flushed with passion , his gorgeous eyes narrowed and watching her , his mouth swollen and parted on heaving gasps . 
 she stroked him faster , running her thumbs over the slickness on the tip , wanting to give him pleasure . 
 pumping her fists with greater and greater urgency , julienne relished the guttural cries that tore from his throat . 
 she loved the feel of him , soft satin over steel , and the way he liked to be pleasured , hard and primitive . 
 his entire body tensed beneath her , his c * ck swelled in her hands , telling her how close he was . 
 `` come for me , darling , '' she urged . 
 `` come until there 's nothing left for any other woman . '' 
 he cursed , and then twisted his hips , releasing his seed in powerful spurts across the rug . 
 julienne continued to attend to him , drawing out everything he had , until her hands were covered in his sem * n , until lucien slumped in exhaustion , his body twitching , his breathing labored . 
 only then did she release him . 
 she brushed featherlight kisses across his closed lids and parted lips , all the while carefully unwinding his cravat . 
 then she wiped her hands off with it . 
 she stood and tossed the ruined linen on his chest . 
 `` good-bye , lucien . '' 
 glorious with anger , she left him spent on the floor . 
 chapter eight julienne collected aunt eugenia and left the ball immediately . 
 she was relieved to return to montrose hall . 
 with her emotions in turmoil , she longed for a glass of sherry and a warm bath . 
 as the butler closed the door behind them , their housekeeper approached with a letter in hand . 
 `` lord montrose returned this evening , my lady . 
 i was told to present this to you upon your return . '' 
 `` dear heaven , '' eugenia muttered . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 julienne opened the missive and read quickly . 
 furious , she stomped her slippered foot on the marble floor . 
 `` the idiot returned to london only to leave straight away for a party . '' '' 
 a party ? 
 with what we 've been through these last weeks ? '' 
 `` i will need my cloak back , '' julienne informed the startled butler . 
 `` and have the carriage brought around again . '' 
 `` no , julienne . '' 
 she turned wide-eyed to her aunt . 
 eugenia shook her head . 
 `` our position is too precarious . 
 risking your reputation at a time like this could lead to our ruin . 
 i 'm ashamed of myself for allowing hugh to run wild like this , and i 'm ashamed that you 've been the one to go haring after him every time . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i have n't done a very good job of sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 being the disciplinarian , i 'm afraid . 
 it 's time i corrected that . 
 i shall be the one to go after him . '' 
 julienne leaned over and kissed her aunt 's cheek . 
 `` you 've done a remarkable job . 
 but you 'll have to trust me . 
 the places hugh frequents would make you swoon , and we ca n't have that . '' 
 `` oh , i do n't know about that . 
 i was married , and you 're just a - '' `` do you know what a dildo is ? '' 
 eugenia 's eyes widened . 
 `` good grief ! '' 
 `` or the kama sutra ? '' 
 eugenia waved her hands in front of her face . 
 `` of course , i 've heard of such things , but for you to have been exposed ... good heavens . '' 
 `` see ? 
 you 're already on the verge of a fit of vapors . '' 
 julienne grabbed her aunt 's elbow and led her toward the stairs . 
 `` i shall see to hugh . '' 
 `` you can not go back to remington 's ! 
 if fontaine were to hear of it - '' `` i do n't believe hugh went to remington 's , '' she said dryly . 
 `` he owes too much money there . '' 
 `` too much ... oh , dear god , we 're ruined ! '' 
 eugenia shook her head , resigned . 
 `` now , now . 
 order some hot tea and settle in . 
 do n't worry yourself . 
 i will locate hugh , and we 'll sort this entire mess out . '' 
 she prodded her aunt up the stairs . 
 `` i do n't feel right about you going out alone at this hour , julienne . '' 
 `` i know , '' she soothed . 
 `` i wo n't be gone long . '' 
 `` the last time you said that , you spent the night with lucien remington ! '' 
 `` aunt eugenia ! '' 
 julienne glanced around the foyer in dismay . 
 `` keep your voice down ! '' 
 her aunt grumbled her way up the stairs , glancing down at the foyer indecisively every few steps . 
 julienne moved into the study to wait for the carriage , and poured herself two fingers of hugh 's expensive brandy . 
 she lifted the tumbler and downed the contents , coughing and wincing as the potent liquor burned its way down her throat . 
 her body still hummed vibrantly from her earlier orgasm , but deep inside , her heart was cold . 
 the things lucien had said ... that woman he was with ... no . 
 she could n't think of that now , or she would go mad . 
 she had to think about hugh , who was in for a surprise . 
 she was weary of his irresponsibility , and at the present moment , she was furious with every male on the planet . 
 her brother was about to discover that firsthand . 
 it was nearly dawn , and julienne was close to exhaustion by the time the carriage pulled up to the fourth house . 
 she was relying on her coachman to find her brother based on his knowledge of hugh 's favorite haunts . 
 this was her final stop . 
 if this was not the correct party , she would return to montrose hall and wait for hugh there . 
 her footman climbed the steps and made the necessary inquiries . 
 moments later , he opened the carriage door . 
 `` lord montrose arrived an hour past , my lady . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 she alighted from the carriage and wrapped her cloak tighter around her . 
 as she walked up the short staircase , julienne admired the grand georgian design . 
 it was large for a townhouse , and the beautifully maintained facade proudly boasted the wealth of its owner . 
 the door was held open , and she swept right in , using the hood of her cloak to hide her face . 
 she found her brother in a richly appointed billiards room , surrounded by a large and boisterous group of gentlemen and demimondaines . 
 julienne waited for him to notice her in the doorway , unwilling to risk stepping inside . 
 hugh laughed at a pretty brunette 's witticism and then glanced her way . 
 despite her hood and cloak , he recognized her . 
 his humor fled , turning into wide-eyed , mouth-agape horror . 
 he left his companions without a word and hastened toward her with his long-legged stride . 
 gripping her elbow , he pulled her into the shadows . 
 hugh la coeur was renowned for a great many things in addition to his propensity for hedonism . 
 he was a beautiful male specimen , with golden hair and dark , heavy-lidded eyes . 
 he 'd emerged victorious from two duels , and was considered to be an expert marksman and swordsman . 
 if only he 'd focus that level of intensity on making money , they could climb out of the financial mire they were in now . 
 `` jules , what the devil are you doing here ? '' 
 he cried . 
 `` what do you think , hugh ? '' 
 her voice rose with anger . 
 `` you irresponsible , self-centered - '' he clamped a tobacco-scented hand over her mouth and tugged her down the hall . 
 opening a closed door , he pushed her into a dimly lit parlor . 
 `` if fontaine heard word of your presence in this house , it would be a disaster ! '' 
 julienne pulled her arm from his grip . 
 `` and then he might not be inclined to offer for me , and you would be ruined in debt . 
 i can well collect your concern . '' 
 hugh had the decency to flush . 
 `` you would be ruined as well , '' he pointed out gruffly . 
 `` at this point , hugh , i would find the loss of my reputation to be worth it if you would learn your lesson . '' 
 she slashed her hand through the air . 
 `` your rakehell days are over . 
 i 've come to like lord fontaine . 
 it troubles me to think of his sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 money being used to pay for your selfish indulgences . 
 i will not allow him to support you forever . 
 you must do your duty to the title . 
 you need to maintain the estates , make the tenants happy , and find someone you can trust to make some investments for you . '' 
 hugh gaped . 
 `` hell 's teeth ! 
 i will not engage in trade ! '' 
 `` swallow your pride , '' she snapped . 
 `` you have squandered centuries of le coeur heritage in less than a decade . 
 now you must find a way to rebuild it . '' 
 she crossed her arms and lifted her chin . 
 `` and you will start doing so immediately . 
 you no longer have the luxury of parties such as these . 
 you should be home , sleeping , in preparation for the day 's hard work on the morrow . '' 
 `` damnation . '' 
 his hands went to his hips . 
 `` i will not be dictated to ! '' 
 `` and you will not whore me out to pay for your lifestyle ! '' 
 hugh was shocked into silence . 
 he was still young enough that his hard living had not yet etched its passing on his handsome face , but that would n't last long . 
 if he continued on his present course of endless indulgences , he would age before his time . 
 but julienne would fight tooth and nail before she allowed that to happen . 
 he lowered his head . 
 `` ah hell , jules . 
 you are correct , as usual . 
 i 'm dreadfully sorry for having gotten us into this morass . '' 
 he ran a hand through his hair and looked at her with suddenly weary eyes . 
 `` i 'm not suited to being montrose . 
 i never have been . 
 you have no idea how often i wish father and mother were still alive . 
 i miss them , and i had so much yet to learn ... '' `` i understand , hugh , truly . 
 but you are the only one who can do this , '' she said with a sigh . 
 `` we all have responsibilities in life . 
 this is your burden to bear . 
 i will assist you as best i can and help you find your footing , but you will have to do what is necessary to keep yourself there . '' 
 he began to pace . 
 `` have you discussed our situation with fontaine ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 `` but jules , '' hugh cried , `` you have to tell him . '' 
 julienne narrowed her eyes . 
 `` exactly how much trouble are we in ? '' 
 he flushed , and her gut clenched . 
 `` cut to the heart of it , '' she ordered . 
 `` i do n't have the stomach to listen to an accounting of every shilling . '' 
 hugh quit pacing and faced her squarely . 
 `` it 's mostly gambling debts . '' 
 `` i 'm aware of that . 
 how much , hugh ? '' 
 she rubbed the space between her brows , fighting off a headache . 
 `` well , i owe white 's twenty thousand pounds and - '' '' twenty thousand ? '' 
 she screeched . 
 `` hush , jules ! '' 
 he winced and shot a glance at the door . 
 `` perhaps you should sit . '' 
 `` good heavens , '' she muttered , her eyes widening . 
 julienne began to tap her foot in a rapid staccato on the aubusson rug . 
 `` tell me that is your largest creditor . '' 
 `` now , julienne , i realize - '' `` out with it . 
 we do n't have all night . '' 
 `` we should discuss this at home . '' 
 `` oh , no . 
 right here will be sufficient . '' 
 she arched a brow . 
 `` who is your largest creditor , and how much do you owe them ? '' 
 hugh 's shoulders slumped . 
 `` remington 's . 
 i owe one hundred thousand pounds . '' 
 julienne swayed on her feet . '' 
 one hundred thousand ? '' 
 she breathed as the blood drained from her face . 
 `` to lucien remington ? '' 
 he reached out to steady her . 
 `` do n't faint , jules , '' he pleaded . 
 `` i 'm sorry about all sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 of this , but that bastard remington kept my accounts open . 
 white 's cut me off at twenty thousand , but - '' `` no more ! '' 
 she snapped , pushing him away . 
 `` do n't blame lucien remington for your weakness . 
 i will not have you disparaging him in any way . 
 do you understand ? 
 in any way . 
 he has made something of himself , built an empire . 
 you have done this to us . 
 you alone are responsible . '' 
 hugh recoiled from her sharp tone , one she 'd never used with him before . 
 `` he could ruin us ! '' 
 `` and who gave him that power ? '' 
 she countered . 
 he opened his mouth to speak , but she cut him off with an upraised hand . 
 `` i 'm exhausted , and i do n't wish to discuss your problems anymore this evening . 
 fetch your cloak . 
 we 're leaving . '' 
 as the door to the parlor closed , the two intertwined figures on the settee separated , and one sat up . 
 `` fascinating , '' amanda murmured , as she straightened her bodice . 
 magnus , duke of glasser , brushed aside her dark hair to nuzzle her neck . 
 `` not as fascinating as what i have right here , '' he murmured wickedly . 
 `` glass , for heaven 's sake . 
 do n't you realize we 've just met our future daughter-in-law ? '' 
 she brushed his roving hands away . 
 the duke heaved a long-suffering sigh and sat up beside her . 
 `` we did n't meet anyone . 
 we eavesdropped . 
 and it sounded like the chit has her claws in fontaine . 
 why would she want charles ? '' '' 
 charles ? '' 
 she rolled her eyes . 
 `` for heaven 's sake , glass , pay attention . 
 i 'm talking about lucien . '' 
 `` lucien ? '' 
 he queried , obviously confused . 
 `` she 's an earl 's daughter . 
 and from sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 the sound of it , she 's well on her way to being a marchioness . 
 what would she want with lucien ? '' 
 `` what woman would n't want lucien ? 
 he 's the spitting image of you , handsome devil that you are . '' 
 she smiled seductively . 
 `` and did n't you hear lady julienne defend him ? 
 there 's something afoot there . 
 she likes him . '' 
 `` lots of women like lucien , '' magnus pointed out with a good dollop of fatherly pride . 
 `` does n't mean he wants to marry them . 
 who knows if he 's even met the gel before ? '' 
 amanda attempted to restore some order to her hair . 
 `` trust me , darling . 
 a woman knows these things . 
 lady julienne took a personal offense to montrose 's comments . 
 i can assure you , they 've met . 
 you 'll see i 'm right . '' 
 she squealed as she was tackled back onto the settee . 
 `` i 've got something to show you , '' the duke growled . 
 `` right here . '' 
 `` you look awful . '' 
 lucien scowled as he paced the empty hazard room of remington 's . 
 `` to hell with you , too , marchant . '' 
 his man-of-affairs laughed . 
 `` it 's unusually early for you to be here . '' '' 
 you 're here , '' lucien retorted . 
 `` i 'm always here at this time . '' 
 marchant sighed at lucien 's skeptical glance . 
 `` you truly have no idea what you pay me for , do you ? '' 
 lucien paused in his pacing and glared . 
 `` i 'm certain i do n't pay you to harass and insult me , so be on your way . '' 
 `` i have something to discuss with you , lucien . '' 
 `` not now . 
 i 'm not in the mood . '' 
 `` it is precisely your present mood that necessitates my speaking with you . '' 
 `` bloody hell and damnation ! '' 
 lucien leaned against a hazard table and crossed his arms , his head throbbing viciously . 
 `` out with it then . 
 and make haste . '' 
 `` i gave you some bad advice the other day . '' 
 lucien arched a brow . 
 `` not something you want to tell me , harold . 
 one of the things i pay you for is your advice . 
 if it 's not worth hearing , i may sack you . '' 
 `` the employee in me is quaking in his boots , '' marchant said wryly . 
 `` but as your friend , i must continue regardless . '' 
 lucien closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose . 
 god help him . 
 `` i do n't think you should allow lady julienne to marry any of the men on that list i compiled . '' 
 lucien 's eyes flew open . 
 `` why ? 
 what 's wrong with them ? '' '' ' 
 t is not what 's wrong with them , but what 's wrong with you . '' 
 marchant 's eyes were kind behind his spectacles . 
 `` you 're lovesick . '' 
 `` i am not ! '' 
 `` you are . 
 you 're barely tolerable . 
 the employees are avoiding you , the customers are steering clear of your company , you 've been drinking yourself into a stupor every night , and instead of going home , you 've been staying in your rooms upstairs . '' 
 `` i own the damn place ! '' 
 lucien growled . 
 `` i can spend the night here if i wish . '' 
 `` you are staying in the sapphire room because of her , '' marchant argued . 
 lucien lowered his head . 
 there was no point in denying it . 
 his man-of-affairs was too bright . 
 `` you told me to stay away from her , harold . '' 
 `` i thought she was merely a temporary amusement . 
 now it 's obvious to me , and to everyone else , that she means far more to you than that . '' 
 `` my feelings do n't signify . 
 i 'm not worthy of her . '' 
 marchant sighed . 
 `` will you be able to live with yourself knowing she is married to someone else ? 
 a man you see regularly here within the walls of your own establishment ? 
 will you be able to hold your tongue , and your fists , when he makes use of the courtesans while the woman you covet waits at home for him ? 
 how will you feel when lord fontaine comes in to celebrate the birth of their children ? '' '' 
 that 's enough ! '' 
 lucien shouted , his chest tight with fury and misery . 
 to think of julienne belonging to another man was too much to bear . 
 if he could n't have her , he did n't want anyone else to have her either . 
 but that was n't the way it would be . 
 and somehow , he would have to find the strength to live with that . 
 `` there are some mistakes we can live with , and others we ca n't . 
 only you can determine which kind of mistake this is . '' 
 marchant turned to walk away . 
 `` harold . '' 
 the man-of-affairs paused . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` lucien , darling . 
 punctual , as always . '' 
 lucien smiled affectionately at his mother as he was shown into her parlor . 
 shades of pink and mauve embellished with gilt and satin made the room an entirely feminine retreat . 
 leaning over her , he kissed both of her cheeks . 
 `` you look stunning , mother . '' 
 she waited until he took the seat opposite her before beginning tea . 
 `` you look like hell , '' she said bluntly . 
 `` have you lost weight ? '' 
 she handed lucien a cup and saucer . 
 `` pining for lady julienne la coeur ? '' 
 startled , lucien fumbled with his cup , cursing as he spilt the hot liquid . 
 `` beg sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 your pardon ? '' 
 setting the saucer down , he stuck his burnt fingers in his mouth . 
 `` i said you look like hell . '' 
 `` i heard that part , '' he muttered , wiping his hand on a linen napkin . 
 `` it was the rest of it i missed . '' 
 `` no , you did n't . 
 i met your love last night . '' 
 lucien blinked , his head spinning . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 amanda dropped two lumps of sugar into her tea . 
 `` she 's lovely and feisty . '' 
 `` julienne was here ? '' 
 he shot to his feet . '' 
 last night ? '' 
 `` sit down , lucien . 
 i shall get a neck cramp looking up at you . '' 
 frowning , he sat . 
 his julienne ? 
 here ? 
 in the midst of london 's demimonde ? 
 he flushed . 
 `` it bothers you that she was here ? '' 
 his mother asked . 
 `` why was she here ? '' 
 amanda smiled . 
 `` she was dragging her scapegrace brother home . '' 
 lucien stood again . 
 `` montrose is back ? '' 
 he swallowed hard . 
 this was dreadful . 
 now fontaine could pay his addresses . 
 `` lucien , please ! 
 sit down . '' 
 again he dropped dutifully into the seat . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he asked hoarsely , fighting off a mild panic . 
 `` she was quite firm with him , scolding him and ordering him to start accepting his responsibilities . '' 
 lucien could n't hold back a smile . 
 fierce , passionate , no-nonsense julienne . 
 amanda smiled over the rim of her cup . 
 `` and when montrose made a nasty comment about you , she defended you . 
 i wish you could have heard her . 
 she sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 was magnificent . '' 
 the nausea he 'd been fighting all morning suddenly worsened . 
 last night . 
 after the things he 'd done and said to her , julienne had defended him anyway . 
 his head dropped into his hands . 
 damnation . 
 he would have felt better if she 'd maligned him right along with her brother . 
 this morning he 'd been certain there was no more wretched person on earth than himself . 
 he 'd believed it was n't possible to feel any worse . 
 but he did . 
 much worse . 
 how would he ever make amends to her ? 
 fueled by brandy , jealousy had eaten him alive . 
 julienne had spoken with fontaine at length . 
 the sight of them together had crushed him further . 
 they presented a dashing couple-two perfect , blond , beautiful aristocrats . 
 the handsome marquess had staked an obvious claim to julienne , and lucien had wanted nothing more than to rip them apart . 
 he 'd determined to make her as jealous as he was , to force her to share in his misery . 
 but when he 'd succeeded , when she 'd fled the room in obvious distress , he 'd followed , unable to do otherwise . 
 the smell of her , the feel of her skin , the taste of her mouth-he 'd been consumed by a singular madness . 
 to give her up , to lose her , was nigh unbearable , and he 'd wanted her to say she felt the same . 
 he 'd wanted her to fight for him , and when she had , when she 'd turned the tables , he 'd wanted her even more . 
 `` lucien ? '' 
 his mother 's voice was filled with concern . 
 he slid his hands through his hair and laced them at the back of his neck . 
 he looked at his mother with a pained smile . 
 `` i 've made a mess of things again . '' 
 the parlor door opened . 
 `` good morning ! '' 
 the duke greeted as he entered . 
 lucien rose from his chair and extended his hand to the man with whom he bore a remarkable resemblance . 
 `` good morning , your grace . '' 
 `` you look terrible , son . '' 
 `` so i 've been told . 
 repeatedly . '' 
 `` your father thinks lady julienne would be perfect for haverston , '' amanda murmured . '' 
 what ? '' 
 lucien 's eyes widened in horror . 
 there was one way for his life to become more hellish than it presently was , and that was for his younger brother , charles , the present marquess of haverston and future duke of glasser , to court or -lrb- heaven forbid ! -rrb- 
 marry his julienne . 
 his grace shot a glance at his longtime paramour . 
 `` seems you were correct , love , '' he conceded dryly . 
 amanda smiled with triumph . 
 `` am i not always ? '' 
 the duke grunted and bent to kiss her upraised cheek . 
 `` i must depart . 
 carolyn is having some sort of soiree this weekend , and i 'm expected to attend . '' 
 `` of course , '' she replied , showing no sign of hurt or dismay at the mention of the duchess of glasser . 
 after all their years together , she was confident in the extent of the duke 's love for her and was aware that after the birth of charles , the heir , he had never touched his wife again . 
 `` return to me at your soonest . '' 
 `` never doubt it . '' 
 magnus kissed her again . 
 lucien watched the exchange as he had often done over the years , but today the scene held new poignancy . 
 it was a harsh reminder that people did not marry below their class . 
 if he were honest with himself , he would admit that the most he could hope for would be to become julienne 's lover after her marriage . 
 the sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 arrangement could almost be perfect . 
 he would not have to marry , and julienne could have the title she deserved . 
 but lucien knew he could never share her with another man , and julienne would never consent to such an arrangement in any case . 
 she took her responsibilities seriously and would never betray her husband , even if that husband were unfaithful to her . 
 after the duke left , his mother returned her attention to him . 
 `` do you intend to allow lady julienne to marry fontaine ? '' 
 `` i have no choice . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` i offered to marry her , and she refused . '' '' 
 lucien ! '' 
 amanda 's brow creased with a frown , something she never allowed herself to do because she feared it would cause wrinkles . 
 `` you love her . '' 
 it was a statement , not a question . 
 lucien lifted his cup . 
 `` i lust for her . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` for heaven 's sake , darling , i am your mother . 
 you can not lie to me . '' 
 `` that 's not a lie . '' 
 `` surely there 's more to it than that . '' 
 `` such as ? '' 
 he muttered . 
 first marchant , now his mother . 
 was everyone determined to meddle in his life ? 
 amanda set her clasped hands on the edge of the table . 
 `` such as why she was so quick to rush to your defense ? 
 against her brother , no less . 
 and one hundred thousand quid , lucien ? 
 you would never have allowed montrose to become so far in your debt without a motive . '' 
 her eyes lit with discovery . 
 `` are you planning to use the earl 's misfortune to obtain his sister ? 
 something so underhanded sounds just like you . '' 
 `` thank you for the glowing estimation of my character , mother . '' 
 but what an interesting idea . 
 he was surprised he had n't come up with it himself . 
 amanda pounced on his telltale smile . 
 `` what is your plan ? '' 
 she queried eagerly . 
 `` i do n't have a plan . 
 i was biding my time until one presented itself . '' 
 `` come now . 
 you always have a plan . ' 
 t is how you acquired greater wealth than your brother . '' 
 `` mother , '' lucien began with quiet emphasis , `` i 'm not certain what impression you received from julienne last evening , but i can assure you , she is not in charity with me at the moment . '' 
 his mother frowned again . 
 `` do you want her ? '' 
 `` of course , '' he admitted . 
 `` i just do n't know in what way i want her . 
 or for how long , which is why she refused my suit . '' 
 of course , he 'd botched the entire affair by accusing her of things she was n't capable of and then storming out ... `` tell me what was said , and i 'll tell you where you erred . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` why is the mistake assumed to be mine ? '' 
 she leaned forward , and lucien was caught by the earnest intensity of her voice . 
 `` you deserve to be happy . 
 if lady julienne makes you happy , you should fight to the death for her . 
 you are worthy of a highborn bride . 
 never doubt that . '' 
 `` i 'm not worthy of julienne . '' 
 there was no bitterness in his voice , just quiet resignation . 
 raw hurt glittered in his mother 's eyes . 
 `` i am the only difference between you and fontaine . 
 you are wealthier , you are more handsome , and your blood is almost as blue . 
 are you ashamed of me , lucien ? 
 is it because your mother is a courtesan that you feel unworthy of julienne la coeur ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he reached across the table for her delicate hand and gave it a reassuring sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 squeeze . 
 `` it has nothing to do with you . 
 i 've never been a good man , never aspired to be one , and i 've been perfectly content . 
 i have no desire to change . 
 julienne is an angel , the purest thing i 've ever known . 
 agreeing to my suit would alienate her from the only life she 's ever known . 
 eventually she would grow to hate me for that . '' 
 `` i think you underestimate her strength , lucien . 
 you may find that you wo n't make her a lesser woman . 
 instead she may make you a better man . '' 
 amanda shot him a quizzical glance . 
 `` does your bastardy offend her ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 lucien smiled . 
 `` she thinks your affair is ` romantic . ' '' 
 `` and so it is , '' she said , with a smug smile . 
 `` i liked the girl last night . 
 i like her even more now . 
 she seems a very practical sort . '' 
 lucien arched a brow . 
 `` i recognize that look . 
 stay out of my private affairs , mother . 
 i do an excellent job of botching them up on my own . 
 i do n't require any assistance . '' 
 he stood . 
 `` i have to go now . 
 i have work to do . '' 
 `` and a lot to think about as well . '' 
 he grinned affectionately and ignored her comment . 
 `` i shall see you next week . '' 
 as her son left , amanda remington sat back in her chair and contemplated her next course of action . 
 she knew what her son needed , even if he did n't . 
 and she would see that he got it . 
 chapter nine hugh la coeur , the sixth earl of montrose , paused on the step of his carriage and grimaced at the imposing three-story , columned entrance to remington 's . 
 the morning sun shone brightly on the white facade as various members of the peerage exited and entered the popular gentlemen 's club . 
 behind him , traffic was heavy on st. james . 
 the steady clatter of rolling carriage wheels , horses ' hooves , and harnesses reminded him that life was still bustling forward for the rest of london , while he prepared to face his largest and most ruthless creditor . 
 with a deep , fortifying breath , hugh climbed the steps to the watered-glass , double-door entrance . 
 a footman in black-and-silver livery welcomed him inside , and hugh handed his hat , gloves , and cane to one of two waiting attendants . 
 he stepped into the round entrance foyer , with its black-and-white marbled floors , and again admired the massive chandelier that hung three stories up , with a large round table centered below it . 
 a gigantic floral arrangement dominated the center of the table , its heady fragrance permeating every corner of the foyer . 
 straight ahead was the gaming area . 
 from there , one could find either the staircases that led to the upper floors-where the fencing studio , courtesans , and private rooms were located-or to the lower floors , where the pugilist rings were kept . 
 to the left was the kitchen . 
 to the right were the offices of lucien remington . 
 hugh took one last , wistful look at the gaming rooms and then turned to his right . 
 he walked through the huge wooden door , with its oval glass center , and handed his card to the secretary , expecting to wait . 
 he was surprised when he was announced without delay . 
 nervous trepidation plagued him as he entered the sanctum of lucien remington . 
 he 'd never been in the offices before , and he took in his surroundings with a curious eye . 
 the first thing he noticed was the carved mahogany desk , which directly faced the door . 
 the massive piece of furniture was flanked on either side by floor-to-ceiling windows , and the desktop was littered with paperwork , silent confirmation of the strength and breadth of remington 's empire . 
 the room was done in masculine shades of deep green , cream , and gold . 
 an immense fireplace to the left was the focal point of a conversation area holding a settee and two leather wingback chairs . 
 floor-to-ceiling bookcases took up all the available wall space . 
 to the right , sunlit windows afforded views of the street below . 
 `` good afternoon , lord montrose . 
 i trust your trip to the country was pleasant . '' 
 hugh turned toward the deep voice and saw remington standing behind his desk , his famous blue eyes lit with amusement as he waved a hand toward one of the chairs that faced him . 
 `` how did you know where i was ? '' 
 hugh asked crossly as he took a seat . 
 `` you owe me one hundred thousand quid , my lord . 
 i 'm not likely to misplace you . '' 
 hugh scowled . 
 `` a drop in the bucket for you , remington . '' 
 `` true . 
 now , i assume you 've come to repay me ? '' 
 shifting uncomfortably , hugh said , `` i was hoping to make payment sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 arrangements with you . '' 
 a black brow lifted . 
 `` i see . 
 what do you propose ? '' 
 `` at the end of the season , i can repay half of what i owe , and then - '' remington raised a hand . 
 `` i wo n't accept fontaine 's money . 
 you owe me . 
 you will pay me . '' 
 `` damnation ! '' 
 hugh flushed with anger and embarrassment . 
 `` money is money , damn it . 
 why do you care where it comes from ? '' 
 `` the point is , i do care . '' 
 `` if you expect me to pay you out of my own pockets , it will take years . '' 
 `` i 'm not inclined to wait any longer . 
 either pay me the money , or listen to my alternate proposal . '' 
 hugh stiffened warily . 
 `` what alternate proposal ? '' 
 remington leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms over his chest . 
 `` i wish to see your sister socially . 
 you will smooth the way for me . 
 for every outing , every dance , every private moment with her , i will reduce your debt by ten thousand pounds . '' 
 hugh 's mouth fell open . 
 `` bloody hell . 
 this is extortion ! '' 
 remington said nothing . 
 `` lady julienne is close to announcing her betrothal to the marquess of fontaine , '' hugh pointed out . 
 `` your request could seriously jeopardize his interest in her . '' 
 remington remained silent . 
 `` she 's a debutante , remington , not one of your trollops . 
 i wo n't whore her out for my debts . '' 
 remington 's brows rose , and hugh colored with embarrassment at the silent sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 challenge that said he was doing exactly that . 
 `` fontaine offers marriage , '' he argued . 
 `` so do i. '' hugh choked . 
 `` the devil , you say ! 
 this grows more outrageous by the moment . 
 julienne ca n't marry you ! 
 she 's an earl 's daughter , for christ 's sake . '' 
 `` and i am a duke 's son . '' 
 `` well , yes , but you 're ... well ... you 're ... damnation , you know what the hell you are ! 
 it 's not the same thing at all . '' 
 remington shrugged , not the least bit perturbed . 
 `` marriage is out , so we return to my offer . 
 you may begin this evening . 
 i want one dance with lady julienne . 
 afterward you can deduct ten thousand pounds from your debt to me . '' 
 hugh ran both hands through his hair before massaging his temples . 
 `` she 's marrying someone else , remington . 
 why not find some other chit ? '' 
 `` my motives are my own . '' 
 remington rested his elbows on his desk . 
 `` i 'm a very busy man , montrose . 
 tell me your decision now-the money or ten moments with your sister . 
 what shall it be ? '' 
 `` this is appalling . '' 
 `` indeed ? '' 
 `` you 've gone mad . '' 
 `` quite possibly . '' 
 hugh was dumbstruck , and damned himself for landing julienne in this predicament . 
 she was correct . 
 it was time to get his affairs in order . 
 `` what if she refuses ? '' 
 `` then i will allow her to do so . 
 but she must refuse me each time . '' 
 `` hell 's teeth , this is abominable . 
 you , sir , are no gentleman . '' 
 remington smiled . 
 `` i have never claimed to be one . '' 
 `` i have stipulations . '' 
 remington nodded . 
 `` i expected you would . '' 
 `` outings must be chaperoned . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` if i acquire any portion of the money on my own , i can buy you out . '' 
 `` agreed . '' 
 `` and '' - hugh flushed - `` she 's untouched . 
 do n't think to ruin her to force my hand , or i will call you out . 
 in case you had n't heard , i 'm an excellent shot . 
 you would not survive the encounter . '' 
 `` i accept your terms . '' 
 remington 's confident expression never wavered . 
 `` i will claim the last set of the evening with lady julienne at the dempsey ball tonight . 
 do n't say anything to her . 
 i will approach her myself and afford her the opportunity to refuse . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 hugh rose and took another look around the elegantly appointed office . 
 `` i shall never wager another shilling in my life . '' 
 `` good idea , '' returned remington as he picked up his quill . 
 `` i do n't like to wager myself . '' 
 hugh gaped in astonishment and then started toward the door , muttering to himself . 
 `` does n't like to wager . 
 ridiculous . 
 man owns the largest gambling establishment in town . '' 
 lucien grinned triumphantly as the door closed behind montrose . 
 `` and i just made the biggest gamble of my life . '' 
 julienne surveyed the glittering ballroom with bleary eyes . 
 hugh 's trips to his sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 various creditors that afternoon had been successful . 
 he assured her of the ready cooperation of all , including lucien remington , and seemed truly determined to take his responsibilities more seriously . 
 having accomplished that , julienne could have spent the evening at home and considered the day well spent . 
 but hugh had insisted she attend the dempsey ball . 
 now it was the early hours of the following morning , she was exhausted , her mind tortured by thoughts of lucien , and her brother insisted they remain until the end . 
 julienne tried desperately to stifle a yawn . 
 `` hugh , '' she muttered , `` i 'm retiring to the ladies ' room for a nap . 
 you send for me when you 're ready to depart . '' 
 he scowled . 
 `` you promised the last set to me . '' 
 `` well , then , send for me just before . 
 if i stand here another moment , i shall embarrass myself by falling asleep on my feet . '' 
 `` fine , '' he grumbled . 
 `` go . '' 
 julienne moved away before he could change his mind . 
 reaching the hallway , she hid a yawn behind her gloved hand . 
 she screeched as she was yanked without warning into an alcove . 
 lucien slid the curtain closed behind her . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she cried , even as her heart leapt at his proximity . 
 stunningly handsome , he was impeccably attired in evening black . 
 she had n't seen him all evening , and she hated to contemplate where he might have been . 
 `` adding to my collection of bruises ? '' 
 she snapped . 
 he had the grace to wince . 
 `` julienne . '' 
 his voice was low and tinged with regret . 
 `` please forgive me for last night . 
 i was foxed . 
 i should never have touched you the way i did . '' 
 she lifted her chin and reached for the curtain . 
 `` you are correct about that . 
 now sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 if you will excuse me . '' 
 he gripped her elbow . 
 `` julienne , please . 
 do n't go yet . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 i think we 've said all that needs to be said . '' 
 lucien pulled off his gloves and shoved them into his pockets . 
 the longing on his face arrested her . 
 as his palm cupped her cheek , julienne closed her eyes and breathed in the familiar scent of his skin . 
 `` i 've missed you , '' he whispered . 
 `` every moment i 'm not with you , i miss you . '' 
 `` lucien , do n't ... '' `` yes , julienne . 
 look at me . '' 
 reluctantly she lifted her lids and met his gaze , the austereness of his features stealing her breath . 
 `` i 'm so very sorry , sweet . 
 i never wanted to hurt you . '' 
 julienne fought the tears that threatened . 
 `` allow me to explain something to you , lucien . 
 something men of your sort do n't seem to comprehend . 
 women are feeling creatures , at least they are until they 've been hurt enough to no longer care . 
 we reserve parts of our soul for the men who are important in our lives , places where trust and respect reside . 
 once those feelings are lost , you can not reclaim them . 
 once they are dead , they can not be revived . '' 
 she shoved his hand away from her face . 
 `` i 've heard your apology , and yet it means nothing to me . 
 you want me to make you feel better , to tell you i understand and forgive you , but i do n't understand . '' 
 she turned to leave . 
 `` i did n't touch her , '' he said quickly in a voice so hoarse she barely recognized it . 
 `` since that day i came to your home , i have n't been with another woman . 
 i 've been faithful to you . '' 
 julienne turned , searching his face , and found him in deadly earnest . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 asked simply . 
 `` you are the only woman i want . '' 
 lucien cupped her face with both hands . 
 `` when you rejected my proposal , i lost my head . 
 i 'm not accustomed to being denied something i want so desperately . 
 i am so very sorry , julienne . 
 you do n't have to forgive me . 
 all i ask is that you believe my sincerity . '' 
 his mouth lowered slowly , giving her the opportunity to pull away . 
 with heartrending tenderness , he kissed away the tears she had n't known were falling . 
 julienne turned her head to capture his lips , and she was lost . 
 lost in his scent , his touch . 
 lost in him . 
 `` i believe you , '' she whispered . 
 lucien 's mouth brushed along her jaw and down her throat . 
 `` why are you wearing this high-necked dress ? '' 
 he murmured . 
 `` to hide the bruises . '' 
 he froze , his body turning hard as stone . 
 his hands left her face and reached for the buttons on the back of her gown , his impatient fingers working with obvious familiarity of a woman 's clothing . 
 `` lucien , no , '' she protested , agonizingly aware of the thinness of the curtain that separated them from the prying eyes of the ton . 
 `` not here . 
 not now . '' 
 he dipped his head , hushing her with a kiss . 
 soon her gown gaped in the back , and he pushed it to the floor . 
 he growled , his fingers brushing over their own prints left in the tender skin of her br ** sts . 
 `` jesus , '' he breathed . 
 pulling her to him , he kissed her throat . 
 his mouth wandered downward , kissing every mark he 'd left on her . 
 the touch of his lips was gentle , reverent . 
 he whispered anguished apologies against her skin , and as he dropped to his knees in front of her , she could feel the wetness of his tears soak through her chemise . 
 the depth of his remorse , his openness of feeling , his willingness to show her his sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 vulnerability , stunned her . 
 this was a side of lucien she had never seen . 
 julienne wondered if anyone had ever seen it . 
 as he pushed up her chemise , his hot breath ruffled the curls of her sex . 
 she shivered , her blood heating , her heart racing . 
 lucien groaned and buried his mouth between her legs . 
 slipping a hand behind her knee , he lifted her leg free of her gown and pulled it over his shoulder , opening her to his ravishment . 
 gentle fingers parted her , and julienne sagged against the wall as his tongue delved deeper inside , licking her as if he savored the taste of her . 
 she stared down , watching him , and her heart clenched in her chest . 
 she could never have imagined the sight of the powerful lucien remington on his knees before her , his gorgeous eyes bright with grief and other more frightening emotions . 
 with long , slow , sinuous laps he cherished her . 
 he loved her leisurely , as if they had all the time in the world , as if they were alone and not mere steps away from ruination . 
 melancholy welled up inside her . 
 `` lucien , '' she whispered as his tongue thrust into her . 
 `` my darling . '' 
 her fingers slipped through his hair and wrapped around his scalp . 
 his tongue probed deep , and she bit her lip to hold back her cries . 
 the coiling tension wound tighter , and her h * ps thrust forward , seeking to deepen the contact . 
 she rode his mouth , undulating against him , her lips parted as she fought to breathe . 
 he latched onto her and suckled with expert , gentle force , knowing just what she needed . 
 her back arched , her breath seized , her fingers tugged at his hair as she came against his mouth . 
 her orgasm rolled through her , over her , releasing the relentless tension that had gripped her for over a week . 
 a week in which she 'd fallen in love and then had her heart broken . 
 he soothed her tremors with soft laps , gentling her before rising to his feet . 
 boneless , julienne stood unmoving as lucien dressed her . 
 he drew her against his chest as he buttoned the back of her gown . 
 when he was done , he rocked her gently in his arms . 
 never in her life had julienne felt more cherished . 
 `` it 's the last set , '' he whispered . 
 `` i must go , '' she sighed . 
 `` montrose will be looking for me . '' 
 lucien nuzzled her throat . 
 `` this set is reserved for me . '' 
 `` be serious , '' she murmured , kissing the sharp line of his jaw . 
 `` you can not continue to ravish me in public venues . 
 we 'll - '' `` i am serious . 
 montrose is aware of my intentions and has promised to offer no objection . 
 say yes , julienne . '' 
 he kissed the tip of her nose . 
 `` i 'm an excellent dancer . '' 
 `` you 're also a conceited rogue . '' 
 `` ah . '' 
 his smile stunned her wits . 
 `` but you would n't wish me to be any other way . 
 now , go out to the ballroom and wait for me . '' 
 tossing a skeptical glance over her shoulder , julienne exited the alcove and moved down the hallway to the ballroom . 
 within moments , lucien was bowing over her hand . 
 she glanced at hugh , who scowled . 
 `` do you wish to dance with him ? '' 
 he asked , giving her the choice . 
 `` yes , '' she breathed , waiting for his refusal and astonished when he offered a curt nod to lucien . 
 `` how did you do it ? '' 
 she asked as lucien led her to the line of dancers with a sure hand and a confident step . 
 his powerful body moved gracefully , and she found herself eagerly anticipating the upcoming cotillion . 
 `` never mind , '' he said , grinning . 
 `` i believe i 'm in heaven . 
 your taste flavors my sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 mouth , and your scent clings to my nostrils . '' 
 he closed his eyes , breathed deeply , and sighed . 
 julienne blushed . 
 `` you say the most wicked things , lucien . '' 
 he raised a mocking brow . 
 `` you do the most wicked things , my love . 
 underneath that prim-and-proper exterior is a wanton dying to be satisfied . 
 and i am just the repentant rake to doit . '' 
 `` repentant ? '' 
 she arched a brow . 
 `` definitely . '' 
 she glanced around furtively before whispering , `` do you really think so ? '' 
 `` think what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` that i 'm the man to satisfy you ? '' 
 his mouth curved with devilish amusement . 
 `` do you doubt it ? 
 i think i 've proven myself rather well , considering i have n't been able to use all of my endowments . '' 
 his grin widened . 
 `` you do remember what i told you about challenging a man 's virility ? '' 
 `` no , not that . '' 
 her blush deepened . 
 `` i meant the part about my being a wanton . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` you liked that , did you ? '' 
 she blushed . 
 `` it 's a relief to know you find me ... '' `` passionate ? 
 desirable ? 
 interesting ? 
 beautiful ? '' 
 julienne laughed , heedless of the scandalized eyes that watched them cross the dance floor . 
 `` you make me feel like i am all of those things . 
 i thank you for that . '' 
 `` and you make me happy . 
 so it is i who must thank you . '' 
 her eyes dropped shyly . 
 `` julienne . '' 
 she glanced at him . 
 `` i would like to take you on a picnic tomorrow . '' 
 `` montrose would never - '' `` leave him to me . '' 
 julienne narrowed her eyes . 
 `` even if that were true , i 've already agreed to accompany lord fontaine to a literary luncheon tomorrow . '' 
 lucien 's lips tightened grimly . 
 `` the day after , then . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` if you can arrange to garner my brother 's approval , i would love to go on a picnic with you , lucien . '' 
 she knew what he wanted . 
 he wished to say good-bye , and she was touched he wanted to make it a memorable event . 
 he cared for her , perhaps more than he knew , but he would never change , and she would never ask him to . 
 eventually he would resent her for the marital restrictions imposed on his lifestyle . 
 no matter how much he desired her , desire alone would never be enough to bridge the gulf between them . 
 however , she refused to think about that now . 
 instead she threw herself into the dance and allowed lucien remington , notorious libertine , to sweep her away . 
 for this moment at least , she could pretend all of her dreams had come true . 
 chapter ten he was very handsome . 
 julienne acknowledged that fact for the hundredth time as she studied lord fontaine furtively beneath her lashes . 
 and quite charming . 
 she glanced around the long table where they sat in lady busby 's london residence . 
 most of the other women in the room were eyeing him covetously . 
 but julienne could dredge up no pleasure in the day . 
 all she desired was to be enjoying a picnic with lucien . 
 `` is the food not to your taste , lady julienne ? '' 
 fontaine asked solicitously . 
 she smiled . 
 `` everything is wonderful . 
 i 'm just not very hungry . '' 
 she glanced at his plate . 
 `` liar , '' he teased . 
 `` you want a bite of my scone . '' 
 he broke off a piece with his long , elegant fingers , swiped some softened butter on it with a knife , and brought it to her mouth . 
 she parted her lips automatically , and he popped the morsel inside . 
 she blushed , knowing everyone at the table had duly noted the intimate gesture . 
 `` i sense a scandalous side to you , my lord . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` does that disturb you ? '' 
 `` you know it does n't , or you would n't indulge me with it . '' '' ' 
 t is one of the reasons why i like you so well , julienne . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` there is something i wish to discuss with you , but now is not the appropriate time . 
 perhaps tomorrow i could take you for a drive in the park ? '' 
 julienne knew exactly what he wished to discuss with her , and she knew what her answer would be . 
 but first she had one more opportunity to spend time with lucien . 
 `` i 'm afraid i must decline . 
 i have plans tomorrow . '' 
 she saw the troubled frown and sought to allay his concern . 
 `` but the following day would be lovely . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` of course . 
 i look forward to it . '' 
 hours later , julienne returned to montrose hall , determined to spend the evening at home so she would be fresh and alert for her picnic with lucien . 
 she had so much to say to him , so many things she wanted him to know , before they said good-bye . 
 she ordered tea brought to her in the family parlor and made her way upstairs with the afternoon 's post . 
 julienne sorted through the pile halfheartedly , until she came to a missive that caught her eye . 
 delicate pink parchment , scented of roses and bearing a rose seal , stood out from the others . 
 julienne opened it curiously . 
 `` good grief , '' she breathed when she realized who the sender was . 
 and then she tucked into the letter with gusto . 
 she 'd jilted him ! 
 lucien stomped back down the steps of montrose hall in a fine temper . 
 he still could n't believe it . 
 he 'd never been jilted in his life . 
 `` something came up , '' julienne had written in her far-too-brief apology . 
 if that `` something '' turned out to be fontaine , there would be the devil to pay . 
 returning to his phaeton , lucien cursed at the sight of the massive picnic basket strapped to the back . 
 he 'd never in his life been on a picnic . 
 his staff had been sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 forced to run out and buy the things necessary to put one together , including the basket itself . 
 even with his foul mood , he was n't about to allow the fine feast remington 's chef had put together go to waste . 
 he 'd visit his mother and take her out for the afternoon . 
 she would enjoy the surprise . 
 it was n't long before lucien was climbing the steps of his mother 's townhouse . 
 heading toward the pink parlor , he scowled when he heard his mother 's laughter inside . 
 damnation , she had guests . 
 perhaps she would n't be available for a picnic either . 
 the thought made his mood even more disagreeable . 
 he opened the door and then stood frozen on the threshold . 
 `` what the devil are you doing in my mother 's house ? '' 
 he barked . 
 three heads-his mother 's , the duke 's , and julienne 's - swung toward him in surprise . 
 he was somewhat pacified by julienne 's radiant smile . 
 `` i was invited , of course , '' she replied . 
 his grace stood . 
 `` afternoon , son . 
 was n't expecting to see you until this evening at your club , but i 'm pleased all the same . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' grumbled amanda . 
 `` run along now , lucien , and allow me to speak to lady julienne . '' 
 lucien crossed his arms and glowered . 
 `` if i leave , julienne is coming with me . 
 today was my day with her , promised to me for a picnic . '' 
 `` you whine like a petulant child , '' his mother scolded as she attempted to shoo him out of the room . 
 `` you have no notion of the trouble that went into preparing that damn picnic , '' he argued . 
 `` and now it 's sitting outside , on the back of my phaeton , getting cold . '' 
 he held out his hand . 
 `` come along , julienne . '' 
 amanda glared at her son . 
 `` she 's not going anywhere . 
 she came to see me , and she 's been here only a few minutes . '' 
 `` she has no business being here . 
 we had plans . '' 
 julienne rose from the settee with her customary grace , and lucien 's eyes became riveted to her . 
 the epitome of the tow 's esteemed social perfection , she was nevertheless completely at home in his mother 's parlor , and he adored her for that . 
 dressed in a scarlet riding habit , she was stunning , with her glorious hair piled atop her head and her lush lips curved in a placating smile . 
 as she stepped closer , her scent enveloped him , and his entire body hardened , as it always did around her . 
 she reached out a hand and stroked his tense upper arm . 
 `` i 'm sorry i ruined your plans for the day . 
 perhaps we can still go and take your parents with us . '' 
 at the slight touch of her hand , he lost his control and gripped her elbows , pulling her closer . 
 he bent over her , lowering his voice so he would n't be overheard . 
 `` i wanted you all to myself . 
 i looked forward to it . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` my maid is here . 
 she would have come on the picnic , too . '' 
 `` i might have been able to tolerate her , '' he muttered . 
 `` but my mother will hang on every word . '' 
 `` what could you possibly have to say that would shock your parents ? '' 
 his mouth dropped to her ear . 
 `` how about how ravishing you look in that riding habit ? 
 i want to ravish you right out of it . 
 i 'm sporting an impressive cockstand , julienne , just from looking at you . 
 i want to take you somewhere , lift up your skirts , and lick you until you scream . 
 i want to put my fingers inside you and - '' `` g-good h-heavens , '' she sputtered , fanning her face with her hands . 
 `` incorrigible rogue . '' 
 julienne stared at lucien remington and saw the wicked glint in his eyes . 
 she narrowed her own . 
 two could play his game . 
 her mouth curved in a seductive smile , and she ran her tongue along her bottom lip . 
 `` and while your hands are under my skirts , my wicked lucien , i would have my hands down your trousers stroking that magnificent cock . 
 you would be so enamored with the feel of my hands , you would lie back and allow me to have my way with you . 
 i could take you into my mouth and suck you . 
 hard , the way you love it . 
 my - '' `` damnation ! '' 
 lucien backed away from her as if she had burned him , the crest of his cheekbones flushed with desire . 
 julienne grinned and turned to face his parents . 
 `` would you care to join us for a picnic , madam remington ? 
 your grace ? '' 
 amanda smiled . 
 `` my goodness , the heat that comes off you two could start a blaze . '' 
 she flushed . 
 lucien was right . 
 she was becoming a wanton . 
 `` do n't be embarrassed , dear , '' amanda said with a grin . 
 `` i 'm aware lucien proposed to you . 
 he would n't have done so if you were indifferent to one another . '' '' 
 marriage ? '' 
 barked the duke . 
 `` does no one tell me anything ? '' 
 `` she refused him , '' amanda explained . 
 `` i should think so , '' magnus grumbled . 
 `` fontaine is an excellent catch . '' 
 julienne blinked . 
 `` lucien is a wonderful catch as well . 
 any woman would be lucky to have him . '' 
 `` then why wo n't you ? '' 
 the duke challenged . 
 `` yes , julienne , '' purred lucien behind her . 
 she spun to face him and found him leaning against the door jamb , with his arms crossed . 
 `` why wo n't you ? '' 
 `` you know very well why ! '' 
 `` i do n't , '' amanda said . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 julienne lifted her chin . 
 `` he wants me for all the wrong reasons , and when he tires of me , he intends to dally as he pleases . '' 
 `` hell and damnation , son . '' 
 his grace roared with laughter . 
 `` never tell a woman that before the vows are spoken . '' 
 `` glass ! '' 
 amanda cried , placing her hands on her hips . 
 `` i 'm ashamed of both of you . '' 
 `` she 'd allow fontaine to chase skirts , '' lucien said defensively , `` but not me . 
 it 's not fair . '' 
 `` that 's different , '' returned amanda and julienne in unison . 
 `` indeed ? '' 
 lucien said with a quirk of his brow . 
 `` indeed ? '' 
 joined the duke as he walked over to his son . 
 `` explain yourselves . '' 
 the two almost identical men faced their women with identical arched brows . 
 amanda rolled her eyes . 
 `` men are so dense . '' 
 she pierced magnus with a steely stare . 
 `` would i allow you to dally , glass ? '' 
 his face colored . 
 `` hell , amanda . 
 you 'd probably unman me . '' 
 `` and why is that ? '' 
 she asked . 
 julienne saw where the conversation was headed and rounded the settee . 
 `` this is entirely unnecessary . 
 we were discussing a picnic and - '' `` hush , julienne , '' lucien ordered . 
 `` i intend to hear this . '' 
 `` because you love me , of course , '' the duke of glasser said , with a proud tilt to his chin . 
 `` and you 're damned possessive . '' 
 `` there you have it ! '' 
 amanda gave a triumphant nod . 
 `` and you would n't take another woman regardless , because you love me in return . '' 
 lucien stood immobile by the parlor doors . 
 `` are you saying , mother , that julienne wo n't marry me because she loves me ? '' 
 amanda shook her head . 
 `` what i 'm saying is , lady julienne wo n't marry you because you do n't love her . 
 or if you do , you wo n't admit it . '' 
 `` and you believe fontaine loves her ? '' 
 he choked out . 
 `` lucien , it 's not fontaine 's feelings that matter . '' 
 his mother rolled her eyes . 
 `` you may be a genius with money , but when it comes to women , you 're positively dense . '' 
 julienne had quite enough of this conversation . 
 `` thank you very much for your hospitality , madam remington , but i 'm afraid i must depart now . '' 
 `` like hell . '' 
 lucien blocked the doorway . 
 `` you promised me a picnic , and we 're damn well having one . '' 
 `` i 'm not dressed to go out , '' amanda complained . 
 `` then we 'll have it here . '' 
 he craned his neck into the hallway and yelled for the butler . 
 when the servant appeared , lucien sent the man to retrieve the basket . 
 then he looked at julienne again . 
 `` i 'm not feeling well , '' she said hoarsely . 
 lucien approached her with a soft smile . 
 `` lovesick ? '' 
 her stricken gaze met his . 
 `` to hell with you , you conceited man . '' 
 `` i 'm already there , sweet . 
 i 've been there since i met you . '' 
 `` if i 'm such a source of misery for you , why do you seek me out ? '' 
 `` you are not the source , my love . 
 my own foolishness is . '' 
 her throat tight , julienne whispered , `` cease calling me that . 
 we both know it 's not true . '' 
 with gentle fingers , he tucked a stray curl behind her ear , then cupped her cheek . 
 he brushed away an errant tear with his thumb . 
 lowering his head , he pressed his lips gently to hers , paying no heed to his parents behind him . 
 `` lucien , your parents ... '' she whispered , her face flaming with embarrassment . 
 `` do n't mind us , '' amanda called out . 
 `` just pretend we 're not here . '' 
 julienne 's mouth twitched . 
 she rather liked lucien 's parents . 
 `` what do you want from me , lucien ? '' 
 `` a chance , '' he said softly . 
 `` keep fontaine at bay until the end of the season . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` do you love me , julienne ? '' 
 `` lucien ... '' she breathed , dismayed that he 'd asked her so bluntly . 
 `` you ask for too much . '' 
 `` i ask for time to win you . '' 
 his velvety voice curled around her , low and seductive in its promise . 
 `` if marriage to me is something you 'd never consider , then say so , and i wo n't pursue you any further . 
 but if the possibility exists that you would consent to be mine , i want you to give me that chance . '' 
 she pulled back and searched his face . 
 `` you 're serious . '' 
 `` i am , '' he agreed , with a tender smile . 
 `` would you marry me if i could change ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'm not certain we could be happy together . 
 not for the duration of our lives . '' 
 `` and you believe fontaine can make you happy ? 
 how could he , when you are in love with me ? '' 
 julienne shrugged as tears gathered in her eyes . 
 `` i did n't choose to feel this way sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 about you , lucien . 
 this situation would be so much easier if i did n't care . '' 
 `` do n't cry , '' he said gruffly , tugging her closer . 
 `` i realize i 'm asking for too much . 
 you would have to relinquish the life you know and begin anew with me , a social pariah . 
 but i 'm obscenely wealthy and the handsomest man in all of england - '' `` good grief ! 
 you remember that ? '' 
 she blushed . 
 `` how could i forget ? '' 
 lucien rubbed her bottom lip with his thumb . 
 `` how about a lifetime in my bed ? 
 i can promise to love your body to distraction at every possible opportunity . 
 i can give you the kind of happiness you never knew existed . 
 i can buy you things you never thought to have . 
 i can make your life so pleasant that perhaps the condemning opinion of others will hurt you less . '' 
 and julienne knew if lucien remington set his mind to making her happy , he would do everything possible to ensure that she was . 
 `` it certainly sounds appealing , '' she agreed breathlessly , her heart warming at the picture he presented . 
 a lifetime with him . 
 it would n't be easy , but perhaps it could be worth it . 
 if he loved her . 
 `` the picnic is ready , '' amanda said cheerfully . 
 they turned to find the furniture moved aside to create a large space in the center of the room . 
 in the middle lay the picnic blanket and all of the food . 
 the next couple of hours were some of the most enjoyable lucien could ever remember spending . 
 his father and mother told bawdy stories from some of their infamous parties , and julienne was obviously both scandalized and fascinated by the tales . 
 the food was wonderful , as he 'd known it would be , and the company delightful , surrounded as he was by the people who meant the most to him . 
 he was extremely disappointed when it came time for julienne to bid farewell . 
 lucien escorted her to her mount and watched her until she rode out of sight , sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 accompanied by her maid and two of his mother 's groomsmen . 
 when he reentered the parlor , he saw his parents , arms around each other , looking out the window . 
 amanda turned her head to look at him . 
 `` we really like her , lucien . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` everyone does . '' 
 she walked over to her escritoire and returned with a letter . 
 `` look at her acceptance of my invitation to tea . 
 so gracious and sweet . 
 the king could not have received a more respectful response . '' 
 lucien glanced down at the missive and nodded . 
 `` she has a way of making people feel worthy . '' 
 `` she adores you . 
 she 's too innocent to hide it . '' 
 his grin widened . 
 `` she 's looked at me in that fashion since the moment i laid eyes on her . '' 
 he ran a hand through his hair . 
 `` and i 've been a complete idiot where she 's concerned from the very beginning . 
 i 've said and done things i deeply regret . '' 
 `` you 're in love , son , '' commiserated magnus . 
 `` it makes fools of all men . '' 
 you 're in love . 
 `` i 'm not - '' lucien began , and then he fell silent , frowning . 
 his father arched a brow . 
 his mother smiled . 
 damn it , was he in love ? 
 a man would know if such a thing happened to him , would n't he ? 
 but ... perhaps ... perhaps what he felt was n't lust at all . 
 though that had to be part of it , or maybe it was because of it . 
 who could tell ? 
 he certainly could n't - he 'd never been in love before . 
 still , love would explain his odd behavior-his strange and unaccountable anger , sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 his jealousy , and his inability to be aroused by any other woman . 
 love could be the reason why he thought of her all the time , why he missed her unbearably , why he dreamed of her every night . 
 he loved lady julienne la coeur . 
 lucien 's hand gripped the back of a nearby chair for support . 
 `` goodness , glass , '' his mother scolded as she took in his condition . 
 `` you have no tact . 
 you do n't just thrust a revelation like that on someone . 
 ca n't you see lucien 's in shock ? '' 
 `` how in hell can a man not know when he 's in love ? '' 
 magnus complained . 
 amanda shook her head . 
 lucien laughed , an odd , slightly wondering chuckle . 
 `` i do love her , '' he breathed . 
 `` all these weeks of torture , and we could have been together . '' 
 `` why do n't you simply tell her how you feel ? '' 
 amanda asked . 
 `` i will . '' 
 he firmed his resolve . 
 `` and i 'll prove it to her . '' 
 `` you do n't have a lot of time , '' magnus pointed out . 
 `` fontaine is champing at the bit . '' 
 lucien grit his teeth . 
 `` i know . 
 but julienne promised me she would keep him waiting until the end of the season . '' 
 `` that 's only a few weeks away , '' his mother reminded . 
 `` you must n't lose her , lucien . 
 you 'll regret it forever . '' 
 `` do n't worry , mother . '' 
 he had n't achieved his success through good fortune . 
 he 'd worked hard for it , and he would work hard for julienne . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 chapter eleven `` you must be bored stiff . '' 
 julienne looked up from her book and hid a smile . 
 curled up in a settee in lucien 's office , she watched him surreptitiously while he worked . 
 `` what gave you that impression ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he was in the middle of purchasing a mill , which would be the cornerstone of several new ventures , and the acquisition was taking up all of his time . 
 she had n't seen him in two days and finally decided to simply show up unannounced at remington 's . 
 by bringing her abigail with her , she 'd deflected any suspicion on aunt eugenia and hugh 's parts , and she 'd snuck in through the kitchens to avoid being seen . 
 lucien came for her immediately , dispatching her maid for a tour of the establishment before taking julienne to his office . 
 she had insisted he work , apologizing profusely for disturbing him , despite his assurances that her interruption was welcome . 
 `` you 're too quiet , '' he said . 
 `` and i 'm certain you did n't come here to watch me work . '' 
 lucien had removed his jacket and rolled up his shirtsleeves . 
 something about his casualness and absorption in his task made her hot . 
 the sight of his bare forearms and strong hands made her ache . 
 the way he muttered over contracts filled her with contentment . 
 after years of watching hugh struggle with money , she admired lucien 's easy handling of it . 
 a `` domesticated pirate '' is what fontaine had called him . 
 julienne agreed and found it thrilling . 
 `` i quite enjoy watching you work , '' she murmured . 
 `` is that so ? '' 
 lucien grinned and set aside his quill . 
 `` i quite enjoy having you here . 
 i was n't certain i could accomplish much with you so close at hand , but actually i find your presence quite stimulating . '' 
 `` that 's because you 're a scoundrel . '' 
 leaning back in his chair , he asked , `` how are things progressing with fontaine ? '' 
 julienne shrugged . 
 `` yesterday he took me to the royal academy of art . 
 he wishes to ask montrose permission to pay his addresses and asked if i was open to his interest . '' 
 lucien stiffened . 
 not yet . 
 `` what did you say , my love ? '' 
 she picked restlessly at her skirt . 
 `` i asked him if he loved me . '' 
 lucien swallowed hard . 
 `` and how did he reply ? '' 
 `` he believes he can grow to love me , given the time . '' 
 `` did you tell him you would accept his suit ? '' 
 julienne met his gaze with a reproving frown . 
 `` you know i would not be here with you if i had . 
 i asked him to wait until the end of the season , as you and i discussed . '' 
 `` he must have been curious as to your reasons . '' 
 `` of course . 
 i told him there was the possibility that someone i cared for could grow to love me as well , and i wanted to allow the other man sufficient opportunity to do so . '' 
 `` bloody hell , '' lucien muttered , with a rueful laugh . 
 `` i 've always loved your honesty , but for christ 's sake , did you have to be so blunt with him ? 
 no man sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 wants to hear he 's running in second place . '' 
 he grinned suddenly . 
 `` but finding out he 's first is very pleasant . '' 
 `` i told him he should n't settle for anything less than love either . 
 he admired my honesty and agreed to respect my wishes . '' 
 she bit her bottom lip . 
 `` he did say he would put up a fight . '' 
 lucien was tempted to reveal his feelings , but feared julienne would think he was only trying to outmaneuver fontaine . 
 so instead he rose from his desk and locked the door . 
 he moved to sit beside her and took her hands in his . 
 `` sweetheart , any man would fight for you . 
 i intend to fight for you . '' 
 she gave him an arch look . 
 `` it 's extremely disheartening to know that the two men who wish to marry me find falling in love with me such a chore . '' 
 `` sometimes it takes a man a while to realize he 's found what he did n't even know he was looking for . '' 
 `` ha , '' she scoffed . 
 `` pretty it up all you like . 
 it will not change the cold , hard facts . '' 
 lucien pulled her hand to his throbbing erection . 
 `` it 's definitely hard , love . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` but it 's not cold . '' 
 julienne 's eyes widened just before she laughed with delight . 
 `` lucien remington , you are without a doubt the most lascivious man i have ever met . '' 
 he pressed his lips to her throat . 
 `` that 's partly your fault . 
 you tempt me constantly , and it 's been a while since i last found any relief . '' 
 `` shall i relieve you , darling ? '' 
 she asked in a breathless whisper . 
 `` i would love to . '' 
 she gave his c * ck a firm squeeze . 
 `` jesus . '' 
 lucien buried his face in her neck with a tortured groan . 
 `` you are perfect for me . 
 surely you see that . '' 
 `` i 'm not the one you have to convince . '' 
 she placed her hands against his chest and pressed him backward , crawling over him with a playful glint in her dark eyes . 
 `` but allow me to give you some added things to consider . '' 
 `` such as ? '' 
 `` such as how the sight of you at your desk makes my heart race . '' 
 he arched a brow . 
 `` and the way you look with your shirtsleeves rolled up . '' 
 she licked her bottom lip . 
 `` why , it inspires positively carnal feelings in me . '' 
 `` carnal feelings ? '' 
 his eyes widened , even as his c * ck swelled further . 
 lord above , how he loved this woman . 
 `` yes . '' 
 cool fingertips brushed his hair back from his face . 
 `` and your hair . 
 i just love it . 
 it 's thick and soft like spun silk . '' 
 just as she stretched her body along his , someone tried the knob and then knocked on the door . 
 `` mr. remington ? '' 
 `` go away ! '' 
 he growled , `` if you 'd like to remain employed . '' 
 lucien raised his head to capture julienne 's lips , slipping his tongue between them to taste her sweetness . 
 there was a weighted pause . 
 `` yes , sir , but lord fontaine respectfully requests a moment of your time . '' 
 julienne slid off of him in an instant . 
 lucien glanced at the door and saw the dark outline of his secretary through the oval-shaped watered glass . 
 `` good heavens ! 
 what does he want ? '' 
 she glanced down at him . 
 `` and what horrid timing . '' 
 `` fontaine is a damned nuisance , '' he complained . 
 `` hush , or he 'll hear you . '' 
 she bent over and picked up her book . 
 before she sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 could turn away , he grabbed her wrist and drew her to him , kissing her with deep possessiveness . 
 `` umm ... mr. remington ... sir ? '' 
 inquired the secretary hesitantly . 
 `` give me one damned bloody minute ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 `` of course , sir , '' came the obviously shaken voice . 
 `` what a horrid temper you have , lucien remington , '' julienne teased as she opened the hidden panel in the wall . 
 she stopped before she made her way upstairs . 
 `` you know , one of these days i would like to see your home . 
 your taste is excellent , i would wager it 's one of the finest in london . '' 
 lucien ran a hand through his hair to restore some order to the disheveled locks . 
 `` marry me , and my home will be yours . '' 
 he gestured around him . 
 `` everything i have can be yours . '' 
 `` it 's your heart i want . '' 
 she blew him a kiss before she shut the panel behind her . 
 taking a deep breath , lucien unlocked the door and returned to his desk . 
 the flushed secretary came in bearing fontaine 's card , and a moment later returned with lord fontaine . 
 as the marquess entered , lucien reluctantly admitted that the peer was a formidable opponent for julienne 's hand . 
 fontaine radiated aristocratic privilege from every pore . 
 tall , with the light-footed grace of a predatory cat , he had an austere , golden beauty . 
 dressed in light taupe trousers , with matching striped silk waistcoat and brown jacket , he was an impressive sight . 
 fontaine settled into a chair and glanced around lucien 's office . 
 `` impressive , mr. remington . '' 
 `` what can i do for you , my lord ? 
 i was '' - he paused a moment in delicious remembrance - `` wrapped up in something important . '' 
 `` so i gathered , '' the marquess drawled , with caustic amusement . 
 `` i shall get to the point straight away . '' 
 `` i wish you would . '' 
 fontaine crossed his ankle over his knee , settling into the chair with casual arrogance . 
 `` i 'm here to pay lord montrose 's debt to your club . '' 
 lucien kept his face impassive as he rose and went to the sideboard . 
 `` care for a brandy ? '' 
 `` thank you , '' fontaine said . 
 `` i would . '' 
 lucien poured two rations . 
 `` did montrose send you ? '' 
 fontaine took the offered snifter before answering . 
 `` no , but i will have to settle the debt eventually . 
 i would rather see to it now . '' 
 lucien resumed his seat and spun his snifter slowly between his hands . 
 `` it is not your responsibility . '' 
 `` you 've never quibbled before , remington . 
 i have it on good authority that you will take a payment on a debt from anyone . '' 
 fontaine 's voice turned derisive . 
 `` just so long as you get paid . '' 
 lucien tilted his head slightly in acknowledgment . 
 he was n't a fool . 
 money was money , and he never turned it down , especially when it was his own being returned to him . 
 `` this situation is different . 
 i 've already made arrangements with montrose . 
 your assistance is not required , nor is it welcome . '' 
 fontaine 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` why are you so eager to hold his debt ? '' 
 `` why are you so eager to pay it ? '' 
 `` i 'm marrying his sister , lady julienne . 
 i want montrose 's finances to be in order so julienne feels free to marry without worrying about her brother 's affairs . '' 
 `` ah , '' lucien murmured , with a tight smile . 
 `` shall we be honest ? 
 you hope to sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 marry lady julienne , and you wish to pay off montrose 's debt so she feels obligated to marry you . '' 
 fontaine stiffened the instant before he downed his brandy in one swallow . 
 he set his empty glass on the edge of lucien 's desk . 
 `` you are the other gentleman she referred to , are you not ? '' 
 `` i am . '' 
 `` are you attempting to buy a highborn bride with a gentleman 's debt ? '' 
 `` i 'm not buying anything . 
 i have no hold on julienne other than her affection for me . '' 
 the marquess snorted . 
 `` if you had any care for her at all , you would want her to marry someone of her station . 
 her feelings for you will ruin her life , and you know it . '' 
 `` spare me your aristocratic entitlement , '' lucien bit out . 
 `` i can give her everything you can except for your blasted title . 
 i can assure you , my love for her will more than make up for that . '' 
 fontaine 's crossed ankle began to flex rhythmically in agitation . 
 `` well , well . 
 i have always acknowledged your excellent taste , remington . 
 i see it extends to all areas of your life . 
 but you fail to see that with my title come privileges like social acceptance and respect . 
 doors will slam shut in her face if she weds you . 
 will your love be enough to soothe her pride when that happens ? '' 
 `` will your title soothe her loneliness when you 're warming another woman 's bed ? '' 
 he retorted . 
 fontaine flushed . 
 the two men eyed each other carefully before fontaine spoke . 
 `` i 'll make taking her away from me as difficult as possible , remington . '' 
 `` i would expect nothing less . 
 but do n't forget , lady julienne is a very intelligent woman . 
 she will decide what is best for her without any help from either of us . '' 
 lucien gestured toward the door . 
 `` i think we 're done here . '' 
 fontaine stood . 
 `` she deserves to be a marchioness , with all the power that comes with that station . '' 
 `` she deserves to be loved . 
 good day , my lord . '' 
 `` good day , remington . '' 
 lucien released a deep breath as soon as the door closed behind his nemesis . 
 his entire body was taut with the primitive instinct to protect what was his . 
 julienne was his . 
 she loved him . 
 and at this very moment , she waited for him upstairs . 
 he wanted to go to her and claim her in the most basic way possible . 
 to brand her as his so that no other man could ever have her . 
 with a sudden ferocious movement , lucien pushed away from his desk and strode to the door . 
 `` i 'll be unavailable for the rest of the day , '' he informed his secretary , then he closed the portal and took the hidden hallway to his suite of rooms upstairs . 
 as he entered the sapphire room , most of his tension fled . 
 julienne was there , in his element . 
 a small fire lit the chamber . 
 although it was n't cold , it added a cheery atmosphere and bathed her in a soft glow . 
 he wanted this welcoming scene greeting him every day for the rest of his life . 
 he wanted to take her to his home , to make love to her in his bed , to wake up with the scent of her on his skin and her hair spread across his chest . 
 his very soul ached for her . 
 `` the colors of this room suit you , '' she said softly , her gaze soft and adoring , just as it always was when she looked at him . 
 `` your beautiful eyes glow . '' 
 his mouth curved in a warm smile . 
 `` that 's because i 'm looking at you . '' 
 her answering smile was fleeting . 
 `` what did lord fontaine want ? '' 
 `` he wanted to pay off your brother 's debt . 
 when i refused his money , he guessed my involvement with you . '' 
 julienne took a deep breath . 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` do n't worry . 
 he still wants you . '' 
 `` i 'm not worried , '' she denied , and then she dropped her head . 
 `` well , perhaps that 's not entirely true . 
 he 's been kind . 
 i think , had i not met you first , i would have been content to spend my life at his side . 
 it 's not his fault my affections are engaged elsewhere . '' 
 lucien leaned against the door jamb and crossed his arms . 
 `` i want to pay off all of your brother 's markers . 
 no strings attached . '' 
 `` beg your pardon ? '' 
 `` i want you to decide between fontaine and me with your heart , not with your brother 's welfare in mind . 
 i 'll have my solicitor draw up documents stating all the debts are paid , regardless of which one of us you wed. '' his voice lowered and throbbed with emotion . 
 `` i would give up everything i have , julienne , to give you a choice . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 julienne rose from her chair . 
 `` i do n't want you to do that . 
 it is n't money that will decide my mind . '' 
 lucien remained by the door with the greatest of effort . 
 `` if i told you i loved you , would you believe me ? '' 
 `` lucien ... '' `` have n't you wondered why your brother has allowed me to see you ? '' 
 `` well , yes ... '' `` extortion . '' 
 julienne blinked . 
 `` he owes me a great deal of money . 
 i leveraged it against him to get what i want - time with you . '' 
 she sank back into the chair . 
 `` i warned you i was n't honorable , my love . 
 i told you i was n't a gentleman . 
 i 'll do whatever it takes to win you . 
 anything at all . 
 i have no scruples or morals to hold me back . '' 
 lucien watched her closely . 
 `` now , if i told you i love you , would you believe me ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' she breathed . 
 `` but i want to . '' 
 she held out a hand to him , and that was all the encouragement he needed . 
 he reached her in two strides and pulled her into his arms . 
 heat swirled around them , as did endless hunger . 
 he would never have enough of her , would always crave her . 
 `` i need you , julienne . '' 
 her fingers entwined in his hair . 
 `` i 'm here , my love . '' 
 `` not just now . 
 forever . '' 
 his mouth traveled down her neck . 
 `` you are mine . 
 you belong to me . 
 i wo n't allow fontaine to have you . '' 
 he tugged at her bodice , releasing her br ** sts , then laved her n ** ples until she clawed at his back . 
 `` marry me , '' he urged against her breast . 
 `` love me , '' she countered breathlessly . 
 `` sweetheart , '' lucien said , smiling , `` i already do . '' 
 chapter twelve lucien watched hugh la coeur pace behind his desk in montrose hall . 
 unlike his own spacious and airy office , montrose 's study was paneled in dark walnut , with parquet floors covered in aubusson rugs . 
 with red drapes so dark in color as to be almost black , the room was oppressive and forbidding , nothing like the jovial , irresponsible man who owned it . 
 leaning back a little farther in his chair , lucien released his breath in a quiet rush . 
 unfortunately , this meeting was going exactly as he had anticipated . 
 `` you 're daft ! '' 
 hugh cried . 
 `` you can not marry julienne . 
 it 's just not done , i tell you ! '' 
 `` i realize that , '' lucien replied calmly . 
 `` then why are you here ? '' 
 with endless patience , he repeated his request . 
 `` to ask for her hand and discuss the settlements with you . 
 i am prepared to be generous . '' 
 hugh shook his head . 
 `` damnation ! 
 you ca n't purchase a bride . '' 
 `` for god 's sake , '' lucien muttered in exasperation . 
 `` i am not attempting to buy julienne . '' 
 montrose leaned over the desk , his palms flat on the surface . 
 `` why my sister ? 
 why not one of the other debutantes out this season ? '' 
 `` my lord , you are under the false impression that i merely wish to acquire a sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 wife . 
 one of the benefits of being untitled is that i have no need to wed. . 
 i am not required to sire heirs to carry on a family name . '' 
 `` then why are you here , damn it ? '' 
 lucien did n't have time for this . 
 `` we 've already established why i 'm here . 
 now here is the proposed settlement . '' 
 he tossed the thick legal contract onto the desk . 
 hugh picked it up and flipped through it , his eyes widening . 
 `` you keep julienne 's dowry , but i manage it for you . 
 i will make investments as i deem appropriate for the next six months , after which i will turn the balance over to you . 
 i 've opened an account in your sister 's name , and i 've deposited funds equal to her dowry for her own personal use . 
 she will also receive an allowance , the amount of which is detailed in the agreement . '' 
 hugh found the number and paled . 
 `` good god , this is extraordinary . 
 you must be rich as croesus . '' 
 `` you will meet with me in my office every tuesday and thursday morning for the next six months . 
 i 'm going to teach you about money , montrose . 
 how to make it , and how to keep it . '' 
 `` preposterous , '' hugh cried in outrage . 
 `` i can not - '' `` hold your tongue , '' lucien ordered , in a tone that brooked no refusal . 
 `` your blasted pride got you into this mess . 
 i 'll bail you out this one time , montrose . 
 i 've already paid all of your creditors . 
 but i shall have a wife now and , god willing , children . 
 i wo n't waste their inheritance on you . 
 you will learn the skills i can teach you . '' 
 lucien watched the young earl flush with embarrassment and relented , slightly . 
 `` you were only ten when you came into your title . 
 i do n't blame you for feeling overwhelmed . 
 but i wo n't allow your irresponsibility to continue . 
 it 's time to grow up . '' 
 hugh dropped into his chair , the hand holding the agreement falling carelessly sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 into his lap . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 he asked , his expression dazed . 
 `` i thought that would be obvious . 
 i 'm madly in love with julienne . 
 you must take care of yourself so she can cease worrying about you and concentrate on me . '' 
 montrose sighed . 
 `` have you already paid your addresses to her ? '' 
 `` i have . '' 
 `` does she return your affections ? '' 
 lucien nodded , his heart still light with wonder . 
 `` by some undeserved blessing , she does . '' 
 his voice softened . 
 `` i promise to care for her . 
 she 'll never want for anything . 
 i 'll adore her and cherish her until the end of my days . '' 
 `` you 'll have to . 
 she 'll have nothing else . 
 i will love her regardless , but society ... '' hugh took a fortifying breath . 
 `` congratulations are in order then , remington . '' 
 lucien tilted his head in acknowledgment . 
 inside he sighed with relief as the earl of montrose reached for his quill . 
 julienne waited in the master bedroom of lucien 's sumptuous mansion in mayfair . 
 they had stayed only an hour at the small wedding celebration , both of them eager to return to their own home and spend long-awaited time alone . 
 the carriage ride had been spent sharing loving kisses and plans for their future . 
 she smiled in remembrance . 
 who would have guessed the heart inside the rake could be so tender ? 
 and their home ... lord , it was every bit as elegant and opulent as she had expected it to be . 
 she was now mistress of this beautiful residence , and she took great delight in anticipating receiving callers here . 
 despite lucien 's misgivings , julienne was hopeful that they would not be the sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 social outcasts he expected they would be . 
 some very prominent guests had attended their wedding , including the marquess of fontaine , the duke of glasser , and lucien 's brother , charles , the marquess of haverston . 
 fontaine had promised to call on them and to urge his sister and her friends to do the same . 
 julienne 's godmother , lady canlow , intended to gather together polite society 's most powerful matrons to put their efforts toward making them acceptable . 
 it would n't be easy , and a positive outcome could never be guaranteed , but they would try . 
 and if their efforts did n't meet their aspirations , julienne truly did n't care that much . 
 lucien loved her . 
 that was all that mattered . 
 she 'd never wanted a boring existence anyway , and life with her domesticated pirate would be anything but . 
 the bedroom door opened . 
 she watched as her husband walked in and turned the key , locking out the world at large . 
 he leaned against the door with a smile . 
 `` you 're nak * d. '' she pointed toward the end of the bed . 
 `` it seemed pointless to wear that . '' 
 lucien looked at the filmy night rail slung over the back of a chair . 
 he grinned and looked back at her . 
 `` are you nervous ? '' 
 `` no , '' she denied , a little too quickly . 
 `` well , i am . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` you are ? '' 
 `` of course i am . 
 you 're the last woman i 'll ever make love to , and you 're a virgin . 
 what if i bungle the first time , and you never want me to touch you again ? '' 
 he shuddered in horror at the thought . 
 julienne 's mouth hung open for a moment , and then she fell over laughing . 
 `` oh , heavens , lucien . 
 that 's ridiculous . '' 
 she saw the heartbreaking tenderness in his gaze , which was all the more poignant blended with the devilish curve of his smile . 
 `` feel better now ? '' 
 he asked gently . 
 and then she understood . 
 `` you were teasing me , '' she accused without heat , her heart racing madly that this resplendently wicked man was now hers . 
 forever . 
 `` relaxing you a bit , '' he corrected . 
 `` you looked tense when i came in . '' 
 lucien strolled toward the bed , untying his cravat . 
 the rest of his clothing was hastily discarded . 
 then he was pressing her into the bed , his body hard and beautifully built . 
 `` we must set some ground rules here , my lady . '' 
 his kissed the tip of her nose . 
 `` first of all , i do all of the touching . '' 
 he covered her protest with his hand . 
 `` i 've needed you too long ; i wo n't last if you touch me . 
 for the rest of our lives , you can touch me all you want , whenever you want , but not this first time . '' 
 he waited until she nodded her acquiesce and then removed his hand , sliding it downward between her br ** sts , before letting it come to rest on her hip . 
 `` second , it may be painful . 
 you 're very small , and i 'm fairly large . '' 
 he bit back a smile at her choked laugh . 
 `` but i 'll pleasure you , my love . 
 i promise you that . '' 
 `` i know you will , '' she said , loving him even more for his reverent approach to her first time . 
 `` and last but not least , i love you , my wife . '' 
 he rested his forehead against hers . 
 `` with every fiber of my being , i adore you . 
 i intend to cherish you and worship you forever . '' 
 he brushed kisses against her mouth . 
 slow , sweet kisses that skillfully stoked her ardor . 
 `` i thank you for becoming my wife . '' 
 `` oh , lucien , '' she sighed , and tugged his mouth back down to hers . 
 with a chastising murmur lucien disengaged her hands from behind his neck and laced their fingers together . 
 he concentrated long moments on exploring her sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 mouth , his kisses lazy and drugging , until she writhed against him , begging for his touch . 
 `` please ... '' he smiled , and her heart stopped . 
 his mouth moved to the slim column of her throat , licking and nipping the sensitive skin . 
 he began to undulate his body against hers , slow , sinuous movements of his powerful frame , awakening every nerve , making her moan with the torment . 
 lucien made love to her with his mouth , with his hands , with the gentle friction of his body , murmuring praise and encouragement so sweet she wanted to cry . 
 `` these , my love , are perfection . '' 
 he lavished long licks of his tongue across her n ** ples and then blew on them , grinning as they puckered . 
 `` there is no greater pleasure than having these in my mouth . '' 
 bending his head , he suckled her , the rhythmic tugging pulling at places deep inside , driving her to madness . 
 she began to writhe , yanking at his hands , needing to touch him . 
 burning , aching , her skin was too hot ... too tight ... `` darling , '' she pleaded . 
 but he would n't cease , would n't release her . 
 julienne could feel the pull of his mouth everywhere , the sensation making her squirm as her arousal pooled between her legs . 
 she begged him to hurry , desperate to hold him , kiss him , but lucien paid her no heed as his mouth teased across her stomach with wet , openmouthed kisses . 
 moving lower , he spread her thighs wide with the broad expanse of his shoulders . 
 she moaned in relief as his tongue finally delved between her legs . 
 `` yes , '' she cried hoarsely , her h * ps lifting , pressing into his mouth , as her nails dug into the backs of his hands . 
 `` you taste so sweet , '' he murmured passionately , before he thrust his tongue into sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 her , groaning his pleasure . 
 julienne moved with him , arching and twisting . 
 he worked urgently , building her desire quickly , brutally , until finally she felt the first clenches of her orgasm . 
 her back arched , her body tensed ... lucien pulled away quickly . 
 `` damn you ! '' 
 she cried , her eyes squeezed shut as her body trembled with the force of her need . 
 he laughed softly . 
 `` now is that any way to speak to your husband ? '' 
 she opened her eyes as he covered her with his body . 
 `` i need you badly , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'll die if you do n't take me . '' 
 her entire body shuddered , poised on the brink of release and denied . 
 `` i love you , '' he breathed . 
 and then he was there , the hot tip of him just inside her , stretching her , warning her of what was to come . 
 julienne opened her legs wide , her h * ps arching impatiently , and without further ado he thrust inside , deep and deeper still , until there was no farther he could go . 
 then he clenched his buttocks and went farther still , filling her , until there was no doubt she belonged to him . 
 her breath held in wonder , she felt little of the pain she expected . 
 she merely felt full and hot , her skin covered in a fine sheen of perspiration , her body throbbing around the hard c * ck that filled her . 
 sweat dripped from his brow onto her br ** sts . 
 lucien clenched his teeth as he pulled out , despite her protests , and pressed forward again . 
 he rocked his h * ps against her thighs , slowly working in and out , loosening her . 
 `` jesus , julienne , '' he gasped . 
 `` you feel so good ... '' she shifted slightly , trying to get more comfortable , and he cursed . 
 startled , she stilled , and he positioned her as he wanted , lifting her leg , opening her , and then he withdrew , only to return with a powerful lunge that made her cry out . 
 there was no more gentleness after that ; lucien simply was n't capable of it . 
 as he pounded into her , pinning her h * ps when she struggled beneath him , julienne realized why he 'd taken such care to arouse her . 
 he 'd known , as only an expert lover could , that he would not be able to coddle her through this . 
 he needed her too desperately , had reined in his appetites for too long . 
 moaning , sobbing , she could only follow his lead , holding still for his pleasure as he stroked his c * ck deeply within her , almost animalistic in his frenzy . 
 and it felt so good , she thought she would die of it . 
 `` you 're mine , '' lucien growled , and he gloried in the knowledge . 
 from the moment he 'd first seen her , he 'd wanted her just like this . 
 beneath him , filled with him , completely his in every way . 
 he plunged into her , gritting his teeth at the overwhelming pleasure of it . 
 she was so hot , so tight , writhing beneath him , mewling , and sobbing his name in a way that made it impossible to slow down or show her a moment 's consideration . 
 but she was n't frightened or timid . 
 not his sweet julienne . 
 her h * ps met him thrust for thrust , her cream so plentiful his c * ck was bathed in it , scalded by it . 
 `` that 's it , '' he encouraged , in a voice he barely recognized as his own . 
 he thrust faster , harder , until he was pistoning into her , shoving her up the bed . 
 and then she tensed , her back bowing beneath him , her cunt gripping him so tightly it slowed his fevered pace . 
 her eyes flew open and locked with his . 
 `` i love you ! '' 
 she gasped , and then she came , her orgasm milking his cock , luring his seed , until he spilled into her , flooding her , branding her in a way far more primitive than the ring she wore . 
 he threw back his head and growled her name , certain he had never felt such joy in his life . 
 when he could move again , lucien rolled , taking his wife with him , draping her limp , sated form over his body . 
 his hands stroked her back , stilling her sylvia day - bad boys ahoy ! 
 trembling . 
 he murmured his love , his longing , told her all the things he 'd never thought he 'd have the opportunity to say . 
 how he loved the smell of her hair and the beauty of her smiles . 
 how he 'd dreamed of her and wanted her with a soul-deep desire . 
 how he 'd give her the world , because she gave up the one she knew to be with him ... `` darling ? '' 
 her voice was a breathless whisper that made his c * ck swell , the sound of a woman well-pleasured . 
 lucien smiled at her endearment , pure contentment pumping through his veins . 
 had he almost given this up ? 
 he thought of the infernal list of marriage prospects and acknowledged what a fool he was . 
 thank god , julienne had never given up on him . 
 `` yes , my love ? '' 
 he was hard again , the sensual heat of her body over his making him lustful . 
 but julienne was likely sore and tired . 
 he could wait . 
 she belonged to him now . 
 he had a lifetime ahead with her . 
 a lifetime to love her . 
 she raised her head from his chest , and her mouth curved seductively . 
 `` you 're so sweet , my love , with your beautiful words . 
 i would never have guessed you could be so romantic . '' 
 her hand brushed his sweat-dampened hair away from his forehead . 
 `` but if you do n't mind , could you tell me how much you love me later , and just show me instead ? '' 
 with a delighted laugh , lucien did not hesitate to oblige her . 
