 they were at his place , and he was fixing her a drink . 
 she looked round at the living room with interest . 
 the whole art deco thing was really cool ; this was no bachelor pad but a real , lived-in kind of home , with lots of room and a calming atmosphere . 
 so why was n't she calm ? 
 `` thank you , '' she said when he handed her the cocktail . 
 she took a hasty gulp , and then had to cough , forcing off the nerves . 
 but then he sat right next to her , and her calm nosedived once again . 
 he 'd taken off his jacket and was now in his blue dress shirt , unbuttoned at the column of his throat . 
 `` nervous ? '' 
 he asked softly almost in her ear , as one arm was slung behind her over the top of the couch . 
 she paused before answering his question . 
 `` i 'm ... not sure . 
 should i be ? '' 
 `` you 're in my lair , zara . 
 maybe you 're right to be a little jumpy . 
 you never know what may happen . '' 
 his words were slightly teasing , a mere drawl , but the factuality in them caused a thumping to start in her chest . 
 she felt him take her glass from her now stiff fingers , placing it next to his on a nearby coffee table . 
 despite what he 'd said , she did n't feel even the least bit threatened . 
 he was the most dangerously handsome , irresistible man she 'd ever met , and she could understand why her body yearned for him . 
 true , zara had felt passion and desire before . 
 but never like this . 
 no man had ever overtaken her senses so much that just with his voice ; he brewed a sense of longing deep within her feminine core . 
 this longing swirled between her thighs like a molten pot , slickening her secret places with anticipation . 
 she felt his breath linger sensuously on the back of her neck . 
 one hand lay casually across the back of the couch , the other on his lap , so he was n't touching her in any way . 
 except with his lips , which now trailed the length of her nape . 
 this first act of intimacy was electrifying ; it made her acutely aware of him even more than before . 
 his maleness , his firm yet appealing persona , made her acknowledge that he was the man , and she the woman . 
 in many ways , she longed for him to show her the essence of this distinction . 
 `` the things i want to do to you , '' he said huskily , teasing the tiny hairs on her skin with his stirring voice , '' ... and the things i want you to do to me ... '' she heard him draw in a ragged breath , then he added , `` i will have you , zara . 
 i will make you mine , completely . 
 it 's something i 've always imagined , and wanted . 
 needed with a passion that blots out everything else . 
 even now with you so close , inhaling your delicious scent , has got me rock hard . 
 do you have any idea what if feels like to want someone so bad ? '' 
 zara 's senses were reeling from the sensations created by his words , his nearness . 
 `` i think i do , '' she breathed , or more like gasped , since she was hardly capable of taking in any air . 
 his words shocked and thrilled her . 
 she sat quite still ; savoring the feel of his lips pressing on her sensitive skin with those hard , warm kisses . 
 oh , she definitely had an idea of what he meant . 
 she 'd felt it from the very first day she 'd seen him . 
 even then she knew he 'd have the power to take away her very individuality . 
 deep down inside , she knew she 'd be ready to do whatever he asked . 
 that was why she 'd concealed her feelings so much in the past . 
 that was why she 'd acted the prim and proper secretary , never even letting herself hope . 
 because she was afraid of what would happen if she gave in totally to her own desires . 
 `` zara . 
 look at me . '' 
 his soft words made her blink , and she finally turned to face him for the first time since he 'd taken his place so close to her . 
 she drew in a breath at the glinting heat in his eyes , jolted by the knowledge of just how close they were seated . 
 she could see the dark flecks in his blue eyes , the tiny pores on his smooth skin , and the defined shape of his lips . 
 she could n't seem to tear her eyes from them as he continued speaking . 
 `` i 'd like to tell myself that you 're as on fire for me as i am for you , '' he teased , lifting a hand to stroke through her straight blonde hair . 
 `` that if i probe you now , beneath your panties , i will find you soaking wet . 
 and i have n't even kissed or properly touched you yet . '' 
 zara squeezed her thighs together as if worried he might actually start with his `` probing '' . 
 he seemed to be smiling now , almost like he could read her thoughts . 
 `` i will have to find out later . 
 right now though , i want to discover just how good you are at taking orders . 
 i know in the office you 're quite at ease letting me know i 'm the boss . 
 tonight , however ... i want the same obedience but in a very different way . '' 
 `` chase ... '' `` ssh , '' he said softly , placing a finger on her lips , and she pursed up . 
 from her head to her toes , she was tingling , filled with the dreadful desire to please him , and frightened of the prospect of failing him in any way . 
 he went on speaking in that light , soft tone . 
 `` you will call me sir . '' 
 his eyes held hers compellingly , and she almost forgot to breathe as his words sank into her brain . 
 `` zara ... i liked it when you first started at your job , and you were always in a flurry around me . 
 it took weeks to make you feel at ease in my presence , to even speak my name . 
 and for tonight , i want you to go back to being that same sweet and shy miss. . 
 zara page , who blushed when i so much as spoke to her . 
 i want you to obey my every command , no matter what . 
 and never complain , no matter what . 
 do you think you can do that ? '' 
 zara gulped , not even thinking first before replying . 
 `` yes . 
 sir . '' 
 `` good girl , '' he all but sighed , before leaning back . 
 his hand was still in her hair , stroking at her roots , his touch soothing . 
 but then he withdrew that too , right before telling her quietly to take off her clothes . 
 a day earlier ... zara thought it was great to see both her bosses in such a good mood . 
 working as their executive legal secretary for the past six months had made her start to look upon their triumphs as her own . 
 `` we did it , chase , '' matt boomed to his partner as all three of them made their way out of the courthouse and into the bright noonday sun . 
 `` well , losing was never an option , '' chase replied . 
 zara fought not to roll her eyes . 
 the arrogant , very self-assured chase morgan had of course predicted their victory months ago . 
 `` exactly , '' matt said in his deep , almost growling tone . 
 `` and with a team like ours , success is a foregone conclusion - am i right , zara ? '' 
 his relentless smug face had a wide grin as he wrapped a cheerful arm around her shoulders . 
 `` we certainly could n't have pulled it off without you . '' 
 zara could n't hold back a good-natured huff , though she felt flushed with pleasure . 
 matt added , `` i 'm serious . 
 your hard work and dedication in the past few months went a long way to get us to the finish line . '' 
 `` matt 's right , '' chase replied , his own voice smoother , richer , and more stirring . 
 zara had to force herself to meet his piercing dark green eyes . 
 `` for a legal secretary fresh out of business school , you did a great job . '' 
 these mildly-spoken words of praise did more to her insides than zara would like to admit - even to herself . 
 for goodness sake , she was n't a dim-witted teen ! 
 one would think that after six months , she 'd be over her chase morgan crush . 
 pathetically , such was not the case . 
 not that anyone could blame her . 
 in fact , zara was sure that some , especially women , would even sympathize . 
 chase morgan was , after all , sinfully handsome . 
 a little above six feet tall , he had the lithe , solid build of an athlete , which was always snugly fitted in expensive , designer suits . 
 he had raven black hair , a square-cut face and emerald eyes that were fringed by enviously thick , dark lashes . 
 he was one of the most successful young lawyers in the city , and he and matt had been running their own thriving law firm for years . 
 matt was just as good a lawyer , but perhaps not so lethally attractive . 
 he was more the big , burly type , with floppy brown hair and a charismatic smile . 
 he 'd made zara feel at ease from the first day , and he was a great boss , too . 
 she finally smiled at them both , maintaining the same poise which had got her through six hapless months of mooning and fantasizing over chase . 
 `` thanks for the accolades , kind sirs , '' she said lightly , `` i sure hope it comes with a raise . '' 
 the two men laughed , and matt replied , `` well , you certainly deserve one . 
 we will take care of first thing next week . '' 
 and then , he turned to his partner . 
 `` in fact , i have an idea . 
 why do n't we celebrate together ? 
 we ca n't let this monumental feat go unsung . 
 i propose dinner , tomorrow evening , at tom lanke 's . '' 
 `` sounds perfect , '' chase said with a nod . 
 `` i 'm free tomorrow . '' 
 `` zara ? '' 
 matt questioned , turning his brown-eyed gaze on her . 
 zara hesitated . 
 tom lanke was the most upscale restaurant in town . 
 michelin-starred , classy , very pricey ... overall , not a place she popped in everyday for a bite . 
 she was already panicking as she wondered if she even had anything suitable to wear . 
 `` i. . . 
 well , okay , '' she mumbled at last , clutching her leather fold-all to her chest and seeing the hours of dreadful expectation stretching ahead till the dinner date . 
 * * * zara was n't sure what to make of their expressions when she arrived at the restaurant that fateful evening . 
 the blend of amazement and admiration she saw , finally assured her that her choice of outfit and general appearance had not been a miss . 
 whether it was a `` hit '' still remained to be seen ... `` hello , matt , chase , '' she said breezily , a smile on her lips as she looked at them in turns . 
 she clutched tighter on her purse when her eyes held chase 's and caught the intense look on his face . 
 she could swear that his eyes were blazing over her snugly clothed , generously curved frame . 
 it was almost like he was actually seeing her for the first time . 
 fighting to maintain her trusty poise , she quirked a teasing brow at both men , who stood there staring . 
 `` zara , you look ravishing , '' matt exclaimed cheerfully as they all took their seats at last . 
 `` we almost did n't recognize you . '' 
 `` yes ... quite a transformation , '' chase said in agreement . 
 `` at last we see what ms. page has been hiding beneath those severe suits of hers . '' 
 as he spoke , she could feel his gaze lingering for a moment on her full , firm bust sheathed in its low-necked bodice . 
 she wondered if her outfit was n't , literally , too over the top ? 
 her usually well-bound double d-cup br ** sts were virtually spilling from their restraints , and the deep hint of cl ** vage was sure to catch attention from her male dinner companions . 
 there was at least one particular man 's interest she hoped to spark that evening ... okay , she 'd admitted it . 
 all this was for chase . 
 her fancy outfit , her makeup , her hair - she 'd spent the whole day sprucing up just to shed her schoolmarm secretary image and show what she felt was her more appealing , feminine side . 
 if this did n't get chase to notice her , she figured , then nothing ever will . 
 `` well , '' she said with a playful smile at them , `` considering how upscale this restaurant is , i felt that wearing jeans or a tracksuit would sort of ... lower the ambiance . 
 besides , you both look far from rough yourselves . '' 
 the truth , of course , was that she only had eyes for chase . 
 he was magnetic , as usual , and as impeccably dressed as he always was . 
 sharp , fashionably snug jacket and a blue dress shirt , the colors adding more vibrancy to his tanned skin and dark , wavy hair . 
 everything about him looked just right ; she just hoped she 'd be able to tamp down her awareness of him enough to get some food down her belly . 
 in time , they got down to ordering their five-course meal . 
 at first zara felt somewhat overwhelmed by the variety of choices on the menu , and was glad when chase made some recommendations regarding the appetizer and main courses . 
 the server was on hand to give note of the restaurants top dishes , and in the end zara felt sure she 'd do okay with her choice of lobster and later , lamb . 
 she felt certain she 'd be unable to taste a thing . 
 the wine pairing , the atmosphere , and the perfectly dimmed lighting , was all superb . 
 zara could n't help feeling impressed with course after course . 
 contrary to what she 'd privately feared , she did manage several mouthfuls of the delicious food , and the conversation at table was going well , too . 
 now , outside of the office , both of her bosses had eased up somewhat , and they chatted on topics about everything but work . 
 as always , zara felt that matt 's presence diffused somewhat the inner tension she always felt around chase . 
 you are very attracted to him , that goes without saying . 
 every day , you wonder how it would feel to be kissed by those firm yet inviting looking lips of his . 
 and every night , you fantasize having his nice , large hands smoothing tenderly over your nak * d body , thrilling you , driving you insane ... it was her inner voice again , telling zara things she did n't want to acknowledge . 
 to want him , to feel her heart begin to pound whenever he was near ... to get that strange twitching between her thighs when he looked her way - that was bad enough . 
 but to also have him totally unaware of her except as a secretary , made it even worse . 
 was it so very bad of her to wish for something far , far more ? 
 * * * halfway through the third course , matt 's cell phone suddenly beeped . 
 he glanced at the new text , and then looked up at his two companions . 
 `` it 's demi . 
 looks like i have to cut out of the party a little early , guys , sorry . 
 i told her to reach me if there was any emergency . '' 
 demi was his fiancee , and zara had met her several times at the law office . 
 she was petite and very pretty , but beneath her doll-like exterior , zara knew the woman was a tough-as-nails doctor who handled her patients with an iron hand . 
 chase 's eyebrows rose . 
 `` i hope she 's okay ? '' 
 matt lifted his bulky shoulders in another shrug . 
 `` i guess she could n't bear the thought of me having so much fun without her , '' he joked . 
 `` no , seriously , she caught some kind of bug today and she says she 's feeling worse . 
 i have to go check on her at her place - hope you guys do n't mind ? '' 
 `` forget all about us , '' chase told him briskly . 
 `` we 'll be fine . 
 go take care of your girl and give best wishes to demi . '' 
 `` mine , too , '' zara said sincerely . 
 when matt was gone , zara faced chase somewhat shyly , her spoon fiddling between her fingers as she searched her brain for something to say . 
 now that they were alone - sort of , she was realizing that light conversation was not going to be so easy . 
 if only he would train those disturbing gaze somewhere else but on her , was her breathless wish . 
 `` it 's a shame matt had to leave so unexpectedly , is n't it ? 
 poor demi , i hope she feels better soon , '' she said on a rush , now clutching her glass and lifting it to take a quick , bracing sip of the heady wine . 
 `` oh , i do n't know , '' chase murmured , also taking a drink of his wine and viewing her over the rim with hooded eyes . 
 `` i kind of like the idea of finally having you all to myself . '' 
 zara tried not to appear surprised , wondering if she was n't imagining that dark twinkle in his eye . 
 oh heavens , was chase morgan actually flirting with her ? 
 play it cool , warned her ever-present inner voice , and she joked , `` well , they do say three 's a crowd . '' 
 `` and that would make us a couple , would n't it ? '' 
 he returned smoothly , his smile downright wolfish . 
 it was really happening , zara thought - he was flirting . 
 calming the flutter in her chest , she reminded herself what a folly it would be to actually pursue that notion . 
 had n't she warned herself from the first day she 'd started the job , that chase morgan was way out of her reach ? 
 what made the difference now ? 
 `` as much a couple as a boss and his employee can be , '' was her wry rejoinder , as if to bring things back into perspective . 
 no point deluding herself . 
 `` why do i feel like you 've put me effectively in my place ? '' 
 he asked , his expression speculative even as his smile widened . 
 `` but then again , i always make it the rule to leave work at the office . 
 so right now , all we have here is a man having a very nice dinner in a romantic setting with a very alluring and beautiful young woman . '' 
 she placed her hand on her chest dramatically , even as she gasped , `` really chase , you overwhelm me . 
 and there i was thinking you did n't even know i existed . '' 
 `` really , '' he murmured , his smile slanted . 
 `` how can you say that ? 
 i 'm the one who hired you , do n't you remember ? 
 i mean , sure , you were the brightest and had the best application , but that was n't the only reason you made the cut six months ago . '' 
 he leaned forward , eyes darkening as he viewed her surprised expression . 
 `` i always knew that there was something about you , zara . 
 i just was n't sure you were ever going to let it out . 
 tonight ... i 'm seeing a glimpse of that woman i was certain lurked beneath all those layers of frumpy clothes . '' 
 `` frumpy ? '' 
 she echoed , somewhat indignantly , even though his soft , stirring words had made her skin tingle . 
 `` zara , trust me , i knew what you were up to . 
 did you really think dressing like a spinsterish schoolteacher was going to get me off your scent ? 
 if you knew how many times i wanted to throw you flat on your back on my desk , spread your legs wide and ... '' zara choked on the glass of wine she 'd grabbed , sure her face was burning . 
 `` chase ! '' 
 she hissed , glancing around at the nearby tables . 
 luckily , there was a positive hum of voices from the crowded restaurant , so she figured their steamy conversation was n't being broadcast to the whole room . 
 chase sat back with a shrug . 
 `` but then again , i would n't want to take advantage of you ... '' `` maybe ... you should be worried about me taking advantage of you , '' she said quite calmly , considering how her chest was slamming like a sledgehammer . 
 their eyes held in a silent duel for a few moments . 
 `` and why would matt want to act so protective ? 
 i can take care of myself . 
 i 'm a big girl . 
 fully grown . '' 
 when chase 's eyes raked over her this time , it was with a decidedly feral glint . 
 very predatory and hard to ignore . 
 zara squeezed her knees together and tried not to squirm in her seat . 
 `` oh yes , i 'm quite aware how fully grown you are , zara . 
 in fact , the thought of how much of you there is to claim , if i so desire , has been keeping me awake for many , many nights . 
 you 're fabulous , zara ... every sexy , curvy inch of you . '' 
 zara gulped . 
 well , she was never going to be a size zero , and no kind of dieting seemed to work for her , but she 'd always felt she had a nice , curvy figure . 
 knowing that he found her plus size attractive , made her feel all the more light-headed . 
 all this time , he 'd had the very same thoughts as she had . 
 carnal , animal desires just waiting to burst free ... she could hardly breathe at the very idea of the possibilities , which now lay ahead . 
 `` thank you , chase , '' she said at last , her voice somewhat scratchy . 
 `` i think you 're pretty awesome , too . 
 i mean , i 've always liked you as a boss , and then of course i - '' she paused , not sure how much more she wanted to divulge . 
 she desired him tremendously , but a part of her still held back , wanted to be sure . 
 chase leaned forward , and this time , his hand covered hers on the white table cloth . 
 `` i know , '' he said deeply , simply . 
 and somehow , she felt that he understood . 
 `` like i said , zara , i always knew you had ... potential . 
 there was however , always one tiny setback , which made me wonder , will she ever let go ? 
 can she completely trust me to bring out the real woman inside ? '' 
 `` i do trust you , chase , '' she said quickly , the touch of his hand warm and very thrilling over hers . 
 this was their first real , close contact , and it felt good . 
 she liked his touch . 
 it held promise , and strength . 
 yes , she felt stronger by the minute just knowing now where she stood with him . 
 his passion , his desire , was real . 
 his smile of triumph spread slowly on his handsome face , and she sucked in a breath . 
 just what was she swinging herself into ? 
 `` then you 'll have to come with me , '' he said softly , his fingers tightening around hers . 
 `` right now . 
 will you ? '' 
 zara did n't even blink . 
 `` yes , '' she said with a tight throat . 
 it was to be the first of many times she would be agreeing to chase 's requests . 
 and demands ... * * * i want you to obey my every command , no matter what . 
 these words snapped zara back to the present . 
 he 'd said them just minutes ago , and now she was getting her first test . 
 his casual request for her to take off her clothes had instantly changed the game - and suddenly she knew this was very , very real . 
 chase morgan was going to soon change from her boss , to her lover . 
 she just had to make this one move to do his first bidding ... * * * she had to rise to her feet in order to be able to work zipper of her dress , which was on the side , underneath her arm . 
 only the wobbling of her knees made her realize just what the present situation was starting to do to her . 
 if last week , someone had told her she would be in her boss 's home , undressing in front of his watchful gaze , she 'd have laughed it off uproariously . 
 the shaky knees were gradually getting worse . 
 she could barely stand , her whole body quivering as chase watched her every move , his gaze unbroken . 
 tugging her dress over her head , she kicked her shoes off her feet . 
 stripping in front of chase , her boss , was like the hardest thing to be asked to do . 
 but she did it willingly , and with more than a surge of secret delight . 
 she stood before him in just her bra and panties , and not much else . 
 his eyes blazed to see her in her silky lingerie , but there was not much else of a reaction from him . 
 however , there appeared to be a pulse beating just at his mouth , as if he was clenching his teeth . 
 zara could n't be sure . 
 maybe it was just her now fevered imagination . 
 he was waiting patiently , not speaking , so she figured she must n't stop . 
 she would have to take it all off . 
 he did n't prevent her when she reached behind to unhook her bra , freeing her double ds . 
 they were quite firm for their size , the n ** ples centered and high-profiled . 
 she was very proud of them , actually , and they held up nicely even without their support . 
 `` do n't stop now , '' he said , his voice somewhat thicker now . 
 `` you have to finish unwrapping the present , sweetheart . '' 
 zara felt warmed by his fixed gaze , his voice . 
 so long as he kept talking to her , she felt she could go on , and not chicken out . 
 she 'd never really been in this situation before , being dispassionately controlled and regarded by a soon-to-be lover . 
 but certainly , it had been something she had always secretly craved : a man she would find had the strength of will , the firmness of character , to make her obey him without question . 
 * * * at last , she hooked her fingers in her panties and then pushed them down slowly ; guiding them past her full hips , her knees , and then let them drop to her ankles . 
 then she stepped out of them , kicked them aside . 
 `` everything i imagined , and more , '' she heard him say in that desire-draped voice . 
 `` you 're a very desirable , very beautiful woman , zara . 
 i want you to tell yourself that all the time , because it 's true . 
 wherever you are , whatever you may be doing from now on , keep it at the back of your mind that you have the body that 's voluptuous enough , delightful enough , to make me want to f ** k you every time i look at you . '' 
 `` thank you - sir , '' she breathed , chest heaving as she let his words glide over her like a feathery breeze . 
 she felt it touch her shoulders , her n ** ples , her vag ** al mound . 
 it was a palpable essence , which swelled within her and made her throb in her most secret places . 
 how could he arouse her so deeply , just by looking and speaking to her so deliberately ? 
 she was slowly beginning to understand his power . 
 `` come here zara . '' 
 he beckoned for her to join him once again , and she went quickly , glad to take the weight off her shaky legs . 
 watching him admire her had made her even weaker with want . 
 knowing that he desired her as a woman was like a weapon that could easily be her undoing . 
 the one last thing that had kept her in check all these months was her belief that she was n't his type , or that she could never hope to catch his fancy . 
 she 'd been afraid of being shattered with rejection . 
 but now , with those words he 'd spoken just moments ago , her last shred of fear was gone . 
 however , on the flip side , it also meant she may never have the power to resist him ever again . 
 whenever and whatever he wanted of her , she would give , and freely . 
 * * * they shared their first kiss . 
 it was very natural , heated , and filled with abandon . 
 he 'd taken her face in his hands and turned it to his , capturing her lips with a moist tenderness . 
 a moan echoed between them , and she could n't tell who 'd made the sound first - her or him . 
 the only thing she knew was that the touch of his lips pierced right through her . 
 the slash of his tongue deep into her willing mouth was an invasion she welcomed gladly . 
 she clutched at his shirt , and whimpered . 
 moments later , he drew back , his breathing ragged . 
 she opened her eyes to find his look hooded with a fresh intent . 
 his hand on the back on her head seemed to be guiding downwards . 
 his next words explained further . 
 `` take out my cock , '' he said , and now he sounded more like himself , now in control . 
 `` i want it inside that sweet , hot mouth of yours . '' 
 constantly conscious that she was completely nak * d while he was still fully dressed , zara as yet felt no self-consciousness ; for now her mind felt taken over by the task at hand . 
 once more , he was making her do something new to her . 
 she was the passive type of woman , very responsive in bed at the best of times , but content to let her lover take the lead . 
 yet there was something more intense about this scenario . 
 it felt different in so many ways . 
 she already longed to touch him , was virtually salivating to get his c * ck freed , to take it in her hands and mouth . 
 every slight action made her aware of her tautening br ** sts , the tips now hard , pink pebbles . 
 it ached that he had n't touched her more intimately ; his hands were on either side of the couch as he settled back while she unzipped his fly . 
 carefully , she ran her fingers over the telltale ridge beneath his briefs . 
 then , she drew down the elastic band , grasping the shaft and pulling it out into view . 
 she could n't help a slight gasp . 
 in her hands , his c * ck reared proud and erect , the thick , two-toned length impressive in so many ways . 
 having his hot flesh throbbing within her ready palms was the hottest turn on she 'd ever experienced . 
 for some moments she could only stare at it , as if to memorize every distinguishing aspect . 
 the helmet tip looked like it had been carved in marble ; it was stretched so smoothly and shaped distinctively . 
 the length of his c * ck was crisscrossed with raised veins which she could feel beneath her fingers . 
 `` your c * ck is so beautiful , '' she half-moaned , shocked by the way her own p ** sy throbbed with almost telepathic response to the sight of the solid , fleshly blood-filled member that seemed to dwarf her own hands . 
 `` are n't you forgetting something ? '' 
 distracted for a moment , she looked up quizzically , not sure what he meant . 
 and suddenly , she remembered . 
 `` i mean , your c * ck is so beautiful , sir . '' 
 he nodded approvingly . 
 `` thank you , zara , for the compliment . 
 now do n't forget next time . 
 it has to be sir every time you address me . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes sir , '' she said , this time without hesitation . 
 he nodded and smiled approvingly . 
 `` no suck on it , honey . 
 wrap those soft , pretty lips around my shaft and pleasure me till i want to explode . '' 
 yes , oh yes , she thought with stomach-twisting delight at having such a magnificently formed c * ck all to herself . 
 she was never much of an expert at this , but something buried deep inside her wanted to use all her imagination and abilities to make this feel as good as it could - for both of them . 
 * * * bending at the waist , she lowered her face to his crotch , her tongue reaching out first to circle the helmet of his shaft , licking on it and twirling the now moistened slit . 
 she brought her mouth closer , and her parted lips had their first touch of his cock , closing around the tip . 
 oh , the bliss of being able to taste a part of him , to savor the warmth and texture of his flesh on her lips and tongue , was indescribable . 
 her fingers stroked worshipfully on his shaft , half-fisting him at the base while her mouth tickled the tip . 
 and then in one motion , she sucked the cap in , taking it past her lips and then immediately pushing her face down so that he was inside her throat as far as it could go . 
 he groaned , and she felt his hands sinking into her hair , caressing softly as he guided her . 
 reveling in his taste , smell and feel , she squeezed her eyes tight and focused on her task . 
 she started sucking on his c * ck with the inside of her throat . 
 her lips were already feeling stretched , and she had n't been able to take more than half of his length in without choking , so she concentrated on the much that she did have in her mouth . 
 she placed her hands against his body for balance as she used just her mouth to pleasure him . 
 he was already taking the clip holding her hair up , letting the shoulder-length blonde strands spill about her face for a moment , before he gathered them up out of the way . 
 for some seconds , she stopped bobbing her head so much , and simply used the walls of her mouth as well as her throat and tongue to nurse his shaft . 
 `` yes ... i like that . 
 feels so damn good , '' he crooned , lacing his fingers into her hair as her tongue twirled around him from the inside . 
 she could feel his tip nudging at the entrance of her throat , almost triggering her gag reflex , but she was careful to keep her air passage clear . 
 well , until he started shoving himself in her mouth . 
 he was face-f ** king her , thrusting his h * ps so that his c * ck slid in and out of her mouth . 
 she loved it . 
 it was so controlling , his hands holding her in place as he ravaged her throat and the insides of her mouth with his thick , long cock . 
 this went on for several minutes , and she tightened her lips around him , then released , then tightened in turns , sucking in his flesh while moans poured from both their throats . 
 it did n't matter that half the time she could hardly breathe , and that her eyes had started to water . 
 she loved his strong hands keeping her head still so that he could use her mouth as he wanted . 
 she 'd never enjoyed sucking a c * ck so much , had always believed the guy had more fun . 
 and yet , she could swear her p ** sy was soaked in and out from having chase 's c * ck shoving past her lips . 
 he 'd taken over , and now she could only make her mouth as receptive and as giving , while his continued to be more and more penetrative and taking . 
 she grazed him lightly with her teeth , never biting . 
 it was absolute bliss , especially when she could tell he was getting pleasured in return . 
 his h * ps were moving faster in rhythm and his breathing got even more ragged . 
 but then he suddenly stopped . 
 `` too close , '' he growled , unexpectedly grasping her hair and pulling her mouth away . 
 she looked up at him wide-eyed , wondering what she 'd done wrong . 
 his passionately glowing eyes , his flared nostrils and raspy breath told her he was far from unmoved . 
 `` that was very , very good zara . 
 but i do n't want to come in your mouth just yet . 
 but , like i said , you brought me close enough . '' 
 after speaking , he pulled her to him , using his hands in her hair to lead her . 
 this time , it was to seize her lips in a deep , moist kiss filled with hot tongue and saliva . 
 it was the sweetest , most thrilling kiss she 'd ever tasted . 
 it felt almost like a reward , and she took all the pleasure it offered . 
 soon though , she felt him leaning in with his weight , and as the kiss deepened , he pushed her slowly on her back . 
 she felt the cushions of the couch give beneath both their bodies . 
 now he was on top , his large frame covering her nak * d , shivery body . 
 having his hard , shirted chest pressed against her exposed br ** sts had them feeling more tingling and aroused than ever . 
 she knew now , that he was going to touch her the way she 'd been wishing for . 
 now that she was spread beneath him , his fingertips began to play all over her . 
 they went on kissing , making her half-distracted from what his hands were busy doing . 
 they were stroking over her br ** sts , treating them to firm grabs and hot squeezes . 
 she moaned against his lips , loving his rough touch . 
 no floweriness here ; no sensitive , rosy caresses . 
 this was a male who knew just what he wanted , and knew all he had to do was reach out and own it . 
 he seized and fondled and took . 
 for the first time , in as long as she could remember , she 'd found a man who knew how to take . 
 it was something her body had longed for in like , forever . 
 in time , he replaced those roving hands with his mouth . 
 he broke from her lips , and slowly kissed his way down her neck to where her large , shapely br ** sts thrust out . 
 cupping them , he lifted one and then the other to his lips . 
 he drew a nipple into his mouth , skillful in turning it into a hard , throbbing nub before long . 
 he swirled it around with his tongue like a fine-tasting wine , making her moan and arch . 
 her hands were gripping his broad shoulders , and then they were reaching up into his silky dark hair . 
 she lost her fingers within the thick locks , her head flinging this way and that as his thorough suckling caused a sensation of bliss to spread out to other parts of her body . 
 everything he did with his mouth and hands drove her crazy - how was that ? 
 it seemed so easy for him to make her most sensitive points respond instantly and powerfully to him . 
 having her br ** sts suckled had never felt so freaking good ; so good in fact , that she could feel the wetness now coating her inner thighs . 
 she blushed to think how much secretions she 'd made . 
 he was going to help her find out sooner than she expected . 
 keeping one hand clamped on her plump breast , he slid the other down her belly to the petal-soft cleft in her mound . 
 he brushed the surface with his fingertips , and she jerked against his hand . 
 she could hear a veritable `` sloshing '' sound as he promptly shoved two fingers inside her . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 she breathed , her inner thighs quivering as the most incredible pleasure shot through her insides . 
 he began to stroke into her with deep , measured thrusts of his fingers , managing to jab just into that hotspot which held the key to her bliss . 
 she had to bite on her tongue to stop from screaming out his name , and forced herself to listen as he began to speak . 
 `` yes ; just as i thought . 
 you 're positively streaming . 
 you liked sucking my cock , did n't you ? 
 it got you so damned wet , '' he growled thickly , lifting his head to lap his tongue along her widely parted mouth . 
 she groaned as he sank his sharp teeth into her soft bottom lip . 
 she could n't deny his words , not when it was so glaring . 
 and it was true ; taking his c * ck in her mouth , and now with him still stroking inside her slick hub , had switched her on like nothing else ever had . 
 the pace of his thrusts grew faster , making her moan loudly . 
 suddenly , he shoved his fingers of his free hand into her mouth , gagging her even as he commanded her to suck on them . 
 she was mindless to disobey , the pleasure rocking through her making her comply to his every wish with eagerness . 
 she sucked on the fingers of his hand while he teased her cl * t with his other thumb , keeping up the steady pace of finger-shafting her p ** sy all the while . 
 there was no way she could last underneath such blissful pleasure . 
 she felt it building up in her lower belly , rising to course through her veins . 
 he was staring into her face , making it hard for her to close her eyes , or hide her pleasure from him . 
 by now she was bucking into his jabbing hand , her lower body writhing as she waited for the explosion to rip her apart . 
 but it did n't happen . 
 without warning , chase withdrew the pressure on her clit , sliding his fingers out of her soaked cunt . 
 zara was gasping in air as he also took his fingers out of her mouth , rising from the chair to look down at her spread nak * d on the couch . 
 her eyes held his in confusion as she forced her whole body to clamber down from the brink . 
 she 'd been so close ... even now , her denied vag ** al walls were contracting in spasms of aftershock at the unexpected withdrawal . 
 zara bit on her lip as she stared up at chase , who had started unbuttoning his shirt . 
 why had he done that ? 
 taking her to the height and then cutting her off without warning ? 
 her whole body trembled at the undeserved punishment . 
 but dared she complain ? 
 certainly not . 
 he 'd already categorically warned her from the start that she must never complain , no matter what . 
 but still , she itched . 
 still , she wanted release . 
 her body cried out for it . 
 she saw him shrug out of his shirt to reveal a sculpted , hairless torso and broad shoulders and chest . 
 without thinking , her fingers were trailing down her belly to the crest of her parted thighs , when she heard the sharp crack of his voice . 
 `` no , '' he snapped , and her hand shot up in reaction , eyes wide as they held his dark , blazing gaze . 
 just seeing the flash of anger in his eyes had her heart tripping over itself in consternation . 
 she clutched the hand to her chest , wondering what she had done wrong ... * * * she waited with bated breath for his next words , her chest pounding wildly . 
 `` now ... no matter what , zara , i do n't want you to touch yourself . 
 ever . 
 the only pleasure you 'll feel tonight will be the one i give you , be it with my lips , my hands , or my cock . 
 if i see your hands near your br ** sts or your p ** sy , you will be punished . 
 i hope you understand . '' 
 `` yes , sir , '' she said , swallowing convulsively as he strode forward . 
 he 'd pulled down his pants and briefs , and taken off his shoes and socks . 
 now , he was magnificent in all his nak * d glory . 
 he had the body of a greek statue , not a trace of fat anywhere . 
 neither did he have the pronounced muscles of a body builder . 
 instead , he was well defined , gorgeously ripped , and golden and smooth all over . 
 to top it off , his majestically erect c * ck sprung from his groin like a separate entity , swaying side by side as he walked . 
 he was the true meaning of `` hung '' and she knew that such an instrument of power was going to give her the utmost gifts of pleasure . 
 she licked her lips reflectively , wondering why any time she looked at his cock , she wanted it in her mouth , or her p ** sy . 
 she just wanted that beautiful thing in her one way or the other . 
 the outside world was forgotten . 
 pushed to the background too , was her other self , the everyday zara . 
 the normal , just a bit quirky , zara . 
 this was a different person waiting breathlessly as chase advanced , coming to stand in front of her . 
 this was a whole new zara , trembling all over with lust for him , willing to do anything he asked just so she could experience all the delights she knew awaited her at his hands . 
 this was the submissive , teachable zara , willing and ready to obey her sir 's commands ... * * * his next command sent a veritable thrill up and down her spine . 
 he quietly asked her to go on her hands and knees , her bottom facing him . 
 she complied with silent , trembling expectation . 
 he placed his hand on her ass cheeks , stroking tenderly . 
 `` how deliciously plump , '' he crooned . 
 `` certainly more than perfect ... for this . '' 
 she did n't expect what he did next , and it made her almost scoot off the floor . 
 it had n't hurt that much , but it had been so unexpected , him spanking her ass like that . 
 his hand had landed with a flat , hot thud , which vibrated through her skin . 
 `` was that nice , zara ? '' 
 he asked quietly when she made no sound . 
 `` did that feel good ? '' 
 she blinked , thinking in surprise that actually , it had . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 it did feel good . '' 
 `` hmm ; that 's not quite right . 
 i meant to punish , not please , '' he mused , right before he spanked her again . 
 the impact was harder , louder . 
 she gasped , her rear smarting from the sharp yet erotic pain of chase 's large hand connecting with her cheeks . 
 she felt them wobble and throb , and she glanced back with stinging eyes . 
 `` now , that surely must have hit the mark , '' he said with satisfaction , seeing the discomfort on her face . 
 and yet , he showed her just how much her body was liking this turn of events , by slipping his fingers past her p ** sy lips , parting them to unveil the juicy moistness within . 
 `` ah , it hit the mark indeed , '' he commented as he withdrew his fingers once again . 
 zara flinched , expecting another whap , but no , his palms were merely lowering to massage her aching skin . 
 she sighed at the soothing caress , only to cry out loud when , without warning , he surged into her p ** sy from behind in one hard , deep thrust . 
 `` tight , wet , and hot ... the perfect mix , '' she heard him murmur thickly , even as her p ** sy seemed to scream at the unexpected invasion . 
 her arms could barely support her as he rammed into her again , and again , almost causing her to shoot forward at the collision . 
 there was no way to describe the way her insides were feeling as chase rocked into her , stretching her walls around him . 
 her head was swimming with the mixed messages of pleasure and pain , her p ** sy growing wetter and wetter like it could n't care less which was which ... his fast , steady rhythm rocked her from the inside out . 
 first , his hands gripped her generous h * ps as he pushed in and out of her , and then they slid upwards to cup her br ** sts . 
 he leaned forward and held the swaying globes in his hands . 
 she loved how he squeezed on them as he f ** ked her , mixing up the sensations . 
 his palms rolled over her n ** ples , grazing them roughly . 
 the next minute , he grabbed the aching nubs between his thumb and forefinger , and began to tweak them mercilessly . 
 she bit on her lower lip with bliss at his touch , even when the tweaking got harder and it felt like he was pinching on her tender nubs . 
 the thrill of having them both so terribly teased was enough to bring a sob to her throat . 
 he pulled on them , hard , and then pinched on them again and again . 
 coupled with the continuous stroking of his c * ck inside her , it was all almost too much to bear at once . 
 she tried not to think of the sensitivity mounting in her br ** sts and n ** ples , wanting to concentrate more on the pleasure of having his hands on her body . 
 she loved it when he fondled her with such strong , almost forceful caresses . 
 and if it pained , it did n't matter . 
 with every passing minute , her threshold for discomfort seemed to widen and lift . 
 so long as that thick , hot c * ck kept f ** king her , she could take just about everything . 
 * * * her p ** sy walls spasmed uncontrollably , and in reaction , so did her sphincter . 
 it was her body 's way of coping with the meaty intrusion of chase 's thick-ridged shaft . 
 her sense of pain and pleasure mingled and roiled , and she was quivering all over . 
 suddenly , he released her br ** sts , straightening as he never broke his pace but kept driving into her while now rubbing her ass cheeks with both hands . 
 to make the penetration feel even more intense , she then felt him begin to stroke the rosebud between her ass cheeks . 
 she could actually feel it winking every time he rocked in and out of her p ** sy . 
 then , without warning , he stuck his thumb into the tight pucker . 
 the sensation was electric . 
 now both her holes were vibrating at the same time ; her vag ** a around his cock , and then her sphincter around his piercing thumb . 
 zara had never had anyone 's finger up her ass . 
 why the hell did it feel so damn good ? 
 and then she remembered she 'd read somewhere that there were several more nerve endings there . 
 she closed her eyes and moaned out loud , her whole brain zoning in on the pleasures he was making her experience all at the same time . 
 he was barely making a sound , but when she listened carefully , she could hear the raspy edge of his breathing . 
 was he enjoying this hot , hard f ** k as much as she was ? 
 because she was on fire , her whole body vibrating every time he stroked in and out of her . 
 he never took his thumb out of her ass , but eased in deeper and deeper , past the knuckle . 
 he teased and massaged deep within , making her gasp like she was running a marathon . 
 `` your ass is as tight and juicy as the rest of you , zara , '' he growled , speaking for the first time in minutes . 
 hearing his voice helped slice through the haze of bliss she was in , and she tried to focus on that instead of the build-up of lust that rose with every hard , deep thrust of his masterful cock . 
 hearing him talk about her ass that way was making her p ** sy drip even more copiously . 
 she was now so wet , his thick , long shaft was able to drive in faster and easier , and yet still , it pained . 
 no matter how slick she was , it did n't do much to alleviate the discomfort of being so tremendously stuffed with his ever-growing cock . 
 just when she thought it could n't get any bigger , his girth seemed to expand , as he grew harder , even more aroused . 
 she knew that if she could at least get to stroke her clit , or even rub on her mound , then the burning sting of his relentless penetration would stop . 
 but she dare n't touch herself , not just for fear of what the punishment would be , but also from the reluctance to disappoint him in anyway . 
 she wanted this to be as perfect for him as it was for her . 
 she was already thinking about how she 'd want this to happen again and again - so she wanted to do all she could to make that a certainty . 
 chase 's pace increased , and she gritted her teeth . 
 it felt like being torn in half by cock . 
 the unheeding thrusts blurred into each other , drawing gasps from her even as she heard him grunt . 
 she wanted to beg , cry out for him to stop , or at least , slow down . 
 and yet , something stopped her . 
 it was the pleasure . 
 the ecstasy of wanting to be pounded hard and deep by something almost monstrous . 
 it was rough , wild , and laced with pain . 
 she loved it . 
 he knew she loved it , and so he slammed even harder . 
 she did n't even have the presence of mind to protest when she felt him take a handful of her hair and twisted it round his wrist . 
 it did n't start to hurt till he tugged hard on it , causing her hair to snag at the roots . 
 unable to help it , she snapped her head back to ease the tingling , and yet still he pulled . 
 now she had no choice but to arch her spine in a bid to ease the sting rising in her scalp . 
 she was bent almost in half , and felt him lean closer so that his lips were close to her cheek . 
 his hot breath fanned her skin , and she shuddered having him so close , hearing him whisper in her ear how supple she was . 
 he told her he was going to be f ** king her all night , that he was going to make her his sweet little plaything - and that she was going to love every second of it . 
 she could only moan and sob in agreement . 
 in this position , with her body twisted up and back , it felt like he was able to slam even deeper into her . 
 was that her cervix he was prodding mercilessly now ? 
 she could n't tell , could n't distinguish between that and the pain from having her hair being used as handle bars , dragging her backwards . 
 not forgetting of course the sensation of his thumb still stuck deep in her unused rim hole . 
 certainly , there was that heedless c * ck sawing her right through the middle , his h * ps angled so that he could shaft into her most sensitive , hard-to-reach spots . 
 it was a sweet , erotic pain altogether , and she could n't imagine any of it ending , or easing up . 
 if he stopped now , it would possibly kill her . 
 on reflex , her hand was smoothing down her belly , almost reaching her navel . 
 her one thought was to ease the raw bite of pleasure-pain causing her inner walls to feel like they were being stretched beyond limits . 
 it felt like a whole tree trunk was being pounded into her . 
 just a flick with her thumb , she knew , would lighten the sweet tension ... the next thing she knew , she heard a sharp `` thwack ! '' 
 he 'd spanked her ! 
 she went rigid , her daze clearing suddenly in response to the hard , aching throb on the surface of her ass . 
 `` i told you , no touching yourself , '' he growled , and smacked her twice more for good measure . 
 her body jerked in reaction , her now stinging bottom joining in with all other physical sensations . 
 the whip of his large , powerful hands laying flat on her delicate skin had brought a new mix of hot anguish to the torment she already suffered . 
 and yet even in the suffering was the insurmountable bliss that could not be denied any longer . 
 her panting and gasping had now taken a singsong tone , rising faster and faster as she felt her orgasm boil to immense proportions . 
 she was there , almost . 
 the room was already beginning to dim around her . 
 she had started to buck and push back in time with his deep shafting , and soon she 'd picked up his rhythm . 
 her spine ached from being bent so steeply , and her knees tingled from being on the ground so long . 
 she was certain he 'd been pounding her p ** sy for more than half an hour , non-stop . 
 his level of self-control was amazing . 
 the combined delights of his meaty c * ck inside her p ** sy , in addition to his balls and h * ps slapping loudly against her lower moans , was enough to send her into orbit . 
 this was her chance : she was going to explode on his c * ck and give in finally to all the heights of pleasure to which he had brought her so far . 
 now , it was time - and she knew without a doubt that it would be volcanic ... * * * `` oh ! '' 
 she cried out in shock , when just then , he chose exactly that moment to pull his pulsating c * ck out of her quivering core . 
 the instant , resulting bereft feeling she got was enough to make her want to shed tears . 
 `` you 're not going to be allowed to come , baby . 
 not yet , '' he told her , his voice gruff . 
 now , she did cry . 
 tears spilled heavily from her eyes . 
 she could feel her now empty p ** sy vibrating convulsively on itself , her whole lower body feeling like it had been put through a grinder . 
 not again ! 
 earlier , he 'd brought her to the brink with his tongue on her br ** sts , while his fingers ravished her p ** sy . 
 she 'd been so close then , too . 
 and now this . 
 she felt the rush subside , felt the sensation of release ebb back into a throbbing , echoing reminder . 
 but the next moment , she almost wept with delight . 
 it was n't over . 
 he was turning her on her back , making her lie on the ground as he pushed her knees wide apart , and then surged into her once more . 
 she gasped , her whole frame jolted by the direct impact . 
 for some reason , his thrust seemed to have driven even deeper than any others previously had . 
 she could n't believed that was possible , but it had to be , considering how her very ribcage seemed to feel the brunt of his cock . 
 `` look at me , zara . 
 i want to see you eyes while i 'm buried deep inside you , '' he ordered , and her shut lids snapped open . 
 she stared helplessly into his face , her lips parting as she drew in as much air as she could . 
 he had her all in the open now ; her knees pulled back so that they pressed on her br ** sts and almost touched her chin . 
 it was a good thing she was flexible , though that did n't do much to ease that ever-present jolt of having such a big c * ck ramming deep inside her . 
 `` i 'm so going to love f ** king you whenever i can , zara , '' he informed her softly , merciless in his jabbing as his h * ps thrust with power and force . 
 she moaned , her whole body trembling as she tensed for each inward pound , and sighed with every pull back . 
 `` and , since your body is so well designed for my pleasure , '' he grunted , `` i 'm going to use if for just that . 
 my pleasure . 
 anywhere - and anytime i want you , you 're going to submit to me . 
 only me . 
 is that right ? '' 
 `` yes , sir . 
 oh , yes . '' 
 `` and you 're going to like it , are n't you ? 
 you 're going to love every minute . '' 
 `` yes , sir , a hundred times yes , '' she replied breathlessly , leaning up on her elbows for support as his whaled her with that rod-like shaft . 
 he was splintering her insides so strongly that she was n't sure when the pain ended and the pleasure began . 
 it was all a blur . 
 he let go of her knees , spreading them wider so he could lean over her with his hands braced on either side of her head . 
 his eyes were boring down deep into hers as he f ** ked her deliberately , powerfully . 
 she gazed up at him with utter submission , her fingers digging into his firm ass , which flexed beneath her palms as he ground into her . 
 this was pleasure like she 'd never known . 
 and it scared her because she knew that after tonight , she might never get enough of it . 
 it was exactly like he 'd said : she would love being taken this way , over and over again . 
 by only him . 
 she 'd want this hard , rough sex , this feral coupling . 
 nothing else would ever be enough . 
 * * * he was plunging with a buffeting rhythm , and it was making her mindless . 
 she was so afraid now that she could come suddenly , before he could stop her - before she could stop herself . 
 for the third time that night , that impossible wildness came over her , made her buck against him and meet him thrust for thrust . 
 she was ready to disintegrate , to implode from her p ** sy inwards . 
 his face was buried against her cheek , and she was all but crushed beneath him as he began to kiss and suck on her neck . 
 then , he informed her softly in her ear that he knew she wanted to come . 
 he told her he wanted it too . 
 but that it had to be exactly when he told her to . 
 zara blinked , trying to figure out how in the world she was going to transmit that information to her p ** sy . 
 it seemed to have a mind of its own , responding only to the call of cock . 
 still he stroked in and out of her , causing the bliss to crescendo past endurance . 
 she was whimpering and writhing beneath him , but his warning eyes could not be ignored . 
 `` zara ... '' his tone made her shiver , but if she had any doubt that he could enforce his command , then she soon had those doubts debunked . 
 he was seizing hold of one of her br ** sts , massaging it for a moment , and then suddenly , landing a slap which sent it swinging . 
 she gasped . 
 he slapped again , across the frontal flesh , making it throb along with her nipple . 
 she moaned , the blow bringing such a delicious swell of moisture to her p ** sy . 
 it stung her to attention , and somehow , she was able to draw her body 's focus away from the amazing pleasure , to the opposite edge of sweet pain . 
 `` so , tell me how much you want to come . '' 
 his words permeated her frenzied state of fighting to stay on the brink without toppling over . 
 she could only sob out her response . 
 `` so much . 
 i need to come so bad . 
 please sir , now . '' 
 `` now ? 
 i wonder who 's in charge here , you or me ? '' 
 `` oh , you , sir . 
 only you . 
 it 's just ... just that i ca n't ... i ca n't take it . 
 it 's too much . 
 sir , please . '' 
 zara was n't ashamed to beg ; in fact she was hoping it would have an effect on her dominant lover . 
 she hoped to reach out to him now that he was hearing her beg for her own relief , knowing it could only truly come from him . 
 only he could give her the utter release she so terrifically longed for . 
 * * * he loved to hear her plead , that became clear . 
 it was part of her discipline , to show her never to forget who really was the boss , in every way . 
 for every pleasure , every ounce of bliss that she received , she was to always tell herself that he was the one allowing it all take place . 
 and now , it looked like at last he would let her find release . 
 she could feel it in his thrusts , which were no less punishing . 
 but still , there was always an edge of sweetness to the ferocity , a slash of sensuality within the kink . 
 he ground his h * ps into her , sending his mushroom cap into corners of her p ** sy that held the trigger to her ecstasy . 
 his rhythm was relentless , fast and hot , and her walls could only grip to him like a suction tube , drawing in every single inch of him balls-deep into her core . 
 `` zara . '' 
 her name had never sounded so sweet coming from another 's lips . 
 she peeled open her eyes to gaze up into his face , seeing the emotions raging there - and knowing they mirrored her own . 
 she was clutching to his waist as his thrusts almost drove her into the ground . 
 there was such intensity in their passion now , and even she could tell that at last , he was getting to the point of no return . 
 he did n't fall through though , not yet . 
 he was waiting for something . 
 `` ready , zara ? '' 
 he asked , his voice gruff as he penetrated her with his eyes . 
 she knew what he meant ; it was a question her body had been waiting to hear for the last hour or more . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 i 'm ready . '' 
 so ready i could combust , she added silently , never taking her gaze from him . 
 he was smiling tenderly , and for the first time she began to notice the tiny beads of perspiration gathering at his forehead , plastering his hair to his scalp . 
 she could almost believe then that all this had been as much a torture for him as it had been for her . 
 `` then go wild , baby . 
 come for me , '' he told her softly . 
 zara could never have believed it possible , but it happened . 
 almost on demand , she felt her body start to spasm as her release welled up like a fountain . 
 with just those words , spoken in that now familiar , compelling tone of voice , chase had activated her orgasm . 
 he never stopped thrusting at that same piston speed , not easing up even as she arched her back and screamed . 
 zara came in a shuddering rush , her whole body jerking as his c * ck slammed into her again and again , filling the room with the slapping sounds of their colliding flesh . 
 for a few moments she was lost in a void , oblivious to any sensation but the spirals of ecstasy that rippled through her . 
 from far away , she finally heard her name being ground from his lips , and felt him surge into her with his own equally tumultuous cli ** x . 
 the bliss , the culmination , was mutually accomplished . 
 she spun back down to reality , clinging to him in the final agonies . 
 if there was anything better than this , she 'd never known it . 
 had never felt an orgasm so powerful it had almost caused her heart to stop beating . 
 he 'd tormented her to this point , withheld her release each time so that she could feel this final , outstandingly perfect zenith of pleasure . 
 zara was very , very grateful . 
 so grateful , that she heard herself whisper the words , thank you sir . 
 thank you for giving me such an exquisite orgasm . 
 for making me first suffer so i could truly understand pleasure ... reward . 
 and i ca n't wait for it to happen again ... 
