 chapter one `` this is a joke-right ? '' 
 shana berrie said uncertainly as she talked to her older sister , ali , on the phone . 
 ali was the sensible one in the family . 
 she-unlike shana-wouldn ' t have dreamed of packing up her entire life , buying a pizza and ice-cream parlor and starting over in a new city . 
 oh , no , only someone completely and utterly in need of a change-correction , a drastic change-would do something like that . 
 `` i 'm sorry , shana , but you did agree to this parenting plan . '' 
 her sister was a navy nurse stationed in san diego , and several years ago , when she 'd asked shana to look after her niece if necessary , shana had immediately said yes . 
 it had seemed an unlikely prospect at the time , but that was before her sister became a widow . 
 `` i did , did n't i ? '' 
 she muttered lamely as she stepped around a cardboard box . 
 her rental house was cluttered with the makings of her new life and the remnants of her old . 
 `` it is n't like i have any choice in the matter , '' ali pointed out . 
 `` i know . '' 
 pushing her thick , chestnut-colored hair away from her forehead , shana leaned against the kitchen wall and slowly expelled her breath , hoping that would calm her pounding heart . 
 `` i said yes back then because you asked me to , but i do n't know anything about kids . '' 
 `` jazmine 's great , '' ali assured her . 
 `` i know , but-but ... '' she stammered . 
 shana was n't sure how to explain . 
 `` the thing is , i 'm at a turning point in my own life and i 'm probably not the best person for jazmine . '' 
 surely there was a relative on her brother-in-law 's side . 
 someone else , anyone else would be better than shana , who was starting a new career after suffering a major romantic breakup . 
 at the moment , her life still felt disorganized . 
 chaotic . 
 add a recently bereaved nine-year-old to the mix , and she did n't know what might happen . 
 `` this is n't a choose-your-time type of situation , '' ali said . 
 `` i 'm counting on you , and so is jazmine . '' 
 shana nibbled on her lower lip , trapped between her doubts and her obligation to her widowed sister . 
 `` i 'll do it , of course , but i was just wondering if there was someone else ... '' `` there is n't , '' ali said abruptly . 
 `` then it 's me . '' 
 shana spoke with as much enthusiasm as she could muster , although she suspected it must sound pretty hollow . 
 shana had n't had much experience as an aunt , but she was going to get her chance to learn . 
 she was about to become her niece 's primary caregiver while her sister went out to sea on an aircraft carrier for a six-month deployment . 
 shana truly had n't expected this . 
 when ali filled out the `` worldwide availability '' form-with shana 's name-she 'd explained it was so the navy had documentation proving jazmine would have someone to take care of her at all times , ensuring that ali was combat-ready . 
 it had seemed quite routine , more of a formality than a possibility-and of course , peter was alive then . 
 ali had been in the navy for twelve years and had never pulled sea duty before now . 
 she 'd traveled around the world with her husband , a navy pilot , and their daughter . 
 then , two years ago , peter had been killed in a training accident and everything changed . 
 things had changed in shana 's life , too , although not in the same unalterable and tragic way . 
 brad-shana purposely put a halt to her thoughts . 
 brad was in the past . 
 they were finished . 
 done . 
 kaput . 
 she 'd told her friends that she was so over him she had to force herself to remember his name . 
 who was he , again ? 
 that was how over him she was . 
 over . 
 over and out . 
 `` i do n't have much time , '' ali was saying . 
 `` the woodrow wilson 's scheduled to leave soon . 
 i 'll fly jazmine up this weekend but i wo n't be able to stay more than overnight . '' 
 shana swallowed a protest . 
 for reasons of national security , shana realized her sister could n't say any more about her schedule . 
 but this weekend ? 
 she still had to finish unpacking . 
 furthermore , she 'd only just started training with the former owners of her restaurant . 
 then it occurred to shana that she might not be the only one upset about ali 's sudden deployment . 
 she could only guess at her niece 's reaction . 
 `` what does jazmine have to say about all this ? '' 
 ali 's hesitation told shana everything she needed to know . 
 `` oh , great , '' she muttered under her breath . 
 she remembered her own childhood and what her mother had termed her `` attitude problem . '' 
 shana had plenty of that , all right , and most of it was bad . 
 dealing with jazmine 's moods would be payback , she supposed , for everything her poor mother had endured . 
 `` to be honest , jazmine is n't too excited about the move . '' 
 who could blame her ? 
 the little girl barely knew shana . 
 the kid , a true child of the military , had lived on whidbey island in washington state , then italy and , following the accident that claimed her father 's life , had been shuffled to san diego , california . 
 they 'd just settled into their navy housing , and now they were about to leave that . 
 in her nine years jazmine had been moved from country to country , lost her father , and now her mother was shipping out for six long months . 
 if that was n't enough , the poor kid was being foisted on shana . 
 no wonder she was n't thrilled . 
 `` we 'll be fine , '' shana murmured , doing her best to sound positive . 
 she did n't know who she was kidding . 
 certainly not her sister-and not herself , either . 
 this was going to be another in a long line of recent disasters , or life-changing events , as she preferred to call them . 
 `` so it 's true you and brad split up ? '' 
 ali asked with a degree of delicacy . 
 she 'd obviously been warned against bringing up his name . 
 `` brad ? '' 
 shana repeated as if she had no idea who her sister was talking about . 
 `` oh , you mean brad moore . 
 yes , it 's over . 
 we were finished quite a while ago , but either he forgot to tell me or i just was n't paying attention . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' ali said . 
 the last thing shana wanted was ali 's sympathy . 
 `` do n't worry , i 've rebounded . 
 everything 's great . 
 my life is fabulous , or it will be in short order . 
 i 've got everything under control . '' 
 shana said all of this without taking a breath . 
 if she said it often enough , she might actually start to believe it . 
 `` when mom told me that you 'd decided to leave portland and move to seattle , i thought it was job-related at first . 
 you never said a word . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` did you move all those plants , too ? 
 you must have about a thousand . '' 
 shana laughed . 
 `` hardly . 
 but yes , i did . 
 moving was ... a spontaneous decision . '' 
 that was putting it mildly . 
 one weekend shana had driven to seattle to get away and to consider her relationship with brad . 
 she 'd finally realized that it was n't going anywhere . 
 for five years they 'd been talking marriage . 
 wrong . 
 she 'd been talking marriage . 
 brad had managed to string her along with just enough interest to placate her . 
 and she 'd let him until ... unexpectedly , shana had stumbled on brad having lunch with a business associate . 
 this so-called associate just happened to be a willowy blonde with a figure that would stop a freight train . 
 it was a business lunch , he 'd claimed later , when shana confronted him . 
 yeah , sure-monkey business . 
 shana could be dense at times but she was n't blind , and she recognized this so-called associate as someone brad had once introduced as sylvia , an old flame . 
 apparently those embers were still very much alive and growing hotter by the minute , because as shana watched , they 'd exchanged a lengthy kiss in the parking lot and drove off together . 
 she was embarrassed to admit she 'd followed them . 
 it did n't take her long to see where they were headed . 
 brad 's town house-and she did n't think they were there to discuss contracts or fire codes . 
 even when confronted , brad insisted his lunch date was a client . 
 any resemblance his associate had to sylvia was purely coincidental . 
 the more he defended himself , the more defensive he got , complaining that shana was acting like a jealous shrew . 
 he 'd been outraged that she 'd question his faithfulness when she was the one so often away , working as a sales rep for a large pharmaceutical company . 
 he 'd been so convincing that-just for a moment-she 'd wondered if she might 've been wrong . 
 only when she mentioned that she 'd followed them to his town house did brad show any hint of guilt or regret . 
 he 'd glanced away then , and the righteous indignation had been replaced by a look of such sadness she had to resist the urge to comfort him . 
 he was sorry , he 'd said , so sorry . 
 it had been a fling ; it meant nothing . 
 he could n't lose her . 
 shana was his life , the woman he intended to marry , the mother of his unborn children . 
 for a few days , he 'd actually swayed her . 
 needing to sort out her feelings , shana had driven to seattle the next weekend . 
 after five years with brad she felt she knew him , but it now seemed quite clear that she did n't . 
 he wanted her back , he told her over and over . 
 he was willing to do whatever it took to reconcile , to make this up to her . 
 he suggested counseling , agreed to therapy , anything but losing her . 
 that weekend , shana had engaged in some painful self-examination . 
 she desperately wanted to believe the afternoon rendezvous with sylvia was a onetime thing , but her head told her it was n't and that they 'd been involved for months-or more . 
 it was while she sat in lincoln park in west seattle , analyzing the last five years , that she concluded there was no going back . 
 her trust had been destroyed . 
 she could n't build a life with brad after this . 
 in truth , their relationship had dead-ended three years ago . 
 maybe sooner ; she could no longer tell . 
 what shana did recognize was that she 'd been so caught up in loving brad that she 'd refused to see the signs . 
 `` i was feeling pretty miserable , '' shana admitted to her sister . 
 wretched was a more accurate description , but she did n't want to sound melodramatic . 
 `` i sat in that park in west seattle , thinking . '' 
 `` in west seattle ? 
 how 'd you get there ? '' 
 shana sighed loudly . 
 `` i took a wrong turn when i was trying to find the freeway . '' 
 ali laughed . 
 `` i should have guessed . '' 
 `` i ended up on this bridge and there was n't anyplace to turn around , so i followed the road , which led to a wonderful waterfront park . '' 
 `` the ice-cream parlor 's in the park ? '' 
 `` no , it 's across the street . 
 you know me and maple-nut ice cream . 
 it 's the ultimate comfort food . '' 
 she tried to make a joke of it , but at the time she 'd felt there was n't enough maple-nut ice cream in the world to see her through this misery . 
 `` brad drove you to maple nut ? '' 
 shana snickered at ali 's exaggerated horror . 
 after her decision to break off the relationship , she 'd grown angry . 
 okay , furious . 
 she wanted out of this relationship , completely out , and living in the same city made that difficult . 
 `` actually , west seattle is a charming little community . 
 the ice-cream parlor had a for sale sign in the window and i got to talking to the owners . 
 they 're an older couple , sweet as can be and planning to retire . 
 as i sat there , i thought it must be a nice place to work . 
 how could anyone be unhappy surrounded by ice cream and pizza ? '' 
 `` so you bought it ? 
 shana , for heaven 's sake , what do you know about running any kind of restaurant ? '' 
 `` not much , '' she said , `` but i 've worked in sales and with people all these years . 
 i was ready for a break , and this seemed practically fated . '' 
 `` but how could you afford to buy an established business ? '' 
 shana had an answer for that , too . 
 `` i had a chunk of cash in savings . '' 
 the money had originally been set aside for her wedding . 
 saving a hundred dollars a month and investing it carefully , she 'd managed to double her money . 
 just then , she could n't think of a better way to spend it . 
 buying this business was impulsive and irrational but despite everything , it felt ... right . 
 that sunday in the park she 'd admitted there would be no wedding , no honeymoon with brad . 
 shana drew in her breath . 
 she refused to think about it anymore . 
 she 'd entered a new phase of her life . 
 `` it 's a cute place . 
 you 'll like it , '' she murmured . 
 she had lots of ideas for fixing it up , making it hers . 
 the olsens had promised to help transfer ownership as seamlessly as possible . 
 `` you rented a house ? '' 
 `` that very same sunday . '' 
 once she 'd made her decision , shana had been on a mission and there was no stopping her . 
 as luck would have it , there was a house two streets over that had just been vacated . 
 the owner had recently painted it and installed new carpeting . 
 shana had taken one look around the 1950s-style bungalow with its small front porch and brick fireplace and declared it perfect . 
 she 'd given the rental agent a check immediately . 
 then she drove home , wrote a letter resigning her job-and phoned brad . 
 that conversation had been short , sweet and utterly satisfying . 
 `` making a move like this could n't have been easy , '' ali commiserated . 
 `` you would n't believe how easy it was , '' shana said gleefully . 
 `` i suppose you 're curious about what brad had to say . '' 
 she was dying to tell her . 
 `` well ... '' `` i called him , '' shana said without waiting for ali to respond , `` and naturally he wanted to know where i 'd been all weekend . '' 
 `` you told him ? '' 
 shana grinned . 
 `` i could n't get a word in edgewise . 
 he was pretty upset . 
 he told me how worried he was , and how he 'd spent the entire weekend calling me . 
 he was afraid of what i might 've done . 
 as if i 'd do something lethal over him , '' she scoffed . 
 shana suspected that his concern was all for show , but none of that mattered now . 
 `` when he cooled down , i calmly explained that i 'd gone for a drive . '' 
 `` a three-day drive , '' ali inserted . 
 `` right . 
 well , he got huffy , saying the least i could 've done was let him know i 'd made plans . '' 
 what came next was the best part . 
 `` so i told him i 'd made plans for the rest of my life and they did n't include him . '' 
 ali giggled and it sounded exactly the way it had when they were girls , sharing a bedroom . 
 `` what did he say then ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i hung up and started packing stuff in my apartment . '' 
 `` did n't he try to phone you back ? '' 
 `` not for the first couple of days . 
 he e-mailed me on the third day and i immediately put a block on his name . '' 
 that must have infuriated him-not that shana cared . 
 well , she did , a little . 
 okay , more than a little . 
 unfortunately she did n't have the satisfaction of knowing what his reaction had been . 
 in the past , she 'd always been the one who patched any rift . 
 that was her problem ; she could n't stand conflict , so she 'd done all the compromising and conciliating . 
 over the course of their relationship , brad had come to expect her to make the first move . 
 well , no longer . 
 she was finished . 
 brad moore was history . 
 instead of kicking herself for taking so long to see the light , she was moving ahead , starting over ... and , to be on the safe side , giving up on men and relationships . 
 at twenty-eight , she 'd had her fill . 
 men were n't worth the effort and the grief . 
 `` i never was that fond of brad , '' ali confessed . 
 `` you might 've said something . '' 
 shana realized her tone was a little annoyed . 
 in the five years she 'd dated brad , there 'd certainly been opportunities for ali to share her opinion . 
 `` how could i ? 
 we just met once , and you seemed so keen on him . '' 
 `` if you 'd stayed in one place longer , we might 've gotten together more often . '' 
 ali 's sigh drifted over the phone . 
 `` that 's what happens when you 're in the navy . 
 they own your life . 
 now honestly , are you all right ? '' 
 shana paused to consider the question . 
 a second later , she gave ali her answer . 
 `` honestly ? 
 i feel great , and that 's the truth . 
 yes , this breakup hurt , but mostly i was angry with myself for not waking up sooner . 
 i feel fabulous . 
 it 's as if i 've been released from a spell . 
 i 've got a whole new attitude toward men . '' 
 her sister did n't say anything for a moment . 
 `` you might think you 're fine , but there 's a chance you 're not totally over brad . '' 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 again her sister hesitated . 
 `` i remember what it was like after peter died . 
 the shock and grief were overwhelming at first . 
 i walked around in a fog for weeks . '' 
 `` this is different , '' shana insisted . 
 `` it 's less ... important . '' 
 `` it is and it is n't , '' ali fired right back . 
 `` but you feel better now , do n't you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 one day , out of the blue , i discovered i could smile again . 
 i could function . 
 i had to . 
 my daughter needed me . 
 my patients needed me . 
 i 'll always love peter , though . '' 
 her voice wavered but eventually regained strength . 
 `` i 'll always love peter , too , '' shana said , swallowing hard . 
 `` he was one of a kind . '' 
 her brother-in-law had been a loving husband and father , and her heart ached for her sister even now . 
 the situation with brad did n't compare . 
 `` i 'll give you my flight information for this weekend , '' ali said , changing the subject . 
 shana had nearly forgotten that she was about to become a substitute mother . 
 `` oh , yeah . 
 let me find a pen . '' 
 scrabbling through her purse , she dug one up and found a crumpled receipt she 'd stuffed in there . 
 good-she could write on the back . 
 she was looking forward to some time with her sister . 
 they saw each other so rarely , thanks to ali 's career . 
 this upcoming visit would be a brief one , but shana had n't seen ali-and jazmine-since the funeral . 
 `` you and jazmine will do just fine , '' ali said warmly . 
 `` jazmine 's a great kid , but be warned . 
 she 's nine going on sixteen . '' 
 `` in what way ? '' 
 `` because she 's an only child , she 's rather ... precocious . 
 for instance , she 's reading at ninth-grade level . 
 and the music she likes is sort of-well , you 'll see . '' 
 `` thanks for warning me . '' 
 `` i 'm sure this 'll be easy for you . '' 
 shana had her doubts . 
 `` if i remember correctly , that was what you told me when i asked if i could fly off the top bunk . '' 
 `` what did i know ? 
 i was only six , '' ali reminded her . 
 `` you 've never forgiven me for that , have you ? '' 
 `` i still remember how much it hurt to have the wind knocked out of me . '' 
 it felt the same way now . 
 despite the assurances she so freely handed out , shana was still struggling to recover her equilibrium-to reinvent her life on new terms . 
 no brad , no steady paycheck , no familiar portland neighborhood . 
 now , her niece was about to complicate the situation . 
 the next six months should be very interesting , she thought . 
 very interesting indeed . 
 she vaguely recalled an old chinese saying , something about living in interesting times . 
 unfortunately , she also recalled that it was intended as a curse , not a blessing . 
 chapter two alison karas could n't help being concerned about leaving her nine-year-old daughter with her sister , shana . 
 this was n't a good time in jazmine 's life , nor was it particularly opportune for shana . 
 her sister sounded strong and confident , but ali suspected otherwise . 
 despite shana 's reassurances , she 'd been badly shaken by her breakup with brad , even though she 'd initiated it . 
 jazmine had n't taken the news of this deployment well , and was reluctant to leave her newfound friends behind and move to seattle . 
 but ali really had no other option . 
 ideally , jazmine would go to either set of grandparents , but in this case that would n't work . 
 after the sudden loss of her father ten years earlier , her mother had n't done well . 
 she 'd never recovered emotionally and was incapable of dealing with the demands of a young girl . 
 peter had been an only child and his parents had divorced when he was young . 
 both had gone on to other marriages and other children . 
 neither set of paternal grandparents had shown any great interest in jazmine . 
 jazmine wandered into ali 's room just then and flopped down on the bed with all the enthusiasm of a slug . 
 `` are you packed ? '' 
 ali asked , her own suitcase open on the opposite end of the bed . 
 `` no , '' her daughter muttered . 
 `` this whole move is crap . '' 
 `` jazmine , watch your mouth ! '' 
 ali refused to get into an argument with a nine-year-old . 
 the truth was , she 'd rather not ship out , either , but for jazmine 's sake she put on a good front . 
 this was the most difficult aspect of her life in the navy . 
 she was a widow and a mother , but she was also a navy nurse , and her responsibilities in that regard were unavoidable . 
 that was made abundantly clear the day she accepted her commission . 
 when the navy called , she answered . 
 in fact , she would n't have minded six months at sea except for her daughter . 
 `` uncle adam lives in the seattle area , '' ali reminded her . 
 she 'd been saving that tidbit , hoping the news would make her daughter feel more positive about this most recent upheaval in their lives . 
 `` he 's in everett , '' jazmine said , her voice apathetic . 
 `` i understand that 's only thirty or forty minutes from seattle . '' 
 `` it is ? '' 
 her daughter revealed her first spark of interest since they 'd learned of the transfer . 
 `` does he know we 're coming ? '' 
 she sat upright , eager now . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 busy as she 'd been , ali had n't told adam kennedy-her husband 's best friend and jazz 's godfather-that jazmine would soon be living in seattle . 
 `` then we have to tell him ! '' 
 `` we will , all in due course , '' ali assured her . 
 `` do it now . '' 
 her daughter leaped off the bed , sprinted into the living room and came back with the portable phone . 
 `` i do n't have his number . '' 
 ali had n't been thinking clearly ; their phone directory had already been packed away and she simply did n't have time to search for it . 
 `` i do . '' 
 once more her daughter made a mad dash out of the bedroom , returning a moment later . 
 breathless , jazmine handed ali a tidy slip of paper . 
 ali unfolded it curiously and saw a phone number written by an adult hand . 
 `` uncle adam sent it to me , '' jazmine explained . 
 `` he told me i could call him whenever i needed to talk . 
 he said it did n't matter what time of day or night i phoned , so call him , mom . 
 this is important . '' 
 ali resisted the urge to find out if her daughter had taken advantage of adam 's offer before now and decided she probably had . 
 for jazmine , it was as if the sun rose and set on peter 's friend . 
 lieutenant commander adam kennedy had been a support to both of them since the accident that had abruptly taken peter out of their lives . 
 it sounded so cut and dried to say a computer had malfunctioned aboard peter 's f/a -18 . 
 he had n't had a chance to recover before the jet slammed into the ground . 
 he 'd died instantly , his life snuffed out in mere seconds . 
 that was two years ago now , two very long years , and every day since , peter had been with her . 
 her first thought was always of him and his image was the last one her mind released before she went to sleep at night . 
 he was part of her . 
 she saw him in jazmine 's smile , in the three little lines that formed between the girl 's eyebrows when she frowned . 
 peter had done that , too . 
 and their eyes were the exact same shade of brownish green . 
 as an smo , or senior medical officer , ali was familiar with death . 
 what she did n't know was how to deal with the aftermath of it . 
 she still struggled and , as a result , she understood her sister 's pain . 
 yes , shana 's breakup with brad was different , and of a lesser magnitude , but it was a loss . 
 in ending her relationship with him , shana was also giving up a dream , one she 'd held and cherished for five years . 
 she was adjusting to a new version of her life and her future . 
 shana had flippantly dismissed any doubts or regrets about the breakup . 
 those would come later , like a sneak attack-probably when shana least expected it . 
 they had with ali . 
 `` mom , '' jazmine cried , exasperated . 
 `` dial ! '' 
 `` oh , sorry , '' ali murmured , punching out the number . 
 an answering machine came on almost immediately . 
 `` he is n't there ? '' 
 jazmine asked , studying her . 
 she did n't hide her disappointment . 
 it was doom and gloom all over again as she threw herself backward onto the bed , arms spread-eagled . 
 ali left a message and asked him to get in touch . 
 `` when do you think he 'll call ? '' 
 jazmine demanded impatiently . 
 `` i do n't know , but i 'll make sure we get a chance to see him if it 's possible . '' 
 `` of course it 's possible , '' jazmine argued . 
 `` he 'll want to see me . 
 and you , too . '' 
 ali shrugged . 
 `` he might not be back by the time i need to fly out , but you 'll see him , do n't worry . '' 
 jazmine would n't look at her . 
 instead she stared morosely at the ceiling , as if she did n't have a friend in the world . 
 the kid had moved any number of times and had always been a good sport about it , until now . 
 ali did n't blame her for being upset , but there was n't anything she could do to change her orders . 
 `` you 'll love living with your aunt shana , '' alison said , trying a new tactic . 
 `` did i tell you she has an ice-cream parlor ? 
 how much fun is that ? '' 
 jazmine was n't impressed . 
 `` i do n't really know her . '' 
 `` this will be your opportunity to bond . '' 
 jazmine sighed . 
 `` i do n't want to bond with her . '' 
 `` you will eventually , '' ali said with forced brightness . 
 jazmine was n't fooled . 
 `` i 'm not glue , you know . '' 
 alison held back a smile . 
 `` we both need to make the best of this , jazz . 
 i do n't want to leave you any more than you want me to go . '' 
 her daughter scrambled to a sitting position . 
 as her shoulders slumped , she nodded . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` your aunt shana loves you . '' 
 `` yippee , skippy . '' 
 alison tried again . 
 `` the ice-cream parlor is directly across the street from the park . '' 
 `` yippee . '' 
 `` jazmine ! '' 
 `` i know , i know . '' 
 ali wrapped one arm around the girl 's shoulders . 
 `` the months will fly by . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 jazmine shook her head . 
 `` no , they wo n't , '' she said adamantly , `` and i have to change schools again . 
 i hate that . '' 
 changing schools , especially this late in the year , would be difficult . 
 in a few weeks , depending on the seattle schedule , classes would be dismissed for the summer . 
 ali kissed the top of jazmine 's head and closed her eyes . 
 she had the distinct feeling her daughter was right . 
 the next six months would n't fly , they 'd crawl . 
 for all three of them ... shana wanted children , someday , when the time was right . 
 but she 'd assumed she 'd take on the role of motherhood the way everyone else did . 
 she 'd start with an infant and sort of grow into it-ease into being a parent gradually , learning as she went . 
 instead , she was about to get a crash course . 
 she wondered if there were manuals to help with this kind of situation . 
 pacing her living room , she paused long enough to check out the spare bedroom one last time . 
 she 'd added some welcoming touches for jazmine 's benefit and hoped the stuffed teddy bear would appeal to her niece . 
 girls of any age liked stuffed animals , did n't they ? 
 the bedspread , a fetching shade of pink with big white daisies , was new , as was the matching pink throw rug . 
 she just hoped jazmine would recognize that she was trying to make this work . 
 she wanted jazmine to know she was willing to make an effort if the girl would meet her halfway . 
 still , shana did n't have a good feeling about it . 
 her suspicions proved correct . 
 when ali arrived , it was immediately apparent that jazmine wanted nothing to do with her aunt shana . 
 the nine-year-old was dressed in faded green fatigues and a camouflage army-green t-shirt . 
 she sat on the sofa with a sullen look that discouraged conversation . 
 her long dark hair fell across her face . 
 when she was n't glaring at shana , she stared at the carpet as if inspecting it for loose fibers . 
 `` i ca n't tell you how good it is to see you , '' ali told shana , turning to her daughter , obviously expecting jazmine to echo the sentiment . 
 the girl did n't . 
 shana moved into the kitchen , hoping for a private word with her sister . 
 they had n't always been close . 
 all through high school , they 'd competed with each other . 
 ali had been the more academic of the two , while shana had excelled in sports . 
 from their father , a family physician , they 'd both inherited a love of science and medicine . 
 he 'd died suddenly of a heart attack when shana was twenty . 
 within months , their lives were turned upside down . 
 their mother fell to pieces but by that time , ali was in the navy . 
 luckily , shana was able to stay close to home and look after their mom , handle the legal paperwork and deal with the insurance , retirement funds and other responsibilities . 
 shana had attended college classes part-time and kept the household going . 
 at twenty-two , she was hired by one of the up-and-coming pharmaceutical companies as a sales rep. the job suited her . 
 having spent a good part of her life around medical professionals , she was comfortable in that atmosphere . 
 she was friendly and personable , well-liked by clients and colleagues . 
 within a few years , she 'd risen to top sales representative in her division . 
 the company had been sorry to see her go and had offered an impressive bonus to persuade her to stay . 
 but shana was ready for a change , in more ways than one . 
 the last time the sisters had been together was at peter 's funeral . 
 shortly afterward , ali had returned to italy . 
 although she could have taken an assignment back in the states , ali chose to finish her tour in europe . 
 as much as possible , she 'd told shana , she wanted jazmine to remain in a familiar environment . 
 a few months ago , she 'd been transferred to san diego , but no one had expected her to be stationed aboard the woodrow wilson , the newest and largest of the navy 's aircraft carriers . 
 according to her sister , this was a once-in-a-career assignment . 
 maybe , but in shana 's opinion , the navy had a lousy sense of timing . 
 `` jazmine does n't seem happy about being here , '' shana commented when they were out of earshot . 
 she understood how the girl felt . 
 the poor kid had enough turmoil in her life without having her mother disappear for six months . 
 `` she 'll be fine . '' 
 ali cast an anxious glance toward the living room as shana took three sodas from the refrigerator . 
 `` sure she will , '' shana agreed , `` but will i ? '' 
 ali bit her lower lip and looked guilty . 
 `` there is n't anyone else . '' 
 `` i know . 
 these next six months will give jazmine and me a chance to know each other , '' shana announced , stepping into the living room and offering jazmine a soda . 
 `` is n't that right ? '' 
 the girl stared at the can as if it held nerve gas . 
 `` i do n't want to live with you . '' 
 well , surprise , surprise . 
 shana would never have guessed that . 
 `` jazmine ! '' 
 `` no , '' shana said , stopping her sister from chastising the girl . 
 `` we should be honest with one another . '' 
 she put down jazmine 's drink and sat on the opposite end of the sofa , dangling her own pop can in both hands . 
 `` this is going to be an experience for me , too . 
 i have n't been around kids your age all that much . '' 
 `` i can tell . '' 
 jazmine frowned at the open door to her bedroom . 
 `` i hate pink . '' 
 shana had been afraid of that . 
 `` we can take it back and exchange it for something you like . '' 
 `` where 'd you get it ? 
 barbies r us ? '' 
 shana laughed ; the kid was witty . 
 `` close , but we can check out the army surplus store if you prefer . '' 
 this comment warranted a half smile from jazmine . 
 `` we 'll manage , '' shana said with what she hoped sounded like confidence . 
 `` i realize i 've got a lot to learn . '' 
 `` no kidding . '' 
 `` jazmine , '' ali snapped in frustration , `` the least you can do is try . 
 give your aunt credit for making an effort . 
 you can do the same . '' 
 `` i am trying , '' the girl snapped in return . 
 `` a pink bedroom and a teddy bear ? 
 oh , puleeeze ! 
 she 's treating me like i 'm in kindergarten instead of fourth grade . '' 
 shana had barely started this new venture and already she 'd failed miserably . 
 `` we can exchange the bear , too , '' she suggested . 
 `` army surplus again ? '' 
 her second attempt at being accommodating was less appreciated than the first . 
 this time jazmine did n't even crack a smile . 
 ali sat in the space between shana and jazmine and threw her arms over their shoulders . 
 `` if i 've learned anything in the last few years , it 's that women have to stick together . 
 i ca n't be with you , jazz . 
 that 's all there is to it . 
 i 'm sorry , i wish things were different , but they are n't . 
 if you want , at the end of this deployment , i 'll resign my commission . '' 
 jazmine 's head rose abruptly . 
 `` you 'd leave the navy ? '' 
 ali nodded . 
 this was as much a surprise to shana as it was to her niece . 
 from all indications , ali loved military life and had fit into it with comfort and ease . 
 `` now that your dad 's gone , my life is n't the same anymore , '' ali continued . 
 `` i 'm your mother and you 're far more important to me than any career , navy or not . 
 i wo n't leave you again , jazmine , and that 's a promise . '' 
 at those words the girl burst into tears . 
 embarrassed , she hid her face in both hands , her shoulders shaking as ali hugged her . 
 ali seemed to be trying not to weep , but shana had no such compunction . 
 tears slipped down her cheeks . 
 it would be so good to have her sister back again . 
 if she had any say in the matter , ali would move to seattle so the two of them could be closer . 
 `` if you get out of the navy , does that mean you 'll marry uncle adam ? '' 
 jazmine asked with the excitement of a kid who 's just learned she 's about to receive the best gift of her life . 
 `` who 's uncle adam ? '' 
 did this mean her sister had managed to find two husbands while shana had yet to find one ? 
 ah , the old competitive urge was back in full swing . 
 `` he was one of my dad 's best friends , '' jazmine supplied with more enthusiasm than she 'd shown since she 'd arrived . 
 `` he 's cute and funny and i think mom should marry him . '' 
 raising one brow , shana turned to her sister for an explanation . 
 ali had never mentioned anyone named adam . 
 `` uncle adam is stationed in everett . 
 that 's close to here , right ? '' 
 jazmine demanded , looking to shana for the answer . 
 `` it 's a bit of a drive . '' 
 she was n't entirely sure , never having made the trip north of seattle herself . 
 `` less than an hour , i 'd guess . '' 
 `` uncle adam will want to visit once he learns i 'm here . '' 
 `` i 'm sure he will , '' ali murmured , pressing her daughter 's head against her shoulder . 
 `` you like this guy ? '' 
 shana asked her . 
 ali was decidedly closemouthed about him , which implied that she had some feelings for this friend of peter 's . 
 `` of course mom likes him , '' jazmine said when her mother did n't respond . 
 `` so do i . 
 he 's totally fabulous . '' 
 ali met shana 's gaze and shrugged . 
 `` another pilot ? '' 
 shana murmured . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` he 's a supply officer . 
 you 'll like him , '' her sister was quick to say , as if this man might interest her romantically . 
 no way . 
 shana had sworn off men and she was serious about that . 
 `` he said i can talk to him anytime i want , '' jazmine went on . 
 `` i can phone him , ca n't i ? '' 
 `` of course you can . '' 
 shana was more curious than ever about this man her sister did n't want to discuss . 
 shana turned to gaze at ali , silently pleading for more information . 
 her sister ignored her , which was infuriating . 
 clearly , adam had already won over her niece ; he must be the kind of guy who shopped at the army surplus store . 
 chapter three first thing monday morning , shana drove jazmine to lewis and clark elementary school to enroll her . 
 shana had to admit her stomach was in knots . 
 the school yard was jammed with kids , and a string of vehicles queued in front , taking turns dropping off students . 
 big yellow school buses belched out diesel fumes as they lumbered toward the parking lot behind the building . 
 shana was fortunate to find an empty parking space . 
 she accompanied jazmine into the building , although the girl walked ahead of her-just far enough to suggest the two of them were n't together . 
 the noise level inside the school reminded her of a rock concert and shana felt the beginnings of a headache . 
 or maybe it was caused by all those students gathered in one place , staring at jazmine and her . 
 the school bell rang and like magic , the halls emptied . 
 within seconds everyone disappeared behind various doors and silence descended . 
 ah , the power of a bell . 
 it was as if she were moses , and the red sea had parted so she could find her way to the promised land , or in this case , the office . 
 wordlessly shana and jazmine followed the signs to the principal 's domain . 
 jazmine was outwardly calm . 
 she gave no sign of being ill at ease . 
 unlike shana , who was on the verge of chewing off every fingernail she owned . 
 `` this is no big deal , '' jazmine assured her , shifting the backpack she carried . 
 it was the size one might take on a trek through the himalayas . 
 `` i 've done this plenty of times . '' 
 `` i do n't feel good just leaving you here . '' 
 they 'd had all of one day together and while it was uncomfortable for them both , it had n't been nearly as bad as shana had feared . 
 it had n't been good , either . 
 when they took ali to the airport , shana had been the one in tears . 
 mother and daughter had hugged for an extra-long moment and then ali was gone . 
 it was shana who did all the talking on the drive home . 
 as soon as they were back at the rental house , jazmine disappeared inside her bedroom and did n't open the door for hours . 
 dinner had been a series of attempts on shana 's part to start a conversation , but her questions were met with either a grunt or a one-word reply . 
 shana got the message . 
 after the first ten minutes , she said nothing . 
 and nothing was what jazmine seemed to appreciate most . 
 they maintained an awkward silence and at the end of the meal , jazmine delivered her plate to the kitchen , rinsed it off , stuck it in the dishwasher and returned to her room . 
 the door closed and shana had n't seen her again until this morning . 
 apparently kids this age treasured their privacy . 
 point taken . 
 lesson learned . 
 `` this must be it , '' shana said , pointing at the door marked office . 
 jazmine murmured something unintelligible , shrugging off the backpack and letting the straps slip down her arms . 
 shana could n't imagine what she had in that monstrosity , but apparently it was as valuable to the child as shana 's purse was to her . 
 `` i was thinking you might want to wait a bit , you know , '' shana suggested , stammering , unable to identify her misgivings . 
 `` not do this right away , i mean . '' 
 the students she saw in the hallway did n't look particularly friendly . 
 jazmine was only nine , for heaven 's sake , and her mother was headed out to sea for half a year . 
 maybe she should homeschool her . 
 shana considered that option for all of half a second . 
 first , it would n't be home school ; it would be ice-cream parlor school . 
 the authorities would love that . 
 and second , shana was completely unqualified to teach her anything . 
 `` i 'll be all right , '' jazmine said just loudly enough for shana to hear . 
 maybe so , but shana was n't completely convinced she would be . 
 this guardianship thing was even harder than it sounded . 
 the thought of leaving her niece here actually made her feel ill . 
 jazmine 's eyes narrowed accusingly . 
 `` i 'm not a kid , you know . '' 
 so nine-year-olds were n't kids anymore ? 
 could 've fooled shana , but rather than argue , she let the comment slide . 
 enrolling jazmine turned out to be surprisingly easy . 
 after shana completed a couple of forms and handed over a copy of her guardianship papers , it was done . 
 jazmine was led out of the office and into a classroom . 
 shana watched her go , forcing herself not to follow like a much-loved golden retriever . 
 `` it 's your first time as a guardian ? '' 
 the school secretary asked . 
 shana nodded . 
 `` jazmine 's been through a lot . '' 
 she resisted the urge to mention peter 's death and the fact that ali was out at sea . 
 instinctively she realized that the less anyone knew about these things , the better for jazmine . 
 `` she 'll fit right in , '' the secretary assured her . 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 but shana was n't sure that was true . 
 there were only a few weeks left of the school year . 
 just when jazmine had managed to adjust , it would be time for summer break . 
 and what would shana do with her then ? 
 it was a question she could n't answer . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 with reluctance she walked back to her parked car and drove to olsen 's ice cream and pizza parlor . 
 she 'd thought about changing the name , but the restaurant had been called this for the last thirty years . 
 a new name might actually be a disadvantage , so she 'd decided to keep everything the same for now . 
 shana 's day went smoothly after her visit to the school . 
 she was on her own now , her training with the olsens finished . 
 they insisted the secret to their pizza was the tomato sauce , made from their special recipe . 
 that recipe had been kept secret for over thirty years . 
 only when the final papers had been signed was shana allowed to have the recipe , which to her untrained eye looked fairly unspectacular . 
 she was almost sure her mother used to make something similar for spaghetti and had gotten the recipe out of a `` dear abby '' column years ago . 
 there was a huge mixing machine and , following the olsens ' example , she went into the shop each morning to mix up a batch of dough and let it rise . 
 once the dough had risen , it was put in the refrigerator , awaiting the day 's pizza orders . 
 the restaurant opened at eleven and did a brisk lunch trade . 
 how much or how little dough to make was complete guesswork . 
 shana 's biggest fear was that she 'd run short . 
 as a consequence she usually mixed too much . 
 but she was learning . 
 at three o'clock , shana found herself watching for the school bus . 
 jazmine was to be dropped off in front of the ice-cream parlor . 
 from noon on , she 'd constantly checked the time , wondering and worrying about her niece . 
 the elementary students she 'd seen looked like a rough crowd-okay , maybe not the first-and second-graders , but the ones in the fifth and sixth grades , who were giants compared to jazmine . 
 shana just hoped the girl could hold her own . 
 business was constant-people waiting to catch ferries , high-school students , retired folk , tourists . 
 shana planned to hire a part-time employee soon . 
 another idea she had was to introduce soup to the menu . 
 she 'd already experimented with a number of mixes , both liquid and dry , and had n't found anything that impressed her . 
 shana was leaning toward making her own from scratch but her experience in cooking large batches was limited . 
 a bus rolled into view and shana instantly went on alert . 
 sure enough , jazmine stepped off , wearing a frown , and marched inside . 
 without a word to shana , she slid into a booth . 
 `` well , '' shana said , unable to disguise her anxiety , `` how was it ? '' 
 jazmine shrugged . 
 `` oh . '' 
 her niece was n't exactly forthcoming with details . 
 thinking fast , shana asked the questions her mother had bombarded her with every day after school . 
 `` what did you learn ? 
 anything interesting ? '' 
 jazmine shook her head . 
 `` did you make any new friends ? '' 
 jazmine scowled up at her . 
 `` no . '' 
 that was said emphatically enough for shana to surmise that things had n't gone well . 
 `` i see . '' 
 glancing over her shoulder , shana sighed . 
 `` are you hungry ? 
 i could make you a pizza . '' 
 `` no , thanks . '' 
 the bell above the door rang and a customer entered , moving directly to the ice-cream case . 
 shana slipped behind the counter and waited patiently until the woman had made her selection . 
 as she scooped chocolate chip-mint ice cream into a waffle cone , she realized something was different about jazmine . 
 not until her customer left did she figure out what it was . 
 `` jazz , '' she said , startled , `` where 's your backpack ? '' 
 her niece did n't answer . 
 `` did you forget it at school ? 
 we could run by to pick it up if you want . '' 
 not until the parlor closed at six , but she did n't mention that . 
 during the summer it would n't be until eight o'clock ; she did n't mention that , either . 
 jazmine scowled even more ferociously . 
 shana had n't known how much fury a nine-year-old girl 's eyes could convey . 
 her niece 's anger seemed to be focused solely on shana . 
 the unfairness of it struck her , but any attempt at conversation was instantly blocked . 
 it was obvious that someone had taken the backpack from jazmine . 
 no wonder the girl was n't in a happy frame of mind . 
 feeling wretched and helpless , shana slid into the booth across from her niece . 
 she did n't say anything for several minutes , then gently squeezed jazmine 's hand . 
 `` i am so sorry . '' 
 jazmine shrugged as if it was no big thing , but it was and shana felt at a loss . 
 without her niece 's knowing , she 'd speak to the principal in the morning and see what could be done . 
 she guessed it 'd happened on the bus or off school grounds . 
 `` can i use your phone ? '' 
 jazmine asked . 
 `` of course . '' 
 jazmine 's eyes fleetingly met hers as she pulled a piece of paper from her hip pocket . 
 `` it 's long distance . '' 
 `` you 're not calling paris , are you ? '' 
 the question evoked an almost-smile . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` sure , go ahead . '' 
 shana gestured toward the phone on the back wall in the kitchen . 
 jazmine thanked her with a faint smile . 
 this counted as profuse appreciation and shana was nearly overwhelmed by gratitude . 
 despite their shaky beginning she was starting to reach this kid . 
 `` i 'm phoning my uncle adam , '' jazmine announced . 
 `` he 'll know what to do . '' 
 this uncle adam seemed to have all the answers . 
 she had n't even met him and already she did n't like him . 
 no one could be that perfect . 
 on monday afternoon , adam kennedy opened the door to his apartment near everett naval station , glad to be home . 
 he 'd just been released from the naval hospital , where he 'd recently undergone rotator cuff surgery . 
 his shoulder throbbed and he felt so light-headed he had to brace his hand against the wall in order to steady himself . 
 he 'd be fine in a couple of days , but at the moment he was still shaky . 
 the apartment was dark with the drapes pulled , but he did n't have the energy to walk across the room and open them . 
 it would n't be like this if he had a wife , who 'd be able to look after him while he felt so weak . 
 this was n't the first time that thought had occurred to adam . 
 he 'd never intended to be a thirty-two-year-old bachelor . 
 adam sank into his favorite chair and winced at the pain that shot down his arm . 
 leaning his head back against the cushion , he closed his eyes and envisioned what his life would be like if he was married . 
 a wife would be fussing over him now , acting concerned and looking for ways to make him comfortable . 
 granted , if comfort was all he wanted , he could pay for it . 
 a wife-well , having a wife meant companionship and sharing things . 
 like a bed ... it also involved that frightening word , love . 
 if he was married now , she 'd be asking how he felt and bringing him tea and caring about him . 
 the fantasy filled his mind and he found himself smiling . 
 what he needed was the right woman . 
 his track record in that department left a great deal to be desired . 
 he 'd started out fine . 
 when he graduated from college he 'd been engaged , but while he was in officer candidate school , melanie had a sudden change of heart . 
 actually , she still wanted to get married , just not to him . 
 the tearful scene in which she confessed that she 'd fallen in love with someone else was n't a memory he wanted to reminisce over , especially now . 
 suffice it to say , his ego had taken a major beating . 
 in the long run , though , melanie was n't that great a loss . 
 if she had a roving eye this early in their relationship , it did n't bode well for the lengthy separations a navy career would demand of their marriage . 
 the thing was , adam wanted children . 
 one of his proudest moments was when peter had asked him to be jazmine 's godfather . 
 he took his duties seriously and loved that little girl , and he 'd felt especially protective of her since his friend 's death . 
 he had n't heard from her in a while and wondered how she was doing after the recent move to san diego . 
 he 'd have to get in touch with her soon . 
 adam had envied peter his marriage . 
 he 'd never seen two people more in love with each other or better suited . 
 they were about as perfect a match as possible . 
 adam suspected that fact had been a detriment to him in his own quest for a relationship . 
 he kept looking for a woman as well suited to him as ali had been to his friend . 
 if such a woman existed , adam had n't found her , and he 'd about given up . 
 it was n't ali he wanted , but a woman who was his equal in all the ways ali had been peter 's . 
 a woman with brains and courage and heart . 
 at this stage he 'd take two out of three . 
 ali had brought out the best in peter ; she 'd made a good man better . 
 a sense of sadness came over him as he thought about peter . 
 adam had a couple of younger brothers , sam and doug , and the three of them were close , but peter and adam had been even closer . 
 they 'd met in ocs , officer candidate school , kept in contact afterward and later were stationed together in italy . 
 during weekend holidays , peter and ali had him over for countless dinners . 
 the three of them had sat on their balcony in the italian countryside drinking wine and talking well into the night . 
 those were some of the happiest memories of his life . 
 then peter had been killed . 
 adam had been a witness to the accident that claimed his best friend 's life . 
 he still had nightmares about it and experienced the same rush of horror , anger , frustration he 'd felt at the time . 
 he 'd gone with the casualty assistance counseling officer to tell ali that her husband was dead . 
 in his heart , he 'd promised peter that he 'd look out for both ali and jazz but the navy had n't made it easy . 
 ali was currently stationed at the hospital in san diego and he was in everett . 
 he phoned at least once a month to check up on them and jazmine called him every now and then when she needed to talk . 
 he always enjoyed their conversations . 
 peter would be proud of both the women in his life , he mused . 
 jazmine was a great kid and ali was a wonderful mother . 
 adam noticed the blinking light on his answering machine . 
 he knew there were more messages than he had the patience or endurance to deal with just yet . 
 he 'd leave it until morning when he had a fresh supply of energy . 
 he sighed . 
 he was n't used to feeling like this-despondent and weary . 
 coming home to an empty apartment underlined a truth he did n't want to acknowledge . 
 lieutenant commander adam kennedy was lonely . 
 he stared blankly across the room , half toying with the notion of a romantic relationship with ali . 
 it did n't take him more than a second to realize it would n't work . 
 he loved ali-like a sister . 
 try as he might , he could n't seem to view her as a marriage prospect . 
 she was his best friend 's widow , a woman he admired , a woman he thought of as family . 
 yet ... he wanted what she 'd had , what she and peter had shared , and the deep contentment their marriage had brought them . 
 by morning , he would 've forgotten all these yearnings , he told himself . 
 he 'd lived alone so long now that he should certainly be accustomed to his own company . 
 when he was at sea , it was a different story , since he was constantly surrounded by others . 
 as a supply officer he was normally stationed aboard the benjamin franklin . 
 unfortunately the franklin was currently headed toward the persian gulf . 
 until his shoulder healed , he 'd be twiddling his thumbs behind some desk and hating it . 
 after a while adam felt better . 
 his head had stopped spinning and the ache in his shoulder was n't quite as intense . 
 it would be easy to close his eyes and sleep but if he slept now , he 'd spend the whole night staring at the ceiling . 
 a wife . 
 it was something to consider . 
 maybe he should resume his efforts to meet someone , with marriage in mind . 
 the time was right . 
 his parents wanted more grandchildren and he was certainly willing to do his part . 
 according to ali , he was an excellent candidate for a husband and father . 
 she 'd tried any number of times to fix him up , but nothing had ever come of her matchmaking efforts . 
 a wife . 
 he relaxed and smiled . 
 he was ready . 
 all he needed now was the woman . 
 chapter four lieutenant commander alison karas had been assigned as senior medical officer aboard the uss woodrow wilson . 
 as much as she wanted to be with jazmine and as difficult as it had been to leave her daughter with shana , ali was determined to fulfill her duty to the navy . 
 during her twelve-year career , she 'd never been stationed aboard a ship . 
 before jazmine was born , she 'd done everything in her limited power to get such an assignment , but it had n't happened . 
 so far , she 'd served in a number of military hospitals . 
 and now , when she least wanted sea duty , that was exactly what she got . 
 still , she loved the navy with the same intensity her husband had . 
 her quarters were shared with another woman officer . 
 there had n't been time to exchange more than a brief greeting before they 'd each begun their respective assignments . 
 the crew was preparing to set out to sea . 
 within a couple of days , the jets would fly in from naval air stations all over the country . 
 it was standard procedure for the f-14s to link up with the aircraft carrier . 
 unlikely though it was , she hoped for an opportunity to watch , since the pilots ' precision and skill were so impressive . 
 pilots were a special breed , as she well knew . 
 peter had wanted to fly jets from the time he was in grade school , according to his mother . 
 she smiled sadly at the thought of her husband . 
 the pain of his loss remained sharp and-as always-ali hoped he had n't suffered . 
 there must have been a moment of sheer terror when he realized he would n't be able to recover . 
 she tried not to think of that . 
 trite as it sounded , she 'd learned that life does go on . 
 it had n't seemed possible in the beginning , when she 'd been blinded by her grief . 
 she was surprised to discover that everything continued as it had before . 
 classes were held in jazmine 's school ; the radio still played silly love songs . 
 people drove their cars and ate meals and bickered with each other . 
 ali had n't been able to understand how life as she 'd once known it could go on as though nothing had changed . 
 jazmine was in good hands . 
 shana would look after her well . 
 ali needed to reassure herself of that several times a day . 
 leaving her daughter had been traumatic , but for jazmine 's sake , ali had tried not to let her emotions show . 
 before she returned to san diego , they 'd talked , and ali had a heart-to-heart with shana , too . 
 she was still a little worried about shana , but once they 'd had a chance to really discuss the situation , ali accepted that this impulsive change in her sister 's life was probably the best thing she 'd done in years . 
 shana needed a fresh start . 
 the ice-cream parlor was charming and would undoubtedly be a big success . 
 jazmine had a bit of an attitude , but that would n't last long . 
 and it helped that adam was close by . 
 the biggest disappointment of her stay was that they had n't been able to reach him . 
 once he checked his messages , she knew he 'd get in touch with jazmine . 
 ali found her daughter 's suggestion that she marry adam downright amusing . 
 ali thought the world of her husband 's best friend , but there was no romantic spark on either side . 
 what was particularly interesting was the fact that jazmine seemed ready to discuss bringing another man into their lives . 
 despite that , ali had no intention of remarrying . 
 she had n't mentioned that to either her sister or jazmine because it sounded too melodramatic . 
 and both of them would argue with her . 
 but a man like peter only came around once in a lifetime , and she was n't pressing her luck . 
 if , by chance , she were to consider remarrying , she was determined not to fall in love with a navy man . 
 she 'd already had one navy husband and she was n't going to try for two . 
 ali had never removed her wedding band . 
 after all these years , that ring represented perhaps the most significant part of her life . 
 and although shipboard romances were strictly prohibited , it was a form of emotional protection , too . 
 as far as her shipmates knew , she was married and that was the impression she wanted to give . 
 after spending her shift in the sick bay checking supplies , ali went to the wardroom , where the officers dined . 
 two other women officers were in the room but their table was full and they seemed engrossed in conversation . 
 sitting alone at a corner table , she felt self-conscious , although she rather enjoyed watching the men and women as they chatted . 
 in a few weeks , she 'd probably be sitting with one of those groups . 
 life aboard a carrier was new to her , but eventually it would become familiar and even comfortable . 
 just as she was finishing her dinner , the group that included the other women was joined by commander dillon . 
 ali read his name tag as he walked past her table . 
 he acknowledged her with a stiff nod , which she returned . 
 from the reception he received , it was clear that he was well-liked and respected by his fellow officers . 
 she had no idea what his duty assignment might be . 
 without being obvious-at least she hoped she was n't - she studied dillon . 
 he was tall and lean with dark hair graying at the temples , which led her to believe he must be in his early to midforties . 
 his most striking feature was his intense blue eyes . 
 to her chagrin , she found herself looking at his ring finger and noticed it was bare . 
 not that it meant anything . 
 wedding rings were dangerous aboard ship , although she chose to wear hers . 
 more than once ali had seen fingers severed as a result of a wedding band caught in machinery . 
 as soon as she 'd finished her coffee , ali went back to her work space at the clinic and logged on to the internet to write shana and jazmine a short note . 
 her sister and daughter would be anxious to hear from her after her first full day at sea . 
 sent : may 19 from : chapter five the next few days were intense for shana . 
 she insisted on driving jazmine to school , and every morning she joined the long line of parents dropping off their kids at the grade school . 
 if jazmine appreciated her efforts to build a rapport between them , she gave no indication of it . 
 the most animation she 'd witnessed in the girl had been after monday 's lengthy telephone conversation with her uncle adam . 
 shana , her aunt , a blood relative , was simply shana , but adam kennedy , family friend , was uncle adam . 
 the uncle part was uttered with near-reverence . 
 okay , so she was jealous . 
 shana admitted it . 
 while she struggled to gain ground with her niece , jazmine droned on about this interloper . 
 tuesday afternoon , the school bus again let jazmine off in front of the ice-cream parlor . 
 her niece had dragged herself into the shop , as though it demanded all her energy just to open the door . 
 then she 'd slipped onto one of the barstools and lain her head on her folded arms . 
 wednesday afternoon , shana watched the school bus approach and the doors glide open . 
 sure enough , jazmine was there , but this time she leaped off the bus and hurried toward the restaurant . 
 shana stopped and stared . 
 no , it could n't be . 
 but it was . 
 jazmine had her backpack . 
 from the size and apparent weight of it , nothing seemed to be missing , either . 
 the instant jazmine stepped inside , shana blurted out , `` you 've got your backpack . '' 
 it probably would 've been better to keep her mouth shut and let jazmine tell her , but she 'd been too shocked . 
 `` i know . '' 
 jazmine dumped her backpack on the floor and hopped onto the barstool with a bugs bunny bounce , planting her elbows on the counter . 
 `` can i have some ice cream ? '' 
 taken aback , shana blinked . 
 `` who are you and what have you done with my niece ? '' 
 `` very funny . '' 
 shana laughed and reached for the ice-cream scoop . 
 `` cone or dish ? '' 
 `` dish . 
 make it two scoops . 
 bubblegum and strawberry . '' 
 she paused , her face momentarily serious . 
 `` oh-and thank you . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 bending over the freezer , shana rolled the hard ice cream into a generous ball . 
 `` well , '' she said when she could n't stand it any longer . 
 `` the least you can do is tell me what happened . '' 
 `` with what ? '' 
 jazmine asked , then giggled like the nine-year-old she was . 
 `` i do n't know if you noticed or not , but i was pretty upset monday afternoon . '' 
 `` really , '' shana said , playing dumb . 
 `` two girls cornered me in the playground . 
 one of them distracted me , and the other ran off with my backpack . '' 
 shana clenched her jaw , trying to hide her anger . 
 as jazmine 's legal guardian , she wanted these girls ' names and addresses . 
 she 'd personally see to it that they were marched into the principal 's office and reprimanded . 
 on second thought , their parents should be summoned to the school for a confrontation with the authorities . 
 perhaps it would be best to bring in the police , as well . 
 `` how 'd you get it back ? '' 
 shana had given up scooping ice cream . 
 looking more than a little pleased with herself , jazmine straightened her shoulders and grinned . 
 `` uncle adam told me i should talk to them . '' 
 was n't that brilliant . 
 had she been asked , shana would 've told jazmine the same thing . 
 `` he said i should tell them it was really unfortunate , but it did n't seem like we could be friends and i was hoping to get to know them . '' 
 this was uttered in the softest , sweetest tones shana had ever heard from the girl . 
 `` they fell for it ? '' 
 jazmine 's eyes widened . 
 `` i meant it . 
 at first i thought they were losers but they 're actually pretty cool . 
 i think they just wanted to see what i carried around with me . '' 
 frankly shana was curious herself . 
 `` once they looked inside , they were willing to give it back . '' 
 `` you 're not missing anything ? '' 
 jazmine shook her head . 
 `` great . '' 
 muttering under her breath , shana dipped the scoop into the blue bubblegum-flavored ice cream . 
 the bell above the door rang , but intent on her task , shana did n't raise her head . 
 `` i 'll have some of that myself , '' a male voice said . 
 `` uncle adam ! '' 
 jazmine shrieked . 
 her niece whirled around so fast she nearly fell off the stool . 
 hearing his name was all the incentive shana needed to glance up . 
 she did just in time to watch jazmine throw her arms around a man dressed casually in slacks and a shirt . 
 from the top of his military haircut to the bottom of his feet , this man was navy , with or without his uniform . 
 his arm was in a sling and he grimaced when jazmine grabbed hold of him but did n't discourage her hug . 
 from the near-hysterical happiness the girl displayed , a passing stranger might think shana had been holding jazmine hostage . 
 `` you must be ali 's sister , '' he said , smiling broadly at shana . 
 she forced a smile in return . 
 she 'd been prepared to dislike him on sight . 
 in fact , she 'd never even met him and was already jealous of the relationship he had with jazmine . 
 now he was standing right in front of her-and she found her tongue stuck to the roof of her mouth . 
 he seemed to be waiting for her to reply . 
 `` yes , hi , '' she said and dropped the metal scoop into the water container , sloshing liquid over the edges . 
 wiping her wet hand on her white apron , she managed another slight smile . 
 `` yes , i 'm ali 's sister . '' 
 on closer inspection , she saw that he was tall and apparently very fit . 
 some might find his looks appealing , but shana decided she did n't . 
 brad was just as tall and equally fit-from spending hours in a gym every week , no doubt admiring himself in all the mirrors . 
 adam 's hair was a deep chestnut shade , similar to her own . 
 no . 
 not chestnut , she decided next , nothing that distinguished . 
 his was plain brown . 
 he might 've been considered handsome if not for those small , beady eyes . 
 well , they were n't exactly small , more average , she supposed , trying to be as objective as she could . 
 he hugged jazmine and looked at shana and-no . 
 but he did . 
 he looked at shana and winked . 
 the man had the audacity to flirt with her . 
 it was outrageous . 
 this was the very man jazmine wanted her mother to marry . 
 the man whose praises she 'd sung for two full days until shana thought she 'd scream if she heard his name one more time . 
 `` i 'm adam kennedy . '' 
 he extended his free right hand . 
 she offered her left hand because it was dry and nodded politely . 
 `` you mean uncle adam . '' 
 she hoped he caught the sarcastic inflection in her voice . 
 he grinned as if he knew how much that irritated her . 
 okay , now she had to admit it . 
 when he smiled he was n't ordinary-looking at all . 
 in fact , some women-not her , but others who were less jaded-might even be attracted to him . 
 that she could even entertain the remote possibility of finding a man attractive was upsetting . 
 was n't it only a few days ago that she 'd declared to her sister that she was completely and utterly off men ? 
 and now here she was , feeling all shaky inside and acting like a girl closer to jazmine 's age than her own . 
 this was pathetic . 
 in an attempt to cover her reaction , shana handed jazmine the bowl of ice cream with its two heaping scoops . 
 `` uncle adam wants one , too , '' jazmine said excitedly , and then turned to him . 
 `` what happened to your arm ? '' 
 she asked , her eyes wide with concern . 
 `` did you break it ? '' 
 `` nothing as dramatic as that , '' he said , elevating the arm , which was tucked protectively in a sling . 
 `` i had a problem with my shoulder , but that 's been taken care of now . '' 
 jazmine did n't seem convinced . 
 `` you 're going to be all right , are n't you ? '' 
 `` i 'll be fine before you know it . '' 
 `` good , '' jazmine said ; she seemed reassured now . 
 taking adam by the hand , she led him across the restaurant to a booth . 
 shana could hear jazmine whispering up a storm , but hard as she strained , she could n't hear what was being said . 
 working as fast as her arm muscles would allow , she hurriedly dished up a second bowl of ice cream . 
 when she 'd bought this business , no one had mentioned how hard ice cream could be . 
 she was developing some impressive biceps . 
 she smiled as she carried the second dish over to their booth and hoped he enjoyed the bright teal-blue bubblegum ice cream . 
 after she 'd set it down in front of him , she waited . 
 she was n't sure why she was lingering . 
 jazmine beamed with joy . 
 seeing her niece this happy about anything made shana feel a pang of regret . 
 doing her best to swallow her pride , she continued to stand there , unable to think of a thing to say . 
 her niece glanced up as if noticing her for the first time . 
 `` i was telling uncle adam about my backpack . 
 he 's the one who said those other girls just wanted to be friends . 
 i did n't believe him , but he was right . '' 
 `` yes , he was . '' 
 shana might have been able to fade into the background then if adam had n't chosen that moment to turn and smile at her . 
 ignoring him would be easy if only he 'd stop smiling , dammit . 
 `` the girls gave it back ? '' 
 adam 's gaze returned to jazmine . 
 her niece nodded . 
 `` madison asked me to sit next to her at lunch today and i did . '' 
 adam reached across the table and the two exchanged a high five . 
 `` that 's great ! '' 
 `` can i get you anything else ? '' 
 shana asked , feeling like a third wheel . 
 these two apparently had a lot to discuss , and no one needed to tell her she was in the way . 
 besides , she had a business to run . 
 several customers had come in ; at the moment they were studying the list of ice-cream flavors but she 'd have to attend to them soon . 
 `` nothing , thanks . '' 
 he dipped his plastic spoon into the ice cream . 
 then , without giving her any warning , he looked at shana again and their eyes met . 
 shana felt the breath freeze in her lungs . 
 he seemed to really see her , and something about her seemed to catch him unawares . 
 his brow wrinkled as though he was sure he knew her from somewhere else , but could n't place her . 
 `` how long can you stay ? '' 
 her niece asked . 
 adam turned his attention back to jazmine . 
 shana waited , curious to know the answer herself . 
 `` just a couple of hours . '' 
 `` two hours ! '' 
 jazmine did n't bother to hide her disappointment . 
 `` i 've got to get back to base for a meeting . '' 
 `` right , '' shana said , diving into the conversation . 
 `` he has to go back to everett . 
 we would n't want to detain him , now would we ? '' 
 she did n't mean to sound so pleased about sending him on his way , but she wanted him out of there . 
 shana disliked how he made her feel-as if ... as if she was on the brink of some important personal discovery . 
 like she 'd told her sister , she was off men . 
 for good . 
 okay , for a year . 
 it would take that long to get brad out of her system , she figured . 
 now , all of a sudden , there was this man , this uncle adam , whose smiles made her feel hot , then cold . 
 that was n't a good sensation for her to be having . 
 it contradicted everything she 'd been saying-and it made her uncomfortable . 
 `` i 'll stop by again soon , '' adam promised , looking directly at her as he said it . 
 `` i want to know what happened to your arm , '' jazmine insisted . 
 `` surgery . '' 
 `` does mom know ? '' 
 adam shook his head . 
 `` she 's got enough on her plate without worrying about me . '' 
 `` you 've talked to her ? '' 
 shana demanded . 
 she forgot that she was pretending not to listen to their conversation . 
 catherine , the woman who worked part-time , arrived then and immediately began taking orders while shana handled the cash register . 
 adam shifted toward her . 
 `` she e-mailed me . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 embarrassed , shana glanced away . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` i wish the base were closer , '' jazmine muttered . 
 `` everett is n't that far and with light duty , i 'll have more time to spend with you . '' 
 `` exactly how soon do you have to leave this afternoon ? '' 
 jazmine pressed . 
 `` could n't you please , please have your meeting tomorrow ? '' 
 this kid was n't easily put off , shana thought . 
 while she was more than ready to usher adam kennedy out the door , her niece was practically begging him to stay . 
 `` it 's not really up to me . 
 i 've got to go soon , but i 'll visit as often as i can . '' 
 `` he 's busy , i 'm sure , '' shana said before his words sank into her consciousness . 
 he 'd be back ... often . 
 in other words , she 'd better get used to having him around , and judging by that smirk , he intended to smile at her some more . 
 oh , great . 
 `` as often as you can ? '' 
 jazz repeated . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` i 'll make sure i 'm here at least once a week to check up on my favorite girl . '' 
 instead of shouting with happiness , jazmine hung her head . 
 `` only once a week ? '' 
 once a week ? 
 that often ? 
 shana 's reaction was just the opposite . 
 as far as she was concerned , weekly visits were far too frequent . 
 ali 's little sister seemed oversensitive , adam observed with some amusement as shana returned to the ice-cream counter . 
 that was n't the only thing he 'd noticed , either . 
 she was beautiful with classic features , dark hair and eyes and a face he found utterly appealing . 
 ali was a beautiful woman , too , but in a completely different way . 
 although both had dark brown hair and eyes , the resemblance stopped there . 
 shana was the taller of the two and model-thin , whereas ali had more flesh on her . 
 if he were ever to say that out loud , she 'd no doubt be insulted , but it was the truth . 
 ali was n't overweight by any means , just rounded in all the right places . 
 in his opinion , the little sister could stand to gain a few pounds . 
 he was n't sure why he was concentrating on the physical , because his reaction to shana was much more complex than that . 
 he was attracted to her . 
 period . 
 he liked what he saw and he liked what he did n't see-what he sensed about her . 
 attraction was indefinable , more about the sum of a person than his or her parts . 
 people called it chemistry , sparks , magic , all sorts of vague things . 
 but whatever you called it , the attraction was obviously there . 
 something else was obvious . 
 she felt it , too . 
 and she did n't want to . 
 in fact , she seemed determined to make sure he knew that . 
 he did n't go around ravishing young women , willing or unwilling , but he definitely got a kick out of her reaction to him . 
 he could n't keep from grinning as he headed into the heavy freeway traffic on i-5 north . 
 on second thought , he might be overreacting . 
 perhaps it was all those musings about his lack of female companionship following his release from the hospital . 
 pain could do that to a man . 
 maybe he was wrong about shana 's interest in him ; maybe he 'd simply been projecting his own attraction and-damn , this was getting much too complicated . 
 that same evening , when adam logged on to the internet , he discovered two messages from ali . 
 in the first , she was eager to know if he 'd made contact with jazmine ; in the other , she asked if he 'd be able to give her sister a break now and then . 
 he immediately e-mailed back that he 'd seen jazz and everything seemed to be fine with her and shana . 
 he also said he 'd visit as often as he could . 
 several questions regarding shana went through his mind , but he did n't ask them , not wanting ali to get the wrong impression . 
 he also feared she 'd relay his interest to her sister-and he just was n't ready for that . 
 an hour later , his phone rang . 
 it was jazmine , who spoke in a whisper . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` in the closet . '' 
 she was still whispering . 
 `` what 's the problem ? '' 
 so jazmine wanted to talk to him without her aunt listening in . 
 interesting . 
 `` i hate it here and-oh , uncle adam , it 's just so good to see someone i know . '' 
 adam wished he could be there to wrap his arm around the girl 's thin shoulders . 
 `` it 'll get better . '' 
 he did n't mean to sound trite , but he could n't come up with anything else to say . 
 `` did n't you tell me you 'd made friends with those two girls who took your backpack ? '' 
 `` yeah , i guess , but it is n't like california . 
 seattle is n't like anyplace i 've been . 
 i miss my mom and ... i just do n't like it here . '' 
 `` i feel that way whenever i 've got a new duty assignment , '' he said , wanting to comfort her and not knowing how . 
 `` i 'm in a new work environment myself and to be honest i 'd much rather be in hawaii . 
 it 's the perfect duty station . 
 but you do get used to wherever you are , jazz ... '' `` i just want to be with my mom , '' jazmine said , sounding small and sad . 
 `` i would n't care where it was . '' 
 `` are you getting along with your aunt ? '' 
 jazmine hesitated . 
 `` she tries , and i appreciate everything she does , i really do , but she does n't know that much about kids . '' 
 as if she felt bad about criticizing her aunt , the girl added , `` it 's not as bad as it was on monday , but ... '' adam wanted to continue asking questions about shana , but he preferred not to be obvious about it . 
 `` she seems nice . '' 
 `` she is , but she 's got issues , you know . '' 
 it was difficult for adam not to laugh outright at jazmine 's solemn tone . 
 `` what kind of issues ? '' 
 he asked gravely . 
 jazmine snickered . 
 `` where would you like me to start ? 
 she has this old boyfriend that she dumped or he dumped her-i do n't know which-but she wo n't even say his name . 
 i heard her talking to mom , and every time she got close to mentioning his name , she called him that-man-i-used-to-date . 
 is that ridiculous or what ? '' 
 adam murmured a noncommittal reply . 
 `` that 's not all . 
 shana used to have a regular job , a really good one for a drug company . 
 mom said she made fabulous money , but she quit after she broke up with this guy . 
 then she bought the ice-cream parlor . 
 she does n't know a thing about ice cream or pizza or anything else . '' 
 still , adam had to admire her entrepreneurial spirit . 
 `` she seems to be doing all right . '' 
 `` that 's only because she phones the former owners ten times a day , and i 'm not exaggerating . 
 she finally figured out she ca n't do everything on her own and she hired a lady to come in during the afternoons to help her . 
 i 'm only nine-going-on-ten , and i figured that out before she did . '' 
 jazmine stopped abruptly , as if something had just occurred to her . 
 `` you 're not attracted to her or anything , are you ? '' 
 adam relaxed in his chair and crossed his ankles . 
 `` well ... i think she 's kinda cute . '' 
 `` no , no , no ! '' 
 jazmine said , more loudly this time . 
 `` i was afraid this would happen . 
 this is terrible ! '' 
 adam loved the theatrics . 
 `` what is ? '' 
 `` shana , '' jazmine cried as if it should all be perfectly logical . 
 `` what about mom ? 
 if you 're going to fall in love with anyone , make it my mom . 
 she needs you , and you 'd be a great stepdad . '' 
 `` jazmine , '' he said , the amusement suddenly gone . 
 `` i think the world of your mother . 
 she 's a wonderful woman , and i love her dearly , but - '' he had no idea how to put this without upsetting her . 
 `` your mother and i , well ... '' `` you love her like a sister , '' jazmine finished for him . 
 she sounded resigned and not particularly surprised . 
 adam almost wished he could fall in love with ali . 
 perhaps if he 'd met her before peter did , things would 've been different . 
 but he had n't , and now it was impossible to think of ali in any other way . 
 `` that 's pretty astute of you , '' he said . 
 `` what 's astute ? '' 
 `` smart . '' 
 jazmine sighed heavily . 
 `` not really . 
 i said something about you to mom , and what she said is she loves you like a brother . '' 
 so it was a mutual feeling , which was a relief . 
 `` did your mother tell you she was ready for another relationship ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i think she is , '' jazmine replied after a thoughtful moment . 
 `` but i do n't know if she knows it . '' 
 she hesitated , and he could almost see her frown of concentration . 
 `` mom 's been different the last few months . '' 
 she seemed to be analyzing the situation as she spoke . 
 `` she 's less sad , '' jazmine went on . 
 `` we talk about dad a lot , and mom laughs now and she 's willing to do things and go places again . 
 i guess someone mentioned that to the navy , because they decided to give her sea duty . '' 
 `` i 'm grateful your mother 's feeling better about life . 
 when the time 's right , she 'll meet someone special enough to be your stepdad . '' 
 `` but it wo n't be you . '' 
 adam heard the sadness in her voice and regretted it . 
 `` it wo n't be me , '' he said quietly . 
 `` you are attracted to shana though , right ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 that was all he 'd admit . 
 he found himself wondering about the man shana had recently dumped or been dumped by . 
 `` so this guy she used to go out with - '' `` they were engaged , i think , but she wo n't talk about it . '' 
 there was a pause . 
 `` she did n't get a ring , though . '' 
 engaged ? 
 even an unofficial engagement suggested this had been a serious and probably long-term relationship . 
 which could explain why shana had seemed so skittish . 
 `` are you gon na ask her out , uncle adam ? '' 
 adam was n't prepared to make that much of a commitment , not yet , anyway . 
 `` uh , we 'll see . '' 
 `` i think she 'd say yes , '' jazmine said brightly . 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 some women seem to need a man in their lives , but ... '' his voice trailed off ; he was n't sure how to complete that thought . 
 jazmine muttered a comment he could n't hear . 
 `` pardon ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` just remember , she 's got issues-lots and lots of issues . '' 
 adam managed to stifle a chuckle . 
 `` i 'll do my best to keep that in mind . 
 listen , jazz , do you feel okay now ? '' 
 `` yeah ... i guess i should come out before shana finds me in here . 
 oh ! '' 
 that small cry was followed by some muffled words , but he caught the drift of what was happening . 
 shana had just discovered where jazmine had taken the phone . 
 chapter six `` you do n't like him , do you ? '' 
 jazmine asked the next day as they drove home from the restaurant . 
 she sat next to shana with her arms defiantly crossed . 
 shana knew better than to pretend she did n't understand that her niece was referring to lieutenant commander adam kennedy . 
 `` i think your uncle adam is ... nice . '' 
 the word was lame and the hesitation was long , which gave jazmine cause to look at shana intently . 
 but really , what else could she say ? 
 her unexpected attraction to this man had completely overwhelmed her . 
 she could only hope it passed quickly . 
 how could she be devastated by her breakup with brad and at the same time , experience all the symptoms of extreme attraction toward another man ? 
 a man she 'd met for about five minutes and been determined to dislike on sight . 
 `` he 's really cute , too . '' 
 jazmine seemed to feel obliged to remind her of this . 
 as if shana needed a reminder . 
 `` he is , is n't he ? '' 
 jazmine challenged . 
 `` all right , he 's cute . '' 
 the words nearly stuck in her throat , but with no small effort , shana managed to get them out . 
 she did n't know why jazmine was so insistent . 
 the girl seemed to think she had a point to prove , and she was n't letting up until she got shana to confess she was interested in adam kennedy . 
 she was n't , of course . 
 okay , she was , but that was as far as it went . 
 in other words , if he asked her out , which he would n't , she 'd refuse . 
 well , she might consider it briefly , but the answer would still be no . 
 jazmine was suspiciously quiet for several minutes and then gave a soft laugh . 
 `` i bet you 're hot on him . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 shana nearly swallowed her tongue . 
 the last thing she needed was jazmine telling adam this . 
 `` no way , '' she denied vehemently . 
 she could only pray that was n't what jazz had said to adam in the closet . 
 one glance told her jazmine did n't buy her denial . 
 she should n't have bothered to lie . 
 `` you 're saying that because of your old boyfriend , are n't you ? '' 
 `` absolutely not , '' shana protested . 
 she stepped hard on the brake at a stop sign she 'd almost missed , jerking them both forward . 
 thank goodness for seat belts . 
 glaring at her niece , she asked , `` who told you that ? '' 
 jazmine blinked wide eyes at shana . 
 `` i overheard my mom talking to you . 
 i was n't listening in on your conversation , either , if that 's what you 're thinking . 
 i tried to find out from mom , but all she 'd tell me was that your heart was broken , and that 's why you moved to seattle . '' 
 shana was too tired to argue and too emotionally drained to be upset with her sister . 
 if ali had told jazmine about brad , then it was because she felt jazmine needed to know . 
 `` i 'm completely over brad . 
 i 'm so over him it 's hard to remember why i even got involved with him . '' 
 the words had begun to sound like a worn-out litany . 
 `` brad , '' jazmine said , and seemed satisfied now that she knew his name . 
 shana struggled to hide her reaction . 
 even the mention of brad 's name irritated her . 
 she might have worked the last twelve hours straight , and on her feet at that , but she had enough energy left to maintain her outrage toward brad . 
 still , she would 've preferred never to talk about him-or hear about him-ever again . 
 `` you still have a heart , though , '' jazmine pressed . 
 `` right ? '' 
 `` of course i have a heart . '' 
 shana did n't know where this was leading and she did n't care , as long as it did n't end up on the subject of adam kennedy . 
 `` that 's why you 're so hot on my uncle adam . '' 
 darn . 
 `` i am not hot on your uncle adam . '' 
 `` are too . '' 
 `` am not . '' 
 `` are too . '' 
 `` jazmine ! '' 
 her niece laughed and despite her irritation , shana smiled . 
 this was not a conversation she wanted to have , but she 'd walked right into it and was determined to extricate herself as gracefully as possible . 
 `` do n't get me wrong , '' she said in conciliatory tones . 
 `` i think he 's a very nice man , but i do n't want to get involved with anyone at the moment . 
 understand ? '' 
 jazmine bit her lower lip , as if she wanted to argue , but apparently changed her mind . 
 `` for how long ? '' 
 shana decided to nip this question in the bud . 
 `` forever . '' 
 `` that long ? '' 
 jazmine threw her a crushed look . 
 `` you do n't want children ? 
 that means i 'll never have cousins ! '' 
 `` okay , months and months , then . '' 
 at this point shana was ready to agree to just about anything . 
 `` months , '' jazmine repeated . 
 she seemed to accept that-or at any rate ventured no further argument . 
 shana parked in front of her house , grateful to be home . 
 `` you know what ? 
 i do n't want to cook . 
 do you have any suggestions ? '' 
 `` i can open a can of chili , '' jazmine said . 
 `` i 'm not very hungry . '' 
 shana was n't all that hungry , either . 
 `` sounds like a perfectly good dinner to me . '' 
 `` let me do it , okay ? '' 
 `` thanks , jazz . '' 
 shana had no intention of turning down this generous offer . 
 `` fabulous . '' 
 then considering her role as guardian , she felt obliged to ask , `` do you have any homework ? '' 
 `` a little . '' 
 now came the dilemma . 
 a really good substitute mother would tell jazmine to forget dinner ; shana would rustle up a decent meal while the kid did her schoolwork . 
 a woman of character would insist on opening that can of chili herself . 
 but not one with tired feet and the start of a throbbing headache , brought on by all this talk about adam kennedy . 
 once inside the house , shana left the front door open to create a cooling breeze . 
 she lay back on the sofa and elevated her feet . 
 it was little wonder the olsens had been ready to sell their restaurant . 
 this was hard work . 
 for part of each day , shana had her face buried in three-gallon containers of ice cream . 
 her nose felt like she was suffering from permanent frostbite . 
 jazmine immediately went into the kitchen and started shuffling pans , clanking one against the other . 
 `` do you need any help ? '' 
 shana felt she had to ask , but the question was halfhearted , to say the least . 
 `` no , thanks . '' 
 `` this is really very sweet of you . '' 
 jazmine grumbled a reply and shana realized she 'd failed again . 
 a kid like jazmine , who wore ankle-high tennis shoes to school , did n't take kindly to the word sweet . 
 sooner or later , shana would need to develop a more appropriate vocabulary . 
 later , she decided . 
 a good ten minutes passed and if not for the sounds coming from the kitchen , shana would be napping by now . 
 her head rested against the cushion , her feet were propped up and all was well . 
 for the first time since she 'd arrived , jazmine was talking freely with her . 
 she was n't sure whether she should credit adam kennedy with this improvement or not . 
 she 'd rather think she was making strides in her relationship with her niece due to her own efforts . 
 `` uncle adam says you need a man in your life . '' 
 her peace shattered , and shana 's eyes sprang open . 
 she sat up , swung around and dropped her feet to the floor . 
 `` what did you just say ? '' 
 jazmine appeared in the doorway between the kitchen and the living room , wearing a chagrined expression . 
 `` i. . . 
 uncle adam said you 're the kind of woman who needs a man in her life . '' 
 that did it . 
 she 'd utterly humiliated herself in front of him , and he thought ... he assumed she was making some kind of play for him . 
 this was the worst possible scenario . 
 `` shana ? '' 
 jazmine whispered . 
 `` you look mad . '' 
 she wondered if the smoke coming out of her ears was any indication . 
 `` that 's ludicrous ! '' 
 `` i 'm pretty sure he meant it as a compliment . '' 
 shana doubted it , but gave her niece credit for some fast backtracking . 
 `` he thinks you 're beautiful . '' 
 he did ? 
 although it should n't have mattered , his comment gave shana pause . 
 `` he said that ? '' 
 jazmine hesitated . 
 `` well , not exactly . '' 
 okay , then . 
 `` listen , it 's not a good idea for us to talk about your uncle adam right now . '' 
 when she saw him next , she 'd have plenty to say , though . 
 `` you do n't want to talk about him ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 the kid was catching on fast . 
 `` you do n't want to talk about brad , either . '' 
 right again . 
 `` you could say men are n't my favorite topic at the moment . '' 
 `` i guess not , '' jazmine said pensively . 
 `` i wo n't mention either of them if that 's what you want . '' 
 `` i want . '' 
 her serenity gone , shana gave up the idea of resting and joined jazmine in the kitchen . 
 her niece 's backpack was propped against the kitchen chair ; she seemed to keep it close at all times . 
 despite her intentions to the contrary , shana gave the sexy lieutenant commander plenty of thought . 
 what she had to do was keep her distance . 
 she would be polite and accommodating if he wanted to spend time with jazmine , but other than that , she 'd be cool and remote . 
 never again would she allow him the opportunity to suggest that she needed a man-least of all him . 
 jazmine stirred the chili with her back to shana . 
 `` i probably should n't have said anything . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . '' 
 shana was eager to drop the subject . 
 `` you 're not mad , are you ? '' 
 `` not anymore , '' shana assured her . 
 `` you look mad . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' she said . 
 `` are too . '' 
 `` am not . '' 
 `` are too . '' 
 `` am not . '' 
 they both broke out laughing . 
 obviously jazz remembered that this childish interchange had amused her earlier , and she was n't above repeating it . 
 shana had to admit it felt good to laugh with her niece ; it was almost like having her sister there . 
 jazmine was a petite version of ali and after she 'd lowered her guard , they got along well . 
 shana wondered if she should clarify her position in case adam asked jazmine about her again or made some other ridiculous statement . 
 no , she decided . 
 she 'd enlighten him herself . 
 `` you know you 're not getting any younger , '' jazmine said out of the blue . 
 once shana got over her shock , she had to acknowledge that the kid was ruthless in achieving her goals . 
 she went directly for the jugular . 
 but shana kept her response light . 
 `` after a day like this one , that 's certainly true . '' 
 on saturday morning , jazmine agreed to come down to the ice-cream parlor with her . 
 in fact , shana had no choice but to bring her . 
 catherine , her employee , would n't be in until that afternoon . 
 at this point catherine was only part-time , but with the summer traffic , business was picking up and she 'd need a second part-time employee . 
 as the season progressed and the parlor was open later in the evening , she 'd add more staff . 
 the olsens had told her that her biggest expense would be the staff payroll and warned her not to hire more people than she needed . 
 shana had taken their words to heart , doing as much as she could herself . 
 `` can i bring my rollerblades ? '' 
 jazmine asked , standing in the doorway of her bedroom . 
 `` sure . '' 
 shana hated the thought of jazmine hanging around the restaurant all day with nothing to do . 
 since lincoln park was directly across the street , there 'd be plenty of paved sidewalks for her to skate . 
 it would be a good opportunity to meet other girls her age , too . 
 by noon the parlor was crowded . 
 shana worked the pizza side and catherine , a grandmotherly woman in her early sixties , dealt with the ice-cream orders . 
 catherine had been recommended by the olsens and was great with kids . 
 shana had already learned a lot from her . 
 a young red-haired man with two children about three and five came in and ordered a vegetarian pizza and sodas . 
 while shana assembled the pizza , she watched the man with his kids , admiring the way he entertained them with inventive games . 
 jazmine rolled into the parlor , stopped to take off her skates and before long was deep in conversation with the father and his two kids . 
 shana could n't hear what was being said , but she saw the man glance in her direction and nod . 
 a couple of minutes later , jazmine joined shana in the kitchen , which was open to the main part of the restaurant . 
 `` hi , '' shana said , sliding the hot pizza from the oven onto the metal pan . 
 as she sliced it , the scent of the tomato sauce and cheese and oregano wafted toward her . 
 `` he 's single . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 shana asked distractedly as she set the pizza on the counter . 
 `` do you want to take this out to the guy with the kids ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` can i ? '' 
 jazmine beamed at being asked to help out . 
 her niece carefully carried the pizza to the table and brought extra napkins . 
 she chatted with the man and his children for a few more minutes , then hurried back to shana , who was busy preparing additional pizzas . 
 `` he asked me to introduce you . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 jazmine 's eyes widened with impatience . 
 `` i was telling you earlier . 
 he 's divorced and he wants to meet you . '' 
 `` who ? 
 the guy over there with the kids ? '' 
 `` do you see any other guy in here ? '' 
 the restaurant had any number of patrons at the moment , but the young father was the only man-and the only customer looking in her direction . 
 he saluted her with a pizza slice . 
 flustered , shana whirled around and glared at jazmine . 
 `` exactly what did you say to him ? '' 
 `` me ? 
 i did n't say anything-well , i did mention that you broke up with brad , but that was only because he asked . 
 he said he 's been in here before . '' 
 shana did n't remember him . 
 `` i told him that my uncle adam said you 're the kind of woman who needs a man in your life . '' 
 shana 's heart stopped . 
 `` you did n't ! '' 
 `` no . '' 
 jazmine hooted with laughter . 
 `` but i thought it would get a rise out of you . '' 
 the kid seemed to think she was being funny , but shana was n't laughing . 
 `` are you interested ? 
 because if you are , let 's go say hello to him . 
 if you 're not , it 's no big deal . '' 
 shana needed to think about this . 
 `` promise me you did n't tell him i 'm single . '' 
 `` i did , and i said you were looking for a husband , '' jazmine said gleefully . 
 `` you do n't mind , do you ? '' 
 shana felt the blood drain out of her face . 
 slowly turning her head , she saw the father still watching her . 
 she jerked around again and noticed that jazmine was grinning from ear to ear . 
 `` gotcha , '' she said and doubled over laughing . 
 shana was glad someone found her embarrassment amusing . 
 chapter seven jazmine had her nose pressed against the living room window early on sunday afternoon , waiting for her uncle adam . 
 he 'd phoned the previous monday , promising to take her out for the day . 
 he 'd mentioned the museum of glass in tacoma , where there was a large dale chihuly exhibit . 
 shana was almost as eager to see the lieutenant commander as her niece was , but for distinctly different reasons . 
 she had a thing or two she wanted to say ; he did n't know it yet , but the lieutenant commander was about to get an earful . 
 how dare he suggest she needed a man ! 
 every time she thought about it , her irritation grew-until she realized she could n't keep quiet for even one more day . 
 at twelve-forty-seven precisely , jazmine dashed away from the window and announced , `` he 's here ! '' 
 `` good . '' 
 shana resisted the urge to race outside and confront him then and there . 
 she 'd need to bide her time . 
 she 'd waited this long-ten whole days . 
 what was another five minutes ? 
 jazmine held the screen door open , swinging it wide in welcome . 
 `` you are n't late or anything , '' she boasted so eagerly it was endearing . 
 `` hiya , kiddo , '' adam greeted jazmine and gave her a big hug . 
 `` it 's good to see you . '' 
 `` you , too ! 
 it did n't seem like sunday would ever get here . '' 
 shana stepped forward , saying , `` hello , adam , '' in cool , level tones . 
 he grinned boyishly and for an instant shana faltered . 
 but no , she was n't about to let him dazzle her with one of his smiles . 
 not this time . 
 her defenses were up . 
 as far as she was concerned , he had some serious explaining to do . 
 still , she had to admit this guy was gorgeous . 
 well , gorgeous might be a slight exaggeration , but with those broad shoulders and the way his t-shirt fit snugly across his chest , she could n't very well ignore the obvious . 
 his arm was out of the sling now . 
 `` you 'd better grab a sweater , '' shana suggested and jazmine instantly flew out of the room , eager to comply so they could leave . 
 this was the minute shana had been waiting for . 
 `` it 's time you and i had a little talk , '' she said , crossing her arms . 
 `` sure , '' he said with another of those easy grins . 
 again she faltered , nearly swayed by his smile , but the effect did n't last . 
 `` i want you to know i did n't appreciate the comment you made about me being-and i quote - ` the kind of woman who needs a man . ' '' 
 to his credit , his gaze did n't waver . 
 `` jazmine told you that , did she ? '' 
 so it was true . 
 `` as a matter of fact , jazmine has repeated it any number of times . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 he glanced toward the bedroom door ; jazmine had n't come out yet . 
 shana sincerely hoped she 'd embarrassed him . 
 he deserved it . 
 `` i do n't know where you get off making comments like that but i have a few things to say to you . '' 
 `` go right ahead . '' 
 he gestured as though granting her permission to speak . 
 that must be how it was in the military , she thought . 
 these officers seemed to think they could say and do whatever they pleased-and they got to boss other people around . 
 well , shana was n't military and she felt no restraint in speaking her mind . 
 and she refused to call this guy by his title . 
 he was n't her commander . 
 `` are you married , mr. kennedy ? '' 
 she already knew the answer and did n't give him an opportunity to respond . 
 `` i believe not . 
 does being single make you feel in any way incomplete ? '' 
 again he was n't allowed to answer . 
 `` i thought not . 
 this might come as a shock to you , but i am perfectly content with my life as it is . 
 in other words , i do n't need a man and your insinuating that i do is an insult . '' 
 `` shana - '' `` i 'm not finished yet . '' 
 she held up her hand , cutting him off because she was just getting started . 
 before he left , she expected a full apology from adam kennedy . 
 `` by all means continue , '' he said , his pose relaxed . 
 his attitude annoyed her . 
 he acted as though he was indulging her , which shana found condescending . 
 `` since you 're single you must want a woman in your life . '' 
 she gave him the once-over . 
 `` in fact , you look like a man who needs a woman . '' 
 to her horror , adam simply laughed . 
 `` i was trying to make a point here , '' shana said in as dignified a tone as she could manage . 
 `` i know , '' he said and made an attempt to stifle his humor . 
 that only served to irritate her further . 
 `` never mind . 
 i can see my opinion is of little interest to you . '' 
 suddenly they both turned to see jazmine , who stood rooted in the bedroom doorway , a sweatshirt draped over her arm . 
 `` i should 've kept my mouth shut , right ? '' 
 she murmured apologetically . 
 `` i 'm afraid aunt shana might 've taken what you said the wrong way . '' 
 `` so i gathered . '' 
 he looked down , but shana saw that the corners of his mouth quivered . 
 `` shana 's right , you know , '' jazmine stated for adam 's benefit , as she moved toward them . 
 `` you do need someone special in your life . '' 
 adam 's smile disappeared . 
 aha ! 
 she wondered how he 'd feel being on the other side . 
 `` jazmine took your comments to heart , '' shana primly informed him . 
 `` she tried to match me up with a divorced father of two . '' 
 adam 's gaze shot to jazmine . 
 `` well ... it did n't work out-but i 'd be a good matchmaker . '' 
 as far as shana could tell , jazmine was completely serious . 
 that had to stop . 
 she certainly did n't need her niece dragging eligible bachelors into the pizza kitchen every chance she got . 
 `` he might 've been interested , too , '' jazmine added . 
 `` he seemed really nice . '' 
 `` i do n't need anyone 's help , thank you very much , '' shana insisted . 
 `` hold on , '' adam said , glancing from one to the other . 
 he motioned at jazmine . 
 `` go back to the beginning because i think i missed something . '' 
 `` i found out he was single and i told him my aunt was , too , but that was all i did . 
 she would n't let me introduce her . '' 
 `` this is entirely your fault . '' 
 shana felt it was important that adam understand it was his comment that had begun this whole awkward situation . 
 `` you 're finished with brad , '' jazmine reminded her . 
 she turned to adam and added , `` he 's the guy previously known as the-man-i-used-to-date . 
 sort of like prince . 
 that 's what mom said , anyway . '' 
 adam burst out laughing . 
 `` there is a point to this , is n't there ? '' 
 shana asked her niece . 
 jazmine nodded and threw one fist in the air . 
 `` get out there , aunt shana ! 
 live a little . '' 
 adam laughed even more . 
 `` you think this is funny , do n't you ? '' 
 shana muttered . 
 he would n't find it nearly as funny when jazmine was busy selling his attractions to single women in the museum . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 but he did n't look it . 
 for her niece 's sake , she resisted rolling her eyes . 
 `` i think it 's time we cleared up this misunderstanding , '' he said and gestured toward the sofa . 
 `` why do n't we all sit down for a moment ? '' 
 shana did n't take a seat until adam and jazmine had already made themselves comfortable on the sofa . 
 to her chagrin , adam smiled patiently as if explaining the situation to a child . 
 `` i 'm afraid jazmine read more into my comment than i intended , '' he began . 
 `` what i said was that some women seem to need a man in their lives . 
 i was n't talking about you . 
 although , of course , any man in his right mind would be attracted to you . 
 you 're a beautiful woman . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 it would be convenient if shana could magically disappear about now , but that was not to be . 
 `` i see . 
 well , in that case , i wo n't hold you up any longer . '' 
 she sprang to her feet , eager to get them both out the door before she dissolved into a puddle at his feet . 
 `` i-that 's a very nice thing to say ... '' she stared at her watch . 
 adam took the hint and stood , and jazmine rose with him . 
 `` is there any special time you want her back this evening ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no ... anytime is fine , '' she said , then quickly reconsidered . 
 `` on second thought , jazmine has school tomorrow so she should n't be out too late . '' 
 `` i 'll have her here by seven . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 shana waited by the door as they left , her heart going a little crazy as she tried to regain her composure . 
 `` bye , aunt shana . '' 
 `` bye . '' 
 she closed the door . 
 she 'd hoped to put the mighty naval officer in his place and all she 'd managed to do was amuse him . 
 depressed , shana sank into the closest chair and hid her face in her hands-until she realized something . 
 for the first time since jazmine had arrived , she 'd called her aunt shana . 
 twice . 
 apparently her status had been sufficiently elevated that the nine-year-old was no longer ashamed to be related to her . 
 that , at least , was progress . 
 adam waited until they 'd almost reached tacoma before he mentioned the scene at shana 's . 
 jazmine had barely said a word from the moment they 'd left . 
 now and then she glanced in his direction , as if she was afraid he was upset , but really he had no one to blame but himself . 
 he did know women who were lost without a relationship , although he did n't think shana was like that . 
 intentionally or not , jazz had misunderstood his remark and used it for her own purposes . 
 `` you really did it this time , '' he murmured . 
 `` are you mad ? '' 
 `` no , but your aunt was . '' 
 `` i know , but do n't you be mad , okay ? '' 
 `` i should n't have said anything . 
 you and i should not have been discussing male-female relationships . '' 
 `` did you mean what you said about my aunt being beautiful and all that ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 this was only the second time he 'd seen shana ; again , he 'd come away wanting to know her better . 
 he might have ruined any chance of that , but he hoped not . 
 when he 'd started out from everett , he 'd considered inviting shana to join them . 
 but it had n't taken him long to decide that today probably was n't opportune . 
 `` what i told your aunt is the truth . 
 she is a beautiful woman , '' he said casually as he headed south on the interstate . 
 `` she likes you . '' 
 adam chuckled . 
 `` no , i 'm serious . 
 she 's got the hots for you . 
 i can tell . '' 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 back to reality . 
 shana might be attracted to him , but she 'd never admit that now . 
 `` i know so ! '' 
 `` jazmine , listen ... '' `` okay , but can i say what i want to first ? '' 
 apparently she was taking lessons from her aunt shana . 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` i was thinking about what you said-about not feeling sparks with mom . 
 but i thought you might with aunt shana . '' 
 `` jazmine , you 're far too interested in matters that are none of your concern . 
 how do you know about this stuff , anyway ? 
 mtv ? '' 
 she groaned . 
 `` why do adults always say things like that ? '' 
 `` because they 're true . '' 
 `` all i want is for you to marry her and be happy . '' 
 `` uh ... '' `` has the cat got your tongue ? '' 
 jazmine teased . 
 `` adults say that , too . 
 no , really , i am serious . 
 if you married my aunt shana , everything would be perfect . 
 she needs a husband and you need a wife . '' 
 `` i do n't need a wife , '' he argued . 
 `` and it 's none of - '' `` but you 'd like to be married one day , would n't you ? '' 
 she broke in . 
 `` yes , '' he said reluctantly . 
 he 'd had the very same thought just recently , but he 'd credited that to feeling sorry for himself after the surgery . 
 granted , shana was attractive but he did n't need a nine-year-old playing matchmaker . 
 although ... he smiled involuntarily . 
 shana appealed to him , and he was more and more inclined to pursue the relationship . 
 on his own schedule and in his own way . 
 `` i can help , '' jazmine offered . 
 `` it would be best if you left this between your aunt and me . 
 agreed ? '' 
 after a moment , jazmine nodded . 
 `` agreed . '' 
 `` good , now let 's have a wonderful day , all right ? '' 
 jazmine turned a smile of pure joy on him . 
 `` all right . '' 
 a surprise awaited him when they arrived at the museum of glass . 
 the dale chihuly exhibit was in the tacoma art museum and union station , not in the nearby museum of glass . 
 jazmine and adam took the guided walking tour of his permanent display and were awestruck by the bridge of glass . 
 the five-hundred-foot pedestrian bridge linked the tacoma waterfront to pacific avenue . 
 originally adam had gotten information about chihuly over the internet when he was researching a destination for today 's outing . 
 chihuly was known for his massive glass installations , but the man 's talent was even more impressive than adam had realized . 
 both he and jazmine loved his vibrant use of color and unique style . 
 following the walking tour , they stopped at the museum of glass . 
 adam was in for a surprise there , too . 
 the museum was huge : it contained thirteen thousand square feet of open exhibition space . 
 jazmine was enthralled by the hot shop amphitheater , which was the building 's most striking feature . 
 cone-shaped , it leaned at a seventeen-degree angle , and was ninety feet high and a hundred feet wide . 
 the theater included a glass studio where a team of artists blew and cast glass . 
 afterward , adam and jazmine ate sandwiches in the museum cafe and visited the gift shop . 
 when adam had suggested this , it had seemed like an entertaining thing to do , but he 'd quickly become caught up in the excitement and drama of watching the artists work . 
 by the end of the afternoon , he needed a break , and sat with a cup of coffee while jazmine leafed through a book he 'd bought her . 
 before they left , jazmine bought a postcard of the dale chihuly glass flowers displayed on the ceiling of a las vegas casino to send her mother . 
 `` are you ready to go back to your aunt 's ? '' 
 he asked , sipping his coffee . 
 `` i guess , '' jazmine said . 
 `` but only if you are . '' 
 adam recognized a trap when he saw one . 
 if he appeared too eager , little jazmine might suspect he wanted to see shana again . 
 he did , but he sure was n't going to admit it , especially to her . 
 chapter eight for shana , having an entire sunday to herself was sheer luxury . 
 catherine was working at the restaurant and this was the first day she 'd taken off since she 'd purchased the business . 
 shana intended to take full advantage of this gift of time . 
 working as many hours as she did , she 'd been putting off a number of tasks and spent two hours doing paperwork . 
 the olsens had trained her well in every aspect of owning a restaurant , but they 'd failed to warn her how much paperwork was involved . 
 getting everything organized was n't difficult but it was time-consuming . 
 after working all day and handling the closing in the evening , she was exhausted , and making sense of anything more than the remote control was beyond her . 
 once the paperwork was up-to-date , she polished her toenails , and between three loads of wash , she luxuriated in a new mystery she 'd been trying to read for weeks . 
 she 'd been reading at night in fits and starts , but could n't manage more than fifteen or twenty minutes at a time . 
 the author was one of her favorites but to shana 's surprise her mind kept wandering away from the page . 
 she supposed it was because she felt guilty about all the things she should be doing . 
 when she was n't fretting over that , her thoughts were on jazmine and adam . 
 she knew they were going to the museum of glass , but that could n't possibly take all afternoon . 
 well , maybe it could ; she did n't know . 
 finally shana gave up and shut the book . 
 this was adam kennedy 's fault . 
 even when he was nowhere in sight , he would n't leave her alone . 
 when she could stand it no longer , shana logged on to the computer and left her sister a message . 
 sent : sunday , june 12 from : `` not really . 
 i just thought he might like to ... visit for a few minutes . '' 
 actually , after the way she 'd torn into him on his arrival , she did n't blame him for avoiding her . 
 `` we should probably have a little talk , '' shana said , slipping an arm around jazmine 's shoulders . 
 her niece stiffened . 
 `` i have a feeling this is the same little talk uncle adam and i had , only now it 's going to be the aunt shana version . '' 
 her interest was instantly piqued . 
 `` really ? 
 and what did adam have to say ? '' 
 jazmine gave a long-suffering sigh . 
 `` that it would be a good idea if i left the two of you alone . '' 
 `` he 's right . '' 
 shana was grateful adam had taken it upon himself to explain this . 
 jazmine would accept it more readily coming from him . 
 `` he also said i 'm concerning myself with matters that are n't any of my business . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 obviously adam had been very forthright during his version of the `` little talk . '' 
 `` i promised him i would n't try matching you up with other men . '' 
 `` i 'd appreciate that , '' shana said solemnly . 
 jazmine sighed again . 
 `` i would n't like it if you went around talking to boys about me . '' 
 that was exactly how shana had planned to approach the subject herself . 
 `` did adam make that comparison ? '' 
 her niece nodded . 
 `` he said it on the drive back . '' 
 `` he 's smarter than he looks , '' shana muttered . 
 then , because she felt her niece should know this , she added , `` a man and a woman can be friends without being romantically involved , jazmine . 
 it 's called a platonic relationship . '' 
 the phone rang then , and without waiting for a second ring , jazmine leaped like a gazelle into the other room . 
 she ripped the receiver off the wall . 
 `` hello , '' she said urgently . 
 `` no , she 's here , you have the right number . '' 
 jazmine held out the phone . 
 `` it 's for you . '' 
 shana started to ask who it was , but did n't . 
 taking the receiver , she raised it to her ear . 
 `` this is shana . '' 
 `` shana . 
 i ca n't tell you how wonderful it is to hear the sound of your voice . '' 
 for the first time in her life , shana 's knees felt as if they were about to buckle . 
 it was brad . 
 `` hello , brad , '' she said evenly , amazed at her ability to respond without emotion . 
 the man had guts ; she 'd say that for him . 
 `` how 'd you find me ? '' 
 she asked coolly . 
 `` it was n't easy . 
 it 's taken me weeks . '' 
 she supposed she should be complimented that he 'd made the effort , but she was n't . 
 `` i do n't mean to be rude , but there was a reason i kept my number unlisted . '' 
 `` the least you can do is listen to what i have to say , '' he told her . 
 `` everything 's been said . '' 
 `` but shana - '' `` there 's nothing more to say , '' she insisted . 
 `` at least give me your address . 
 i ca n't believe you 're living in washington . 
 did you get a transfer ? '' 
 `` that 's nothing to do with you . '' 
 jazmine was watching her carefully , eyes wide and quizzical as if she was hoping to memorize each word so she could repeat it . 
 `` i would prefer if you did n't phone me again . '' 
 shana was prepared to cut him off , but he stopped her , obviously guessing her intentions . 
 `` do n't hang up , '' he pleaded . 
 `` please , shana , just hear me out . '' 
 `` it wo n't do any good . '' 
 she 'd gone ramrod-straight , her resistance up . 
 she did n't even find this difficult , although she had to admit she was mildly curious as to why he 'd sought her out . 
 `` i do n't care . 
 i need to get this off my chest . 
 just promise me you 'll listen . '' 
 she did n't want to encourage him with a response . 
 he continued despite that . 
 `` you told me you were leaving portland , but i did n't believe you . 
 shana , i miss you . 
 i need you . 
 nothing is the same without you . 
 i feel so empty . 
 you have no idea how awful it 's been for me . '' 
 that was their problem in a nutshell . 
 the entire relationship had revolved around brad moore and his needs . 
 he missed her , he needed her . 
 she was convenient , loyal and endlessly patient . 
 well , no more . 
 she rolled her eyes and made a circular motion with her hand as though to hurry him along . 
 jazmine planted her hand over her mouth to smother her giggles . 
 `` are you listening ? '' 
 he asked , finishing up a five-minute soliloquy about how much he missed all their special times . 
 translation : all the `` special '' times when she 'd been there to see to his comfort . 
 he recounted the little ways she 'd indulged him-the meals she 'd cooked according to his likes and dislikes , the movies she 'd watched because he 'd chosen them , the christmas shopping she 'd done for him ... not once did he say any of the things that might have changed her mind , including the fact that he loved her . 
 so far , everything he 'd said reaffirmed her belief that she 'd made the right decision . 
 it would always be about brad and what he needed from her and how important she was to his comfort . 
 apparently sylvia was n't nearly as accommodating as shana . 
 finally she could n't take it any longer . 
 `` are you finished yet ? '' 
 she asked and yawned rudely to signal her boredom . 
 her question was followed by a short silence . 
 `` you 've changed , shana . '' 
 `` yes , '' she told him in a curt voice . 
 `` yes , i have . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe you do n't love me anymore . '' 
 shana noticed he had n't even bothered to ask about the girl who 'd answered the phone . 
 brad seemed shocked that she was n't ready to race back into his arms just because he 'd made an effort to find her . 
 a short while ago , she 'd been grateful for each little crumb he 'd tossed her way . 
 those days were over . 
 oh , this felt good . 
 she felt good . 
 `` what 's happened to my sweet shana ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` this is n't like you . '' 
 `` i woke up , '' she informed him , `` and i did n't respect the woman i 'd become . 
 it was time to clean house . 
 out with the old and in with the new . '' 
 the line went silent as he absorbed this . 
 `` you 're dating someone else , are n't you ? '' 
 the temptation to let him believe that was strong , and she might have given in to it , if not for jazmine . 
 with her niece listening to every word , shana felt honor-bound to tell the truth . 
 `` it 's just like you to think that , but no , i 'm not seeing anyone else . '' 
 she bit back the words to tell him she could if she wanted to . 
 well , there was that single father who might 've been interested-and adam kennedy . 
 his relief was instantaneous . 
 `` you 'll always love me ... '' `` no , '' she said firmly . 
 `` i wo n't . 
 i do n't . 
 not anymore . 
 for your sake and mine , please do n't call me again . '' 
 he started to argue , but shana was n't willing to listen . 
 she should 've hung up the phone long before , but some perverse satisfaction had kept her on the line . 
 as she replaced the receiver , she looked over at jazmine . 
 her niece gave a loud triumphant shout . 
 `` way to go , aunt shana ! '' 
 they exchanged high fives . 
 shana felt exuberant and then guilty for not experiencing even the slightest disappointment . 
 she was actually grateful brad had phoned because this conversation had provided complete and final proof that she 'd reclaimed her own life . 
 `` can i tell uncle adam about this ? '' 
 jazmine asked happily . 
 `` adam ? '' 
 her suspicions immediately rose to the surface . 
 `` whatever for ? '' 
 `` because , '' jazmine replied as if it should be obvious . 
 `` he should know that you really are over brad . 
 the door 's open , is n't it ? 
 i mean , you 're cured . '' 
 shana liked the analogy . 
 `` i am cured , but let 's just keep this between us for now , okay ? '' 
 jazmine frowned . 
 `` if you say so , '' she said without enthusiasm . 
 the kid was certainly eager to get her and adam together . 
 presumably she 'd abandoned her earlier hopes for adam and her mother . 
 `` i want your promise that you wo n't talk to adam about any part of my conversation with brad . '' 
 muttering under her breath , jazmine shook her head . 
 halfway to her room , she turned back . 
 `` uncle adam wanted me to tell you he 'll be by next saturday . 
 that 's all right , is n't it ? '' 
 `` of course it is . '' 
 not until later did shana realize how dejected she was at the thought of waiting almost a week before she saw adam kennedy again . 
 chapter nine ali read shana 's e-mail a second time and smiled . 
 this was exactly what she 'd hoped-but did n't dare believe-would happen . 
 although her sister was skirting the issue , she was interested in adam ; her e-mail confirmed it . 
 adam had definitely gotten shana 's attention . 
 it took half an hour for ali to answer her sister . 
 she worked hard on the wording for fear she 'd say too much or not enough . 
 adam was a lot like peter in the ways that really mattered . 
 he was loyal , compassionate , with a strong work ethic and an endearing sense of humor . 
 through the years , peter had encouraged him to settle down and get married . 
 personally ali did n't understand why adam had n't . 
 aside from the important stuff , he was good-looking . 
 as far as she knew he dated , but obviously had n't found the one woman with whom he wanted to spend the rest of his life . 
 could shana be that woman ? 
 far be it from her to suggest such a thing . 
 much better if a relationship developed without her meddling . 
 from the sounds of it , they were getting all the romantic assistance they needed-or did n't need-from jazmine . 
 once she 'd finished her e-mail , ali prepared for her shift . 
 it 'd taken some adjustment , but she 'd become accustomed to life aboard the aircraft carrier . 
 routine helped pass the days , and being able to stay in touch with her daughter through the internet eased her mind about jazmine . 
 the hours went by quickly as she responded to small medical emergencies . 
 she was almost finished with her shift when commander frank dillon entered the sick bay . 
 his complexion was sickly pale , and his forehead was beaded with sweat . 
 when he saw that ali was the duty nurse , he attempted a weak smile but she noticed that his jaw was clenched and he was clearly in pain . 
 ali remembered him from her first day in the wardroom . 
 since then , she had n't seen him at all but thought about him often , reliving those few seconds when he 'd reached out to steady her in the passageway . 
 just seconds-it could n't have been more than that . 
 she did n't know why she 'd read anything into such a minor incident . 
 still , she 'd fantasized about him an embarrassing number of times in the weeks since . 
 no one had to remind her of the professional issues involved in fraternization aboard ship . 
 `` commander dillon , '' ali said , coming forward to assist him . 
 he held his hand pressed against his side . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` something 's wrong , '' he muttered . 
 he looked as if he was close to passing out . 
 `` i need a doctor . '' 
 ali led him into an examination room , and learned that he 'd had a stomachache for the last couple of days . 
 it 'd had grown steadily worse and now the pain had become intolerable . 
 she alerted captain robert coleman , the physician on duty , who examined the commander . 
 ali suspected it was his appendix , and apparently dr. coleman did , too . 
 following the examination , he ordered x-rays . 
 ali accompanied commander dillon while the x-rays were taken . 
 the commander did n't utter a word , although she knew every touch , no matter how gentle , brought him pain . 
 one look at the film confirmed her fears . 
 time was critical ; judging by the amount of pain he was suffering , his appendix could rupture any minute . 
 dr. coleman scheduled emergency surgery , which he planned to perform immediately . 
 ali helped prep the commander , explaining what was happening and why . 
 she hooked up the iv and taped the needle in place . 
 after checking the fluid bag , she glanced down and discovered him watching her . 
 she smiled shyly , unaccustomed to such intent scrutiny . 
 frank closed his eyes and drew in a deep breath . 
 ali squeezed his hand . 
 `` do n't worry , we 'll have you back to your command as good as new , '' she promised . 
 he was silent until just before he was rolled into the surgical bay . 
 he gripped ali 's hand unexpectedly and with surprising strength . 
 half rising from the gurney , he said , `` it 's bad . 
 listen , if i do n't make it ... if there are complications ... '' `` you 're going to live to tell about this , commander , '' she assured him . 
 she gave his hand another squeeze and urged him back down . 
 their eyes met and she did her best to let him know that the medical staff would take good care of him and all would be well . 
 the commander dragged in another deep breath . 
 `` i do n't mean to sound fatalistic , but i do n't have any family . 
 my wife left me years ago-no kids . 
 my brother died a few years back and i 've never updated my will . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry about your brother , '' she told him softly . 
 his hand clutched hers . 
 `` money to charity . 
 decide for me . 
 promise you 'll decide for me . '' 
 `` i will , but , commander ... '' he was n't listening anymore , she realized . 
 the pain was too intense . 
 `` i 'm going into surgery with you , '' she whispered . 
 `` if god decides it 's your time , he 'll have to argue with me first . '' 
 although she was certain he was past hearing anything , she thought she detected a faint smile . 
 as the surgery progressed , ali wanted to chastise the commander for waiting so long to seek medical attention . 
 he had risked his life because of-what ? 
 pride ? 
 ignoring the pain had n't made it go away . 
 an infected appendix was not going to heal itself . 
 the surgery was routine until they found that , exactly as she 'd suspected , the appendix had burst . 
 extra time and care was needed to ensure that the infection was completely eradicated before it could spread to the entire abdominal area . 
 peritonitis could be fatal . 
 having a ruptured appendix was n't as life-threatening as in years past , but it was serious enough . 
 after the surgery , commander dillon 's incision was closed and he was taken into recovery . 
 lieutenant rowland was sent in to replace ali , whose shift had ended . 
 `` i 'll stay with him a bit longer , '' she told rowland . 
 sitting at the commander 's bedside , she took his blood pressure every twenty minutes until he woke from the anesthesia several hours later . 
 he moved his head instinctively toward ali , who sat by his side . 
 she smiled and touched his brow . 
 `` god did n't put up much of an argument . 
 it seems that neither heaven nor hell was interested in collecting your soul , commander . '' 
 `` you sure about that ? '' 
 he whispered weakly . 
 `` i thought this pain meant i was in hell . '' 
 `` how are you feeling now ? '' 
 `` like someone hacked me open with a saw blade . '' 
 `` i 'll give you something for the pain . '' 
 she stood and reached for his chart to make a notation . 
 `` rest now . 
 your body 's had quite a time of it . '' 
 that was an understatement , but she felt better knowing he was awake . 
 his vital signs confirmed that he was out of immediate danger . 
 ali sat with the commander for another hour and then reluctantly turned her patient over to rowland . 
 `` do you know the commander ? '' 
 the lieutenant asked as she left the recovery area . 
 `` i met him our first day out . '' 
 rowland seemed surprised that she 'd stayed with him . 
 it surprised ali , too . 
 she was busy these days and got as little as four or five hours ' sleep a night , but had n't been able to make herself leave . 
 one thing was certain : this man had her attention . 
 just as adam had shana 's ... frank dillon was lost in a dark , lonely world . 
 every so often he heard a soft , feminine voice and it confused him . 
 he could n't figure out where he was . 
 then he remembered the pain , the surgery , the nurse-that soft voice was the nurse talking to him . 
 the one who haunted his dreams . 
 he prayed it was her and in the same breath pleaded for god to send her away . 
 her touch was light , and on the rare occasions when he found the strength to open his eyes , she was standing by his side . 
 she smelled good . 
 not of flowers or perfume , but a distinct womanly scent . 
 clean and subtle and ... just nice . 
 it lured him unlike anything else he 'd ever experienced . 
 he was n't a man accustomed to the ways of women . 
 he 'd lived his life in the navy and for the navy , and he 'd learned the hard way that he was n't meant to be a navy husband . 
 he 'd married at twenty-five and laura had left him two years later . 
 that had been nearly twenty years ago . 
 his wife had walked out when she realized no amount of crying , pleading or cajoling would persuade him to resign his commission . 
 she knew before they were married that he 'd made the navy his career , the same as his father and grandfather had . 
 nothing was more important to frank than duty and honor . 
 not his marriage , not laura , not one damn thing . 
 she had n't been able to reconcile herself to that and he doubted any woman ever could . 
 other commitments took second place to military life . 
 he 'd accepted that , and dedicated himself to his career . 
 not once in all those years had he regretted his decision . 
 until now-and now he would willingly have sold his soul to keep this woman at his side . 
 he needed her , wanted her and he did n't care what it cost him . 
 some of his fellow officers had been against letting women serve at sea . 
 frank had n't been one of them . 
 now he was n't so sure his peers had been wrong . 
 senior medical officer alison karas had taken up far more of his thoughts than warranted . 
 he 'd decided from their first , chance encounter to stay away from her ; he was n't risking his career for a shipboard romance . 
 avoiding her was easy enough to accomplish with five thousand sailors aboard the uss woodrow wilson . 
 it was just his luck that she was the one on duty . 
 luck or fate ? 
 he was n't sure he 'd like the answer . 
 a cool hand touched his brow , followed by alison 's quiet voice . 
 unable to make out the words , frank thought it might have been a prayer . 
 apparently he was worse off than he 'd known , although she seemed to think she had some influence with the man upstairs . 
 her constancy touched him . 
 no one had ever done anything like that before-not for him . 
 the darkness did n't bother him anymore . 
 he was at peace , even though a vague memory , something about alison , hovered just out of reach . 
 she was with him . 
 he planned to tell her how much her presence meant to him . 
 if he lived through this . 
 the next morning , the uss woodrow wilson was hit by a raging storm . 
 the massive ship had turned into the typhoon , and there was nothing to do but ride it out . 
 thankfully , ali had never been prone to seasickness , but a number of men were sent to sick bay . 
 she had her hands full the first day of the storm , but things had settled down by the second . 
 during a quiet moment , she went in to check on commander dillon . 
 he was sitting up in bed , still pale and not in the best of moods . 
 `` what the hell is going on topside ? '' 
 he demanded the moment he saw her . 
 `` we 're in the midst of a typhoon , commander . '' 
 he tossed aside his sheet and seemed ready to climb out of bed . 
 `` get me out of here . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she prevented him from moving farther . 
 from the way his eyes widened , ali could tell that it was n't often anyone stood up to the high and mighty commander . 
 `` i 'm the navigator and i 'm needed topside , '' he argued , his face reddening . 
 `` this might come as a shock , commander dillon , but the navy stayed afloat without you for more than two hundred years . 
 they 'll manage to survive for another day or so . 
 now stay in bed , otherwise i 'll have you restrained . '' 
 his blue eyes flared . 
 `` you would n't . '' 
 although her heart was pounding , ali did n't dare let her nervousness show . 
 `` i do n't think that 's something you 'd like to find out . 
 your orders are to stay in bed until captain coleman says otherwise . 
 do i make myself clear ? '' 
 his gaze challenged hers , but then , apparently reaching a decision , he nodded . 
 although he was n't happy about it , he would abide by what he knew was best . 
 ali was grateful . 
 under normal circumstances , the commander was n't a man to cross ; she 'd figured that out quickly enough . 
 and if his scowl was any indication , he was on the mend . 
 he 'd been in bad shape the first few days , but his improvement was steady . 
 to show him how much she appreciated his cooperation , she patted his arm . 
 he stiffened as if he found her touch offensive and ali quickly backed away . 
 while he was under anesthesia , she 'd touched him many times . 
 in an effort to comfort him , she 'd stroked his brow and talked to him in soothing tones . 
 she 'd frequently taken his pulse and blood pressure and let her hand linger on his arm , hoping he 'd sense her encouragement and concern . 
 perhaps she 'd grown too familiar , too personal . 
 `` i apologize , '' he muttered gruffly . 
 embarrassed , ali retreated an additional step . 
 `` no , the fault is mine-i 'm sorry . '' 
 by all rights , she should turn and leave . 
 the clinic was busy . 
 sailors were waiting . 
 she should get while the getting was good , as her grandmother used to say . 
 `` you were with me in recovery until i regained consciousness , were n't you ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 she nodded , afraid they were taking a dangerous risk by acknowledging this attraction . 
 not since peter 's death had ali allowed herself to feel anything for another man . 
 in fact , she 'd been certain she never would and now ... now she was n't sure what to think . 
 `` any particular reason you stayed with me all those hours ? '' 
 he asked . 
 ali did n't know what to tell him . 
 honesty might be the best policy , but there were times the truth was better avoided . 
 this appeared to be one of those times . 
 `` your appendix had ruptured , commander . 
 in such cases , there 's a significant chance of complications . 
 it was easier for me just to remain on duty than explain the situation to my shift replacement . '' 
 ali used her best professional voice , making it as devoid of emotion as she could . 
 he seemed to accept her explanation and answered with an abrupt nod . 
 `` is there anything else i can do for you ? '' 
 she asked , moving away from his bedside . 
 `` not a thing , '' he replied in clipped tones , and ali knew he was referring to a whole lot more than his medical situation . 
 chapter ten as promised , adam kennedy was at the restaurant by ten on saturday morning . 
 shana had anticipated this moment-no , dreaded it-all week . 
 she might 've been able to push the lieutenant commander from her mind if it were n't for jazmine , who found every excuse in the world to bring up his name . 
 they could be discussing the migration habits of canada geese , and jazmine would somehow link the topic with her uncle adam . 
 it did n't matter what they discussed , adam kennedy became part of the conversation . 
 shana did n't resent the fact that her niece called adam her uncle anymore . 
 it seemed natural for her to do so . 
 what did n't seem natural-or fair-was the way he 'd infiltrated her thoughts . 
 and , in all honesty , that was n't just due to jazmine . 
 `` good morning , '' adam said as he marched into the restaurant with a crisp military gait that said he was ready for action . 
 he wore black jeans and a casual denim shirt with the sleeves rolled up . 
 `` hi . '' 
 her voice faltered a little . 
 this was one attractive man , a fact she was trying hard to ignore . 
 nonetheless , her hands trembled as she reached for a paper towel and wiped them clean . 
 `` jazmine brought her rollerblades . '' 
 thankfully it was early enough that the ice-cream parlor did n't have any customers yet . 
 `` i saw . 
 she put on a show for me in the parking lot . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 now that was an intelligent response and shana resisted the urge to kick herself . 
 she intensely disliked the way adam made her feel like an awkward teenager . 
 until recently , she 'd considered herself a competent professional , a woman who could cope with any social situation , and it irked her no end that this man could agitate her like this . 
 `` where are you two headed today ? '' 
 she asked conversationally , hoping to hide her complete lack of a brain . 
 adam sauntered up to the cash register , apparently in no hurry to leave . 
 `` i have n't decided yet . 
 i thought i 'd get some suggestions from miss jazz . '' 
 `` good idea . '' 
 before she sent him off with jazmine , perhaps she should enlighten him about her niece 's continuing efforts to match up the two of them . 
 `` do you have a few minutes before you go ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 he slid onto one of the stools . 
 rubbing her palms against her apron , shana took a moment to clear her thoughts . 
 `` i do n't know if you 've noticed , '' she began , `` but jazmine seems to be working hard at , uh , getting the two of us together . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` this is in spite of your ... little talk . '' 
 adam leaned forward . 
 `` i got the hint in our last phone conversation , when she started mentioning your name in practically every sentence . '' 
 `` she does that to you , too ? '' 
 interesting . 
 and , she supposed , predictable . 
 `` you 're a frequent topic of conversation yourself . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` she 's been e-mailing me updates on you . '' 
 `` updates on what ? '' 
 `` i have n't paid a lot of attention . '' 
 she was unexpectedly miffed by that but decided his indifference was probably for the best . 
 `` by the way , how 's brad ? '' 
 shana nearly bit her tongue in an effort to hide her reaction . 
 `` i thought you said you were n't paying attention , '' she said . 
 `` brad is n't important . '' 
 `` really ? 
 that 's curious because - '' `` i have something to discuss , '' she said , cutting him off before they both got sidetracked by the unpleasant subject of brad . 
 `` have at it , '' adam said , gesturing toward her . 
 `` first , since we 're both aware that jazmine 's busy playing matchmaker , it seems the best defense is to be honest with each other . '' 
 she half expected an argument . 
 `` i agree . '' 
 he seemed utterly relaxed ; in contrast , shana 's nerves were as tight as an overwound guitar string . 
 `` okay , '' she said , taking a deep breath . 
 `` i think you 're wonderful with jazmine and ... and mildly attractive . '' 
 the man already had an overblown ego and she was n't about to give him any encouragement . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he perked up at that . 
 `` yes , '' she admitted reluctantly , `` and there are probably a few other positive traits i could add . '' 
 he checked his watch . 
 `` i have time . '' 
 she ignored him . 
 `` but without going into why i feel a relationship between us would n't work - '' `` are n't you being a little hasty ? '' 
 he asked without allowing her to finish . 
 `` no , '' she insisted . 
 `` besides , i 'm not interested . '' 
 she wondered if a big red neon light spelling liar was flashing over her head . 
 she was interested , but she suspected this whole attraction thing was just the result of being on the rebound . 
 she needed to take it slow , ease into another relationship . 
 letting adam kennedy sweep her off her feet was definitely a bad idea . 
 he stared at her blankly . 
 `` interested in what ? '' 
 `` you . 
 i do n't mean to be blunt or rude , but i felt i should be clear about that . '' 
 `` no problem . '' 
 he shrugged , his expression unchanged . 
 `` i did n't mean to offend you . '' 
 `` you did n't , '' he assured her and he certainly did n't look put off by her confession . 
 `` it 's just that this is n't the right time for me to get involved , '' she rushed to add , confused now and more than a little embarrassed . 
 she wished she 'd thought this through more carefully . 
 `` i 've only had the business a short while , and all my energy and resources are tied up in it . '' 
 `` of course . 
 that makes perfect sense . '' 
 `` this has nothing to do with you personally . '' 
 she was only digging herself in deeper now but could n't seem to stop . 
 `` shana , it 's not a problem . 
 do n't worry , okay ? 
 if anything , it 's a relief . '' 
 `` it is ? '' 
 she blurted out . 
 `` we should keep each other informed , '' he murmured . 
 `` just like you suggested . 
 jazmine is a sweet kid , but we both need to be aware of her game plan . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 she felt guilty about the things she 'd said . 
 `` i hope i did n't offend you-sometimes my tongue goes faster than my brain . '' 
 `` not at all , '' he told her patiently . 
 `` good . '' 
 it was probably ridiculous to be so worried about a nine-year-old 's scheme and even more ridiculous to mention it to adam . 
 thankfully he 'd taken everything with a sense of humor . 
 `` uncle adam ! '' 
 jazmine skated into the parlor and at one glance from shana , sat down and removed her skates . 
 `` are you done yet ? 
 can we leave now ? '' 
 `` in a minute . '' 
 `` great ! '' 
 jazmine looked about as happy as shana could remember seeing her . 
 `` school 's out for the year . '' 
 she slipped on her tennis shoes without bothering to tie them . 
 shana 's cheeks still burned with embarrassment and she was eager to see adam and jazmine leave . 
 `` you guys have a great time , '' she mumbled . 
 `` bye . '' 
 adam slid off the stool and with jazmine at his side , they ambled out . 
 after the door closed , shana felt oddly depressed , although she could n't name the precise reason . 
 she did n't want to analyze it , either . 
 business was slow for a saturday , but experience told shana it would pick up around lunchtime . 
 she had two part-time employees now in addition to catherine , the retired woman the olsens had recommended , who was shana 's most valuable employee . 
 she moved easily between the ice-cream section and the pizza parlor , and she was fully capable of taking over if shana wanted time off , which was reassuring . 
 this was the one buffer shana felt she needed now that she was jazmine 's guardian . 
 around eleven , the young father jazmine had talked to a few weeks earlier stepped into the restaurant . 
 he was without his kids today . 
 he strolled up to the pizza counter ; from there he could see shana in the kitchen , where she was busy stirring a vat of soup . 
 she 'd discovered a brand of concentrated soups that tasted as good as homemade and was pleased with the results . 
 `` hi , '' he said casually , leaning against the counter . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 shana pretended not to remember him , which was the exact opposite of the way she treated her other customers . 
 she worked hard at remembering people 's names and creating a warm and welcoming atmosphere . 
 she knew his , too-tim-but refused to acknowledge it . 
 `` i was wondering if you 'd be interested in dinner and a movie . '' 
 his invitation took her completely off guard . 
 `` i-i beg your pardon ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 well , actually , i was asking you out on a date . '' 
 his voice was a monotone now , as if she 'd deflated his ego , and shana instantly felt bad . 
 `` i 'm flattered , but - '' `` your niece mentioned that you 're single , and well , so am i and i was wondering , you know , if you 'd like to go out sometime . '' 
 shana was n't sure what to say . 
 she hesitated , and then decided she could only be honest . 
 `` thank you . 
 i 'm flattered that you 'd ask , but i just do n't have time to date right now . '' 
 she motioned around her . 
 `` this is a new venture for me and i. . . 
 have to be here . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` is there any particular reason you do n't want to go out with me ? '' 
 a couple of dozen quickly presented themselves but shana could n't manage to get out a single one . 
 `` you seem very nice , but - '' `` it 's the kids , is n't it ? '' 
 `` no , not at all , '' she hurried to assure him . 
 `` it 's like i told you-the timing is wrong . '' 
 that was the excuse she 'd used with adam ; it was also the truth . 
 she 'd untangled herself from one relationship and was n't ready to get involved in another . 
 `` you mean i should 've waited until you were finished for the day ? '' 
 `` no ... '' he wiped his face . 
 `` you 'll have to excuse me . 
 i 'm new at this . 
 my wife , i mean ex-wife , and i met in high school and well , it just did n't work out . 
 i do n't blame her . 
 we were both too young , but heather 's the only woman i 've ever dated and-i do n't know what the hell i 'm doing . '' 
 he looked completely crestfallen by the time he 'd finished . 
 shana felt even worse . 
 `` under other circumstances , i 'd be happy to - '' she stopped , afraid she 'd just make matters worse if she continued . 
 `` would you like a cup of coffee ? '' 
 he nodded and sat down on the stool . 
 `` that would be great , thanks . '' 
 `` it 's tim , right ? '' 
 he smiled dejectedly . 
 `` i 'm surprised you remember . '' 
 he 'd be shocked at everything she did recall about the last time he 'd been in the ice-cream parlor-even if she preferred not to . 
 shana made them each an espresso , double shot . 
 if he did n't need it she did . 
 when she set the tiny cups on the counter , tim reached for his wallet . 
 raising her hand , she said , `` it 's on the house . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 she waved off his gratitude . 
 for reasons she did n't want to examine too closely , she felt guiltier than ever for rejecting him . 
 `` can you tell me what i did wrong ? '' 
 he asked after the first tentative sip . 
 `` it is n't you , '' she said earnestly . 
 `` it really is because of the timing . 
 my new business and looking after my niece and everything . '' 
 over the next three hours , she heard the story of tim 's ten-year marriage and every detail of his divorce . 
 the only time he paused was when she was bombarded with questions from customers or staff , or if the capable catherine needed her assistance . 
 she also learned practically the entire story of tim 's life . 
 he seemed to need a willing ear and she provided it , between serving ice cream in three dozen different flavors . 
 `` you know , tim , it seems to me you 're still in love with your wife , '' she commented while he was on his third espresso . 
 his eyes flared and he adamantly shook his head . 
 `` no way . '' 
 `` sorry , but that 's how i see it . '' 
 `` you 're wrong . '' 
 `` could be , but it 's obvious you 're crazy about your kids . '' 
 he had no argument with that . 
 `` they 're fabulous . '' 
 `` so-what else can i do for you ? '' 
 she asked when he showed no sign of leaving anytime within the foreseeable future . 
 `` you could always go to dinner with me , '' he suggested . 
 shana laughed , knowing she 'd be in for a repeat of his disagreement with the divorce attorney . 
 she gave him an a for effort , though . 
 `` i thought we already went over that . '' 
 `` are you sure you mean no ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 `` if the lady says no , that 's what she means , '' adam kennedy said from the doorway leading into the restaurant . 
 he glared at tim as if he wanted to teach him a lesson . 
 his tone was friendly enough , but his demeanor was n't . 
 shana sighed in exasperation . 
 she was all too aware of the interest catherine and the others were taking in this little scene . 
 tim was harmless , his self-esteem in shreds following his divorce , and he was counting on shana to boost his confidence . 
 `` thank you very much , adam , '' she said tightly , fighting the temptation to say a great deal more , `` but the lady can answer for herself . '' 
 to her surprise jazmine laughed outright . 
 `` hello , mr. gilmore , remember me ? '' 
 tim looked as if he did n't know what to say . 
 he got off the stool . 
 `` i guess it 's time to go . '' 
 `` sounds like a good idea to me , '' adam murmured . 
 `` adam , '' shana chastised , but his gaze did n't waver from tim 's face . 
 as soon as the other man was out the door , shana whirled on adam . 
 `` that was completely unnecessary and uncalled for , '' she said , trying to keep her voice down in deference to her staff and customers . 
 adam looked away . 
 `` perhaps , but i wanted to be sure he got the message . '' 
 `` and what exactly is the message ? '' 
 shana demanded . 
 adam grinned as if the answer should be obvious . 
 `` hands off , '' jazmine supplied . 
 `` you 're already spoken for . '' 
 with her shift over , ali went to check on commander dillon one last time and discovered he was asleep . 
 his face was turned toward her and in slumber his features had relaxed . 
 he looked younger than she 'd first assumed . 
 as she stood there , ali hesitated , resisting the urge to move closer . 
 she longed to place her hand on his arm , to touch him and feel the warmth of his skin . 
 a chill ran down her spine as she remembered he did n't want her anywhere near him . 
 that had been made abundantly clear during her last visit . 
 she wished she had someone she could talk to about the way she felt . 
 this was n't something she could discuss with the other women on board . 
 she could be putting her career in jeopardy . 
 any hint of a romantic entanglement , and she could be in more trouble than she wanted to consider . 
 before she left , ali logged on to her computer . 
 sent : june 20 from : shana knew she was right . 
 against the odds , jazmine had succeeded in adapting to a new school and a new home , and she 'd made friends . 
 a few minutes later , jazmine set the phone aside and raced over to shana . 
 `` uncle adam suggested visiting victoria , b.c. , '' she said breathlessly . 
 `` i 've never been there and he said it 's a wonderful day trip . '' 
 `` that does sound nice , '' shana said wistfully . 
 she was astonished at the way adam 's suggestion reflected her own earlier musings about victoria . 
 it was almost eerie . 
 `` he wants to talk to you , '' jazmine said . 
 she ran to get the portable phone and handed it to shana . 
 shana walked into the back room , nervously tucking a strand of hair behind her ear . 
 she 'd moussed it into submission that morning , but whole sections were already attempting a breakout . 
 `` hello , '' she said and hoped her voice did n't betray her feelings . 
 she thought about this man far too often and had an intense love-hate relationship with him that he knew nothing about . 
 she was attracted to him and yet she did n't want to be . 
 the fact that he - `` shana ? '' 
 adam said , cutting into her thoughts . 
 `` i 'm here , '' she said primly . 
 `` that 's a great idea of jazmine 's . 
 you can come , ca n't you ? '' 
 `` to victoria , you mean ? 
 ah ... '' `` we 'll make it a day trip . 
 i 'm off until thursday . 
 i 'll pick you and jazmine up , then we 'll take the fauntleroy ferry over to the kitsap peninsula , drive to port angeles and take another ferry across the strait to victoria . '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i 'm - '' shana hesitated when she saw jazmine staring at her with pleading eyes . 
 she 'd folded her hands as if in prayer , and shana 's resolve weakened . 
 `` i 'll need to check with catherine before i take a whole day . '' 
 shana instantly felt guilty ; she 'd invested her life savings in this business and she should n't be running off for a day of fun . 
 she should be at work . 
 `` ask her , '' adam urged . 
 shana turned away from the phone and came face-to-face with catherine , who had her hands on her hips . 
 `` go . 
 i 'll manage just fine . 
 it 's only one day , for pete 's sake . '' 
 `` but ... '' `` aunt shana , '' jazmine said pulling on her arm . 
 `` just do it . 
 we 'll have a blast . '' 
 shana was n't nearly as sure . 
 that night , long after jazmine was in bed and she herself should have been , she e-mailed her sister . 
 sent : june 24 from : his lips glided over hers in a slow , sensual exploration that had her nerves quivering . 
 luckily she was seated ; otherwise she was sure her knees would have given out on her . 
 then his hands were in her hair , his fingers splayed as he positioned his mouth over hers . 
 when he finally eased away , she needed a moment to regain her composure . 
 `` wow , '' adam whispered . 
 `` you can say that again , '' shana said , still caught up in the feelings his touch had aroused . 
 adam slowly expelled his breath . 
 `` okay , now what ? '' 
 his eyes burned into hers , as if seeking answers to questions she had yet to form . 
 `` now ... '' shana hesitated . 
 `` now we know . '' 
 `` do you want to play this by ear ? '' 
 she pressed her forehead against his chest . 
 `` i 'm not sure i 've had enough piano lessons . '' 
 adam grinned and kissed the top of her head . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'm in no rush . 
 we 'll take this one step at a time . '' 
 `` first piano lessons , and now we 're out on the dance floor . 
 ca n't you just hold me for a few minutes and leave it at that ? '' 
 `` for now . '' 
 for now , that was enough . 
 as far as anything else was concerned , she 'd have to see what her heart told her . 
 chapter twelve ali read her daughter 's e-mail a second time and smiled . 
 sent : june 26 from : with a heavy heart she read her daughter 's chatty e-mail next . 
 sent : june 30 from : `` you left her alone ? '' 
 shana 's eyes widened with alarm . 
 `` in the kitchen with the stove on ? 
 adam , she 's only nine ! 
 sometimes that 's hard to remember , but she 's still just a kid . '' 
 `` she seemed perfectly fine , '' he said , suddenly deciding shana was right . 
 `` she 's the one who sent me to the store . '' 
 he slid out of the booth . 
 `` i 'll get back now . '' 
 shana sighed , then stretched out one hand and stopped him . 
 `` it was good to see you , '' she said in a low voice . 
 he gave her hand a small squeeze . 
 `` you , too . 
 do n't be late for dinner . '' 
 `` i wo n't , '' she promised . 
 once again adam started toward the door , then paused and turned around . 
 `` what 's her specialty ? '' 
 shana grinned . 
 `` it 's probably canned chili with grated cheese on top . '' 
 he dismissed that . 
 `` i think it might be more involved . 
 whatever it is requires a cookbook . '' 
 shana 's grin faded . 
 `` in that case , you 'd better hurry . '' 
 `` i 'm on my way . '' 
 shana smiled again , and it reminded him-as if he needed reminding-how attracted he was to her . 
 and just when their relationship was beginning to show real promise , he 'd be leaving the seattle area . 
 she followed him to the front door . 
 `` any word on that transfer ? '' 
 she asked . 
 if he did n't know better , he 'd think she 'd been reading his mind . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 it would n't be long , though . 
 hawaii was a dream assignment . 
 who would n't want to be stationed there ? 
 with its endless miles of white sandy beaches and sunshine , hawaii had always appealed to him . 
 yet seattle , known for its frequent drizzle and gray skies , was of more interest now than the tropical paradise . 
 `` did you mention anything about the transfer to jazmine ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he shook his head . 
 he could n't make himself do it . 
 `` coward , '' she muttered . 
 adam shrugged lightly . 
 `` guilty as charged . '' 
 shana glanced at her watch . 
 `` i 'll be leaving in about an hour and a half . '' 
 `` okay , i 'll let martha stewart know . '' 
 feeling the need to touch her , he reached for her hand . 
 even with the restaurant full of customers , they entwined their fingers , and it was a long moment before either of them moved . 
 he felt the urge to take her in his arms and she must have felt the same impulse because she swayed toward him before shaking her head and dropping her hand . 
 `` i should get back to work and you need to get back to jazmine , '' she said , her voice little more than a whisper . 
 `` right . '' 
 `` bye . '' 
 shana gave him a small wave . 
 adam heard the reluctance in her voice , a reluctance he shared . 
 jazmine met him at the front door , took his bags and banned him from the kitchen . 
 `` i ca n't be disturbed , '' she said grandly . 
 adam turned the television on again and sat with one ankle balanced on his knee , aiming the remote . 
 he could n't find anything he wanted to watch . 
 `` need any help in there ? '' 
 he called out . 
 `` no , thanks . '' 
 five minutes later he repeated the offer . 
 this time jazmine ignored him , but soon afterward , she asked , `` aunt shana is n't going to be late , is she ? '' 
 `` she 'd phone , '' adam said , and hoped she would . 
 at three minutes after eight , shana walked into the house . 
 `` i 'm home , '' she said unnecessarily . 
 adam stood and jazmine hurried eagerly out of the kitchen . 
 `` i hope you 're hungry . '' 
 `` famished , '' she said . 
 as if on cue , adam 's stomach growled . 
 with a sweeping gesture of her arm , jazmine invited them into the kitchen . 
 the table was covered with a tablecloth twice the right size . 
 the cloth brushed the floor , and adam wondered if she 'd used a floral printed sheet . 
 the candles were stuck in empty coke bottles-apparently she had n't found real candle-holders-and were positioned on either side of the roses , which she 'd arranged in a glass bowl . 
 the effect was surprisingly artful . 
 there were place settings , including wine goblets , in front of the three chairs . 
 `` jazmine ! '' 
 shana exclaimed , hugging her niece . 
 `` this is absolutely lovely . '' 
 the nine-year-old blushed at the praise and wiped her hands on her apron . 
 `` uncle adam helped . '' 
 `` not much , '' adam protested . 
 `` we can start now , '' she said with authority . 
 `` please light the candles and pour the champagne . 
 i 'm having soda in my glass . '' 
 he bowed slightly . 
 `` at your service . '' 
 `` everyone , sit down , '' jazmine ordered when he 'd finished . 
 she gestured toward the table . 
 `` i have an appetizer . '' 
 following that announcement , she brought out a bowl of dry cheerios mixed with peanuts , raisins and pretzels . 
 `` excellent , '' shana said , exchanging a look with adam . 
 they both struggled to maintain their composure . 
 `` this is only the start , '' jazmine promised , flitting about the kitchen like a parrot on the loose . 
 `` i made all our favorites-macaroni and cheese , tater tots and salad . 
 uncle adam , there 's no tomatoes in your salad and , aunt shana , no croutons on yours . '' 
 shana 's eyes met adam 's . 
 `` she 's paying attention . '' 
 `` i 'll say . '' 
 `` plus macaroons for dessert , '' jazmine added proudly . 
 `` macaroons ? '' 
 adam repeated . 
 jazmine removed the bowl of cheerios . 
 `` yes , chocolate macaroons . 
 those are my favorites , so no complaining . '' 
 it was an odd meal , but adam had no complaints and neither , apparently , did shana . 
 `` we 'll do the dishes , '' he said when they 'd eaten . 
 the champagne had relaxed him and shana , too , because they lingered over the last glass while jazmine moved into the living room . 
 `` this really was sweet of her , '' shana whispered . 
 `` very sweet , '' adam agreed . 
 what happened next , he blamed on the champagne . 
 before he could question the wisdom of it , he leaned close to shana , intending to kiss her . 
 she could 've stopped him , but did n't . 
 instead she shut her eyes and leaned toward him , too . 
 the kiss was every bit as good as their first one . 
 no , it was better , adam decided . 
 in fact , her kisses could fast become addictive-a risk he 'd just have to take . 
 he brought his chair closer to shana 's and she gripped his shirt collar as they kissed again . 
 she pulled away sometime later and pressed her forehead against his . 
 it took him a moment to find his focus . 
 he savored having her close , enjoyed her scent and the way she felt . 
 jazmine might see them , but he did n't care as long as shana did n't - and obviously she did n't . 
 `` you two need help in there ? '' 
 jazmine called from the living room . 
 like guilty teenagers , shana and adam broke apart . 
 `` we 're fine , '' shana answered . 
 adam was n't so sure that was true . 
 sent : july 6 from : love , alison it was n't long before she received a reply . 
 sent : july 9 from : `` i 'll phone if i can , but there are no guarantees . 
 she 's a navy kid . 
 she 'll understand . '' 
 until recently shana had n't had much to do with the navy . 
 all at once she found her entire life affected by it , and frankly she was starting to get annoyed . 
 `` i 'll be in touch , i promise , '' adam assured her . 
 `` leaving you and jazmine like this is n't what i want , either . '' 
 his words did n't lessen the dejection she felt . 
 she remembered , in an immediate and visceral way , the emotions she 'd experienced when she saw brad and sylvia together , knowing exactly what they were doing . 
 the sensation that she 'd lost something vital had refused to go away . 
 with brad that was the signal she 'd needed , because what they 'd had was n't real , not on his part , anyway . 
 with adam ... with adam all she felt was loss . 
 `` i do n't want you to go . '' 
 she knew it was childish to say that . 
 `` i 'll be able to visit . 
 about jazz-i 've got meetings this afternoon , and tonight i have to pack . 
 i 'll phone when i can . 
 if i can . '' 
 shana knew what he was asking . 
 she sighed wearily . 
 `` i 'll tell her . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry to put this on you , but if i do n't reach her , you 'll have to . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` i meant what i said , '' he reiterated . 
 `` i 'll visit as often as i can . '' 
 while adam might have every intention of flying in to see them , it would be time-consuming and complicated . 
 shana recalled that the flight between hawaii and portland was a good five hours . 
 she 'd taken a brief vacation there with friends ; it was the longest flight she 'd ever taken . 
 yes , his intentions were good but that was all they were-intentions . 
 `` i 've got your e-mail address , '' he reminded her . 
 `` yours and jazmine 's , and i 'll stay in touch . '' 
 `` you promise ? '' 
 she hated the fact that she still sounded like a thwarted child , but she could n't pretend this was n't hard . 
 `` yes-i promise . '' 
 shana had no choice but to comfort herself with his word . 
 doing her best to seem reconciled to what was happening , she straightened . 
 `` have a safe flight , and do n't worry about jazmine . 
 i 'll explain everything to her . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` no ... adam , thank you . '' 
 her voice cracked before she finished and she knew she had to get off the phone or she 'd embarrass herself further . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i really need to get back to work now . '' 
 `` i understand , but shana , one last thing-about you and me . 
 we have to talk . 
 soon , okay ? '' 
 she did n't answer . 
 she could n't . 
 replacing the receiver , she let her hand linger while she struggled to overcome her disappointment . 
 with adam stationed in hawaii , she could forecast their future and she did n't need the aid of a crystal ball . 
 for jazmine 's sake , he 'd stay in touch . 
 later , when alison returned and jazmine went back to live with her mother , he and shana would both make an effort . 
 at least in the beginning . 
 then their time together would dwindle until they were forced to face the inevitable . 
 it was how long-distance relationships usually ended . 
 shana had seen it with friends . 
 couples would e-mail back and forth , and on special occasions they 'd phone , just for the pleasure of hearing each other 's voices . 
 adam could fly on military transports , so there might even be a weekend now and then when he 'd be able to visit the mainland , but she suspected those opportunities would be few and far between . 
 they 'd both try , but in the end the obstacles would be too much . 
 adam had been a brief season in her life . 
 instead of complaining , she should be grateful . 
 the lieutenant commander had given her back her self-confidence ; he 'd made her feel beautiful and ... cherished . 
 when she 'd met him , another relationship was the last thing on her mind . 
 but adam had proved there were still good men left in this world , and that not every man was like brad . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 catherine asked , joining her . 
 she rested a gentle hand on shana 's shoulder . 
 `` was it bad news ? '' 
 `` everything 's all right , '' she said , shaking her head in order to dispel the lethargic feeling that had stolen over her . 
 `` or it will be soon , '' she amended . 
 the look catherine threw her said she was n't convinced , and of course the older woman 's instincts were accurate . 
 heaviness settled over shana 's heart . 
 she did n't know why her relationships with men always fell apart . 
 in retrospect , though , she realized she 'd carried the relationship with brad . 
 she 'd trusted , believed and held on . 
 she refused to do that with adam . 
 she wanted a relationship of equals or not at all-and she 'd grown increasingly sure that this was it . 
 her future . 
 good grief , she was reading a lot into a couple of kisses ! 
 it was just that everything had felt so right-and now this . 
 an hour later , just when the pizza sales had started to diminish , jazmine returned , her face red and sweaty from her trek around lincoln park on her rollerblades . 
 `` i sold three more of your licorice braids , '' shana told her , trying to act normal . 
 jazmine shrugged , but shana could tell she was pleased . 
 shana had managed to pick up quite a bit of the girl 's body language . 
 it was n't cool to show too much enthusiasm if there was the slightest possibility someone her own age would see it . 
 as long as shana remembered that , she was fine . 
 but when she forgot , problems developed . 
 however , if jazmine and shana were alone , or if it was jazz with shana and adam , a completely different set of behavioral rules applied . 
 `` would you like to make up a few more ? '' 
 shana asked . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 this meant she 'd be happy to , but not if a friend came by and thought she 'd willingly agreed to do anything with or for an adult . 
 `` good . '' 
 at closing time , shana counted out the money from the cash register , while jazmine sat in a booth curled up with a book . 
 every now and then , shana felt the girl 's eyes on her . 
 catherine and charles were finishing the cleanup in the kitchen . 
 `` is there anything i should know about ? '' 
 her niece asked as soon as they were alone . 
 she laid her book on the tabletop , her elbows on either side of it , and stared at shana . 
 jazmine 's intuition surprised her . 
 shana stopped in midcount and looked up . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 jazmine frowned . 
 `` i 'm not sure , but i have the feeling you know something i do n't . 
 i hate that . '' 
 shana wrapped elastics around the bills of various denominations , setting each stack aside . 
 `` i always did , too , '' she said . 
 after tucking the cash in the deposit bag , she joined her niece , sliding into the booth across from her . 
 `` so there is something wrong . '' 
 jazmine 's eyes seemed to grow darker . 
 `` my mom 's okay , is n't she ? '' 
 her anxiety was unconcealed , and shana wanted to reassure her as quickly as possible . 
 `` oh , yes ! 
 no worries there . '' 
 `` then what 's wrong ? '' 
 her sigh of relief touched shana 's heart . 
 `` this has to do with your uncle adam . '' 
 how times changed . 
 only recently she 'd begrudged adam the term uncle . 
 at first , the word had nearly gotten stuck in her throat , but now it fell easily from her lips . 
 shana was going to miss him so much , but at the moment she was furious that he 'd left the job of telling jazmine up to her-even if she 'd agreed to it . 
 `` what about uncle adam ? '' 
 jazmine 's eyes seemed more frightened by the second . 
 she scrambled out of the booth . 
 shana stood , too , and placed her arm around jazmine 's thin shoulders , but her niece shook it off . 
 in her need to comfort the girl , shana had forgotten the rules . 
 `` just tell me , '' jazmine insisted . 
 shana decided her niece was right . 
 she 'd give jazmine the news as clearly , honestly and straightforwardly as she could . 
 `` the navy is reassigning him to hawaii . '' 
 jazmine spent a moment digesting the information . 
 this was followed by a series of quickly fired questions . 
 `` when 's he flying out ? 
 he is flying , is n't he ? 
 does he get leave first ? 
 because he should . 
 what about the garden ? 
 he said he 'd help and is n't there a whole lot more that needs to be done ? 
 besides , he promised me he 'd be here and ... and now he 's breaking his word . '' 
 as if she 'd said too much she covered her mouth with both hands . 
 shana did n't know how to respond , where to start . 
 `` he phoned this afternoon to say his orders , uh , hit the boards and he had to leave first thing in the morning . '' 
 jazmine 's eyes flared . 
 `` already ? '' 
 she sounded shocked , disbelieving . 
 `` i 'm afraid so . '' 
 `` when did he find out ? '' 
 `` he just got the final word this afternoon . '' 
 `` but he must 've known something before now . '' 
 shana nodded . 
 `` he never said a word . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 shana could kick him for that , especially now that she was the one telling jazmine . 
 jazmine sat down again and glared at shana suspiciously . 
 `` he told you before this afternoon , though , did n't he ? '' 
 shana could probably talk her way out of this , but she did n't want to lie to her niece . 
 `` he did , or ... well , he mentioned the possibility . 
 but he dreaded telling you , so he put it off . 
 besides , he was n't sure it would go through at all and certainly not this soon . '' 
 `` so he made you tell me . '' 
 jazmine 's anger was unmistakable , despite the softness of her voice . 
 shana nodded . 
 adam would pay dearly for that , she suspected . 
 jazmine considered this information for a couple of minutes , then casually tossed back her hair . 
 propping her chin on her palm , she sat very still . 
 `` how do you feel about this ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine with it . '' 
 shana managed to sound almost flippant . 
 `` but to be on the safe side , i 'm bringing home a container of chocolate-mint ice cream . '' 
 her niece gave her a confused look . 
 `` i 'm throwing myself a pity party , '' shana explained . 
 `` you 're invited . '' 
 `` what are we going to do other than eat ice cream ? '' 
 `` watch old movies , '' shana decided . 
 the two of them could snuggle up together in front of the television , wearing their oldest pajamas . 
 `` sleepless in seattle is one of my mom 's favorites , '' her niece told her . 
 apparently the kid was familiar with this particular brand of mood therapy . 
 shana would have to ask alison about it at the first opportunity . 
 perhaps tonight , when she e-mailed her sister . 
 `` do you have any others we could watch ? '' 
 jazmine asked . 
 `` i 've seen sleepless so often i can say all the lines . '' 
 `` the bridges of madison county , '' she suggested , but sometimes that one made her angry , when what she really wanted was to weep copiously at a fictional character 's tragic life . 
 pure catharsis , in other words . 
 `` mom said i was too young to see it , '' jazmine muttered disgustedly , as though she no longer required parental guidance . 
 at times it was hard to remember that her niece was only nine . 
 the kid was mature beyond her years . 
 alison was right about the movie , though . 
 a story featuring infidelity hardly seemed appropriate for a child . 
 `` for her pity parties , mom likes popcorn best . 
 the more butter the better , '' she said matter-of-factly . 
 `` we had several of them after dad died . 
 but mom did n't call them pity parties . '' 
 `` what did she call them ? '' 
 `` tea parties , but we only had them when we were feeling sad . '' 
 `` always with buttered popcorn ? '' 
 `` it goes good with tea , '' jazmine said . 
 `` i do n't think she had a name for them at first . 
 i woke up one night and saw her crying in front of the tv , and she said sad movies always made her cry . 
 then i asked her why she watched them . '' 
 shana already knew the answer to that . 
 `` because she needed a good cry . '' 
 jazmine nodded again . 
 `` that 's exactly what mom said . '' 
 the girl sighed heavily , then added in a small voice , `` i do n't want her to be sad . '' 
 `` me , neither , but it 's part of life , jazz . 
 it 's not good to be too sad or for too long , but being sad has its place . 
 for one thing , sadness makes happiness that much more wonderful . '' 
 jazmine looked at her thoughtfully , awareness dawning in her eyes . 
 `` now , it 's been a while since i had an official pity party , '' shana said briskly . 
 `` one is long overdue . '' 
 she 'd made a couple of weak attempts when she left brad , but she 'd been too angry with him to do it properly . 
 if anything , their breakup had left her feeling strong and decisive . 
 that high had n't lasted , and she 'd found it emotionally difficult to reconcile herself to the end of the relationship-but only for a short time . 
 thanks to adam ... she thought that breaking off her engagement-or whatever it was-with brad did call for a party , but a real party with banners and food , champagne and music and lots of people . 
 she smiled as she considered how far she 'd come . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 jazmine asked . 
 shana instantly sobered . 
 `` remember a few weeks ago , when you said i had issues ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` one of those issues was brad . '' 
 jazmine rolled her eyes . 
 `` tell me about it ! '' 
 shana laughed out loud . 
 `` i was just thinking i never really had a pity party over him . '' 
 jazmine cocked her head quizzically . 
 `` do women always throw these parties because of men ? '' 
 `` hmm . '' 
 shana had never given the matter much thought . 
 `` yes , '' she said firmly . 
 `` it 's always about men . '' 
 `` that 's what i figured . '' 
 jazmine shook her head sadly , as if this reasoning was beyond her . 
 they loaded up with chocolate-mint ice cream , and whipped topping for good measure , and headed out the door . 
 shana had to make a quick stop at the bank , but they were home before the ice cream had a chance to melt . 
 within ten minutes , they were both lying on their backs , dressed in old flannel pajamas , studying the ceiling . 
 `` remember when brad phoned you a little while ago ? '' 
 jazmine asked . 
 `` yup . '' 
 shana did n't want to dwell on brad . 
 she wanted to think about adam and how much they were going to miss him . 
 brad paled in comparison to adam kennedy . 
 `` why did he call ? '' 
 shana rolled onto her stomach and raised her head . 
 `` he realized the error of his ways . '' 
 jazmine rolled over , too . 
 `` are you going to take him back ? '' 
 shana did n't even need to think about it . 
 `` no . '' 
 jazmine solemnly agreed . 
 `` he had his turn . '' 
 boy , did he ! 
 `` uncle adam is next in line . '' 
 it occurred to shana to explain that pity parties were usually wakes for relationships . 
 this wake was for adam and her . 
 shana was cutting her losses now , doing her best to accept the likely end of their brief romance and move forward . 
 `` what if brad came to seattle ? '' 
 jazmine asked excitedly , as if that were a distinct possibility . 
 `` what would you do then ? '' 
 shana flopped onto her back again . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` not a thing ? '' 
 `` not a single , solitary thing . '' 
 `` what if he offered you an engagement ring ? '' 
 shana grinned . 
 `` first , i 'd faint from the shock of it , and then i 'd ... i 'd ask to see his id . 
 make sure this was really brad . '' 
 `` would you cry ? '' 
 `` i doubt it . '' 
 `` but you 'd turn him down , right ? '' 
 `` wait a minute . '' 
 shana pulled herself into a sitting position . 
 `` is there any particular reason for all these questions about brad ? '' 
 jazmine sighed loudly . 
 `` i wanted to be sure you 're really , really over that rat . '' 
 `` rat ? '' 
 `` that 's what mom called him . '' 
 shana smothered a giggle . 
 `` hey , i thought we were throwing this party because of your uncle adam , '' she said . 
 it had n't escaped her notice how cleverly jazmine had changed the subject . 
 `` we are . '' 
 `` so , why bring up brad ? '' 
 her question was met with silence , and then jazmine ventured , `` remember how you knew uncle adam might be stationed in hawaii and you did n't tell me ? '' 
 `` yes , but what 's that got to do with - '' she hesitated and drew in her breath . 
 `` is there something you are n't telling me ? '' 
 she demanded , aware that she was repeating jazmine 's earlier question . 
 her niece sighed dramatically . 
 `` promise you wo n't be mad . '' 
 `` jazmine ! '' 
 `` okay , okay . 
 brad phoned again . 
 i answered and i told him you 're seeing someone else now . '' 
 `` you did n't ! '' 
 jazmine giggled . 
 `` i did , and you do n't want to know what he said about that , either . '' 
 chapter sixteen `` what do you mean brad phoned ? '' 
 shana demanded . 
 `` when ? 
 and why ? '' 
 not that she cared . 
 okay , she did , but only a little . 
 he 'd talked to her once , a few weeks ago , and she 'd been polite and stiff and frankly had never expected to hear from him again . 
 at one time , she 'd dreamed about a big wedding with lots of bridesmaids all dressed in lovely pastel dresses of pink and yellow . 
 her sister and three of her best friends would 've looked like a neat row of huge after-dinner mints . 
 at least she 'd spared them that . 
 `` he called last week and i answered the phone , '' jazmine muttered . 
 `` we ... talked . 
 for a while . '' 
 that sounded ominous . 
 shana could only imagine what brad had to say to her niece-and vice versa . 
 `` he told me he wants you back . '' 
 `` of course he does , '' shana muttered . 
 that made sense . 
 now that she was out of his life , he missed everything she 'd done for him . 
 `` when he asked how your social life was these days-that 's exactly what he said-i told him about uncle adam and he was n't very happy , '' jazmine continued . 
 `` no , '' shana agreed . 
 `` he probably was n't . '' 
 just like brad to pump a nine-year-old for information . 
 `` i should n't have said anything , '' jazmine muttered , `` but i wanted brad to know he lost out on the opportunity of a lifetime . '' 
 that was a typically grandiose jazmine remark , and shana smiled . 
 still , it was gratifying to know brad missed her , even if it was for the wrong reasons . 
 he must 've been shocked to learn she 'd met someone else . 
 `` i hope you are n't mad . '' 
 `` no , but ... it is n't a good idea to be giving out personal information over the phone . '' 
 `` i know , but he kept asking me about your social life and if you were seeing anyone , and it felt good to tell him you were and that uncle adam is a lieutenant commander in the united states navy . '' 
 this was said with a good deal of pride . 
 shana bet that caused ol' brad to sit up and take notice . 
 `` i wish my mom was here , '' jazmine confessed suddenly . 
 `` i 'm worried about her . '' 
 shana wrapped her arm around jazmine 's shoulders and drew her close . 
 `` she seems to be in good spirits . '' 
 or she had been until recently . 
 `` she sounds happy when she e-mails me , '' jazmine said . 
 `` but sometimes i wonder if she 's telling the truth . '' 
 the kid certainly had her mother pegged . 
 jazmine leaned against shana . 
 `` this has been good , '' she said decisively . 
 `` it 's even better than a tea party . 
 except we did n't watch a movie or eat our ice cream-but we can do that now . 
 how about ... the first harry potter movie ? 
 i 've got the dvd . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` i 'm going to miss uncle adam , '' jazmine told her sadly . 
 `` it wo n't be the same without him . '' 
 shana could only agree . 
 jazmine was asleep an hour later . 
 she lay curled up on the sofa with an afghan covering her . 
 shana turned off the television set and logged on to the computer . 
 sent : july 15 from : the phone was still ringing and shana looked around to see where jazmine had disappeared . 
 normally she did n't need to worry about answering the phone because her niece leaped on it like a hungry cat on a cornered mouse . 
 `` i 'll get it , '' she called out when she saw that the bathroom door was closed . 
 grabbing the phone , shana cradled it against her shoulder and turned to the cupboard in a second attempt to find a supper solution . 
 `` hello . '' 
 the cupboard , stacked with canned foods , offered little in the way of ideas . 
 `` shana . '' 
 `` adam ? '' 
 in her excitement she nearly dropped the phone . 
 she 'd hoped she 'd hear from him , but had n't dared believe . 
 he missed her , he said ; he 'd been thinking about her . 
 instantly her heart went on alert . 
 she was afraid to put too much weight on a single phone call and yet so pleased it was all she could do not to leap up and down . 
 `` how 's my girl ? '' 
 he asked in a low , sexy voice . 
 shana sighed and leaned against the wall . 
 `` i 'm doing great . '' 
 especially now that she 'd heard from him . 
 `` i was asking about jazmine , '' he teased . 
 shana laughed . 
 `` she 's great , too . 
 i want you to know we had a pity party over you . '' 
 `` a what ? '' 
 `` never mind-it 's a girl thing . '' 
 she felt so buoyant , so happy , she could n't prevent a giggle from slipping out . 
 adam went directly to the reason for his call . 
 `` i got an e-mail from jazmine and it started me thinking . '' 
 `` you received an e-mail from her already ? '' 
 `` actually she sent this before i flew out . 
 can i ask you something ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` jazz said that brad phoned you recently . '' 
 `` jealous ? '' 
 she asked lightly , dismissing the question because he had no reason for concern . 
 it would be manipulative to play one man against another , and she refused to do it . 
 `` a little , '' he admitted with obvious reluctance . 
 `` i need to know if you 're serious about brad . '' 
 `` you 're phoning me all the way from hawaii because you 're afraid of a little competition ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` adam , you should know better than that . '' 
 `` competition does n't frighten me , but i have to know where i stand with you . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe you 're talking about brad , '' she said , letting her bewilderment show in her voice . 
 adam held his ground . 
 `` according to jazmine , you have what she calls issues and one of those issues is brad , and i figured - '' `` brad , '' she interrupted , `` is out of my life . '' 
 `` apparently no one bothered to tell him that . 
 i know of two times he 's contacted you . 
 are there others ? '' 
 shana was completely dumbfounded now . 
 `` you men are all alike , '' she snapped . 
 `` you 're so ... so territorial . 
 why are we even having this conversation ? '' 
 she lifted the hair from her forehead and pressed her hand there as if to contain her outrage-or her growing headache . 
 unfortunately it did n't work . 
 she could think of only one reason brad had revealed any new interest , and that was because he believed she 'd become involved with another man . 
 he considered shana `` his . '' 
 now adam was doing the very same thing . 
 `` are you upset with me ? '' 
 he had the audacity to ask . 
 `` you must be joking . '' 
 if she had to tell him , then there was something lacking in her communication skills . 
 `` yes , adam , i am upset . 
 you do n't seem to care about me . 
 your big concern is that i might be tempted to go back to brad . '' 
 they both took a moment to let the sparks die down . 
 shana was afraid to say anything more , afraid the conversation would deteriorate further and they 'd reach a point of no return . 
 the bathroom door opened then and jazmine stepped out , hair wrapped in a towel . 
 `` here , '' shana said , shoving the telephone receiver toward her . 
 `` it 's your uncle adam . 
 talk to him . '' 
 `` shana , we are n't finished yet , '' she heard him yell . 
 `` oh , yes , we are , '' she said loud and clear . 
 she just could n't resist . 
 jazmine tentatively accepted the phone , but the conversation was short . 
 angry , and uncertain how to cope with her anger , shana paced across the kitchen floor to the window and stood there , staring out at the garden . 
 jazmine turned to her after she 'd hung up the phone . 
 `` should i get out the ice cream ? '' 
 shana managed to smile . 
 `` you know , that does n't sound like a bad idea . '' 
 chapter seventeen commander frank dillon figured he had to be the biggest jerk alive , but in his own defense , his behavior toward smo karas was motivated strictly by self-preservation . 
 a week after he 'd gone back to sick bay , he was released . 
 unfortunately , it was n't soon enough . 
 every second he spent in close proximity to alison was pure agony . 
 more times than he wanted to admit , he had to remind himself that she was married . 
 married with a capital m. all he had to do was glance at the ring to remember she was off-limits . 
 granted , she 'd switched it to her right hand , but that act of deception actually bothered him more . 
 he 'd fallen for her , and fallen hard . 
 whenever he saw her , his heart did a free fall-like a paratrooper diving from a plane-until he saw that damned ring . 
 then he knew it was time to pull the rip cord and put an end to his ridiculous fascination with the woman . 
 this sort of thing did n't happen . 
 not to him . 
 he was particularly confused by the fact that although alison wore a wedding band , she 'd sent him some pretty clear signals-signals that said she was interested and available . 
 while he was undeniably tempted , frank felt sickened by her lack of respect for her husband and her vows . 
 he wanted nothing more to do with her . 
 back on the bridge at the end of his shift , frank knew the crew had been eagerly waiting for the uss woodrow wilson to make its port call in guam . 
 shore leave had been granted . 
 during his years in the navy , frank had sailed all over the world , and his favorite destination was the south pacific . 
 he 'd read many accounts of the action here during world war ii , as well as histories of the explorers . 
 `` you headed ashore ? '' 
 commander howden asked , joining frank on the bridge . 
 frank , still feeling the effects of his surgery , had decided against leaving the carrier . 
 there would be ample opportunity on other voyages . 
 `` not this time . '' 
 `` a few of us are talking about golf and dinner . 
 why do n't you come along ? '' 
 `` thanks , i 'll give it some thought . '' 
 frank would n't willingly admit it , but he felt too weak . 
 a round of golf would probably do him in . 
 howden started to walk away , then unexpectedly turned back . 
 `` i met the senior medical officer the other day-alison karas , '' he said casually . 
 frank stiffened at the sound of her name . 
 `` she 's a good woman . 
 i knew her husband . '' 
 frank 's jaw tightened at his use of the past tense . 
 `` knew ? '' 
 hal nodded . 
 `` he was killed a couple of years ago in a training accident . 
 he 'd been aboard the uss abraham lincoln . 
 you heard about it , '' he said . 
 `` yes-but i did n't make the connection . '' 
 frank spoke quietly . 
 `` no reason you should , i suppose , '' howden continued . 
 `` i just realized it myself . '' 
 frank felt angry with himself for the false assumptions he 'd made . 
 alison was a widow and all along , all this time , he 'd believed she was married and unfaithful . 
 he hated everything he 'd been thinking about her , hated the way he 'd magnified her supposed transgressions in his mind . 
 he knew why he 'd done it-because he was afraid of what might happen . 
 as soon as possible , frank went down to sick bay . 
 he needed-no , wanted-to apologize . 
 he could n't explain his behavior , but he could let alison know he regretted what he 'd said and done . 
 perhaps the best course of action was to leave things as they were , but he was unwilling to do that . 
 he found lieutenant rowland on duty in sick bay . 
 not an enviable task when the majority of his shipmates were touring paradise . 
 the lieutenant snapped to attention when frank came in . 
 `` can i help you , commander ? '' 
 frank returned the salute . 
 `` at ease . 
 i 'm looking for ali . 
 do you know where i might find her ? '' 
 `` ali ? '' 
 the young officer could n't hide his surprise . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sir , she 's gone ashore . '' 
 frank had guessed as much . 
 `` did she happen to mention where she was going ? '' 
 `` no , sir , but i suspect she 's headed toward the farmer 's market . 
 a few of the other women officers mentioned they were planning to check it out . '' 
 `` thank you , '' frank said as he spun around . 
 his energy had been waning , but adrenaline pumped through him now as he hurried off the ship . 
 fortunately , he was familiar with the island and grabbed the first taxi he saw , paying the driver handsomely . 
 the streets swarmed with sailors , tourists and locals . 
 the carnival-like atmosphere was everywhere . 
 music played , chickens squawked and locals hawked their wares , eager to separate the sailors from their hard-earned dollars . 
 the market was so crowded it was nearly impassable . 
 in this mass of humanity , frank wondered if locating alison was a lost cause . 
 that did n't discourage him , but he knew his odds were n't good . 
 what he should do , frank decided after a fruitless hour , was think like a woman . 
 the problem with that was he did n't know how a woman thought . 
 if he did , his marriage might 've lasted longer than two years . 
 marriage . 
 the word shot through his brain . 
 even if he located ali , he was n't sure exactly what he 'd say to her , or how she 'd react . 
 he 'd apologize , that much he knew . 
 he must 've been intolerable the entire time he was in sick bay , and he admired the way she 'd confronted him , admired her professionalism . 
 it was n't easy to admit he 'd been a colossal jerk ; if for no other reason , frank owed her an apology . 
 then , with his conscience clear , he 'd walk away and that would be the end of it . 
 suddenly he saw her . 
 she was with a group of female officers , examining a bolt of silk . 
 a flower lei was draped around her neck and the sun shone on her gleaming dark hair . 
 gazing at her , frank stood stock-still as the human traffic moved around him . 
 he watched ali run her palm over the red silk and ask the proprietor one question and then another . 
 frank could n't hear the man 's response , but apparently she did n't like it because she promptly shook her head and left without further haggling . 
 she had n't seen frank , since she was moving straight toward him . 
 he remained frozen , waiting for her to notice that he was there . 
 the two women with her recognized him first . 
 one of them , another lieutenant commander , tilted her head toward alison and he saw alison 's eyes swing in his direction . 
 almost immediately she looked away , an expression of discomfort on her face . 
 `` lieutenant commander karas , '' he said crisply , stepping up to her . 
 perhaps she 'd think he was on official business . 
 `` i need a moment of your time . '' 
 she blinked as if gathering her composure . 
 he scowled at her companions and they quickly took the hint . 
 `` we 'll meet up with you later , '' one friend stated , setting off . 
 the other lingered a moment , obviously concerned about leaving ali in the company of the ogre patient . 
 but at ali 's nod , she rejoined the first woman . 
 `` how can i help you , commander ? '' 
 ali asked . 
 her shoulders were back as if she expected another ugly confrontation . 
 frank was n't good at apologizing . 
 it was n't something he 'd had much practice at . 
 he began to speak , and then paused to clear his throat before he could get out even one short sentence . 
 `` i want to apologize for last week . '' 
 her eyes flared briefly , but she did n't respond . 
 `` i have no excuse for my rude and arrogant behavior , '' he went on , repeating the very words she 'd used to describe him . 
 he despised humiliation in any form , but in this instance he deserved it . 
 `` apology accepted , commander . 
 no one likes being sick and helpless . '' 
 `` that 's true , '' he agreed , willing to accept her explanation . 
 his remark was followed by silence . 
 frank usually did n't have problems expressing his views , but just then , standing in a crowded market in the middle of a south pacific island-standing there with ali-he could n't think of a single intelligent thing to say . 
 `` i appreciate everything you did to make my stay as comfortable as possible , '' he muttered . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' she said abruptly . 
 she seemed eager to leave . 
 frank did n't blame her . 
 `` is there anything else ? '' 
 she prodded when he did n't resume the conversation . 
 `` no , '' he said without inflection , but he wanted to scream that there was . 
 he just did n't know how to say it . 
 had they been anyplace else , he might have found the courage to let her know he admired her . 
 without another word , she turned and walked toward her friends who stood at a booth , ignoring the proprietor and focusing their attention on him and ali . 
 both women seemed to have plenty of opinions , because their heads were close together and they talked rapidly . 
 frank hated being the object of their scrutiny , but there was no help for it . 
 he 'd done what he could ; now he had to leave things as they were . 
 `` lieutenant commander karas , '' he called out sharply , stopping her . 
 alison glanced over her shoulder . 
 `` i heard-i 'm sorry about your husband . '' 
 for the briefest of moments , in the second or two it took her to blink , alison 's eyes went liquid with grief . 
 she quickly regained control of her emotions . 
 `` thank you , commander . 
 like you , peter dedicated his life to the navy . '' 
 he nodded and felt properly put in his place . 
 that said , ali joined her friends . 
 the three of them left and were swallowed up by the crowd . 
 if searching for ali was out of character , what he did next was even more so . 
 he returned to the silk merchant and purchased the entire bolt of fabric alison had so recently examined . 
 the hell if he knew what to do with fifteen yards of red silk . 
 chapter eighteen `` i 'd like to talk to you when you 've got a free moment , '' catherine said as soon as shana showed up for work monday morning . 
 dread instantly filled her . 
 it was said bad news came in threes . 
 adam had left for hawaii , brad wanted her back-or so he 'd claimed-and now she feared the worst calamity of all . 
 her most valued employee was about to quit . 
 shana could deal with just about anything except that . 
 `` n-now is convenient , '' she managed to stutter . 
 it was n't , but she 'd have an ulcer if she put this off . 
 catherine joined her in the kitchen but kept an eye on the ice-cream counter in case a customer came in . 
 `` you are n't going to quit , are you ? '' 
 shana asked point-blank . 
 catherine had quickly become her friend and confidante . 
 `` because if you do , i 'm throwing in the towel right now . '' 
 catherine brushed aside her concern with a wave of her hand . 
 `` of course i 'm not quitting . 
 i love my job . '' 
 relief washed over her , and shana reached out to hug the other woman . 
 `` i 'm so grateful ... i do n't think i could take much more . '' 
 `` that 's one of the reasons i thought we should talk , '' catherine said . 
 `` i do n't mean to put my nose where it does n't belong , but like i said when you interviewed me , i worked in the school cafeteria for almost fifteen years . 
 we were a close-knit group and were able to discuss everything with one another . '' 
 `` i want you to feel free to do the same here , '' shana assured her . 
 a smile relaxed the older woman 's features , and shana could see that she 'd been worried . 
 `` okay . 
 i have a couple of ideas i 'd like to try out , so we can take ice-cream requests in a more orderly fashion , '' catherine said , `` but i understand this is your business and i wo n't take offense if you do n't think they 'll work . '' 
 `` anything you can suggest would be appreciated , '' shana told her . 
 `` you 're my most important asset , and i want you to know that . '' 
 `` i wrote everything out for you to read at your leisure , '' catherine said , handing her an envelope . 
 shana tucked it inside her apron pocket . 
 `` please feel free to share any ideas you have with me , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm interested in all your suggestions . '' 
 catherine positively beamed at the praise . 
 `` now , i do n't want you to get the notion that i 'm taking over the shop or being dictatorial , '' she said . 
 that notion was laughable . 
 `` i 'd never have survived the last couple of weekends without you and your husband . '' 
 catherine 's eyes brightened at the mention of her husband . 
 `` louis had the time of his life . '' 
 they 'd been wonderful with the customers and reminded shana of the olsens , who 'd owned the shop for all those years . 
 catherine and louis were so natural with children and treated everyone like family . 
 shana envied their ability , and knew this kind of friendliness was a big reason her customers returned over and over again . 
 she 'd been fortunate to hire catherine , and louis was a bonus ... and a darling . 
 `` you know who to call if you want another day off . '' 
 catherine smiled . 
 `` in fact , louis said if you 're ever looking to sell , we 'd like the right of first refusal , but i told him you 'd just bought the business and it was n't likely you 'd be interested in selling . '' 
 `` no , but i 'll certainly keep that in mind . '' 
 shana had invested her entire financial future in this shop . 
 so far , she was meeting payroll and keeping her head above water , but this was her busy season . 
 the olsens had warned her that the winter months could be a fiscal challenge . 
 shana hoped to find ways to stay afloat when the weather was dreary . 
 ice-cream sales would decrease in winter , but she hoped the pizza part of the business would continue to flourish . 
 thankfully , lincoln park was much-used year round . 
 `` also , '' catherine added , sounding hesitant . 
 `` i know this is n't any of my concern , but it seems to me you have n't been yourself the last few days . '' 
 so it was that obvious . 
 `` is there a problem ? '' 
 the other woman asked gently , in the same way ali might have done had she been there . 
 trading e-mails was better than nothing but they were n't a substitute for face-to-face communication . 
 shana slumped against the wall and automatically shook her head . 
 for three nights straight , she had n't slept more than a couple of hours . 
 when she did manage to drift off , she dreamed of adam and then woke tired and depressed . 
 `` man troubles ? '' 
 catherine asked . 
 `` you do n't need to tell me , not unless you want . 
 but sometimes just talking things out with someone else can help . '' 
 shana nodded , reflecting that the school district had lost a wonderful employee . 
 in shana 's opinion , catherine was much too young to retire . 
 `` it 's just that , well ... this is complicated . '' 
 shana was n't sure how to explain without going into more detail than necessary . 
 `` does this have to do with brad or adam ? '' 
 catherine prompted . 
 shana 's mouth fell open . 
 `` how do you know about brad ? '' 
 her eyes narrowed and she answered her own question . 
 it could only be her niece . 
 `` jazmine . '' 
 catherine nodded , folding her hands . 
 she looked about as guilty as a woman can . 
 `` jazmine and i are friends , and the truth of it is , she confided in me because she 's worried about you . '' 
 `` she is , is she ? '' 
 shana could n't wait to ask jazmine about this . 
 `` jazmine is a dear girl and she meant well , '' catherine said immediately . 
 `` who else has she told ? '' 
 shana demanded . 
 apparently her heart-to-heart with her niece had n't been as effective as she 'd hoped . 
 jazmine seemed intent on spreading shana 's problems throughout the entire neighborhood . 
 `` i do n't think she 's mentioned it to anyone else , '' catherine was quick to reassure her . 
 `` certainly not charles . 
 i ca n't be positive , of course , but ... '' her voice trailed off . 
 `` of course , '' shana echoed . 
 jazmine was a handful . 
 spending her days at the park with friends or in the ice-cream parlor with shana was n't the ideal situation , but it was the best that could be done for now . 
 unless shana looked into some kind of summer camp for her ... `` the only reason jazmine said anything was because i asked her if she knew what was bothering you . 
 so if anyone 's to blame , it 's me , '' catherine insisted , her face reddening . 
 `` i apologize , shana . '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . '' 
 but shana decided she 'd still ask jazmine later . 
 `` is there anything i can do to help ? '' 
 catherine offered . 
 `` like i said , i 'm a good listener . '' 
 after several sleepless nights , shana could use some advice . 
 `` all right , '' she agreed with a deep sigh . 
 `` my life 's a bit of a mess at the moment , '' she said , then proceeded to tell catherine about her five-year relationship with brad and how it had ended . 
 she described how he 'd been an important part of her life , and then he was gone ; just after that , jazmine had arrived and on the heels of her niece adam kennedy showed up . 
 catherine nodded often during the course of their lengthy one-sided discussion . 
 `` are you in love with adam ? '' 
 she asked when shana had finished . 
 `` yes . 
 no . 
 how can i be ? '' 
 she paused . 
 `` good grief , i 'm the last person who 'd know . '' 
 `` you love brad , though ? '' 
 catherine continued . 
 `` no . '' 
 this came without the slightest hesitation . 
 `` although i loved him at one time . 
 at least , i believed i did . '' 
 `` i do n't think breaking off a relationship is ever as easy as we want it to be , '' catherine said thoughtfully . 
 `` we invest our hopes and dreams in a particular relationship , and when that does n't work out , we sometimes have difficulty admitting it . '' 
 `` that 's true . '' 
 shana nodded , remembering the years she 'd devoted to brad with such hope for a future together . 
 `` i wonder if what you really want is for brad to recognize how much he wronged you . '' 
 shana grinned . 
 that was so true , it was almost painful . 
 `` it gives women a sense of vindication , '' catherine pronounced solemnly , `` when a man realizes the error of his ways . '' 
 shana nodded again . 
 she wished she 'd talked to her friend weeks ago ; catherine saw everything with such clarity and insight . 
 `` are you tempted to take him back ? '' 
 `` not at all ... '' she let the rest fade . 
 `` you 're sure ? '' 
 `` yes , but ... '' the thought had only occurred to her now . 
 `` until i talk to him ... '' even as she said the words , shana knew that a telephone conversation would n't be enough . 
 she needed to see brad , talk to him in person , which she had n't really done , not after that one dramatic scene when she 'd confronted him with what she knew about sylvia . 
 then she 'd gone to seattle to think . 
 she 'd phoned him , but had n't spoken to him in person . 
 shana had never honestly explained her dissatisfaction with the relationship-aside from the sylvia issue-nor had she made clear that reconciliation was out of the question . 
 her severing of the relationship was n't a ploy to get him back . 
 and it was n't something she 'd done on a whim . 
 shana looked at catherine . 
 `` actually , '' catherine said , `` i think talking to brad is a good idea . '' 
 `` i do , too . '' 
 shana removed her apron and carelessly tossed it over the back of a chair . 
 `` can you take over for me ? '' 
 `` now ? '' 
 catherine asked , seemingly surprised at how quickly shana was acting . 
 `` please . 
 i 'll take jazmine to portland with me . '' 
 `` i 'll need to call louis , but i 'm pretty sure he has n't got anything planned for the next few days . 
 let me find out . '' 
 she walked over to the phone , and after just a minute 's discussion , replaced the receiver . 
 `` he said he 'd be delighted . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 her decision made , her resolve strong , shana went outside to collect jazmine . 
 `` one question , '' catherine said , stopping her on her way out the door . 
 `` what do you want me to say if adam phones ? '' 
 that was n't likely to happen , but she certainly did n't want her friend to divulge that she 'd gone off to see brad . 
 `` our last conversation ended kind of badly , so i doubt - '' `` you said that earlier , '' catherine broke in , `` but i bet he 'll be phoning soon . 
 he probably regrets how things went as much as you do . '' 
 shana did regret it and although she had n't said so , catherine had intuitively known . 
 `` tell him i 'm visiting an old friend out of town . '' 
 it would be the truth , because she planned to call gwen jackson as soon as she got home . 
 as she spoke , shana absently watched a delivery truck pull into the parking space in front of the restaurant . 
 the bell above the door jangled cheerfully , and catherine hurried out of the kitchen . 
 shana followed her , sorry their conversation had been interrupted . 
 all she saw was a large fedex box . 
 `` shana berrie ? '' 
 the delivery man asked . 
 catherine gestured toward shana . 
 `` i 'm shana , '' she responded , trying to remember if she 'd recently ordered anything that would come by overnight courier . 
 she could n't think of a thing . 
 jazmine trailed the delivery man inside . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 she asked excitedly . 
 `` i do n't know yet . '' 
 shana signed the clipboard and yanked the tab at the end of the box . 
 the sender 's name was that of a floral company in ... it started with a w but a large smudge obscured the rest of the word . 
 `` it 's probably from brad , '' jazmine muttered disdainfully . 
 `` i told you he wants you back . '' 
 `` no way , '' shana said , shaking her head . 
 anything he had to send her would n't come in a box . 
 she 'd been waiting for a small jewelry box from him long enough to guarantee that . 
 when the carton was open , two orchid leis slid onto the counter . 
 waikiki-that was it . 
 hawaii . 
 well , that was one puzzle solved . 
 catherine gave an immediate gasp of wonder at their delicate beauty . 
 `` uncle adam , '' jazmine burst out in a squeal of unrestrained delight . 
 `` is there a card ? '' 
 catherine asked . 
 shana searched the inside of the box and found it . 
 `` to my two favorite girls . 
 i miss you . 
 adam . '' 
 jazmine draped one of the leis over her shoulders , beaming with joy . 
 shana was n't nearly as pleased . 
 `` that was a cowardly thing to do , '' she declared . 
 just leave it to a man to let flowers do his talking for him . 
 well , she 'd deal with adam later , but at the moment she had another man on her mind , and that was brad moore . 
 chapter nineteen shana felt as if she was on a mission now . 
 what catherine had said was so true-it was as difficult to let go of the expectations created by a relationship as the relationship itself . 
 she needed to complete the process of disconnecting herself from brad . 
 the minute she arrived home , shana instructed jazmine to pack an overnight bag . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 jazmine asked , catching shana 's enthusiasm . 
 the lei still hung around her neck . 
 shana wore hers , too . 
 she appreciated adam 's gesture , but not as much as she would have if he 'd e-mailed or phoned her first . 
 she did n't want to think about him now , and yet it was impossible not to . 
 the orchids wafted a lovely scent , reminding her of adam and their shared kisses . 
 `` to portland . '' 
 `` portland ? '' 
 jazmine moaned . 
 `` why are we going there ? '' 
 shana already had her suitcase out of her closet and open on top of her bed . 
 she did n't need much-her pajamas , a set of clothes and clean underwear . 
 her toiletries and makeup . 
 that was it . 
 `` aunt shana ... '' she whirled around , almost forgetting jazmine was in the room . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 you asked me why we 're going to portland . '' 
 the girl deserved the truth . 
 `` i need to talk to brad . '' 
 `` brad ! '' 
 her niece spit out the name as if she had a bug in her mouth . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she cried with such a shocked look that shana nearly laughed . 
 `` you 're wearing uncle adam 's lei and you want to visit brad ? '' 
 `` i need to talk to him . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 `` it 's important , '' was all shana could tell her . 
 `` you 're not going back to him , are you ? '' 
 jazmine 's eyes pleaded with hers . 
 `` no . 
 now pack an overnight bag . 
 i want to head out as soon as we can . '' 
 shana had no intention of being away from the business for more than twenty-four hours . 
 she 'd already called gwen and left a message , asking if she could put them up for the night . 
 if not , they 'd get a hotel room-a reasonably priced one . 
 the trip would be an adventure , and shana would make an effort to see that jazmine had fun . 
 if there was time , they 'd stop at jensen beach to shop and play tourist . 
 her niece would enjoy that . 
 jazmine hesitated in the doorway . 
 `` you 're sure about this ? '' 
 `` very sure . '' 
 this was a conversation she should 've had with brad when she left him . 
 `` are you still in love with brad ? '' 
 jazmine asked urgently , staring up at her . 
 `` no . 
 i told you that . '' 
 jazmine frowned , apparently not entirely convinced . 
 `` do you always do stuff like this ? '' 
 `` you mean act on impulse ? '' 
 shana clarified . 
 she did n't think she did , but she realized she was only beginning to know herself . 
 buying the ice-cream parlor had been the first impulsive thing she 'd done in years . 
 now this . 
 perhaps it came from a new sense of having control over her own life . 
 `` are you packed ? '' 
 shana asked , knowing very well that she was n't . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 her niece dawdled for another few minutes . 
 `` i do n't think i can leave , '' she said with a shrug . 
 `` my garden needs watering , and uncle adam said it 's important to give the plants a drink every morning and every night . '' 
 a smile raised the edges of her mouth . 
 `` he said i should sing to them , but nothing too fast or with a strong beat . '' 
 shana smiled , too . 
 `` i think they can go without water for a day . 
 you can make it up to them later and give them an extra drink and sing a few lullabies . '' 
 jazmine still hesitated , then finally appeared to reach a decision . 
 she went into her own bedroom . 
 it seemed to take her niece forever to assemble what she needed . 
 when she reappeared , she was dragging her backpack behind her as if it weighed fifty pounds . 
 `` we can go now , '' she said with an undisguised lack of enthusiasm . 
 `` good . '' 
 shana stood by the car , waiting impatiently . 
 she wondered if jazmine had transferred the entire contents of her dresser into her backpack , but decided against asking . 
 `` everything locked up ? '' 
 shana had checked the back door and the windows . 
 jazmine nodded , climbed into the car while shana heaved her backpack into the trunk , and fastened her seat belt . 
 then she sighed heavily . 
 shana walked around to the driver 's side . 
 `` think of this as an adventure , '' she said in a breezy voice . 
 jazmine 's chin drooped to her chest . 
 `` are you going to tell uncle adam what you did ? '' 
 involuntarily shana fingered the lei . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe . '' 
 `` what if brad gets you to move back to portland ? '' 
 `` that wo n't happen , '' shana promised , hiding a smile . 
 `` i just do n't understand why it 's so important for you to see him again , '' jazmine whined . 
 `` you said it was over . 
 you said you did n't want to have anything to do with him again . 
 you said - '' `` i know what i said . '' 
 shana cut her off , started the car and pulled away from the curb . 
 jazmine was quiet for the first few minutes . 
 `` where will we stay the night ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` at a friend 's place . '' 
 `` what friend ? '' 
 `` gwen . 
 you have n't met her . '' 
 `` does she have kids ? '' 
 `` no , '' shana murmured as she merged onto the west seattle freeway and toward interstate 5 . 
 `` do i get to come along when you talk to brad ? '' 
 shana had n't actually considered that , but the answer was n't difficult . 
 `` probably not . '' 
 jazmine 's shoulders slumped forward . 
 `` that 's what i figured . '' 
 `` jazz , this is n't what you think . 
 i 'm going to see brad to tell him something ... '' only now were her thoughts catching up with her actions . 
 `` what ? '' 
 jazmine asked , looking at her for the first time since she got into the car . 
 `` to tell him i made the right decision when i left portland . '' 
 `` you mean you 're not sure ? '' 
 her niece seemed about to burst into tears . 
 `` no . 
 why are you so worried ? '' 
 jazmine stared out the passenger window as if the concrete freeway interchanges were the most fascinating scenery in the world . 
 `` brad phoned , and i told you and then ... then you and uncle adam had an argument , and now you 're driving to portland . 
 i 'm not stupid , you know . 
 i can connect the dots . '' 
 `` well , you 're looking at the wrong picture . '' 
 shana could understand why jazmine had reached those conclusions but they were n't correct . 
 `` you do n't need to be concerned , jazz . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` i want you to marry uncle adam . 
 do n't you want to ? '' 
 `` let me deal with one man at a time , okay ? '' 
 at the moment adam was the last person she wanted to think about . 
 `` once i talk to brad , you and i can discuss your uncle adam . '' 
 `` oh , sure , '' jazmine muttered . 
 `` you do n't have to explain anything to me . 
 i 'm just a kid , '' she said sarcastically . 
 shana sighed . 
 jazmine really ought to enroll in a drama class because she clearly had talent . 
 in fact , maybe they could find one when they got back ... `` did you mention this to mom ? '' 
 jazmine asked after a precious few moments of silence . 
 shana kept her eyes on the road . 
 `` there was n't time to e-mail her . '' 
 `` does your friend have a computer i can use ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure she does . '' 
 `` i 'll let mom know where we are and what you 're doing . '' 
 jazmine announced this with a great deal of satisfaction . 
 `` fine . '' 
 shana just bet the nine-year-old would delight in letting her mother know they were in portland . 
 smiling , she wondered how jazmine would embellish the tale . 
 `` what if he is n't there ? '' 
 uh-oh . 
 `` you mean brad ? '' 
 not once had shana stopped to consider that . 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't know . '' 
 this was n't a situation in which she 'd be comfortable leaving behind her newly printed business card . 
 if brad learned she 'd come by his office , or even his condo , he 'd assume the wrong thing . 
 `` he has to be there , '' she said aloud . 
 `` he just has to . '' 
 adam checked his watch and calculated the time in seattle . 
 three-thirty . 
 the leis should have arrived by now , according to the delivery schedule . 
 he imagined shana 's surprise and pleasure at opening the box and discovering the leis . 
 the orchids were supposed to pave the way for part two of his reconciliation plan-a phone call . 
 he was n't sure how it had happened , but somehow his previous conversation with shana had gone in completely the wrong direction . 
 he certainly had n't intended to become embroiled in an argument . 
 he could n't even figure out what kind of mistake he 'd made . 
 whatever it was , he sincerely hoped she was over it by now . 
 adam had talked to one of his friends about shana 's reaction . 
 john , another lieutenant commander , had said his wife always started an argument before he left . 
 apparently it was common among navy wives . 
 for whatever reason , women found it easier to send their men off to sea if they were upset with them about something . 
 adam did n't understand it , but john claimed their disagreement was simply shana 's way of letting him know she was in love with him . 
 that had taken adam by surprise . 
 shana loved him ? 
 shana loved him ! 
 he chose to believe it because he so badly wanted to . 
 he was n't much of a romantic , but the thought of shana waiting for him back in seattle made him happy in a way he 'd never experienced before . 
 he hurried home to make the call in privacy . 
 when he did n't think he could bear to wait another minute , he reached for the telephone and punched out the number for the ice-cream parlor . 
 leaning back on his sofa , feet stretched out on the coffee table , he listened to the ringing of the phone . 
 `` olsen 's ice cream and pizza parlor . '' 
 the man 's voice shook adam . 
 `` who 's this ? '' 
 `` who 's this ? '' 
 the male voice echoed . 
 adam dropped his stocking feet to the floor and leaned forward far enough to prop his elbows on his knees . 
 `` is shana there ? '' 
 `` no . 
 who 's calling , please ? '' 
 `` lieutenant commander adam kennedy . '' 
 `` oh , hello . '' 
 the voice instantly became friendly . 
 `` this is louis , catherine 's husband . 
 i 'd better let you talk to her . 
 hold on . '' 
 `` should i call back later ? '' 
 `` no , no , it 's fine . 
 here 's cath . '' 
 a couple of seconds later , shana 's number-one employee was on the line . 
 `` adam , hello . '' 
 she sounded slightly breathless . 
 `` what can i do for you ? '' 
 `` i actually called to talk to shana . '' 
 she paused a telltale moment . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but you missed her . 
 shana took jazmine on a. . . 
 short vacation . '' 
 adam 's disappointment was keen . 
 `` did the leis arrive ? '' 
 those had cost him a pretty penny , and he hoped they were n't sitting in a box wilting before shana even had a chance to see them . 
 `` oh , yes , and she was ... pleased . 
 jazmine , too . '' 
 `` did she mention where she was going ? '' 
 perhaps he should try reaching her on her cell . 
 he 'd just assumed she 'd be at the restaurant . 
 `` yes , yes , she did , '' catherine said . 
 she seemed distracted ; either adam had phoned at a bad time or she was reluctant to tell him exactly where shana had gone . 
 `` i 'll try her cell , '' he murmured . 
 `` you could do that , of course , '' catherine agreed politely . 
 `` but ... but she might be out of reach . '' 
 `` why ? 
 did they drive into the mountains ? '' 
 `` uh , no . '' 
 her hesitation made him suspicious . 
 `` the ocean ? '' 
 `` no , ah-listen , i need to go ... there are customers waiting . '' 
 `` catherine , '' adam said softly . 
 she was hiding something , and he wanted to know what . 
 `` i 'll tell shana you phoned . '' 
 `` you said jazmine 's with her ? '' 
 `` of course she is , '' catherine answered sharply . 
 `` what 's going on there ? '' 
 adam demanded . 
 `` where 's shana ? '' 
 catherine sighed deeply . 
 `` i told her . 
 the minute she said she was leaving , i told shana you 'd phone . 
 sure enough , here i am , having to tell you . '' 
 `` tell me what ? '' 
 `` shana 's in portland , visiting a friend . 
 gwen-a female friend . '' 
 she spoke with finality , as though she hoped that was the end of his questions . 
 `` portland ? '' 
 a chill raced down adam 's arms , one that had nothing to do with the tropical breeze coming through the sliding glass door . 
 `` i do n't suppose this has anything to do with brad ? '' 
 `` you 'll have to ask her that . '' 
 catherine sighed again . 
 `` i refuse to incriminate myself-or her . '' 
 adam snorted . 
 `` i see . '' 
 dammit , he did see-and he was n't enjoying the view . 
 chapter twenty shana 's stomach tensed with anxiety . 
 what had been a brilliant idea that morning seemed utterly ridiculous now . 
 she waited inside the lobby of brad 's office building , pacing back and forth , trying to put words to the mangled feelings inside her head . 
 she was not looking for a reconciliation . 
 but catherine 's insight had made her aware that she 'd abandoned her previous life without really settling matters with brad . 
 there were things that had to be said ... except now , all she could think about was adam . 
 thankfully jazmine was safely ensconced at gwen 's . 
 her friend was a nurse who worked the night shift ; she was up and about when shana and jazmine arrived on her front porch . 
 as soon as she heard the reason for shana 's visit , she 'd sent her off with a pep talk . 
 gwen 's encouragement had carried shana all the way to downtown portland . 
 however , shana 's resolve had quickly waned when she stepped inside the luxurious lobby . 
 all of a sudden , her tongue felt glued to the roof of her mouth , and when someone casually walked past and greeted her , her returning `` good afternoon '' came out sounding like `` goonoon . '' 
 mortified , shana hurried into the ladies ' room and locked herself inside a stall . 
 she had n't even bothered to change clothes . 
 filled with purpose , she 'd driven to portland in shorts and a t-shirt with a smudge of chocolate ice cream on the hem . 
 she was about to have one of the most important conversations of her life , and she resembled someone trying out for clown school . 
 sitting on the toilet seat , shana buried her face in her hands . 
 what was she thinking ? 
 she was astonished at her own audacity and horrified at this latest example of impulsive behavior . 
 her goal , when she left seattle in a heated frenzy , had been to make brad moore realize what he 'd lost-and whose fault that was . 
 she was going to end the relationship properly , definitively , for her own sake , and ultimately for his , too . 
 after coming this far , she refused to turn back . 
 she 'd simply buy something appropriate . 
 there was time . 
 that decision made , shana walked into an ultra-expensive boutique in the lobby . 
 either the sales clerk took pity on her or she was afraid shana was about to shoplift a mannequin , because she immediately shot out from behind the cash register . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 `` can you ever . '' 
 shana threw herself on the mercy of a complete stranger . 
 `` i need an outfit that 'll make a man rue the day he - '' `` say no more . '' 
 the clerk raised her hand . 
 `` i have just the dress . '' 
 she looked shana up and down . 
 `` size four ? '' 
 maybe ten years ago . 
 `` six , '' she muttered . 
 `` four . 
 this dress is expensive enough to be a four . '' 
 shana laughed . 
 she did n't care how much it cost ; her ego was at stake . 
 once she stood in front of the mirror , shana barely recognized the woman staring back at her . 
 the knee-length floral dress was simple yet elegant , fanning out at her waist in pleats that emphasized her h * ps and long legs . 
 `` wow , '' she whispered , impressed . 
 she did n't even glance at the price tag . 
 it was better not to know . 
 the clerk nodded approvingly . 
 `` perfect . '' 
 shana twisted around to take a gander at the back and decided that view was even sexier . 
 she hoped brad took a good , long look when she walked away . 
 not wanting to show up clutching a bag with her shorts and t-shirt inside-that kind of contradicted the classy image-she ditched her old clothes . 
 the only unfortunate part of the new outfit was the matching shoes . 
 the one pair left was a full size too small for shana , but the slinky sandals were gorgeous . 
 with a minimum of regret , she purchased them anyway . 
 by the time she walked out of the boutique , her little toe on each shoe had squeezed between the narrow straps and escaped . 
 she 'd be fine as long as brad did n't look at her feet . 
 shana was still testing her ability to walk when the elevator opened and brad moore entered the lobby . 
 swallowing her breath , shana nearly choked when brad saw her . 
 he stopped abruptly , his shock unmistakable . 
 `` shana , '' he cried . 
 he held out his arms to her , surprise replaced by delight . 
 `` you look fabulous . '' 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 now was n't the time for modesty , especially in light of what she 'd paid for this outfit . 
 she tilted her head to one side and allowed him to kiss her cheek . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 no need to beat around the bush . 
 `` i came to see you . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 he did n't bother to hide his enthusiasm . 
 `` shall we have a drink somewhere and talk ? '' 
 `` that would be fine . '' 
 she played it cool , refusing to let him see how flustered she was . 
 taking her by the elbow , brad led the way out of the high-rise office tower . 
 shana struggled to keep up with him , the too-tight shoes pinching her feet unmercifully . 
 her little toes hung over the edge of the shoes and she prayed no one would notice . 
 thankfully there was a hotel bar across the street . 
 brad led her to a small table , ordered them each a glass of merlot and grinned at her as if she were a delectable dessert . 
 the cocktail waitress brought their wine and brad sent a flirtatious glance in her direction . 
 once he 'd finished paying for their drinks , he smiled at her confidently . 
 `` you got my message ? '' 
 `` you mean the one you were n't willing to say to me yourself ? '' 
 he had the good grace to look embarrassed . 
 `` i would have if you 'd been home . 
 who is that kid , anyway ? '' 
 shana was surprised jazmine had n't enlightened him . 
 `` my niece . 
 you remember my sister , alison , do n't you ? 
 jazmine is her daughter . '' 
 `` i met your sister once , right ? '' 
 brad raised both eyebrows . 
 `` the kid 's got attitude . '' 
 he had n't seen anything yet . 
 `` how 've you been ? '' 
 he asked , but before she could respond he added , `` i 've missed you . '' 
 this was where-according to his script-she was supposed to tell him how lonely she 'd been without him and how much she regretted the things she 'd said and done . 
 he waited , and when she did n't immediately offer the desired response , he frowned . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're here . 
 we have a lot to discuss . '' 
 `` i came because - '' brad reached for her hand , stopping her . 
 `` you do n't need to say it . 
 we both made mistakes and we 're both sorry . 
 let 's leave it at that . '' 
 `` you think i made a mistake ? '' 
 `` that 's why you 're here , is n't it ? '' 
 she took her first sip of wine and let its smoothness flow over her tongue . 
 `` i came because when i walked out on you , i was angry and hurt . '' 
 `` i know ... '' `` i do n't feel either of those things anymore . 
 i wanted to look you in the eye , see what i used to find so attractive . '' 
 she sighed . 
 whatever it was had long vanished . 
 `` i really just came , brad , to clear the air once and for all , and to do it properly . '' 
 brad 's expression changed and he stared at her . 
 `` you are coming back to portland , are n't you ? '' 
 she loved this city and missed her job . 
 the ice-cream parlor demanded constant attention and supervision . 
 the hours were long and the financial compensation small . 
 as a pharmaceutical salesperson , she 'd been able to leave work at the end of the day and not give her job another thought . 
 having a business of her own was a completely different proposition . 
 the ice-cream and pizza parlor had seemed like an escape from an unhappy situation , but for the first time , she wondered if she 'd made the right decision . 
 `` shana ? '' 
 brad asked , breaking into her musings . 
 `` portland ? 
 i do n't know , '' she admitted honestly . 
 `` you love me , do n't you ? '' 
 he asked the question but she could tell he was n't as sure of himself as he 'd been earlier . 
 seeing the crack in his confidence weakened her resolve . 
 `` that 's just it , '' shana said . 
 `` i loved you so completely and i was so sure you loved me . '' 
 `` i do love you , '' brad insisted . 
 `` i know you were upset and you had every right to be . 
 i was a fool , but i swear to you it 'll never happen again . 
 i regretted it immediately . 
 i was sick that i lost you because of sylvia . '' 
 shana did n't trust him enough to believe his promises . 
 he seemed to be debating how much of the truth to reveal . 
 `` we went out two or three times , but that 's beside the point . 
 it did n't take me long to realize i 'd made the biggest mistake of my life . 
 it 's you i love , shana . 
 it 's you i want to be with . '' 
 the complete absence of the word marriage did n't escape her . 
 in other words , they 'd resume their relationship exactly where they 'd left off . 
 his script again-but not hers . 
 brad must have seen the strength and determination in her eyes . 
 `` you mean it , do n't you ? '' 
 he asked morosely . 
 `` this really is goodbye . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` but you loved me at one time . 
 i ca n't believe you do n't now . '' 
 a sad smile formed but she refused to answer him . 
 his own smile returned . 
 `` you do love me . 
 you would n't be here now if you did n't still have feelings for me . '' 
 brad 's gaze pleaded with her as he clasped her hand in both of his . 
 `` you do love me , '' he said again . 
 she remained silent , and all at once he seemed to realize she was n't changing her mind . 
 that was when he said the one thing that , a few months ago , might have swayed her . 
 `` i want to marry you . '' 
 even that did n't elicit a response . 
 `` i 'm sincere , shana . 
 i could n't be any more serious . 
 you set the date and the time . '' 
 rather than drag this out , she told him the truth . 
 `` i met someone else . '' 
 brad frowned . 
 `` is this the guy your niece mentioned ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` certainly did n't take you long , did it ? '' 
 he asked , sitting back . 
 `` so the real reason you 're here is to rub my face in it . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 until this moment she had n't planned to say anything about adam . 
 `` i thought you were in love with me . 
 pretty fickle , are n't you ? '' 
 she smiled , knowing she 'd asked for that . 
 `` i was in love with you , but that 's over . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` it 's funny , you know . '' 
 `` i 'm not laughing . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i did n't think it was possible to feel like this about a man on such short acquaintance . 
 adam 's good to me and to my niece ... he 's a family friend . 
 that 's how we met . '' 
 `` bully for you . '' 
 `` do n't , brad . '' 
 she had n't expected to be this honest with him but it seemed important . 
 she had no intention of being vindictive or mean-spirited . 
 she might not love him anymore , but she did n't begrudge him happiness . 
 `` and what does adam do ? '' 
 brad asked , his words hard and clipped . 
 `` oh , yes , i remember now . 
 he 's some big deal in the navy . '' 
 he lifted his brows dismissively . 
 `` so . 
 can you tell me exactly why you 're here ? '' 
 shana sipped her wine . 
 `` i came here this morning , convinced i had to see you . 
 i already told you why . 
 i felt-and still feel-that i had to end this relationship properly . '' 
 brad closed his eyes for a moment . 
 `` okay . 
 consider it ended . '' 
 `` thank you , '' she said graciously . 
 `` i even went so far as to buy this dress at a price so outrageous i 'll be making payments for the next six months . '' 
 she glanced down at her feet and tried to remember what size shoe her sister wore and hoped it was a seven . 
 `` so this outfit was for my benefit ? '' 
 shana nodded . 
 `` i wanted you to be sorry you lost me . '' 
 his eyes grew gentle . 
 `` i was sorry before you got here . 
 i 've been sorry for months . '' 
 despite her mood , she smiled . 
 `` that 's probably the sweetest thing you 've ever said to me . '' 
 `` so you did n't come here to make me feel bad about you and popeye ? '' 
 shana inhaled softly . 
 she knew exactly why she 'd found it necessary to drive to portland . 
 `` no , i did n't , '' she said softly . 
 `` i came to say goodbye . '' 
 chapter twenty-one adam kennedy was n't having a good day . 
 in fact , the entire week was down the septic tank , and he blamed shana berrie for that . 
 if she was trying to make him jealous , it was damned well working . 
 `` that 's what women do to you , '' his friend john told him . 
 they sat across from each other at navy headquarters for the pacific fleet . 
 `` they mess with your mind and they make irrational demands . 
 take my wife , for example . 
 angie got upset with me because there was a cockroach in the house , as if it 's my duty as her husband to rid the place of bugs . 
 can you believe it ? 
 she 's afraid of a stupid bug , and if i do n't deal with it , i might as well not go home tonight . '' 
 barely hearing his friend 's rant , adam scowled . 
 shana certainly had n't wasted any time giving up on him . 
 as far as she was concerned , it seemed to be out of sight , out of mind . 
 well , fine , great , whatever . 
 if she wanted to race back to lover boy , then that was perfectly fine by him . 
 the hell it was , adam decided quickly . 
 he had n't slept well ; his appetite was gone and he had a sick feeling that refused to go away . 
 he did n't know how everything had fallen apart so quickly . 
 in his view they 'd had a promising relationship , with emphasis on the past tense . 
 the phone rang and adam left it for john . 
 what he needed was a bout of hard exercise , but with his shoulder golf was still out of the question and swimming would be just as painful . 
 he could always jog , he supposed , but it was n't something he enjoyed . 
 john answered the phone , and adam watched as his gaze shot across the room . 
 he put the caller on hold . 
 `` it 's for you . 
 a woman . 
 says her name is shana . '' 
 he gave adam a significant look , both eyebrows raised . 
 it took adam a moment to assimilate that . 
 his pulse accelerated and then immediately slowed . 
 the call was most likely a courtesy to let him know she was going back to lover boy in portland . 
 with that in mind , adam reached for the telephone receiver . 
 he responded in a crisp military tone , keeping his voice devoid of emotion . 
 `` adam , hello , '' shana said , her own voice friendly . 
 adam nearly weakened , but he realized she was probably warming him up before she dropped the news . 
 she 'd led him on , he mused darkly , and now she was going to make a fool of him . 
 `` i wanted to thank you for the leis . 
 jazmine and i were thrilled . 
 it was so generous of you . '' 
 adam kept silent , bracing himself . 
 after an awkward moment , during which he said nothing , shana said , `` i feel badly about the way our last conversation went . '' 
 `` forget it , '' adam said in the same emotionless tone . 
 he wanted her to think it hardly mattered to him . 
 he should 've taken the hint then . 
 shana was trouble and he 'd best get out of this unpredictable relationship . 
 but even as the thought went through his mind , he did n't believe it . 
 `` i blame myself , '' shana added , `` for picking a fight with you . 
 i was just reacting to your leaving , i guess . '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` we had so little time , and i knew i was going to miss you so much . 
 jazmine , too , of course . '' 
 john had explained that this was the same reaction he got from his wife , but adam could n't really accept that . 
 why would shana care whether he was stationed in hawaii if she was going back to the guy in portland ? 
 she seemed to realize he was n't responding . 
 `` are you upset about something ? '' 
 she asked tentatively . 
 `` should i be ? '' 
 he answered her question with one of his own . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 her voice gained conviction , but gone was the sweet joy he 'd heard in her earlier . 
 now she sounded wary . 
 `` i understand you were out of town , '' he said , broaching the subject that was foremost on his mind . 
 his announcement was followed by stark silence . 
 `` you know about that ? '' 
 `` i do . 
 so if you 're planning to tell me what i think you are , i 'd appreciate if you 'd just say it and be done with it . '' 
 `` say what ? '' 
 `` you want out , '' he said flippantly . 
 `` so let 's just call it quits . '' 
 `` you 're willing to end this without another word ? '' 
 she seemed shocked-and annoyed . 
 `` i 'm not the one who drove down to visit an old lover . 
 you never did say how things went between you and bernie . '' 
 `` it 's brad , '' she corrected . 
 `` and you 're right , i did n't . '' 
 he waited , unwilling to cut off the conversation and at the same time reluctant to continue trading barbs . 
 `` is n't this all a little silly ? '' 
 shana asked . 
 `` when did you decide to go ? '' 
 `` in the morning . 
 it was a spur-of-the-moment idea . 
 jazmine and i spent the night with an old friend-an old female friend , '' she added . 
 `` i saw brad and we talked . '' 
 `` about what ? '' 
 he did n't mean to ask and wanted to withdraw the question the moment it left his mouth . 
 she paused , taking a moment before she answered . 
 `` i do n't remember if i told you i moved to seattle in kind of a rush . '' 
 `` you might 've said something like that . '' 
 he tried to play it cool , but the truth was , he hung on every word . 
 `` so i needed to see brad . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you did , '' he muttered , unable to disguise his sarcasm . 
 his comment generated a lengthy silence . 
 `` we had a chance to talk and to say certain things that needed to be said , '' she finally told him . 
 she did n't enlighten him as to what those things might be . 
 `` so you 're back in seattle ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i have to go now . 
 the only reason i phoned , '' she said , `` is to thank you for the leis . 
 jazmine and i love them . 
 now i should get back to work . '' 
 adam had to bite his tongue to keep from pleading with her to stay on the phone a bit longer . 
 he wished they could start the entire conversation over . 
 `` how 's jazmine ? '' 
 he asked , using the question as a delaying tactic . 
 `` fabulous ... wonderful . 
 thank you again for the orchids . '' 
 and with that , the line was disconnected . 
 he waited a few seconds while the buzz sounded in his ear . 
 adam replaced the receiver and glared at the phone as he replayed the conversation . 
 he knew he 'd made a number of tactical errors , and that was because his ego had gotten in the way . 
 `` so , how 'd it go ? '' 
 john asked conversationally . 
 `` not good . '' 
 `` sorry to hear that . 
 i told you-women mess with your mind . 
 you should 've figured that out by now . '' 
 john was right ; he should have . 
 the tension in adam 's stomach did n't diminish all day . 
 at the end of his watch , he returned to his quarters to find the message light on his phone blinking . 
 it was too much to hope that shana had called him a second time . 
 holding his breath , he pressed the message button . 
 jazmine 's voice greeted him . 
 `` uncle adam , what 's with you ? 
 you 've really blown it now . 
 call me at the house when you get home . 
 i 'll make sure i answer . '' 
 adam reached for the phone . 
 here he was , conspiring with a nine-year-old . 
 that was a sign of desperation . 
 chapter twenty-two ali was quite entertained by the tone of shana 's e-mails in the last week . 
 her sister was not in a good mood . 
 she 'd only brought up adam 's name once , but ali was well aware that the lieutenant commander was the sole source of shana 's irritation . 
 thankfully , jazmine had been able to fill ali in . 
 apparently adam and shana had some form of falling-out . 
 shana had driven to portland to say a final goodbye to brad , and adam was out of sorts about it . 
 from what jazmine said , they were currently ignoring each other . 
 ali did n't usually meddle in other people 's romances . 
 she had n't said anything when shana was involved with brad , and she would n't interfere now . 
 at least she did n't think she would . 
 but those two were perfect together , and it would be a shame if this relationship died because they were too stubborn to admit they were attracted to each other . 
 although ali suspected that their feelings had gone way beyond attraction ... preoccupied , she walked toward the wardroom . 
 she generally ate with the other officers at six every evening , but tonight she was later than usual . 
 life at sea had grown monotonous , and the days seemed to run into each other without any real break to distinguish one from the next . 
 when she entered the room , there were a few officers at various tables , but she noticed only one . 
 commander frank dillon . 
 ali had n't seen or talked to him since they 'd met in the farmer 's market in guam . 
 just seeing him again gave her pause . 
 she 'd thought about their brief conversation that very afternoon ; even now she was n't sure what to make of it . 
 her friends , too , were full of questions she had n't been able to answer . 
 ali filled her tray and started for a table . 
 `` good evening , commander , '' she said , greeting him . 
 `` ali . '' 
 he did n't look any too pleased to see her , if his scowl was any indication . 
 she sat down several tables away , but facing him . 
 it would be utterly rude to present him with her back . 
 `` i do hope you 've sufficiently recovered . '' 
 ali knew she sounded stilted but could n't help it . 
 she avoided eye contact by reaching for the salt shaker . 
 `` i have , thank you . 
 and you ? '' 
 his question caught her unawares . 
 `` i have n't been ill , commander . '' 
 `` yes , of course . '' 
 he stood as if he could n't leave fast enough and disappeared with such speed , it made her head swim . 
 clearly she was the last person he wanted to see . 
 only this time , ali did n't take offense . 
 she 'd come to the conclusion that she flustered commander dillon , which was a heady sensation . 
 she recalled how gruff and rude he 'd been in sick bay and , thanks to their brief conversation on guam , she finally understood the reason . 
 he 'd thought she was married . 
 the next evening , alison purposely delayed her meal and arrived at the same time as the night before . 
 sure enough frank was there , sitting at the same table , lingering over coffee . 
 he looked up and smiled uncertainly when he saw her . 
 `` good evening , commander . '' 
 she greeted him the same way she had the previous night . 
 after getting her meal , she chose a seat one table closer . 
 `` lieutenant commander . '' 
 his eyes held hers , and he did n't immediately leap up and run away . 
 `` i have a question for you , '' she said and again reached for the salt shaker . 
 it was a convenient excuse to avert her gaze . 
 she feared he might read her intense interest in him , which seemed to compound after each meeting . 
 he straightened . 
 `` fire away . '' 
 `` do i frighten you ? '' 
 he raised one eyebrow . 
 `` truthfully ? 
 you terrify me . '' 
 `` any particular reason ? '' 
 he expelled his breath . 
 `` as a matter of fact , there are several . 
 most of them would get me court-martialed if i mentioned them . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 she did n't really , but she was definitely curious . 
 `` does that amuse you ? '' 
 he asked , his face deadpan . 
 `` commander , are you flirting with me ? '' 
 this question seemed to take him aback , and he frowned . 
 `` i can assure you i would n't know how . 
 is that what you think i 'm doing ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'm not sure , but i do have another question for you . '' 
 `` all right . 
 i just hope it is n't as difficult as the first . '' 
 a hint of a smile touched his eyes . 
 alison dipped her fork into the creamy mashed potatoes . 
 `` i wonder , do you know anything about a bolt of red silk that was delivered to the ship in my name ? '' 
 `` red silk ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 'm afraid i ca n't help you there . '' 
 `` that is n't an answer to my question , commander . '' 
 he glanced at his watch , and as if he 'd suddenly realized he was late for an important meeting , abruptly stood . 
 he grabbed his coffee cup and took one last swallow before he excused himself and hurried away . 
 alison had n't known what to think when the silk had appeared in her quarters . 
 she was able to track down the petty officer who delivered it , and learned that the man from the market had brought it to the docks . 
 he 'd left instructions that it should be taken directly to her . 
 alison had badly wanted that silk , but the price was more than she 'd been willing to pay . 
 just before she drifted off to sleep the night before , she 'd remembered haggling with the silk merchant just before she 'd run into frank . 
 he must have purchased it for her . 
 it was the only thing that made sense-and yet it did n't . 
 but judging by the way he 'd reacted to her questions this evening , she had to wonder . 
 the following night when alison arrived at the wardroom , frank was n't there . 
 her heart sank with disappointment . 
 she really did n't have much of an appetite and ate very little of her meal . 
 she 'd almost decided against coffee but it was her habit to end her dinner with a cup . 
 just when she was ready to leave , uninterested in the remains of her cooling coffee , frank rushed in , looking harried . 
 `` good evening , commander , '' alison said , smiling her welcome . 
 hiding her pleasure at seeing him had become impossible . 
 he poured himself a cup of coffee and joined her . 
 this was progress . 
 they 'd begun by sitting several tables apart and had drawn closer with each encounter . 
 he was silent for a few minutes , concentrating on his coffee , methodically adding sugar and cream , then stirring . 
 `` you have children ? '' 
 he asked unexpectedly . 
 `` a nine-year-old daughter . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` jazmine is living with my sister in seattle right now . '' 
 he nodded again . 
 `` is this the first time you 've been apart for so much time ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 then , feeling it was only fair that she be completely honest , alison said , `` this will be my last duty assignment . '' 
 `` you 're leaving the navy ? '' 
 he made it sound like an incomprehensible decision . 
 `` my husband loved the navy the way you do . 
 he could n't imagine civilian life . '' 
 `` can you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` no . 
 but it 's something i have to do . '' 
 the navy had shaped her life , but now she had to put jazmine 's welfare first . 
 she was proud of how well her daughter had adjusted to a new environment , but a child needed roots and stability . 
 alison felt obliged to provide that , especially since she 'd become , however unwillingly , a single parent . 
 `` where will you settle ? '' 
 frank asked . 
 `` i have n't decided yet . 
 i 'm considering seattle . 
 jazmine seems to like it there , and it 's where my sister lives . '' 
 `` is she married ? '' 
 `` single , '' ali explained . 
 `` but she 's romantically involved with someone . '' 
 frank stared down into his coffee , cupped between his outstretched hands . 
 `` i do n't know much about romance . '' 
 he took a swig of coffee . 
 `` i 'm pretty much a failure in that department . '' 
 `` you 're divorced , are n't you ? '' 
 she recalled that he 'd told her this . 
 `` a long time now . '' 
 alison studied him as he sipped his coffee . 
 `` given up , have you ? '' 
 he raised his head , his gaze burning into hers . 
 `` until recently i had . '' 
 his shoulders rose as if he was taking in a deep breath . 
 `` it 's not appropriate to ask now , but i was wondering ... i was thinking that in a few months , when you 've ... resigned your commission , you might consider going to dinner with me . 
 it would n't mean anything . 
 i mean , there 'd be no obligation on either part , and if you 're not ready - '' `` commander , '' alison said , breaking into his soliloquy . 
 this was the most he 'd ever said to her at one time . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 he eyed her quizzically . 
 `` i 'd be honored to have dinner with you . '' 
 he seemed tentative , unbelieving , and ali smiled . 
 `` more than honored , '' she added softly and reached for her own coffee . 
 she needed a sip to ease the dryness in her mouth and throat . 
 `` it wo n't be for several months , '' he warned . 
 `` i 'm well aware of that , commander . '' 
 he sighed and looked away . 
 `` do n't take this personally , but it 's not a good idea for us to continue meeting here . '' 
 disappointment hit her hard . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 their meetings were completely innocent . 
 this was the third night in a row , and not once had they even touched . 
 `` lieutenant commander , '' frank said , his voice barely above a whisper . 
 `` you tempt me and while i 'm a disciplined man , i do n't think i can hold back my feelings for you indefinitely . 
 give me a date and a time i can meet you in seattle and i 'll be there . '' 
 alison met his eyes and smiled . 
 `` january twenty-seventh . 
 one o'clock in the afternoon . 
 at the bronze pig in pike place market . '' 
 she 'd chosen the date a bit recklessly , perhaps , but that was peter 's birthday , which made it easy to remember . 
 and she was very sure peter would approve ... chapter twenty-three `` are n't you going to call uncle adam ? '' 
 jazmine was pestering shana for about the hundredth time that week . 
 `` why should i ? '' 
 shana muttered , scooping ice cream from the bottom of the caramel pecan container and packing what remained into a quart-size one . 
 this was her life these days . 
 for at least two hours every day , she risked frostbite with her face in the freezer . 
 `` you know , '' she said , righting herself and holding up the ice-cream scoop for emphasis , `` when i moved to seattle , i decided i was finished with men . 
 i did n't need a man in my life then and i do n't need one now . 
 i 'm better off without them . '' 
 jazmine sat on the other side of the counter , her chin propped in her hands . 
 shana noticed that she was frowning . 
 `` we do n't need boys ? '' 
 `` we do n't , '' shana reiterated . 
 `` at all ? '' 
 `` well , technically we do , but only for reproductive purposes . '' 
 this was definitely an area she did n't want to get into with a nine-year-old . 
 `` but are n't they kind of fun to have around ? '' 
 she realized she was tainting her niece 's mind because of her own negative experiences . 
 that had to stop . 
 besides , adam had potential-or he did when he was n't overtaken by jealousy . 
 the thing was , he had absolutely nothing to be jealous about . 
 it was almost as if he wanted to be upset with her . 
 fine , then , she 'd just let him . 
 `` men have their uses , '' shana replied guardedly . 
 `` i thought you liked uncle adam . '' 
 `` i do ... i did ... i do . '' 
 while shana was still annoyed with adam , she missed him , too . 
 that was the point . 
 she did n't want to think about him , but she could n't help it-which annoyed her even more . 
 `` you should call him , '' jazmine suggested again . 
 shana refused to do that . 
 `` i phoned last time . 
 it 's his turn . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 her niece sounded distressed . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 shana asked , unsure what had brought the woebegone expression to jazmine 's face . 
 jazmine sighed deeply . 
 `` i was just hoping you liked uncle adam the same way he likes you . '' 
 now shana was the one frowning . 
 `` i do like him . 
 it 's just that two people do n't always see eye-to-eye . '' 
 this was difficult enough to explain to an adult , let alone a child . 
 `` sometimes it 's best to simply leave things alone . '' 
 `` it is ? '' 
 jazmine squinted as though confused . 
 `` is that how you felt about brad ? '' 
 shana thought for a moment , then nodded . 
 `` yes , in the beginning . 
 when i first broke up with him . '' 
 `` but you went to see him again 'cause you did n't like the way it ended , right ? '' 
 `` right . 
 i regretted the fact that i 'd run off in a fit of righteous indignation . 
 it was over , and i wanted him to know that in a civilized manner . '' 
 `` you are n't being impulsive now ? 
 about not phoning uncle adam ? '' 
 coming out from behind the counter , shana slid onto the stool next to her niece . 
 sighing expressively , she said , `` you 're pretty smart for a kid . '' 
 jazmine flashed her a bright smile . 
 `` how come ? '' 
 `` you just are . '' 
 her niece had told her what she needed to hear . 
 she 'd refused to phone adam strictly out of pride . 
 their last conversation had been painful . 
 she 'd been lighthearted and hopeful when she called him , but his gruff responses had short-circuited her joy . 
 he had n't phoned her since and she had n't phoned him , either . 
 they were behaving like children . 
 `` that 's what i do n't understand , '' jazmine murmured , returning to her original pose , chin cupped in her hands , elbows splayed . 
 `` you went to talk to brad , but you wo n't go see uncle adam . '' 
 `` he 's in hawaii . '' 
 it was n't like he was a three-hour drive down the interstate . 
 `` it is n't that easy to get to hawaii . '' 
 `` do n't they have ninety-nine-dollar flights there ? '' 
 `` i doubt it . '' 
 more than likely it would be five hundred dollars . 
 shana sat up . 
 then again , going to see him in hawaii might help clear up this misunderstanding-resolve this stalemate-and she wanted that . 
 she believed he did , too . 
 one of them had to make the first move and it might as well be her . 
 shana was shocked at herself . 
 she was actually considering this . 
 she 'd spent all that money on the dress she 'd worn to see brad , and now she was about to spend more . 
 she supposed she could always wear her new dress when-if-she went to see adam . 
 why not ? 
 `` you could check the computer , '' jazmine said confidently . 
 `` there are advertisements on tv all the time about airfare deals over the internet . '' 
 `` you think i should ? '' 
 jazmine nodded eagerly . 
 `` if you find a cheap ticket to hawaii , you should go . '' 
 `` i ca n't close the restaurant . '' 
 `` you do n't need to close it . 
 catherine ran it when we went to portland , '' jazmine reminded her . 
 `` and that was just to see brad . '' 
 she opened her mouth to claim that seeing brad was different . 
 well ... it was and it was n't . 
 she 'd been willing to make arrangements and a few sacrifices in order to talk to him . 
 and she cared about adam a hundred times more than she did brad . 
 `` remember tim , the single dad who wanted to go out with you ? '' 
 jazmine asked . 
 `` yes . 
 why ? '' 
 `` i saw him in the park . 
 he 's back with his wife and he said it was because of you . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 `` yup-he said you were the one who told him he was still in love with her . 
 he knew you were right but the hardest part was telling heather-that 's her name . 
 he 's really glad he did , though . '' 
 `` i 'm glad , too . 
 but why are you - '' before shana could finish the question , jazmine blurted out her reply . 
 `` because the hardest part is you telling uncle adam how you feel-so do it ! '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 shana closed her eyes . 
 she wanted this relationship with adam to work . 
 all the years she 'd been with brad , friends and co-workers had said he did n't deserve her , and she 'd refused to listen . 
 now the people she loved and respected most were telling her that adam was a dream come true-and once again she had n't been listening . 
 but that was about to change . 
 `` it all depends on whether louis and catherine can work while we 're away , '' shana murmured , biting her bottom lip . 
 `` they can , '' jazmine said immediately . 
 `` they love it here . 
 and if you marry uncle adam , they want to buy the business . '' 
 she leaned close and whispered conspiratorially , `` i heard them talking about it . '' 
 now that the idea had taken root , shana was convinced it was the right thing to do . 
 she knew that if she sat down with adam for five minutes , they 'd get past the false impressions and false pride . 
 she wanted him in her life ; it was that simple . 
 `` we 're going to hawaii ? '' 
 jazmine asked , her look expectant . 
 shana smiled and slowly nodded . 
 yes , they were going to hawaii . 
 adam might think this relationship was over , but she was n't willing to lose out on her best chance for happiness yet . 
 if everything went as she prayed it would , she just might end up with a navy husband . 
 adam 's bad mood had n't improved in a week . 
 a dozen times , probably more , he 'd lifted the receiver to call shana . 
 this estrangement was his fault . 
 but for reasons he did n't want to examine , he 'd been reluctant to phone . 
 okay , it was time to own up to the truth . 
 he 'd been waiting for her to break down and phone him . 
 after more than a week , he might as well accept that it was n't going to happen . 
 `` you feeling better ? '' 
 john asked when adam arrived at the office friday morning . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` what do you think are my chances of hitching a transport to seattle this weekend ? '' 
 john perked up . 
 `` you 're going to see her ? '' 
 adam nodded . 
 as best as he could figure , this was the only way he and shana would ever make any progress . 
 he was ready to take responsibility for his part in this fiasco and admit he 'd overreacted . 
 after all , she 'd said it was over between her and this bernie character . 
 from today , from this moment forward , he chose to believe her . 
 his next task was to tell her he 'd been wrong . 
 he did n't like apologizing , but having shana in his life was worth a few minutes of humiliation . 
 `` this is good news , '' john said , grinning broadly . 
 `` finally . '' 
 adam leaned back in his chair . 
 he 'd get to seattle one way or another , even if it meant paying for a commercial flight . 
 `` are you going to let her know you 're coming ? '' 
 john asked . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` so you 're going to surprise her ? '' 
 `` i believe i will , '' he said , already deep in thought . 
 he pictured the reunion : shana would be at the ice-cream parlor with a dozen kids all placing their orders at once . 
 she was great with kids , great with jazmine , patient and generous . 
 she 'd be scooping ice cream for all those kids , and then she 'd look up and there he 'd be , standing in the doorway . 
 he 'd wear his uniform . 
 women were said to like a man in uniform , and adam decided he needed all the help he could get . 
 he returned to his imagined scenario . 
 naturally shana would be astonished to see him ; she might even drop the ice-cream scoop . 
 their eyes would meet , and everything else in the room would fade as she came around the counter and walked into his embrace . 
 adam 's arms suddenly ached with the need to hold her . 
 until this very minute , he had n't realized just how badly he wanted shana in his life . 
 he 'd felt the need to link his life with a woman 's earlier that summer , and that need had grown stronger , more irresistible , ever since he 'd met shana . 
 `` you really think surprising her is such a great idea ? '' 
 john asked skeptically . 
 `` of course it is , '' adam said . 
 why would n't it be ? 
 chapter twenty-four `` i am so bummed , '' jazmine muttered , sitting in front of the computer after e-mailing her mother . 
 shana was disappointed , too , but she tried not to let it show . 
 she 'd spent half her day on the internet , searching for last-minute bargain tickets to honolulu . 
 apparently there was no such thing . 
 it did n't matter what she could or would have been willing to pay . 
 there simply were n't any seats available for the next few days . 
 the best rates were for the following week . 
 `` waiting a week wo n't be so bad , '' shana assured her niece . 
 `` we should let uncle adam know we 're coming . '' 
 that meant shana would have to pick up the phone and call him , which was something she had n't managed to do in more than two weeks . 
 jazmine was right , though . 
 it probably was n't fair just to land on his doorstep and expect everything to fall neatly into place . 
 the doorbell rang and jazmine was out of the computer chair and racing to the front door . 
 shana walked briskly behind her , uncomfortable with the girl flinging open the door without first checking to see who was there . 
 her worries were for nothing . 
 jazmine stood on the tips of her toes , peering through the tiny peephole . 
 she stared for the longest moment , then her shoulders sagged and she backed away . 
 `` it 's for you , '' she said in a disappointed voice . 
 shana moved in front of her niece and opened the door . 
 she was in no mood to deal with a salesman or a nuisance call . 
 when she found adam kennedy standing on the other side , she was stunned into speechlessness . 
 `` adam ? '' 
 his name was a mere wisp of sound . 
 he looked good , no , better than good . 
 great . 
 he was a thousand times more compelling than she remembered , and her heart felt in danger of bursting right then and there . 
 if their disagreement had given him a minute 's concern , his face did n't reveal it . 
 he seemed rested and relaxed . 
 he smiled , and shana 's knees started to shake . 
 it should n't be like this , the rational part of her mind inserted . 
 she should n't be this happy to see him or this excited . 
 but she was . 
 `` can i come in ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 jazmine was the one who answered . 
 the nine-year-old slipped around shana and held open the screen door . 
 judging by the broad smile on the girl 's face , anyone might think she was ushering in santa claus . 
 shana frowned . 
 `` you knew about this ? '' 
 she asked her niece . 
 jazmine shook her head , denying any knowledge . 
 `` but i fooled you , did n't i ? 
 you did n't guess it was adam . '' 
 then she grinned at the man in question . 
 `` we were coming to see you , only we could n't get a flight for this weekend . 
 we have tickets for next week . '' 
 `` you were flying to hawaii to see me ? '' 
 adam 's eyes probed shana 's . 
 she nodded , and found the shock of seeing him in the room with her nearly overwhelming . 
 placing her hand on her chest , she felt her heart hammer against her palm . 
 even with the evidence standing right in front of her , she had a hard time taking it in . 
 reaching for adam 's hand , jazmine led him into the living room . 
 `` you can sit if you want . '' 
 adam chose the sofa . 
 `` you , too , aunt shana , '' jazmine said , orchestrating events as though she were moving figures on a chessboard . 
 she took shana 's hand next and led her to the overstuffed chair . 
 `` okay , '' jazmine said , standing in the middle of the room between them . 
 `` you two need to talk . 
 i can go to my room or i can stay and supervise . '' 
 shana 's gaze did n't waver from adam 's . 
 `` your room , '' she murmured , hardly able to catch her breath . 
 `` your room , '' adam echoed . 
 `` really ? '' 
 jazmine 's frustration echoed in her voice . 
 `` go . '' 
 shana pointed down the hall , although her eyes were still on adam . 
 she was afraid that if she glanced away he might disappear . 
 jazmine started to walk in the direction of her bedroom . 
 `` i 'm leaving my door open , and if i hear any yelling , i 'm coming right back . 
 okay ? '' 
 adam 's mouth quivered with the beginnings of a smile . 
 `` okay . '' 
 after jazmine left , there was a moment of awkward silence-and then they both started to speak at once . 
 `` i 'm so sorry ... '' `` i 'm an idiot ... '' adam held up his hand and gestured for her to go first . 
 shana moved to the edge of the cushion , clasping her hands together . 
 `` oh , adam , i 'm so sorry . 
 i wanted to call you , i really did . 
 i thought about it so many times . '' 
 `` i was afraid of losing you . '' 
 `` that wo n't happen , '' she told him . 
 `` do n't you know how i feel about you ? '' 
 when he did n't reply , she said , `` i was n't planning to fall in love again , but - '' `` you love me ? '' 
 he interrupted . 
 shana had n't meant to declare her feelings so soon , and certainly not like this . 
 the way she 'd envisioned the scene , it would be a romantic moment over dinner and champagne , not in the middle of her small rental house , with her niece standing in the bedroom doorway listening to every word . 
 `` she does , '' jazmine answered for shana . 
 `` she 's been impossible ever since you went to hawaii . '' 
 `` jazmine , '' shana warned . 
 `` sorry , '' the girl muttered . 
 `` maybe it 'd be best if you closed your door , '' adam suggested . 
 jazmine stamped her foot and shouted `` okay , '' but when shana 's gaze shot down the hallway , she noticed that her niece 's bedroom door was only halfway shut . 
 `` you were saying ? '' 
 adam said and motioned for her to continue . 
 `` i forget where i was . '' 
 `` i believe you 'd just declared your undying love for me . 
 i 'd like to hear more . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you would , '' she said , smiling despite their interruptions , `` but i was thinking it would be good to hear how you feel , too . '' 
 `` you will , i promise , '' adam assured her , `` but i 'd appreciate if you finished your thoughts first . 
 you were saying you had n't planned to fall in love ... '' shana lowered her eyes . 
 it was difficult to think clearly when she was looking at adam . 
 the effect he had on her was that powerful . 
 `` i think sometimes love finds you when you least expect it . 
 as you might 've guessed , my opinion of the opposite sex was somewhere in the basement when i came to seattle . 
 and then jazmine arrived . 
 at first i envied the easy relationship you two shared . 
 and my sister could n't stop singing your praises . '' 
 `` you were n't in the mood to hear anything positive about a man . 
 any man . '' 
 `` exactly , '' shana concurred . 
 `` but you were so patient with jazmine and ... you were patient with me , too . '' 
 `` i was attracted to you from the moment we met . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` you knocked my socks off . '' 
 they both grinned at that . 
 then his expression grew serious again . 
 `` having this surgery was n't a pleasant experience . '' 
 he pressed his hand gently to his shoulder . 
 `` i was in pain , and my life felt empty , and all of a sudden you were on the scene . 
 i felt as soon as we met that i could love you . '' 
 `` you did ? '' 
 her voice lifted with joy . 
 `` and i do love you . 
 i recognized that i had to give you time . 
 coming out of a long-term relationship , you were bound to need an adjustment period . 
 i understood that . 
 but i do n't think you have any idea how badly i wanted to be with you . '' 
 `` you love me , '' she repeated , hardly hearing anything else he 'd said . 
 `` you love me ! '' 
 `` i know you wanted to marry bernie - '' `` it 's brad , and no ... not anymore . '' 
 `` good , because i 'm hoping you 'll marry me . '' 
 jazmine 's bedroom door flew open . 
 `` aunt shana , say yes . 
 i beg of you , say yes ! '' 
 `` jazmine ! '' 
 shana and adam shouted simultaneously . 
 `` okay , okay , '' the nine-year-old moaned and retreated back inside her bedroom . 
 adam hesitated only briefly . 
 `` well , what do you think ? '' 
 `` you mean about us getting married ? '' 
 just saying the words produced an inner happiness that radiated from her heart to every single part of her . 
 `` being your wife would make me the happiest woman alive . '' 
 adam stood and she met him halfway . 
 seconds later , they were locked in each other 's arms and his mouth was on hers . 
 from the way he kissed her , she knew he 'd been telling the truth . 
 he loved her ! 
 after several deep kisses , adam raised his head and framed her face with both hands . 
 his eyes bored intently into hers . 
 `` one question , and if my asking offends you , i apologize in advance . 
 i need to know something . '' 
 `` anything . '' 
 his eyes flickered with uncertainty . 
 `` why was it necessary to talk to ber-brad ? '' 
 shana sighed and kissed his jaw . 
 `` i wanted to say goodbye to him properly . '' 
 `` and you intended to see me next week . '' 
 she nodded , then caught the lobe of his ear between her teeth and gently bit down on the soft flesh . 
 the shiver that went through him encouraged her to further exploration . 
 `` what were you going to say to me ? '' 
 he asked , his voice a husky whisper . 
 `` hmm ... '' she responded , her thoughts clouded with desire . 
 `` hello , and that i 'm crazy in love with you . '' 
 `` good answer . '' 
 adam directed his mouth back to hers , and soon they were deeply involved in another kiss . 
 the sound of a throat being cleared broke into shana 's consciousness several seconds later . 
 `` did you two forget something ? '' 
 jazmine asked , hands on her hips . 
 `` like me ? '' 
 shana buried her face in adam 's shoulder . 
 `` howdy , squirt , '' he managed in a voice shana barely recognized as his . 
 `` this is all very good , but we have a wedding to plan , you know . '' 
 `` a wedding ? '' 
 shana lifted her head and murmured , `` we have plenty of time to work on that . '' 
 `` i do n't think so , '' jazmine insisted . 
 `` we 'll be in hawaii next week . 
 we should do it then . 
 let 's get this show on the road ! '' 
 `` next week ? '' 
 shana looked questioningly at adam , not sure that arranging a wedding in such a short time was even possible . 
 `` would you be willing ? '' 
 he asked , catching jazmine 's enthusiasm . 
 shana nodded . 
 `` of course , but only if ali can be there . 
 i want her at our wedding . '' 
 adam brought her close . 
 `` i do , too . '' 
 jazmine applauded loudly . 
 `` i know it is n't good manners to say i told you so , '' she announced with smug satisfaction , `` but this time i ca n't help it . '' 
 `` we 'll let you , '' adam said , his arms around shana . 
 `` because this time you 're absolutely right . '' 
 shana leaned against the man who would soon be her husband and sighed with contentment . 
 she 'd never known that being wrong could feel so right . 
 chapter twenty-five `` mom ! '' 
 jazmine slammed into the bathroom of shana 's old house in west seattle , where ali was preparing for work . 
 they 'd been living there for the last seven weeks , ever since her discharge from the navy . 
 her life and that of her sister 's had been a whirlwind for the past half year . 
 once shana and adam had decided on marriage , their wedding had happened fast , but not quite as fast as originally planned . 
 fortunately-for the convenience of the guests-it had taken place in seattle , not hawaii . 
 no sooner had ali returned to san diego in december than she boarded a plane to washington for the wedding . 
 from everything she heard , in phone calls and e-mails , shana and adam were blissfully happy and enjoying life in honolulu . 
 at the end of her tour , alison had left the uss woodrow wilson and within a matter of weeks was released from her commitment to the navy . 
 because shana had signed a lease on the rental house in seattle , ali was able to move there . 
 jazmine was back in the same school now and doing well . 
 ali liked seattle and it was as good a place to settle as any . 
 the retired couple who 'd purchased shana 's ice-cream and pizza parlor had been accommodating and helpful when ali arrived in seattle . 
 they loved her daughter and she loved them , too . 
 `` mom , '' jazmine repeated . 
 `` do you remember what today is ? '' 
 as if anyone needed to remind her . 
 `` yes , sweetheart , i remember . '' 
 `` it 's dad 's birthday-and it 's the day you 're meeting commander dillon . '' 
 apparently her daughter felt it was necessary to tell her , anyway . 
 `` what time ? '' 
 she asked urgently . 
 `` one o'clock in pike place market . '' 
 alison had arranged a half day off before she 'd been hired at west seattle hospital . 
 her hand shook as she brushed her hair . 
 frank and alison talked nearly every day and sent e-mail messages when it was n't possible to chat on the phone . 
 because of navy regulations , they 'd controlled their growing attraction and their intense feelings for each other while they were aboard the carrier . 
 but now that alison had been officially discharged , they were free to explore those emotions , and to express them . 
 circumstances had made that challenging ; alison had moved to seattle and frank was stationed in san diego with the uss woodrow wilson . 
 `` he 's going to ask you to marry him . '' 
 `` jazmine ! '' 
 overnight her daughter had turned into a romance expert . 
 given the success of her matchmaking efforts with shana and adam , the girl was convinced she had an aptitude for this . 
 `` mom , commander dillon would be a fool not to marry you . '' 
 frank and jazmine routinely chatted via the internet , too . 
 maybe her daughter knew something she did n't , but alison doubted it . 
 `` you 're in love with him , '' jazmine said with all the confidence of one who had insider information , `` and he 's crazy about you . '' 
 `` jazmine ! '' 
 `` yup , that 's my name . '' 
 alison put down her brush and inhaled a calming breath . 
 `` i 'm very fond of frank ... he 's a wonderful man , but we barely know each other . '' 
 `` i like him , '' her daughter said . 
 `` i know and i like him , too . '' 
 `` like ? '' 
 jazmine scoffed and shook her head . 
 `` who are you kidding ? 
 i do n't understand adults . 
 every time i tell him he should marry you , commander dillon - '' `` what ? '' 
 alison exploded , outraged that her daughter had this sort of conversation with frank . 
 her face burned with mortification ; she could only imagine what he must think . 
 `` do n't go ballistic on me , mom . 
 you know commander dillon and i e-mail each other . '' 
 `` yes , but ... '' `` okay , okay , '' jazmine asserted , shaking her head as if she were losing her patience . 
 `` here 's the deal . 
 you and commander dillon talk , and if you need me to sort anything out for you , just let me know . 
 he 's coming to dinner tonight , is n't he ? '' 
 `` i invited him , but - '' `` he 'll be here . '' 
 she kissed alison on the cheek and added , `` i 've got ta go or i 'll be late for the bus . 
 have a great day . '' 
 with that jazmine headed out of the bathroom . 
 she grabbed her coat and backpack , and adjusted her hood against the january drizzle . 
 alison followed her to the door and watched her daughter meet her friends and walk to the bus stop . 
 jazmine seemed utterly sure that this meeting with frank would have a fairy-tale ending . 
 alison wished she shared her daughter 's positive attitude . 
 she was nervous and did n't mind admitting it . 
 in an effort to settle her nerves , alison reached for the phone to call her sister . 
 remembering the time difference between the west coast and hawaii , she replaced it . 
 eight seattle time was far too early to phone shana and even if she reached her , alison would n't know what to say . 
 by noon when she left the hospital and drove into downtown seattle her stomach was in a state of chaos . 
 jazmine knew her far too well . 
 alison did love frank . 
 she had for months , and now they were finally meeting at the time and place they 'd arranged last summer . 
 because she was no longer in the navy , there were no official barriers between them . 
 as for other kinds of obstacles ... she did n't know . 
 after parking in a waterfront lot , alison climbed the stairs up to pike place market , coming in the back entrance . 
 they 'd agreed to meet at the figure of the bronze pig in front . 
 her heart pounded hard , but that had little to do with the flight of stairs she 'd just climbed . 
 a glance at her watch told her she was fifteen minutes early . 
 a part of her feared frank would n't show . 
 shades of that old movie , an affair to remember . 
 it had started to rain and the sky was dark gray . 
 this was an ominous sign as far as alison was concerned . 
 the fishmongers were busily arranging seafood on beds of crushed ice as tourists and shoppers crowded the aisles . 
 with extra time on her hands , alison could do a bit of shopping . 
 but her nerves were stretched so tight she did n't think she was capable of doing anything more than standing next to the bronze pig . 
 to her surprise , frank was already there , looking around anxiously . 
 he seemed uncomfortable and unsure of himself , and almost immediately ali 's unease left her . 
 `` did you think i would n't come ? '' 
 she asked softly , walking over to meet him . 
 from experience , alison knew frank was n't a man who smiled often . 
 but when he saw her , his face underwent a transformation and he broke into a wide grin . 
 alison was n't sure who moved first , but in the next moment , she was in his arms . 
 they clung to each other for a long time . 
 it would be completely out of character for him to kiss her in such a public place , and she accepted that . 
 `` have you had lunch ? '' 
 he asked , as she reluctantly stepped out of his embrace . 
 `` no , but there 's a great chowder bar on the waterfront , '' she told him . 
 as they held hands , she led him down the same path she 'd recently taken from the parking area . 
 she liked the feel of his hand in hers , and the way that simple action connected them . 
 they ordered fish and chips and ate outside under a large canopy on the wharf , protected from the elements . 
 she felt too tense to be hungry . 
 they talked very little . 
 `` the ferry 's coming in , '' alison said and by unspoken agreement they walked to the end of the pier to watch it glide toward the dock . 
 standing side by side , they gazed out over the choppy water of puget sound . 
 after a few minutes , frank placed an arm around her shoulders . 
 alison leaned against him , savoring this closeness to the man she loved . 
 without warning , he turned her so that she faced him and then he kissed her . 
 his mouth was gentle and she instinctively opened to him . 
 seconds later his hands were in her hair , bunching it as he slanted his lips over hers and his kiss grew more insistent . 
 with his arms around her , frank rested his chin on her head . 
 `` i told myself i would n't do that , '' he said in a low voice . 
 `` not here , not like this . '' 
 `` i think i would 've died if you had n't , '' she whispered back . 
 `` i 'm no bargain , alison . '' 
 `` stop . '' 
 `` no , i mean it , but god help me , i love you and i know i 'll love jazmine , too . '' 
 alison smiled softly . 
 `` she 's eager to meet you in person . '' 
 his arms relaxed as he brushed his lips against her temple . 
 `` i have a week 's leave , but then i have to head back to san diego . 
 it is n't much time to make an important decision , but i 'm hoping that by the end of the week you 'll know how you feel about me . '' 
 alison did n't need any time ; her decision was made . 
 `` i know you loved peter and that he 's jazmine 's father , '' frank continued . 
 `` i 'll always love peter , '' alison said . 
 `` i want you to . 
 he was your husband and he died serving his country . 
 i respect him and i have no intention of replacing him in your life or jazmine 's . '' 
 `` frank , what are you saying ? '' 
 he inhaled harshly . 
 `` i was hoping , praying actually , that by the end of this week you might know your feelings well enough ... what i mean is that i 'd like you to be my wife . '' 
 `` i do n't need a week - '' `` you do , '' he told her , `` we both do . '' 
 and he kissed her again with such abandon and joy that when he released her , alison was convinced she 'd rather be in his arms than breathe . 
 a week later , just before frank was scheduled to return to san diego , the three of them planned dinner together . 
 while alison flitted about the kitchen checking on their meal , jazmine set the table . 
 before they sat down to eat , frank pulled two small boxes out of his pocket and ceremonially placed them on the table . 
 alison was carrying a large green salad and nearly dropped the bowl when she saw the velvet cases . 
 frank glanced at her with a mildly guilty look . 
 `` if you 'd rather wait until after dinner , that 's fine , but i know i 'd enjoy the meal a lot more if i had your answer first . '' 
 `` do i get to choose between two rings ? '' 
 she asked , wondering why he 'd brought two boxes . 
 `` no , '' he said . 
 `` there 's a necklace in one of them for jazmine . '' 
 her daughter came out of the kitchen clutching three bottles of salad dressing . 
 it did n't take her long to assess the situation . 
 `` the answer is yes , '' jazmine stated matter-of-factly . 
 `` yes , '' alison echoed , nodding vigorously . 
 frank opened the first of the two velvet boxes and slipped the small single-pearl necklace around jazmine 's neck and fastened it . 
 `` i felt it was important that i make a promise to you , too , '' he said to ali 's daughter . 
 `` i wanted to assure you that i will love you . 
 i plan to be a good stepfather and , most importantly , i vow to always love your mother . '' 
 jazmine blinked back tears and so did alison . 
 `` i 'll wear it every day and i swear i 'll never lose it . '' 
 frank hugged the child . 
 then he opened the second box and took out a large solitaire diamond ring . 
 while alison tried not to weep , he slipped it onto her ring finger . 
 he held her gaze , and in his eyes alison saw his love and the promise he was making . 
 `` i love you , '' he whispered . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 the doorbell chimed , and before jazmine could race toward it , the door opened and shana hurried into the house , adam directly behind her . 
 `` we are n't too late , are we ? '' 
 she asked , laughing and excited . 
 `` frank 's still here , is n't he ? '' 
 `` shana . '' 
 alison ran across the room to her sister and they threw their arms around each other . 
 frank and adam shook hands and introduced themselves . 
 `` actually , your timing 's perfect , '' alison told shana , and with tears clouding her eyes , she thrust out her left hand so her sister could examine her engagement ring . 
 shana squealed with joy and hugged alison excitedly , then hugged her brother-in-law to be . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 alison asked . 
 `` we did n't , '' adam answered . 
 `` we came because we have some exciting news of our own . '' 
 `` we 're pregnant , '' shana burst out . 
 now it was alison 's turn to shout with happiness . 
 `` can i babysit ? '' 
 jazmine asked . 
 `` i could spend the summers with you in hawaii and - '' `` we 'll decide that later , '' alison said , cutting her daughter off . 
 `` we were about to sit down for dinner . 
 join us , '' she insisted . 
 the two women immediately went into the kitchen . 
 while alison got out extra silverware , shana took the dinner and salad plates from the cupboard , along with two extra water glasses . 
 jazmine promptly delivered them to the table . 
 shana paused . 
 `` less than a year ago who would 've believed we 'd both have navy husbands ? '' 
 `` navy husbands , '' alison repeated as her diamond flashed in the light . 
 `` it has a nice sound to it , does n't it ? '' 
 `` the nicest sound in the world , '' shana agreed . 
