 1 the puppet that bites on top of the cabinet in the back of my father 's workshop - which was my grandfather 's workshop and will one day be mine , if i want it - there is a puppet . 
 this is unsurprising , since it 's a puppet workshop . 
 but this puppet , alone of them all , is imprisoned in a glass case , and the thing that 's driven me crazy my whole life is this : the case does n't open . 
 it was my job to dust it when i was little , and i can tell you for a certainty : it has no door , no keyhole , no hinges . 
 it 's a solid cube , and was constructed around the puppet . 
 to get the puppet out - or ` let it out , ' in my grandfather 's words - you 'd have to break the glass . 
 this has been discouraged . 
 it 's a nasty-looking little bastard , some kind of undead fox thing in cossack garb - fur hat , leather boots . 
 its head is a real fox skull , plain yellowed bone , unadorned except for the eyes in its sockets , which are black glass set in leather eyelids , too realistic for comfort . 
 its teeth are sharpened to little knifepoints , because whoever made it apparently did n't think fox teeth were ... sharp enough . 
 ` sharp enough for what ? ' 
 my best friend , karou , wanted to know , the first time i brought her home to Česky krumlov with me . 
 ` what do you think ? ' 
 i replied with a creepy smile . 
 it was christmas eve . 
 we were fifteen , the power was out due to a storm , and my brother , tomas , and i had led her out to the workshop with only a candle for light . 
 i admit it freely : we were trying to freak her out . 
 the joke was so going to be on us . 
 ` your grandfather did n't make it ? ' 
 she asked , fascinated , putting her face right up to the glass to see the puppet better . 
 it looked even more maniacal than usual by candlelight , with the flickering reflections in its black eyes making it seem to contemplate us . 
 ` he swears not , ' said tomas . 
 ` he says he caught it . ' 
 ` caught it , ' karou repeated . 
 ` and where do grandfathers catch ... undead fox cossacks ? ' 
 ` in russia , of course . ' 
 ` of course . ' 
 it 's deda 's best , most terrifying , and all-time most-requested bedtime story , and that 's saying something , because deda has a lot of stories , each one absolutely true . 
 ` if i 'm lying , may a lightning bolt slice me in two ! ' 
 he always declares , and no lightning bolt has yet obliged him , on top of which , for every story , he furnishes ` proof . ' 
 newspaper clippings , artifacts , trinkets . 
 when we were little , tomas and i believed devoutly that deda himself ran from the rampaging golem in 1586 -lrb- he has a lump of petrified clay in the rough shape of a toe -rrb- , hunted the witch baba yaga across the taiga at the behest of catherine the great -lrb- who presented him an order of st. george medal for his troubles -rrb- , and , yes , cornered a marauding undead fox cossack in a sevastopol cellar in the final days of the crimean war . 
 proof of that escapade ? 
 well , aside from the puppet itself , there 's the scar tissue furling the knuckles of his left hand . 
 because , yeah , that 's the story . 
 the puppet ... bites . 
 ` what do you mean , it bites ? ' 
 asked karou . 
 ` when you put your hand in its mouth , ' i said , cool , ` it bites . ' 
 ` and why would you put your hand in its mouth ? ' 
 ` because it does n't just bite . ' 
 i dropped my voice to a whisper . 
 ` it also talks , but only if you let it taste your blood . 
 you can ask it a question , and it will answer . ' 
 ` any question , ' said tomas , also whispering . 
 he 's two years older than me , and had n't shown this much interest in hanging around with me in more than a decade . 
 it 's possible it had something to do with my stunning new best friend , who he 'd been following around like an assigned manservant . 
 he said , ` but only one question per person per lifetime , so it better be good . ' 
 ` what did your grandfather ask it ? ' 
 karou wanted to know , which is exactly what we wanted her to ask . 
 ` let me just put it this way : it 's in the case for a reason . ' 
 the story is elaborate and gruesome . 
 truly , if i ever turn out to be a murderer or something , the newspapers can pretty much say , she did n't have a chance to be normal . 
 her family twisted her from the day she was born . 
 because what bedtime stories to tell little kids ! 
 they 're full of corpses and devils and infestations , unnatural things hatching from your breakfast eggs , and the sounds of bones splintering . 
 i thought everyone was like this , that every family had their secret haruspex uncles , their ventriloquist resistance fighters , their biting puppets . 
 a normal bedtime , deda would conclude with something like , ` and baba yaga has been hunting me ever since , ' and then c * ck his head to listen at the window . 
 ` that does n't sound like claws on the roof , does it , podivna ? 
 well , it 's probably just crows . 
 good night . ' 
 and then he 'd kiss me and click out the light , leaving me to fall asleep to the imagined scrape of a child-eating witch scaling the roof . 
 and i would n't have it any other way . 
 i mean , who would i be if i 'd been raised on milquetoast bedtime stories and not forced to dust the glass prison of a psychotic undead fox cossack ? 
 i shudder to think . 
 i might wear lace collars and laugh flower petals and pearls . 
 people might try to pat me . 
 i see them think it . 
 my height triggers the puppy-kitten reflex - must touch - and i 've found that since you ca n't electrify yourself like a fence , the next best thing is to have murderer 's eyes . 
 the point is , i would n't be ` rabid fairy , ' which is karou 's nickname for me , or ` podivna , ' either , which is deda 's . 
 it 's for mucholapka podivna , or venus flytrap , in honor of my ` quiet bloodthirst ' and ` patient cunning ' in my lifelong war with tomas . 
 anyone with an older brother can tell you : cunning is required . 
 even if you 're not miniature like me - four foot eleven in a good mood , as little as four foot eight when in despair , which is way too often lately - morphology is on the side of brothers . 
 they 're bigger . 
 their fists are heavier . 
 physically , we do n't stand a chance . 
 hence the evolution of ` little-sister brain . ' 
 artful , conniving , pitiless . 
 no doubt about it , being a little sister - emphasis on little - has been formative , though i take pride in knowing that tomas is more scarred by years of tangling with me than vice versa . 
 but more than anyone or anything else , it 's deda who is responsible for the landscape of my mind , the mood and scenery , the spires and shadows . 
 when i think about kids -lrb- which is n't often , except to wish them elsewhere and stop just short of deploying them hence with my foot -rrb- , the main reason i would consider ... begetting any -lrb- in a theoretical sense , in the far-distant future -rrb- is so that i can practice upon small , developing brains the same degree of mind-molding my grandfather has practiced on us . 
 i want to terrify little kids , too ! 
 i want to build spires in their minds and dance shadows through like marionettes , chased by whispers and hints of the unspeakable . 
 i want to torture future generations with the puppet that bites . 
 ` he asked it how and when he was going to die , ' i told karou . 
 ` and what did it say ? ' 
 she seemed freaked out , which maybe i should have questioned , because though we 'd only been friends for a few months and i knew next to nothing about her , it was clear she was a cool cucumber . 
 the puppet 's a pretty horrible specimen , though , and the storm was loud , the candlelight pale . 
 the stage was set . 
 ` it opened its bare-bone jaws , ' i said , mustering my full theatricality , ` and in a voice like dead leaves blowing down an empty street , it told him , though it had no way of knowing his name , you will die , karel novak ... when i kill you ! ' 
 at that moment , tomas bumped the glass case so that the puppet seemed to jump , and karou gasped , and then laughed and punched him in the arm . 
 ` you two are terrible , ' she said , and that should have been the end of it . 
 that was the extent of our prank - amateur hour , i see that now - but ... karou gasped again . 
 she grabbed my arm . 
 ` did you see that ? ' 
 ` see what ? ' ' 
 i swear it just moved . ' 
 and she looked scared . 
 her breathing went shallow , and she was holding my arm really tight , just staring at the puppet . 
 tomas and i shared an amused look . 
 ` karou , ' i said , ` it did n't move - ' ` it did . 
 i saw it . 
 maybe it 's trying to tell us something . 
 jesus , it 's probably starving . 
 how long has it been in there , anyway ? 
 do n't you guys ever feed it ? ' 
 and the look tomas and i shared then was more of the um , what ? 
 variety , because until that moment , karou had seemed normal enough . 
 okay , fine . 
 karou never seemed normal , with her blue hair and tattoos and drawing monsters all the time , but she did seem mentally sound . 
 but when she started worrying about the skull puppet being hungry , you had to wonder . 
 ` karou - ' i started to say . 
 she cut me off . 
 ` wait . 
 it wants to tell us something . 
 i can feel it . ' 
 she was staring at it , and she hesitantly leaned toward it so her face was a foot or so from the glass , and then asked it , in this tentative , gentle voice - like you would a body you found lying in the street and did n't know if it was drunk or dead - ` are you ... okay ? ' 
 for a second , nothing happened . 
 of course nothing happened . 
 it was a puppet in a glass case . 
 no one was touching it . 
 without a doubt , no one was touching it . 
 karou was clinging to me , tomas had stepped back from the cabinet , and i know i did n't do it . 
 so when all of a sudden it turned its head and snapped its jaws at us , i screamed . 
 tomas did , too , and so did karou . 
 knowing what i know now , i laud her evil chops for that scream . 
 not for a second did it occur to me that she might be responsible . 
 i mean , why would it ? 
 she clearly had n't touched it . 
 all my childhood terror over the puppet that bites came flooding instantly back . 
 it was true , it was all freaking true , and if that story was true , maybe all of deda 's stories were , and oh my god , how many times had i considered breaking the glass , and if i had , would we all be dead ? 
 i do n't even remember running . 
 just , the next thing i knew , the three of us had crossed the courtyard from the workshop and were slamming through the back door into the kitchen , shrieking . 
 the house was full of a christmas crowd of aunts and uncles and cousins and neighbors , all well-acquainted with deda 's stories , and there were gales of laughter to see us - teenagers ! 
 - beside ourselves with terror , babbling that the puppet was alive . 
 ` no , really , it turned its head . 
 it snapped its jaws ! ' 
 no one believed us , and tomas sealed our fate when , within minutes , he backpedaled and claimed credit for the whole thing . 
 ` you should have seen your faces , ' he said to karou and me , as if he could erase his own high , thin shriek from our minds . 
 he put on that smug oh you kids face that is so deeply infuriating in older siblings , made all the worse because he was so absolutely lying . 
 for this treachery he would pay dearly a couple of days later , but that 's another story . 
 the point of this story is that i will never forget the sound of those sharpened fox teeth snapping together , three times in rapid succession , and i will never forget the perfect clarity of terror that thrilled through me as , in an instant , my long-dead belief in magic flared back to life . 
 it would n't last . 
 it would die back down again to a low flicker of uncertainty , but it turns out i was right to believe . 
 it was magic . 
 just not the kind i thought . 
 the puppet that bites is just a puppet , but ... karou is not just a girl . 
 that christmas eve was my first exposure to scuppies , though i would n't know it for more than two years - two years she let me believe the puppet was hungry , that minx - until a couple of weeks ago , when kishmish flew on fire into her window and died in her hands . 
 that was ... a shock . 
 seeing kishmish die was a shock . 
 seeing him at all was a shock , and finding out that he 's real - or he was real - and not just some flight of fancy from karou 's imagination . 
 at a glance he just looked like a crow , but once you focused on him , your brain started to issue error messages : something was n't right , was n't normal . 
 and then : oh , it was his wings . 
 they were bat wings . 
 and his tongue . 
 it was a serpent 's tongue . 
 interesting , that , and it was just the point of entry . 
 it was n't only kishmish . 
 everything in karou 's sketchbooks was real , and the african trade beads she always wears are actually wishes . 
 ` nearly useless wishes , ' that is , since scuppies are the weakest kind . 
 she 's traveling right now , trying to get her hands on more powerful ones , but before she left prague she gave me a present . 
 i 'm looking at them right now . 
 in the palm of my hand , the size of pearls , no two alike in color or pattern and indistinguishable from african trade beads , are five scuppies . 
 nearly useless they may be , but even one scuppy would be more magic than i 've ever held in my hand before , and i have five . 
 five tiny secret weapons to add a spice of magic to a certain plan i 'm cooking up . 
 what plan , you ask ? 
 the plan to finally - finally , finally - meet violin boy , and sweep him off his feet . 
 me , sweep him off his feet ? 
 i know . 
 the laws of the jungle and romance novels would have it the other way around , but i 'm not going to wait one more second for that . 
 milquetoast girls raised on princess stories might sit tight and bat their eyelashes in desperate morse code - notice me , like me , please - but i am not that girl . 
 well , to be honest , i 've been that girl for three months now , and i 've had enough . 
 what 's happened to me ? 
 when karou talks about butterflies in the belly and invisible lines of energy and all that , i make fun of her for being a hopeless romantic , but dear god . 
 butterflies ! 
 invisible lines of energy ! 
 i get it . 
 i feel liquefied , like a cucumber forgotten in the crisper drawer , and i want to hold myself at arm 's length and carry me to the trash . 
 who is this sack of slush masquerading as me ? 
 it 's intolerable . 
 if karou can sally forth to track down the most awful people in the world and steal wishes from them , then i can meet a damned boy . 
 i am a rabid fairy . 
 i am a carnivorous plant . 
 i am zuzana . 
 and violin boy 's not going to know what hit him . 
 2 that kind of alien here 's what i know : his name is mik . 
 he plays violin in the orchestra of the marionette theater of prague . 
 if we 're talking facts , that 's it . 
 that 's all i 've got . 
 but we 're not talking facts . 
 we 're talking whatever i feel like talking , so i will tell you that mik is one of those people you can look at and totally imagine as a kid . 
 you know how some people were absolutely never children , but just came from a catalog fully grown , while other people you do n't even have to squint to imagine them charging down the stairs on christmas morning in superhero pajamas ? 
 mik 's the latter . 
 it 's not that he 's ` boyish , ' though i guess he is a little - but only a little - it 's just that there 's something direct and real and electric and pure that has n't been lost , the intense , undiluted emotion of childhood . 
 most people lose it . 
 they get all tame and cool . 
 you know how some people think cool equals bored , and they act like they 're alien scientists who drew the short straw and ended up assigned to observe this lowly species , humans , and they just lean against walls all the time , sighing and waiting to be called home to zigborp-12 , where all the fascinating geniuses are ? 
 yeah , well , mik does n't sigh or lean , and his eyes are fully open like something awesome might happen at any time and he does n't want to miss it . 
 if he 's an alien , he 's an alien from a gray planet without pizza or music , and he freaking loves it here . 
 so there 's a non-fact about mik . 
 he 's that kind of alien . 
 you know , um , as gleaned from casual observation . 
 from a distance . 
 over several months of stalking watching . 
 -lrb- it 's not stalking if you do n't follow them home , right ? -rrb- 
 he blushes when he plays the violin . 
 that 's kind of a fact , i guess . 
 he 's fair-skinned , with those pink cheeks that make him look like he 's just come in from the cold , and he 's really soft-looking . 
 nuzzle-able . 
 he 's not hairless or anything ; he 's got sideburns and a goatee . 
 he 's a man , but he 's got , like , cartoon princess skin . 
 do n't ever tell him i said that , even though i mean it in the best possible way . 
 he 's got the manliest cartoon princess skin . 
 he 's probably twenty-one or twenty-two , and though he 's not miniature like me , he 's not too tall , either . 
 maybe five eight ? 
 to the nak * d eye , he 's decent kissing height if i wear platforms , though of course a live test will be required before official certification of kissing compatibility can be issued . 
 it will be issued . 
 soon . 
 or i might implode . 
 because let 's just say that the kind of alien i am is the kind from a planet of lipless dinkmonkeys and drooling slugboys , where affection of the facial variety carries a deep risk of grossness . 
 by which i mean ... i have not yet elected to bestow the grace of my saliva upon another human being . 
 i have never ... kissed anyone . 
 no one knows this , not even karou . 
 it 's a secret . 
 my previous best friend suspected , and now she 's at the bottom of a well . 
 -lrb- not really . 
 she 's in poland . 
 i had nothing to do with it . -rrb- 
 until now , kiss candidates have been , at best , untempting . 
 there are boys you look at and want to touch with your mouth , and there are boys you look at and want to wear one of those surgical masks everyone in china had during bird flu . 
 there are a lot more bird-flu boys at large . 
 but mik i want to touch with my mouth . 
 his mouth , with my mouth . 
 maybe his neck , too . 
 but first things first : make him aware i exist . 
 it 's possible that he is already aware , if only in a ` do n't step on the small girl ' kind of way . 
 we work in the same theater on the weekends . 
 we occasionally pass within reach of each other . 
 without reaching . 
 his proximity does something weird and unprecedented to me . 
 my heartbeat speeds up , i become unusually aware of my lips , like they 've been activated for duty , and i flush . 
 a while back , for fun and evil , karou and i used to practice our you are my slave come-hither eyes on backpacker boys in old town square , and i have to say i got pretty good at it . 
 you need to imagine you are sending little tractor beams with your eyes , drawing the boy irresistibly toward you . 
 or fishhooks : grosser , equally effective . 
 it works ; try it . 
 you have to really visualize it , the beam going out from your eyes and locking onto theirs , seizing them , compelling them . 
 next thing you know they 're coming over and the new challenge is getting rid of them . 
 -lrb- we found that acting jumpy , with lots of furtive glances over our shoulders and saying in a super-heavy czech accent , all mysterious and imploring , ' i beg you , go now , for your own safety , please , ' generally does the trick . -rrb- 
 once karou met that toolbag kaz , our backpacker-boy games came to an end , but that 's okay . 
 i had perfected my you are my slave eyes . 
 i should be set . 
 but around mik , my powers desert me . 
 forget come-hither eyes ; i lose basic motor function , like my brain focuses all neural activity on my lips and shifts into kiss preparedness mode way too early , to the detriment of things like speech , and walking . 
 so while i could do the normal thing and try talking to him - ` nice fiddling , handsome man ' has been proposed - i do n't trust my mouthparts not to betray me by either stuttering into silence or puckering up . 
 also , there are always people around in the theater , potential witnesses to humiliation , and that is unacceptable . 
 no , i have to lure him out , like a will-o ' - the-wisp , tease him deeper and deeper into the forest until he is lost and doomed . 
 without the forest or the doom - just the luring . 
 like a venus flytrap that says i am a delicious flower come taste me and then snap ! 
 devour . 
 without the devouring . 
 well , maybe a little devouring . 
 here we go . 
 i have scuppies in my pocket and lust in my heart . 
 tonight 's the night . 
 3 treatments for female baldness i text karou : tonight 's the night . 
 her reply comes at once , which makes me feel like she 's in town , just at her flat or at poison or something , which she so is n't . 
 she writes : you will conquer . 
 you are napoleon . 
 -lrb- pre-waterloo of course . 
 and cuter . -rrb- 
 hmm . 
 i text back : so you 're saying i should ... attack him ? 
 karou : yes . 
 stun him with your amazingness . 
 he will look back at his life up till now as the pale dream before the goddess . 
 his real life starts tonight . 
 a little over the top , maybe , but i appreciate the vote of confidence . 
 where are you , madwoman ? 
 - south africa . 
 trying to track down this poacher . 
 do n't think he wants to be found . 
 - that sounds ... safe ? 
 - and fun ! 
 someone stole my hairbrush out of my hotel room , and left a dead snake hanging from the doorknob . 
 by its mouth . 
 - what ? 
 - just another day in africa . 
 better see a witch doctor for some all-purpose curse removal . 
 hope i do n't have to drink blood this time . 
 - blood ? 
 what kind of ... never mind . 
 do n't tell me . 
 do n't . 
 - human . 
 duh . 
 - i said . 
 - just kidding . 
 no blood-drinking . 
 i better go . 
 you . 
 have a spectacular time falling in love tonight . 
 want to switch lives ? 
 this gives me pause for a second , because it 's the closest karou has come to complaining since the night we stood in front of that doorway in josefov and watched blue fire burn it to nothing . 
 she was in shock , and in grief , and in fury , but never a hint of self-pity . 
 after she spent just one day of reeling , hugging herself , and staring , we buried kishmish in letna park , and then she kind of slapped the slackness out of her face and forced her eyes into focus and came up with a plan . 
 which in turn inspired me to come up with one , too , but yeah , mine 's more kissing and less blood-drinking . 
 so there 's that . 
 i text back : if i say ` no ' am i a bad friend ? 
 - never . 
 just remember every detail . 
 i need fairy tales right now . 
 rabid ones . 
 i love her . 
 i write back : i promise . 
 please be safe . 
 and that 's the end of it , because she does n't reply . 
 i picture her disengaging a stretched snake mouth from a doorknob in order to get into a lonely hotel room somewhere in africa and i feel this mix of disbelief and belief , protectiveness and vicarious sadness , lostness . 
 guilt . 
 part of me thinks i should be with her on this crazy chase she 's on , but i know i 'm not fit for it . 
 i ca n't fight , or speak zulu or urdu or whatever , and she 'd have to worry about protecting me , and anyway , i did offer . 
 she said no . 
 she said i 'm her anchor : i have to connect her to ` real life , ' stay in school , keep her updated on wiktor the living mummy , and professor anton 's nose hair , and whether kaz dares show his face at poison kitchen . 
 and mik . 
 i have to talk to mik . 
 she was pretty insistent about that . 
 if all goes well tonight , there will be talking . 
 at some point . 
 one assumes . 
 i 'm just not starting with it . 
 i 'm starting with a drawing . 
 i 've been working on it for a couple of weeks , redoing it over and over , and it 's finally good enough : a drawing worthy of launching a love affair . 
 love affair . 
 does n't that sound so middle-aged ? 
 and also ill-fated . 
 like ill-fated is an understood prefix to love affair . 
 well , ill-fated is fine , as long as it 's a meaty and fraught ill-fated love affair , not a pale and insipid one . 
 i 'm not looking for fate . 
 i 'm seventeen . 
 i 'm looking for kissing , and to move forward a few paces on the game board . 
 you know , do some living . 
 -lrb- with my lips . -rrb- 
 the drawing 's in my bag with my other ... props . 
 a few things have already been set up around town . 
 it all had to be ready before i go to work , and i go to work ... now . 
 hello , marionette theater of prague . 
 just another saturday . 
 just walking up the steps with my bag of tricks , no scheming here ... oh my god , there he is . 
 knit cap , brown leather jacket , violin backpack . 
 sweet , cold-pinked cheeks . 
 what a lovely display of personhood . 
 he 's like a good book cover that grabs your gaze . 
 read me . 
 i 'm fun but smart . 
 you wo n't be able to put me down . 
 there 's a little bounce in his walk . 
 it 's music . 
 he 's got headphones on - the fat , serious kind , not the weenie earbud kind . 
 i wonder what he 's listening to . 
 probably dvořak or something . 
 he 's wearing a pink tie . 
 why do n't i hate it ? 
 i hate pink . 
 except on mik 's cheeks . 
 hello , mik 's cheeks . 
 soon we shall know each other better . 
 aah ! 
 eye contact . 
 look away ! 
 -lrb- did he just ... blush ? -rrb- 
 feet , help me out here . 
 we 're on a collision course . 
 unless we take immediate evasive action , we 're going to meet him right at the door . 
 panic ! 
 hey , look at this fascinating notice on the wall ! 
 i must pause here and tear off one of these little phone-number tabs so that i can call and inquire about the life-changing effects of ... treatments for female baldness ? 
 awesome . 
 ` it 's not for me , ' i blurt , but the danger is past . 
 while i was staring in rapt fascination at the female-baldness flyer , mik slipped into the building . 
 close call . 
 we almost - in karou parlance - ` entered each other 's magnetic fields for the first time . ' 
 he would have had to hold the door for me . 
 i would have had to acknowledge it with a nod , a smile , a thank you , and then walk in front of him down the entire length of the hallway , wondering whether he was looking at me . 
 i know how that would go . 
 i 'd suddenly become conscious of the many muscle groups involved in the art of walking , and try to consciously control each of them like a puppeteer , and end up looking like i 'm in a loaner body i have n't mastered yet . 
 this way , i can walk down the hallway looking at him . 
 hello , back of mik . 
 on his violin backpack is a bumper sticker that reads : everything is a miracle . 
 it is a miracle that one does not melt in one 's bath . 
 - picasso which totally does not make me imagine mik in the bath . 
 because that would be wrong . 
 good-bye , back of mik . 
 he goes through his doorway , and i go through mine , and thus is perpetuated for another night one of the world 's great injustices : the segregation of musicians and puppeteers . 
 they have their backstage lounge , we have ours . 
 you 'd think someone 's afraid we might rumble . 
 there 's a cellist on our turf - get him ! 
 or , more likely but less interesting , it 's a simple matter of space . 
 neither lounge is very big ; they 're just windowless rooms with lockers and a couple of sad couches . 
 the musician couches are slightly sadder than ours , one clue to the hierarchy here . 
 puppeteers rule the roost , but it 's not a very posh roost . 
 in general , musicians respect their status -lrb- i.e. , easily replaceable -rrb- , but the singers , not so much . 
 the reason i hate it when we perform operas - like now , we 're doing gounod 's faust - is n't because i do n't like opera . 
 i am not a philistine . 
 i just do n't like opera singers . 
 especially sultry italian sopranos in heavy eyeliner who go out for drinks with the strings section after the show . 
 ahem , cinzia ` fake beauty mark ' polombo . 
 anyway . 
 it 's the puppeteers who matter around here . 
 there are ten , six of whom are in the lounge ahead of me , pretty well filling it . 
 ` zuzana , ' prochazka says the second he sees me . 
 ` mephistopheles is drunk again . 
 would you mind ? ' 
 drunken devil . 
 all in a day 's work . 
 to be clear , i am not a puppeteer . 
 i am a puppet-maker , a different animal altogether . 
 some puppeteers do both : build and perform . 
 but my family has always stuck to fabrication , with the idea that you can be decent at two high art forms , or you can excel at one . 
 we excel . 
 excellently . 
 still , it behooves a puppet-maker to understand puppeteering . 
 my professor at the lyceum - prochazka , who also happens to be lead puppeteer here - requires practical theatrical experience , so here i am . 
 i scurry and fetch for the puppeteers , restring marionettes , retouch paint , mend costumes , and lend a spare pair of hands for easy things like fluttering birds or clip-clopping the horse hooves . 
 in this case , mephistopheles has a loose string , making him list drunkenly to one side . 
 it 's an easy fix . 
 ` sure , ' i say , and put my stuff in my locker , more mindful than usual of the contents of my bag . 
 once the lounges clear out - puppeteers to the stage and musicians to the orchestra pit - i have some sneaking to do . 
 the thought of it kicks my heartbeat sideways . 
 i have to break into mik 's violin case . 
 i grab my tool kit . 
 first i have a devil to sober up . 
 4 drastic it 's act ii . 
 i can hear mephistopheles singing . 
 i text karou : kindly confirm : if someone 's evil , then killing them is n't murder . 
 it 's slaying , and not only legal but encouraged . 
 correct ? 
 no reply . 
 after a minute , i text again : taking your silence as a yes . 
 sharpening knife . 
 text now to stop me . 
 3-2-1 ... okay then . 
 here i go . 
 still no reply . 
 one last text : it 's done . 
 am currently dragging an opera singer to the taxidermist by her hair . 
 plan to have her stuffed and mounted above aunt nedda 's tv . 
 for a moment , my frustration over the soprano is undercut by anxiety as i ponder what karou might be doing in south africa that she ca n't answer her phone . 
 poacher , or witch doctor ? 
 i have no success imagining either , and resume frustration . 
 argh ! 
 prochazka kept me scurrying during act i , then there were sets to change , and just when i was going to slip away , hugo had to pee and handed off siebel to me , even though i am not cleared to operate a marionette in a show ! 
 i did n't have to do anything but make it stand around , at least , and when hugo came back , i made my escape - back to the puppeteers ' lounge to grab my drawing , and then ... just as i was about to creep into the musicians ' lounge ... ` excuse me . 
 girl ! ' 
 cinzia polombo appeared in the doorway . 
 girl ? 
 she actually snapped her fingers to get my attention . 
 oh yes . 
 but it gets better . 
 she handed me her empty coffee cup and , because she does n't speak czech , said in english , with a luxuriant and imperious r roll , ` hurrry . ' 
 oh . 
 i hurried . 
 if anyone has ever filled a coffee cup with cigarette butts faster than i did tonight , i would be very much surprised . 
 ` is that not what you wanted ? ' 
 i asked her in purest innocence when she gasped and looked aghast . 
 ` coffee ! 
 i want coffee ! ' 
 ` ohhh . 
 of course , ' i said . 
 ` that makes so much more sense . 
 i 'll be right back . ' 
 and i was right back . 
 i handed her the cup , now full of cigarette butts and coffee , and kept walking . 
 ` disgraziata ! ' 
 she shrieked at me , dashing the contents to the floor , but i just kept going , back into the puppeteers ' lounge , where i sit now on the sadder of two sad sofas , thwarted . 
 cinzia is still in the musicians ' lounge , where she should not be . 
 her cue is any minute . 
 what 's she doing in there , aside from cursing in italian ? 
 i 'm going to lose my chance ! 
 my phone vibrates . 
 it 's karou . 
 finally . 
 she texts : go to the taxidermist on ječna . 
 they 're the best with humans . 
 - perfect . 
 thanks for the tip . 
 find that poacher ? 
 - much to his dismay . 
 - wishes ? 
 - a slot-machine jackpot of shings . 
 nothing stronger , though . 
 that sucks . 
 she 's looking for more powerful wishes , and shings , i know , are only a little better than scuppies . 
 i text : well , better than nothing ? 
 - yeah . 
 so tired . 
 going to sleep now . 
 go forth and conquer ! 
 again , whatever went down in south africa , i ca n't begin to imagine it . 
 as for the taxidermist , for a second i consider checking to see if there really is one on ječna , but i dismiss the thought . 
 if karou was in the habit of having humans stuffed , that jackass kaz would not still be walking around . 
 at the thought of kaz , and to the continued sound track of a high-strung soprano cursing in italian , i ca n't help but imagine what i might do in this moment with a limitless supply of scuppies . 
 really , karou was incredibly restrained . 
 i could not be trusted . 
 i would be afflicting people with itches every second , at the slightest provocation . 
 think about it . 
 with the power of itch - even better , the power of cranny itch - you 'd be master of any situation . 
 maybe not any situation . 
 it would n't really help me with mik . 
 anyway . 
 i 'm not going to waste a single scuppy on cinzia polombo . 
 i will preserve them for mik-enchantment . 
 if i ever get my chance to invade his violin case , damn it . 
 finally : a door slam , and stomping , and cinzia is out of the way . 
 i take my drawing - it 's rolled up like a scroll , edges burned , and tied with a black satin ribbon - and creep to the door of the musicians ' lounge . 
 it 's ajar , and i can see that there 's no one inside . 
 no sense waiting . 
 a flash and i am in , opening locker doors , mindful that if anyone were to walk in , i would absolutely look like a thief . 
 i do n't know which locker is mik 's , and it 's impossible to open and close metal doors quietly , and some of them have locks on them , so i can only hope for the best ... and then i find it . 
 everything is a miracle . 
 it is a miracle that one does not melt in one 's bath . 
 everything is a miracle , is it ? 
 ask me again at the end of the night . 
 i open the violin case and put the scroll inside . 
 i close it , shut the locker , and back away . 
 time to escape . 
 i flash back out the door , skirt cinzia 's coffee-and-cigarette splash , and slide back into the puppeteers ' lounge , where i take a deep breath . 
 another . 
 another . 
 then i put on my coat , gather my things . 
 this is the moment when i walk away from the marionette theater , possibly forever . 
 i feel like a brave resistance worker who has just planted a bomb , and will now walk away , cinematically , without a backward glance . 
 because here 's what i 've decided : if things do not go well tonight , i am never coming back here . 
 it 's the only way i can do this , by removing the inevitability of embarrassment . 
 i never have to see mik again . 
 there will be no awkwardness , no blushing . 
 no blushing . 
 i 'm struck suddenly by the very real possibility of never seeing mik blush again , and ... my heart hurts . 
 my heart has never hurt before . 
 it 's real pain , like a bad bruise , and catches me off guard . 
 i always thought people were making that up . 
 it makes me wonder about kissing and fireworks and all the other stuff i always assumed was made up . 
 and the pain comes again , because this is it , things are set in motion , and soon i 'll know , one way or the other . 
 he 'll come or he wo n't . 
 what if he does n't come ? 
 oh god . 
 is this too drastic ? 
 maybe i should have just had faith in the normal way : ferocious blushing , time passing , hoping and pining , always alert for some sign of interest until an exchange of small talk can occur . 
 -lrb- ` have you tried this treatment for female baldness ? 
 i hear it 's life-changing . ' -rrb- 
 and maybe over more time small talk turns into shuffling toward shared coffee ... or maybe the blushing just goes on and on and nothing ever happens , drastic or otherwise , and then it 's like in a tv show when they string the sexual tension between two characters out for too long and you stop caring and it all just turns to dust ? 
 no . 
 i ca n't take dust , or small talk , or shuffling . 
 it 's got to be drastic . 
 one way or another , tonight i 'll know . 
 i want to go backstage and peer into the orchestra pit one last time , but if i do , one of the puppeteers is sure to snag me for some job , and i wo n't be able to escape . 
 still , i pause at the stage door and listen . 
 i hear cinzia singing marguerite , this tragic character debauched in a devil 's bargain . 
 she seems to have mastered her diva rage and actually sounds pretty good ... for a third-rate soprano singing in a marionette theater , anyway ... but that 's not what i want to hear . 
 i listen for the violin . 
 there it is , this sound that rises out of the music like a beam of light cutting through darkness . 
 it 's as sweet as love , so goddamn beautiful i could cry , and it 's like my whole being forms the word please . 
 i do n't believe in prayer , but i do believe in magic , and i want to believe in miracles . 
 please come , i think through the wall , sending the words toward the sweet , pure sound , and the sweet , pure boy who 's making it . 
 and then i leave . 
 it 's snowing . 
 i wrap my scarf around my face and feel a kind of peace . 
 i 've played my gambit . 
 it 's up to him now . 
 him 5 voodoo eyes the curtain drops . 
 the music dies away and applause overcomes it , and when i lower my violin , another saturday night sits like a cat on a fence . 
 i 'm not a fan of cats . 
 with one shining exception . 
 wolfgang established an impossible standard , then died when i was ten , and every cat since has been a source of disappointment . 
 you hold out your hand to them , and they just look at it , and since they 're not stupid , this act can only be interpreted as mockery . 
 yeah , buddy , that 's a hand . 
 you 've got two of those bad boys . 
 good for you . 
 not : oh , you 'd like to pet me ? 
 let me come closer , because i like you , too . 
 that 's me and saturday night lately . 
 it just looks at my hand until , ashamed , i lower it and try to pretend i did n't really want to pet it anyway . 
 the thing that i want to happen consistently does not happen . 
 mocked by fate ? 
 maybe . 
 maybe tonight will be different . 
 it did n't begin well , but there 's always hope . 
 ` party at stooge 's , ' says radan as we file out of the orchestra pit , and that 's the opposite of hope . 
 it 's the cat glaring at me , because it 's where i 'll probably end up tonight , and if i do , it will mean that for yet another saturday , she will have slipped through my fingers . 
 she will not be at stooge 's , would never be at stooge 's . 
 i do n't know where she goes after work , but i imagine stars and mist and halls of mirrors , and i want to be there , too . 
 i want to do mysterious and improbable things alongside a fierce and beautiful girl who looks like a doll brought to life by a sorcerer . 
 is that really so much to ask ? 
 i look for her in the hallway , but do n't see her . 
 and the door to the puppeteers ' lounge is open , so i see as i pass that she 's not in there , either . 
 did i already miss her ? 
 probably . 
 ca n't blame fate , i know that . 
 it 's my own suffocating idiocy . 
 why ca n't i just speak to her ? 
 i was going to earlier , when we were walking into the theater . 
 it 's embarrassing , but i 'd waited under the awning across the street until i saw her coming . 
 only for a couple of minutes . 
 nothing weird . 
 i do n't know what i would have said , anyway . 
 probably something inane , like , ` looks like snow . ' 
 or possibly ' i like cake . ' 
 -lrb- she likes cake . 
 this is one of four things i know about her . 
 the others are : 2 . 
 her name is zuzana , 3 . 
 she 's in her last year at the lyceum , so is probably eighteen , which is young but not heinously young , and 4 . 
 she can freeze a person 's blood with a look . 
 i 've seen it happen , though i have not been on the receiving end . 
 she has voodoo eyes , and is more than slightly terrifying . 
 hence the not-yet-talking-to-her . -rrb- 
 but i said nothing , inane or otherwise , because she halted abruptly to consider a flyer on the wall , and i did n't know what to do but keep walking . 
 damn it . 
 i wonder what the flyer was . 
 i 'll have to check on my way out . 
 not sure i want to , though . 
 i 'm afraid it will confirm my suspicion that she was just trying to avoid me . 
 the moment i walk into the musicians ' lounge , a voice cries my name , and i cringe . 
 ` mik ! ' 
 cinzia . 
 ` meeek , ' she pronounces it , and it sounds like a condemnation : meek ! 
 and then she 's right in front of me and i shrink a little . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 being looked at by cinzia is what i imagine having a red dot painted on your forehead by a sniper rifle feels like . 
 tuck , duck , and roll . 
 ` did i sound not good tonight ? ' 
 she asks in english , with an exaggerated expression of woe . 
 everything about cinzia is exaggerated , from her eyeliner to the way she walks , every step hip-slamming an invisible bystander out of her way . 
 ` what ? 
 uh . 
 you were fine . ' 
 just what every soprano longs to hear at the end of a show . 
 you were fine . ' 
 i was give a shock , is difficult to be calm , for singing . ' 
 i have no plans to ask the source of this shock , but she 's already telling me . 
 i 'm at my locker , opening it , not really paying attention , when i hear the words puppet girl and tune abruptly in . 
 ` she did what ? ' 
 i ask . ' 
 i send her for coffee , she bring me cup full of cigarette butts . 
 can you believe ? ' 
 actually , i ca n't . 
 ` you sent her for coffee ? ' 
 this is the part i ca n't believe . 
 had cinzia failed to notice the voodoo eyes ? 
 ` she 's not a coffee-girl . 
 she 's a puppet-maker . ' 
 cinzia blinks . 
 ` no . 
 the girl , the small one . ' 
 i nod . 
 ` right . 
 the small girl . ' 
 absurdly , i feel possessive talking about her . 
 i think that this is the first time i ever have talked about her , and i have no wish to do so with cinzia . 
 ` anyway , ' i tell her , ` we get our own coffee here . ' 
 she frowns at me . 
 ` she put cigarettes in my coffee , ' she says , like i 've missed the point , and all i can do is try not to smile , because yeah , that 's what you 'd do to cinzia if you were the kind of person who just did what you wanted . 
 so i guess zuzana is the kind of person who does what she wants ? 
 that does n't exactly bode well for me , because would n't she have talked to me by now if she had any interest in me ? 
 how pathetically passive , waiting for her to do the talking . 
 that 's not who i want to be . 
 i want to be the guy in a movie who 's , i do n't know , out walking his rabbit on a leash -lrb- i do n't have a rabbit -rrb- and knows exactly how to strike up a quirky , compelling conversation . 
 though maybe if you 're walking a rabbit on a leash , you do n't even have to speak ; the rabbit does the work for you . 
 not that zuzana seems like the rabbity type . 
 maybe if i were walking a fox on a leash . 
 or a hyena . 
 yeah , if i had a hyena , i 'd probably never have to start a conversation again . 
 except for , ` sorry my hyena ate your leg . ' 
 i take my violin case out of my locker and open it , and ... there 's something in it . 
 a scroll of some sort , with burned edges like a pirate 's treasure map . 
 some gimmicky party invitation ? 
 i do n't know . 
 i guess i stare at it a second too long , because cinzia follows my gaze , and what she says next changes the weight of the air . 
 ` she had this ! ' 
 she declares , in a tone of triumphant denouncement . 
 ` the small girl . 
 she had this when i give her coffee cup . ' 
 what ? 
 zuzana ? 
 my brain turns slowly . 
 how could ... something that zuzana was holding ... end up in my violin case ? 
 hope is tentative . 
 the cat does not approach , but it 's possible that it 's regarding my outstretched hand with something like interest . 
 it 's also possible it 's all just a mistake . 
 cinzia reaches for the scroll and , without thinking , i knock her hand away - lightly - and when i look at her face , her nostrils are flared . 
 she 's giving me how dare you eyes , cradling her hand like i just took a hammer to it . 
 i do n't apologize , but lift the scroll out myself , lightly , like a relic . 
 the blackened edges flake under my fingertips . 
 it does n't feel like a mistake . 
 it feels like a door opening , and lungfuls of fresh air rushing in . 
 ` what is it ? ' 
 cinzia asks . 
 i do n't know what it is . 
 i very much want to know , but i do not want cinzia to know , or radan or george or ludmilla or anyone else milling around looking mildly interested . 
 ` nothing , ' i say , putting my violin and bow away . 
 i do n't set the scroll down while i put on my coat and backpack , but switch it from hand to hand , having no doubt that cinzia would snatch it and feel entitled to open it . 
 in which case maybe i would take a hammer to her hand . 
 i tuck the scroll into my inside jacket pocket , ignoring cinzia 's hooded glare . 
 ` see you tomorrow , ' i say as a general announcement . 
 radan is surprised . 
 ` not coming to the party ? ' 
 ` no , ' i say , because whatever is or is n't in the scroll , i am done with default saturday nights , and stooge 's , and trying to block cinzia from sitting on my lap , and spending the whole time imagining this alternate reality where a porcelain doll with voodoo eyes might be drinking tea in an oarless boat coursing down the vltava with a parasol open to keep off the snow . 
 or , you know , something slightly more likely than that . 
 6 carpe noctem i consider the bathroom for privacy to look at the scroll , but the door 's in view of the lounge and cinzia is still watching me with narrowed eyes , so i leave the theater . 
 it 's snowing . 
 i pause on the steps to glance at the flyer that caught zuzana 's eye earlier . 
 it 's gone . 
 it was a red page with a phone-number fringe at the bottom . 
 hanging in its place now is a sheet of white paper with one ragged margin . 
 torn from a notebook ? 
 it 's unlined , so : a sketchbook . 
 something is written in tiny letters right in the center . 
 i have to lean in close and squint to read it . 
 it says : watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places . 
 those who do n't believe in magic will never find it . 
 - roald dahl and i know , i know it 's for me . 
 a message . 
 but what am i meant to see ? 
 i look out over the street , taking in bent-headed figures hurrying through the snow . 
 no one catches my eye . 
 a slice of river is visible as blackness in a gap between two buildings , and the lights of the castle cast a glow on the underbelly of the crouching sky . 
 the falling snow is light powder spun by gusts , like a dance out of the nutcracker . 
 if there 's anything specific i 'm supposed to see , i do n't know what it is , but i know that my eyes are open , and i 'm not sure they 're glittering , but the world is . 
 i take the page down , careful not to rip it as i unstick the tape and roll it up to join the scroll in my jacket , then rush across the street to a pub , where i do n't even order a drink or sit down at a table . 
 i hope i wo n't be lingering . 
 i grab the scroll out of my jacket and slip the black satin ribbon off , and ... i unroll it . 
 and there she is . 
 a beautiful drawing of a beautiful face . 
 her big , dark eyes look wide and expectant . 
 she 's not smiling , but she 's not not smiling , either . 
 no voodoo blood-freeze . 
 there 's warmth there , and she 's looking right at me . 
 i mean , it 's a drawing , of course -lrb- if she did it , and i assume she did , then she 's really talented -rrb- , but it 's a drawing for me , and it seems to shoot a spark at me like real eye contact . 
 with eye contact , the intensity of spark is due to ... i do n't know , chemistry , whatever that really means . 
 there are degrees of zing and tingle , depending on the eyes in question , and though these are just graphite renderings of eyes , there is zing . 
 there is tingle . 
 at first the face is all i see , but then i realize what it is i 'm looking at . 
 what it is that she 's given me . 
 her face is in the center , but the whole page is covered in a diagram : streets and landmarks , carefully drawn and labeled . 
 my first thought , seeing the scroll tied with ribbon , had been that it looked like a treasure map , and ... it is . 
 it 's a treasure map . 
 and the treasure ? 
 there she is , in the center of the page , the x-marks-the-spot . 
 zuzana is the treasure . 
 i have a dark thought that it 's a joke , that one of my friends has done this , but i dismiss it . 
 none of my friends can draw . 
 besides , none of them even know i want to know her . 
 i have n't mentioned her , for fear of pubescent-caliber backstage hijinx , and i do n't think i stare at her . 
 -lrb- when anyone 's looking . -rrb- 
 no . 
 it 's got to be real . 
 so i do that awkward thing you do when you get good news in the company of strangers and you look around at them , grinning like an idiot , and they look back , not grinning like idiots , and you almost have to tell them , to tell someone . 
 you almost hold up your piece of paper and say , ` the girl i like just gave me a treasure map to herself . ' 
 but you do n't . 
 you just do n't . 
 so i do n't . 
 -lrb- okay , so i do , but i immediately want to take it back . 
 the knot of strangers is unmoved by my joy . 
 in fact , i think that guy with the hat is the enemy of all happiness and might follow me and try to kill me . -rrb- 
 pull yourself together , mik . 
 you have a map to follow . 
 i turn my back on the enemy of all happiness -lrb- on the principle that most people who look like they want to kill you probably wo n't -rrb- and study the map . 
 my map . 
 because it 's for me . 
 from zuzana . 
 nope , not gloating . 
 just stating the facts in case you tuned out for a minute and missed it . 
 zuzana made me a map to herself . 
 and in a little speech balloon emanating from between her lips is written , in tiny letters : carpe noctem . 
 seize the night . 
 and i blink and feel a surge of certainty and excitement , because of course that 's what one does when one wants something . 
 one seizes it . 
 well , maybe not all things . 
 cats , for example , do not respond well to seizure . 
 probably girls do n't , either . 
 so this might not be a good credo in life , but for saturday nights in general and this one in particular , it works . 
 my eyes keep returning to zuzana 's face . 
 there 's a smile pending , i think : the faintest tug at the left corner of her mouth , captured like a smile on pause . 
 i want to unpause it and watch it unfurl . 
 so how do i do that ? 
 where do i go ? 
 words . 
 places . 
 focus , mik . 
 stop grinning . 
 find her . 
 i 'm in mala strana now . 
 the marionette theater is in little quarter square , in the shadow of the church of st. nicholas , and the map is of old town , so i head across the river . 
 the charles bridge is one of those places that never gets old . 
 day or night , sun or snow , it 's always different , the view on both banks of the vltava like something out of a medieval engraving . 
 on second thought , it actually does get old when it 's crammed with tourists , which is pretty much all sunlit hours for most of the year , but it 's quiet now , just a few scattered folk hurrying both ways between the rows of statues , like running a gauntlet of saints . 
 i have this notion that any minute the saints could reach out their great stone arms to swat passing butts , and i realize that i 'm giddy . 
 and nervous . 
 the map indicates a site in the mazelike heart of old town , which i know well but not well enough to remember what this particular place might be . 
 i walk , and the closer i get , the more my nerves tighten like violin strings . 
 will it be a cafe , maybe , or a pub ? 
 will she be waiting at a table ? 
 somehow i ca n't picture her just sitting there . 
 it 's too mundane . 
 the treasure map , the quote , the night of soft snow ... it all portends something odder than that . 
 so i 'm not really surprised when i get there - pausing before rounding the corner to draw a deep breath - and find ... no zuzana . 
 the site is not a cafe or a pub . 
 it 's a tourist trinket shop of the sort that is ubiquitous in this quarter , all of them full of the same mucha prints and cheap marionettes and gaudy bohemian crystal . 
 it 's closed and dark , as one would expect at this time of evening , and i turn in a circle , looking around . 
 watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you ... i watch . 
 i see a black cat slip through an open door across the street and have a brief impulse to follow it , as if it might be a feline escort doing zuzana 's bidding . 
 i smile , glad no one can read my thoughts . 
 zuzana probably ca n't command cats with her mind . 
 probably . 
 i keep looking . 
 there are a couple of posters taped to a door , but they 're for an absinthe tasting already past and a tour of bohemian castles yet to come . 
 graffiti on the sidewalk , but it 's just soccer propaganda . 
 nothing else catches my ` glittering eyes . ' 
 i examine the map , but i 'm pretty sure i 've read it right . 
 is this a joke ? 
 could she be messing with me ? 
 of course she 's messing with me . 
 the real question is : is she messing with me for good or evil , and am i a fool for playing along ? 
 i could just shrug right now and go meet my friends at stooge 's . 
 the thought makes me laugh out loud . 
 as if . 
 i have an instinct about zuzana . 
 i think she 's not good or evil , but both - the perfect mixture of the two , a swirled ice-cream cone of good and evil - and she wo n't have led me here for no reason . 
 there 's something i 'm not seeing . 
 but what ? 
 i 'm just standing here with my hands in my pockets , wondering what i 'm missing , when i hear a tap . 
 it 's faint , at the glass shop window behind me - the place on the map - and the hair lifts on the back of my neck as i turn toward it . 
 the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places . 
 and what unfolds after that ... well , it makes cat-mind-control seem feasible . 
 7 carpe diabolus there are marionettes , and there are marionettes . 
 the czech republic has a long history of puppetry as art ; it 's a part of our national character , and puppets are part of the set-dressing of prague . 
 they 're everywhere : hanging in shop windows , museums , theaters , street stalls . 
 and most of what you see ? 
 by far most of what you see - particularly in shops like this - are not artisanal puppets from masters ' workshops , like the ones at the theater . 
 these are tchotchkes , tourist junk , mass-produced , forgettable . 
 clowns and princesses and knights , their heads round balls with features painted on . 
 and that 's what these are like . 
 except for one . 
 i did n't see it before because ... i was n't really looking . 
 a failure of ` glittering eyes , ' i 'm ashamed to say . 
 the first thing is , it 's not inside the window . 
 it 's outside , in front of the glass , behind which hangs a rack of humdrum tchotchke puppets . 
 i guess i just took it for part of the store 's display . 
 of course they would n't leave a puppet like this outside to be snowed on or stolen ; i see that now . 
 because this puppet is n't humdrum . 
 it 's a beauty , of a quality one just does not find in a shop like this . 
 oh . 
 and also ? 
 it 's kicking at the window with its heel . 
 so there 's that . 
 tap tap . 
 at first , it gives me a start for the reason one might expect : because if a puppet is moving , then someone is moving it , and i assume that person must be zuzana , and so i assume that she is here . 
 i flush and feel my pulse stutter , and i try to gather my stammering wits in expectation of finally meeting her . 
 but that 's just the first instant . 
 because in the second instant , i find the fault in this assumption . 
 no one is moving this marionette . 
 no one could be . 
 its crossbar is hooked to the upper window frame in full view , and its strings are slack . 
 even as its foot taps , its strings are slack , so that it appears to be moving its leg under its own power . 
 which is absurd , of course , so my mind smoothly transitions to a new assumption : that this puppet is mechanical . 
 remote-controlled , or something . 
 which is weird , but , you know , less weird than the alternative . 
 well , whatever its method of movement , now that it 's gotten my attention , its leg falls still . 
 i take a step closer , examining it . 
 examining him . 
 i find myself thinking of the puppet as a ` him . ' 
 he 's one of the most iconic of czech characters : none other than the devil himself . 
 he 's got a polished mahogany look : smooth , dark wood , cunningly carved and splendid , with a goat 's horns and beard , and goat legs tufted with cottony black fur . 
 he 's a st. nicholas day cert -lrb- devil -rrb- , to be specific , identifiable by his sack . 
 you see , in the czech republic , on december fifth , st. nicholas goes around bringing candy and small gifts to children , accompanied by an angel and a devil . 
 in a holiday tradition that is the stuff of nightmares , the devil threatens to scoop bad children into his sack and carry them to hell . 
 -lrb- and you thought coal in your stocking was harsh ? -rrb- 
 it 's not uncommon for actors playing the cert to actually scoop small children into their sacks . 
 uh-huh . 
 it happened to me . 
 i could n't have been older than four . 
 it may even be my earliest memory . 
 the sack was scratchy and smelled like earth ; inside , the darkness was total . 
 i screamed myself hoarse ; it probably lasted less than a minute , but i remember the terror as sprawling , unending . 
 the cert was my uncle in coal-face , and my mother was not pleased with him . 
 by way of apology , he gave me my first violin . 
 it was only a toy , but it became my immediate favorite thing in life , and i sawed at it and sawed at it until my father could n't take it anymore and bought me a real one , and lessons . 
 i have been known to say that the devil gave me my first violin . 
 it 's not even a lie . 
 so far , the tap tap is the only hint that this puppet might be my reason for being here , but on closer examination , i see that he has a small note peeking from his jacket pocket like a handkerchief . 
 and on it , more of the tiny writing that is becoming familiar . 
 carpe diabolus . 
 first , seize the night . 
 now , seize the devil . 
 it is for me , then , if the creepy tapping had left any real doubt . 
 for a moment , standing there , i feel the full experience of this night wrap around me . 
 the detail of it , the planning . 
 it 's like something out of a fairy tale , and the city looks strange and new and full of secrets , shadows as sharp as if they 're laid down in paint , and light ... light like haloes and phosphorescence , fireflies and animals ' eyes . 
 i reach up and ` seize the devil , ' lifting its crossbar off the window frame , and i wonder : what now ? 
 i run my eyes over it , turn it around , looking for more writing . 
 nothing . 
 i even take out the little handkerchief note , but there are no other words on it . 
 there seems to be something in its sack , though , so i ease open the drawstring and look in . 
 i half expect there to be a tiny child curled inside being abducted to hell , but there 's only paper . 
 of course , when i draw the paper out , it is not ` only ' paper . 
 nothing about this night is ` only ' or ` just . ' 
 everything is gilded and strange and ethereal , and so this is an origami butterfly , folded of floral japanese paper embossed with gold . 
 i turn it over , looking for writing on it and finding none , and have just concluded that i have to unfold it when ... ... it takes flight . 
 it takes flight . 
 the origami butterfly lifts into the air , and i could almost tell myself the wind has blown it , except that i 'm holding it between my fingers and feel a tug of ... will ... as it disengages . 
 its wings beat once , sending it into a graceful upward spiral so that i tip my head back to watch it hover there for an instant , looking astonishingly alive ... and then it 's apparently released by whatever power lifted it , and it floats back down to me . 
 i 'm almost afraid to catch it - how , how did it do that ? 
 how did she do that ? 
 - but i do catch it . 
 it 's a trick , i tell myself , marveling . 
 it 's ` magic ' - the kind in quotes . 
 of course . 
 because that 's the only kind of magic there is . 
 there 's a string tied to it or something . 
 some kind of completely invisible string that puppeteers know about , and which has now vanished , leaving no trace . 
 vanishing puppet string . 
 is that a thing ? 
 i do n't think that 's a thing . 
 i turn the butterfly over and over in my fingers , searching for an explanation , but there 's none to be had . 
 well . 
 except one . 
 magic . 
 the kind not in quotes . 
 a little war commences in my brain , ` rational self ' versus ` hopeful self , ' cage match . 
 i 'm not religious ; i do n't believe in things - not out of any determination not to . 
 it 's more like a default setting : my brain is an inhospitable environment for belief , but i 've always said - and really meant - that life would be more interesting if those unseen things were real -lrb- and dragons , too , please -rrb- , and of course death would be less of a bummer if there were a heaven -lrb- hell not so much -rrb- . 
 i 've just never been able to believe any of it . 
 right now , though , to some small but detectable degree , it feels like the ph balance in my mind is shifting . 
 like my skepticism is being neutralized . 
 hopeful self is sitting on rational self 's chest . 
 i unbutton the devil puppet 's coat . 
 if there 's a radio control mechanism or something inside him , the natural balance of my mind will be restored . 
 if not , who knows ? 
 under the coat i find a wire armature . 
 no , not an armature . 
 it 's ... a birdcage . 
 the puppet 's body is a small birdcage , and where his heart would be there is a tiny yellow canary on a bird swing , rocking gently to and fro . 
 i would n't be surprised if it chirped , or flew . 
 it does n't , though , and i feel through the rest of the puppet 's clothes for some hidden mechanism that might account for that tap tap of his leg at the glass , but there 's nothing . 
 he 's wood and wire , just a puppet , and that tapping leg just hangs from the bottom of the birdcage , no internal control device at all . 
 only the puppet strings could have moved it . 
 and the strings were slack . 
 curious . 
 -lrb- you know , if curious means ` impossible ' or ` freaky ' or ... ` indelibly awesome . ' -rrb- 
 and now my head feels all full of moonlight or starlight or something . 
 or snow . 
 my head feels like a snow globe that 's been shaken , and glitter is swirling around in it like unmoored stars . 
 i unfold the butterfly . 
 on the white underside of the origami paper i find a rhyme and a small schematic . 
 near the devil 's stream and using poison as bait , my counterpart impatiently waits . 
 okay . 
 i 'm good at riddles . 
 the devil 's stream is the canal where the vltava flows around the kampa , the island on the mala strana side of the river . 
 as for ` my counterpart , ' it could mean zuzana 's counterpart , but i do n't know who that would be . 
 if it 's the devil 's counterpart , though , it would be an angel , so i search my mind for some famous angel in that area but come up empty . 
 as for ` using poison as bait , ' i come up really , really empty . 
 so maybe i 'm not good at riddles after all . 
 fortunately , there 's the schematic , which shows a street , a tiny red x inscribed on it . 
 a new destination , right back the way i just came . 
 cradling the devil in the crook of my arm like a baby , i set off . 
 whistling . 
 her 8 thank god for murdered monks he came . 
 he came to find me . 
 when mik rounds the corner out of sight , i sag against the wall of my hiding place - behind a lace curtain in the foyer of the building across the street - feeling as spent as if i 've actually been conjuring spells and not just holding colored beads between my fingers . 
 i let out a long breath . 
 mik came to find me . 
 did i think he would n't ? 
 i do n't know . 
 i do n't know . 
 i get too flustered around him to attempt anything like sustained eye contact , and without that , it 's kind of hard to gauge interest . 
 but watching him from hiding like a creepy serial killer , i could actually focus on his face long enough to believe that ... he looked interested . 
 did n't he ? 
 well , he always looks interested , he 's that kind of alien , but just now he looked ... dazzled . 
 ` do n't you think he looked dazzled ? ' 
 i ask the black cat that 's rubbing against my legs . 
 it slipped in here right when mik showed up , like it was bloody well trying to lead him to me , and when it started purring as loud as a farm truck , i thought for sure mik would hear . 
 i may have shushed it . 
 shushed a cat . 
 and what do you think it did ? 
 it purred louder . ' 
 i will do just as you wish , ' said no cat ever . 
 in the safety of aftermath , though , my concern seems a little foolish . 
 what did i think , that mik would thrust open the door and demand , ` why purrest thou , feline ? ' 
 the cat continues its purr-fest , which i take to mean : yes , mik was definitely dazzled . 
 how could he not be ? 
 i ensorcelled him . 
 for which , thank you , scuppies . 
 two down . 
 one for the tapping , one to lift the butterfly into the air . 
 poof ! 
 poof ! 
 they go fast . 
 i wish i had karou 's whole necklace . 
 karou . 
 i text her : phase one a success . 
 the puppet that bites would be proud . 
 because , yeah , using scuppies to animate a puppet , where on earth did i come up with that idea ? 
 it 's not copying , though . 
 it 's an homage . 
 of course , that 's what artists always say when they steal from other artists . 
 in this case , though , it really is an homage , to my own magical awakening two years ago . 
 it seems right that mik should be awakened in the same way . 
 that we should lose our magic virginity the same way . 
 to creepy puppets , during snowstorms . 
 -lrb- okay . 
 that sounds so wrong . 
 but you know what i mean . -rrb- 
 the butterfly was my idea , though , and i think it was really the cherry on the cake , the thing that said , oh , you think this is a trick ? 
 so how am i doing this , smart guy ? 
 i try to imagine what i 'd think if it happened to me , but i ca n't . 
 once you know magic is real , it 's really hard to remember what it was like not to know . 
 it 's kind of like trying to see how you look with your eyes closed . 
 -lrb- i did that once . 
 i was a kid . 
 it occurred to me out of nowhere to wonder what i looked like with my eyes closed , so i. . . 
 um , went to the mirror and ... closed my eyes . -rrb- 
 -lrb- yeah . 
 i looked exactly like the inside of a pair of eyelids . -rrb- 
 -lrb- i 've never claimed to be a genius . -rrb- 
 i wait , giving the black cat a good scratch and letting mik put some distance between us before i emerge from hiding . 
 it 's cold . 
 i 'm exhilarated . 
 my heartbeat feels like a jaunty tune and my lips might as well be a parade float , and the rest of me just the little people on the ground holding the tethers . 
 also , i 'm starving , and i crazy have to pee . 
 i kind of wish i was just meeting mik at poison kitchen . 
 i mean , i could . 
 i could just walk in behind him and say , ` well played , handsome man . 
 now let us eat strudel and then kiss . 
 just as soon as i get back from the bathroom . ' 
 but i 'm not done dazzling him yet . 
 i have more scuppies to spend before we reach the talking portion of the evening . 
 i 'm hoping the talking portion is just a thin layer between the dazzling portion and the kissing portion , like the frosting between layers of a cake . 
 -lrb- mmm . 
 cake . -rrb- 
 not that i 'm not keen to talk to him . 
 i am - in the fantasy version of tonight , anyway , in which i actually manage to string words into sentences , and not just random magnetic-poetry sentences , but sentences that do n't lead to the logical conclusion that i have brain damage . 
 it 's just ... i ca n't begin to account for the intensity of my urgency to get kissing . 
 the most likely explanation , after long thought , is that i 'm a clone preprogrammed to perform this activity now or self-destruct . 
 or else it 's just mik 's velvety sweetness . 
 like a cupcake , in boy form . 
 i start walking , pausing to peer around the corner and make sure he 's gone . 
 i proceed toward the mala strana , stopping in a cafe on the way to alleviate the more pressing of my physical urges -lrb- neither lips nor stomach , no ; nothing trumps the bladder -rrb- , and then continue on , hurrying , but careful to scan the way ahead and make sure i do n't overtake my stalkee . 
 i do n't see any sign of him , though , and amuse myself by wondering which set of footprints through the snow on the charles bridge might be his . 
 those ? 
 maybe . 
 when i feel a surge of fondness for mik 's maybe-footprints , i know i 'm in serious trouble . 
 the fact that i ca n't even muster any true self-disgust tells me how deep this goes . 
 i 'm doomed . 
 it 's about the time i 'm creeping into the courtyard of poison kitchen - under the archway draped in black , frozen ivy , into the garden of medieval tombstones where the murdered monks lie buried - that i start to wonder if i 'm being creepy . 
 i mean , i am creeping . 
 does creep-ing automatically make one creep-y ? 
 or are there dispensations for ... romance ? 
 i bet all stalkers believe they 're being romantic . 
 i did it for love , officer . 
 have i crossed the line ? 
 i 'm about to peer in through a window at mik . 
 for some reason , this feels worse than peering out a window , as i was just doing with a fairly clear conscience . 
 after all , peeping toms peep in , not out . 
 but this is still a public space , i argue to myself . 
 i 'm not peeping in his window . 
 i would never do that . 
 this is a cafe . 
 moreover , it 's kind of my cafe . 
 mine and karou 's . 
 in no legally recognized way , of course . 
 we do n't own it , except spiritually . 
 which is a much higher court than actual real estate ownership . 
 so i creep , totally uncreepily , up to the window . 
 and ... there are ... there are some little downy black feathers on the ledge . 
 i know whose they are . 
 whose they were . 
 kishmish used to come here and tap at the glass to summon karou . 
 i get a lump in my throat remembering his little charred body falling still in karou 's hands , and these feathers serve as a reminder of how simple my life is , how lightweight this evening is , and how un-life-threatening the consequences of failure . 
 it also reminds me of my duty to provide karou with a rabid fairy tale , so i look through the window boldly , ready to make some magic . 
 and just as i see mik , right where he 's supposed to be , someone says my name . 
 well , not my name . 
 a version of my name . 
 ` zuzachka ? ' 
 from behind me , in the courtyard . 
 only one person calls me that , if he even deserves the designation ` person , ' which he does n't . 
 only one jackass calls me that , and i feel the cool of venom spreading through me , ready for deployment . 
 patience . 
 i do n't turn to respond yet , because i 'm watching mik , who is right this very moment sitting on a velvet settee at pestilence - karou 's and my spiritual domain , which had been kept waiting for him by way of a reserved sign and a lovingly carved angel puppet - and i need to make magic happen right now . 
 ` what are you doing ? ' 
 asks jackass-voice . 
 my hand is already in my pocket . 
 my fingers find a scuppy . 
 mik 's facing the new puppet like it 's a friend who saved a seat for him . 
 it 's the counterpart to the devil -lrb- which he 's holding in his lap -rrb- : an angel of the same proportions . 
 i made them last semester , for a st. nicholas day performance for my puppetry grade , which of course was an a. i make the wish . 
 i ca n't see it come true , but the bead vanishes between my fingertips and i know from the way mik rocks back in surprise that something has happened . 
 whereas the devil has a little canary on a swing where its heart would be , the angel has a heart-shaped hole carved in its chest , and in it , a sparkler ... which has just ignited , turning its heart into a mini-firework . 
 in the show , i had to light it with a match . 
 in this case , i wished it alight . 
 i hope it looks fancy . 
 i ca n't really see it from here , though , and anyway , with that done , i have less pleasant business to attend to . 
 i turn around . 
 ` what do you want . ' 
 no question inflection . 
 nothing but sticky , poisonous disdain . 
 for kaz . 
 kazimir andrasko , karou 's disaster of a first boyfriend . 
 first and last . 
 her despoiler . 
 she thinks i do n't know , but i know . 
 and let me tell you something about me . 
 i love vengeance like normal people love sunsets and long walks on the beach . 
 i eat vengeance with a spoon like it 's honey . 
 in fact , i may not even be a real person , but just a vow of vengeance made flesh . 
 my parents swear i was a real baby and not a demonic bargain , but of course they would say that . 
 bottom line : there is enough spare vengeance in me to act on behalf of mistreated , undervalued , toyed-with girls everywhere , and this is karou we 're talking about . 
 on behalf of karou , kaz has achieved the rarified status of nemesis first class , but has not yet been subjected to his personalized , zuzana-tailored scheme of total annihilation . 
 yet . 
 ` just saying hi , ' he says , looking taken aback , like he actually thought i 'd be happy to see him . 
 ` what 's your problem ? ' 
 he asks . 
 ` what 's my problem ? 
 i have so many , but violent tendencies and probable demonic origins are the ones that should concern you . ' 
 ` huh ? ' 
 he gives me dumb-face , which is such a disappointing response to a good nemesis zinger . 
 kaz might deserve first class status for crimes of high douchebaggery , but he 's just not quality enemy material . 
 i sigh , and tell him so . 
 ` you are not a worthy opponent . ' 
 ` what are you talking about ? 
 opponent at what ? ' 
 ` opponent at opponenting . 
 duh . 
 what are you doing here , jackass ? ' 
 ` what do you think ? 
 is karou here ? 
 are you meeting her ? ' 
 i laugh . 
 ` you 're not seriously looking for karou , ' i say , but i see by the persistence of dumb-face that he is . 
 ` she put you through a window the last time she saw you . 
 does that somehow leave room for hope ? ' 
 ` she did n't know it was me when she did that , ' he argues . 
 ` what was up with her that night , anyway ? 
 is she okay ? ' 
 is karou okay ? 
 no . 
 no , she 's really not , but in the scheme of her problems now , kaz has become about as significant as a gnat inhaled by god . 
 snuff . 
 i just shake my head . 
 ` oh , jackass , ' i say with what i hope comes across as gentle pity . 
 ` poor jackass . 
 let me explain something . 
 you know in fairy tales , when a bunch of princes all try to win the princess 's hand , but they 're all vain and entitled and self-involved and they fail at the task and get put to death ? 
 and then there 's one who comes along who 's clever and good and he wins and gets to live happily ever after with her ? 
 yeah , well , you 're the first kind . ' 
 i pat him on the shoulder . 
 ` it 's all over for you . ' 
 still dumb-face . 
 and then he says , ` you mean she 's seeing someone else ? ' 
 ` oh my god ! ' 
 i can only laugh . 
 ` talking to you is like playing catch with a toddler . 
 get out of here , kaz . 
 did you think i was kidding before ? 
 you 're not welcome here . 
 imrich will put you in a coffin , and i will nail it shut . ' 
 the tables in poison kitchen are actual coffins , and the one-eyed owner , imrich , is fond of me and karou . 
 we 've been coming here at least three times a week for two and a half years . 
 we painted murals in the bathrooms in exchange for goulash . 
 imrich is on our side . 
 ` right , ' says kaz , rolling his eyes , not believing - or fearing - it for a second . 
 ` let 's go in , then . 
 i hope you have your coffin nails ready . ' 
 and he takes a step toward the door , calling my bluff . 
 damn . 
 it . 
 it 's not a bluff ! 
 imrich will do it . 
 he 's not entirely sane . 
 i mean , look at his cafe ! 
 it 's full of gas masks and skulls , for god 's sake . 
 real ones . 
 he will totally put kaz in a coffin , and yes , he does have coffin nails . 
 like everything else in poison kitchen , they 're antique , and authentic . 
 he says they 're from the coffins exhumed in kutna hora after some monk sprinkled golgotha dirt there in the middle ages , making it the most popular graveyard in central europe . 
 most popular graveyard , what a thing ! 
 you 'd only get to stay in the ground for so long before they 'd dig you up to make room for the next guy . 
 and - oh ! 
 then in the late nineteenth century they hired some wood carver to make art out of all the dug-up bones . 
 it 's awesome . 
 imagine afterlife as part of a skeleton chandelier . 
 for real . 
 the point is : coffin nails , check . 
 coffin , check . 
 crazy one-eyed imrich and his bar cronies ready to take hold of pretty boy here and introduce him to the satiny interior of a hexagonal box ? 
 check . 
 me , able to participate ? 
 not check . 
 any other night . 
 any . 
 other . 
 night . 
 but tonight is not for vengeance . 
 i take a deep breath . 
 it 's for a dazzling . 
 i do not look to the window . 
 i so strenuously do n't look to the window that my neck feels turned to concrete . 
 i 'm dying to know what 's going on with mik , but i do n't want kaz to catch me looking . 
 he could mess everything up . 
 i 'm on a carefully calibrated schedule here . 
 has imrich brought mik 's tea yet ? 
 that 's the plan . 
 pestilence - karou 's and my table , tucked under the giant equestrian marcus aurelius statue - was to be kept clear by a reserved sign , the angel puppet sitting there with its legs crossed on the velvet settee , and when - if - imrich saw a guy come in and sit there , he was supposed to bring him a tea tray . 
 mik 's last clue will be tucked in the arsenic bowl . 
 -lrb- the sugar bowl , that is . 
 tea at poison is served in antique silver services , the cream and sugar dishes engraved arsenic and strychnine , hemlock , cyanide . 
 cute , right ? -rrb- 
 so basically , if imrich has brought the tray , and mik has found the clue , he could come through this door at any moment and i 'll just be standing here , and kazimir andrasko will witness our very first words . 
 nope . 
 i 've got to wrap up this snark-fight . 
 ` actually , ' i tell kaz , ' i have other plans . 
 but by all means , you go right ahead . 
 and when you 're trapped in there , in the dark coffin , hungry , thirsty , hallucinating , and desperate to pee , when the cafe 's closed and there 's no one left to hear your screams , just know ... that i 'm not thinking of you at all . ' 
 i gesture to the door , and as the coup de grace , i give him ... excited maniac eyes . 
 these are the eyes that say , i have something fascinating to show you in the cellar . 
 come with me . 
 it 's one of my favorite looks , and , incidentally , my brother 's least favorite , because it 's the one that invariably signals an escalation of hostilities to a level of dedicated vengeance that he could never match . 
 he simply does n't have it in him . 
 tomas knows : you can not defeat the excited maniac . 
 you can only provoke her . 
 kaz might not know this experientially , but he intuits it . 
 the eyes freak him out . 
 i see it . 
 he quails . 
 glances at the door . 
 gives me that curled-lip look that bullies get when they 're afraid of someone and trying to cover it up . 
 he 's going to call me a freak next . 
 wait for it . 
 ` you 're a freak , zuzana . ' 
 ` yeah , ' i confirm with relish , amping up the eyes . ' 
 i know . ' 
 and that 's it . 
 he makes the decision . 
 he turns and leaves . 
 it 's disappointing and satisfying at the same time . 
 disappointing because kaz just came this close to getting coffined and i talked him out of it , and satisfying because i scared the big tool , and that 's pretty much my mission statement . 
 with kaz finally gone , i swivel toward the window - - and see mik headed my way ! 
 he 's got the angel cradled in one arm , the devil in the other , and i have approximately three seconds to vanish into thin air before he opens that door . 
 that , or dive behind a tombstone . 
 thank god for murdered monks . 
 9 heart hole the door swings open , loosing the cafe din of voices and music into the courtyard , and then it shuts again , sucking back the noise like a cuckoo into a clock . 
 footsteps crunch across the snow . 
 i ca n't see , and i 'm fairly sure i ca n't be seen . 
 i 'm crouched behind a tombstone , just beyond the splash of light from the window , and as the sound of footsteps fades , i think two things : hiding behind tombstones definitely constitutes stalker behavior . 
 and mik is en route to location three , and location three is the final location , the place where i am supposed to manifest my actual self and commence human interaction . 
 do i have to ? 
 a voice in me whimpers . 
 ca n't the puppets act on my behalf ? 
 puppet ambassadors ? 
 yeah , because what 's creepier than a stalker ? 
 a stalker ventriloquist who speaks through angel and devil puppets . 
 i imagine mik introducing me to his family : ` i 'd like you to meet my girlfriend zuzana and ... her representatives . ' 
 no no no . 
 you can do this . 
 i can do this . 
 i unfurl myself from behind the tombstone . 
 i am the same person who just put fear in the heart of that best-friend-despoiler , kaz . 
 rabid fairy , rabid fairy . 
 why should speaking to a boy i like be so much harder than speaking to one i despise ? 
 i know it 's all brain chemicals - everything is brain chemicals - but my excitement and dread feel like tiny wrestlers in my heart right now . 
 i picture excitement choking out dread and gently , almost lovingly , lowering his inert body to the ground . 
 go . 
 now . 
 leave dread lying there . 
 go fast , before he gets up and sees which way you went . 
 breathe . 
 walk . 
 breathe . 
 walk . 
 look , mik 's footsteps . 
 follow them . 
 breathe . 
 walk . 
 okay . 
 i 'm good . 
 i 'm going . 
 i set my feet in mik 's footprints and feel a connection to him , like a total lunatic . 
 location three is n't far , and it 's a route i 've walked hundreds of times , usually with karou . 
 breathe . 
 walk . 
 mik 's probably there already . 
 do i know what i 'm going to say to him ? 
 oh hell . 
 dread rallies , chases us up the block . 
 high-kicks excitement in the neck just before i round the corner to location three . 
 it stops me in my tracks , and i find myself stuck to the side of the building by the centrifugal force of my anxiety . 
 what am i going to say ? 
 i fumble out my phone and text karou : urgent assistance required . 
 words . 
 first line . 
 just something simple that will make him fall instantly in love with me . 
 go . 
 and then i wait , phone in my hand . 
 and wait . 
 the snow 's coming down faster now , and my breath is a dragon 's plume . 
 the cold stone of the building seeps through my coat to turn my back to ice , and no message comes back from africa . 
 fine . 
 i shove my phone back into my pocket . 
 i know what i have to do . 
 the greek philosopher epictetus said , ` first say to yourself what you would be ; and then do what you have to do . ' 
 good old epictetus . 
 i would be confident girl , and that means unplastering myself from the side of this building , for starters . 
 it 's my personal theory that only 27 percent of perceived confidence is actual confidence , and the rest is sham . 
 the key is : if you ca n't tell the difference , there is no difference . 
 oh , the person shamming can feel the difference , in their clammy palms and pounding heart , but the outward effect - hopefully - is the same . 
 words will come out of my mouth when the time comes and i 'll just have to hear what they are at the same time mik does . 
 there 's no way to script this . 
 -lrb- or is there ? 
 maybe i could write a script , and be in total control of our first conversation - no . 
 no you can not . 
 walk . -rrb- 
 i set my body in motion . 
 i feel excitement and dread hanging on to my ankles , but after a few steps i stop noticing , because i pass the point of no return . 
 i round the corner into maltese square . 
 there 's the pink baroque facade of the lyceum . 
 the courtyard gate , and beyond it only shadows . 
 i ca n't see mik , but ... mik can see me . 
 i walk . 
 location three is the courtyard of my school . 
 it 's a pretty place , with a frozen fountain in the center and a marble bench carved to look like mermaids are holding it on their shoulders . 
 the gate 's left unlocked at night so students can use the studios as late as they need , but on a saturday night this early in the term desperation levels are low , and there wo n't be anyone around . 
 the courtyard 's private but only semi-enclosed , which seems right . 
 intimate but not too intimate . 
 i stroll right up to the gate . 
 that 's not my heartbeat pounding in my throat . 
 that 's confidence . 
 the gate 's standing open . 
 i see mik 's footsteps . 
 i falter . 
 because mik 's footsteps , they go in , and ... ... they come back out . 
 they lead away . 
 and when i look into the courtyard , this is what i see : on the mermaid bench , my angel and my devil are locked in an embrace . 
 and mik is not here . 
 i look around , over both shoulders , across maltese square . 
 i stop just short of looking up , as if he might have flown away . 
 he 's nowhere . 
 he left . 
 inside me : a desert of disappointment . 
 mortification . 
 paralysis . 
 bewilderment . 
 and humiliation . 
 i hate humiliation . 
 i want to kick humiliation in its measly toothpick shins . 
 i stand here for a minute before i realize that mik could be watching from somewhere close by , and that thought propels me into the courtyard . 
 i do n't step in his footprints now , but skirt them like i 'm scorning them . 
 jerk footprints , take that . 
 my heart feels zested . 
 finely shredded and ready to add to cake batter . 
 it does n't hurt , because it 's not there anymore . 
 like the angel 's chest , with her empty heart hole - but without the sparkler . 
 so very without the sparkler . 
 i stop in front of the puppets , and there 's a blankness in my mind as i stare at them . 
 he posed them like lovers . 
 how mean . 
 i would never have guessed that mik was mean . 
 and then i see that the ice orb is gone . 
 i 'd hung it from the arbor that arches over the bench . 
 the final artifact on this treasure hunt : a smooth chunk of clear ice about the size of a baseball , and frozen inside it , rolled up and tucked into a little plastic tube , is one last message . 
 the idea was that by the time the ice melted , i 'd be ready for mik to read it , ready for the talking portion of the evening to transition to the next portion . 
 you know which portion i mean . 
 oh god . 
 my lips are bereft , like they 've been left at the altar . 
 they were so sure how this night was going to end . 
 did mik take the ice orb with him ? 
 why would he do that ? 
 i look around to see if it might have fallen , but it 's not here , and ... i start to get mad . 
 he should n't have taken it . 
 if he was going to leave , he should have left the message , too . 
 i do n't want it at large in the world for him to read and laugh over and show to his friends . 
 -lrb- he would n't do that , a voice in me insists , like i know him at all . -rrb- 
 -lrb- you do know him . -rrb- 
 i do n't . 
 of course i do n't . 
 we 've never even spoken . 
 but i was pretty confident that he was n't a jerk . 
 that he was n't a jackass . 
 not that this is on par with what kaz did to karou , of course , but it 's not great , either . 
 i was fully prepared for him to not show up at location one . 
 i 'd have been really disappointed , yeah , but i could n't have held anything against him . 
 if he 's not interested , he 's not interested . 
 but why follow the treasure hunt to the end , looking all dazzled and velvety the whole time , and then ... run away ? 
 my phone buzzes . 
 it 's from karou : a list of conversation openers that i wo n't be needing . 
 - a -rrb- hi . 
 i 'm zuzana . 
 i 'm actually a marionette brought to life by the blue fairy , and the only way i can gain a soul is if a human falls in love with me . 
 help a puppet out ? 
 - b -rrb- hi . 
 i 'm zuzana . 
 the touch of my lips imparts immortality . 
 just sayin ' . 
 - c -rrb- hi . 
 i 'm zuzana . 
 i think i might like you . 
 i read them with bitterness , then drop down onto the bench and nudge the puppets apart , breaking their embrace . 
 the angel falls back , her arms askew , head lolling off the edge of the bench in a swoon . 
 dead of a broken heart . 
 i think i might like you indeed . 
 no dancing around it , just honesty . 
 that 's what confident girl would say . 
 if she had someone to freaking say it to . 
 i write back : thanks , but i wo n't be needing these after all . 
 - what ? 
 why ? 
 - ... he ran away ... - ??? - left the puppets . 
 left them making out and did n't wait around for me . 
 at least the puppets got some action tonight . 
 there 's a pause during which i imagine karou getting outraged . 
 but when she writes back , it is n't outrage that comes through . 
 - this makes no sense , zuze . 
 did he leave a note or anything ? 
 a note ? 
 i did n't think of that . 
 a spark flickers in my heart hole . 
 is it possible ? 
 heart hole . 
 heart hole ! 
 the angel 's heart hole . 
 something 's poking out of the angel 's heart hole ! 
 i look up , around , as if mik might be spying on me the way i 've been spying on him . 
 but i do n't think so ; there 's nowhere to hide . 
 i reach out ... it 's a rolled-up paper . 
 i unroll it and , in a second , all of my disappointment , mortification , paralysis , bewilderment , and humiliation evaporate and are replaced by ... giddiness , relief , thrill , swoon , and delight . 
 it 's mik 's own version of my first treasure map , hastily done . 
 at its center : a ballpoint-rendered self-portrait that is pretty much a child 's smiley face doodle with sideburns and a goatee . 
 as bad as it is - and it is - there 's something so sweet about it , something so totally affectless and jerk-free that i ca n't believe i ever thought mik would do something mean . 
 oh ye of little faith . 
 i remember the conversation i had at poison with karou a while back , before i even knew mik 's name , where i wondered what chance there was of him being a non-orifice . 
 as if there could be any doubt ! 
 he radiates non-orificeness . 
 i was just afraid to believe it - or else afraid that some other girl was already the lucky beneficiary of his non-orificeness . 
 which does n't appear to be the case - because he played my game tonight , and now ... he 's inviting me to play his . 
 the puppets ' embrace takes on new meaning , and my cheeks go hot . 
 was it a message ? 
 how could it not be ? 
 the scroll is a message , too : a speech bubble balloons from smiley-mik 's lips . 
 it reads : devil 's stream , 20 minutes . 
 ps walk slowly and there 's a crudely drawn map of the kampa , but no x-marks-the-spot that i can see . 
 the devil 's stream is n't very long , but it 's certainly long enough that a precise location would be helpful . 
 and what 's with the twenty minutes ? 
 what 's he up to ? 
 intriguing ... my phone is vying for my attention . 
 it 's a string of texts from karou , all along the lines of : hello ? 
 z ??? my fingers are shaking a little with thrill shivers as i type back : you 're a genius and a savior . 
 there is a note ! 
 3 3 i have never in my life typed a heart symbol . 
 those are for milquetoast girls . 
 karou will probably think my phone 's been stolen - or possibly my body , by a lovelorn alien . 
 i send the text anyway . 
 this is what comes back : ... who is this ?? 
 me : do n't you dare mock me . 
 karou : you 're not going to start collecting heart-shaped rocks or anything , are you ? 
 because we might have to renegotiate our friendship . 
 and i have some time to kill before the mysterious twenty minutes elapse , so i call her - stupid texting , anyway ; sometimes it takes a ridiculously long time to think of actually dialing the phone and speaking instead of typing away like numbskulls - and i assure her emphatically that there is no heart-shaped rock collection in my future . 
 ` toes , ' i say , thinking of my grandfather 's supposed golem souvenir . 
 ` i 'm going to take toe trophies from all my boys from now on , ' and if karou knows that ` all my boys ' so far equals zero boys , she does n't let on . 
 ` that 's more like it , ' she says . 
 it 's really good to hear her voice . 
 she tells me she 's going to pakistan next . 
 pakistan ! 
 i issue all sorts of ill-informed warnings that she does n't need , like to wear a burqa and not do any random sexy dancing in public , and she keeps trying to bring the conversation back to me and mik . 
 me and mik . 
 i 've never been part of an ampersand before . 
 never a ` we , ' never an ` us , ' but by the time i get off the phone and start walking - slowly , as directed - in the direction of the devil 's stream , i 'm feeling pretty good about my chances . 
 it may be a grand delusion , but the feeling carries me along like i 'm floating , and in no time at all , i 'm nearing the footbridge at the end of velkoprevorske street , wondering where to go next . 
 and that 's when i hear it . 
 music . 
 10 peacock footprints violin . 
 live and real and drifting with the snow . 
 it 's eine kleine nachtmusik , which i 've heard so many times that i did n't even realize , until hearing it now , that it had become ... mundane . 
 oh , yeah , mozart 's such a genius . 
 what 's for dessert ? 
 but hearing it like this , outside , at night , in a snowfall and meant for me ... it 's newly born in my mind as the sublime creation that it is . 
 it 's the andante , softer and sweeter than the allegro , and it 's just ... i ca n't even explain it . 
 it 's a dimension . 
 the space around me , the world above me - until just now a void of night air beset by snow flurries - becomes a living thing . 
 music . 
 close your eyes and it 's a rosebush blooming in time lapse so that its shoots and blossoms flow outward in a swift choreography of growth and collapse , twine and coil , release and fade . 
 close your eyes and music paints light vines and calligraphy on the darkness within you . 
 it draws me forward , like a hand extended . 
 mik is on the other side of it , somewhere as yet unrevealed , his music making a trail straight to him , and i 'm so grateful in the moment that it 's not an ordinary person i 've fallen for , and not even an ordinary musician , but a violinist . 
 as soon as i step onto the footbridge i see him . 
 there 's the mill wheel just beside the bridge - the cute wooden mill wheel every tourist to prague snaps a photo of - and mik is down on the narrow dock beside it , barely ten feet away . 
 there 's a wall between us , though , concrete topped with an iron fence , and my miniature self has to stand on tiptoe to peer through the bars . 
 his head , cozied by his knit cap , is bent over his violin , his posture is loose and fluid , he 's blushing his blush of exertion and creation , and nothing has ever been quite as amazing as the fact that this perfect sound is the result of the smooth , deliberate swing of this beautiful boy 's arm . 
 i 'm not the only person who 's been drawn to the music . 
 passersby are stopping to listen . 
 some windows clatter open in the buildings fronting the stream , and for a minute everyone is still , bent toward this lovely sight : mik on the mill dock , playing mozart to the snow . 
 no , not to the snow . 
 to me . 
 eine kleine nachtmusik is mozart 's serenade 13 . 
 serenade . 
 world , i think it 's important to acknowledge here that i am being serenaded . 
 the charles bridge arcs in the backdrop , its lampposts ghostly . 
 the canal is black and glinting , and the night is saying : yep . 
 everything is miraculous . 
 indeed , picasso . 
 indeed . 
 ` excuse me , ' i say to a couple who are paused nearby , leaning into each other so that their breath plumes mingle and become one . 
 ` can you boost me up ? ' 
 i gesture to the wall . 
 it 's high , with pointy iron finials to further discourage what i am about to do , but the couple make no effort to dissuade me . 
 they smile like they 're in on a secret , and the guy makes a stirrup with his hands , and up i go . 
 that 's when mik looks up . 
 right when i 'm balanced on top of the wall . 
 our eyes meet , and all this rigamarole and scheming , the back-and-forth across the bridge and diving behind tombstones , it all comes down to this moment . 
 our eyes meet . 
 and ... it 's like all my life i 've been this tower standing at the edge of the ocean for some obscure purpose , and only now , almost eighteen years in , has someone thought to flip the switch that reveals that i 'm not a tower at all . 
 i 'm a lighthouse . 
 it 's like waking up . 
 i am incandescent . 
 i never knew i could emit heat and light . 
 damn . 
 if the music created an external dimension , this creates an internal one . 
 there is more to me than i knew . 
 mik smiles , and it 's such a mix of glad and shy and sweet and eager and even a little bit of what i could swear is amazed - like he 's amazed by his good fortune that i am climbing over a wall to him - that it triggers a kindred smile in me . 
 my face responds without authorization from my brain , so the resulting smile feels like the biggest , most unguarded , goofiest smile i 've ever unleashed in my entire life . 
 i did n't even know my face could do this . 
 it 's like there were hidden zippers in my cheeks . 
 jesus . 
 this must be what feelings are . 
 this is why people write poems ! 
 i get it now . 
 i get it , and i want more . 
 i start to climb down the outside of the bridge . 
 or , well , i look down for clues as to how i might accomplish this last , crucial step to finally entering mik 's magnetic field , but it 's a far drop to the little metal walkway below , and i hesitate . 
 and no sooner do i hesitate than mozart hesitates . 
 by which i mean , mik 's bow falters over the strings and the music cuts off , and when i look back up , he 's laying his violin and bow in their case and coming toward me . 
 there 's a light smattering of applause , but i 'm not going to be distracted by anything outside the circle of this moment . 
 here 's the situation . 
 me : clinging to the outside of the bridge . 
 mik : on the metal walkway below . 
 his head is about even with my feet . 
 he 's looking up at me , and our eyes meet again and i 'm thinking i love your face at him because it 's just the best face and i ca n't help imagining a situation in which we are standing with our foreheads and nose tips touching , and it 's only now that i realize the lighthouse radiance i feel myself emitting is actually blushing . 
 he 's blushing , too , and with the distance reduced between us there 's the sensation that our blushes are meeting in the middle . 
 the edges of our magnetic fields are bumping against each other . 
 and then mik speaks . 
 all he says is ` hi , ' but he says it like he 's breathing it out on a plume of pure awe , and it melts me . 
 ` hi , ' i say back . 
 a word spoken , and no mouth malfunction . 
 granted , it 's only hi , but it 's the most meaningful hi i 've ever said , and it does n't even sound like my voice . 
 it sounds like it belongs to some girl with a heart-shaped rock collection , and i defiantly do not care . 
 ` help me down ? ' 
 i ask . 
 and he reaches for me . 
 i crouch to sit on the edge of the concrete wall , the iron of the rail hard at my back . 
 i find i 'm still just a little out of range of mik 's hands , so i have to tip forward , fall to him and let him catch me . 
 and i do . 
 and he does . 
 and it 's like i 'm watching myself do this thing - fall into mik 's waiting arms , into his magnetic field at last - from a great distance . 
 he catches my waist , so padded by my sweater and coat that it 's just pressure and not even the feeling of hands , and i catch his shoulders , likewise coat-padded but still nice and boy-shouldery , and he sets me down in front of him , simple and neat , and here we are , squarely arrived at the talking portion of the evening . 
 there 's a long pause . 
 but it 's not a bad pause , because mik is looking at me like i 'm the treasure from the high shelf that someone 's just taken down and put into his hands . 
 i find i do n't mind being looked at like this . 
 i do n't mind it at all . ' 
 i got your note , ' he says . ' 
 i got yours , too . ' ' 
 i ca n't draw , ' he says a little quickly , like he 's offering an apology , and i know he 's just as nervous as i am . 
 ` and i ca n't play the violin , ' i counter . 
 ` that was ... beautiful . ' 
 it 's such an understatement . 
 sublime might begin to get at what it was , but that would just sound pretentious . 
 he shakes his head , humble . 
 ` that was nothing . 
 i mean , do n't tell mozart i said that . 
 but it was n't like what you did tonight . 
 i do n't even know what to say . 
 it 's the coolest thing anyone 's ever done for me . ' 
 ` what , run you all over town in the snow ? ' 
 it 's my turn to act humble . 
 it was really cool . 
 i am well aware . 
 ` yeah , like that 's all it was . 
 i do n't even know how you did some of that stuff . ' 
 there 's a brief pause before he adds , ` but do n't tell me . 
 i want to just think it was magic . ' 
 ` it was magic , ' i say simply . 
 i 've learned this from karou , as regards magic : you can tell the most outlandish truths with virtually no risk of being believed . 
 except , apparently , in the case of mik . ' 
 i believe it , ' he says . 
 ` this is pretty much what i imagined your saturday nights are like . ' 
 pause . 
 consider . 
 unpause . 
 ` you imagined my saturday nights ? ' 
 ` yeah , ' he says , with a gentle inflection of of course . 
 ` every week when i 'm doing something boring and typical after the show . 
 it 's how i punish myself for laming out and not talking to you - by imagining you doing , like , secret errands over the rooftops , or vanishing through trapdoors that leave no seam when they close , just traces of silver dust . ' 
 it 's like he 's describing karou . 
 secret errands and vanishing and trapdoors ? 
 and it hits me that mik thinks i 'm mysterious . 
 it is , hands down , the best compliment i 've ever been given . 
 i could tell him what my saturday nights are really like - that they 're spent lolling at poison kitchen with karou over sketchbooks and tea , moping about him - but i do n't . 
 i like this being-mysterious business . 
 ` silver dust ? ' 
 i inquire . 
 he shrugs , bashful . ' 
 i do n't know . 
 or maybe peacock footprints . ' 
 this is interesting . 
 ` peacock footprints , ' i repeat . 
 ` this poem i read , ' he says . 
 ` it had this line about `` anyone who 's woken up to find the wet footprints of a peacock across their kitchen floor , '' and ever since , i 've kind of wanted to . 
 um . 
 wake up and find peacock footprints . ' 
 ` okay , ' i say , going with it . 
 peacock footprints . 
 that could be arranged , i think , because i bet a scuppy could handle that , but then this sense of intimacy strikes me . 
 it 's the part about mik waking up . 
 the idea of ... being there for that , and vice versa . 
 it 's like a glimpse of the future - a possible future , so far beyond my ken that i get a shiver up my spine . 
 it 's this feeling of being a kid in a roomful of grown-ups : all around you are just knees , and the grown-ups are up there in their own world , a bunch of distant heads talking about things you ca n't begin to understand . 
 waking up with someone is the natural aftermath of sleeping with them , and that 's something that happens up there , with the grown-up heads . 
 me , i 'm still down here on the floor with the dropped cheerios , getting thwacked in the face when the dog wags its tail . 
 metaphorically speaking . 
 it 's not a revelation , or any kind of decision to make . 
 it 's more a glimmer of decisions to come , soon or not soon . 
 in adolescent fantasyland , the kiss is the happy ending . 
 on the planet of grown-ups , i am fully aware , it 's only a beginning . 
 i look at mik intently , wondering where he falls in the spectrum of adolescent versus grown-up expectations . 
 -lrb- and ps , if you use the word grown-up , you probably are n't one . -rrb- 
 ` you 're like that , ' he 's saying . 
 ` like peacock footprints . 
 unexpected . 
 and this night was like that . 
 amazing . 
 and ... i did n't want to be the guy who just wakes up and finds the footprints . ' 
 ` wait . 
 what ? 
 i thought you did want to find the footprints . ' ' 
 i do , but not just . 
 i wanted to do something , too . 
 contribute something . 
 to this . ' 
 he makes a gesture that encompasses us . 
 an ` us ' gesture that , given the recent detour of my thoughts , seems rich with meaning . 
 and then the gesture opens up to include the dock , the violin lying there , the stream going past . 
 ` not that it 's much . 
 it was the best i could do on the spur of the moment . ' 
 ` it 's great , ' i say , meaning it completely . 
 ` it 's totally peacock footprints . 
 i did n't expect it at all . ' 
 i do n't mention the brief despair breakdown it caused back in the lyceum courtyard , or my zested heart , or my argument with myself over whether or not he was a jerk . 
 ` good . ' 
 with a little worry frown , he says , ' i hope it did n't hijack your plans . ' 
 i shake my head . 
 ` no . 
 this is great . ' 
 what were my plans , anyway ? 
 i was going to play it by ear after the courtyard , with the thought of going somewhere indoors where the ice orb would begin to melt . 
 where is the ice orb , anyway ? 
 he has n't already melted it , has he , and read the message ? 
 my heartbeat skitters at the thought . 
 ` do you , um , have that ... ice orb ? ' 
 ` oh . 
 yes . 
 i do . ' 
 he snaps upright , and i realize belatedly that he 's been leaning down to bring his face nearer to mine . 
 now he offers me his arm like some kind of old-fashioned gentleman . 
 ` this way , please , my lady . ' 
 hmm . 
 what 's this ? 
 i loop my arm through his , and he escorts me to the end of the dock , past his violin case , and reveals ... more peacock footprints . 
 not literally . 
 there 's a rowboat tied up at the end of the dock , swaying gently below us in the dark water . 
 in the most delightful and unexpected tableau , it 's set up for tea . 
 i recognize the tea tray at once as belonging to poison . 
 a silver teapot , ` arsenic ' dish and ` strychnine ' pitcher , two white china cups on saucers , and there 's the ice orb glinting like crystal , and also ... a bakery box . 
 bakery box . 
 oh my god i 'm starving . 
 and freezing . 
 and tea ... and a bakery box ... in a rowboat ... i look up at mik , in awe . 
 ` how did you - ? ' 
 ` the twenty minutes , ' he says . ' 
 i walked really fast . 
 but even so , i could n't have done it if that crazy guy with the eye patch was n't such a fan of you . 
 i got the definite feeling that he would n't have let the silver out the door for anyone but you . ' 
 ` well , there is one other person . 
 my best friend . 
 we go there a lot . 
 imrich 's kind of protective of us . ' 
 ` you think ? 
 he gave me this ten-second silent stare , and i 'm pretty sure that if my intentions were n't honorable , my face would have melted . ' 
 hmm . 
 i hope his intentions are n't too honorable . 
 wait . 
 or do i ? 
 i hope his intentions are mildly dishonorable , and extend to kissing , and that 's all . 
 for now . 
 ` i 'm glad your face did n't melt . ' 
 because you 'll need it for kissing . 
 ` me , too . 
 would you like some tea ? ' 
 ` more than words can say . ' 
 there 's a little ladder at the end of the pier and i climb down first and scramble into the boat , trying not to set it rocking and spill the tea . 
 i 'm light , anyway , so it does n't move too much until mik climbs down after me . 
 ` so the tea 's from poison , ' i say , which makes sense . 
 it is right around the corner . 
 ` what about the boat ? ' 
 ` well . ' 
 mik pours tea into my cup . 
 it 's still steaming , thank god . 
 ` let 's just say , we should probably keep it tied up where it is . ' 
 my first mouthful of tea is heaven , and the warmth of the cup in my numb hands is , too . ' 
 i see . 
 so we do n't have permission to be here . ' 
 ` not exactly . 
 i only had twenty minutes . 
 i was kind of scrambling . 
 cake ? ' 
 cake . 
 as subject changes go , it 's a good one . 
 i hesitate for the tiniest instant , though , because my brain gets on this hamster wheel of concern over the likelihood of imminent kissing . 
 to eat or not to eat , that is the question : whether ' t is nobler in the stomach to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous hunger -lrb- while keeping mouthparts in pristine kissing condition -rrb- or to take spoon against a slice of cake , and - ` yes , please , ' my stomach pipes up . 
 and mik opens the bakery box to reveal a small , whole sacher torte , its chocolate so dark it looks black . 
 chocolate . 
 thank god . 
 if he 'd brought a non-chocolate cake , i would have had to give him a demerit . 
 we have no forks or plates , only our teaspoons , so we eat with those , me making the first divot in the cake 's smooth surface - a dainty fairylike bite that is really not my usual mo - and holy hell the chocolate is so intense and pure it should be named an element and given a spot on the periodic table . 
 it would be ch , which is n't even taken . 
 the boat sways softly , and my feet are freezing , but the tea warms me from the inside , and each little jolt of mik eye contact triggers a minor blush that warms my face , so i 'm doing okay -lrb- so much more than okay -rrb- , even though it 's february in prague and only crazy people would sit in a rowboat eating cake in a snowstorm . 
 because : oh . 
 the snow 's coming down thicker now . 
 we both look up and around , like : huh . 
 it 's falling in great downy billows , and when it hits the water it melts like sugar in coffee . 
 it would be very sweet coffee , because it 's a lot of sugar . 
 on the rooftops and dock - and even on the cake - it 's piling up . 
 it 's mik who makes the decision to ignore it . 
 ` so , are you from prague ? ' 
 he asks me , looking at me with this determination to not notice the blizzard . 
 he takes another bite of cake . 
 i take another bite , too . 
 and another gulp of hot tea . ' 
 Česky krumlov . 
 you ? ' 
 ` here . 
 vinohrady . 
 my family still lives there , but i 'm in nove mesto now . ' 
 we 're both acting like we 're at a table in a cafe , as normal as can be . ' 
 i live in hradčany , ' i tell him , ` with a vampiric great-aunt . ' 
 and this totally normal conversation unspools from there , covering the basics : family , siblings , school , favorite composers , favorite movies , favorite wood -lrb- for carving puppets -rrb- , the prehistory of the sandwich , and whether the ancient romans got their togas caught in the spokes of their unicycles . 
 okay , so it starts out totally normal and takes a turn . 
 on account of the ice orb . 
 ah , yes , the ice orb . 
 see , while i 'm not paying attention to it - because , hello , i 'm paying attention to the beautiful boy who serenaded me and brought me cake - i guess it rolls up to rest against the hot teapot and ... melts , and ... yields up its message . 
 ready or not . 
 him 11 seize the something so , i 'm really cold . 
 the tea 's helping a little , but it 's getting silly , staying out here . 
 at some point it 'll go from silly in a good way to silly in a we 're - going-to-be-found-like-this-in-the-morning-with-our-smiles-frozen-on-our-blue-faces way . 
 the tea can be our hourglass . 
 when we run out , or it gets cold , whichever happens first , it 's time to go . 
 but for the moment , the tea 's still hot , and it 's still good silly . 
 a story we 'll tell . 
 the night we finally met . 
 it 's a really good story so far . 
 i wonder how the rest of it will go . 
 how it will end . 
 the night , i mean , not the story . 
 i know how i hope the night will end . 
 well . 
 there are two versions , actually , but my better nature has locked my guy nature in a box on this one . 
 my better nature hopes it will end with me walking zuzana home and kissing her good night at her door . 
 i keep wanting to reach over and touch her face . 
 hell . 
 seeing her shiver , i want to take her into my coat and button it around her . 
 i want to warm my face against her neck and steam her up like a mirror and write my name on her with my fingertip . 
 i want to warm my hands up , too . 
 i think of her skin so deeply buried in there under coats and layers , and she 's like the secret center of a tootsie pop . 
 something about winter layers : they challenge you to imagine the hidden shape within . 
 i mean , it 's not all imagination . 
 i 've seen zuzana out of her outermost layers at least , at the theater , but i 've only known her in winter , so : sweaters , scarves , jeans , boots . 
 nary a glimpse of ankle or clavicle , those miracles of girl geometry . 
 it 's very victorian , but in the depths of a girlfriendless winter , a glimpse of ankle would probably excite me . 
 in the abstract , walking around the city with zuzana 's notes and maps in my pockets and her puppets in my arms , it was easy to not be such a guy . 
 there was something so innocent about it , like a fairy tale . 
 but sitting right in front of her , looking at her beautiful face , there are ... impulses . 
 if this night is a fairy tale , then this is the happily ever after , right , or at least the beginning of it ? 
 and the thing about happily ever afters ? 
 those princesses and woodcutter 's sons have bodies under their coats , too . 
 i mean , what do you think happily ever after means ? 
 -lrb- i ca n't be the only one who thinks this . -rrb- 
 and it 's not like i 've never imagined happily-ever-aftering with zuzana . 
 i 'm a guy . 
 but even before tonight , there was something about her that took my imagination to a higher level . 
 a girlfriend level - like a movie montage of hand-holding and cooking dinners and reading books in the park . 
 and then happily-ever-aftering . 
 eventually . 
 someday . 
 maybe . 
 hopefully . 
 untying the sash of zuzana 's coat would be like taking the ribbon off a present . 
 cut it out . 
 okay . 
 better nature reasserted . 
 i 'm good . 
 all this time we 're talking , and it 's easy . 
 zuzana 's funny and quick - witty - and she rolls with random things like peacock footprints so that every thread gets woven in and every topic gets bigger , weirder , more fun . 
 it 's the best kind of conversation . 
 we 're laughing a lot . 
 i tell her how i got kidnapped to hell when i was four . 
 she tells me about the biting puppet . 
 i want to meet this crazy grandfather of hers , and now i really want a golem toe , too . 
 and then i reach for the teapot to refill our cups one last time - the hourglass is up , the tea dregs are cold - and that 's when i notice : the mysterious ball of ice zuzana hung up in the lyceum courtyard has melted into a puddle . 
 well , half melted . 
 the side resting against the teapot has gone flat , and the capsule inside is sticking out . 
 ` oh . ' 
 when i pick it up i see zuzana go still , and i wonder : what 's in it ? 
 when i look inquiringly at her , she 's biting her lip . 
 nervous . 
 ` should i open it ? ' 
 i ask , and she does n't answer right away . 
 now i 'm really curious . 
 her eyes consider me in silence - and more silence , and more - and i have this uncomfortable feeling that she 's seeing right into my locked-away guy nature , and somehow knows i thought of her as a tootsie pop center , and then - silence , silence , silence - finally , cautiously , she says ... ` okay . ' 
 ` okay ? ' 
 i hold it up , the partial ice ball with this little tube sticking out of it . 
 ` okay , ' she repeats , and her eyes are very still and clear , very dark and watchful . 
 this is something important . 
 i already ca n't feel my fingers , and freeing the tube the rest of the way from the ice deadens them to the point that they feel like wooden finger prosthetics , and if you 've ever tried to open a plastic tube and unroll a very small scroll using wooden finger prosthetics -lrb- and really , who has n't ? -rrb- 
 , you know it 's not easy . 
 and the whole time i 'm fumbling around with it , the silence between us gets thicker and deeper , like the snow . 
 at last , i manage it . 
 i unroll the message , and read it . 
 carpe puella . 
 seize . 
 seize the something . 
 damn . 
 i do n't know what puella means . 
 i know what i hope it means , but it 's not like i speak latin . 
 noctem and diabolus were easy , but now i 'm the one biting my lip . 
 ` um , ' i say . 
 and zuzana is still watching me with the intensity of a mind reader . 
 her jaw is clenched . 
 i am messing this up . ' 
 i do n't ... i do n't speak latin ? ' 
 i hear myself ask it like a question , and as soon as the words are out , as if by magic , the tension leaves zuzana 's face . 
 ` oh . 
 me , either . 
 i had to google that . 
 i was afraid it might be too obscure . 
 here . ' 
 she reaches for the scroll and i hand it over , and then she gets a pen out of her bag and hunches over the note , screening it from my sight as she writes something more on it . 
 then she rolls it back up and solemnly hands it over . 
 now it reads : carpe puella zuzana . 
 i swallow , and it 's cartoonishly audible . 
 ` that was what i hoped it meant , ' i say . 
 ` but if puella meant , like , sandwich , or bicycle , it could have been pretty embarrassing . ' 
 there 's a heavy pause from zuzana , just long enough for me to realize how wrong of a response this is to a girl 's request - or , rather , command - to seize her , and then she asks , calmly , ` are there even latin words for sandwich and bicycle ? 
 i mean , did the romans even have sandwiches and bicycles ? ' 
 ` well , sandwiches . 
 there have always been sandwiches . 
 the same aliens who brought dinosaurs to earth brought sandwiches , too . ' 
 what am i saying ? 
 am i supposed to just lean across right now and reach for her ? ' 
 i do n't know about bicycles , though . ' ' 
 i do n't think they had bicycles , ' zuzana says . 
 ` just unicycles . ' 
 ` unicycles . ' 
 i want to reach for her , but it seems so abrupt , i do n't know , like there 's a lunar logic to things like this , a pull of the moon , and the timing is n't right . ' 
 i did not know that . 
 did their togas get caught in the spokes ? ' 
 ` all the time . 
 there 's even a mosaic of it in pompeii . ' 
 ` it happened to my sister , ' i say . 
 ` not a unicycle , though . 
 she was on the back of some guy 's moped in milan and her skirt got caught in the spokes , and it was this flimsy gypsy skirt and the whole thing just tore away from the waistband , so there she was , in just her underwear and waistband , on this chic , busy street in milan while like a dozen bystanders tried to free her skirt from the moped tire . ' 
 ` that 's ... mortifying . ' 
 ` she also got hit in the head by a pigeon . 
 same day . ' ' 
 a pigeon ... pooped on her head ? ' 
 ` no . 
 no , it collided with her head . 
 actually knocked her off her feet and drew blood . 
 she had to get shots , because of the risk of infection . ' 
 ` sounds like italy was trying to get rid of her . ' 
 ` well , it worked . 
 she left the next day and vows never to return . ' 
 so here we are , talking about roman unicycles and alien sandwiches and my sister 's italian misfortunes , while hanging in between us is : my epic failure to carpe . 
 what 's wrong with me ? 
 maybe i locked guy nature away too tightly . 
 no , it 's not that . 
 guy nature is not what 's called for here . 
 zuzana deserves better than guy nature . 
 ` can i borrow your pen ? ' 
 i ask her . 
 she hands it to me , and i bend over the little scrap of paper and write : i want very much to carpe you , it says . 
 i may try to surprise you , though , if that 's okay . 
 also , i ca n't feel my face and hands . 
 the writing is really messy , on account of not being able to feel my hands . 
 i give the paper to zuzana , and when she reads it , she laughs . 
 ` maybe it 's time to go . ' 
 it is definitely time to go . 
 so we get out of the boat , wrangling the tea tray . 
 i help zuzana up the ladder first and then follow , and it 's when i 'm stooping on the dock for my violin case that i see ... something completely crazy . 
 all evening , ever since carpe diabolus , my rational self has been lying on its back making lazy snow angels while hopeful self sits on its chest humming and i let myself play this game of magic . 
 but it was still a game . 
 i mean , i did n't really believe it , i guess , because all of a sudden ... i do . 
 this is no longer suspension of disbelief . 
 it 's belief , and the two things are water and wine . 
 in front of me , forming one by one on the smooth pelt of the snow and leading fleetly away even as i watch , are footprints . 
 for all my poetry quoting , i could n't actually tell you what a peacock 's tracks look like , but they probably look like this : like large-ish bird tracks . 
 like hieroglyphs . 
 like magic . 
 i 'm speechless . 
 i turn to zuzana , but she has n't noticed . 
 she 's looking up at the sky , the snow swirling around her like feathers in a movie pillow fight , and i look back at the dock and already the tracks are vanishing beneath the new flurries - a secret sight no one will ever believe , maybe not even me tomorrow - and when i turn back to her , zuzana is looking at me . 
 lacquer-dark eyes , choppy hair licked into spikes by the weather . 
 black coat , black boots , hands shoved in pockets . 
 and that doll quality to her face that comes of being fine - fine as in museum-quality - every plane and curve like an artist 's harmonious choice - this fullness offsetting that austerity , this angle enhancing that arch - and the heart shape , and the wide-set eyes , and the elegant dark brows with their extraordinary mobility , and the smoothness . 
 and the lips . 
 the lips . 
 who can ever say how these things happen ? 
 i think the moon is in charge of more than just tides . 
 either i 've moved or zuzana has moved , i 'm not sure which . 
 i only know that she 's much closer all of a sudden , and whatever was hindering me from seizing her before has let me go . 
 the space between us has vanished and i 'm looking from her lips to her eyes and back again and she 's doing the same with mine , and there 's this instant as i 'm leaning toward her that we both look from lips to eyes at the same moment and lock and it 's so far beyond zing and tingle , this eye contact . 
 it 's like losing gravity and falling into space - the moment of pitching headlong when the endlessness of space asserts itself and there is no more down , only an eternity of up , and you realize you can fall forever and never run out of stars . 
 her face , my hands . 
 zuzana 's face is in my hands . 
 my numb fingertips trace down her jawline and back into her hair - just far enough to curve around the column of her neck and - lightly , gently ... ... seize her . 
 and kiss her . 
 ... ... ... and there 's no better way to thaw a face , as it turns out , than with another face . 
