 chapter one bishop bishop ! 
 bishop ! 
 bishop ! 
 the chants from the crowd wo n't stop rattling around in my head . 
 bishop ! 
 bishop ! 
 bishop ! 
 i stumble from the car to the front door , catching my foot on the step and slamming into the side of the house . 
 the world around me blurs . 
 it always does after a show . 
 look , it 's bishop riley from burn ! 
 left , right , and left again , i look over my shoulder like the paparazzi are still behind me , their voices mixing with fans that haunt me . 
 what kind of rock star ca n't handle crowds ? 
 it 's pathetic . 
 i 'm pathetic the way i let the anxiety practically swallow me whole . 
 just get inside . 
 i need to get inside , and then it will all go away . 
 i wave my personal guard back into the car before grasping the handle , desperate for quiet . 
 but as soon as i push the door open , it 's like i 'm back on stage again , everyone wanting a piece of me . 
 people are everywhere , closing in . 
 no one 's supposed to be here . 
 she promised . 
 maryanne f ** king promised there would n't be a party tonight . 
 i shove my way through the people crowded in her living room . 
 the crowd 's screams during my drum solo overtake me , wipe away the high i get when my sticks slam down on the drums . 
 no one 's staring , but it feels like they 're climbing inside my skin , gnawing from the inside out . 
 i need maryanne . 
 she said she had a surprise for me , and it sure as hell better not be this party . 
 someone hits me on the left , scoots around me on the right . 
 each touch amplifies the screaming in my head , the vice twisting around my throat . 
 i flex my hands , wishing i had my drumsticks . 
 `` bishop ! '' 
 i cover my ears , but then i realize it 's maryanne calling my name . 
 she bounces over to me , a big-ass smile on her face . 
 `` come with me ! '' 
 she 's yelling , but i can still hardly hear her . 
 my feet tangle again as i go up the stairs and follow maryanne down the hallway . 
 with each step , the vice around my throat gets tighter , flashes of the show tonight playing in my head . 
 10,000 people . 
 burn ! 
 bishop ! 
 burn ! 
 it mingles with the phone call from my a ** hole dad . 
 he wants more money , he always does . 
 it 's the only way to get him to leave us alone . 
 i squeeze my eyes shut , everything becoming too much . 
 we slip into one of the rooms ... and it 's quiet . 
 blissfully f ** king quiet , the noise of the party muted by the walls . 
 i turn on maryanne , hating the way my hands shake . 
 `` you better have something good . '' 
 she holds up a pill bottle and grins . 
 my mouth goes dry . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` come and see . '' 
 laughing , she backs away . 
 as soon as i step toward her , she tosses the bottle at me . 
 when i get the lid off , i toss the pills in my mouth and grab the beer maryanne hands me to wash them down . 
 pills and beer gone in three seconds flat . 
 gone the way we used to be before i had the money to pay dad off , when he would find us in whatever new town we moved to so we could escape him . 
 only the pills make me feel a whole lot better than leaving did . 
 maryanne trails her fingers down my stomach . 
 `` how many did you take before you got here ? '' 
 `` a couple . 
 i only had a few with me , though . '' 
 `` here . '' 
 maryanne hands me her beer , and i down that as well . 
 it does n't take long for the edge to start drifting away , for the vice , the voices , the hands grabbing for me to fade . 
 my cell rings . 
 shit . 
 i pull out my phone , knowing i 'll get hell if i do n't answer . 
 people are always checking up on me . 
 `` where 'd you disappear to ? '' 
 blake , my band 's lead singer , asks . 
 `` i thought you were coming over . '' 
 the room is spinning . 
 how the hell does a room spin ? 
 i fall onto the bed to see if that makes it stop . 
 nope . 
 my body tingles all over . 
 it 's such an incredible feeling . 
 so much better than the hands ripping at my skin during a show or the chanting trapped in my head . 
 `` b.r. ? '' 
 oh , right . 
 i 'm on the phone . 
 `` paparazzi would n't stop following me , '' i say . 
 `` i had to ditch them . '' 
 true . 
 the word sounds funny , so i keep playing it over . 
 true , true , true , true . 
 `` you could have ditched them and still come over . 
 i thought we all decided the band would hang together after the show tonight . '' 
 we did ? 
 little bits and pieces try to form in my brain , but struggling to figure them out takes too much concentration . 
 blake 's trying to kill my buzz . 
 i 'll be damned if i let that happen . 
 the spinning starts to slow down , and i 'm pissed about it . 
 the dizzy was way better than dealing with him . 
 `` it 's not that big a deal . '' 
 my upper teeth brush against something on my bottom lip , and it startles me . 
 but then i realize it 's my lip ring , and laughter starts pouring out of me . 
 i do n't want to stop . 
 i do n't remember the last time i laughed this hard-the last time i let loose with people who were n't in my head . 
 burn ! 
 burn ! 
 burn ! 
 it 's more than our band 's name when they yell it like that . 
 it makes me feel like they 're burning me alive . 
 my high starts slipping more ... i want to grab onto to it . 
 find something else to take to make sure it does n't go away for the rest of the night . 
 `` bishop , you need to take this shit seriously . 
 i can only cover for you so long before - '' wait . 
 `` cover for me ? 
 what the f ** k does that meant ? '' 
 `` mean . '' 
 mean ? 
 what is he talking about ? 
 the spinning slows to a stop . 
 he 's giving me shit for something all of us do . 
 they 're going out tonight . 
 there 's no difference if i do it with or without them . 
 and at least i have an excuse . 
 they do n't feel like they 're going to lose their shit on stage like i do . 
 not that i 'd ever tell any of them that . 
 `` bishop , '' maryanne whines . 
 `` you 're ignoring me . 
 i do n't like to be ignored . '' 
 she falls onto the bed next to me and runs her fingers down my chest again . 
 my heart picks up . 
 this is what i 'm in the mood for . 
 not blake 's shit . 
 `` is that maryanne ? '' 
 he asks . 
 bishop riley ! 
 burn , burn , burn ! 
 my buzz is sizzling away ... `` got ta go . '' 
 i hang up the phone and drop it on the bed ... floor , i do n't know and do n't care . 
 maryanne 's skirt is short-so short . 
 `` what ` cha want , b.r. ? 
 i know you want more . '' 
 do i ? 
 yeah , i do . 
 just a few minutes ago , i was laughing . 
 it takes the stress away so i can be happy . 
 i think she bats her eyelashes at me , but i ca n't tell . 
 maryanne gets up and walks over to the dresser . 
 a bottle of vodka flies at me , which i almost do n't catch . 
 with a slow smile , she pulls out two more pill containers . 
 the stress immediately seeps out of me , just that easily . 
 i deserve to party once in a while . 
 i 'm tired of people telling me otherwise . 
 i do n't know anyone who does n't let loose sometimes . 
 who does n't need help relaxing after the crazy schedule we keep ? 
 the rest of the time , i just maintain . 
 we all have to maintain . 
 for once , i want to do more than just maintain . 
 i get up and grab one of the bottles out of her hand , do n't bother reading it before trying to twist off the top . 
 it takes me three tries to open the stupid thing , but i finally get it before shaking whatever 's left into my mouth . 
 `` b.r. . 
 what about me ? '' 
 maryanne swats my arm , but i ignore it . 
 i 'm so tired of getting shit from everyone . 
 tired of feeling on edge all the time , like my own heart wants to eat me alive . 
 i just want it all to go away . 
 after fumbling a couple times , i finally manage to open the vodka before i down some , pills and all . 
 what feels like a second later , my legs go weak . 
 the spins pick up again , but it feels like my head and not the room . 
 maryanne starts laughing and dancing around . 
 i try to watch her , but a sheet keeps dropping over my eyes . 
 the room lurches . 
 i fall to the floor . 
 maryanne 's laughing , and i 'm fighting to talk , but nothing comes out . 
 something tries to crawl up my throat . 
 that stupid sheet drops down again , but it does n't go away this time . 
 why wo n't maryanne take it off ? 
 she keeps laughing ... laughing ... soon , there 's nothing left . 
 ... i try to open my eyes , but it 's like they 've been sewn shut , giving just enough to partially lift , only to fall closed again . 
 they 're puppets on a string , someone pulling the lines so they do n't listen to me . 
 the thought makes me want to laugh . 
 when i try , the sound wo n't come out . 
 my throat burns . 
 my tongue 's dry as hell , and i 'm heavy , paralyzed or something . 
 oh , shit . 
 am i dead ? 
 my heart starts pounding a really killer drum solo . 
 if my heart 's beating , i ca n't be dead , right ? 
 i try to sit up . 
 it 's a no-go , so instead i focus on my eyes , fighting like crazy to pull them open . 
 `` he 's coming around , '' someone whispers . 
 mom ? 
 i think so but ca n't tell . 
 when i feel a hand against my head , i know it 's her . 
 she 's done that since i was a kid , and i want nothing more than to lean into it . 
 that has to be good . 
 if i can remember stuff like that , i have to be okay . 
 do i want to be okay ? 
 `` bishop ? '' 
 mom whispers again . 
 the pain in her voice slices me open . 
 i hate it when she 's hurting-hate it more that i 'm pretty sure i f ** ked up big , and i 'm the one who made her feel that way . 
 `` ma ? '' 
 my voice wo n't come out right . 
 there 's something in my throat . 
 i fight to open my eyes , but they sort of flutter instead . 
 first , i only see fog , but slowly it starts to clear , and she 's leaning over me , her brown hair hanging down . 
 she smiles , but a tear slips down her face and lands on my cheek . 
 i 'm supposed to protect her , not make her cry . 
 yeah , i totally screwed up . 
 this time , i try to move my arm but realize it 's strapped down . 
 tubes are all over the damn place : on me , hanging from stuff . 
 there 's a constant beep that i must have missed before . 
 panic sets in , and i try to push up again . 
 to do something , anything . 
 since my arms are n't happening , i go for my legs . 
 try to get up . 
 `` shh . 
 it 's okay , honey . 
 just relax . '' 
 i ca n't stop . 
 i 'm freaking the hell out here , and she wants me to relax ? 
 `` he 's too agitated , '' a voice i do n't recognize says . 
 `` we 're going to give him something . '' 
 give me something ? 
 yeah , that actually sounds good . 
 mom 's face starts to blur . 
 the last thing i notice is she 's not even trying to smile anymore , and then i welcome the darkness that takes me over again . 
 ... `` i 'm not going to alaska . '' 
 when i feel my heart kick up , i fight to slow it down by squeezing the arms of the chair . 
 my band 's manager , don , does n't even attempt to hide his anger the way mom 's trying to hide her sadness . 
 don crosses his beefy arms and leans against his desk . 
 `` you 're going . '' 
 i shove out of the chair , and it crashes to the ground behind me . 
 `` first of all , i 'm an adult . 
 you ca n't make me do shit . 
 second , it was an accident . 
 a onetime accident . '' 
 i still ca n't believe it happened . 
 waking up and finding out i could have choked on my own vomit ? 
 i 've never been that messed up before . 
 it was a really bad night , and i got a little carried away , that 's all . 
 pills are a way to unwind . 
 a way to stay calm when i feel like i 'm cracking apart . 
 mom 's shaking hand moves to her mouth , and she gasps . 
 i did n't even say anything , but it 's the first time we 've even partially put it out there since i woke up in the hospital a week ago . 
 `` ma , i 'm sorry . 
 seriously , you know i did n't mean anything . 
 it was ... '' i shrug . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 just something to do , or whatever . 
 i was tired after the show and all that press stuff . 
 it helps me relax . 
 it 's not like i do it all the time . '' 
 when maryanne hooks me up , i can make a whole bottle last over a month . 
 that 's nothing compared to some of the people i know . 
 not that i could tell my mom . 
 `` bishop ... you could have died . '' 
 mom 's crying again , wiping tears with her pink-painted nails . 
 i hate myself a little more for making her feel like this . 
 `` do you realize how serious that is ? '' 
 do i realize how serious that is ? 
 that 's the stupidest question i 've ever heard . 
 `` yeah , ma . 
 i 'm the one who woke up with a tube down my throat . '' 
 that only makes her cry harder . 
 if possible , i feel even shittier . 
 mom does n't deserve this crap , does n't deserve my screw-ups since she 's given up everything so i can be here . 
 too bad i ca n't seem to make myself do anything about it . 
 don clears his throat . 
 `` if you understand how serious it is , you get why you 're going to seldon . 
 your mom and i have been talking , and we think - '' `` do n't talk about me like i 'm an idiot . 
 i do n't need you two discussing shit behind my back . '' 
 when he speaks again , don 's voice is hard . 
 `` do you know how long i 've been in this business , bishop ? '' 
 right now , i could n't care less . 
 `` over twenty years . 
 i 've seen a lot of talent come and go . 
 i 've seen people make it big and people screw it all up . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` i 've seen people die . '' 
 `` i - '' `` shut up and let me finish . 
 i believe last week was an accident , but i do n't believe this was a onetime thing . 
 you might think i 'm an idiot , but i can tell when someone 's high . 
 i 've been around the block with musicians both in better and worse shape than you . 
 i also know you 're on the edge . 
 if you keep going the way you are now , you 'll take a header right off it . 
 it starts out as a way to relax , then you start losing control once in awhile like last week , and before you know it , you do n't have any control at all . 
 i 've seen it . '' 
 `` we just want you to take a little break , sweetie , '' mom adds . 
 `` that 's all . 
 get a clear head and see what you 're doing . '' 
 looking at her hurts too much , so i look at don instead . 
 it 's easier to be pissed at him . 
 `` you 're lucky you have people who care about you . 
 not everyone has that . 
 i 've been around long enough to know that even though you 're making me money now , you get worse and you 're going to start costing me money . 
 it 's alaska or rehab . 
 you choose . 
 we can keep alaska quiet , which honestly is a damn blessing . 
 the press does n't know what happened last week , and we might be able to keep it that way . 
 they find out and everything changes . 
 it 's not about the band 's music anymore . 
 it all turns into ` how 's your drummer ? 
 staying clean ? ' 
 i wo n't let you screw up my band up like that , riley . '' 
 i hate the way he pulls that last name bullshit . 
 don looks at me all cocky , like he knows he has me . 
 music awards are all over the walls of his stupid office , taunting me . 
 our grammy from last year . 
 `` and if i refuse ? '' 
 the look on mom 's face tells me i broke her further . 
 don 's scowl says he 's beyond pissed , but what the hell ? 
 they 're not the ones getting shipped away . 
 bishop ! 
 bishop ! 
 bishop ! 
 focusing , i think of the pills i have back at home . 
 after dealing with this , i deserve one `` you 're a natural drummer , kid . '' 
 i shake my head , wishing my hands would stay still . 
 he knows it pisses me off when he calls me kid even more than the last name thing . 
 `` you 're one of the best i 've seen , and you 're still a damn teenager . 
 i 'd hate to lose you . 
 the guys would hate to lose you , but you 're no good to us if we have to worry about you swallowing your own tongue because you 're too f ** ked up to see straight . 
 one night leads to two , to three . 
 you 'll keep getting closer to that cliff and i 'll be damned before all our hard work goes to waste because you could n't handle it . '' 
 handle it ? 
 how do i handle this ? 
 the feeling that everyone at a show is inside me , taking over my insides and jumping on my heart . 
 pills are the only things that dull the chaos in my head . 
 mom reaches over and touches my shoulder . 
 `` i only want you okay . 
 i do n't care about the band . 
 i care about you . 
 we need to do what 's best for you . '' 
 if that were true , she would n't be listening to don . 
 `` the guys wo n't go for this . 
 they have my back . '' 
 we 're on top of the world right now . 
 three number-one singles in the past six months and he wants me to hide out ? 
 he rubs his beard . 
 `` you disappeared for a day in tokyo . 
 you passed out and missed that interview in new york . 
 you missed a band meeting the same day you downed a bunch of pills . 
 they 're not going to have your back on this . 
 and they 've also been instructed not to talk to you while you 're gone . 
 you 're stepping away from everything while you 're there . '' 
 `` i - '' they 're not allowed to talk to me . 
 the guys , my bandmates , know about this . 
 they sold me out . 
 i 've talked to every one of them this week and no one said anything about alaska . 
 don cuts me off before i can think of something to say . 
 he sighs , his body going a little limp like he actually cares . 
 `` we have nothing going on for the next couple months . 
 the guys are all taking some time off . 
 this is the perfect chance for you to figure out what you want . 
 to back your ass away from the cliff . 
 you have two months to get it together or you 're out . 
 that 'll give us enough time to pull someone in before the tour . '' 
 out . 
 as in out of the band . 
 it 's like the crowd is inside my chest again . 
 i struggle to slow my breathing . 
 this is my life . 
 drumming is my life . 
 `` you 're going to take music away from me ? '' 
 i look at mom , but she lets her eyes drift closed . 
 `` no , kid . 
 you 're going to take music away from you . '' 
 don 's stern face does n't change . 
 `` i do n't have a problem , '' i blurt out . 
 `` then it wo n't bother you to take a vacation . '' 
 i throw my arms in the air . 
 `` fine , but i do n't call alaska in february a vacation spot . 
 i get to pick the place . '' 
 don actually laughs . 
 `` you lost your chance to negotiate . 
 it 's seldon , alaska , or nothing . 
 troy grew up around there , and he and gary go back every once in a while . 
 you ca n't get into much trouble there and unlike l.a. , it 's the kind of place you can hide out , because i swear to god , if i see your face plastered on a tabloid cover like you 're lindsay f ** king lohan , you 're out . 
 i 'm not dealing with that shit anymore . '' 
 mom shifts , her serious matching don 's . 
 `` it 'll be an adventure , bishop . 
 we 've never been to alaska . 
 it 'll be like when you were younger-just the two of us . '' 
 those words shock my system . 
 i feel like i really am trying to swallow my tongue like don said . 
 i ca n't do this with mom . 
 ca n't handle the way she looks at me . 
 ca n't handle her chewing her pink-painted nails , scared i 'm going to lose it at any second . 
 push her graying brown hair behind her ear and know i 'm probably giving her more of it . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` not her . 
 i. . . 
 i ca n't go with her . 
 if it 's her , i walk . '' 
 i look at mom , hoping she 'll get it . 
 hoping she sees i 'm not trying to hurt her , but instead she gasps , her chin starting to tremble . 
 she looks over at don , and i know he 'll save her , but he surprises me by saying , `` no . 
 gary 's been through this before . 
 he 's got this . '' 
 mom looks as surprised as i am that he 's sending me with his brother . 
 ... we decided it would be better if no one knows who i am . 
 and by we , i mean don , but whatever . 
 i get it . 
 it 's not like i want people to know i 'm stuck in some shithole town with people who probably marry their cousins . 
 we dyed my bleached hair back to its original dark brown . 
 don wanted my lip ring gone , but there 's no way i 'm losing it . 
 they 're already shipping me off like some degenerate drug addict . 
 i think i 'm being pretty damn accommodating . 
 frustrated , i put my feet up on the dashboard . 
 `` how are you feeling ? 
 any withdrawal symptoms or anything ? '' 
 what ? 
 i look at my bodyguard , gary . 
 `` first of all , it 's been over a week since the party . 
 if i were going to withdraw , would n't it have already happened ? 
 second , i 'm not a pill-head ! 
 i do n't take that shit every day . 
 that 's what you guys do n't get . '' 
 `` you do n't have to take something every day for it to be a problem . '' 
 there 's a tenseness in gary 's voice i do n't often hear from him , but i ignore it . 
 after what feels like a year , gary pulls off the snow-covered road and into a snow-covered driveway in the middle of too many snow-covered trees to count . 
 `` it 'll serve you guys right if i get attacked by a bear or something . '' 
 as soon as i say it , i realize how stupid it sounds , but i do n't care . 
 `` bears are asleep this time of year , '' is all gary says . 
 ignoring him , i look at the microscopic cabins in front of us . 
 they 're the size of the hotel rooms from when we first started . 
 now , we always stay in suites . 
 `` they do n't usually rent them out this time of year , so we paid for the whole thing . 
 they do n't know who you are , so now 's the time to tell me if you 're going to create an alias . '' 
 i drop my head to the side and look at him . 
 he 's don 's brother , but their last name is where the resemblance ends . 
 don 's huge . 
 gary 's small and thin . 
 don 's all business . 
 gary thinks he 's a comedian . 
 don is straight as they come . 
 gary is gay . 
 there 's something about gary that makes you not want to screw with him , though . 
 maybe it 's his big-ass , bodybuilding boyfriend . 
 `` this is n't a game , man . 
 it 's my life . '' 
 gary shrugs . 
 `` your call . 
 you need to at least lose the last name , though . 
 you can be like madonna . 
 all the really cool rock stars go by one name . '' 
 he winks . 
 i curse under my breath . 
 we just got here , and i 'm already over it . 
 `` funny . '' 
 i move to get out of the car , but he stops me . 
 `` you can do this , bishop . 
 i know it 's tough , but you can do it . 
 troy was a whole hell of a lot worse than you before he got clean . 
 he went to rehab , and when he finished , we came here to recoup . 
 not the cabins , but his parents ' house . 
 did don tell you troy grew up here ? '' 
 i 'm still trying to sort through what he said . 
 i never knew his boyfriend used to be an addict . 
 and i hate that they 're comparing me to that . 
 after pulling my arm away , i get out of the car . 
 he 's right behind me . 
 `` since we have the whole place , i want my own cabin . '' 
 really , i 'm still thinking about troy and how they think i need the same treatment as someone who went to rehab . 
 he walks to the trunk and opens it . 
 `` we 're next door to each other and you get random check-ins . 
 i 'll also be searching your cabin often , and before we separate , i 'm looking through your bag and your clothes . 
 you go anywhere , you have to ask first . 
 i want to see you before you go and when you come home . 
 you also ca n't be gone for longer than a couple hours at a time . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 `` i 'm not done . 
 we also have sit-down talks at least once a week . 
 we 're also getting you on some kind of schedule . 
 when troy got clean , he started working out . 
 i 'm starting you with an hour walk daily . 
 sometimes we 'll go together , others you can go alone . 
 it 'll be good for you to have some time being at one with nature . '' 
 gary 's eyebrows go up . 
 he 's obviously enjoying this . 
 i groan , but it 's really just a cover . 
 my heart 's beating a million miles an hour . 
 there 's no time to think about the walk or any of the other shit he said . 
 gary 's going to search my bag . 
 my mind flashes to the pills i have tucked in a little slit in the back . 
 i think it 's hidden , but there 's a chance he 'll find it . 
 `` i 'm in a town the size of a shoebox . 
 i have no car and definitely no friends . 
 it 's not like there 's anywhere i 'm going to go ... well , except on your walks , i guess . '' 
 i 'm hoping this diverts him so he does n't realize i 'm freaking the hell out . 
 gary laughs , and i suddenly want to punch him in the face . 
 i used to like him better than don . 
 `` such a grouch . 
 now get over here and help me with the bags . '' 
 i take a step forward , somehow slip in the snow , and fall on my ass . 
 gary laughs harder . 
 i f ** king hate alaska . 
 chapter two penny adrenaline rushes through me as i fly behind the enemy 's goal with the puck in my possession . 
 the screaming crowd barely registers over the sound of my breathing and skates against ice . 
 this game could get us into the semifinals , and we 're so close to the end . 
 ten seconds left . 
 i know where each player is-most of us have been on the same teams for years-and i can pick out any of the guys by the way they move on the ice . 
 i barely dodge the opposing center , and mitch is weaving up the middle . 
 he 's about to veer to the left and will be in front of the goal in perfect time . 
 he just has to get around the defense . 
 i 'm watching out the corner of my eye as i keep the puck close . 
 mitch and i have more assists and goals than anyone else in the state , and that 's really saying something . 
 there 's a lot of talent up here . 
 okay . 
 focus . 
 time slows as it always does when i 'm moving this fast . 
 each push of my skate , each hit of my stick against the puck registers in my brain so i do n't screw up . 
 five seconds left . 
 just before number eight tries for a steal , i snap my stick and shoot the puck straight to mitch who slams it toward the goal . 
 number eight rams me into the wall , forcing the air from my lungs , but i do n't tear my eyes from the net . 
 the goalie reaches up and makes contact with the puck on the tip of his glove . 
 i hold my breath until it falls just to the inside of the red line . 
 despite my protesting ribs , i throw my hands in the air and scream as the buzzer rings . 
 number eight was n't fooling around . 
 my side 's killing me . 
 mitch crashes into me for a hug , and the rest of the team mauls us . 
 all the shit i get from outsiders for being the only girl on the team is totally worth it for this . 
 ... `` pen-ny ! 
 pen-ny ! '' 
 the guys chant as i step out of the girl 's locker room . 
 i love this-the high from the game , from the crowd , from my guys . 
 my white-blond hair is still soaked from the shower , and my whole body aches . 
 they were a rough team , and i wonder how many bruises i 'll have tomorrow . 
 i shift my huge hockey duffel higher on my shoulder , sending another wave of pain through my left side . 
 `` party 's at matt 's place ! '' 
 mitch tosses an arm over my shoulder , making me shift my bag again as we head for the door . 
 he 'd never insult me by asking to carry it . 
 `` you coming ? '' 
 `` i 'll be there . '' 
 there 's a part of me that wishes the guys were online gamers or dandd nerds or something so i did n't have to deal with the partying , but at least they 're serious enough about hockey to not get into anything major . 
 they also do n't say a word when i take their keys . 
 `` heard back from michigan yet ? '' 
 his smile is wide , and his dark hair flops over his forehead . 
 `` their women 's team is pretty hardcore . '' 
 my chest sinks because even mitch does n't understand that i really want to keep playing with the guys . 
 i do n't want to go to michigan . 
 i do n't want to go to illinois or washington or wisconsin . 
 i 've given up explaining that i actually do want to stay in alaska and go to uaa or uaf , so i usually give the most non-committal answers possible . 
 to mom , to gramps , to everyone because apparently they all have a plan for penny jones that does n't include my input . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 `` do you have to check in at home first ? '' 
 mitch asks quietly . 
 `` yeah . 
 mom 's working tonight , so i definitely need to stop by . '' 
 i love gramps , and it scares me to leave him at home for too long . 
 so far , his confusion has n't gotten dangerous , but i still worry . 
 he was too tired to come to my game , and that does n't happen often . 
 `` when 's your mom going to hire someone to stick around him ? '' 
 i ca n't think about that yet . 
 it 's too drastic . 
 `` not until we have to . 
 he 's had a lot of good days lately . '' 
 even as i say the words , i know he 'll go downhill no matter what we do . 
 mitch gives me a squeeze because he 's known me long enough to understand what i need . 
 `` want me to do your check-in with you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i know mitch would , but i also know he 'd probably rather not . 
 i 'd rather him not because he 'll bring his girlfriend with him and watching them might kill my buzz from the game . 
 i want to head straight to the party , even though i 'm not a drinker . 
 someone has to be there to make sure the guys do n't accidentally kill one another playing some daredevil game while wasted . 
 `` i 'll be keymaster until you get there , cool ? '' 
 he gives me another squeeze . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i breathe a sigh of relief . 
 mitch gets my need to keep our friends safe-even when they 're too shit-faced to give a crap either way . 
 i glance at the door where mitch 's girlfriend , rebecca , is scowling at me . 
 like she always does when i stand close to mitch . 
 she 's perfectly dressed and perfectly made-up with her tiny , curved body and perfectly smooth brown hair . 
 the exact opposite of the kind of girl who could understand mitch . 
 whatever . 
 he gives me a peck on the side of his head before dropping his arm and his bag and running to pick her up . 
 this always appeases her , and generally makes me realize that i might not be as okay with him and rebecca as i 'd like to be . 
 he 's dated before , but rebecca 's different . 
 she 's been around longer , and he shows no sign of wanting to move on to someone else . 
 it sounds crazy , but mitch has always been a given with me . 
 he 's my best friend , and i 've never had a doubt that someday there would be a mitch and penny . 
 the little pang of longing or loss or jealousy is brief , but only because i 'm good at pushing it away . 
 `` good game , jones . '' 
 freddie and chomps-well , david , but we all call him chomps-slap me on the back as i step around mitch and rebecca who have just become a twisted-up mess of hormones in the doorway . 
 chomps is defense and about as big as you 'd expect a guy with a nickname like chomps to be . 
 he and his girlfriend are n't this obnoxious . 
 it might have something to do with the fact that they 've been dating since , like , eighth grade and are likely to get married within two months of graduation , but still . 
 `` see ya , lucky penny ! '' 
 mitch manages a short wave before he 's again sucked in by the vacuum that is rebecca 's lips . 
 or maybe it has more to do with her boobs . 
 `` shove it , a ** hole . '' 
 i grin as i push open the second set of doors even though i 'm not feeling it . 
 the thought of losing mitch makes it hard to breathe . 
 i just need to get home and do my check-in so i can meet up with everyone , then i 'll be fine again . 
 i 'm sure . 
 the snow 's coming down hard , and there 's probably already a foot of the heavy , wet stuff in the parking lot . 
 good thing matt lives close to me , because if he did n't , there 's no way i 'd drive in this mess just to watch the guys get trashed . 
 bitty , my red truck , spins sideways out of the parking lot , and i give her a bit of extra gas just to kick up some snow and keep her sideways a bit longer . 
 once she gets traction again , i shove her in four-wheel drive for the trip home . 
 i flick on the radio to my favorite rock station and crank it up-anything to keep my high from the game for a while . 
 when i glance behind me , chomps 's truck is on my tail , filled with guys , also skidding sideways and spraying snow . 
 it sucks to have to check-in at home instead of riding with them . 
 it 's bad enough i miss the locker room talk . 
 then again , they probably talk about girls whenever i 'm not around , so maybe i should be glad i 'm not there . 
 what matters is they take care of me on the ice , and i take care of them . 
 a team . 
 at least for a few more games . 
 and then comes the part i do n't want to think about because i 'm not ready for anything to change . 
 ... i live in the crazy house off the corner near the river . 
 this is alaskan direction speak . 
 my gramps and gramma lived in a trailer , and then they built around that . 
 and then they added on to that , and then they added on again . 
 gramps lives in the trailer part that 's now shielded by our house , but it still looks like a trailer parked in the basement when you 're inside . 
 at last count , we had five different kinds of siding on our three and a half story house , in five different colors of brown and blue , and a half junkyard 's worth of cars off the left side for gramps 's hobby . 
 to the right are the perfect , tidy little log cabins and manicured yard -lrb- now buried under several feet of snow -rrb- that mom and i rent out in the summer . 
 two of our small cabins have lights on , and i remember we have guys up from california . 
 hopefully , the renters wo n't stick around for long . 
 it 's annoying having to worry about guests during hockey season-especially rich ones who expect special treatment just because they 've rented out the whole place during winter . 
 it 's our off-season . 
 who else is going to be here ? 
 i put my truck in park and see gramps line-dancing in the second story kitchen . 
 gramps in the kitchen usually means he 's not all present , but he 's happy . 
 it 's his normal . 
 mild dementia , and what the doctor says might turn to alzheimer 's , hit two years ago when gramma died . 
 in his lucid moments , he tells me it 's better this way . 
 he does n't miss her as much as he would if he always knew what was going on . 
 it both breaks my heart and relieves me . 
 in his spots of drastic confusion-anything goes . 
 fortunately , those do n't happen often . 
 it 's another reason i wish dad was still around because maybe if gramps had n't lost both his son and his wife , his mind would still work . 
 i kick off my winter boots in our large entry and jog up the wooden stairs to the second story where we live . 
 other than the hole i call my room , downstairs houses a bunch of freezers , gramps 's food storage , and a big rack for all my hockey , snow-machining , and motocross gear . 
 gramps is big into `` preparedness '' even though it 's borderline paranoid . 
 i 'd blame the dementia , but he 's had this little quirk for as long as i can remember . 
 `` hey , gramps . '' 
 he stops mid-dance step with a fresh pie in his hand . 
 his long beard touches the top of gramma 's old white and red checked apron with frilled lace on the edges . 
 he says the apron brings him luck in the kitchen . 
 i 'm not about to argue since i do n't know how to cook , and most of what he makes is delicious . 
 `` lucky penny ! 
 how are ya , my girl ! '' 
 he grins wide , wrinkling the skin around his eyes . 
 `` i 'm good . '' 
 he sets the pie on the counter with a flourish , and i wrap my arms around him for a quick hug . 
 `` what ` cha got there ? '' 
 i ask as my stomach starts to grumble . 
 i have no idea how many calories i burn in a game because i 've never been a calorie-counting kind of girl , but i do know i 'm always starving when we finish . 
 `` steak and strawberry pie . '' 
 he smiles proudly . 
 my stomach turns-first because no one should put a piece of steak in their mouth at the same time as a strawberry , and second , it means he 's not doing as well as i want him to-at least not tonight . 
 definitely not good enough for me to feel okay about ditching him for a party . 
 he picks up the faded , red hot-pads and does a few dancing steps to the god-awful country music he 's listened to since i can remember . 
 his gray ponytail hangs halfway down his back and swings a bit as he two-steps to the other side of the plywood-floored kitchen . 
 `` you want a slice ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` nah . 
 i ate after the game . '' 
 i swallow the lump that formed in my throat , and tears spring to my eyes . 
 i know gramps says he does n't care he 's like this , but i know better . 
 i 'm wondering if it 'll hit him before or after he takes a bite of the stupid pie . 
 i pull out my phone and text mitch . 
 wo n't make it . 
 not having a good night here . 
 mitch answers in less than a minute like he always does . 
 say the word and a few of us will bring the party to you . 
 maybe i have n't lost mitch to rebecca . 
 at least not totally . 
 i lean against the large wooden picnic table set in the middle of the kitchen . 
 i know the guys would come here , and gramps might love it , but if mom ends up home at a decent hour tonight , that 's not going to work . 
 i never seem to know what her schedule at the hospital is-mostly because she picks up whatever nursing shifts she can get . 
 and now that i 'm thinking about it ... it 's been probably two weeks since mom and i spent any real time together . 
 she must really be pushing for extra hours . 
 thanks anyway . 
 c u mon at schl . 
 sorry pen i start to write back and tell him not to worry but do n't bother . 
 he 'll worry no matter what , because he 's a good guy that way . 
 rebecca says she 'll keep the keys irritation rushes through me . 
 i 'm sure she 's doing it so mitch will be given another chance to tell me how she 's trying to get along with the team , and how i might be overreacting to the stupid stuff she does , like pressing her boobs against the plexiglass that surrounds our rink . 
 thx i write back only because i ca n't be a bitch and say nothing . 
 i slump lower in my seat and realize the music 's stopped . 
 gramps is staring at the untouched pie . 
 `` kinda weird , is n't it ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` to put both steak and strawberries in the same place . '' 
 i want to lie . 
 i want to tell him that everyone makes steak and strawberry pie , but i swore to him i 'd tell him the truth-even when i really do n't want to . 
 `` a little . '' 
 he sighs and pulls off gramma 's apron , hanging it on the hook next to the window . 
 `` dessert instead ? '' 
 he asks , trying hard to lighten his voice . 
 i c * ck a brow . 
 `` depends on what we 're having ? '' 
 `` ice cream . '' 
 he chuckles as he pulls open the freezer door . 
 `` it 's too bad . 
 i think i really nailed the crust . '' 
 i have to laugh , even though i 'm blotting tears away again . 
 nobody as good as gramps should ever have to deal with losing his mind . 
 `` do n't worry , penny . 
 i know how to get two bowls . 
 i think we 're safe . '' 
 he 's trying to tease as he sets the bowls on the counter , but his hands shake as he does it . 
 he 's not so far gone that he does n't realize when he does something weird , and it makes me hate again that this is happening to him . 
 he hits the power on the radio and the horrid country oldies station blares through the house . 
 as much as i hate the twang , it means that things are about as right as they 're going to be . 
 there 's definitely comfort to be gained from that . 
 ... mom 's at the table in the morning looking out over what 's probably two feet of fresh snow . 
 her blond hair is n't as bright as mine , but she keeps it long and wrapped up in a braided bun most days . 
 mine hangs perfectly straight to my shoulders-long enough for a very small ponytail . 
 i shuffle into the room , huddled in my sweatshirt . 
 the february sun reflects off the wood walls , making the house feel warmer , even though the frost on the edges of the windows says it 's probably well below zero . 
 `` morning , penny . 
 heard you helped win the game last night . '' 
 she smiles over her cup of coffee . 
 `` we all played well . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` have n't seen you in forever . '' 
 `` brandy said you passed to mitch for the winning goal . '' 
 her brows go up , and the corners of her mouth twitch . 
 brandy is chomps 's mom . 
 `` yeah , i did . '' 
 i replay the pass in my head . 
 perfection . 
 but my whole left side is still a bit sore . 
 nothing a hot tub and some advil wo n't fix . 
 `` i got another letter from the sports director at minnesota . 
 it 's big , penny . '' 
 her smile is wide and full of pride . 
 `` they 've been national champions more often than not in the past five years . '' 
 i know it 's big . 
 they 're good . 
 really good . 
 i steel myself , knowing she 's trying to bait me into another conversation about college that i do n't want to have . 
 `` both uaf and uaa have good programs , and then i 'd still be in alaska and not so far away . '' 
 and still playing with guys like i 've been doing since i was eight . 
 mom frowns . 
 `` uaa does n't even always have a women 's team , penny . 
 do n't you wan na - '' `` can we talk later ? '' 
 i ask because the fact that uaa only sometimes has a women 's team is why i want to go . 
 not that there 's anything wrong with a girl 's team-it 's just not me . 
 i stare at the table , hoping she 'll drop the subject because i really do n't know how to answer in a way that 'll keep her happy , and me in alaska where i want to be . 
 mom , gramps , and everyone else thinks it 's important to get out-explore the world , figure out who i am or whatever . 
 i already know who i am . 
 running away to college is n't going to help me learn something i already know . 
 her frown holds for a moment , and then her face softens . 
 like she 's decided she 'll let it go for now . 
 thankfully . 
 `` did you go to the party last night ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i sit at the end of the bench on our table , unsure yet if i want to be sitting or not because now i 'm thinking about gramps . 
 if i tell the truth , she 'll know he 's not doing as well as i want him to . 
 `` i take it that 's a no ? '' 
 she sets down her mug , a look of concern on her face . 
 `` gramps made an odd pie last night . '' 
 i let out a sigh and push to standing . 
 thinking about gramps hurts too much . 
 i need food . 
 `` i wondered why no one had cut into it . '' 
 mom re-shuffles on the bench and takes another long drink . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i shrug because i 'm definitely not okay , and i pull out some bread . 
 gramps has yet to mess up a loaf of bread . 
 `` the cabin renters came in a couple days ago , '' she says . 
 `` i saw . '' 
 i slide my bread in the toaster . 
 `` how long are they here for ? '' 
 `` undetermined . '' 
 she holds my gaze for a while . 
 `` okay . '' 
 mom 's never wanted people living in the cabins , so whoever it is must be giving her some serious dough for her to even consider allowing someone there open-ended . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i warned them that we only do breakfasts in the summer and that they 'll be alone for all their meals . 
 so , just the regular stuff , you know . 
 bedding laundry , garbage , maps , answering stupid questions like why we call them snowmachines instead of snowmobiles ... '' she gives me a wink . 
 `` okay . '' 
 it means more work for me , but also a bit of cash . 
 mom and i split the profit from the cabins , so while it sucks , it 's doable . 
 i need parts for my old corvette anyway . 
 `` how was your night ? '' 
 i ask as i spread butter across my toast , licking the extra off my fingers . 
 `` oh , fine . '' 
 her eyes do n't meet mine as she stands and walks for her room . 
 `` i need a shower . '' 
 `` oh-kay . '' 
 i stand a bit stunned at the abrupt end of our conversation as mom 's door closes between us . 
 we do n't have a perfect relationship or anything , but this was our first talk in a while , and it was going fine until it was ... just over . 
 her shower turns on , and it 's stupid to just stand in the middle of the kitchen with my toast , so i sit and rest my feet on the low windowsill . 
 smoke billows from the chimneys of two cabins , and the snow reflects the sunlight in billions of tiny sparkles like it does when it 's this cold . 
 a guy steps out . 
 one who looks the same age as i am . 
 i was n't expecting that . 
 maybe i should 've been paying more attention the past couple of days . 
 when i 'm about to give up on staring and hit the hot tub , he lights up a cigarette . 
 i scan him again . 
 brown hair that 's too evenly colored to be natural and a coat that probably cost more than my whole bag of hockey gear . 
 i can see his frown from here , making me wonder why he 's spending so much money to stay here if he looks so pissed off . 
 i 'll definitely be doing some digging when mom leaves for her shift . 
 chapter three bishop i 've been here for three days and it feels more like three years . 
 gary 's in and out of my cabin a million times a day . 
 he checks the whole cabin and me each time like i 'm in prison or something . 
 once in awhile , he acts like he 's just coming to visit , but i know it 's an excuse to check up on me more often . 
 to make sure i have n't either died of boredom , or went outside and drowned in all the snow . 
 who the hell would want to live in a place where it gets this cold ? 
 i freeze my balls off every time we take one of our walks . 
 i 'm still trying to figure out the point of those . 
 we do n't even talk ... just walk . 
 i 'm pretty sure i could walk in l.a. if that 's all i 'm here for . 
 but no . 
 that would be too easy . 
 and i 'm sure he 's torturing me with snow-hikes because he thinks i 'm in here snorting coc ** ne or something . 
 which is ridiculous . 
 that 's not something i mess with . 
 so i drink a little . 
 take a few pills here and there to help me get by . 
 it 's not like i do n't have a prescription for some of them . 
 this is a hard life . 
 don , of all people , should get that . 
 he 's managed enough bands to know how it is . 
 to know how you start to feel like you 're losing your mind . 
 i do n't have a problem . 
 gary managed to miss the pills in my bag , and i 've only taken one in the three days i 've been here . 
 it 's not like i can tell him that , though . 
 he 'll blow it out of proportion and call his brother . 
 don 's pretty good at turning stuff around on me , and mom goes along with everything he says . 
 case in point : me sitting in this tiny cabin in the middle of nowhere . 
 she never would have made me do this on her own , and it 's definitely not what 's best . 
 i ca n't even relax inside if i want to smoke . 
 trying not to shiver , i take a drag of my cigarette . 
 sitting on the porch with the door open is n't giving me any heat . 
 and they said this was supposed to be a vacation . 
 after putting out my smoke , i go back inside , shrug off my coat , and start pacing the cabin . 
 i 'm starting to go stir-crazy . 
 i 'm not used to sitting around like this . 
 my hands are shaking , so i rub them on my jeans hoping it will help . 
 the longer i stay locked behind these log walls , i feel like they 're shrinking on me . 
 like they 're closing in ... in ... in , trying to crush me . 
 trying to squeeze the life out of me . 
 it feels like it does when i 'm in a crowd . 
 like i ca n't suck in enough air . 
 it 's ridiculous . 
 what kind of f ** king rock star ca n't deal with a crowd ? 
 my head is all hot and my feet are cold . 
 gary said it 's because of the oil stove and heat rising . 
 i do n't get why the people do n't just put in a regular heater . 
 this is alaska , not the stone ages . 
 i 'm pretty damn sure everyone in california has a regular heater , and we hardly even use the things . 
 i push the hoop in my bottom lip around in the hole while i pace . 
 this is so screwed up . 
 the longer i stalk around the room , the faster my heart starts beating . 
 the more i feel like i 'm going to explode if i do n't get out of here soon . 
 it 's just this place . 
 i miss my house , my drums . 
 that 's all it is . 
 i 've had drumsticks in my hands for as long as i can remember . 
 it 's crazy how i can love something and hate it at the same time . 
 playing is my life , the crowds suck it out of me . 
 again , i try to find something to do with my hands , but they have minds of their own and keep trembling . 
 i lean against the kitchen counter and do that deep breathing bullshit my doc told me to do when i feel on edge . 
 in . 
 out . 
 in . 
 out . 
 when it does n't work , i busy my hands by pushing them both through my hair and lean over . 
 in . 
 out . 
 in . 
 out . 
 still nothing . 
 the walls move in another foot , and that 's when i know i have to get out of here . 
 pushing off the counter , i go straight for the front door . 
 it 's open about two seconds before i remember i 'm in alaska and my junk is liable to freeze off if i do n't stay as warm as possible . 
 about ten steps later , i 'm in the tiny bedroom off the main room of the cabin . 
 there 's a beanie on the chair , which i slip on . 
 i turn for the door , but something stops me . 
 i do n't know what it is . 
 my anger , annoyance , whatever it is , i turn and head for my suitcase . 
 after looking around to make sure gary did n't sneak up on me , i push two fingers inside the hidden spot in my suitcase . 
 one of the small white pills i stashed comes out easily . 
 the ones for anxiety that i actually have a prescription for , gary 's in control of . 
 right now , i need more than i 'm prescribed . 
 it 's just because i 'm trapped in this snowbound hell , i tell myself as i swallow it dry , grab my jacket from the living room , and then head outside . 
 if i take these instead of going to gary , maybe he 'll report to my parole officer , aka , don that i 'm doing well and can go home . 
 there should not be this much snow anywhere . 
 it comes all the way up to my knees . 
 white and trees is all i see for ... well , for as far as i can see . 
 the drugs are starting to kick in . 
 i already feel the tightness in my muscles start to lessen . 
 i glance over at the cabin next door just as gary steps out . 
 his cell glued to his ear , probably whispering sweet nothings to troy or whatever it is they do . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he calls to me . 
 really ? 
 walking is supposed to be part of my `` therapy '' . 
 not that he 's let me do it alone yet . 
 does he think i 'm going to buy something from the moose on the corner ? 
 `` i 'm pretty sure it 's called walking . 
 maybe you remember it . 
 we spoke about doing it every day . 
 do n't worry . 
 i 'm not leaving , dad . '' 
 he gives me a huge smile and a wave , like he 's the happiest person in the world . 
 and now i suddenly want to puke . 
 nice . 
 as i trudge through the snow , the shaking eases up , and i actually feel like i can breathe . 
 still , it 's not as good as the smog-filled air in l.a. yeah , i said that . 
 it 's almost like things are too clear up here , if that makes any sense . 
 or maybe i 'm going crazy . 
 i heard people get depressed in alaska since it 's dark like ninety percent of the time . 
 i head for the far end of the property and toward the freaking wilderness , wishing someone had told me to buy some boots before i got here , but the last thing i want is to end up as breaking news . 
 i can see the headline now : teen drummer bishop riley of the band burn missing in the alaskan wilderness , while his `` babysitter '' was busy on the phone with his boyfriend and his mom and manager were partying it up in the land of freaking normalcy without him . 
 i make a quick u-turn to avoid finding one of those sleeping bears gary was talking about . 
 my feet are cold as hell as i pass my cabin again and start toward the main house-if you can call it a house . 
 i 've never seen anything like it with all the different floors and obvious additions . 
 i mean , it looks kind of cool , but also makes me wonder if we 're renting cabins from a bunch of nutcases . 
 i 'm walking around the other side of the house when i see the leggy blonde standing by a kickass corvette . 
 deprived as i am , i take a minute to admire them both . 
 i 've seen her come and go a few times . 
 not close enough to see her face , but the rest of her is gorgeous . 
 her hair is just past her shoulders , stick straight , and i swear it 's only a few shades darker than the snow . 
 she 's tall . 
 taller than i usually go for , but not too tall to appreciate . 
 she 's curvy in all the right places . 
 yeah , definitely something to appreciate . 
 and the car ? 
 the car is incredible , too . 
 for the first time in a while , i remember the 1970 ford ranchero sitting in my garage back home . 
 it 's one of the first things i bought when we got signed . 
 i 've always wanted one , a piece of shit i could fix up myself . 
 if i were n't a drummer , that 's what i 'd do : rebuild cars . 
 the plan is already set on what i want to do to mine . 
 she 'll be incredible once i ever get a chance to work on her . 
 she 's been sitting there for over a year . 
 why have n't i worked on my car ? 
 the snow queen pushes off the car , and i try to turn so she does n't realize i was staring at her , but she catches my eye before i get a chance . 
 two thoughts slam into me at once . 
 first , she 's unreal beautiful . 
 not plastic in the way the girls i know are . 
 big eyes , slim lips and a nice little smile . 
 and second , i totally do n't feel like talking to her . 
 i 'm out of my element here . 
 the last thing i 'm in the mood for right now is trying to befriend the locals . 
 plus , she might recognize me , and that 'll make things a whole lot worse . 
 i should have grabbed the hat gary bought me instead of the beanie . 
 obviously that would make a huge difference . 
 if i thought it would get me home , i 'd tell her who i am , but knowing don , he 'll find a way to blame me and i 'll get sent somewhere even worse . 
 though i 'm not sure where would be worse than being in the snowy wilderness with no real civilization . 
 shoving my hands in my pocket , i move to turn away when i hear , `` hey ! '' 
 `` damn , '' i mumble under my breath before i start to walk her way . 
 maybe she can let me know who delivers all the way out here . 
 chinese sounds bomb . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 i nod my head before looking toward the ground . 
 i 'm awesome at disguises . 
 i hear her chuckle and glance up at her to see her eyes are on my feet . 
 yeah , i know i 'm not wearing the right shoes . 
 she does n't have to be cocky about it . 
 `` something funny ? '' 
 `` no , no . '' 
 she tries to play it off , but i can still see the smirk lingering . 
 `` can you help me with something real quick ? '' 
 she asks , while i 'm busy watching her face . 
 trying to look for any signs that she recognizes who i am . 
 `` sure . '' 
 i shrug , finding the ground again with my eyes . 
 she leads me to a huge toolbox-one of those tall , heavy ones . 
 `` i 'm penny jones , by the way , '' she says over her shoulder . 
 the garage door is open and she 's only wearing a hoodie . 
 `` bishop ri - '' oh , shit . 
 i forgot i 'm not supposed to use my full name . 
 i look at her as she licks her bright red lips . 
 `` ripe . '' 
 her forehead wrinkles . 
 `` bishop ripe ? '' 
 yeah . 
 so i 'm an idiot . 
 who gives a shit ? 
 `` problem with that ? '' 
 penny shakes her head , but i can tell she 's fighting another laugh . 
 not that i would n't be laughing in her situation . 
 `` i need to roll this over to the car , but the wheels are messed up . 
 sometimes they fall off , so can you stay on the other side just in case ? '' 
 her voice is kind of a mix of snark and sweet-the sweet feels like a contrast to her strong , tall build . 
 and somehow , i have a feeling the quiet sweetness is her camouflage . 
 like she 's a black widow or something and could bite my head off at any second . 
 or maybe i 'm being paranoid because i 'm in the land of ice road truckers . 
 `` i 'll push it over for you . '' 
 the car 's at the end of the garage , but it 's a slight decline . 
 `` if only one person could do it , i would n't need your help . 
 if you wan na push , let me hold this end steady . '' 
 she does n't sound pissed , but maybe a little annoyed . 
 she stands in the front like i 'm actually going to need her help with this thing . 
 i can be a little annoyed , too . 
 `` it 'll be fine , '' i tell her before getting behind it and pushing . 
 seriously , how many people does it take to push a toolbox ? 
 `` whatever you say . '' 
 she stands back and smirks , like she knows a private joke i 'm not a part of . 
 holding my end i start to walk . 
 the thing slides as easily as it should and i start to wonder if she really just wanted an excuse to talk to me or something . 
 i keep pushing and walking , when suddenly the front wheels fall off and the thing to comes to a dead stop . 
 unfortunately for me , i do n't have super breaks and ca n't stop that quickly . 
 my head rams right into the stupid metal box in front of me . 
 `` shit ! '' 
 i grab my nose , which pulses with pain . 
 `` oh my god ! '' 
 the snow queen steps toward me , but i hold my other hand up to tell her to stay put . 
 i definitely do n't need the `` i told you so '' from some alaskan chick i just met . 
 especially someone as smug as she seems to be . 
 `` i told you to let me help . 
 are you okay ? '' 
 she 's cocking her head to each side like she 's trying to look around my hand . 
 there is n't nearly enough concern in her voice considering i probably just broke my nose . 
 our publicist is going to freak if don 's stunt ruins his promo photos for our next tour . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 then i feel something running down my wrist . 
 nice . 
 i 'm bleeding . 
 i ran into a toolbox , broke my nose , and now it 's not only bleeding but i look like i 'm crying in front of the snow queen . 
 i should have packed a few more pills . 
 i had no idea there would be so much stress up here . 
 `` tilt your head back and come inside . 
 i 'll get you cleaned up . '' 
 still no worry . 
 like this is no big deal and people break their noses in her garage all the time . 
 but then she glances back and i think there might be a little concern in her eyes . 
 part of me wants to tell her i 'm not going anywhere with her , but it 's cold and my nose hurts so i follow her out of the garage , around the front of the house and through an unpainted metal door . 
 when we walk inside , the only light comes from a small window lighting up racks of helmets and black duffel bags of who knows what . 
 snow gear hangs from a bar on the wall and almost every other surface . 
 the floors and wall are wooden , and there are about five refrigerators down here . 
 that 's strange as hell . 
 maybe it 's where they keep the bodies . 
 fucking don and his need to get me up here-he 'll be sorry when i end up in pieces in someone 's freezer in a crazy house in alaska . 
 i pause when my eye catches the back corner of this big open space . 
 it looks like there 's an old trailer stuck inside the house . 
 a trailer . 
 inside the house . 
 definitely crazy people . 
 she jogs up the open wooden stairs , and once again , i follow . 
 the stairs stop in the kitchen , which is really just half the upstairs with a huge-ass picnic table in the middle of it and windows all along the front . 
 i can see gary is still outside , that same grin on his face . 
 god , they talk more than teenage girls . 
 my eyes are still watering , but this is the craziest house i 've ever been in . 
 i blink a few times . 
 the other half of this floor is full of old couches , an ancient tv , and has a few dead animals on the wall . 
 it 's creepy . 
 i need to get my ass back to california . 
 `` sit , '' she tells me , and i find myself plopping onto the bench , resting my weight against the table . 
 i drop my head back and she gives me a towel . 
 `` pinch it . '' 
 `` i know what i 'm doing . '' 
 the last bloody nose i got was when i got in a fight my freshman year . 
 i pinch my nose like she says anyway , though , and look at the wood ceiling . 
 maybe i should tell these people it 's possible to make houses in something other than wood . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' she says . 
 i wish i had stayed in the cabin and let the walls close in on me . 
 she stops close when she comes back , and something like vanilla mixed with oil and gasoline drifts around me . 
 `` this might suck a bit at first . '' 
 she chuckles before cramming something up one of my nostrils . 
 `` what the fuck ? '' 
 i yell , pushing forward . 
 she does n't even flinch or apologize or anything . 
 `` i know it sounds crazy , but all the hockey players use tampons for bloody noses . 
 they 're the most in-demand item in the first aid kit . '' 
 `` so you help with the team or something ? '' 
 i 'm trying to be nice here , but it 's a struggle . 
 she frowns and shoves something up my other nostril , harder than the first . 
 wait . 
 `` tampons ? '' 
 `` feel better ? '' 
 she gives me a fake smile that tells me she knows damn well i do n't feel better and that i did something to piss her off . 
 `` yeah , incredible . 
 you 've got an awesome bedside manner . 
 thinking about being a doctor ? '' 
 she looks like she wants to punch me , which is kind of funny and strangely hot . 
 `` absolutely . 
 everyone likes doing stuff they 're good at , right ? '' 
 she gives me a small smile like she 's having fun with me , not mocking me . 
 yeah right . 
 i do n't know how to react to this and , honestly , i 'm done playing games with her . 
 my feet are soaking wet and cold , i 'm covered in blood , my nose aches . 
 oh , and i have feminine products shoved up my nostrils . 
 `` listen , thanks for ... '' breaking my nose ? 
 actually , i 'm not sure i have anything to thank her for . 
 i stand up . 
 it feels like the bleeding is completely stopped , i might admit it could be the tampons , which are coming out the second i leave this place . 
 now all i want is something good to eat and the lumpy cabin mattress . 
 not that i 've been sleeping or anything . 
 long days and longer nights when my eyes wo n't stay closed and my brain feels like it does on stage . 
 `` i 'm going to head back . 
 do you have the number for any delivery places ? '' 
 the smirk is back . 
 `` delivery ? 
 did n't anyone tell you , you 're not in kansas anymore , toto ? '' 
 then she does it . 
 she laughs and even though it might be kind of funny , it pisses me off . 
 she must be able to tell because she says , `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm not laughing at you . 
 i swear . '' 
 `` nice . 
 thanks for the hospitality , snow queen . '' 
 i still hear her giggling as i walk away and head down the stairs . 
 i 'm going back to my stupid cabin , and taking some ibuprofen because of my broken nose . 
 hopefully along the way , i 'll forget i ever saw this chick . 
 i 'm just about to close the door when i hear . 
 `` catch ya later , bishop ripe . '' 
 did i mention i f ** king hate alaska ? 
 ... `` the fresh air is nice , is n't it ? '' 
 gary nudges me with his arm . 
 `` no . 
 not really . 
 it 's cold . 
 why are we walking again ? '' 
 from the corner of my eye , i see him shake his head . 
 `` do me a favor and take a deep breath . '' 
 i huff . 
 `` humor me , bishop . '' 
 since there 's no point in pissing him off , i do as he asks . 
 `` what do you smell ? '' 
 we 're walking down a deserted alaskan road in the winter . 
 i 'm not sure what i 'm supposed to smell . 
 `` nothing . 
 cold , i guess . '' 
 `` there you go ! 
 that 's good . '' 
 he nudges me again . 
 `` did you know you could smell cold ? '' 
 looking at him , i roll my eyes . 
 `` honestly , it 's not something i 've put a lot of thought into . '' 
 but you can smell the snow and frost in the air . 
 it freezes the inside of my nose . 
 `` why does this matter again ? '' 
 gary does n't answer that . 
 `` look around and tell me what you see . '' 
 it 's on the tip of my tongue to tell him i see this being a stupid f ** king thing to do . 
 `` trees , a road , more trees , painted lines on said road , more trees . '' 
 `` troy used to climb these trees all summer when he was a kid . 
 not these in specific , but you know what i mean . 
 his parents told me they could always find him climbing . 
 he built his own tree house , too . 
 i 've seen it . 
 of course when he got older , he stopped . 
 how many adults go around climbing trees for fun , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 shrugging , i hope that 's the right answer . 
 `` when we came up here after rehab , you know what we did ? '' 
 there 's a sentimental tone to gary 's voice that i do n't understand . 
 `` i give up . 
 what did you do ? '' 
 `` we climbed trees . 
 we built another tree house . 
 sounds crazy , i know . 
 but he enjoyed it . 
 it took him back to a time when things were easier . 
 when were things simple for you , bishop riley ? '' 
 instead of replying , i cross my arms . 
 this is f ** king stupid . 
 it 's not like i do n't get what he 's trying to do . 
 suddenly , gary 's foot shoots out , playfully . 
 i do n't realize it in time , though , and i stumble with his mock attempt to trip me . 
 `` come on . 
 you 've had enough for today . 
 let 's go get the car , drive to town , and buy you some boots . '' 
 `` finally ! '' 
 without another prompt , i turn and we head back toward the cabins . 
 the chanting in my head has been replaced by gary 's voice . 
 when were things simple for you , bishop riley ? 
 chapter four penny i sit in the kitchen with my coffee , staring out the window at the cabins . 
 it 's probably rude to always be watching , but i ca n't help it . 
 these guys do n't ski . 
 they do n't have snowmachines . 
 they do n't seem to know anyone up here . 
 they walk . 
 like every day . 
 normal people do n't go on walks in the winter when there are a million better things to do outside , all of which are faster . 
 if i had to guess , i 'd say bishop is pretty pissed about the whole situation because i have yet to see him without a scowl . 
 that gary guy 's always going to his door to stand and chat for a minute , and then leaving . 
 there 's something about the situation that feels off , and i want to know what it is . 
 i dug through all mom 's paperwork for the cabin business , but all i came up with was gary 's name on the cabin rental , his name on the visa , and nothing else . 
 bishop steps outside and lights up another cigarette , reminding me how seriously hot he is . 
 he really has the whole dark , brooding thing going on . 
 i 'm sure part of it is because most of the guys i know my age , i 've known for a while , or i know their family , or am friends with their cousin , or something . 
 this guy is all new , felt all new when i patched up his nose , and he looks ... misplaced up here . 
 but more than that . 
 he looks misplaced inside . 
 that 's not something easily fixed . 
 and maybe that 's where the whole brooding thing comes from . 
 `` how 's my button nose this morning ? '' 
 gramps grins at me from across the table . 
 his blue eyes are so bright , and his face so filled with his kid-grin , that he looks like an expectant three-year-old . 
 there 's no way to hold in my smile at something he 's said to me since i can remember . 
 `` my nose is not a button , gramps . '' 
 he reaches across the table and lets out a loud beep as his finger makes contact . 
 `` i beg to differ . '' 
 i wrinkle my nose , but i 'm glad he 's having a good day today . 
 `` why are we looking so introspective this morning ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` the guys . 
 in the cabins . '' 
 i jerk my chin . 
 `` just trying to figure out their story . '' 
 gramps gives me his pro eye of suspicion . 
 `` trying to learn , or harassing that boy ? '' 
 i freeze for a moment and scramble for something to say that wo n't give up the fact that i 've maybe been watching bishop more closely than i should , and maybe enjoyed fixing his nose more than i should . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i wonder how well i pulled off innocence . 
 `` he left here bloody with a tampon in his nose . 
 you need to stop doing that . '' 
 he chuckles and stands , heading for the fridge . 
 `` what ? 
 they work great ! 
 it 's not like i gave him the bloody nose or anything . '' 
 like i 've been known to do . 
 he shakes his head . 
 and yes . 
 okay . 
 the tampon might not have been totally necessary , but i was n't lying when i said it 's one of the most used things in our first aid kit . 
 `` you got an offer from boston university to check out their rink . '' 
 he reaches into the fridge . 
 `` possible scholarship . '' 
 another college . 
 i 'm good , but i did n't think i was good enough to get so much attention for it . 
 they 're the fourth team this month , and if i wanted to leave state , and if i wanted to play on a women 's team , they 'd be worth listening to . 
 time to change the subject . 
 `` gramps ! 
 you 're not supposed to open other people 's mail ! 
 it 's a federal offense , '' i tack on for added seriousness . 
 he snorts . 
 `` distraction may work with your mother , lucky , but it wo n't work with me . '' 
 `` i 'm sticking around . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` no point in running all over the country when i know where i want to be . '' 
 `` penny . '' 
 he turns and leans against the counter . 
 gramps is all here and all serious . 
 `` i 'm going to live or die whether you 're here or not , and so 's your mom . '' 
 `` that 's not the point , gramps . '' 
 i stick my chin out . 
 i ca n't miss it . 
 him . 
 gramps ca n't always take care of himself , and with dad gone , mom ca n't take care of him , either . 
 she barely sleeps . 
 just works , eats , and lately , is only doing the occasional stop by home . 
 `` the point is that you have some serious talent , and it should n't go to waste . '' 
 gramps mimics my set jaw , which makes me immediately pull mine back in . 
 `` i 've got a good thing going here , gramps . 
 both uaf and uaa have seen me play enough to take me on the men 's teams , and i could probably be an assistant coach at my high school . '' 
 every one of those things is something i want to do . 
 why would i leave ? 
 i hate that they try to push their choices on me . 
 his brow wrinkles in worry . 
 `` college players are a lot bigger than the high school boys , penny . 
 even chomps . 
 maybe playing on a men 's team is n't a good idea . '' 
 `` is that what your son would say ? 
 dad 's the one who got me playing with the guys in the first place . '' 
 i shove back my hair and push out a breath . 
 gramps blinks a few times , hopefully reading me well enough to change the subject . 
 he rubs his thumb across my chin , tilting his head to the side one way and then the other way until i ca n't hold in my smile . 
 `` why do n't you work on your car today ? '' 
 i 'm surprised he did n't ask if we were both working on my car . 
 for gramps , it 's like therapy . 
 it 's something he has yet to have a hard time remembering how to do . 
 `` for a while . 
 i 've got practice today . '' 
 `` sunday ? '' 
 his brows go up . 
 `` semifinals are coming up . '' 
 we barely lost state last year . 
 i 'm determined to make it all the way this year . 
 semifinals , and then finals , and we have to go all the way . 
 ... my corvette sits here . 
 just like it has for years . 
 i got it running last summer , but it never worked right . 
 the car was my dad 's project until someone left a party after washing a handful of pills down with too many drinks and hit him while he was out riding his motorcycle . 
 i was ten . 
 i suck in a breath and shove the thought away . 
 normally , it 's a good thing to be in the room with this car , but sometimes it just makes me miss dad more . 
 puts an ache in my chest that i do n't think will ever totally go away . 
 i run my hand up the side of the body toward the hood . 
 the car is ugly now , but it 'll be perfect when i finish . 
 1975 , buffed out and ready to paint-once i get some more money and decide on a color . 
 it 's the engine that 's still giving me fits . 
 i lean under the hood and stare at the same problems . 
 we 're basically rebuilding a rebuilt engine . 
 not easy . 
 and as i stand here , the puzzle that i usually ca n't wait to get my hands on does n't feel like it wants to be touched . 
 so much for this distraction before practice . 
 gramps is napping anyway , and it 's not the same working without him here . 
 instead of cleaning , or trying to get the wheels back under my toolbox , i sit in the driver 's seat , which reminds me that i have to find a steering wheel that 's in better shape . 
 the top is off the t-top . 
 no one appreciates t-tops anymore , but i think it 's perfect . 
 especially for up here . 
 it 's not like there 's months and months of time when i could have a convertible top down . 
 sliding my hands across the wheel turns the ache in my chest to hurt over missing dad . 
 there 's too much stuff in my head today . 
 gramps telling me i need to get out of town . 
 some guy who looks like a rock star with a tampon up his nose . 
 mitch with a girlfriend he actually seems to like , and who does n't seem to mind putting up with him . 
 i slump lower in my seat , feeling like with the end of hockey season , and the end of my senior year , things are going to change a lot more than i want them to . 
 ... `` where 's your ball and chain ? '' 
 i shove mitch from behind as we warm up on the ice . 
 he frowns . 
 `` she 'll be here later . '' 
 mitch hates me harassing him about her . 
 she 's just ... such a girlie girl-preened and high-maintenance , with her dark hair always shiny and smooth or done up in tiny curls . 
 my stomach flips . 
 i have no idea how to make myself that way , or even if i 'd want to . 
 mostly , i hate that he hates me teasing him about this . 
 it means , again , that whatever i feel for him is not something he feels , and that he either does n't care that rebecca 's starting to come between us or has n't noticed . 
 i 'm not sure which is worse . 
 i push around him and start doing laps while i wait for the rest of the guys to get on the ice . 
 it 's like silk today . 
 smooth and fast . 
 almost fast enough to make me forget the one thing i should n't be thinking about today with the mess my head is in . 
 mitch got wasted after we lost in the finals last year , and it was my first time drinking more than one beer . 
 our kiss had n't been perfect . 
 it was sloppy and forced because we 'd been drinking , but the point is that we both wanted it . 
 he kissed me . 
 i kissed him . 
 mutual . 
 mitch and penny , just like it was supposed to be . 
 i woke up practically in a minefield of bodies in chomps 's basement because no one was in a position to get their keys back the night before . 
 `` i 'm sorry penny . 
 that was out of control last night . 
 we should n't have ... you know . '' 
 mitch looked down with this weird grimace like he 'd been waiting for me to wake up and was bracing himself to tell me . 
 and if i 'd just kept quiet , i would n't have been able to be rejected another time . 
 `` i 'm okay with it . 
 i mean . 
 i think it can work . '' 
 and i even leaned forward . 
 toward him , but not nearly as far as he leaned away . 
 it 's like he did n't know where to look . 
 where to put his hands . 
 where to put his body . 
 he wanted out , and i did n't know how to make him want me as someone more than his friend . 
 `` sorry , '' he said with a low voice full of pity . 
 i rubbed my face to hide my tears , which were an awful mix of sadness and humiliation . 
 `` we 're cool , mitch . '' 
 and my voice sounded okay , even though i was breaking . 
 `` you here , jones ? '' 
 matt slaps my helmet as he races past snapping me back to the present . 
 i have to get my head in the game or i 'm going to get hurt . 
 rebecca puts her lips on the glass , and then her chest . 
 mitch races to the edge , and i swear part of her does n't think we all see her doing this . 
 practice is no place for this kind of ridiculous flirting . 
 mitch rests his helmet against the glass so they can do some sort of stupid kissy face thing that 's completely beneath him . 
 `` totally whipped , hey ? '' 
 i elbow chomps and tilt my chin toward mitch , hoping he 'll break up their ridiculous show . 
 chomps cackles before speeding across the rink and doing a half-bump , half-slam into mitch 's backside . 
 `` sorry , man ! '' 
 chomps yells as he speeds away , mitch right on his tail . 
 `` chomps ! '' 
 coach shouts . 
 `` s'up coach ? '' 
 he slides to a stop next to him in the center . 
 `` do n't 's ` up ' me . 
 we 're five days away from semis and you just slammed one of your own . 
 not okay . '' 
 every word has that hard edge of anger he gets when he 's seriously pissed . 
 not good . 
 his dark hair is closer than military cut , and his jaw is clenched and brow 's pulled together . 
 now i feel bad i started this , but there 's not much i can do about it now . 
 `` okay ! '' 
 he blows his whistle for us to gather and starts shouting orders . 
 mitch bumps my arm . 
 `` what 's with the sour face , pen ? '' 
 `` does she need to watch over you wherever you go ? '' 
 i whisper back . 
 but i 'm standing too close and looking at him in a way i should n't . 
 mitch and i are close , though , so it 's always muddying the lines for me . 
 he meant it the other night when he said he 'd have come to my house . 
 and he 'd have left rebecca behind to help . 
 or at least there used to be a point where he 'd have left her behind . 
 i 'm not sure anymore , and i hate how that weighs me down . 
 `` i like her here , and she does n't mind sitting in a rink for hours to be with me . 
 so yeah , it 's cool . 
 becca 's cool . '' 
 his eyes are on me , but i look away . 
 talking about deep stuff before practice wo n't help my concentration any . 
 i keep my eyes on coach . 
 i know the question will be all over mitch 's face-are you sure we 're okay ? 
 that kiss was a year ago . 
 or even worse , he 'll look sympathetic . 
 the problem is mitch knows me well enough that i 'm easy for him to read . 
 at least the rest of the team has n't caught on ... or i do n't think they have . 
 it sucks when he says he likes her . 
 part of me wants him to be using her . 
 okay . 
 all of me wants him to be using her . 
 maybe it 'll be better when he goes to college next year . 
 i stick the guard in my mouth and try to focus on coach . 
 after sitting in dad 's car , still barely seeing mom , and watching rebecca 's boobs smashed against the glass , i need to skate . 
 ... it 's lightly snowing , which is my favorite time to sit in the hot tub . 
 the flakes melt before touching my skin , but the cool drops of water still feel good . 
 the ten-person hot tub was a present from gramps when i hurt my back a few years ago , and we can fit a mess of people in it . 
 too bad rebecca does n't see that there are like six other places not on mitch 's lap that she could be . 
 chomps 's girlfriend , trinna , has no problem sitting next to him and not being so ... overt . 
 also , i 'm fine in a sports bra and black boy shorts from my bikini . 
 rebecca 's suit would fall off with a tug of one tiny little string . 
 mitch 's hand traces her collarbone as their faces rest together , and they kiss again-the kind that spreads black heaviness in the pit of my stomach because he 's never looked at one of his girlfriends the way he looks at her . 
 the hot tub was not a good idea . 
 `` pizza 's here ! '' 
 matt yells . 
 `` damn am i glad ditch thinks you 're hot . '' 
 he kicks me under the water . 
 i shrug . 
 i know i 'm the only one out this far that he 'll deliver to , but i 've never given much thought as to why . 
 he just always has . 
 a sliver of light from the closest cabin catches my eye , and gary walks toward bishop 's door . 
 when bishop appears in the doorway , his eyes narrow as he sees ditch climb out with three large pizzas . 
 right . 
 he would be pissed since i told him no one delivered out here . 
 i do n't feel bad , more like itchy , uncomfortable . 
 just as ditch gets out of the delivery-mobile , matt leans over . 
 `` who 's the pretty boy ? '' 
 i follow his gaze to bishop 's scowl and the back of gary 's head as they talk . 
 `` why ? 
 you want me to get his number for you ? '' 
 he grabs my head before i can get away and dunks me . 
 the chlorine water burns my eyes . 
 `` watch it a ** hole ! '' 
 i sputter as i break the surface . 
 `` payback 's a bitch ! '' 
 i try to shove him under , but i should know better . 
 he laughs as i try to knock him down . 
 matt is quick and strong . 
 it 's why he 's such a good goalie . 
 i lean all of my weight against the side of his head , but still ca n't get him to budge . 
 `` he 's enjoying that way too much . '' 
 mitch shakes his head and sends a splash of hot water flying toward me . 
 and this is the jealousy from him that lets me know he still watches . 
 that rebecca has n't taken him from me yet . 
 at least not completely . 
 i glance down at my bare stomach that was just pressed into matt 's head as i slide back into the water . 
 both matt and chomps shrug like of course it was enjoyed . 
 boys . 
 there 's a flicker of light from bishop 's porch , a lighter i guess , and my eyes rest there a little too long . 
 `` be nice , pen . 
 invite the guy over , '' chomps says . 
 trinna glances over her shoulder but keeps silent , like she usually does . 
 inviting bishop over is really the least i can do . 
 i 'm supposed to be helping them like a hostess as mom would say . 
 i stand in the tub and wave . 
 `` bishop ! 
 we got pizza ! 
 come over ! '' 
 when i stop waving , ditch is staring at me , jaw slack with our three pizzas . 
 he was kind of a geek when he graduated , and not much has changed in the three years since . 
 maybe matt 's right and he has a crush on me or something . 
 `` you joining us ? '' 
 i ask , trying to play nice . 
 he did drive , like , an extra five miles for me . 
 `` uh ... '' his eyes hit my stomach , then my face , then my stomach , then my chest as steam from my body fills the air . 
 `` i 'm on shift . 
 just wanted to drop your food off . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i grin . 
 and then notice bishop walking over , pulling a hat on . 
 he looks pissed , which kind of makes him look hotter and me lose every coherent thought in my brain . 
 it 's one thing to wrestle with matt , but it 's completely another to try and be cool around a guy who sets my nerve endings on edge in a way i 'm not at all used to . 
 as bishop gets closer , my mouth starts to dry out . 
 this does n't happen to me . 
 ever . 
 i have to try to come up with the same courage i have on the ice . 
 in about two seconds . 
 chapter five bishop as i trudge through the snow with the stupid boots gary bought me , and my stupid incognito hat , i still ca n't believe i 'm going over there . 
 first , this chick is crazy . 
 i shudder when i think about how she violated my nose . 
 and she lied to me about the delivery . 
 peanut butter and grilled cheese is getting old . 
 i definitely would have liked some pizza the past few days , and here she is enjoying the takeout she told me does n't exist . 
 no takeout . 
 no laptop . 
 no tablet . 
 all i have is my cell phone , and since i 'm ignoring blake 's calls , that does n't count for much . 
 he ca n't even get pissed at me about it , either . 
 the guys in the band should n't be calling-don 's orders . 
 all this seclusion is killing me , though . 
 i miss the buzz of the city . 
 miss never knowing who would stop by . 
 most of the people who know where i live are all cool and down for a good time . 
 it was fun getting surprised by who or i saw or what i 'd be doing each day . 
 i miss practicing with the band , and that pisses me off because they sold me out . 
 i stop long enough to put my cigarette out in the snow . 
 i hate these things . 
 i do n't even know why i smoke them , but when you 're with people who smoke 24/7 it 's easy to pick up the habit . 
 i 've sorted out the pills i brought so i can have one or two every couple days . 
 see , an addict could n't do that . 
 plus , just because i have them , does n't mean i 'll take them . 
 gary 's like a bulldog with my anxiety meds , so the smokes help take the edge off . 
 `` thought no one delivered ? '' 
 the words rush out of my mouth as i walk up the stairs . 
 there 's the snow queen , two other girls , and a whole bunch of guys in the hot tub . 
 i do n't like the ratio . 
 not that i 'm interested in anyone here , but still . 
 `` ditch only delivers for her , '' some dark-haired guy with a girl on his lap says . 
 `` ditch ? '' 
 that 's a f ** ked up name . 
 not that bishop ripe is much better . 
 what i would n't give to go back in time and change that one , but now i 'm stuck with it as my code name , as gary has started calling it . 
 a guy raises his hand all eager-like . 
 `` i 'm ditch . '' 
 the dark-haired guy speaks again . 
 `` if you see him when we motocross , you 'll know where the name comes from . '' 
 they all laugh together . 
 it 's kind of freaky . 
 i 'm sure they 're those kids who have grown up together , met when they played in the sandbox and have n't left each other 's sides since . 
 we moved around too much for that , not that mom wanted to , but want and need are n't always the same thing . 
 the only people i know even half that well are the guys in my band . 
 and look what they did to me . 
 blake tries to call every day ... i tell the voice in the back of my head to shut up . 
 since i 'm the youngest in the band , blake tried to take me under his wing in the beginning . 
 soon , he realized i did n't need it . 
 i cross my arms . 
 uncross them , trying to get comfortable . 
 i have n't felt comfortable since i got here . 
 even since before that . 
 `` so , i guess i owe you a slice . 
 go for it , if you want one . '' 
 penny nods her head toward the boxes . 
 damn , i want one , but do n't let myself move . 
 `` or beer . '' 
 my senses perk up . 
 i 'd love a beer . 
 would be a nice way to relax after all i 've been through . 
 `` she has a one-beer rule , and do n't even think about trying anything else , '' her friend says . 
 he looks a little shorter than i am . 
 his shoulders are wide , and he seems like the kind of guy who has his hockey number tatted on him . 
 he does n't take his hands off his girl the whole time . 
 damn , i miss girls . 
 the snow queen stiffens a little , the smirk i 'm used to seeing on her face wiped away . 
 `` well ... the rule is for good reason . '' 
 the guy back-pedals and i ca n't help but wonder what that 's all about . 
 `` so , beer ? '' 
 penny stands up , steam rolling off her skin in waves , and water dripping down her body . 
 her very nice body . 
 she looks soft like a girl should look , but toned , too . 
 i have no idea how she can wear a two-piece in this weather , but i 'm grateful for it . 
 did i mention i miss girls ? 
 `` hello ? 
 you in there , ripe ? '' 
 ripe ? 
 oh yeah . 
 my stupid code name . 
 gary 's so proud . 
 she grabs a towel and wraps it around herself . 
 `` it 's cold . 
 you 've got about five seconds to decide before i get back in the hot tub . '' 
 my heart rate kicks up . 
 i 'm not sure if it 's because of the bikini , the way the water makes her hair look even whiter , the cold , or the mention of alcohol . 
 i have n't had a drop since `` the incident '' . 
 besides the few pills , i 've been a good little boy like they want . 
 it 's not like i 'm going to get smashed or anything . 
 she has a one-beer rule . 
 i try to see around her to catch a glimpse of my parole officer , also known as gary . 
 `` five , four , three , '' penny starts a countdown . 
 the urge to snap at her hits me , but instead , i shove my hands deep in my pockets . 
 `` yeah ... yeah , i 'll have a beer . '' 
 then i 'm kind of pissed because i 'm sitting here feeling guilty over having a beer . 
 it 's one beer . 
 if it 's okay for these golden kids to have one , i can , too . 
 while she 's gone , i find out the guy who ca n't keep his hands or mouth off his girl is really mitch , and his attachment is becca . 
 the other guy , some huge blond who looks like the human version of a mack truck with them is chomps . 
 alaskans seriously have weird names . 
 chomps 's girl is trinna , and i ca n't remember the other guys ' names . 
 the pizza guy leaves , and penny hands me a cold beer without a word , then drops her towel , standing there just long enough that i know she wants to be watched , before sliding back into the hot tub with her friends . 
 i open the top and down the whole thing , savoring the bitterness . 
 i 've missed this . 
 the little twangy taste . 
 why does she have the one-beer rule again ? 
 i eye the door , wishing i could go inside and grab another one . 
 `` wow , holy beer-drinker . '' 
 her surprise makes me feel a little strange . 
 like i have to defend myself . 
 `` i was thirsty . '' 
 i plop down in a chair . 
 they have a firepit piled high with logs , burning in the middle of the deck , which helps to keep me semi-warm . 
 when i pull , the tab comes off the can easily and roll it around between my fingers , knowing i should get up and go back to my cabin . 
 i 'm not sure why i do n't . 
 the one guy , chomps , asks me if i want in , which i refuse . 
 `` you still hurting from the game ? '' 
 chomps asks penny . 
 game ? 
 `` yeah , a little . 
 no biggie though . '' 
 `` what game ? '' 
 i find myself asking . 
 `` hockey . 
 she 's our lucky penny ! '' 
 mitch grins . 
 wait . 
 `` you play hockey ? 
 with guys ? '' 
 everyone laughs , and i feel left out on some joke . 
 damn alaskan sandbox kids . 
 `` he thinks i ` help with the team . ' '' 
 she does the air quote thing . 
 `` and you let him live ? '' 
 chomps shoves her . 
 these people are so screwed up . 
 `` i shoved a tampon up his nose . '' 
 they all start laughing again , and i 'm starting to get pissed . 
 `` you done showing off , snow queen ? '' 
 all eyes are on me like i screwed up big-like they ca n't believe i talked to her that way . 
 news flash , i 'm not going to fall at her feet like everyone else does . 
 i 'm bishop riley . 
 i play the drums for a grammy-winning band . 
 i 'm not kissing her ass . 
 penny 's jaw clenches and she shakes her head . 
 she opens her mouth , probably to bitch me out , but gets cut off . 
 `` so , umm ... what brought you here ? '' 
 mitch asks . 
 i can tell he 's trying to defuse the situation and i let him , only it 's the first time someone has asked me and i 'm not sure what to say . 
 actually , i 'm pretty sure gary told me the story , but i did n't pay attention . 
 i know i almost od 'd and my mom and manager shipped me here is n't the right answer . 
 `` gary ... my uncle ? 
 he has some work to do , and i came with him to get away for a while . '' 
 `` what 's he do ? '' 
 chomps asks . 
 shit . 
 what does he do ? 
 i shrug . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he works from home , but he wanted peace and quiet . 
 to get away or whatever . '' 
 which is true . 
 i know the stuff he writes for his magazine is done over the internet . 
 `` hmm , '' penny says . 
 `` and you wanted to come with him ? 
 that surprises me . '' 
 `` what is this ? 
 twenty questions ? '' 
 i try to push a hand through my hair , but then i remember i 'm wearing a stupid hat . 
 are all alaskans this nosey ? 
 the only thing i know about the state is it 's cold , full of trees , and sarah palin can see russia from here . 
 `` so-rry . '' 
 penny says , her cheeks a little pink , making me feel like a jerk . 
 there 's no doubt in my mind it takes a lot to embarrass this girl . 
 chomps breaks the tension when he starts to tickle her . 
 penny lasts about two seconds before she gets the best of him and they 're all laughing . 
 i sit back and watch them . 
 from there , they launch into talk about hockey and school . 
 i lose track after a while , and they do n't try to include me anymore . 
 crazily , not answering questions becomes more annoying than answering them . 
 about thirty minutes later , i get up and walk away . 
 i 'm not even sure they notice i 'm gone . 
 my door is closed long enough for me to walk to the bathroom before someone knocks . 
 i put some toothpaste in my mouth real quick before pulling it open . 
 `` are n't we the little joiner ? '' 
 gary teases . 
 `` i 'm glad to see you 're making friends . '' 
 `` i 'm not making friends . 
 can i help you with something ? '' 
 gary actually says , `` tsk , tsk , '' at me . 
 `` so grumpy . 
 this alaskan air is n't helping your mood at all . '' 
 when i groan , he gets serious . 
 `` you feeling okay ? 
 you still have n't gotten sick or anything , have you ? 
 how are you sleeping ? '' 
 did n't we already go over this ? 
 `` shit , '' i turn , stalk over to the couch , and fall down on it . 
 `` no , i 'm not going through withdrawals or anything . 
 i 'm not a drug addict , gary . '' 
 part of me wonders if i should tell him i ca n't sleep , but it 'll probably make him think it 's because i do n't have pills . 
 that 's not it . 
 i 'm sure of it . 
 he walks over and sits down across from me . 
 `` i know this is n't easy , and i know you 're pissed , but you can talk to me , okay ? '' 
 i groan again , and he holds up his hands before continuing . 
 `` i 'm not saying you have to . 
 i 'm telling you the option is always here , okay ? 
 you know i 've been through this years ago with troy , but i 'm not sure if you realize this is what i used to do . 
 i can help . 
 i want to help . 
 now , i 'll ask you again . 
 you okay ? 
 do you need one of your anxiety meds ? '' 
 he used to do this ? 
 no , i did n't know that , but it explains why they sent him here with me . 
 makes me wonder how he went from therapist to writing for a magazine , though i do n't know what kind of magazine he writes for . 
 maybe it does go together . 
 the shakes try setting in , but i do n't tell him that . 
 the more they think i 'm okay , the faster i should be able to get out of this place . 
 that beer should have helped me relax . 
 `` no , i 'm cool . 
 i do n't need anything . '' 
 `` tomorrow 's our chat day , okay ? 
 we can talk about anything you want . 
 maybe you 'll have thought of something for you that 's like troy 's trees were for him . '' 
 yeah f ** king right . 
 instead of letting those words out , i nod . 
 gary stays for a few more minutes before he tells me goodnight and leaves . 
 once he 's gone , i pick up my cell phone and make a quick call to maryanne . 
 maybe if i have her get me some stuff , i wo n't have to take my anxiety meds at all . 
 the rest of the night is spent trying to sleep , going outside and chain-smoking the cigarettes i hate , and wondering if penny has drowned any of her friends yet . 
 when i finally do fall asleep , i dream about climbing trees . 
 ... i 'm standing on the porch the next morning , dreading my talk with gary later , when i see lights going on and off in the big house . 
 i figure it must be penny getting ready for school . 
 i probably slept a total of three hours last night . 
 every time i fell into a deep sleep , something forced my dry eyes open . 
 they 're burning today . 
 each time i blink , it 's like someone rubbing sandpaper over them . 
 soon , penny runs outside and starts up her monster truck before heading back in the house . 
 it 's bizarre . 
 i could never leave my car running in l.a. like that , or it would be gone . 
 or my motorcycle . 
 damn , i miss that , too . 
 i have this friend ryan i used to go riding with before things got crazy busy . 
 those were good times . 
 is that when things were easier ? 
 the question popping into my head pisses me off . 
 the truck . 
 it 's something i do n't mind thinking about . 
 just like with her friends last night , the lack of security is new to me . 
 this town is almost like one of those shows you see on tv that do n't seem real . 
 where nothing bad happens , everyone is finish-each-other 's - sentences kind of friends . 
 i almost expect everything to be black and white . 
 like it takes place in the fifties or something . 
 her truck continues to warm up , and i have the biggest urge to drive off in it . 
 i do n't know if it 's just to teach her a lesson or if i hope i can run away and not come back . 
 when she comes out again , she 's all bundled up and scraping the windows . 
 her hair is hidden under a hat and another screwed up urge hits me . 
 this time i want to take the hat off so i can see her hair . 
 it 's such a killer color . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 she yells to me and waves . 
 i 'm still kind of pissed off about last night so i do n't do anything back . 
 penny shakes her head at me before climbing in the truck and pulling away . 
 her hand shoots out the window and she flips me off before she 's gone . 
 i ca n't help but chuckle . 
 that girl is no joke . 
 ... `` you have something hanging out of your lip . '' 
 the old man smirks at me . 
 he 's got long gray hair and a long gray beard , and i am pretty sure if there are bodies in the freezers , he 's the one who put them there . 
 `` thanks for letting me know . '' 
 penny left about twenty minutes ago , and i still have n't managed to leave the porch . 
 i really do n't want to be a jerk to some old man , but i 'm not in the best mood , either . 
 i look away from him . 
 the old guy laughs . 
 `` i 'm giving you a hard time , rookie . 
 it 's nice . 
 think i could get one ? '' 
 my head snaps his way , and he winks at me . 
 it 's crazy , but i do n't doubt this guy for a second . 
 he would totally get his lip pierced . 
 `` got any plans today ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 `` nope . '' 
 i pull out another cigarette and light it . 
 `` you afraid to get your hands dirty ? '' 
 `` huh ? '' 
 `` nah , i do n't think you are . '' 
 he laughs again . 
 `` know anything about cars ? '' 
 he 's practically bouncing on the balls of his feet . 
 `` yeah . 
 a little . '' 
 a lot , actually . 
 `` wan na work on one with me ? '' 
 this guy is all huge eyes , crazy beard , and twitchy movements . 
 it 's like he 's high on something , though i highly doubt he is . 
 my body perks up a little , suddenly not tired anymore . 
 if he wants me to work on the corvette i saw the other day , the answer is hell yes . 
 actually , i 'd pretty much jump at the chance to work on any car . 
 my hands itch to keep busy . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 he holds his hand out to me . 
 `` i 'm gramps . '' 
 `` bishop . '' 
 i shake his hand and then follow him . 
 he leads me to the corvette . 
 without penny here , i get the chance to admire it even more . 
 it 's buffed smooth but mottled gray , primed and ready for paint . 
 i 'm almost positive it 's a 1975 . 
 it 's - `` a beauty , is n't she ? '' 
 gramps says . 
 he sounds like a kid he 's so excited . 
 `` she 's awesome . 
 i love cars like this . '' 
 and i ca n't believe i actually get to work on her . 
 not just because she 's incredible , but because i have the time to . 
 gramps and i dig in , leaning over the engine . 
 he tells me about some trouble they 've been having with the engine and getting the wrong carburetor , so they 're almost at a standstill aside from some minor gaskets . 
 i guess penny has some huge plans for fixing her up . 
 `` this is penny 's ride ? '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` and she works on it ? '' 
 `` yep , but do n't let her hear you sound so surprised . 
 she has a bit of a temper . '' 
 yeah , i already made that mistake with hockey . 
 `` no shit , '' accidentally slips out of my mouth . 
 i brace myself because most old guys i know get all pissy when i curse , but gramps just laughs . 
 `` she 's a tough one , my lucky penny . '' 
 she is . 
 i kind of want to tell him , but realize it 's ridiculous . 
 i do n't know her . 
 we 're quiet for a few minutes . 
 gramps hands me a wrench . 
 the first gasket is an obvious one , and the new package is resting on the edge of the engine . 
 `` what about you ? 
 what 're you into ? '' 
 surprisingly , it only takes me a few seconds to answer . 
 gary and troy 's stupid f ** king trees pop into my head . 
 `` drums , but cars are cool . 
 working on them gives me something to do with my hands . 
 i like that ... keeping busy . '' 
 i 'm not sure why i said that , but he seems to get it . 
 i think he 'd probably get a lot . 
 he does n't reply , and we get to work . 
 when he asks me questions about cars , i know all the answers . 
 i even point out a few things to him , too . 
 i hate to admit it , because i do n't want anything here to be cool , but it feels good . 
 troy built a tree house to keep from going crazy in this town . 
 maybe the car can do that for me . 
 chapter six penny i pull up in the driveway , exhausted . 
 my body feels like jell-o after practice . 
 i 'm frustrated because the team from up north in barrow-the ones we 're supposed to play for state semifinals-are snowed in and our game 's been moved back a week or more . 
 i hate postponements , but it is barrow , and it is still winter . 
 when i get out , i see gramps and bishop in the garage , leaning over the engine of my corvette . 
 i ca n't believe that cocky prick has his hands on my car . 
 i tried to be nice this morning . 
 well , until i flipped him off , but seriously-i was trying to be nice by waving at him , and he just stood there . 
 cocky . 
 prick . 
 oh . 
 and that 's after i got him a beer , offered pizza , and he just took off while we were all hanging out . 
 no good-night . 
 no thanks . 
 no nothing . 
 i jump out of my car and resist the urge to run into the garage . 
 `` hi gramps . '' 
 i give him a kiss on the cheek as he leans out from under the hood with grease on his hands . 
 `` bishop and i got all the gaskets changed out today . '' 
 gramps pinches my nose with a grin . 
 `` i can change gaskets . '' 
 it comes out snappier than i meant . 
 but really , gramps knows how picky i am . 
 i do n't want some amateur working on it . 
 `` i should take off . '' 
 bishop grabs his coat from a stool and heads for the door . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 gramps steps toward him . 
 `` penny can take you to get drums . '' 
 `` i can what ? '' 
 i do n't want to take this guy anywhere . 
 especially after he messed with my car . 
 `` no . '' 
 bishop shakes his head . 
 `` i 'll take care of it . '' 
 gramps chuckles . 
 `` but pat does n't have a crush on you and might not give you the same deal penny will get . '' 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 bishop shakes his head and moves toward the door . 
 `` thanks anyway . '' 
 i open my mouth to say see ya , but then i remember that the he had his hands on my car . 
 gramps leans over , and i almost lean away because i know right now what he 's going to say . 
 `` these guys are paying your mom a lot of money for two cabins and no work on your part . 
 grow up , be nice , and take the boy to town . 
 would n't hurt if you were a little extra nice to pat , too . '' 
 only gramps could talk to me like this and still make me smile . 
 his voice is quiet but all happy . 
 bishop 's almost to his cabin . 
 hell . 
 i jog outside . 
 `` bishop ! '' 
 i even use my best cheery voice . 
 `` i 'm heading to town anyway , and i 'm sure pat can get you a deal . 
 if you need drums , we should get you drums . 
 you 've got to be bored out of your mind . '' 
 because you do n't do anything except go for walks in the snow and smoke . 
 he pauses , and he flicks his gaze toward gary 's . 
 `` just a sec . '' 
 like he did last night , he shoves his hands in his pockets , looking everywhere but at me . 
 it 's not like i asked the guy to marry me or something . 
 `` listen , if you do n't want - '' `` no ! '' 
 he practically shouts at me . 
 `` just give me a minute . '' 
 still , he looks like i 'm trying to pull his teeth , not take him to get something he wants . 
 bishop turns and walks away . 
 his hotness is seriously seeping away with his crappy attitude . 
 he knocks on gary 's door-i 'm not totally buying that `` gary 's up here for business '' thing-and i realize he 's asking him if he can go . 
 so . 
 young enough to need permission , but old enough to not go to school ? 
 what 's going on with them ? 
 since i 'm trying to be all accommodating and want gramps happy with me , i head to my truck and climb in the driver 's seat to wait . 
 when gary 's door closes , i start my truck and wave at bishop to come over . 
 he holds up a finger , runs into his cabin , and comes out wearing another hat . 
 bummer . 
 i like his hair . 
 not that it matters what he does with his stupid hair . 
 it 's a ten-mile drive to town on icy roads , and already close to six . 
 i 'm pretty sure the music store closes at six . 
 that 's not good . 
 i dial pat as bishop opens the door . 
 `` you sure this is cool ? '' 
 bishop asks , and the uncertainty in his voice makes me pause . 
 `` i 'm on the phone with pat . 
 get in . '' 
 i force my lips into a smile . 
 bishop frowns again . 
 the boy 's got some serious damage . 
 he needs to get over it . 
 whatever `` it '' is . 
 he slides into the car , and i look over him again . 
 nice eyes . 
 good build . 
 something like fluttering hits my stomach before i snap my brain back into focus and start out of the driveway . 
 my reaction is because bishop is new , that 's all . 
 `` penny ! '' 
 pat sounds way too excited for a simple phone call . 
 i 'm not stupid and kind of know he watches me , but i 'm a girl guys watch-not a girl anyone actually asks out . 
 it sucks because i 've only ever kissed mitch , and it was just the one time . 
 `` penny ? '' 
 he asks . 
 focus , penny . 
 `` hey , pat . 
 i 'm calling for a favor . '' 
 `` of course you are . '' 
 he chuckles . 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 `` there 's a guy staying in the cabins who needs a set of drums . 
 i told him you could hook him up , but we 're just leaving my house . '' 
 i hit the gas at the end of the driveway , just to spin bitty sideways for a bit . 
 bishop 's jaw flexes , but he does n't flinch . 
 i 'm impressed . 
 i let bitty slide back to my lane . 
 `` so you want me to stay at the store , is that right ? '' 
 `` we 'll just be a couple minutes . 
 promise . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` i 'll stick around . 
 see you in a few . '' 
 i flip my phone off and shove it in my pocket . 
 `` he 's open late . '' 
 a corner of bishop 's mouth twitches . 
 it 's the first emotion i 've seen from him that does n't involve his scowl , and i like it enough to know i 'll be trying to make it happen again . 
 `` of course he is . '' 
 ... so . 
 pat only has a three hundred dollar set and a two thousand dollar one . 
 bishop is behind the two thousand dollar one , making me wonder what kind of computer work his uncle is into , if he 's actually into computer work at all . 
 pat grins from ear to ear while he watches bishop adjust the drums . 
 they exchanged a few whispers when bishop sat down that made bishop look a little sick . 
 later , i 'll have to ask pat what that was about . 
 bishop 's got a behind-the-counter set of sticks that he flips as if they 're part of him . 
 the muscles in his arms flex in a practiced rhythm as he continues to spin the sticks . 
 i sit on a stool under a row of guitars , and he drops his baseball hat before adjusting himself on the seat . 
 suddenly , he does n't look sick anymore . 
 bishop 's eyes close just longer than a blink . 
 i hold my breath in anticipation and really take him in . 
 slightly long hair , perfect nose , strong and muscled but not huge , just ... lean . 
 his eyes open , and i swear he 's in a different place . 
 okay . 
 i love music as much as the next person , but i never pay attention to the drums . 
 until he starts to play . 
 for the rest of my life , i will pay attention to drums . 
 it 's unreal . 
 the rhythm . 
 everything . 
 it 's like there 's too much to take in at once . 
 he ca n't be thinking , just feeling . 
 pat 's grin spreads even wider as bishop keeps playing . 
 his hands fly so fast i can hardly see them . 
 every once in a while his eyes close , so lost in what he 's doing that all i can do is stare . 
 i 'm not an expert , but this guy has to be some kind of genius or something . 
 i 'm frozen on this stupid little stool made for people who play guitars , just staring at the guy . 
 i know exactly how he feels right now . 
 he 's in the zone behind the drums , just like i am on the ice . 
 the rhythm stops , and the room feels empty and flat , like i do when someone knocks the wind out of me . 
 and i now understand why girls think guys who are in bands are hot . 
 watching the guy work , his head lost in what he 's doing , and something so amazing coming out of it ? 
 hot . 
 he 's sweating when he stands up , his hair sticking to his forehead a little bit . 
 `` i 'll take 'em . '' 
 and then , bishop actually smiles . 
 pat moves to the register , and bishop follows . 
 he writes up a slip , and bishop shifts his weight back and forth a few times , glancing over his shoulder at me . 
 he went from happy to twitchy in about three seconds . 
 i move for the door , ready to be home . 
 `` i 'll back up the truck . '' 
 bishop snatches his credit card off the counter , but it slips from his fingers and drops to the floor . 
 you 'd think he 'd be more relaxed after drumming , but when i lean down to pick it up , bishop half-falls onto the credit card , snatching it just before i grasp the edge . 
 i stare at him just long enough for us to both know that was odd . 
 he breaks eye contact first without a word and shoves his card back into his wallet with shaky hands . 
 something weird is definitely going on . 
 ... we pull out of the music store lot with a two thousand dollar set of drums in the bed of my truck . 
 how can a guy my age just hand over a credit card for two thousand bucks ? 
 bishop 's gone quiet , staring out the window , his leg bouncing . 
 `` you 're not like ... in some kind of weird trouble or anything , are you ? '' 
 i ask . 
 bishop 's brows go up , and he 's looking at me a little like i 'm crazy , but there 's unease there , too . 
 i think . 
 `` weird trouble ? '' 
 i start to ask about his card and his twitchiness , but as the words begin to form in my head , it sounds kind of stupid . 
 `` never mind . '' 
 he slumps a little lower in the seat . 
 i reach out to poke him , but stop because i do n't look for ways to touch guys who are n't mitch . 
 and anyway , i just made the mood in the car strange , when it should be fine . 
 `` looks like you found yourself a fan back there . '' 
 bishop pulls his hat down another inch . 
 `` he just appreciates mad talent . '' 
 i snort even though i ca n't even argue with his talent remark . 
 my stomach rumbles , it 's black outside , and i still have stuff to do . 
 and i ca n't get the picture of bishop playing drums out of my head . 
 he 's definitely a puzzle . 
 who 's his uncle ? 
 does he have rich parents ? 
 is he some kind of prodigy ? 
 if he was in a band , he would n't be here , but if he 's not , would n't his talent be wasted ? 
 or maybe it 's just a sideline to who he really is . 
 or maybe i 'm spending too much time thinking about a puzzle that really is n't one . 
 `` you 've played a while ? '' 
 i ask , wondering if he 'll volunteer any info without me tossing out another stupid question like weird trouble . 
 he nods . 
 `` a while . '' 
 frustration bubbles inside me at how perfectly vague he 's being . 
 `` you in school ? 
 homeschool or something ? '' 
 `` homeschooled . 
 graduated . '' 
 he sounds bored , but his jaw is tight as he stares out the window . 
 i guess i really wo n't get any info from him . 
 fine . 
 i 'm not fishing ... at least not to his face . 
 i 'll try mom for information next . 
 if we ever end up being home at the same time , anyway . 
 i wonder again if money is tighter than i think it is because she 's been doing nothing but work for weeks now . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 bishop stops flipping his sticks just long enough to check his watch . 
 `` seven . '' 
 `` cool . 
 jeremy 's working the window at mcdonald 's , which means my food 's free . 
 i got ta stop . 
 you want something ? '' 
 he pushes a strand of brown hair out of his face , showing off his eyes . 
 he 's got a nice profile . 
 masculine . 
 and after hearing him play , he 's a lot more than the guy with a crap attitude . 
 `` you 've got ta be kidding me , '' he says , and shakes his head . 
 `` what ? '' 
 only i know what . 
 and i might be showing off a little , but it 's been a long time since i asked a favor of jeremy , and i showed him how to change his oil without making fun of him . 
 i figure he owes me . 
 `` you have a way to get everything you want . 
 you 're , like , miss alaska or something . 
 it 's sort of ridiculous . '' 
 for once , there 's no attitude in his voice . 
 the guy is still lighter from just a few minutes on the drums . 
 i actually get that-it 's why i play hockey . 
 and ride snowmachines . 
 and dirt bikes . 
 `` if you compare me to a beauty queen again , forget the tampon , i 'll use one of your drumsticks . '' 
 i grin and bat my eyelashes . 
 `` and i get what i want because i 'm nice to everyone . '' 
 since i know i do n't want to leave alaska , it sort of changes how i act . 
 like these people are the people that i 'm going to spend my life with . 
 the weight of leaving for college settles over me again . 
 i 'm supposed to want to get out of here and go to school . 
 but i do n't want to . 
 not yet . 
 maybe never . 
 `` you ? 
 nice ? '' 
 the corner of his mouth turns up . 
 `` it all depends on who i 'm dealing with . '' 
 i narrow my eyes , only half-teasing , and nervous flutters start low in my stomach . 
 this time , they do n't go away when i will them to . 
 `` oh . 
 i see . '' 
 he 's still wearing his half-smile , like he 's not ready to give in yet and admit he 's having fun . 
 `` you think i do n't see how you look at my house ? 
 at my friends ? 
 at where i live ? 
 it 's like you hate everything about the place that i love . 
 you 're not better than me , and you 're not better than this place . 
 so , yeah . 
 it pissed me off a little . 
 at first . '' 
 i keep my voice light , but it 's harder to breathe when i 'm being honest like this , especially now that i 'm trying not to think about how close and alone we are . 
 i flick on my turn signal and join the line at mcdonald 's . 
 with only two fast-food restaurants in town , this place gets full . 
 `` you do n't hold back , do you ? '' 
 he twirls the stick between his fingers and i wonder for a second how he got to be so good . 
 `` i do n't think i 'm better than anyone . 
 i just know i do n't belong here , and i do n't want to . 
 i have a life somewhere else . 
 plus it 's not like you did n't look at me the same way . '' 
 `` i do n't hold back most of the time . 
 i 've known these people forever , and we can say almost anything to each other . 
 and it would be that way with mitch , too , if he - '' the words are out before i can stop them , and i 'm shocked because i never say things i do n't mean to . 
 he chuckles . 
 `` lover boy ? '' 
 lover boy ? 
 how the hell would bishop know how i feel about mitch ? 
 my stomach tightens , and my mouth gapes open-both are n't like me . 
 at all . 
 `` he could n't keep his hands to himself . '' 
 bishop chuckles . 
 `` not that i blame him because his girl is - '' `` okay , '' i interrupt , because the lover boy comment was because of rebecca , and not because of me . 
 which actually feels worse than him realizing how pathetic i feel over mitch . 
 `` let 's not talk about mitch and rebecca . 
 cool ? '' 
 `` hit a bad topic ? '' 
 only his voice does n't have enough snark in it for me to fight back . 
 `` you got your discount drum set , and you 're about to get free fries . 
 i think we 're good on being nice for the night . '' 
 i give him a smile , so maybe he wo n't take it as seriously as i mean it . 
 gramps was right . 
 i need to be nice , even though bishop just pointed out something i already know . 
 i really am losing mitch . 
 `` drum kit . 
 and fair enough . '' 
 somehow him agreeing that we 're okay not being nice makes me want to be . 
 i start to talk three times before i find words because bishop looking as good as he does , and playing drums like he does , and being new , and the crazy butterfly things i ca n't shake from my stomach ... i 'm just in a different kind of territory with a guy , and it 's territory i do n't know how to deal with . 
 i can feel the twinges of nerves pushing words out faster than i know i 'll want them to come . 
 `` our game got pushed back because the kids who live in barrow ca n't fly out until the storm passes . 
 i 'm going snowmachining with the guys tomorrow . 
 you like to go fast ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 maybe . '' 
 his `` maybe '' gives me some relief , making me wonder what my problem is . 
 why would i care if he wanted to come or not ? 
 `` i 'll give you a knock after school . 
 i have extra gear and stuff . 
 i 'm tall so it 's all for guys . '' 
 `` no pink snow pants ? '' 
 he 's actually teasing me . 
 i ca n't believe it , and now i 'm actually looking forward to doing something fun with him . 
 finding another way to make him relax a little . 
 maybe even actually smile again . 
 i 'm grinning , searching his brown eyes in the darkness of my truck . 
 `` definitely no pink snow pants . '' 
 ... when i jump out of my truck to head for bishop 's cabin , all i hear is drums . 
 the guy is crazy good . 
 definitely good enough to join a real band . 
 not like the guys who hang at the music store , making up band names for a group that would rather get high than practice . 
 i bang on bishop 's door , even though part of me wants to wait until his song finishes . 
 that could take forever . 
 the guys 'll be here any minute , and i have to be suited up and ready to go or they 'll get ahead on the trail . 
 i 'm not following any of those pansies down my trail . 
 i knock again and bishop does n't answer , so i step inside . 
 `` come on ! 
 you 're not wimping out on me are you ? '' 
 bishop stops playing with a murderous look on his face . 
 i choose to ignore it , even though there 's something to be noticed about a guy who feels so much . 
 good or bad . 
 `` the drums will still be here when we get back , but your chance to go for a ride and watch me make asses of the guys on my team happens now . '' 
 `` what if i was playing nak * d ? '' 
 he wipes his hand across his forehead-damp with sweat like it was yesterday . 
 his expression is unreadable . 
 a lump forms in my throat at the thought of what he 'd look like playing the drums with no shirt . 
 how his body would move without conscious thought . 
 the way the muscles in his chest and abs and arms would flex . 
 something foreign washes through me with the idea of it , making my legs jelly for a second . 
 whoa . 
 this is new . 
 mitch does n't make me feel that . 
 silence presses in until i find my penny mojo and roll my eyes because i ca n't feel all this weird newness around him without it backfiring . 
 `` it 's nothing i have n't seen before . 
 all my friends are guys . '' 
 his scowl is replaced by something almost like a grin . 
 `` you 're nuts . '' 
 he shakes his head , still partially grinning . 
 `` come on . '' 
 i step back , needing to be out of the small room . 
 `` let 's get you suited up . '' 
 bishop grabs his coat , shoves his feet into his boots . 
 `` i have to talk to gary real quick . '' 
 he jogs to the other cabin and knocks . 
 okay . 
 strange . 
 i do n't have to tell anyone when i snowmachine . 
 maybe it 's a city boy thing . 
 a minute later , we 're at my house . 
 as soon as i step in the door , i start tossing outdoor gear his way . 
 `` what am i supposed to do with this ? '' 
 his brows pull together as he watches the pile at his feet grow . 
 `` put it on ? '' 
 i suggest as i finish suiting up and reach for my boots . 
 still not looking at him after his nak * d comment . 
 he lets out a breath , but i see a hint of a smile as i look at through my hair . 
 i almost offer to help him with the snow pants , which have some crazy straps , but he figures it out before my boots are laced . 
 he 's so quiet . 
 i start to wonder if he 's always this way . 
 i 'm not , so quiet people unnerve me . 
 what 's he thinking ? 
 what does he want ? 
 why wo n't he talk ? 
 i open the door to the part of the garage with the two snowmachines . 
 gramps has money , mom just does n't want him to use it . 
 but he does once in a while-hot tub , new snowmachines , my truck . 
 i point to gramps 's favorite machine . 
 `` you can take that one . 
 it 's an 800 , so you 'll be able to keep up . '' 
 another small smile hits as he sits on the seat . 
 he scans over the black and orange cowling covering the engine , at the two skis in front and then underneath him at he checks out the thick rubber track . 
 `` anything special i should know ? '' 
 i stand next to him and point to all the important pieces . 
 `` gas . 
 brake . 
 if a tree is smaller than my wrist , you can drive over it . '' 
 i hold up my hand . 
 he cocks a brow . 
 `` when in doubt , always hit the gas . '' 
 he nods once and again almost smiles . 
 `` nice . 
 i miss riding my bike in the city . 
 maybe this will be close . '' 
 `` trust me . 
 it 'll be better . 
 and i know this sounds crazy , but we 're headed to matt 's parents ' hayfields , and the snow is deep . 
 if you really want to play , turn the handlebars the opposite direction you want to go , hit the gas , and lean the direction you do want to go . 
 it 'll lift up the side of the machine , turn you around , spray snow , and make you look like you know what you 're doing . '' 
 his brows go up , and i 'm noticing his eyes again . 
 `` you 're not going to make me look like an ass , are you ? '' 
 bishop wrings his hands together as though he does n't know what to do with them . 
 i shrug and try not to laugh . 
 `` try it for yourself , and you 'll find out . '' 
 `` are you always like this ? '' 
 a corner of his mouth goes up , and my stomach tenses just a bit at the way he 's looking at me . 
 `` are you always so quiet , grumpy , and introspective ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 that , to me , is an affirmative . 
 i toss him his helmet . 
 `` see you on the trail . '' 
 we start the machines just as mitch and matt pull up , and i wo n't be behind them , so i grab a handful of throttle and rocket out of the garage to make sure i 'm in front . 
 bishop 's right behind me . 
 the guy catches on quick . 
 in seconds , we 're flying down the trail at close to seventy . 
 we hit matt 's hayfields ten minutes of speed later . 
 mitch raises his hand in the air and makes a circle-snowmachine language for `` we 'll all play here for a while . '' 
 bishop pulls up next to me i have to yell over the sound of the machines . 
 `` we 're all just screwing around . 
 do what i told you with the skis , worse that 'll happen is you 'll fall off in a pile of snow and have to climb back on . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 more than just the corners of his mouth are turned up now . 
 it 's an actual freaking smile on the king of grouchy . 
 i 'm so good . 
 chapter seven bishop adrenaline races through me , making me feel higher than any drug ever has . 
 i 've ridden bikes , dirt bikes , four-wheelers , but this ? 
 this feels different . 
 cold air whips around me the faster i go , but i ca n't make myself slow down . 
 i do n't want to . 
 i do what penny said , turning the handlebars the opposite direction and leaning the other . 
 the shit actually works . 
 snow flies out from under the machine as i whip around in a circle . 
 all these other guys out here ca n't keep up with me . 
 the only one who can is penny . 
 part of me wants to try and show her up , but the other part-the stronger half-is having too much fun to turn it into something else . 
 i just want to keep going , enjoying the freedom that i 'm not sure i 've ever felt . 
 it 's like nothing can catch me here-not my psychotic dad who i pretty much had to pay off to get him to leave us alone , not fans , my anxiety , my manager ... not even my personal guard . 
 i do n't know how long we 're out here when they all pull up together in a circle . 
 i 'm not ready to go back-not sure i ever want to stop but know i have to . 
 i rev up the engine before flying over to where they are , spraying snow all over penny before coming to a stop . 
 `` think you 're pretty cool now , do n't ya ? '' 
 she rips her helmet off , her white hair flying free . 
 `` do n't think . 
 i know . 
 i owned that . '' 
 my eyes do n't leave her . 
 she 's so wild , this girl . 
 i 've never known anyone like her . 
 `` did n't own me . '' 
 she turns her attention back to her friends . 
 and she 's right . 
 she showed all the other guys up . 
 i have a feeling no one has ever beat her at anything . 
 `` you guys ready to head back ? '' 
 i watch them , the way they all keep their eyes firmly on her all the time . 
 i wonder if she knows half these guys are in love with her . 
 or maybe not love , but they definitely want her . 
 and respect her . 
 or maybe they 're scared of her . 
 `` yeah , i 've got stuff to do . 
 i 'm supposed to go to becca 's , '' mitch says , and penny rolls her eyes . 
 she opens her mouth to reply , but i cough and say `` whipped '' at the same time . 
 mitch scowls at me , but penny gives me a smile . 
 it almost looks ... appreciative ? 
 and i realize that 's why i did it , which is pretty f ** king weird . 
 but then , i guess i owe her for showing me a good time today and helping me get my kit . 
 `` race you back ! '' 
 she shoves her helmet back on and is speeding away before i realize what 's happening . 
 all the other guys start shoving theirs on , but i 'm faster , pushing the damn thing on my head and hitting the gas . 
 i do n't know where the rest of them are , all i know is i 'm catching penny . 
 the trail from the fields is smooth and fast , but each little bump makes me feel like i 'm floating before the track catches again . 
 this is seriously like flying , and i 'm after that taillight in front of me , determined not to let her win . 
 i ca n't even explain how it feels . 
 as good as it does when my sticks are slamming down on the drums over and over . 
 maybe better than that , too . 
 it makes me forget everything else . 
 the stupid chat i had with gary that did n't do much of anything . 
 why i 'm here . 
 that no one is supposed to know . 
 pat figured it out-there was no way to keep it from him when i bought the drums-and if he tells , i 'm f ** ked . 
 there was no denying it , though . 
 he 's as into music as i am , and he knows me . 
 or he knows burn , i guess . 
 penny could have easily found out when i dropped my card . 
 none of that matters , though . 
 not while i 'm flying over the snow . 
 we both slide to a stop at almost the same time . 
 i 'm only a few seconds behind her . 
 i 'm panting so hard , i feel like i 've been playing my drums for days on end . 
 `` dude , i 'm f ** king awesome . '' 
 the words are broken up since i 'm out of breath . 
 `` what ? '' 
 her cheeks are all pink and a little sexy . 
 whoa . 
 when did i start noticing her cheeks ? 
 `` you did n't win . 
 we tied . '' 
 `` yeah , but you cheated . 
 you started early , we stopped at the same time , which technically means i beat you . '' 
 `` are you seriously trying to win on a technicality ? 
 what is this , csi ? '' 
 i start to laugh , but i do n't reply as the hum of the other machines gets closer and closer . 
 i 'm still breathing hard , watching her straddle the machine across from me . 
 i kind of want to thank her for bringing me out , but i do n't really know how , so instead i say , `` whatever , i 'll give you this one , but we 're having a rematch . '' 
 i suddenly ca n't wait for it to happen . 
 then , i do the strangest thing . 
 i take a deep breath , smelling the cold like i did with gary , and thinking it might be something i 'll try to remember . 
 ... my body actually hurts when i get out of the shower . 
 it 's the good kind of hurt , though . 
 i have n't done something like that in ... hell , i ca n't even remember when . 
 i 'm wearing sweatpants , a sweatshirt and socks as i fall onto the couch and kick my feet up . 
 i 'm out of cigarettes but do n't know if i 'd have the energy to go outside and smoke anyway . 
 i look over at my drums in the corner and remember the new beat i played today . 
 it reminds me of the song blake was working on when i left . 
 he writes just about everything we do , but sometimes i help . 
 i miss that . 
 suddenly , i feel like talking to him , even though i 've been the one ignoring him . 
 i hit the button on my cell to give him a call . 
 `` b.r. ! '' 
 i laugh at the way blake answers the phone . 
 he 's always got a ton of energy . 
 he said he had add when he was a kid , but it got better when he started singing . 
 i 'm not sure if that did it or if his energy just got redirected . 
 that 's kind of what happened with me . 
 when i started playing drums , it helped me forget my a ** hole dad . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` what 's up ? 
 i 've been trying to call you , you 've been ignoring my ass , and all you can say is ` what 's up ? ' '' 
 i want to tell him i feel like he betrayed me . 
 that he should have had my back , but i do n't . 
 instead , i just say , `` do n't want to go there . 
 we are n't supposed to be talking anyway . 
 what ya been doing ? '' 
 he leaves it at that , which does n't surprise me . 
 he knows me , and he does n't ever really expect me to talk more than i want to . 
 `` not much . 
 chillin ' . 
 how 's alaska ? '' 
 he chuckles when he asks . 
 it feels kind of cool to talk to him again . 
 `` fuck off . 
 it 's alaska . 
 how do you think it is ? '' 
 flashes of riding today flash in my head . 
 some parts of it are pretty cool , i guess . 
 `` actually , i went out snowmachining today . 
 it was awesome . 
 those things go fast as hell . 
 i want one . '' 
 not that i 'd have somewhere to ride it , but still . 
 `` nice . 
 who 'd you go with ? 
 do n't tell me gary 's taken up extreme sports ? '' 
 i laugh because that 's the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard . 
 `` yeah right . 
 he spends all his time making me go on walks with him , working , or talking to troy . '' 
 `` so who ? '' 
 there 's some noise in the background and then blake yells at someone to shut up . 
 it bothers me for a second because i 'm sure he 's with the guys . 
 they 're all together at home , and i 'm out here , but before i can dwell on it much , i remember what he asked me . 
 `` some chick named penny . 
 she 's like the alaska hockey queen or something . 
 i have n't seen her play , but she kicks ass on the machines . 
 got a '75 corvette too . 
 it 's nice . '' 
 shaking my head , i realize i sound like i 'm bragging on this girl or something . 
 `` you 're hooking up with an alaskan chick ? 
 that did n't take you long , man . '' 
 `` what ? 
 i 'm not messing around with her . 
 though she is kind of hot ... '' actually there 's no kind of about it . 
 `` i 'm not here for that , though , remember ? 
 you helped send me here . 
 i 'm just getting by until don gets the bug out of his ass and lets me come home . '' 
 he ignores part of my comment and says , `` so ? 
 you ca n't get some while you 're at it ? '' 
 his question annoys me because penny 's not like that . 
 then i annoy me because his question should n't bother me at all . 
 `` i did n't call to talk about penny . 
 i bought a new drum kit . 
 played around and i have a killer solo that would go with ` break out . ' '' 
 `` really ? 
 nice . 
 i 'll tell the guys . 
 we 've been screwing around with it , but i can see if they 're cool with setting it aside till you get back . '' 
 his words hit me the wrong way . 
 they 're working on our songs without me . 
 he 'll see if they mind waiting for me ? 
 my body tenses up . 
 `` see if they 're okay with it ? '' 
 there should be no problem with waiting for me . 
 everyone 's supposed to be on vacation right now , not only me . 
 `` we 're still a band , right ? 
 it 's not like i 'll be here forever . 
 i 'm doing all right . 
 i 'm thinking about bailing and coming home anyway . '' 
 am i ? 
 why not ? 
 if i can get the guys behind me , don wo n't be able to say no to all of us . 
 `` b.r , you know that 's not what i meant , and ... i do n't know if that 's such a good idea ... i mean , you 're there for a reason , ya know ? 
 it 's not like - '' `` fuck off , blake . 
 do n't try and play that holier-than-thou crap with me . '' 
 fucking anxiety . 
 my hands start to shake . 
 they know me , so they should know i do n't have a problem . 
 i 'm not on anything right now , and i was fine before he started in on me . 
 actually , i was better than fine . 
 maybe even good . 
 he sounds concerned when he says , `` i 'm not trying to be a jerk . 
 we all party . 
 hell , chase likes to have a good time almost as much as you , but it 's different . 
 none of us end up in the hospital . 
 we make meetings and do n't get lost in other countries . 
 you scared us , man . 
 if maryanne had n't been there ... '' yeah , maryanne who was the one who hooked me up in the first place . 
 `` speaking of maryanne , i 'm going to go and call her . 
 at least she does n't give me shit when i talk to her . '' 
 she knows i do n't have a problem . 
 she does n't even have the same crazy schedule as us , but she gets why i do what i do on the rare times i do it . 
 `` that 's because she 's a pill-popping groupie ! 
 she wants in your pants because she wants your money and because - '' i do n't know what else he says because i hang up the phone . 
 screw him . 
 screw all of them . 
 they do n't know what they 're talking about . 
 patting my pockets , i look for my cigarettes before i remember i 'm out . 
 i shake my hands , hoping it will make the trembling stop . 
 this time , when i pick up my phone , i call maryanne . 
 she answers on the first ring . 
 `` hey , bishop . '' 
 `` did you send it ? '' 
 she giggles . 
 `` yep . '' 
 i fall back , not even realizing i 'd sat up , already feeling a little better . 
 ... `` i got you a laptop . '' 
 gary walks in front of me and glances over his shoulder . 
 i suck in a breath of cold air . 
 `` you did ? '' 
 gary nods . 
 `` it might come in handy . 
 you never know . '' 
 we 're silent for a few minutes as we keep walking . 
 thank you , tell him thank you . 
 i tense a little as a car passes us . 
 with the snow piled next to the road , and no shoulder , there is n't a lot of room for walking . 
 gary shoves his hands tighter in his pockets . 
 `` do you like working on the car with gramps ? '' 
 `` obviously , man . 
 you know i like cars . '' 
 he glances at me before his gaze shifts back to the icy road . 
 `` i did ? 
 hate to break it to you , bishop , but i did n't . 
 i 've never even heard you talk about cars until we got here . '' 
 that 's stupid . 
 or maybe i just did n't talk about them with him . 
 `` i have a ranchero at home . 
 i plan to fix her up . 
 i 'm thinking i 'll get started if you guys ever let my ass out of here . '' 
 that remark earns me a smile , but i know gary wo n't offer to let me out early . 
 `` when i was in college , things were crazy busy . 
 i was working with don some of the time and you know how much of a slave driver he is . 
 kind of like with our walks , though , i set out a certain amount of time where i could just do what i wanted-something i loved . 
 not work , not school , just something that was happy-gary time . '' 
 here we go again . 
 with my top lip , i play with my piercing before answering . 
 `` that 's not always easy to do on the road . '' 
 we take a few steps in silence , and i like it when this happens . 
 like he 's actually listening to what i 'm saying and taking it in instead of jumping in with some random slogan to help me feel better . 
 `` if it 's important , you find time . 
 if you do n't look out for yourself , bishop , no one else will . 
 i 'm not stupid . 
 i know you ca n't work on a car on the road , but you can read up on them . 
 make plans for what you want to work on next . 
 or cars can be your home thing and you can find something else-something good for you that gives you that same feeling to do on the road . '' 
 without thinking , i nod . 
 that kind of makes sense . 
 there have been so many times i thought i would go crazy on a plane or in a hotel room . 
 it might be kind of cool to have something planned to do during those times . 
 at some point , gary must have slowed down or i sped up because we 're walking together now . 
 `` troy is a planner . 
 he drives me bat shit crazy sometimes . 
 he keeps calendars all over the house and his phone beeps every five minutes to remind him of something . 
 and god , do n't let him miss his time in the gym because then i actually want to strangle him , but the point is , it 's what works . 
 his activities give him something to look forward to , and his schedule helps him feel grounded . '' 
 gary pauses , leaving this conversation similar to the one he did about trees . 
 `` what keeps you grounded , bishop riley ? '' 
 i do n't know . 
 ... schedules . 
 i have one of those , too . 
 a pill schedule and one with gramps . 
 for the fifth morning in a row , i check with gramps to see if i got any mail . 
 i 've been holding out , keeping my pills to only take every few days , and it 's working okay . 
 still , when he tells me no , it freaks me out a little . 
 mail should n't take this long . 
 like every other day , we get to work on the corvette . 
 he calls me `` rookie '' all the time , which i would have thought would be annoying . 
 when , coming from him , it 's not . 
 it 's a blast working on the car with him . 
 he 's a nutcase , with his crazy beard and crazier jokes , but a cool one and we 're actually making some progress with her . 
 i hardly see penny . 
 gramps says she 's been practicing late or something . 
 she definitely takes this hockey stuff seriously . 
 sometimes , gramps and i are quiet almost the whole day . 
 other times , he tells me stories about when he was younger , about wars , traveling , and even girls . 
 gramps likes to talk about girls , which i think is pretty cool . 
 he does n't sugarcoat anything and even though i 'm quiet most of the time , i have a feeling i could tell him anything . 
 i kind of think he might know everything already . 
 once in a while , he 'll act a little strange , mumbling about weird stuff or something , but the guy is old as dirt . 
 i figure that 's got to be normal . 
 i 'd be insane right now if it was n't for him and this car , i know that . 
 twice gary has taken a break from working and reading to come out and watch us . 
 he gets a kick out of gramps , and gramps definitely knows gary is a little loony . 
 okay , maybe not loony , but mushy as hell . 
 he got three calls from troy the other day , and he 'd get all smiley each time . 
 every time gary turned his back , gramps would put his finger to his temple , spin it in a circle , and mouth `` crazy '' at me . 
 he 's awesome . 
 the nights are killing me , though . 
 it 's almost like i 'm transported back to the stage . 
 or maybe not even there , but an empty room where i can still hear the people calling for me . 
 this town is enough to drive anyone crazy . 
 it gets dark too early . 
 i 'm stuck inside the cabin with nothing but gary , two tv channels , my drums , and now a laptop . 
 how do they think this helps ? 
 it 's making me go nuts . 
 my shaking is getting worse . 
 every time i try to sleep , my head is suddenly flooded with stuff that does n't matter . 
 it sucks . 
 after hours of lying awake in the dark , i get up and turn on my laptop and look up the first thing that pops into my mind . 
 it does n't take me long to find a couple online car magazine subscriptions to buy . 
 now what ? 
 so , i pull up an empty document to type but my fingers struggle on the keys , a little of the trembling coming back . 
 i slam the laptop closed and fall back against the couch . 
 what the f ** k kind of schedule could i make for myself anyway ? 
 if maryanne 's package would get here , it would help take the edge off . 
 that 's all i need , a little help taking the edge off ... ... it 's late one night when i notice penny sliding into the hot tub , that white-blond hair all shimmering . 
 damn , the girl is hot . 
 i 'm not sure if she realizes how hot she is . 
 or maybe she does . 
 spur of the moment , i shove my feet in my boots , grab the jacket i 'm getting tired of wearing , and go outside . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i walk up the stairs . 
 she has her head leaned back , resting on the deck . 
 penny does n't even bother to open her eyes . 
 `` want to get in ? '' 
 `` nah . '' 
 we 're both quiet for a minute , her staring at the back of her eyelids and me staring at her . 
 there has to have been a reason for me to come out here , only i ca n't think of it right now . 
 `` so ... the mail ? 
 i have a package coming . 
 how long does it usually take ? '' 
 finally , she opens her eyes and turns her head a little . 
 `` depends . 
 priority or regular mail ? '' 
 i ca n't believe i did n't think to ask . 
 `` not sure . '' 
 `` if it 's regular mail , it can take forever . 
 sometimes a couple weeks . '' 
 a couple weeks ? 
 `` tell me you 're kidding . '' 
 she rolls her eyes like i 'm an idiot . 
 `` bishop , you 're in alaska . '' 
 panic starts to set it . 
 wait , panic ? 
 no , i just do n't want maryanne to get caught mailing that stuff . 
 it 's not like i 'm totally jonesing for it . 
 `` yeah , alaska , not the moon . 
 a couple weeks ? 
 remind me why anyone would choose to live here ? '' 
 the scowl on her face tells me i said the wrong thing . 
 `` there 's nothing wrong with here . 
 i do n't get why everyone thinks that . '' 
 she closes her eyes again , ignoring me . 
 obviously , i hit a sore spot . 
 `` sorry , '' i mumble , a little surprised that i apologized to her . 
 `` if you like it so much , why are you leaving ? 
 gramps says you have a ton of big colleges who want you . 
 that you 're just deciding where to go . '' 
 her eyes widen before her face pulls into a frown . 
 `` you do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` what ? 
 are you scared to leave ? '' 
 the look she gives me tells me that was definitely the wrong thing to say . 
 chapter eight penny `` scared to leave ? 
 i 'm going to pretend you did n't just say that . '' 
 i need time to think about what to say so i slide down until the water covers my head before sitting up and wiping my face . 
 but i still do n't know if i 'm going to give him a real answer or not . 
 `` it just ... it does n't matter . 
 i do n't know where i 'm going to college , okay ? '' 
 bishop will agree with the rest of them and tell me i need to go . 
 take advantage of the opportunity . 
 just because the college teams might want me does n't mean i want them . 
 irritation washes through me in full force as i think about how even my team is pushing me . 
 the guys were all slapping my back after two more colleges contacted coach about me this week . 
 it 's not like i 'm the only one of us getting offers-i 'm just the only one who has n't decided . 
 why does everyone want me to leave ? 
 bishop shrugs . 
 `` figured it was a big deal that so many people wanted you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i snap . '' 
 'cause i 'm a girl ? '' 
 his brows rise a bit . 
 i can feel myself being a bitch , but i ca n't care right now . 
 chomps slammed me hard in practice today , and my whole body aches . 
 my brain hurts from the pressure of our games and school and gramps and another day of rebecca making kissy faces at mitch , and i just need to be alone for a bit . 
 `` hell , no . '' 
 he chuckles . 
 `` that makes you more scary . '' 
 he 's even being nice . 
 `` semifinals are in three days . 
 i 'm wound up . '' 
 i 'm almost ... apologizing . 
 crazy . 
 `` i 'm going to take a handful of advil and drop into bed . '' 
 something in bishop 's expression tightens before relaxing again . 
 `` yeah . 
 okay . '' 
 neither of us moves , but i hate the tension between us . 
 the ride home from pat 's , snowmachining-bishop is fun in a way i never expected . 
 `` shit . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i pull my knees to my chest while i put my thoughts together . 
 `` i already know what i want . 
 i want to go to uaa or uaf , and apparently that 's not big enough for someone who 's wanted by some of the best women 's college hockey teams in america . '' 
 bishop stares at me long enough that i swear i start to shrink . 
 `` after all the shit i 've heard come from your mouth , i ca n't believe you 'd let anyone talk you into anything . 
 you 're stronger than that . '' 
 `` i do n't ... '' i blink a few times at his compliment . 
 stunned by what sounds like concrete belief in me and what i want . 
 `` it 's hard when so many people expect so much . '' 
 he fingers his lip ring for a moment , making me wonder what prompted him to get it . 
 the silence between us this time is relaxed . 
 `` that 's definitely something i can relate to . '' 
 i watch him for any sign or hint that he might tell me something about himself , but he just keeps playing with his lip and staring across the water . 
 for some reason , him being someone i do n't know well makes it easier to talk . 
 `` i should be thrilled to play on women 's teams . 
 but knowing i can stay in a place i love and keep playing with guys who i actually know how to get along with and talk to ... i do n't see the point in giving that up . 
 especially when i 'm not even sure what i want to study . '' 
 bishop scoots closer , searching my face in a way that twinges the feeling of want inside me again . 
 `` penny , you 're probably the toughest chick i 've ever met . 
 you 'll figure it out , and once gramps and your mom see you happy , they 'll get it , too . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 i roll onto my stomach to face him more directly and rest my chin on my arms . 
 it 's so strange . 
 it 's almost like he understands me . 
 `` but right now , i feel like the hero , and if i do what i want , i might ... '' lose it . 
 they might think i wimped out . 
 was too scared to go . 
 `` if you talked to gary , he 'd feed you some bullshit line about how sometimes we have to hit bottom before we figure out what we want . 
 but you do n't need that . 
 you know what you want , and it 's something that 's cool . 
 do what you want penny , because you want to do it . 
 no way in hell , with your track record , that it wo n't work out . '' 
 a corner of his mouth pulls up in a half-smile , and i stare at his lips . 
 now the silence feels awkward because there 's a small part of me that wonders what kissing him would feel like , what the ring would feel like pressed against my lips , and the longer i stare the bigger that part gets . 
 snap . 
 out . 
 now . 
 `` you 're a lot less of an a ** hole than i figured you 'd be when you first got here . '' 
 bishop snorts as he stands with a real smile this time . 
 `` only you , penny . 
 get some sleep . '' 
 i give him a salute and even return his smile , which feels like maybe something new for me . 
 and it might be big . 
 ... i swap notes on the kitchen table with mom . 
 penny - sorry , it feels like i have n't seen you in forever . 
 i should be here and hopefully still awake when you get home from school . 
 i see we have three more possible scholarship offers to talk about ! 
 so proud of you ! 
 love , mom i flip her paper over and write my own . 
 mom - all 's good . 
 no worries . 
 miss seeing you around.love , penny that 's easier than trying to spit out everything that 's on my mind . 
 mom and i have n't talked for real in way too long . 
 i definitely do n't know how to start with a note . 
 ... school is just school . 
 i do it so i can play hockey . 
 the guys and i are all wound up tight , and mitch and rebecca are more attached than ever . 
 apparently , her dad walked in on them hav ** g s * x one afternoon and is n't letting her out of his sight aside from when she 's at school . 
 so . 
 they 're trying to make up for lost alone time ... in the hallway . 
 i 've definitely been pushed aside for rebecca because mitch and i have barely spoken since this whole mess went down a few days ago . 
 coach takes it way too easy on us again . 
 we need to really skate , not glide around like figure skaters carrying sticks . 
 beauty rest . 
 what the hell is that ? 
 i need distraction . 
 when i leave school , i head straight home . 
 i might work on my car or see what gramps is up to . 
 but with my car comes missing my dad , and some days it 's hard to see gramps be confused . 
 some part in the back of my brain wonders if bishop will be bored . 
 if he 'll be playing drums , or if he 'll be hanging on his porch . 
 maybe he 'll be up for something . 
 when i pull up , bishop 's on his porch , smoking again . 
 i hate cigarettes . 
 they stink . 
 and they make everything else stink . 
 but i 'm still glad he 's out here because it makes me feel less stalker-ish in asking him to do something with me . 
 and the weirdest thing happens because i freeze as my hand hits the door handle . 
 what if he says no ? 
 i can feel each heartbeat and hate that he 's affecting me and making me feel weak . 
 this is stupid . 
 i 'm penny . 
 i can handle some random guy . 
 `` hey , '' i say as i jump out of my truck . 
 `` if you wipe that cigarette smell off , wan na come with me for another ride ? '' 
 bishop glances at the newly started cigarette in his hand and drops it to the ground , frowning . 
 he stares at his hands for a moment before meeting my eyes . 
 `` well , shit . '' 
 i fold my arms . 
 `` grumpy bishop is back . 
 what 's up with you ? '' 
 `` some shit with the ban - '' he shakes his head . 
 `` i do n't know ... maybe another time , or ... '' `` come on . '' 
 i grin , hating how grouchy he is . 
 but he saved me from myself the other night in the hot tub , so maybe today i can save him . 
 `` you know you 're curious . 
 go brush your teeth , get your ass in your snowmachine gear , and come play . '' 
 he pushes out a breath . 
 `` give me a sec . '' 
 he disappears into his cabin , and like an idiot , i 'm holding in a smile because he said yes . 
 ... `` so , what does the mighty snow queen have in store for this evening ? '' 
 he asks as he steps into the garage , smelling like mint toothpaste and cigarettes . 
 at least he tried . 
 i let the stupid queen name pass because it looks like his day was worse than mine . 
 `` a ride somewhere cool . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 he asks as he sits on the machine next to mine . 
 i stare at him for a moment , wanting to do something to get the frown off his face . 
 `` trust me ? '' 
 he gives me his hot half-smile again which sends a rush through me . 
 `` hell , no i do n't trust you . 
 but i 'll follow you out of here for a while . '' 
 i bite my lip to hold in a grin and hit the gas so hard that the front of the machine floats for the first hundred feet or so . 
 no matter how fast i go , i ca n't shake bishop . 
 he 's not moving ahead , because i 've taken two turns on the trail , but he wants to make sure that i know there 's a chance he could beat me if he knew where we were going . 
 i can totally appreciate that . 
 we hit the edge of the mountain and start the climb . 
 he 's going to love this , and as i keep my thumb on the throttle and we keep climbing , i 'm even more glad he was on the porch when i got there . 
 once we pass the abandoned-mining-house-turned-abandoned-lodge , it takes me a few minutes to find the exact spot . 
 as his machine sprints in front of mine and then waits , i know he 's impatient . 
 boys . 
 finally , i find the entrance to the old mine and turn off the machine . 
 it 's dark out now , and i 'm really glad i know the way back home because there will be no light left . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 he asks as he pulls off his helmet , eyeing the black hole that is the mining tunnel entrance . 
 the only reason we can see it this late is because the snow always finds some light to reflect , and there 's obviously no snow over a man-sized gap in the mountainside . 
 i toss him a small flashlight as i turn mine on . 
 `` come on . '' 
 bishop grins in the faint light , which is the exact look i wanted to get from him after i saw him frowning on his porch . 
 the temperature warms drastically as we step inside . 
 `` caves stay constant , so they 're warmer than outside in the winter and colder than outside in the summer . '' 
 the gray walls are rough , wet , and close . 
 i can touch both sides when i stretch out my arms , and can just barely stand upright . 
 even our flashlights do n't push away much of the darkness . 
 `` is it safe ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` are you scared ? '' 
 i lightly punch him in the chest , suddenly very aware that it 's only the two of us , and he 's a bit close . 
 and has one sexy smile . 
 flits of nerves hit again , and i step back , not having any idea what to do about them . 
 he makes his scoffing noise , but i 'm not totally buying his bravado . 
 `` no . 
 i just do n't want to die inside a mountain in alaska , that 's all . '' 
 i spin and light up his face , making him squint . 
 `` so , where do you want to die ? '' 
 he laughs and pushes my flashlight away . 
 `` warm , happy , on a beach , with a hot girl . 
 or a few . '' 
 a bubble of happiness fills me because i got bishop laughing . 
 `` of course . '' 
 we 're in about fifty feet in from the entrance now and the rusted rails for the mining cars appear out of the dirt . 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 he looks down . 
 `` is this an old mine ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i love this place . 
 it has n't been used since the forties , but they did tours when i was little . 
 the lodge we passed was open when i was a kid . 
 we used to snowmachine up here with my dad to get burgers . '' 
 bishop opens his mouth , i 'm sure to ask about dad , but closes it again . 
 i do n't realize i 'm holding my breath until i let it out . 
 bringing up dad is n't a good idea in front of someone i do n't know well . 
 or , really , anyone . 
 `` anyway . 
 it makes me sad that the place shut down . '' 
 i sit on the dirt , which feels bizarre after snow being on the ground for so many months . 
 `` this has to be a big party spot , huh ? '' 
 he asks continuing to walk ahead . 
 `` too far out . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` and a kid got lost in here about four years ago , so it turned into one of those crazy ghost stories that scares the shit out of everyone . '' 
 i shine my light on bishop 's back as he keeps walking . 
 `` and after that first kid disappeared , every time we came out to party , we lost someone . '' 
 he stops . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i laugh which sounds sort of like a weird , girly giggle before i make myself stop . 
 `` i 'm messing with you , california boy . '' 
 he shakes his head and turns toward me . 
 `` you ca n't help yourself , can you ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 i stand . 
 `` wan na see the lodge ? '' 
 `` can we get in ? '' 
 he starts to move back my way . 
 i 'm biting my lip again to hold in my smile knowing what his reaction will be . 
 `` garrett 's the realtor , and i know him , so i know where the key 's hidden . '' 
 `` of course you do . '' 
 ... i both love and hate walking through this old place . 
 i see my dad in here , laughing with mom , feeding her fries over the table . 
 ten is too young to lose your dad . 
 our flashlights make crazy shapes on the walls as we move through the tables and chairs covered in dust . 
 the windowpanes are so filthy that our light barely reflects off them as the beams follow lines on the walls . 
 i 've never gone to the rooms upstairs-the empty place is a bit creepy-especially in the dark . 
 `` this could be so cool . '' 
 bishop turns around , letting his light shine across the wooden bar , the chairs , and tables . 
 `` could be , '' i agree . 
 `` it was . '' 
 `` you could have a small stage over here , you know , musical talent and stuff . '' 
 he 's picturing it all right now . 
 differently than i am because i 'm thinking about what it used to be , and he 's thinking about what it could be . 
 i turn to see where he 's looking . 
 there used to be a jukebox there . 
 an old one . 
 `` and rooms upstairs ? '' 
 he points his flashlight at the ceiling and looks up . 
 `` yeah . 
 and then '' - i point to the far wall - `` there 's an owner 's house back there . 
 it is n't much , but it would be awesome . '' 
 `` another piece of penny jones falls into place . '' 
 then he looks confused like he does n't like that he 's figuring me out . 
 `` you really love it here in alaska , do n't you ? 
 i mean , i know you said you wanted to stay , but it 's deeper than just a want for you . '' 
 his flashlight beam hits me in the eyes , blinding me . 
 i cover my face until he points it away . 
 he gets it . 
 it 's so crazy how he understands what people i 've known my whole life do n't . 
 `` i do love it here . '' 
 i nod . 
 but i 'm getting this edgy feeling in my chest , like our conversation might go too far . 
 maybe i could just redirect . 
 `` so . '' 
 i turn to face him in the dusty dining room . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 maybe he 'll answer a direct question since all my sideways ones do n't seem to work . 
 `` i 'm bishop . '' 
 his voice sounds serious , and his eyes do n't leave mine . 
 and even in the dim light made by our flashlights , and the odd shadows moving around between the chairs , his dark brown eyes are deep . 
 and i bet he feels deep , too . 
 `` yeah . 
 i got that part . 
 bishop ripe from california . '' 
 i 'm settling into the fact that this guy is a bit of a mystery , and it does n't bother me as much as it should . 
 maybe it 's that he 's temporary , so it does n't matter . 
 maybe i 'm actually mellowing out . 
 `` yeah , '' he answers . 
 or maybe i 'm not mellowing because i really want more information and everything 's turning up in dead-ends . 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 `` there 's not a lot to know . '' 
 this cool tension in the air has become an interesting part of being around bishop . 
 `` there 's more to you . 
 and once i decide i need to know , i 'll figure you out . '' 
 whatever hint of a smile he used to have is gone . 
 `` i do n't doubt it . '' 
 i spin and move back toward the exit , feeling a bit like we 've talked a step too deep on both ends , and i do n't think that 's what either of us wants today . 
 `` but penny ? '' 
 when i turn to face him , he actually looks vulnerable . 
 i stop and suck in a breath , afraid to speak . 
 `` do n't dig , okay ? 
 not yet . '' 
 he swallows once and the air between us is so still that i hear his weight slowly shift . 
 `` please . '' 
 i was n't expecting the `` please . '' 
 the look on his face softens everything in me . 
 what could be so bad ? 
 why is he hiding ? 
 i want to make some smart remark , but even i know now 's not the time . 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 the sudden seriousness between us is n't what i wanted tonight . 
 the handle is still frozen cold as i pull open the door . 
 i need to do something to lighten things up , but i do n't know what to say . 
 not after he laid himself out like that . 
 i glance over my shoulder , suddenly knowing exactly how to handle this . 
 `` now you can try to keep up on the way back . '' 
 `` or since i know the way-you can try to keep up with me . '' 
 despite his grouchy exterior , i think i 'm starting to like him . 
 chapter nine bishop penny is nuts . 
 badass and gorgeous , but she 's totally nuts . 
 it 's wild that i like that about her , but she 's fun in a way i do n't ever remember having . 
 things are simple with her , and even though i did n't realize it before , i think i might need simple . 
 when were things simple for you , bishop riley ? 
 working with gramps pops into my head . 
 and riding with penny . 
 even my lame nature walks with gary . 
 if he asked me that same question in this moment , i think i would tell him right now . 
 right now is when things are simple . 
 thoughts like that send shivers down my spine . 
 easy , yes , but easy is n't better . 
 l.a. is fun . 
 i like fun . 
 the only reason i 'm doing okay here is because i like giving penny shit . 
 i do n't know who else i would have enjoyed beating as much as i liked winning our race back to the house the other night . 
 yeah , that 's right . 
 i won . 
 not by much , but a win is a win . 
 and damn it felt good . 
 as good as i can remember feeling in way too long . 
 my mind flashes back to the lodge-watching her practically break into the place . 
 key or no key , i 'm pretty sure we could have gotten into trouble for being in there , but like everything else , she pushed in with no fear . 
 i wonder if she 's scared of anything . 
 well , except maybe leaving home . 
 my cell rings and i hit the button without looking at who it is . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` bishop . 
 hey , sweetie . 
 how are you ? '' 
 mom 's voice sounds uncertain , and nausea replaces the calm i just felt . 
 every time i talk to her , i feel like shit . 
 hate that even though things are n't as bad as she seems to think they are , i 'm disappointing her . 
 she always believed in me , and it sucks that she does n't anymore . 
 i could have almost died ... would dad still leave her alone if i was n't around ? 
 i shake those thoughts from my head . 
 i did n't die , and they were probably exaggerating . 
 `` hey , ma . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 do i need a reason to call my son ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` that 's what i thought . '' 
 there 's laughter in her voice . 
 `` i miss you , bishop . '' 
 `` then let me come home . '' 
 the words automatically pop out of my mouth , and then i feel guilty . 
 i do n't want to take anything out on her , plus , well , i 'm actually having a little fun right now . 
 the thought of going back to don 's demands , the band , all the traveling ... maybe i can look at this like a little vacation . 
 but then considering dad called before everything went down , i should be with her instead . 
 relax , bishop . 
 don will help take care of her , like he does when you 're on tour . 
 `` sorry . 
 i did n't mean that . 
 i just woke up from a nap , so my head 's a little foggy . '' 
 she sighs . 
 `` that 's okay . 
 i talked to gary . 
 he says you 're doing well . 
 that you 've made some friends there and you 've been snowmobiling . 
 that 's good , bishop . 
 you could use that . 
 friends , fun . '' 
 snowmachining . 
 it 's snowmachining . 
 i scratch my head , not sure what to say . 
 `` i have friends and fun at home . '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 there 's no doubt in my mind what she means by that question . 
 she 's asking if maryanne is really a friend . 
 the guys do n't seem to think so . 
 are they really my friends ? 
 i mean , we 're cool . 
 we 've been tight for a year and a half , but none of them except blake came to me before telling don they thought i had a problem . 
 blake was always calling and checking in with me . 
 `` i wonder if i did the right thing . '' 
 mom 's voice is soft , unsure . 
 `` if i should have let you join so young . 
 if it would have been better if you finished school first instead of just getting your ged . 
 maybe things would have been different if you 'd been older . '' 
 my chest tightens . 
 `` everything 's fine . 
 i would have fought you over it if you tried to stop me . 
 you did n't do anything wrong . 
 plus ... it helped . 
 it got dad off our backs . '' 
 she makes a soft sniffing sound , and i know she 's crying . 
 i hate that sound . 
 the need to wipe it away takes me over . 
 `` and this ? 
 the alaska thing ? 
 i 'm actually having fun . 
 you did good , mom . 
 you did good . '' 
 ... i 'm a little on edge after my conversation with mom . 
 on reflex , i pick up my phone and call pat . 
 i called him to ask about some drumsticks , and we 've kind of kept talking since . 
 his love of music is unreal . 
 he 's pretty cool for not telling anyone who i am . 
 when he does n't answer , i toss my cell on the table . 
 my package from maryanne still has n't come , and i 've been out of pills for a couple days . 
 which has been okay . 
 i 've been so busy with gramps and snowmachining and stuff , i have n't even thought about it . 
 much . 
 and i 'd still be okay now if it was n't for talking to mom ... and the game tonight . 
 i 'm sketchy that someone 's going to recognize me . 
 i do n't want to , but i know i need to go to gary . 
 it takes about thirty seconds to get to his cabin . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he pulls open the door . 
 i 'm surprised when i walk in and see troy 's here . 
 nice . 
 gary 's getting a booty-call while he 's supposed to be helping me . 
 and maybe i should hate troy , because he 's the reason i 'm in alaska instead of a beach for my vacation . 
 but then i think about penny and the snowmachining and gramps , and i realize i might not be as pissed as i used to be . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 troy nods his head at me from the couch . 
 `` how do you like my hometown ? '' 
 he 's always been quiet , and i 'm wondering if this is the first time i 've heard him speak . 
 `` yeah ... it 's good ... i. . . '' 
 ... have no idea what to say to him . 
 i heard you like to climb trees does n't sound real good . 
 luckily , gary saves me . 
 `` bishop ripe . 
 how are you this fine day ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` funny . 
 listen , i 'm ... '' i look over at troy to see if he 's watching us . 
 it 's embarrassing as hell that i ca n't even take my doctor-prescribed anxiety meds without my babysitter 's permission . 
 with a lowered voice , i lean toward him , `` i 'm not feeling too hot . 
 can i get one of my pills ? '' 
 gary looks at me , his eyes crinkling a little around the edges . 
 `` yeah ... sure . 
 come with me . '' 
 i follow him to his room , and he shakes one pill into my hand . 
 i put it under my tongue and it starts to melt . 
 it tastes like shit but works a lot faster this way . 
 `` thanks , man . '' 
 i pause for a minute , words struggling to come out . 
 `` so you really used to do this ? 
 help people who have a problem ? 
 i mean , i do n't . 
 i think that 's pretty obvious , but it was your job ? '' 
 even though gary and i walk daily , and we have our weekly chats , he does n't talk about his job . 
 all the articles he writes are about his experiences in helping people . 
 up here , it does n't feel like he 's really working , sometimes . 
 he nods , studying me . 
 i think it 's the most serious i 've ever seen gary . 
 `` i did . 
 it did n't last very long . 
 it 's tough work . 
 rewarding and i loved it , but hard . 
 it suits me better to write about it , i think . 
 listen , i know there 's more going on in that head of yours than you 're sharing . 
 i 've been easy on you , but maybe we should dig a little deeper next time we talk . 
 it will help . 
 i want to help - '' i cut him off . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i 'm heading over to work on the corvette with gramps for a while , and then i 'm going to penny 's hockey game . '' 
 i 'm eighteen years old , and it 's ridiculous i 'm practically asking for permission . 
 `` do you want troy and me to go with you ? 
 or troy would n't mind staying here and you and i could hang . 
 it 'd be fun . '' 
 nope . 
 definitely not my idea of a good time to have my babysitter go with me . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm good . '' 
 more eye crinkles before i get a simple nod . 
 `` check in with me before you go and when you get home . 
 i 'll also be calling you , and i expect you to answer within two rings . 
 and what i said about our next chat-it 's important and it 's happening . '' 
 anger pulls and tugs at my insides , but i bite my tongue before nodding , then i turn . 
 i 'm almost to the door when gary calls out , `` hey , ripe . 
 i 'm proud of you . 
 you 're doing good . '' 
 i give him a nod before walking out . 
 he 's the second person who said that to me . 
 i actually feel guilty . 
 he would n't be saying it if he knew about the beer i drank and that i 'm waiting for a package of f ** king pills to come in the mail . 
 ... i 've been working with gramps for a few hours when he thumps me on the forehead . 
 `` what the hell was that for ? '' 
 i jerk back , rubbing the spot . 
 `` what 's going on in that head of yours today , rookie ? 
 you 're not being your usual charming self . '' 
 i almost crack a smile at the nickname . 
 instead , i stand , crossing my arms , not caring that i 'm getting grease all over my clothes . 
 `` me ? 
 charming ? '' 
 gramps does n't laugh the way i want him to . 
 he 's right . 
 i 'm feeling on edge , and i do n't know why . 
 i keep thinking about mom , gary , pills , hockey , penny , the band , alaska , maryanne , and whatever else i can jam into my over-packed brain . 
 my thoughts are being tugged in a million different directions , and it makes me want to crawl out of my own skin . 
 `` you might fool some people , but not me . '' 
 he walks over , falls into a chair , and i do the same . 
 `` how you doing , kid ? '' 
 it does n't bother me , like it does with don , when he calls me kid . 
 i shrug . 
 `` okay , i guess . 
 i mean , i 'm good , i. . . '' 
 i what ? 
 i do n't even f ** king know what 's wrong with me . 
 `` did i ever tell you i was in two wars ? '' 
 he has , but i do n't want to embarrass him by pointing out we 've talked about it a lot . 
 `` no , but being as old as you are , i figured . '' 
 this time , gramps laughs . 
 `` smartass . 
 like i was saying , i was in the war . 
 tough shit , it was . 
 people think they know , but they do n't . 
 if you were n't there-in any war , there 's no way of knowing what soldiers go through . 
 i think that 's the way it is about most people . 
 it 's easy to sit back and think you know what they 're dealing with , but you do n't . 
 not unless you walk in their shoes , and most people are n't willing to borrow someone else 's . '' 
 i nod , wondering where this is going , but knowing he 's right . 
 `` when i came home , i was all screwed up in the head . 
 drank a lot , trying to deal . 
 of course , that never works , does it ? 
 i was n't nice to a lot of people . 
 blamed a lot of people . 
 it was a hard coupl ' a years . 
 but then i met a woman-no , not just a woman , the right woman , and she woke my dumb ass up . 
 i got better , not just for her , but for me . 
 i know what it 's like to struggle , rookie . '' 
 my leg is bouncing up and down like crazy . 
 my vision goes blurry . 
 he knows . 
 well , not that i have a problem , because i do n't , but he knows why i 'm here . 
 that everyone thinks i need it . 
 fear that he 'll ask me to leave scrapes at my spine . 
 `` i 'm not saying i know what you 've been through . 
 not sure your shoes would fit , but what i am saying - '' he rubs his long beard . 
 `` i 'm here . 
 you ever want to talk , scream , whatever . 
 i 'm here . '' 
 he does n't have to offer that . 
 i 'm not gramps 's responsibility like i 'm gary 's . 
 my mouth opens . 
 closes . 
 i should want to tell him i 'll never need to talk . 
 that i 'm fine . 
 the urge to thank him ghosts through me as well . 
 it 's strange because i sort of want to talk to him , but i 'm not even sure what about . 
 there 's no reason . 
 i was n't in a war , never been through something really bad . 
 i 'm just me . 
 amazingly , gramps seems to know i 'm not ready . 
 he stands back up and claps his hand down on my shoulder . 
 `` i know about that damn band of yours , too . 
 think you 're so tricky , but no one gets anything past me . 
 now get your butt back over here and help me finish before that hockey game starts . '' 
 panic squeezes me for a second , but then ... just lets go . 
 i trust him . 
 really trust him . 
 without a word , i do what he says . 
 ... the arena is packed with people squeezed in so tight i can hardly breathe . 
 christ , i 'm not even on stage , the crowd is n't even for me , and it still makes me want to lose my shit . 
 this is pretty cool , though . 
 i 've never been to a hockey game before , so i try to focus on the ice and not the people screaming around me . 
 try not to hear them chanting my name when i know they 're not . 
 when the players come out , i try and figure out which one is penny . 
 gramps sits between me and penny 's mom and points penny out to me right before they toss the puck and all hell breaks loose . 
 no joke . 
 all . 
 hell . 
 people are flying around the ice , pushing and shoving at each other . 
 i 've watched hockey on tv , but it 's nothing compared to seeing it in real life . 
 they slam so hard that the plastic vibrates . 
 i kind of want to jump out there and remind them there 's a girl out there with them , but then i think about penny and know if i did that , she 'd be going after me with her hockey stick . 
 she 's no joke , either . 
 she can take these guys . 
 they should be the ones who are scared . 
 so instead of making a fool out of myself by busting out on the ice , i pull my hat lower on my head , hoping it 'll help make it so no one recognizes me . 
 penny gets shoved over , hits the wall and after falling on her stomach , does n't even pause before getting up . 
 four minutes into the game , she gets put in the penalty box , and gramps stands up and yells , `` that 's my girl ! '' 
 she 's fast . 
 faster than any of the guys out there . 
 it 's awesome . 
 i forget about the crowd , pills , mom , don , gary , the band , maryanne , and everything else . 
 there 's no room for anything else in my head right now . 
 i do n't want anything else there . 
 i just stand here and watch her fly . 
 chapter ten penny we win 2-1 , and the crowd goes insane as we skate toward the exit . 
 one of those goals was mine in the first , just after i was let out of the box . 
 the other was mitch 's in the second . 
 those barrow kids were out for blood . 
 i 'm going to hurt tomorrow . 
 it 's a good thing we have a couple weeks before state . 
 the guys are still smacking each other , and i rip off my helmet so i can breathe . 
 my hair sticks to my face and neck . 
 i 'm hot and need out of my gear , but people press in close . 
 i 'm shaking hands and nodding and smiling like i might actually be absorbing some of what people are yelling over the noise of the crowd . 
 `` lucky penny ! '' 
 chomps kisses the back of my sweaty head and half the team follows suit . 
 matt deserves some high-fives as well . 
 he kicked ass tonight . 
 i turn to see mom and gramps making their way through the crowd of tightly packed people , and my high slows . 
 `` mom . 
 you 're in scrubs ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` are you ever not working ? '' 
 it should n't matter , i 'll be going out with the guys tonight anyway , but still . 
 she pulls her mouth into a small frown . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i 'll be home tomorrow , and i should be awake in the afternoon . '' 
 i 'm straining to hear her over the noise . 
 `` okay . '' 
 mom glances behind her again , but there are people everywhere . 
 `` nice job , penny . '' 
 a guy reaches around mom to shake my hand . 
 `` yeah , thanks . 
 ben , right ? '' 
 i think i remember this guy as someone mom and dad went to high school with or something . 
 he starts to speak , but there are voices shouting and music playing over the loudspeakers , and it 's all too much . 
 mitch grabs my waist , pulling me backward , and i scream in surprise . 
 in seconds , i 'm also pushing off matt and chomps and half the team as i head for our bench and my skate guards . 
 `` we 'll see you at home ! 
 love you ! '' 
 mom calls as i 'm buried in guy smell , hockey gloves , and sweaty gear . 
 i slide on my guards when i see bishop looking a bit wide-eyed and twitchy off the side of the rink . 
 i get two more slaps on the back as i head to the corner bishop 's in . 
 only there 's still a sea of people in here all telling me congrats , and i 'm starting to feel like i just need to get to him . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 i ask , when i finally make it to where he 's half-plastered against the wall , knowing something big is definitely going on . 
 `` i need air . 
 i mean out . 
 air . '' 
 he gestures with his hand and wo n't look at me . 
 `` uh ... i need a shower , '' i tease , but he does n't react , so maybe this is not a teasing kind of thing . 
 he looks all amped up on something . 
 his eyes wo n't focus on anything , and he ca n't stand still . 
 `` it 's cool . 
 i 'll ... '' but it 's obviously not cool . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 i take his hand in mine , and he squeezes me with a death grip . 
 i 'd never tell him that , of course . 
 `` yeah . 
 thanks . '' 
 he hardly gets the words out . 
 i lead him out the back door . 
 the first thing he does after relinquishing my hand is light a cigarette with shaky fingers . 
 i nearly try to hug him to see if it helps , only bishop and i do n't touch that way . 
 i have no idea what to do . 
 we walk in silence toward my truck , where it 's parked in employee of the month parking because i know rick , and he 's almost always employee of the month and does n't mind . 
 bishop drops his half-smoked cigarette in the snow , gets in the passenger 's side , jerks off his hat , and immediately slumps in the seat with his eyes closed . 
 holding onto the open door , i wait for him to say something . 
 he 's starting to freak me out a bit . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 you 're not going to hurl in my car , are you ? '' 
 `` shit . 
 i just needed out . 
 air . 
 crowds . '' 
 he does this weird breathing thing . 
 in . 
 out . 
 in . 
 out . 
 i still want to touch him , but i 'm afraid to . 
 i reach in like three times until i remember what works for me . 
 `` punch something . 
 that breathing shit never works . '' 
 he shakes his head like he 's trying but still does n't look at me . 
 `` damn ... you 're something else . '' 
 a few random shouts and the sound of car engines starting swirl around us . 
 neither of us speaks for long enough that it 's starting to get weird , and i get this need to break the silence . 
 `` crowds freak you out ? '' 
 i ask slowly . 
 `` i 'd rather not use the words ` freak out . ' '' 
 his eyes close again , and his hands tremble in his lap . 
 it 's awkward to stand in all my gear , but i also ca n't leave him . 
 `` is this where you tell me who you are ? 
 why you 're up here renting out all the cabins even though they 'd be empty anyway ? '' 
 he lets out another desperate sounding chuckle . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` i 'm going to shower so i do n't stink up the truck . 
 oh ! 
 these were dropped off at my school . 
 they 're from pat . '' 
 i dig in the side pocket of the passenger door for the drumsticks and hand them over . 
 bishop takes them and immediately starts twirling the sticks , still with his eyes closed and still with the weird breathing . 
 `` nice of him . '' 
 `` i think he has a crush on you , '' i tease . 
 `` he 's cool to talk to . 
 we 're both into music . '' 
 they talk ? 
 he spins the sticks a few more times before blinking and then closing his eyes again like he 's not ready to see the world . 
 `` you were wild out there , penny . 
 fuck , that 's crazy , you know ? '' 
 the high from my game slams into me again , and with it comes the thought that he gets it . 
 or is maybe trying to . 
 `` it 's why i love it . '' 
 he nods and keeps twirling , eyes still closed , breathing still regulated , and starts beating soft rhythms on my dash . 
 at least he knows better than to slam those things onto bitty . 
 finally , after what feels like forever , he looks at me . 
 `` i get it ... why you wan na play here and why you want to be on a guys ' team . 
 you 're good . '' 
 and then he quickly turns away as though he said too much while i 'm dying inside . 
 he gets it . 
 this guy who barely knows me gets it when no one else does . 
 i do n't know what to say . 
 `` give me ten minutes to shower and get my gear . 
 k ? '' 
 he stares at his drumsticks , letting out another slow breath and attempting a smile that looks more like a grimace , but at least he 's trying . 
 `` want any help with that ? '' 
 i get a flash of what it would be like to have him helping me . 
 his fingers on the skin of my shoulder , and his dark eyes staring into me the way they did the night i sat in the hot tub and he told me i could do anything . 
 there 's a tension and a want in the nerves that course through me at my over-active imagination that i do n't know how to deal with . 
 my cheeks flush before i can find words . 
 `` you must be feeling better . '' 
 his eyes finally meet mine , and vulnerable bishop is back . 
 the one who makes my legs go weak . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i have to exit the situation because it 's suddenly so intense i do n't know what to do . 
 having a guy crush on me is one thing . 
 having him get me and my decisions is something else entirely . 
 this was n't part of my plan . 
 `` see you in ten . '' 
 ... since dropping bishop off at his cabin , i 've done nothing but try to redirect my thoughts with the help of some ridiculously loud music . 
 i do n't want to be thrown off by someone i just met . 
 i know what i want . 
 i want the future i 've always relied on , and some of that future depends on a guy at this party , not a guy i do n't know . 
 by the time i pull into matt 's , my head is relatively clear , and i 'm finally ready to celebrate instead of over-thinking about someone i should n't . 
 i find mitch , and my stomach starts twisting with a sense of urgency that hits me hard . 
 i have to do something . 
 say something . 
 we graduate in a few months . 
 he 'll leave for college . 
 it looks like i might leave for college . 
 my heart hits harder with each thought . 
 with how my future suddenly feels so uncertain . 
 he 's rehashing some part of the game , but his words get lost in my thoughts and the pounding music . 
 `` and then this girl . '' 
 he grabs me from the side and hugs me to him , kissing my forehead . 
 chalk one more action up to confusing . 
 `` made that insane goal in the first - '' his voice fades out as i breathe him in , only ... only it does n't feel like i thought it would . 
 not tingly and exciting . 
 when mitch 's hand drops from around my shoulders , he hands me the bag of keys . 
 he knows the drill-he got here first , so he picked up keys . 
 routine . 
 safety . 
 `` thanks , '' i say blinking stupidly at the mesh sack in my hand . 
 the guys keep going over plays , which i normally love but i 'm still staring at the bag of keys like i know something 's different , even though i ca n't put my finger on it yet . 
 `` holy shit ! 
 becca ! 
 how 'd you get out ? '' 
 mitch sprints to the front door , leaping over the couch on his way , and scoops her off the floor . 
 he walked away from me without a second glance and is now looking at her like ... like ... like i know he 'll never look at me . 
 it feels as if someone punched me in the gut because it seems official now . 
 he 's left me for her . 
 and i guess ... i do n't even know what to think about it because it feels both easier and shittier than i expected . 
 but maybe that 's the point . 
 i expected . 
 i 'm not even sure why this is different from yesterday when he held her or the day before . 
 if it has something to do with me , or with them , or maybe it has to do with the fact that mitch 's future is looking more solid all the time , and i 'm not sure how much a part of it i 'll be . 
 that 's the part that 's sucking the air from my lungs and feels so horribly unexpected . 
 `` what 's that face ? '' 
 chomps pushes my shoulder . 
 `` just need some air . 
 i do n't think everyone in here actually showered , '' i try to tease , but my voice comes out weird . 
 the cold air tingles on my skin as i step onto the porch , and the voices and music lower to a steady , unrecognizable hum . 
 before thinking , i go to the cooler on the porch and grab a beer for something to do . 
 no ice in here . 
 at these temps , it 's more a problem of them all freezing . 
 sort of funny that we use coolers in the winter to keep stuff warm . 
 i 'm pathetically trying to distract myself from the gnawing at my insides over ... what ... change ? 
 no , not change . 
 confusion . 
 it 's confusion and not knowing what to expect about anything , which is stupid . 
 whatever 's happening or not happening between mitch and me is n't everything . 
 it 's one thing . 
 it 's just that mitch was one of the few things that i thought i 'd always be able to count on . 
 my gaze goes to the window again where i expect to see mitch and rebecca in some corner , trying to eat the other 's faces , but instead they 're dancing . 
 slow and awkward because mitch would n't know how to dance any other way , but he 's holding her like she 's everything . 
 eyes closed , knowing the team 's going to give him shit for it later . 
 there 's an odd sort of detached realization that i do n't want to be standing in becca 's place , but also that i do n't want to be ignored by my best friend . 
 i have no idea how to reconcile my feelings yet . 
 how to really want one without the other . 
 i slide my fingers over the tab on the top of the beer , but all i can think about is dad . 
 how i lost him because some stupid a ** hole wanted to get wasted at a party . 
 my hands feel shaky as i set the beer in the cooler and push my way back inside . 
 i shove the keys at trinna and chomps . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 matt grabs me in a sideways hug . 
 `` you just got here ! '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i know . '' 
 i glance toward mitch again . 
 he does n't even see that i 'm leaving . 
 that i 'm upset . 
 the guy who answers my texts the second i hit send probably wo n't know i left . 
 i shove matt off and head for the door , needing out . 
 home . 
 ... my chest sinks when i pull into the driveway , and mom 's car is n't here . 
 again . 
 i feel even stupider because i knew she was working when she showed up to the game in scrubs . 
 i keep trying to pull in a full , real breath . 
 like air will somehow stop all the mess inside me . 
 it does n't , but it does slow it down . 
 i 'll say goodnight to gramps and then crawl into bed . 
 i can do this . 
 as i get closer to the house , i hear my music playing instead of gramps 's country music . 
 that 's ... odd . 
 since when does he like rock ? 
 the lights in gramps 's trailer are on , but the door 's open , so i do n't think he 's in there . 
 i jog up the stairs , and panic seizes my chest . 
 gramps is dancing without a piece of clothing on . 
 his droopy butt cheeks wiggle with each move , and i 'm just thankful his back 's to me . 
 this is new . 
 and definitely not good . 
 what am i supposed to do ? 
 my body starts to go numb because i realize this is all going to be my responsibility . 
 the reality of this situation grips at my chest , and all i can think is please do n't let him remember this . 
 i fumble with my phone as i pull it from my pocket and dial mom . 
 her voicemail picks up . 
 no . 
 no . 
 no ! 
 it actually hurts to even type the words . 
 grmps dncing naked . 
 what do i do ? 
 my phone buzzes in a call . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry , honey . 
 i 'm one of two nurses in labor and delivery , and we have two women in here . 
 there 's no way i can leave . 
 not right now . 
 try to get him to take a sleeping pill , cover him up , and i 'll get home as soon as i can ... '' i hear muffled sounds in the background before mom comes back on . 
 `` hold on a sec . '' 
 `` um ... '' i do n't want to try to give my nak * d gramps a sleeping pill . 
 i keep mom on but go to messages on my phone . 
 i send mitch a quick , desperate text because i do n't want to do this alone . 
 need help w grmps . 
 plse come . 
 i choke as another sob tries to work its way up . 
 i have to be stronger than this . 
 `` i 'm back , '' mom says . 
 `` let me call someone to help , okay ? '' 
 guilt is all over her voice . 
 `` no , no . 
 it 's cool , '' i lie . 
 `` i can do it . 
 mitch will come . '' 
 `` penny , honey . 
 really . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 mom pulls in a breath and starts talking again , but gramps spins to face me , his eyes as big as his smile . 
 `` lucky penny ! 
 how are you ? '' 
 `` got ta go , mom . '' 
 i stuff my phone in pocket , my insides shaking again , and try to find something in me that can deal with this . 
 and to not look down too far . 
 still no text back from mitch . 
 now what ? 
 chapter eleven bishop i 'm officially a loser . 
 what kind of guy loses it at a hockey game and ca n't even hang out afterward ? 
 but i knew going to the party would n't have been a good idea . 
 gary would have freaked out . 
 penny 's truck pulls in front of her house , and she runs inside . 
 i do n't know what it is , but there 's something pulling me to her house . 
 it was cool of her to try to get me to hang out with them , and the way she tried to help when i lost it . 
 gramps would expect more of me , bailing the way i did again , and i do n't want to let him down . 
 he 's keeping my secrets and well-shit , i want to see her . 
 i 'm lonely , so f ** king lonely in these tiny walls , my friends a thousand miles away . 
 gary next door with troy . 
 i even called pat again when i got home from the game . 
 he offered to come get me after my bullshit excuse of no car , but i told him no . 
 now i wish i had n't . 
 it feels like everyone in alaska has someone to be with but me . 
 which is probably my own fault , but still . 
 i reach for my cigarettes but decide against them before i head for the door . 
 it 's late-well , not late if you consider the fact that she went to a party tonight , but late enough that i should n't be going over to her house . 
 still , she just got home , and i 'm sure gramps wo n't care . 
 her mom 's car is gone , so i think it 's okay . 
 music blares from inside the house and for a minute i wonder if they moved the party here before-oh , shit . 
 they 're listening to me . 
 not just me , i guess , but my band . 
 thinking of how she 'll react if she knows makes my gut ache . 
 everything will change if she knows . 
 it 'll suck if she starts treating me the way other girls do . 
 will she not give me shit and ride snowmachines and stuff with me if she knows i 'm bishop riley , pill-head and drummer for burn instead of bishop ripe , moody guy from california ? 
 wait . 
 pill-head ? 
 `` gramps ! 
 come here ! 
 you ca n't go out there ! '' 
 penny screams fanatically . 
 the sound of her voice , the hitch of pain in it makes me shove the door open . 
 i 'll probably regret it when she yells at me for walking into her house , but something does n't feel right . 
 gramps runs around the corner toward the door , buck-naked . 
 like seriously nak * d , and i definitely do n't think i should have walked in , but the wild look in his eyes is n't the gramps i know . 
 `` i 'm a grown man ! 
 i know what i 'm doing . '' 
 there 's a hard edge to his voice i never expected to hear from him . 
 penny rounds the corner next and her red-rimmed eyes catch mine . 
 all sorts of things flash across her face : pain , embarrassment , fear , anger , and it does n't even bother me that i can read her because this ? 
 this is serious . 
 something is wrong with gramps . 
 i 'm frozen , not sure what to do , standing in their open doorway , cold air flooding inside . 
 my music pumping through the speakers with a nak * d gramps and a broken penny standing in front of me . 
 no , not broken , but cracked . 
 i do n't think anything can completely break her . 
 `` get out ! '' 
 she stomps toward me . 
 `` this is n't your business . '' 
 she 's right in front of me and i 'm still stuck in the same place . 
 i see her chin quiver and then gramps 's head drops like he 's confused . 
 `` pen - '' `` please ? '' 
 her voice cracks as she speaks . 
 `` i do n't want you to see him like this . '' 
 one tear , just one brims over and trickles down her face . 
 i want to wipe it away . 
 i want to fix this , in a way i ca n't fix anything else in my life . 
 `` let me help . 
 you should n't have to do this alone . '' 
 there are so many questions shoving their way into my head right now : what is this ? 
 how often does it happen ? 
 but right now , none of it matters . 
 the only things that do are gramps and penny . 
 she wipes her eyes , even though there are n't more tears . 
 i wish i knew how she does it . 
 she 's like a brick wall , so strong and sturdy . 
 `` he would n't want you to see him like this . '' 
 she right , but it 's still not okay to leave her with it . 
 `` and like i said , you should n't have to deal with it alone . '' 
 my hand is shaking , but this time not because of anxiety or the need to be medicated , but because i want to touch her . 
 feel the soft skin that holds in so much strength . 
 i 've spent weeks here , and i never would have imagined she lived with something like this going on . 
 `` do n't talk about me like i 'm not here . 
 i 'm not a damn kid ! 
 if i want to go outside , i can damn well go outside . '' 
 gramps is coming our way now . 
 i do n't wait for penny 's permission and step around her to head him off . 
 `` where ya goin ' old man ? '' 
 i try to tease but it comes out flat . 
 hopefully , he does n't catch on . 
 `` it 's cold as hell out there . 
 you wan na go out , we 'll go out , but let 's get your working clothes on . 
 that engine is way too greasy . '' 
 i have no idea what i 'm saying . 
 if i sound like an idiot or if it will do any good , but it 's all that comes to me . 
 `` and what 's this shit you 're listening to ? 
 i thought you had good taste in music . '' 
 it 's a risk , bringing it up , but if the gramps i know is in there , it 'll work . 
 that secretive , cocky gramps grin curves one side of his mouth , and i think he 's in there . 
 whatever 's going on , the gramps who works with me on cars realizes this is funny-knows there 's something familiar and a private joke that he 's in on . 
 `` do n't call me old man , rookie , and you 're right ... the music is shit . '' 
 he laughs and the fist squeezing my chest tightens slightly . 
 `` it 's not that bad . 
 maybe you need to get your hearing aids changed . 
 now show me where your room is so we can find your stuff and go work on the car . '' 
 he wraps an arm around my shoulders , and i try and forget the fact that i have a nak * d old man next to me . 
 while we walk , i turn my head , trying to catch penny 's eyes and hoping i 'm doing the right thing . 
 she 's standing where i left her , her ripe , cherry red lips in an `` o , '' but i swear , there 's something different in her eyes . 
 something i 've never seen before when she looked at me . 
 gramps leads me to his room . 
 penny 's behind us . 
 things suddenly decide to go our way when i see there 's a pair of sweatpants laid out on gramps bed . 
 maybe he was changing when something switched in his brain . 
 is this normal ? 
 so many questions . 
 `` why do n't you put those on ? '' 
 i let go of him . 
 `` if you still feel like it , we can go work on the corvette after you 're dressed . '' 
 his eyelids flutter , and his shoulders slump , looking drained . 
 gramps sits on the bed and starts to put on the pants . 
 `` i 'm not feeling very well , son . 
 think we could put off the car till tomorrow ? '' 
 my body stiffens at the word son . 
 not in a bad way , but in a way that actually makes me feel like more than the bishop riley i thought about earlier . 
 more than any kind of bishop i 've ever been . 
 a better bishop . 
 `` absolutely . 
 i 'll be here . '' 
 `` i 'll help him into bed . '' 
 penny steps up beside me and touches my arm . 
 `` there 're some pills in his bathroom . 
 they 're color-coded . 
 i need the ones in the purple container . 
 can you grab them for me ? '' 
 `` yeah ... sure . '' 
 i 'm concentrating on the way it felt to hear him call me son and the feel of her hand against my skin that her words do n't sink in until i 'm standing in the bathroom , which i swear could double as a pharmacy . 
 sleeping pills , pain pills , i recognize them all . 
 my mouth gets dry . 
 my heart rate spikes . 
 i want them . 
 i ca n't believe how much . 
 it 's the stress . 
 has to be . 
 worrying about maryanne getting in trouble , the band , mom at home without me when dad had called not long before . 
 he 's been leaving us alone now , but what if he does n't ? 
 and gramps ... jesus , gramps . 
 i could take one and no one would notice . 
 i deserve that . 
 after this crazy night , i could use something to take the edge off . 
 my whole arm shakes when i pick up the container . 
 one , one , one . 
 i could take one . 
 that would n't be so bad . 
 the lid twists between my fingertips . 
 `` did you find it ? '' 
 penny calls from the other room . 
 her voice breaks through the daze taking me over . 
 shit . 
 `` umm ... yeah . 
 be right there . '' 
 i peek out of the room . 
 she 's not coming . 
 no one would know , especially if i do it right here . 
 drink some water from the sink or take it dry , and make this whole night disappear . 
 i want it to be gone . 
 not to have to know gramps goes through this . 
 gramps . 
 the guy i work on the corvette with every day . 
 the one who treats me like an equal and talks to me . 
 penny jumps into my head next . 
 she would n't be this damn weak . 
 there 's gary , too . 
 he just told me he 's proud of me . 
 and mom . 
 it would kill her to think of me downing pills , especially at a time like this . 
 it 's still a fight . 
 my fingers do n't want to obey , but i manage to toss the bottle on the counter . 
 i ca n't do it . 
 not from them . 
 but damn , i want to ... so bad . 
 i grab the purple container and get my ass out of the room as fast as i can . 
 my hands are quivering so bad it almost slips out of them a million times before i get it to penny . 
 `` here . 
 you good , now ? '' 
 please be okay . 
 i need to get out of here . 
 she gives me a small smile before giving gramps the pill . 
 he seems to be better now , more like himself . 
 he takes it before penny tells him goodnight . 
 we 're to the door before he says , `` lucky ? 
 bishop ? 
 i love you guys . '' 
 and then he closes his eyes . 
 i love you guys ... maybe he would n't if he knew what i wanted to do with his pills . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 penny does n't wait for my reply as she starts walking up the stairs . 
 i feel like shit . 
 i 'm confused , ashamed , and on edge . 
 my feet are begging to take me to gary 's again for my anxiety meds . 
 back in the house for gramps ... just to check on gramps , but i follow her anyway up to a smaller set of stairs-almost like a ladder . 
 she pushes open a door in the ceiling , and we crawl through into something the size of an apartment , but open with windows on all sides . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 i take in the open space , all the windows , and i bet if it was n't black outside , we could see forever from up here . 
 the walls are wood like everywhere else in the house , but there 's actually carpet instead of worn plywood floors . 
 `` gramps built it for me after my dad died , but first i was too young and did n't want to be here alone , and now my room is close to where gramps sleeps so i can listen for him . '' 
 there 're a few blankets and stacks of massive pillows on the ground . 
 she must come here often . 
 penny sits . 
 right as i 'm about to ask her what just happened , she says , `` thanks ... that was ... thanks . '' 
 i sit down next to her . 
 `` no problem . 
 what 's wrong with him ? '' 
 i hate the words because i do n't want anything to be wrong with him . 
 `` mild dementia . 
 the beginnings of alzheimer 's . 
 he 's fine most of the time , but he loses it sometimes . 
 i mean , he 's okay a lot , but once in a while he is n't , and tonight ... that 's new . '' 
 `` damn . 
 that sucks . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't know . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 there 's a soft light in the corner giving me just enough lighting to see her . 
 `` he would n't want you to . 
 it 's hard . 
 you know him . 
 he 's amazing . 
 it kills me to see him lose himself like that . '' 
 she blinks again before she pulls in this deep breath and tries to smile . 
 even now , she does n't want me to think she 's not tough . 
 `` yeah ... me too . '' 
 it also kills me to see her like this . 
 to know that she 's much more than the snow queen who has every guy in town wrapped around her finger . 
 which is bull because i 've known that , but this takes it to a whole new level . 
 she pulls her knees up , resting her forehead in her hands for a moment before straightening . 
 `` how did the night get so screwed up ? '' 
 damned if i do n't wish i had the answer for her . 
 all the answers to whatever she wants to know . 
 `` the game was incredible and then the stupid party ... and now gramps . 
 ugh ! 
 sometimes life sucks , ya know ? '' 
 story of my life . 
 `` yeah , i do know . '' 
 she turns to look at me . 
 her eyes are so blue , this wild shade that does n't seem real , and it 's like they can see through me , into me . 
 and i want to see into her . 
 to know what 's inside her , but i do n't . 
 all i do know is i need to take away the pained look in them . 
 to see them bright and happy like when we were on the snowmachines . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 she glances down , almost embarrassed , and it does something to me because she 's all strength and sure of herself , but i 'm making her cheeks pink and making her tongue sneak out of her mouth to trace her bottom lip . 
 `` you already said that . '' 
 and then she smiles , looking at me again . 
 `` you 're such a jerk . '' 
 and damned if i know what comes over me , but i ca n't stop myself from leaning forward . 
 from cupping her soft cheek and then pushing my hand through her white-blond hair . 
 the light glimmers off and then i do n't see , do n't know anything else , but the feel of her lips as i cover them with mine . 
 she gives me a startled `` oh '' and then opens up so i can slip my tongue inside . 
 my lip ring presses against her mouth . 
 she tastes sweet , but slightly salty like tears . 
 then her tongue is moving against mine , like she 's trying to taste every part of me the way i want to taste every part of her . 
 i suck her lip into my mouth , before my tongue moves in to explore her again . 
 everything else is forgotten , only calm and need pushing me , making me lean forward to taste her deeper . 
 one of my hands grabs her waist while the other slides behind her neck . 
 deeper , i want to get as deep as i can until suddenly her lips are gone . 
 `` bishop ... i ca n't ... not ... i just ca n't . '' 
 penny gives me one last look and then she gets up and walks out . 
 bishop riley f ** ks up again . 
 you 'd think i 'd be used to it by now . 
 chapter twelve penny i sit in first period , wishing i could go home . 
 what 's wrong with me ? 
 a guy i like kissed me . 
 while sober . 
 after helping with one of the worst nights of my life , and i said i ca n't ? 
 my kisses so far include one with mitch , which he did n't want , and a kiss that completely melted me from the inside out . 
 and that was the one i chose to reject ? 
 i have some serious damage . 
 it was too much . 
 too soon . 
 and gramps-logically i know he 's not going to get better , but his good days still make me hope . 
 and then nights like last night crush any ideas i have of him going back to how he was before the dementia started . 
 but when i think about last night , bishop sort of clouds over everything else . 
 it 's just that the kiss was intense . 
 i did n't know how much he 'd want . 
 how far he 'd want to go , and i panicked . 
 and without bishop , where would i have been with gramps ? 
 he was n't listening to me at all , and mitch never answered his text proving my theory that i 've lost him in a way i did n't expect . 
 i pull in a deep breath , trying to clear my thoughts . 
 i 'll tell bishop about why i backed away from his kiss after school , or at least hint that i 'm all for doing it again . 
 and try not to think about how i might have lost my best friend because he went from always being there to letting twelve hours go by without responding to my need for help . 
 the bell rings , and i jump . 
 crap . 
 good thing i do n't need this class to graduate , because i have no idea what we talked about today . 
 `` penny ? '' 
 mitch 's familiar voice crawls up my spine . 
 i do n't stop moving . 
 i was gearing up to talk to bishop , not mitch . 
 `` penny . '' 
 he grabs my arm , spinning me around with this big , worried , sad face he does so well . 
 `` is everything okay ? 
 i 'm sorry , i - '' i pull my arm from him and start up the hall . 
 `` check your texts , mitch . '' 
 if he gives me that sad face again , i 'll give him a black eye . 
 i hate it when he treats me like i 'm fragile . 
 it makes me feel breakable , which i despise . 
 i 'm not that girl . 
 i 'm the tough girl . 
 the world needs both kinds , right ? 
 only right now i feel like i could shatter . 
 `` penny . '' 
 he touches my arm again from behind , but i jerk it away because facing mitch right now might end in another wave of tears . 
 three more steps to the stairs . 
 `` dammit ! 
 penny ! '' 
 i start jogging down . 
 mitch is right on my tail . 
 i spin before he grabs me and knock his arm away because i ca n't handle the kind of excuse he 's about to give me . 
 `` i just want to talk , okay ? '' 
 his face is an even mix of the pity i hate and sadness . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 this time it 's me who steps toward him , and he backs up like i wanted him to , only i do n't want to be arguing with him at all . 
 he shrugs with his armful of books . 
 `` i just got your text this morning . 
 i 'm so sorry , pen . '' 
 i think about gramps and the dancing and how for the first time mitch did n't come when i called . 
 `` you left me , '' i whisper , only i did n't mean to . 
 the way dad left me . 
 the way mom 's leaving me now , and the way gramps 's memory is taking him away . 
 `` i left ? 
 penny , you 're the one who left the party . '' 
 he pulls in a deep breath as he leans back . 
 `` wait . 
 we 're talking about two different things . 
 i think . '' 
 i try to shake my head , but i 'm slowly going numb so i 'm not sure if it works . 
 `` how long did it take you notice i was gone ? 
 i got home to a nak * d gramps last night and you were the only person i knew to call . 
 and you did n't answer . '' 
 he stares at me for a moment , absorbing everything . 
 `` shit , sorry . 
 i did n't check my phone until this morning . 
 it 's that i - '' `` i do n't want your excuses right now . '' 
 i spin and walk away . 
 `` penny , '' he pleads . 
 i grit my teeth . 
 `` not . 
 right . 
 now . '' 
 i hear mitch 's books hit the ground about two seconds before his fist connects with the nearest locker . 
 mitch 's frustration or hurt or anger always ends in him bloodying his stupid knuckles . 
 and he should feel bad . 
 i feel hollowed out and horrible that he did n't answer when i needed him , but even as that thought goes through my head , i know it 's more than missing one text . 
 it 's all the things that ran through my head at the party last night . 
 how i 'm losing him along with everyone else . 
 `` i 'm sorry , penny , '' he calls . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 i 'm definitely not okay . 
 not yet . 
 ... `` penny ! '' 
 a girl yells from across the parking lot . 
 it 's hard to tell if it 's an angry yell , or a get-my-attention yell . 
 it 's not like i have a lot , or really any girls that are friends , so i spin around . 
 tiny little rebecca 's coming my way , her face flat . 
 not angry , not happy , just ... confused . 
 this is not what i need . 
 the snow 's almost gone on the roadways now , and the slush is getting all over her shoes , but she does n't seem to notice . 
 this surprises me because she 's someone who squeals at every tease , and the kind of person i 'd expect to be worried about shoes . 
 but do i actually want to talk to mitch 's girlfriend knowing she probably knows about my freak-out in the stairway ? 
 not so much . 
 i jerk open my truck door , and she sprints to where i 'm standing . 
 `` no ! 
 wait ! '' 
 `` i have nothing to say to you . '' 
 i tighten my jaw but do n't climb in . 
 why am i not climbing in ? 
 `` yeah ? 
 well have a whole lot to say to you . '' 
 she sticks her chin out , but she 's about six inches shorter than i am , so her action impresses me a bit because she 's not backing down . 
 this whole situation is ... it 's just so cheesy teen movie ridiculous that i laugh . 
 she reaches out and pushes my truck door closed , stopping my laugh . 
 whoa . 
 anger presses in where the hurt and fear and worry has been . 
 `` what do you want , rebecca ? '' 
 i 'm tired and i 'm thinking and feeling way too much for one person . 
 `` i do n't know where to start . '' 
 but her manicured brows are pulled together in determination , and i 'm not sure if i want to run away or wait this out . 
 `` why do n't you start with why you 're ruining your shoes just to talk to me ? '' 
 i offer . 
 `` oh , shit . '' 
 she stares at the ground for a moment . 
 and i know this is a jerk move , but i 'm completely out of my comfort zone and i 'm ready for it to be over . 
 `` anytime today would be cool . '' 
 rebecca bites her lip again . 
 `` i 've lived under your shadow with him since we started dating . 
 he talks about you all the time . 
 i keep waiting for the day when he tells me he 's in love with you . 
 i 've wanted to talk to you about it a million times , but i knew you 'd probably laugh at me . '' 
 `` or give you a black eye . '' 
 i keep my face straight , being kind of a bitch again , i know , but i do n't know how to talk to her . 
 i 've always hung out with the boys-been the hockey girl . 
 and to be honest with myself , i also want to see her reaction . 
 she takes a deep breath but holds her ground . 
 i feel a random twinge of admiration when i really do n't want to . 
 `` i really love him . 
 a lot . 
 and he was the one who asked if there was any chance i 'd want to go to michigan or washington because he was leaving for hockey , and i never thought i 'd get a shot at someone like him . '' 
 what ? 
 i lean against bitty and take in rebecca . 
 smooth curls today . 
 eyes huge with makeup . 
 dressed ... well , like she actually gives a crap . 
 i figured a girl like her would expect to get a guy like him . 
 i do n't like that rebecca 's not fitting into the neat stereotype i put her in before now . 
 `` and i keep waiting for it to all be some big joke , and he keeps coming back to me , and when he got detention over punching that locker during your fight , or whatever that was ... again . 
 i thought he was about to walk away . '' 
 she sniffs a few times before taking even breaths , and i almost tell her to hit something because it works better , but i hold it in . 
 mitch walked away from me . 
 for her . 
 what does she want from me ? 
 she 's got him already . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` please talk to him . 
 it 's making him crazy that he hurt your feelings . 
 he said you needed help last night and he did n't know until it was too late . 
 i know you do n't care what things are like between mitch and me , and i also know that me telling you to talk to a guy that i wish you were n't close to could seriously backfire ... '' her words tumble over each other , and she actually looks serious . 
 she cares if mitch and i are getting along . 
 why is she being nice ? 
 mitch 's non-reply to my text stung , and now the niceness of rebecca , and how i pushed away bishop , and gramps 's episode all well up inside me . 
 i ca n't cry in front of her . 
 ca n't . 
 i open the door of my truck . 
 this is it . 
 i have to get out of here . 
 i should tell rebecca she 'll never have to worry about me and her guy , because last night was the final bit of proof that she definitely comes first in his world . 
 `` please , penny . '' 
 she grabs my door . 
 `` he 's a grouchy ass right now , and it sucks knowing he 's broken up over someone else . '' 
 `` i got ta go , '' i say as i climb in my car . 
 `` yeah . 
 okay . 
 just ... please think about it , okay ? '' 
 she looks down , and i shut the door between us , needing to be home . 
 away . 
 on the ice . 
 anything . 
 only now i start to get what mitch sees in her . 
 she 's smart . 
 probably does n't give him half as much shit as i would . 
 and she was n't afraid to come talk to me-that 's something . 
 plus , if i 'm being honest with myself , my heart does n't feel like it 's cracking because i 'm in love with mitch-it 's that we do n't have the relationship i thought . 
 he 's leaving me behind , and like so many things in my life , i have no say in it . 
 that 's not rebecca 's fault , even though i want it to be . 
 i roll down my window . 
 `` i 'll talk to him , okay ? '' 
 her face snaps up , and relief fills her eyes . 
 `` thank you , penny . 
 really . 
 thank you . '' 
 i open my mouth to say something else , but i do n't how to do this girl talk stuff , so i mumble a `` sure , '' roll up my window , and drive away . 
 the drive home takes forever , and i realize it 's because i 'm looking forward to seeing bishop . 
 and then there 's this wave of realization over how narrowing my sights on mitch , who would never have me , has made me probably miss a lot of opportunities to be around kickass guys who maybe would . 
 i wonder if bishop will be up for something today . 
 snowmachining or maybe he 'd play drums for me , or we could go hang in the upstairs room or work on my car . 
 as soon as i hit the driveway , i sprint to his cabin . 
 because i 'm not the girl for most guys-not the kind of guys who would want to deal with me , at least-but he was the one who kissed me . 
 he pulls open the door with a smile and there 's a girl behind him . 
 a girl . 
 i swear my gut hits the floor . 
 she looks like ... a girl 's girl . 
 a real girl . 
 like rebecca but blond . 
 and in every other way , the opposite of me . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 no air . 
 chest still being pulled apart . 
 mitch saw me lose it today , and rebecca nearly did . 
 i do n't need this . 
 `` what 's up , penny ? '' 
 he sounds like he 's trying way too hard for his voice to be relaxed . 
 `` you 're busy . 
 i 'll go . '' 
 wow my voice sounds way more normal than i thought it would for someone who feels like she 's drowning . 
 now i need to move , but i ca n't . 
 it 's like someone 's put me on pause and slowed my world down-as if i really wanted this moment to last . 
 `` i got ta take off for a bit . '' 
 he shuffles his feet , looking nervous . 
 `` if um ... gary calls will you cover ? 
 say i 'm with you and that i fell asleep in front of the tv or something ? '' 
 i 'm so stunned i 'm not sure i 'm breathing , and i 'm still on pause . 
 i need to not freak out for a minute longer because everything in me is splintering . 
 i barely held on all day , and was excited to have the chance to see him , and now ... now i 'm thinking i 'll be the single girl who hangs with the guys , but does n't actually date , for the rest of my life . 
 i step back off his porch to go ... i do n't even know where . 
 `` penny ? '' 
 he calls from behind me . 
 `` yeah . 
 fine . 
 i have homework . '' 
 my feet feel weird in the snow , like my body still is n't working right , and i begin to wonder if i 'm totally overreacting . 
 though , at this moment , i do n't care because i have no idea how to shake this feeling . 
 i get that i walked away from him last night , but i expected he 'd try again . 
 that i 'd at least have a chance to explain why i ran away . 
 and now i 'm offering to be his alibi so he can ... go somewhere with a real girl . 
 if we were n't making shitloads of money off these two-and if he had n't helped me last night-there 's no way i 'd help him out right now . 
 and i 'm not totally decided that i will . 
 after what feels like an obscenely long walk across the yard , my insides chewing themselves up , i finally make it to the house and pull in a breath deep enough to force my chest to loosen . 
 i 'm such a raging idiot . 
 bishop . 
 and me . 
 the guy oozes something indefinably incredible-why on earth would he want me ? 
 guys want `` real '' girls , even when they tell me that tough girls are hot . 
 because it 's pretty obvious to me right now that i 'm not what guys want . 
 chapter thirteen bishop the urge to puke hits , and i actually have to fight it down . 
 last night i 'd been all screwed up in the head . 
 i could n't believe i kissed her . 
 could n't believe she told me no . 
 actually , what i ca n't believe is that it bothers me so much . 
 she 's just a girl , or should be anyway , so there 's no reason i should have felt like someone kicked the crap out of me . 
 no reason i should have sat behind my drums all night , beating out all my pent up energy , with nothing except penny on the brain . 
 i should have just moved on . 
 so , i called maryanne to make sure i did . 
 it felt right at the time , but now watching penny walk away , i know it 's wrong . 
 not because i think she wants me . 
 she made it pretty obvious she did n't when she pushed me away , but because alaska bishop feels a little different than the other bishop . 
 alaska bishop kicks ass on the snowmachine , explores mines , fixes cars with gramps , and watches penny play hockey . 
 alaska bishop may take something every few days , but it 's only to keep him on track . 
 he does n't almost od . 
 maryanne knows the other me , not this one , and i do n't think i can mix the two . 
 my head is so screwed up . 
 there ca n't really be two me 's . 
 `` who was that ? '' 
 maryanne snaps her gum , sounding bored . 
 i 'm sure she is . 
 even though she jumped on a plane to come here , this is n't maryanne 's kind of place . 
 for her , it was an adventure , though . 
 a way to hang out with me and party . 
 maryanne likes to party , and i like to party with her . 
 plus , it 's one of the perks of money-of fame . 
 the fact that all i had to do was buy a ticket and she was willing to come when i called her . 
 that there 's always someone willing to come . 
 `` a friend , '' i tell her before closing the door . 
 `` bishop , are you hooking up with the locals ? '' 
 she teases , trying to wrap her arms around me from behind , but i dodge her . 
 `` gary will be back soon . 
 if this is going to work , we need to get out of here now . '' 
 after walking over to the couch , i grab my bag . 
 i ca n't believe i 'm doing this while gary 's taking troy to the airport . 
 ca n't believe i 'm doing it at all . 
 `` i 'm still shocked they made you come here and sent you with a babysitter . 
 that 's such bullshit . '' 
 for a minute , i wonder if she remembers what happened to me . 
 that she was there , laughing and dancing when i almost od 'd , but i do n't because she 's right . 
 it is crap . 
 not that things are n't better here than i thought , but because they forced me . 
 `` it 's not that bad . 
 like a vacation . '' 
 we head out to her rental car . 
 on the way , i text gary to tell him i 'm with penny . 
 tightness runs the length of me again , thinking about her . 
 i feel like such a jerk , but i 'm not even sure if i should or not . 
 i guess the fact that i do should tell me something . 
 like i should stop and go back . 
 tell maryanne to take the car back to the airport so she can go home . 
 so i do n't f ** k up again . 
 i lean back in the seat and think about gramps , wondering if he remembers what happened last night . 
 if things will be weird the next time i see him . 
 maybe it 'll be like tit for tat . 
 he keeps my secrets , and i keep his . 
 not that his alzheimer 's is a secret , but i 'm pretty sure it 's not something he wants to talk about . 
 `` you 're awful quiet . 
 you 're not usually like this . '' 
 maryanne reaches over and squeezes my leg . 
 i try to smile at her but ca n't quite make it happen . 
 i feel the beginnings of panic grip my insides , little scratches from nails threatening to slice me open . 
 i do n't know why , what i have to be freaked out about , but it 's there , trying to claw to the surface . 
 maybe i do need a night of maryanne to clear my head . 
 `` you got anything to drink ? '' 
 maryanne reaches into her huge purse and hands me a water bottle . 
 i twist off the top and down the whole thing , which helps a little . 
 `` do you have any smokes ? '' 
 she glances at me . 
 `` nah . 
 i 'm trying to quit . '' 
 just since last night , but whatever . 
 that 's what makes me suddenly realize what 's different . 
 why i 'm so freaked out . 
 the bishop maryanne knows smokes . 
 that does n't feel like who i should be here . 
 when i 'm with maryanne , we party . 
 partying is different than taking a pill every couple of days like i do in alaska . 
 the last time i partied , i almost died . 
 almost left mom alone . 
 i do n't want to go back to that night . 
 `` wow ... that 's new . '' 
 if she knew me , she would know it 's not . 
 i 've always hated smoking . 
 i just do it . 
 finally , we pull into a tiny , hole-in-the-wall hotel . 
 `` nice place , '' i say , trying to chill out . 
 `` whatever . 
 you 're the one who dragged me to this crappy town . '' 
 her words make me frown , but maryanne gets out of the car and leads me to her room . 
 it 's about the same size as my cabin only not as nice . 
 it 's got a cheap picture on the wall and an old blanket on the bed . 
 the tv looks like it 's fifty years old . 
 dust flies up when i sit in the chair by the window . 
 now what ? 
 my leg starts bouncing and i start drumming my hands on my knees , wishing i was back at the cabin with my drums instead of here . 
 `` relax , bishop . 
 damn , you 're wound up tight . '' 
 she tosses her bright pink bag on the bed and does the hair flip thing girls do . 
 it 's blond , but all i can think of is it 's not the right blond . 
 it looks fake . 
 maybe not fake , but not as ... pure as penny 's , and then i feel like an idiot for thinking things like that about her . 
 i should n't be thinking about her at all . 
 `` you got anything ? '' 
 maryanne asks . 
 she does n't even have to specify what she 's talking about . 
 even though i just drank the water , i feel thirsty again . 
 `` nope . 
 your stuff has n't come . 
 you ? '' 
 the memory of holding gramps 's pill bottles makes my palms itch . 
 i squeeze my hands into fists , trying to forget . 
 trying to focus on my drums , working on the corvette , and snowmachining with penny . 
 the girl is exhausting . 
 in a good way . 
 when i kissed her , it felt so f ** king awesome i thought she had to be feeling it , too . 
 but really it was just a screw up , since she obviously was n't . 
 and then i got back to my cabin , and the whole night came crashing back down around me . 
 the hockey game . 
 how it felt to hold gramps 's pills . 
 the kiss . 
 back and forth between kissing and pills , kissing and pills . 
 i had n't been able to turn my brain off until i called maryanne . 
 she 'd be able to help . 
 she always had . 
 `` now , bishop ... what kind of question is that ? '' 
 she winks at me before she opens her bag . 
 `` i have a bottle of vodka . '' 
 i want to tell her to stop . 
 i want to tell her to hurry up . 
 not understanding either of the reactions , i try to ignore them and let her do what she wants to do . 
 maryanne pulls a bottle out of her bag , shaking a couple pills out before she tosses them into her mouth and sucks down water from another bottle . 
 both my legs are moving , and both my hands are drumming , and my heart is trying to find the same rhythm as my hands and my legs , and it all feels like too much . 
 and not enough at the same time . 
 `` what ` cha got ? '' 
 i push to my feet , walk over , and sit on the bed . 
 a little voice whispers that i should go-this nagging sense of wrongness overwhelms me . 
 i 'm so sick of feeling guilty for everything . 
 after grabbing the bottles , i fumble them in my hands . 
 then i read each one until i find what i want . 
 my hands tremble as i shake three pills out . 
 maryanne tries to hand me the vodka , but i grab the water . 
 see ? 
 that 's good . 
 if i had a problem i 'd drink the vodka . 
 i look at the pills . 
 take another drink . 
 glance at the pills again . 
 fuck it . 
 i toss all three in my mouth and swallow . 
 i expect the hyperactive limbs to slow , but they do n't . 
 expect to feel better , but i do n't . 
 i 'm still thinking about gramps and penny and that stupid guilt still spreading like a disease inside me . 
 trying to relax , i lean against the headboard of the bed and grab the remote to the ancient tv . 
 news blares through the speakers , and they 're talking about hockey , which makes me think about penny and how awesome and motivated she is . 
 she wants to play on a men 's team . 
 that 's pretty incredible . 
 my guilt spreads even faster , so i turn the station . 
 `` what 's wrong with you , b.r. ? 
 did they give you a lobotomy here or something ? '' 
 she laughs , and i try to do the same , but it does n't happen . 
 this is n't me-this f ** ked-up , conflicted feeling cementing inside me . 
 i pick up the vodka . 
 maybe i just need a drink to relax . 
 before i get a chance , maryanne takes matters into her own hands , crawling onto the bed and then straddling my lap . 
 her short skirt pulls high up her legs . 
 `` i know what will make you feel better . '' 
 she leans forward , but i again notice her hair is the wrong color , and she smells like cigarettes . 
 penny hates that smell , and now that i think about it , i do , too . 
 maryanne 's lips come toward me . 
 i 've kissed them before . 
 i 've done more than that with her and liked the way it felt , but this time , i turn my head , her mouth landing nowhere near its destination . 
 she is n't deterred , though , her lips just making a trail toward my mouth and this time , i do n't stop her . 
 penny said she ca n't so there 's no reason i should n't . 
 my mouth opens and maryanne 's tongue slides inside . 
 now i not only smell cigarettes but i taste them . 
 gramps would give me hell . 
 so would penny . 
 and gary . 
 this feels wrong . 
 i feel wrong , so i turn away from her . 
 `` bishop ? '' 
 she does n't sound hurt , just confused . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 penny 's words from last night are now coming out of my mouth . 
 it 's almost like an out-of-body experience . 
 why am i being this way ? 
 it 's just kissing maryanne . 
 it 's not a big deal . 
 `` sorry , i 'm just not in the mood . '' 
 i lift maryanne from my lap before getting off the bed myself . 
 my gut is cramping up . 
 i 'm not sure if it 's in my head or not . 
 `` i 'm not feeling so well . '' 
 i close the bathroom door behind me before splashing water on my face . 
 it helps a little , waking me up and shocking me into reality . 
 my body has that light , floaty feeling it always gets when i 'm high , but i ca n't tell if i like it or not . 
 then i 'm back in the main room again . 
 `` listen ... i think i better get back . '' 
 she just rolls her eyes . 
 `` whatever , bishop . 
 you 're losing it , you know that ? '' 
 right now , i 'm thinking she should be pissed , or at least care a little bit . 
 blake might be right . 
 would she be okay with anything just to be around me ? 
 i 'm not sure if i 'm losing it or finding it , so i nod . 
 when she tells me she wants to go back to l.a. , i get on my phone and buy her a plane ticket . 
 we drive back toward the cabins in silence . 
 when we 're almost there , i tell her to pull over so i can walk the rest of the way in . 
 my body sort of relaxes at the thought , and i realize i 'm not only walking so we do n't get caught , but maybe because i need it . 
 `` i 'm sorry about this . 
 i just have a lot going on . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 've never been to alaska . 
 got me out of town for a day . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` call me when you get back and we 'll chill . '' 
 i nod . 
 when i 'm back home with her , things will be different . 
 i 'll be normal . 
 i actually feel pretty good about myself right now , like i did the right thing . 
 then , maryanne pulls out a baggy , with about ten pills inside . 
 `` i brought these for you , since the package never came . '' 
 do n't do it . 
 do n't do it . 
 why should n't i do it ? 
 why am i suddenly worried ? 
 i reach out and grab it before stuffing them in my boot . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 get out of the car . 
 close the door . 
 watch her drive away . 
 one foot in front of the other . 
 walk . 
 that 's what each step feels like-a checklist of activities , and i 'm not really doing them . 
 the baggy scratches my leg with each pace . 
 there 's a direct line from the spot it touches me to my brain , making it all i think about . 
 i stop , pull the bag out , and count them . 
 twelve . 
 i was wrong . 
 there are twelve pills . 
 now that i know how many are there , i push them back into my boot and walk again . 
 sucking in a deep breath , i try to focus on the cold air , look at the trees , and remember the feel of grease on my hands . 
 my mind flashes to penny and her white-blond hair , and riding snowmachines , and working with gramps . 
 i pass the driveway and keep going . 
 keep breathing and thinking . 
 soon , i do n't feel the scratch of the baggy anymore , though i know it 's there . 
 the more i walk , the clearer my head becomes . 
 on and on , i keep going , struggling to let it all go-to find that peace gary tells me i have . 
 and then ... there it is . 
 i find it and wish like hell it will last . 
 chapter fourteen penny so yesterday i was at school all bent over mitch , and today i 'm bent over bishop . 
 at least i 'm headed to the rink . 
 i left last period early for some time alone on the ice . 
 coach is going to bust our asses this week , but i 'm looking forward to it . 
 it 's not like anything else awesome is happening right now . 
 this is the last week of high school hockey , and the harder i work , the better the distraction is . 
 `` got a sec ? '' 
 mitch hollers across the ice . 
 after moping last night over ... pretty much everything , i really just want to skate . 
 but i slide to a stop in front of him anyway because i need one awkward part of my life to not be awkward anymore . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 `` knowing you , i have about thirty seconds , so i 'm going to spit it out . '' 
 now that i 've decided to let him talk , everything in me is still and waiting to hear what he has to say . 
 he shoves his hands in his pockets . 
 obviously nervous . 
 `` i love you , penny . 
 like a sister . 
 like my best friend . 
 like if i 'd seen your text , even though i have n't seen becca outside of school in forever , i would have come to help . 
 my phone was on the counter , and i hate that i did n't know you needed me . '' 
 i nod once because this is what we do as a team . 
 explain . 
 get over it . 
 move on . 
 `` okay . '' 
 his head tilts to the side . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 my chest loosens in a way it has n't since matt 's party . 
 it 's not perfect , but it 's better enough that i know we 'll eventually be good . 
 for real . 
 `` get your gear on or you 're going to be late . 
 and yes . 
 we 're okay . '' 
 i push away from the wall to keep warming up . 
 mitch will never be mine like he is rebecca 's , and now that it 's done , it does n't hurt the way i thought it would . 
 like the idea of us together was my constant but not a reality i actually wanted . 
 crazy , but i think it took facing rebecca and kissing bishop to figure it out . 
 an ache spreads from my chest at the thought of seeing bishop with another girl . 
 i suck in a breath and try to dispel the pain . 
 i need to keep skating . 
 two laps and my brain is still spinning over the girl and bishop , but when two laps turn into fifteen , into twenty , my head is finally starting to clear . 
 at least a little . 
 rebecca steps into the team box as i come around the corner and waves . 
 she 's biting her stupid lip again . 
 i slide to a stop , trying to be nice and forcing myself to recognize that she has more balls than i 've given her credit for . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 she shrugs her tiny shoulders . 
 `` just came to watch you guys practice . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i 'm actually curious . '' 
 'cause it 's really important to mitch , and i want to understand that about him . '' 
 she flicks a chunk of brown hair over her shoulder . 
 she wants to understand him , and she should . 
 he deserves that anyway . 
 `` then you need to be on the ice . '' 
 her eyes widen . 
 `` oh . 
 no . 
 no way . 
 i do n't skate . 
 like . 
 at all . '' 
 i scan the area until i spot rick , the rink owner , and then wave him over . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 coach does n't get here for another fifteen minutes . '' 
 i 'm so full of good deeds . 
 seriously . 
 `` rick ! 
 get this girl some hockey skates ! '' 
 her brows go up . 
 `` no . 
 penny . 
 please . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` i wo n't hurt ya . '' 
 rick drops a few sizes on the bench next to us , and rebecca just stares , uncertain . 
 mitch practically sprints out of the locker room , only half geared-up and shirtless , looking between us with panic . 
 someone must have told him i was talking to his girlfriend . 
 i point my stick at mitch . 
 `` i make no such promises to him . '' 
 he honestly looks scared as hell , which is ridiculous . 
 it 's not like i 'm going to put her in skates just to knock her down . 
 i shake my head like he 's being stupid , and he nods because he knows me well enough to catch my meaning-calm the hell down . 
 he backs up a few steps without a word before turning and heading to the locker room . 
 just as i finish showing rebecca how to tighten the stiff laces , mitch reappears fully geared up , showing me that he 's maybe not as chill as i want him to be . 
 at least not yet . 
 his brows knit together as i skate away , leaving him with rebecca , who 's still staring uncertainly at the skates on her feet . 
 after a few minutes of rebecca stumbling and slipping on her own , mitch 's arms are around her waist and he 's skating backwards . 
 fast . 
 she 's just staring up at him with her girlie googlie eyes trusting that he 'll keep her safe . 
 i guess that 's what mitch wants . 
 he could n't handle a girl who is n't afraid to harass him . 
 mitch accepts who i am , but i feel like bishop actually likes it . 
 i did n't realize there was even a difference before now . 
 it makes the whole blond girl situation that much worse . 
 maybe i just suck at reading people . 
 mitch lifts rebecca up on the side where the team benches are and stands between her legs for a kiss . 
 she runs her hands through his hair , keeping their faces together , and i might be all charitable and nice about some things , but i 'm not that nice . 
 i hold in a smile as i flip mitch 's skate with my stick , almost sending him to the ice . 
 `` what the hell , penny ! '' 
 he yells , grins wide , and scrambles to his feet . 
 i push hard on the ice to get away , and we 're back to status quo . 
 `` i said i 'd be nice to her , not you ! '' 
 and just as mitch races my way to retaliate the way we all do with each other , coach hits the ice . 
 time for what 's probably going to be the best part of my day . 
 rebecca 's smile splits her face as she climbs off the wall and onto the team bench . 
 and i hate admitting this , but i 've got to give the girl props for getting out on the ice . 
 i guess mitch could do worse . 
 ... when i step upstairs into the kitchen , mom and gramps are watching some cheesy sitcom , and gramps looks completely zoned . 
 it makes me wonder how much of his meds he 's on today . 
 i hate it when she does that-it seems like cheating . 
 like she drugs him up so she does n't have to worry , but it robs him of getting to be himself . 
 i 'd never do that unless i had to . 
 i 'd rather gramps make ten steak and strawberry pies than watch reruns of seinfeld all day while zombied in front of the tv . 
 `` hey , honey ! '' 
 mom smiles too wide and wanders to the table . 
 `` we got pizza . 
 is that okay ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 i pause at the table and want to ask why she 's home , but instead i just say , `` have n't seen you in a while . 
 must be busy . '' 
 `` yep . 
 been busy . '' 
 this is her way of agreeing with me without opening up for anything further . 
 i wanted her to say something more personal than business or schools or hockey so i can , because part of me is dying to talk to someone . 
 irritation sets me on edge . 
 i pull open the box and grab two slices , not really wanting to see my mom if the conditions are a drugged up gramps , a closed-off mom , and bad comedy reruns . 
 `` i 'm sore . 
 going to jump in the hot tub . '' 
 her nod and smile feels forced , and i 'm not sure when things got so weird . 
 `` okay . 
 not too late . '' 
 i have to bite my tongue to ask why she cares how late i 'm in the tub because she is n't here most nights . 
 but i hold it in . 
 yep . 
 good deeds . 
 i 'm still on a roll . 
 `` thanks for the pizza . '' 
 i stack my two slices and run downstairs before mom starts in on more questions . 
 maybe i do like her new schedule . 
 after quickly slipping into my suit , grabbing a soda , and jerking off the hot tub cover , i slip into the nearly scalding water . 
 better . 
 feels like i 'm practically living in the hot tub these days , which is fine . 
 the cold air bites at my face , but the steam from the tub keeps me from freezing . 
 the stars tonight are incredible-tiny dots of light in a black sky . 
 i keep hoping for the northern lights , but it 's probably not cold enough . 
 i close my eyes and try not to listen to the drumming coming from bishop 's cabin . 
 try not to picture how in the zone he is when he 's playing . 
 try not to think about how cool it would be if he was playing for me . 
 or how the blonde feels about him playing for her . 
 but then it stops . 
 i try not to notice that either . 
 my body floats , and i let it . 
 let my body hover in the center of the huge tub . 
 `` hey . '' 
 bishop 's voice is close . 
 i do n't jump . 
 do n't move . 
 do n't open my eyes . 
 i do n't want to do anything to show him how happy i am he 's here because i should be more pissed than relieved . 
 but i 'm not . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` what are you so pissed about ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` you want a list , or do you just want to thank me for not ratting you out to your babysitter ? '' 
 `` he 's not my - '' but then he stops . 
 `` that 's what i thought . '' 
 i let the corner of my mouth pull up but still keep my eyes closed . 
 i do n't want to look at his brown eyes . 
 i do n't want to look at the guy whose lips were on mine , and who i turned away . 
 i do n't think i have the guts to tell him about mitch when it does n't matter anyway , because bishop already has someone . 
 `` where 's your girlfriend ? '' 
 i even keep the snotty out of my voice and try to sound bored . 
 `` she 's not at all my girlfriend . '' 
 i finally sit up and open my eyes , try not to notice the very nice shape of him in the dim light of the porch , and raise a brow . 
 `` okay . 
 i mean ... , '' he hangs his head for a second before his eyes find mine again . 
 `` fuck , penny . 
 why are you so hard on me ? '' 
 no way i 'm letting him turn this back to me . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 i asked a very simple question . '' 
 his face falls as our eyes stay focused on one another . 
 `` i screwed up . 
 i was pissed and lonely and i called her . '' 
 right . 
 now 's when i should tell him to leave . 
 instead , i close my eyes and once again relax deep into the tub , resting my head on the edge . 
 if he wants to take this as a fuck-off , he can . 
 if not , he can keep digging himself in a hole . 
 `` i did n't ... we were n't gone long . 
 practically just turned around and came back . '' 
 practically . 
 i wonder what happened during that `` practically . '' 
 i hate that the thought of it hurts , and i hate how happy i am that he 's out here talking to me because it 's dangerous to like someone this way . 
 mitch proved it . 
 and bishop proved it last night . 
 `` whatever . 
 it 's not like i have any claim on you or anything . '' 
 he takes a deep breath . 
 `` you can . '' 
 i can . 
 i can have a claim on him ? 
 does this mean that he wants me to ? 
 is he trying to move forward again ? 
 i do n't move , but open my eyes . 
 damn , he 's not playing fair-looking vulnerable again . 
 but i have too many questions to let it go . 
 it should n't matter . 
 i should n't care . 
 `` so , did you just hang out with her long enough to get laid ? '' 
 i close my eyes and slump again , trying to seem disinterested when in reality , i 'm holding my breath waiting for his answer . 
 it 's so silent he must be frozen . 
 `` i did n't sleep with her , but she kissed me . '' 
 `` did you want her to ? '' 
 my heart 's banging in my chest , making his drums seem like kid toys . 
 i should not be reacting like this . 
 `` no . 
 and she 's gone now . 
 back home . 
 i mean , i only sort of kissed her back - '' `` so , it does n't count or something ? '' 
 i swear guys have an excuse for every stupid-ass thing they do . 
 he slides his fingers across his lip ring again . 
 `` damn , i do n't know . 
 does it count ? '' 
 i let the silence hang between us for a moment . 
 `` depends on how you felt about it , i guess . '' 
 `` i sent her home . '' 
 his voice is quiet . 
 `` i 'm here next to you . 
 that 's how i felt about it . 
 feel about it . '' 
 something in not just his words but his tone makes me feel like i should share something . 
 `` the night - '' you kissed me , is what i almost say . 
 `` the night gramps had a hard time , and all that . 
 i was at the party , and i realized mitch does n't and wo n't like me the way i thought i liked him . 
 it 's weird because things between us have been confusing for a long time , even though i thought i knew what i wanted from him . 
 the other night with you ... my head was a mess , and i ran . '' 
 `` i 've been known to ruin girls for all other guys . '' 
 all it takes is one narrow-eyed look from me , and he laughs . 
 `` i 'm kidding . 
 sorry , penny . '' 
 there 's a bit of silence between us , like he 's processing , and maybe i am , too . 
 processing that some hot girl flew all the way up here to see him , did n't have sex with him , and then turned around and left . 
 who is this guy ? 
 `` i should also tell you that i was even nice and did n't kick mitch 's girlfriend 's ass when she stalked me out . '' 
 `` that was cool of you . 
 i had no idea you knew how to exercise self-control . '' 
 bishop 's grin is immediate , and the moment our eyes connect , it softens , pooling warmth in my stomach . 
 he shifts his weight , but his eyes do n't leave mine . 
 `` so ... were you really into him ? '' 
 despite the hot water , i shiver under his gaze . 
 i 've never responded to a guy just looking at me . 
 not this way . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i thought i was , but maybe i was n't . 
 we 've been so close for so long that i think i just assumed we 'd be together-and i thought i would like it . 
 then we were n't , and i was confused . 
 i think ... '' i let my words trail off as my thoughts form in my head . 
 different puzzle pieces snap into place , and they make a truth i never realized was there . 
 `` you think what ? '' 
 bishop scratches his neck like he 's nervous . 
 `` this is going to make me sound a little pathetic , but i think it 's because i did n't want him to leave me . 
 he was leaving me for her and ... that freaks me out . 
 being left does . '' 
 not only can i not wrap my brain around this new piece of information , but also that i admitted it to bishop . 
 `` god , i ca n't believe i 'm telling you this . '' 
 he blinks a few times like he 's absorbing what i just said . 
 i 'm absorbing what i just said . 
 before he even speaks , i know he 's going to say something else that makes me know he understands . 
 `` you can handle anything . 
 it 's crazy how strong you are . 
 he would n't leave you , but if he did , you 'd show the world you did n't need him . 
 i 've never known anyone like you . '' 
 he rubs a hand over his face like he 's also thinking he 's revealed too much . 
 `` bishop ... '' he shakes his head . 
 `` can we not ? 
 i just wanted you to know that , okay ? '' 
 honestly , i 'm not sure what to say , so it 's probably smart to let it drop . 
 still part of me wants to ask a million questions about the girl , and part of me just has a million questions about him . 
 `` i know nothing about you except you 're not half-bad on a snowmachine , you can beat the shit out of a set of drums , and you seem to see things in me people i 've known my whole life do n't . 
 want to fill me in on anything else ? '' 
 he runs a hand through his hair again and looks down , frowning . 
 `` i have a lot going on , but when we hang out , you kind of make me forget about the rest of it . '' 
 am i flattered ? 
 being used ? 
 more insecure than i should be ? 
 `` you did n't really answer me . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` i 'm here because i have to be , but i would n't change it . 
 is that enough for now ? '' 
 `` maybe . 
 i guess . '' 
 i sit up on the edge , needing to cool off after being low in the water for so long . 
 steam rises from my body , and i watch him watch me as i move . 
 there is no way he 's not checking me out . 
 okay . 
 i need to shake off whatever girl he had up here because i do n't need another thing to over-think . 
 i 'm ready to just be . 
 `` if i 'm so good for you , then strip down and get your ass in here . '' 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 his face loosens enough for a smile to hit the edges . 
 it 's the first time he 's actually agreed to come in . 
 guess we 're okay . 
 or maybe just back to where we were before the kiss , and the california blonde pop-in . 
 i openly stare as he strips down . 
 drummers are hot . 
 he 's seriously toned in all the right places , and in about a minute he 's down to his boxers . 
 tight sides . 
 great arms . 
 impressive shoulders . 
 touchable abs , and he does n't have chicken legs . 
 the tattoo on his side is drumsticks , big and in an `` x. '' he must really like drums . 
 `` damn , it 's cold . '' 
 he half-jumps into the water , sitting across from me , and i 'm still just watching , letting the steam float off my body . 
 `` what ` cha looking at , penny ? '' 
 `` oh , please . 
 like you did n't watch me slide out ? '' 
 i lower myself back into the water . 
 `` i like your tat . '' 
 and might be thinking about touching you . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` man of few words . '' 
 i push his calf with my foot , needing to touch him . 
 `` girl of many smart-ass remarks . '' 
 he leans back until his hair is wet . 
 i watch him and know that the only other guy i 've had in here that i wanted my hands on was mitch . 
 if bishop kissed me right now , i 'd definitely kiss him back . 
 there 's no way to scoot closer without it being obvious . 
 and maybe i should . 
 show him i 'm okay with it . 
 but maybe i just suck at being a girl , and i 'm not someone he 'd want to deal with anyway . 
 i ca n't sit here in silence with him , though . 
 not if we 're not kissing . 
 `` i 've wanted a tattoo since i turned eighteen . 
 just before christmas . '' 
 i want to touch his , but i 'm not sure where we stand even though i 'd like to be on his lap , so i keep my hands to myself . 
 `` do it ... let me take you to get one , penny jones . '' 
 excitement rushes through me at the thought of it . 
 `` what , now ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure you know who runs a tattoo parlor around here . 
 maybe someone to do it for free or for a penny discount or something , '' he teases . 
 in a few words , his whole face has changed . 
 the way he holds himself , even though he 's underwater , is different . 
 `` you 're lighter . '' 
 the words just come out . 
 he nods , his face a shade more serious than it was a moment ago . 
 `` a little ... i want to be . '' 
 `` i do n't know what i am yet . '' 
 i wait for him to say something profound . 
 something that puts all this crap in perspective . 
 he winks , smiles and slides lower in the water . 
 `` you 're a girl who 's going to get inked with me . '' 
 i laugh and move as low in the tub as he did , letting my chin touch the surface . 
 i pull my feet out to rest them on the sides of the tub next to bishop . 
 part of me is curious to see if he 'll touch me while i 'm there . 
 his gaze travels up my calves like i hoped they would , and then his brow gets all wrinkled . 
 `` damn , penny . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` that 's a killer bruise on your knee . '' 
 i pull my leg out of the water , and his fingers rest on the edge of the purple mass , sending jolts through my body . 
 holy shit , touching a guy has never felt this good , and that 's really saying something because i 'm around them a lot . 
 what else can i get away with ? 
 `` you should see the one on my side . '' 
 i stand and turn for him to see the blue/purplish and yellow-at-the-edges bruise on the top of my hip . 
 the one i have to nudge my bottoms down a little for him to see . 
 `` that was courtesy of chomps . '' 
 bishop traces the edge of my bruise , letting his fingers linger . 
 my breathing stops . 
 the heat from my body is fogging up the air . 
 no one speaks . 
 he clears his throat twice before speaking . 
 `` any more ? '' 
 i rest my foot on the seat next to him to show him the inside of my thigh where i got caught on the edge of the goal . 
 my body 's going weak on me again as his fingers slide up my thigh from my knee . 
 his eyes follow the trail , and my leg is going wobbly at his touch . 
 `` penny ! '' 
 mom yells . 
 i jump , bishop 's hands splash back into the water , and we both exhale at the same time . 
 she 's leaning from the second story window . 
 her voice has that forced brightness to it that says i 'm the friendly mom to my friends , but it tells me she is n't happy about bishop 's hands on me . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i say with equally forced sweetness as i step back and sit down , much farther away from bishop than i 'd like to be . 
 `` not too late ! '' 
 i wave and grin to make her close the window and leave me alone . 
 `` she 's never here , and now she 's trying to be like super-mom or something . '' 
 bishop swallows , watching me with the same want in his eyes that he had while touching my leg . 
 `` guess that 's our night then . '' 
 i 'm hoping he does n't want it to be the end of our night , because i definitely wish it was n't . 
 i stand and get out before the pull to him makes me do something else really stupid . 
 like kiss him . 
 or give myself another bruise for him to touch , which i 'm seriously considering . 
 `` is it cool if i stay in for a few ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i do n't think i 'm hot enough to keep my balls from freezing when i run back to my cabin . '' 
 i point to the cover without looking at him because it makes me want too much . 
 `` just pull up the top . '' 
 `` i can do that . '' 
 once again , we stare at each other like there are a million things we both want to do and say , but neither of us makes the move . 
 i tighten my towel around me and stuff my feet in my boots . 
 best to get out of here before i make an ass out of myself , or we end up in a tangled mess in the hot tub in front of my oddly-present mother . 
 `` so , i 'll see you tomorrow for my tattoo , unless you flake out on me . '' 
 `` i 'll be here . '' 
 he turns but then stops and faces me again . 
 `` and penny ? 
 i 'm sorry ... about everything . '' 
 yeah . 
 me , too . 
 i had hoped to get inside and to bed without another confrontation . 
 unfortunately , mom has different ideas . 
 she crosses her arms as she leans against the door to my room . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i grip my towel tightly as i step around her to change out of my swimsuit . 
 `` i 'm not sure i 'm comfortable with you being in the hot tub with a boy . '' 
 i snort . 
 `` mom . 
 i 've never , ever been in a hot tub without a boy unless i was alone . '' 
 mom sighs , and i pull out clean underwear and pajamas , wanting to rinse off in the shower so i can go to bed . 
 she 's rubbing her forehead and frowning when she finally finds more words . 
 `` but i know your teammates , penny . 
 it 's different . '' 
 `` and you invited bishop and gary to stay here on our off-season and told me to be nice . '' 
 i widen my eyes , daring her to contradict me . 
 instead of fighting back , she pauses for a moment . 
 `` what do you know about bishop ? '' 
 and the way she says it makes me think she knows a lot more than she 's told me . 
 i 'm dying to ask her , but i do n't want to admit that i barely know anything about him , except how he makes me feel . 
 i ca n't imagine that helping my case for hanging with him in the hot tub , so i turn to snark . 
 `` bishop ripe , from california . 
 spoiled , surly guy who thinks he can work on cars , and thinks he can ride snowmachines - '' `` you took him riding ? '' 
 mom brows shoot up . 
 `` penny . 
 we do n't have insurance for guests to do that ! '' 
 `` mom . 
 chill . '' 
 i sit on the bed , feeling stupid for not even thinking about that . 
 `` he 's a friend , that 's all . 
 i was n't thinking , okay ? '' 
 i sometimes hate the renting cabins business , but it does bring in some good cash . 
 and she 's right . 
 one lawsuit over a broken arm would probably destroy us . 
 `` friends do n't touch each other like he was touching you . '' 
 mom 's jaw tightens . 
 `` i do n't see the guys on your team doing that . '' 
 i ca n't answer her because it would involve thinking about things i do n't want to think about right now . 
 `` you 're never here , mom . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 she sighs and i swear looks guilty again somehow , staring at the floor but does n't speak . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i move past her for my shower . 
 `` you get to meddle in my life , but i ca n't ask about yours . '' 
 `` penny . '' 
 mom 's voice has a pleading edge to it that i wo n't understand until she starts talking , which i can tell she wo n't . 
 `` you know that 's not fair . '' 
 i 'm still so amped up from everything i 've been feeling over the past few days that i 'm all out of patience . 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 anger pours through me as i step closer . 
 `` it 's not fair that i 've missed the last two team parties because you were working and gramps was having a hard night . 
 it 's not fair that i was told to be nice to the people staying here , and now you 're upset about it . 
 it 's not fair that when i felt completely rejected by mitch , my mom was n't around to talk to . '' 
 her jaw drops . 
 `` honey ... i 'm so sorry , i - '' `` i 'm done . '' 
 i take the three steps to my bathroom . 
 `` night . '' 
 closing the door is n't solving anything but my need to get away , and right now , that 's enough . 
 why could n't the last thing to happen to me before i tried to go to sleep was bishop touching my bruise instead of this ? 
 chapter fifteen bishop `` do you know that i 'm proud to be here with you ? '' 
 gary leans back against the couch while i fidget next to him . 
 `` why would you be proud of that ? '' 
 `` i hate that we need to be here , but i 'm honored to work through this with you . 
 like i was honored with troy or when i got my degree . '' 
 ah . 
 i see where he 's going with this . 
 opening my mouth , i almost tell him this is stupid . 
 all these talks are lame , but that 's not what comes out . 
 `` i 'm proud of how i play the drums ... of working with gramps , being friends with penny , and taking care of my mom . '' 
 which i ca n't do if i 'm dead ... `` that 's good . 
 you should be proud of all those things . 
 you take good care of her . 
 don 's talked to me about it a little bit . '' 
 the hairs on the back of my neck rise , but i drum my thumbs and try to settle down . 
 it makes sense they would all know my dad 's a prick . 
 that there 's a restraining order and secret money involved so he leaves us the f ** k alone . 
 `` she 's always taken care of me . 
 it 's the least i can do . '' 
 gary nods and keeps talking . 
 for the first time , we discuss my anxiety a little bit , how i feel and how often it happens . 
 i 'm sure he thinks it stems from my dad , but i do n't . 
 i do n't think ... it 's a struggle to make the answers come out , but i manage it . 
 he was right . 
 this talk is more than trees and cold air . 
 but ... my gut does n't ache and i do n't feel like i 've downed a ton of uppers . 
 when the time is up , i stop at the door . 
 `` i 'm going to be out with penny for a bit . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` you know the rules . '' 
 `` yep . '' 
 halfway out the door , gary 's voice stops me . 
 `` hey , troy 's counselor tells him he should try to do one thing every day he 's proud of . 
 it can be something little , like opening the door for someone or doing someone a favor . 
 and when you do , let yourself revel in that . 
 congratulate yourself . 
 think you can do that ? '' 
 my fist tightens on the doorknob . 
 after what happened with maryanne , i 'm not sure i deserve it . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 ... i watch penny as she walks along the wall , looking at tattoo designs for the millionth time . 
 i 'm not feeling anxious . 
 do n't want to push her into hurrying because i like watching her . 
 she moves so smoothly , and i know that 's not something i 'm supposed to notice or not something i would have noticed before , but it reminds me of the way she skates , or rides the snowmachines , or hell , the way she does anything . 
 all fluid movements , but with a practiced perfection that i know is all automatic with her . 
 the tattoo guy sees it , too . 
 i want to break his nose . 
 `` you 're slow as hell . '' 
 i stop right behind her . 
 when my hands start shaking this time , it 's not because of anxiety , but because i want to touch her . 
 we have n't talked anymore about the kiss , or loverboy , whose nose i suddenly want to break , but that does n't stop me from putting my hands on her shoulders , pretending i 'm doing it to knead her muscles , when really i just want her skin beneath mine . 
 she shivers . 
 fuck , this girl is going to my head . 
 she said last night that i 'm lighter , and though i still feel like weights are tying me down , i do feel more weightless when i 'm with her . 
 i want to hold onto that feeling even though i know everything else is still there , still threatening to pull me under . 
 shit , maryanne came up , and i only took a couple pills and did n't drink . 
 that has to count for something . 
 that 's not the kind of thing i want to be proud of . 
 maybe my talk with penny last night could be , though . 
 i think maybe i helped her . 
 she trusted me to talk to me , and that means something . 
 `` this is a serious decision , ripe . 
 you want to see me get inked , you 're going to have to learn some patience . '' 
 she turns around , which makes my hands fall off her . 
 `` do n't call me that , '' tumbles out of my mouth . 
 she looks at me like she 's trying to figure me out , and i move my head , hoping she ca n't . 
 it makes me feel like an a ** hole , but i 'm not sure she 'll like what she sees . 
 suddenly , i 'm not sure i like what i see . 
 `` it 's your name . '' 
 she nudges me . 
 `` my name is bishop . '' 
 and then , because i want to kiss her , or because i need a little space because the way i 'm acting is actually starting to freak me out , i step around her . 
 `` what about a flower ? 
 girls are supposed to like flowers , right ? '' 
 like i knew she would , she gives me a dirty look . 
 `` i 'm going to pretend you did n't say that . '' 
 she crosses her arms and clips me with her hip , and even though i thought i wanted space , i reach out and grab her waist . 
 she sucks in a gasping breath before saying , `` you 're getting awfully touchy-feely there , bishop . 
 i do n't remember saying you could put your hands on me . '' 
 another weight drops free and sinks away . 
 leaning forward , my cheek touches hers . 
 `` if you do n't want me to , tell me to stop . '' 
 she still smells like vanilla and like her car , too . 
 who would have thought that could smell so hot ? 
 and i love how even though she 's tall , even though she 's a f ** king hockey player , her body still feels fragile under my hands . 
 `` you 're cocky . '' 
 she slips away from me and starts looking at the walls again . 
 looking at the same designs over and over again . 
 `` i do n't see anything . 
 i 'm not marking my skin unless it 's something really incredible . '' 
 `` wussing out ? '' 
 this time , it 's me who smirks at her . 
 `` no , i have standards . '' 
 ouch . 
 i 'm not sure if that 's directed at me or not , so i ignore it . 
 `` i get it . 
 that 's why i only have one so far . 
 i love ink , but i 'm not putting something on my body that i 'm not sure i 'll want there forever . 
 like my drumsticks , no matter what happens , i know music will always be a part of me ... so far , that 's the only thing i 'm sure of . '' 
 i shrug . 
 maybe i 'm being obvious and said too much , but it 's true . 
 `` you have trust issues , do n't you ? '' 
 laughing , i shake my head . 
 `` how did you get that out of what i just said ? '' 
 but she 's right . 
 i do n't have to answer her because both of us know it 's true . 
 `` now hurry up . 
 if you do n't decide , we 're not going to have time to do this , and then i 'm going to start thinking you did it on purpose because you 're ... '' again , i lean forward so my mouth is right next to her ear . 
 `` scared . '' 
 she shoves me away and i almost trip over a chair , but i 'm laughing too hard to care . 
 ... `` are you sure you want one there ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it hurts like hell . '' 
 she 's picked this feather design that breaks apart and will spread small birds across her ribs . 
 penny climbs up onto the padded table and rolls her eyes at me . 
 `` i get my ass kicked on the ice every day . 
 i think i can handle it . '' 
 then she looks at the tat guy . 
 `` i have a game coming up , so we ca n't let it be really big . 
 i do n't want it to screw me up on the ice . '' 
 `` cool . 
 i 'll shrink it down so it 's only a few inches . '' 
 he does and comes back to show her . 
 she has to lift her shirt while they place in on her ribs . 
 `` like this ? '' 
 he asks her . 
 i think i 'm going to like the view . 
 `` if you sneak a touch , i break your finger . '' 
 hell yeah . 
 that 's my girl . 
 i look over at her tattoo guy and give him a cocky grin . 
 he just rolls his eyes . 
 she 's lying down now on her left side and facing me . 
 her shirt tucked beneath her br ** sts . 
 i 've seen her stomach before-seen a lot of them , but i ca n't help myself from admiring the dip in her waist . 
 the flatness of her stomach . 
 and yeah ... i want to touch . 
 want to touch so bad my fingers hurt . 
 `` you ready for this ? 
 for a needle to poke into your skin thousands of times , over each of your ribs ? '' 
 `` wow . 
 you sound super traumatized over this . 
 did you cry when you got yours , bishop ? '' 
 the needle makes its first contact with her skin as she taunts me , but i 'm pretty sure she 's too busy talking crap to me to notice . 
 it 's what i wanted . 
 there 's only one little flinch before she adds , `` i bet you did . 
 bet you cried like a baby . '' 
 `` always talking shit . 
 you ca n't think a girl is tougher than i am , can you ? '' 
 it 's so fun pissing her off . 
 and i was n't kidding when i said tats on your side hurt . 
 it 's not that i do n't think she can handle it , because i 'm pretty sure she can handle anything , but i 'm hoping the distraction helps . 
 i 'm sitting in a chair , eye level with her as she lies on the table . 
 her skin is puffy and red as the needle stabs into her , but she 's doing awesome . 
 keeping still and not flinching at all . 
 `` so , tell me about this hockey stuff . 
 how 'd you get into it ? '' 
 `` my dad played . 
 just local teams , pick-up games . 
 ` old-man hockey ' is what they call it here . 
 he 's been on the ice since high school . 
 it was the thing we did together . 
 that , and all the guys said i 'd never make it . 
 so , you know . 
 i had to then . 
 and when i was out there proving them wrong , i fell in love with it . '' 
 she pulls in a deep breath as the guy takes a short break , leaning back and stretching his shoulders and neck . 
 `` so , what about you ? 
 what started you with music ? '' 
 i check out tattoo guy . 
 he 's not paying attention to us . 
 i 'm almost 100 percent sure he does n't recognize me , and if he does , he 's not talking . 
 i screw with my lip ring for a minute , trying to figure out how to reply . 
 this is dangerous territory to navigate . 
 trying to decide what to say and it sucks because i actually want to talk to her about it . 
 it means bringing up my a ** hole father , but i can deal with that . 
 `` touchy question ? '' 
 there 's a little accusation in her voice . 
 penny 's not stupid . 
 she knows something 's up . 
 `` we moved around a lot when i was a kid . 
 my dad was a real prick . 
 abused my mom and shit . '' 
 her brows pull together as she processes . 
 `` oh my god . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 i shake my head , sort of surprised i 'm even telling her this . 
 `` it was a long time ago . 
 she was smart , though . 
 she left him and did n't look back , but he was also a bastard and he 'd follow her . 
 we 'd move somewhere . 
 she 'd get a job , and a few months later , he 'd show up . 
 restraining orders do n't do shit , by the way . '' 
 the only thing that worked was money , but the piece of paper keeps it legal . 
 `` so yeah , we moved around a lot . 
 never had much ... '' guilt starts surging inside of me again-that weight that fell off trying to hook me . 
 mom always took care of me . 
 no matter how hard it was , she took care of me , and i 'm doing a shitty job of returning the favor . 
 `` did i lose you , drummer boy ? '' 
 her words pull me back to the surface . 
 `` drummer man . '' 
 i wink . 
 `` so yeah , one of the waitressing jobs she had was right next to this music store . 
 i was like , ten . 
 when she worked , i would go next door and hang out with the owner . 
 he was cool to me . 
 played the drums , and he taught me stuff . 
 i 'd trade hours illegally working for him for lessons . 
 we were there six months . 
 i was f ** king pissed when we moved , but like i said , dude was cool and he gave me an old kit . 
 after that , i always played . 
 i 've learned guitar , too , but i 'll always be a drummer . '' 
 shrugging , i attempt to play it off like this is n't the big deal it is . 
 i do n't do the whole baring-of-the-soul thing . 
 her ink is coming along nicely . 
 it 's a contrast , the black ink and the red skin against what 's usually such a pale white . 
 i never knew how sexy it would be to see a girl get tatted . 
 or maybe it 's just sexy to watch her . 
 i 'm not sure . 
 she 's been quiet for a minute , so i watch her , wondering if the pain is getting to her or what , but it 's not . 
 she 's looking at me , too . 
 no , into me , and i 'm actually scared of the answers she 'll find . 
 nothing scares me . 
 not my a ** hole dad , not waking up in the hospital , but crazily this does . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she bites her lip and then says , `` so ... i had a really bad night with my gramps once . 
 some hot , cocky guy who thinks he 's better than me on a snowmachine confused me by showing me he 's more than i thought when he helped . 
 and then he kissed me ... like the best damn kiss , but i pushed him away . '' 
 i 'm trying to figure out what she 's saying . 
 focusing on the fact that she thinks i 'm more and hoping i really am . 
 suddenly , i do n't want to be the guy who downs a pill every few days . 
 she breathes . 
 i breathe . 
 `` i should n't have . 
 pushed him away , i mean . 
 i wish i had n't . '' 
 heat runs the length of my body . 
 damn , i like this girl . 
 actually like her . 
 and i 'm totally wishing we were n't in this tattoo parlor right now . 
 i brush my finger against her stomach , watching goosebumps spread across her skin . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 you 'll get a chance to redeem yourself . 
 he definitely plans on doing it again . '' 
 ... i close the cabin door behind me . 
 we just got home from the tattoo parlor , and i let her go inside while i ran over and gave gary my check-in . 
 she jumps a little and looks at me , her hand sliding over the bass drum . 
 it usually pisses me off when people touch my drums , but this time , it does n't . 
 `` play something for me . '' 
 she gives me a smile . 
 i normally kind of hate this-being on display when someone asks me to play . 
 if it happens naturally , it 's different , but i like the idea of her seeing me in the zone . 
 she 's incredible at everything she does , and drums are one of the only things i have . 
 it 's what i 'm good at , and yeah , i want to show off for her . 
 `` are you sure you can handle it ? 
 i do n't want you to be jealous because i 'm so good . 
 plus , i know how hard it is for girls to resist a guy in a band . '' 
 a sharp stab of fear hits me . 
 i really just f ** ked up by saying band . 
 please do n't let her catch that . 
 she pretends to gag . 
 `` yeah , pot-smoking kids in a basement with a couple of their dad 's old guitars is a serious turn-on . 
 oh , no . 
 i do n't know if i can restrain myself . 
 please , bishop , take me now ! '' 
 `` do n't say i did n't warn you . '' 
 shrugging out of my jacket , i toss it on a table before sitting at the drums . 
 penny sits down on the couch across from me . 
 the room is so small , i know it will be loud for her . 
 only a few feet separate us . 
 i close my eyes as i slide the sticks through my fingers . 
 one , two , three , four , and then my sticks slam down . 
 i go up and down the line , finding the beat and the rhythm i want . 
 over and over , i pound down on it . 
 my heart matches the rhythm . 
 my arms feel the burn , but i welcome it-always welcome this kind of sting because it 's what i crave . 
 i do n't think . 
 never do when i play outside of that stadium . 
 just feel . 
 my body automatically knows what to do . 
 sweat drips into my closed eyes , but i keep going , because this is the one thing i have to offer her . 
 when i finally open my eyes , hers are closed like she 's savoring the beat . 
 my beat . 
 it feels amazing . 
 it makes me proud . 
 playing right now feels better than it ever has , and part of me does n't ever want it to stop , but i do . 
 `` wan na try ? '' 
 she opens her eyes . 
 `` do you have to ask ? '' 
 god , she 's so f ** king cool . 
 i love that she 's always up for anything . 
 i get up so she can sit in my spot behind the drums . 
 `` okay , just - '' my words are cut off by the worst sound i 've ever heard . 
 `` what are you doing ? 
 you 're abusing my shit . '' 
 i grab her arm . 
 `` people do n't realize this is an art . 
 let the expert show you how it 's done . '' 
 we spend the next hour playing . 
 well , she tries to play , and i try to teach , but it 's not coming off so well . 
 i get to touch her a lot , so that 's a plus . 
 my gut hurts from laughing so hard , and i 'm sure hers does , too . 
 finally , she throws the sticks on the floor . 
 `` i 'm done . 
 the drums suck , and you 're a sucky teacher . '' 
 `` tell me you 're kidding . 
 i 'm bis - '' bishop riley . 
 drummer for burn . 
 liar to the girl he likes . 
 `` you hungry ? 
 i 'd offer you pizza or something , but then i 'd have to deal with one of your admirers , and i 'm not in the mood for that right now . '' 
 hopefully , my wink shows her i 'm kidding . 
 she gets up and falls to the couch , kicking her feet up on the table . 
 `` you do n't ever let anything go , do you ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 i sit down beside her , one of my drumsticks in hand . 
 we 're quiet for a few minutes . 
 i keep looking over at her , wondering what she 's thinking . 
 `` so ... you told me about your dad earlier . 
 i can tell you about mine , if you want . '' 
 my insides turn to ice . 
 i do n't know why , but i know this is big . 
 know she does n't like to talk about this , and i feel totally unworthy of knowing because i 'm keeping so much shit from her . 
 but maybe this is a way to tell her . 
 she 'll tell me something , and then i 'll tell her . 
 she 'll understand , i think . 
 get why i did n't tell her who i really am . 
 `` i want to know everything you want to tell me . '' 
 and i put my arm around her , playing with the strands of her hair . 
 it feels even better than the drumstick in my other one . 
 penny looks over at me , all steel strength , somehow filled with softness . 
 `` it 's not like a huge secret or anything . 
 i just do n't like to talk about it . '' 
 `` you do n't have to tell me if you do n't want . '' 
 but i want her to . 
 want to know she wants to tell me . 
 `` you know my one-beer rule ? 
 the reason i watch the guys when they party ? 
 some jerk who was stoned out of his mind hit him while he was on his motorcycle when i was ten . '' 
 every . 
 single . 
 thing inside me explodes . 
 not the good kind , either . 
 she tries to sound like it 's not a big deal , but i know it is . 
 my insides are shredded apart . 
 i start to shake again . 
 panic simmering beneath the surface . 
 do n't let her notice . 
 please do n't let her see i 'm f ** king cracking apart . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 she nods . 
 `` i guess he downed a handful of his pain scrip , chased them down with a few beers , and left me without a dad . 
 sucks . 
 it 's why i do n't drink and why i 'd kill the guys if they ever did anything heavier than that . 
 why i make them give me their keys at parties , and why i hate leaving early because i ca n't be there to make sure they do n't do anything stupid . '' 
 my mouth is so dry , it 's hard to speak . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 and i do n't know where it comes from , but i feel like it was me . 
 it could have been me . 
 not thought or cared about anything except getting messed up and then did something stupid . 
 the mitch conversation takes on a whole new meaning . 
 her fear of being left is because of someone like me . 
 i think about waking up in the hospital . 
 about the pills i 've taken since i 've been here . 
 about the pills in my f ** king bag right now , and for the first time , i feel like a pill-head . 
 i 'm a loser . 
 an addict . 
 i 'm sitting here with my hand in her hair , knowing what happened to her dad when she does n't know about me . 
 it makes me feel like a failure . 
 like i 'm letting her down the way i let mom down . 
 `` you 're quiet . 
 did i totally just ruin the mood or something ? '' 
 i try and shake it off , but i 'm torn in half . 
 not one thing i 've ever done makes me deserve to be here with this girl , but i 've never wanted to be anywhere more . 
 `` we need to put the cream on your tat . 
 i forgot about that . '' 
 getting up , i try to forget what she said . 
 try to take care of her so maybe i 'll deserve to be here a little , because i ca n't stand the thought of not sharing this room with her right now . 
 i grab the tube and walk back over . 
 penny smiles , then leans back on the couch and lifts her shirt . 
 when i sit on the coffee table in front of her , i do n't know if my hands are shaking because i feel guilty , because i want something to take the edge off , or because i want her . 
 `` you 're shaking , '' she says when i pull off the bandage . 
 yeah , it 's definitely partly because of her . 
 `` i know , '' is the only reply i can give her , and then i 'm smearing the cream . 
 my finger brushes her skin , higher and higher , just under her breast . 
 so soft , so gentle because i do n't want to hurt her . 
 you 're already hurting her , she just does n't know it yet . 
 `` it looks amazing on you . 
 you did awesome today . 
 you 're not afraid of anything , are you ? '' 
 instead of answering , she says , `` i thought you were going to kiss me again , bishop . '' 
 i know it 's all kinds of wrong . 
 i should n't do this , but i 'm so broken up inside , i ca n't deny her . 
 not anything . 
 i 'm going to kiss her , and i 'm going to start doing the right thing . 
 i 'm done with this pill thing . 
 done with it all . 
 i kneel on the floor between her legs , pushing my hands through her hair and then i kiss her . 
 our tongues tangle together . 
 our lips mold to each other 's . 
 and i could swear that with each touch , she melts the ice in my veins . 
 i want to tell her everything . 
 i never want to stop kissing her . 
 `` you do n't even know who i am . '' 
 my whispered words are probably the most honest thing i 've said since we met . 
 `` i 've screwed up ... so f ** king much . '' 
 this is the first time it 's hit me exactly how much . 
 but she quiets me with her mouth , and i let her . 
 she leans down and lies on the couch , and i follow her . 
 i kiss her collarbone , behind her ear , before going up to taste her lips again , knowing the whole time i failed . 
 nothing i could ever do would make me proud . 
 please , do n't let me f ** k this up . 
 chapter sixteen penny i dream about lying in bishop 's arms . 
 i dream about him playing drums with his shirt off . 
 i dream about him kissing his way up my neck and how i ca n't get close enough to him . 
 and how he whispers in my ear not to worry and then starts taking off my panties , and i 'm kissing , and we 're kissing , and i 'm frantic , and some horrible ring wo n't stop ... i sit up and forget for a moment where i am . 
 bishop rolls over , catches my eyes , and smiles . 
 `` we fell asleep . '' 
 `` guess so . '' 
 holy . 
 shit . 
 only some of that was a dream . 
 we did kiss . 
 a lot . 
 and there was definitely some under-clothing touching because the guy 's sides are toned . 
 and his back . 
 and his abs . 
 and his chest . 
 `` can you please get your phone ? '' 
 he chuckles as he slides his hand down my arm . 
 my stomach hollows out . 
 crap . 
 it 's my school alarm . 
 i was here all night . 
 mom is going to freak out . 
 `` i got ta go before mom figures out i did n't go home last night . '' 
 i grab my phone , and it takes me four tries to shut the thing up . 
 bishop half-leaps out of bed , but the grogginess all over his face tells me he 's probably not much of a morning person . 
 and he 's not wearing a shirt , which stops me for a second so i can watch him . 
 all the feelings from my dream send a rush of heat through me , and i reach out to touch his side . 
 bishop smiles . 
 his hand covers mine , and he steps close , pulling me into his arms . 
 `` i 'm glad you stayed . 
 i slept so hard last night . '' 
 he says that like it 's not something he usually does . 
 i rest my cheek on his bare chest , wishing with everything in me that i did n't have to go . 
 but i totally do . 
 `` i got ta get out of here . '' 
 he plants a kiss on my temple before slowly releasing me . 
 like he wants me here as much as i want to be here . 
 `` right . 
 your stuff . '' 
 he scans the small floor for anything that might be mine , but i 'm sadly as dressed as i was when we climbed into bed together . 
 i pull up my shirt , remembering my tattoo . 
 `` how 's it look ? '' 
 he kneels on the floor , looking more awake than he has yet . 
 `` hot . '' 
 i laugh because it feels so good to have him say that . 
 `` i got ta run . 
 state 's coming up , and if i do n't have a killer excuse , i have to be at school . '' 
 he stands and runs a hand over my hair , sending waves through me . 
 `` i ca n't wait to see you play again . '' 
 i love that he wants to see me play . 
 for guys who do n't play hockey , it 's usually a turn-off , or intimidation factor or something , and the guys on the team ... well , that obviously does n't work out so well . 
 i grab my coat , let bishop crush me into his arms again to say goodbye , and step quietly out the door into the darkness . 
 i 'm outside , the door is closing , and my cheeks already hurt from smiling . 
 then there 's movement at my house . 
 i freeze . 
 i 'm caught for sure . 
 it 's too late to hide , but then i stop and stare . 
 the silhouette outlined by the small porch light is n't familiar . 
 i tense , thinking some a ** hole 's trying to break into my house as i step off bishop 's porch . 
 mom , in her bathrobe and slippers , appears , smiling up at some guy . 
 what the hell ? 
 there 's some quiet murmurs , then he leans forward , and she kisses him . 
 and then again . 
 and then his arms are around her , and he 's kissing her like i was kissing bishop last night . 
 i 'm frozen and shaking . 
 my stomach turns over . 
 his hand brushes back her hair . 
 with every gesture , my anger rises . 
 mom never even said she was dating ! 
 this is my dad 's parents ' house . 
 and my dad 's bed . 
 and my mom ! 
 the man turns toward an unfamiliar car . 
 ben ? 
 i try to suck in a breath , but i do n't think it works , because i 'm feeling dizzy , like i 'm not getting enough air . 
 dad knew this guy ! 
 i know this guy ! 
 and she lied . 
 she lied to me . 
 that 's it . 
 i need out of here . 
 i head for my truck . 
 and then i realize mom and ben are actually my perfect escape from bishop 's porch . 
 all i have to do is get to my car . 
 i step down onto the snow . 
 `` penny ? '' 
 mom calls with a shaky voice . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 anger races through me so suddenly i do n't think . 
 `` i 'll answer that when you answer me what the f ** k you did last night ? 
 or did i answer myself with the question ? '' 
 okay . 
 probably not the smartest move when even i know that maybe crashing at bishop 's place was n't the best idea . 
 and maybe dropping the f-bomb was also stupid , and that maybe it was too early in the conversation for a counter-attack when i should be walking up to her to explain . 
 the door flies open behind me with a wide-eyed bishop . 
 sadly , wearing a shirt . 
 `` penny . 
 please . 
 this is n't ... '' mom eyes bishop , and her face turns from shock to anger . 
 we 're way past explanations in this moment . 
 and anyway , i 'm a lot closer to my truck than she is . 
 it 's not like the cabins are parked directly under the house . 
 and i 'm parked next to bishop 's . 
 `` penny ! 
 staying the night over there is completely unacceptable ! '' 
 she yells and looks between bishop and me . 
 i ca n't believe she thinks she 's better than me in this situation . 
 ca n't believe she 's been lying to me . 
 `` are we really going to go there right now ? '' 
 ben 's gaze goes from me to mom and back to me . 
 he 's about to be pulled into a mess because both mom and i go too far when we 're pissed . 
 and we 're definitely both pissed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , ms. jones . '' 
 bishop 's voice is all apology . 
 `` we were watching a movie and crashed . 
 i did n't mean - '' mom holds up her hand . 
 `` i need to talk to my daughter . '' 
 guess nice is n't going to work today . 
 `` well i sure as hell do n't need to talk to you . '' 
 i run toward my truck . 
 `` penny ! '' 
 mom yells . 
 `` let her go , '' ben says . 
 like he has a say in anything . 
 only , i 'm sort of hoping she takes his advice , even though i know she wo n't . 
 `` mom . 
 seriously . '' 
 i turn to face her . 
 `` i never hid that i spent time with bishop , something you 'd know if you were ever here . 
 and for some crazy reason , you feel the need to sneak around with a guy when you 're a grown-up ! 
 you did n't even know i was gone last night you were so distracted . 
 i ca n't believe you would invite him here when you have n't even told me about him ! 
 you 're sneaking around more than i am ! 
 you know how i hate being lied to . '' 
 mom starts my way , the anger sliding off her face , but with how every cell in my body is tensed , now is not the time for us to talk . 
 i make it to the driver 's side door and nearly cry . 
 emotions swirl around in my head . 
 i blink a few times , like i 'm not getting enough air and i 'm about to pass out . 
 okay . 
 breathing . 
 right ? 
 like bishop did . 
 i can try that . 
 in . 
 out . 
 in . 
 out . 
 this time , my hands clutch the door handle . 
 why am i reacting this way ? 
 mom has n't been here . 
 i 've been here . 
 i 've missed parties . 
 i 've had nothing but craziness with mitch and rebecca , and bishop , and now it feels like she chose ben over me , over gramps ... she 's left us alone for ben . 
 left me . 
 how could she think it was n't something she could tell me ? 
 i needed bishop 's help to get gramps to bed , and mom gets to be with a guy ? 
 and now she 's pissed that i 'm doing the same thing . 
 only probably not exactly the same thing because bishop and i did n't have sex . 
 i hold in a scream . 
 i try to pull in another breath when i remember this breathing shit does n't work . 
 i slam my fist into the door panel as hard as i can , sending a satisfying shot of pain across my knuckles , up my arm and the sound rings almost like a gunshot . 
 `` penny ! '' 
 mom yells , nothing but anger and disapproval on her voice , but she 's in her slippers and stumbling through the uneven snow . 
 i can get out of here before she reaches me . 
 easy . 
 `` do n't penny me ! 
 a little warning would 've been nice ! '' 
 i jerk open the truck door and slam it behind me . 
 `` penny ! 
 wait ! '' 
 bishop runs for the passenger door and jumps in with an armload of crap just as mom reaches my truck , and just before i put bitty in reverse and haul ass out of the driveway . 
 i ca n't breathe right , and i 'm gripping the steering wheel with everything i have . 
 blood 's running down my knuckles , but the damage was n't enough . 
 not nearly enough to block out the mess in my head . 
 bishop sits in silence as i fly toward the school . 
 it 's only about ten miles or so , but the road is windy up here . 
 bitty slides sideways on a steep curve , and bishop does n't even suck in a breath . 
 `` what the hell are you doing in here ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` making sure you do n't break your truck on the way to school . '' 
 i 'm sure he wants me to react , but i do n't . 
 my chest feels different , though . 
 like i might be able to breathe . 
 `` watch the steering wheel . 
 your handprints might never come out . '' 
 he chuckles , but his eyes are wide enough that i know he 's also worried about me . 
 trying to distract me like he did when i got my tattoo yesterday . 
 my morning crashes in , and my chest feels emptied out . 
 `` she did n't ... i mean , she never said anything . 
 ever . 
 and now i do n't know if i 've been dealing with all the extra stuff at home because she needs to work or because of ben . 
 and i would n't have even minded her seeing him if she was f ** king telling me the truth . '' 
 bishop 's silent for a moment . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i suck in a breath , trying to slow down my heart . 
 `` please . 
 you should be telling me that it 's not a big deal . 
 if i do n't care that she 's dating the guy , what does it matter ? '' 
 only it does matter because mom and i used to talk , and i 'm not sure what changed . 
 bishop rests his hand on my leg . 
 `` i do n't need to tell you stuff you already know . 
 she kept something huge from you . 
 that 's not cool . '' 
 his face falls for a moment before he recovers . 
 and hearing him say it that way cuts into me hard . 
 i 've been left at home alone night after night to deal with gramps , and did not go out with my friends , because mom would rather spend time with ben than me . 
 now i 'm blinking in a bad effort of trying not to cry in front of bishop . 
 he gives my thigh a squeeze . 
 `` you 're like me . 
 you 're hurt , but it 's easier to be pissed . '' 
 warmth spreads through me because i know he gets it . 
 just like he gets my need to stay in alaska and play with the guys . 
 like he gets everything about me . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 i try to wipe my tears without it being obvious , but i 'm sure i fail . 
 `` a shrink ? '' 
 i 'm still confused and a little angry and a lot hurt , but better . 
 `` nope . 
 i just want you to know i understand . 
 and that your mom is scary when she yells . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` but i want you guys to get along so i can see you and for selfish reasons like she brings me clean towels , and i do n't want one that 's used for a dog or something . '' 
 i love that he 's trying to make me laugh right now . 
 `` i feel like such ... just wimpy . '' 
 i slide low in my seat . 
 `` this is n't like me . '' 
 `` penny . 
 how many people would bloody their knuckles before school on purpose , and still want to slam their fists into something else ? 
 you 're not wimpy . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` i 'm right , are n't i ? 
 that you 'd like a good punching bag right now ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i let myself smile a little . 
 `` i 'm going to be late for school . 
 how did you plan on getting back ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i did n't really think about that , just wanted to make sure you were okay . 
 i 'll hitchhike or something . '' 
 he did n't think about how he 'd get back because he was thinking about me . 
 i pull the keys from the ignition . 
 am i really going to do this ? 
 no one drives bitty . 
 no one . 
 `` you can drive bitty home , but if you scratch her , i kick your ass . 
 and it means you 'll have to pick me up from hockey practice at about four-thirty . '' 
 i set the keys in his hand , and his dark brown eyes rest on mine for a moment . 
 bishop looks down then and starts tugging at the bundle of stuff in his arms , looking all busy like maybe being close to someone is as different for him as it is for me . 
 `` i grabbed a pair of my pants in case you did n't want to stay in sweats all day . '' 
 a pair of jeans falls in my lap . 
 `` you 're tall anyway , so i thought they should work . 
 and i brought a hoodie , too . '' 
 his black hoodie sits on the seat between us . 
 `` you know . 
 cover up so not every single guy at your school is drooling . 
 and i think we 're supposed to put cream on your tattoo again . '' 
 `` wow , mom . 
 thanks . '' 
 but i 'm smiling wide because he did all this for me . 
 i ca n't even remember the last time someone took care of me like this . 
 `` let 's do the fun part first . 
 show me your tattoo . '' 
 he waggles his brows , and i lift my shirt to scoot over . 
 well , and to feel his hands on me . 
 and then i have a better idea . 
 `` let me change into your pants first . '' 
 i pull my sweats off , and it was worth it for the look on his face as i sit in my panties to pull on his jeans . 
 because , to him , i 'm a real girl . 
 his pants are a little big , but i 'll make them work . 
 when his hands touch my tattoo again , sending a rush of anticipation through me , i 'm suddenly not sure if this morning is one of my worst , or one of my best . 
 when i finally flop into first period , chomps gives me a raised brow and a smirk . 
 `` whose ass did you kick for those clothes ? '' . 
 i flip him off but smile because they smell like bishop . 
 and then i remember why i 'm wearing his clothes , and that i 'm still mad , and that he 's home while i 'm here , and if i did n't have to be at stupid school , we could be together , and all the sadness , anger and frustration from my morning starts flooding in . 
 no one bothers me for the rest of the day . 
 i must look as furious as i feel . 
 how could mom not say anything about ben ? 
 how many nights could she have been home and was n't ? 
 and then , the other night when she did come home , she was all in my business , trying to get me to go to bed on time , and suddenly cares what 's going on ? 
 and then she makes it home too late to see if i 'm home or not , but not too late to screw the guy she has n't told me she 's seeing ? 
 today is a timed mile for pe . 
 i run four . 
 it 's still not enough to ease the tension . 
 chapter seventeen bishop i slept with penny . 
 well , not slept with her , slept with her , but i actually fell asleep without lying around for hours first , and i actually slept through the night . 
 and i 'm not talking passed out either because those are entirely different things . 
 all i know is , i was making out with her and it felt good , so good and so different and we were just lying there , and then her annoying phone had to go and wake us up . 
 i slow down before i hit the turn in front of me . 
 i 'd love to give her a little gas , see what it feels like to get bitty 's wheels spinning the way penny does , but i also know i have enough marks against me that i do n't want to add crashing her truck to the list . 
 that thought makes last night slam into me again . 
 not the good parts , either . 
 the parts where she told me a loser who liked to party too much killed her dad . 
 someone just like me . 
 and i did n't tell her . 
 i kissed her , touched her , but i could n't make my weak-ass mouth open to tell her the truth . 
 i 'm not stupid enough not to realize this is n't huge . 
 that i 'm not doing the wrong thing by lying to her , but also because of everything else : the drinking , the pills , the hospital . 
 yeah , way too much to even count . 
 all the ways i 've thought i 've been doing good since i 've been here suddenly do n't amount to much . 
 my fist itches to hit something the way she slammed her fist into the truck 's side . 
 i remember her hands , and the way it felt like she punched me when i saw the blood dripping down them . 
 it sucks to see your girl hurt , and all i wanted to do was make it better . 
 all of it : me , the pain , and her mom . 
 damn , that was intense . 
 and then just now ... i told her how huge it was her mom lied to her , but what about me ? 
 i 'm doing the same thing . 
 i know i 'm screwed when i get back to the cabins because her mom yelled at me to leave her alone this morning , but all i could think about was that penny would freeze her ass off in that tank top . 
 that she needed the cream for her tat so it heals right . 
 that i did n't want her to be alone when she was hurt . 
 it sucks to deal with that stuff alone , and i do n't want that for her . 
 do n't want any of the shit that clouds my life to rain down on her . 
 she 's too good for that . 
 too good for me . 
 all this time , and i 'm just now realizing how screwed up i am . 
 and when she finds out , she 'll probably try and kick my ass . 
 i pull the truck into the driveway and park it right in front of their house , wishing like hell i did n't have to do this , but hoping it will fix the situation . 
 if i tell her the truth , hopefully penny wo n't get in trouble for it later . 
 it 's not enough to forgive my sins , but maybe it can be one thing to be proud of . 
 my hands shake as i jog up the stairs , but i ignore it and knock on the door . 
 half of me hopes gramps opens up so we can work on the car and i can forget about her mom , but then that would make me a coward , and i 'm done being afraid of everything . 
 again , i knock , louder this time , so she knows i 'm not going to let her ignore me . 
 i saw her mom 's car , so i know she 's home . 
 a couple seconds later , the door pulls open . 
 she 's wearing her scrubs for work and a scowl that 's probably half the size of seldon . 
 i 'm so screwed . 
 `` umm , hey . '' 
 my hands shove into my pockets . 
 i 've never had to do this kind of thing before . 
 i joined the band so young , most of the girls i 've dated have been groupies , so it 's not like i had to do the whole meet-the-parent thing . 
 `` i 'm bishop ... well , obviously , you know i 'm bishop . 
 i wanted to come by and apologize about this morning . 
 it was n't penny 's fault . 
 we were playing the drums and then she fell asleep during the movie . 
 i should have woken her up , but i did n't ... so yeah , it 's not her fault . 
 it 's mine . '' 
 if anything , the scowl is even deeper now . 
 i wonder if penny realizes her and her mom are alike in that they can both smell bullshit a mile away . 
 not that we did n't just fall asleep , but this woman knows there was more than movie and drums going on last night . 
 `` it wo n't happen again . '' 
 my words do n't make her stop looking at me like i 'm something she stepped in . 
 `` it was an accident , but my accident . '' 
 shut the hell up , riley ! 
 `` are you done ? '' 
 she asks . 
 yep , definitely screwed . 
 `` i know who you are , bishop . '' 
 my head drops back , and i let out a breath . 
 this is it now . 
 she 's definitely not going to keep this secret . 
 not that it should be a secret anymore . 
 secrets mean lies , and penny hates being lied to . 
 `` i 've seen your type before . '' 
 the weight on my chest lessens . 
 she does n't know . 
 not about the band and the other stuff . 
 `` you came here with a chip on your shoulder , your family throwing money around and renting out the place . 
 you buy your drums , which i know had to cost a fortune , and sit around banging on them all day without a care in the world , and i was okay with that . 
 okay that gramps is fond of you , that you spend half your time here when you obviously think you 're better than the rest of everyone - '' `` i do n't , '' i cut her off , knowing it 's wrong , but at this point , i do n't care . 
 `` i do n't think i 'm better than gramps ... penny ... '' she holds up her hand . 
 `` like i said , i was okay with that as long as it did n't affect my daughter . 
 now it does . 
 she 's a good girl . 
 she loves her family . 
 she 's smart . 
 incredible at hockey . 
 she has a huge future ahead of her . 
 she 'll be leaving soon for college , and penny 's excited about that . 
 i do n't want anything to get in her way . 
 penny may be friends with boys , but that 's the only way she 's ever seen them . 
 she 's definitely not like that other girl i saw going into your cabin last week . '' 
 ah , shit . 
 she knows about maryanne . 
 `` her attitude this morning was so unlike her . 
 you 're the only thing that 's changed to make her act this way . '' 
 my first instinct is to tell her she does n't know her own daughter . 
 yeah , penny is all the things she said , and she 's definitely not like maryanne , but she also does n't want to go . 
 she does n't want the future they 're trying to shove down her throat , and second , she 's much stronger than her mom gives her credit for . 
 shaking my head , i know i 'll regret this later . 
 this woman can kick us out , make penny stay away from me , but i ca n't keep my mouth shut . 
 `` i may be all the things you think i am , and in a lot of ways , penny is as well , but you do n't really know her . 
 not if you think she 'd let someone like me stand in the way of her life . 
 she 's not afraid to step up and take whatever she wants . 
 i do n't know a lot of people who can say that , if anyone . '' 
 with that , i turn and walk away from her . 
 i should probably go pack my stuff , but i do n't . 
 for the first time , i go to gary 's for something other than a pill or mandatory therapy session . 
 `` troy , i got ta let you go , baby , '' gary says into the phone as i step inside . 
 and for the first time , i do n't even want to give him crap for talking to troy so often . 
 i actually kind of get it-especially since this alaska thing is something they usually do together . 
 and if i was n't here , i think i 'd want to talk to penny every day , too . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he rubs a hand over his shaggy hair and sits down on the couch next to me , closing his laptop on the table . 
 he 's in a pair of flannel pajama bottoms , looks like he could use a shave , and i notice a new pair of earrings in his ears . 
 `` gift from troy ? '' 
 i nod at his ears . 
 `` yep . 
 i doubt that 's what you 're here for , though . 
 you doing okay ? '' 
 yes and no . 
 i 'm not exactly sure why i came here . 
 `` yeah , i 'm good . '' 
 gary waits , and i realize he 's good at this . 
 he 's probably sat with a lot of people like me who had the weight of the world on their shoulders but could n't make themselves talk , to make some of it fall away . 
 `` so ... did you hear any yelling outside this morning or did you sleep through it ? '' 
 this is kind of weird . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 i sleep through your drumming half the night . 
 i can sleep through anything . '' 
 i scratch my head , keeping my hand as a wall between us . 
 `` so , penny was sneaking out of my cabin this morning , and her mom caught her . 
 i just tried to - '' `` no ! 
 no , no , no , no . 
 i knew you guys were getting close , and it 's actually kind of romantic , but no ! 
 don 's going to kill me . 
 i ca n't believe you boinked the girl at her mom 's house ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 my hand falls . 
 `` first of all , a guy should never say ` boinked . ' 
 second , i have n't slept with her . 
 i mean , i slept with her , but i did n't have sex with her . '' 
 little heart thought bubbles start floating around gary . 
 `` aww , you slept with her ! 
 why , bishop riley . 
 i did n't think you had it in you . 
 are you in l-o-v-e ? '' 
 he 's teasing me by trying to lighten the mood . 
 i know that , but still do n't like it . 
 `` nice . '' 
 i push to my feet . 
 `` i 'm trying to be serious here , and you 're giving me shit . '' 
 when i start to walk away , gary grabs my wrist . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 you did n't have to come to me , and you did . 
 that 's important . 
 sit back down , please . '' 
 rubbing my hands over my face , i fall back onto the couch . 
 `` listen , i just got into it with her mom . 
 i think it 's safe to say she hates me and thinks i 'm pretty much the spawn of the devil , so i 'm not sure how much longer this gig is going to last . 
 i know don 's going to be pissed , but i did n't mean for it to happen and ... '' i 'm not ready to go . 
 i do n't want to screw this up . 
 i do n't want to be like the loser who gets in his car after partying . 
 as soon as i think those words , i know what comes next . 
 i am all those things everyone thinks i am , unless i can man up , at least about some of them . 
 `` i 'm sure penny will agree with her mom pretty soon because i 'm going to tell her . '' 
 this is all eating a hole inside me , the lying . 
 her dad . 
 i have to try to do something about it . 
 `` don will probably be angry about that , too , but i do n't care . '' 
 gary is surprisingly quiet , so i keep talking . 
 `` she was so pissed at her mom this morning , man . 
 so pissed because her mom lied to her , and i 'm doing the same damn thing . 
 she 's going to freak out . '' 
 i ca n't stop thinking about it . 
 `` you do n't want to deal with a pissed off penny , but i just ... '' just ca n't lie to her anymore . 
 she deserves better than that . 
 i deserve better than that . 
 `` so yeah , i just wanted to tell you . 
 be prepared or whatever . '' 
 when i stand up this time , gary is right behind me . 
 he grabs me and pulls me into a hug . 
 `` we all screw up . 
 no one is perfect . 
 you 're a good kid , bishop . 
 do n't let anyone make you think anything different . 
 no matter what , okay ? '' 
 he 's still holding onto me , and i let him . 
 `` if things do n't work out here and you 're not ready to go home , we wo n't . 
 when you 're not grumpy , you 're not so bad to travel with . '' 
 gary laughs and lets me go . 
 `` i. . . 
 thanks , man . '' 
 he gives me a nod . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 wherever you want , okay ? 
 and as far as don is concerned , i 'll take care of him . 
 he 's not so bad if you know how to deal with him . '' 
 i nod again . 
 `` and bishop , you have n't even needed much of your prescription . 
 you 're spending your time drumming and snow-whatevering instead of the things you would have done before . 
 you 're doing good . 
 i 'm proud of you , but i want you to be proud of yourself . 
 you deserve it . '' 
 no , no i do n't . 
 `` like you said , something small every day . '' 
 `` this was n't small , bishop . '' 
 his cell rings . 
 i shake my head , but not at him . 
 at me because he thinks i 'm much better than i am . 
 because the things he said i 've done are pointless because they do n't outweigh the bad-those bad things that i 'm not even honest with him about . 
 it makes my stomach ache . 
 `` talk to your man . '' 
 i move toward the door . 
 `` i 'm going to go wait for penny . '' 
 `` it 's not troy and even if it was , we 'd keep talking if you wanted . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 and now i just need to do something to make myself deserve it . 
 i take a quick shower , wondering if it 'll be the last one i get while i 'm here . 
 before leaving , i push the baseball hat down low on my head . 
 i 'm so tired of wearing this stupid thing . 
 i head to the music store for a little while to hang out with pat . 
 `` what 's up , man ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` not much . 
 was just bored . '' 
 `` cool . 
 been a while since you came down . '' 
 pat 's good people . 
 it 's cool hanging out with him , and i wonder why i do n't do it more often . 
 plus , he could have blown my cover a long time ago , but he has n't . 
 `` wan na play ? '' 
 his eyes light up . 
 `` hell yeah . '' 
 we jam for a little while-okay , a couple hours , before a few kids come in . 
 `` you like the drums ? '' 
 i step up next to the one with the shaved head , eyeing the kit . 
 `` yeah ! 
 they 're so cool ! '' 
 i look over at pat and he nods . 
 `` want me to play something ? '' 
 i ask them and they look at me like i 'm an idiot , so i sit down and show them what i can do . 
 it 's like it 's coming from within me-this incredible feeling sprouting from my insides and coming out through the drumsticks . 
 `` holy cow ! '' 
 the other boy says when i finish . 
 `` you 're good ! 
 can you teach us something ? '' 
 the next hour and a half is spent teaching them some rhythms and freestyle tricks . 
 it 's actually pretty cool . 
 the bald kid reminds me of when i started playing . 
 he 's good . 
 this-teaching him-feels even better than that . 
 finally , it 's close to time for penny to get out of school , so i head out . 
 she still has practice , but i go to the school anyway . 
 i feel like watching her , since i probably wo n't get to see her game . 
 i 'm sure she 'll be done with me after what i tell her today . 
 standing in the doorway to the arena , i watch her on the ice . 
 my mind flashes back to her in the truck this morning-how she just pulled off her sweats in front of me like i deserved to be there and see her . 
 like i belonged there with her . 
 like i told her mom , nothing holds her back . 
 i realize i 'm smiling when i head inside . 
 she 's skated to the back , but all the guys are out here , still in their big ass hockey gear . 
 mitch does a double take when he sees me and then skates over . 
 `` what 's up , man ? '' 
 even though penny used to be into him , he 's all right . 
 the least i can do is be cool . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he has his helmet in his huge , glove-covered hand . 
 `` you here for our girl ? '' 
 `` whose girl ? 
 nope , not here for your girl . '' 
 mitch grins at me . 
 then chomps skates up , doing the same . 
 `` you guys got something to say ? '' 
 this is the part where they tell me not to screw up with penny , and though i respect them for it , i do n't need to hear it from them . 
 i know exactly how lucky i am . 
 and i know i 've already f ** ked up , too . 
 chomps 's smile grows , but it 's mitch who speaks . 
 `` we 're going sledding in a few days . 
 you wan na come ? '' 
 sledding ? 
 what are we , twelve ? 
 `` nah , i 'm good . 
 thanks . '' 
 `` it 'll be fun . '' 
 chomps nods his head at me . 
 `` you can borrow gear from pen , or we 'll bring some for you . '' 
 `` gear ? 
 i 'm pretty sure i can handle a sled without gear . '' 
 they both laugh , and mitch leans over and puts an arm around me . 
 `` this is going to be fun ! 
 got ta make sure you 're tough enough for our girl . '' 
 he steps away . 
 my shoulders rise and fall in a shrug . 
 `` believe me . 
 i have what it takes . '' 
 they start laughing again , and i open my mouth to tell them to screw off , when penny skates toward us , sliding to a stop next to the wall . 
 `` what are you doing here so early ? 
 you 're going to get bored . '' 
 she leans toward me , her eyes bright . 
 yeah , she wanted to see me , too . 
 she pushes her way through mitch and chomps who skate off , still laughing at something , but i could n't care less . 
 i did n't come here to deal with them . 
 for the first time , i want to take my hat off instead of pulling it lower . 
 `` i wanted to watch you , pen . '' 
 she opens her mouth , closes it , and opens it again . 
 for the first time , penny jones does n't know what to say . 
 `` you can sit in the stands , but if i see you looking sideways at rebecca , i might freak . '' 
 there 's the girl i know . 
 reaching forward , i touch her face . 
 `` if she 's not kicking ass on the ice , or challenging me at snowmachining , she 's not my type . '' 
 i wink at her before heading over to sit down on the bleachers . 
 for the second time , i leave her speechless . 
 `` so , you and penny , huh ? '' 
 i look over to see mitch 's girl a few rows up . 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` thank god . '' 
 rebecca laughs but then looks shy about it , looking away and kind of biting at her lip . 
 `` seriously though ... it 's cool to see her happy and not just because she wants mitch - '' `` used to want mitch . '' 
 my gut tightens . 
 and maybe will want him again after she knows the truth . 
 `` i did n't mean anything by it . '' 
 again she looks away . 
 she 's so different from penny . 
 not that that 's a bad thing . 
 just different . 
 `` and ? '' 
 i prompt her to see if she 'll keep going . 
 `` i know she would n't believe it , but i 'm happy for her . 
 penny 's cool , even if she hates me and insists on calling me rebecca when she knows i like becca better . '' 
 her voice is so quiet that i have to strain to hear her over the sound of skates on ice . 
 i chuckle . 
 `` that sounds like her , and yeah , she is cool . 
 and i 'm sure she does n't really hate you . '' 
 i smile at becca before leaning back in the seat to watch penny practice . 
 i expect to see drills or something , but they 're slamming into each other like they do in games , only they punch one another for fun when they get hit . 
 this is some serious shit , and i like her even more for it . 
 that she 's not afraid to be out there giving as many hits as she takes . 
 though , that could really backfire when i tell her what a prick i am . 
 chapter eighteen penny damn , the boy can give a compliment . 
 he sits four rows lower , way off to the side of rebecca , and watches until we finish . 
 `` so , you and the renter , huh ? '' 
 mitch throws an arm over my shoulder as we head off the ice which feels nowhere near as good as it did before bishop came along . 
 `` it 's bishop , and he 's just giving me a ride home . '' 
 and hopefully more of last night when we get there . 
 he cocks an eyebrow . 
 `` he 's been here for a long time for someone who 's only giving you a ride . '' 
 i raise my hands in the air with a grin . '' 
 'cause i 'm awesome on the ice . 
 who would n't want to see this ? '' 
 mitch leans in . 
 `` you 're not fooling me , pen . 
 just admit you like the guy . '' 
 `` i might . '' 
 i pull off my helmet to cool down . 
 `` feels good , does n't it ? '' 
 mitch smiles . 
 `` that he came to watch . '' 
 `` screw off . '' 
 i grin as i push him . 
 but yeah , it feels good . 
 now i get it . 
 why mitch likes rebecca here . 
 i give bishop a wave before heading to the locker room to shower and change . 
 for the first time that i can remember , i know it 'll feel good to get out of my hockey gear and back into something that makes me feel like a girl-even if it 's wearing a guy 's clothes . 
 ... we drive home in silence , but bishop looks twitchy . 
 he keeps readjusting his hat and rubbing his hands together . 
 it 's making me a little crazy . 
 `` you were amazing out there , '' he says again . 
 it 's obvious he has something he wants to say . 
 `` you said that already . '' 
 he shifts again . 
 `` bishop . 
 just spit it out . 
 you 're making me insane over here . '' 
 i give my knuckles a little rub . 
 after hitting bitty , and then wearing my hockey gloves , they 're all irritated again . 
 he pushes out a breath of air . 
 `` so you know how you asked me who i am ? '' 
 the edges of nerves are creeping in with how weird and tense his voice sounds . 
 `` yeah ... '' `` shit . '' 
 he rubs his face . 
 `` okay . 
 my name 's not ripe . 
 it 's bishop riley . 
 i 'm the youngest member of burn . 
 i 'm the drummer , and - '' i laugh . 
 hard . 
 and then our eyes catch , and his are so wide and serious that it makes me laugh harder . 
 `` shut up . 
 i call bullshit . '' 
 that band is hot . 
 what is he trying to pull ? 
 he fingers his lip ring and stares . 
 is he serious ? 
 `` no . '' 
 i shake my head , which is starting to feel light and floaty and strange with the possibility of who he is . 
 `` no way . 
 i know that band . '' 
 there 's no way he 's some rock star . 
 no way . 
 but even as i think that , it means that a lot of things about him make sense . 
 how he 's always hiding under that hat . 
 the name . 
 the drumming that 's unreal . 
 the babysitter . 
 freaking pat who got all smiley when we came in , who should have called me when he knew . 
 maybe that whole anxiety crowd thing is a serious problem . 
 i thought he was going lose it after my game . 
 `` your iphone in here ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i point to the front pocket of my pack , but i 'm starting to tense up like he might not be bullshitting me . 
 was some rock star living next to me this whole time ? 
 bishop pulls it out and scrolls for a minute . 
 `` here . '' 
 it 's the label art for burn . 
 all five guys . 
 it 's black and white and a bit grainy , but holy . 
 shit . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 i mean , i knew he was keeping stuff to himself , but , `` what the hell ? '' 
 my heart feels like it 's beating too high up in my chest , making it hard to breathe or swallow . 
 how did i end up sharing a hot tub and kissing some guy who 's part of a kick-ass band and not know ? 
 `` part of me being up here is not letting on who i am . 
 i want you to know , but i do n't want you to know , because cool people turn into weird people when they learn who i am . '' 
 he sounds so defeated . 
 `` they look at me different . 
 treat me different . 
 i do n't want - '' usually , no one knows who the drummer of a band is , but when they 're young-and hot-people notice . 
 i ca n't believe i did n't see it before . 
 i mean , maybe if i spent as much time in front of the tv or reading stupid magazines as some people i know , i would have recognized him . 
 so , i 'm freaking out . 
 honestly . 
 but no way am i going to let him see that . 
 `` wait . 
 you think i 'm not going to give you crap just because you 're some drummer in a band ? '' 
 i c * ck a brow . 
 `` like i wo n't demand a rematch of your total fluke win on the snowmachine ? 
 or double check all your work on my car to make sure you did n't screw anything up ? '' 
 i laugh , but it 's a little forced because i 'm sitting in the truck with a drummer from a band that i know . 
 `` are you actually pissed , freaking out , and trying to hide it ? '' 
 he pulls off his hat and runs his hand over his hair . 
 `` no . '' 
 yes . 
 totally yes . 
 he sighs . 
 i look at him and he looks nervous . 
 upset . 
 like this is a really big deal to him . 
 `` you answered too fast . 
 i know you hate it when people lie to you ... fuck , this is such a screwed-up situation . 
 i did n't expect to ... '' he shrugs , looking more somber than i 've ever seen him look . 
 `` to fall for someone up here . 
 especially since - '' he shakes his head . 
 fall for someone . 
 something decidedly girly flutters in my chest . 
 i clear my throat . 
 `` i do hate it when people lie to me . 
 but i knew you were n't telling me everything . 
 it 's not like you kept that a secret . 
 you even asked me not to dig , which is admitting something 's up . 
 i do n't know . 
 i guess that makes it feel different . 
 or at least , i want it to feel different . '' 
 i stop bitty in my driveway . 
 i 'm trying not to think about how totally freaking out i am , because a rock star drummer-bishop riley-is in my car . 
 i 'm wearing his clothes . 
 and we slept together last night . 
 he sighs . 
 `` there 's more , penny . '' 
 nothing could be bigger than what he 's just told me , so it can wait . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 mom 's car is thankfully not here . 
 `` i need to hide for a while . '' 
 bishop follows me in silence up to my top story room . 
 i lock the hatch behind us , hoping mom wo n't be back for a while . 
 i slide my arms around his waist , and enjoy feeling the warmth of him so close . 
 i try not to do any kind of internal squealing at who he is . 
 his fingers slide across the back of his pants . 
 the ones i 'm wearing . 
 `` i like you in my clothes . '' 
 i gently bite his bottom lip . 
 `` you also might like me out of them ... a little . '' 
 he moves his head when i try to kiss him . 
 `` pen . 
 i. . . 
 shit . 
 i have a problem with - '' `` freaking out in large crowds . '' 
 i chuckle , even though i 'm still wound up tight . 
 it all makes sense now : his reaction at my hockey game , why he did n't share , and why he 's here alone . 
 `` i know . 
 you picked a good spot if you do n't like people but do n't think that gets you out of watching me play . 
 they have pills for that stuff , and i want you at my next game . '' 
 i poke him in the chest and then stare for a moment at where my finger just was , because after last night , i want another shot at being that close to him . 
 but now i 'm wondering what happens when he leaves . 
 when he goes back to his real life . 
 or maybe i need to be just thinking about now . 
 what i want now . 
 how i 'm finally the girl a guy likes enough to be with and not just flirt with . 
 not just any guy , either . 
 bishop . 
 the only guy who gets me . 
 he opens his mouth like he 's got more to say , so i smile , hoping he 'll smile . 
 it 's strange to see him like this-so uncertain . 
 i want to ask him more about being famous , playing the drums , his band , but i do n't want him to feel like i 'm going to get weird on him over it , either . 
 it 's obvious this is embarrassing for him . 
 or awkward or something , which sort of makes him sweeter . 
 nicer . 
 like he could have come up here and been an a ** hole and demanded something different or special because of who he is , but instead he tried to blend . 
 or hide . 
 `` come ? '' '' 
 ` course i 'll come . '' 
 he sighs again and pulls in a deep breath . 
 `` that 's not the only reason i - '' i cut him off . 
 `` later . '' 
 or i 'll lose my nerve . 
 `` but - '' i grab the bottom of his hoodie and pull it over my head followed quickly by the tank i slept in last night . 
 the move leaves me in my black bra and the pants he loaned me . 
 his fingers trace the top of my pants , and then slide up , fingering the bottom edge of my bra sending my whole body into a frenzy of wanting his weight on me again . 
 instead of collapsing into the puddle of goo my body wants me to , i hold out my hand . 
 `` so , can i have your shirt , or are you going to let me be the only one half-naked ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` um ... '' his fingers are still tracing , and his gaze has n't left my stomach . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't tell you about - '' `` stop . 
 bishop . 
 i get it . 
 you did n't want to be recognized . 
 can we talk later ? 
 i do n't know my mom 's schedule , only that she 's not here now . '' 
 i do n't want being around him to be about apologizing for something that really is just a part of him . 
 `` this does n't change who you are to me . 
 okay ? 
 so , do i get your shirt or not ? '' 
 he groans , but slides his shirt over his head . 
 our bodies come together at the same time as our mouths . 
 the heat from his skin on mine tingles its way through my body , fueling my need to be closer , to have more . 
 his hands dig into my back as he pulls us together , and i 'm matching him pressure for pressure , touch for touch , kiss for kiss , as deep as we can go . 
 i stumble backward as he slowly leads us toward my blanket and pillow pile . 
 no matter how much of him i feel , it 's not enough . 
 in seconds i 'm on the floor while he hovers over me , almost like i wanted . 
 he pauses and searches my face , and then his gaze floats over my body , looking at me so much the same as mitch looks at rebecca . 
 my stomach tightens with anticipation and the feeling of being wanted . 
 his eyes come back to mine , and something 's different . 
 slower . 
 like he wants every touch to count . 
 every movement to count . 
 he teases me with his lips a few times before i wrap my arms around him and pull him down . 
 so this is why people say they `` melt together . '' 
 i 've always wondered . 
 like melting candle wax , and blending colors-the more we 're together and kissing , the less i can tell where i stop and he starts . 
 his weight 's on me again . 
 i want him . 
 seriously want him . 
 and it has nothing to do with who he is in the world . 
 it has to do with who he is here . 
 the guy who dishes it out , but can take it , and does n't just put up with me , but seems to like it . 
 my hands go up and down his sides , on his back , across his shoulders , in his hair , and i 'm running out of places to touch that wo n't lead me way into new territory . 
 he rolls onto his side bringing me with him , and i sit up gasping for air . 
 i 'm afraid , but not afraid . 
 mostly , i do n't feel in control of what my body wants , and that 's a first for me . 
 `` your tattoo . 
 i 'm sorry , '' he says . 
 `` i did n't - '' `` my tattoo 's fine . 
 i just want to look at you . '' 
 i sit on my knees and gently push on his chest . 
 it takes him a while to relax enough lay down on his back the way i want him . 
 `` so weird . 
 you do n't act like a famous guy . '' 
 `` i 'm just me . '' 
 i keep staring at his bare chest and abs and arms , loving the newness of it all and amazed that i 'm not more nervous or afraid . 
 it 's that i believe he wants to be here . 
 wants to see me , touch me , and have me do all those same things to him . 
 my body warms up again , but it 's not from the need to feel him closer like it was before . 
 it 's the closeness and the trust and the way i 'm falling for a guy i 'm still discovering . 
 he pulls in a long breath . 
 `` this takes a serious amount of trust . '' 
 `` chicken ? '' 
 i tease . 
 `` afraid of you , '' he teases back . 
 `` close your eyes . '' 
 my heartbeat 's flooding my ears , and my breathing still is n't normal . 
 i sit next to where he lies on the floor and wait . 
 and wait . 
 i do n't blink , do n't move , just stare into the dark eyes that pull me in , hoping he 'll cave . 
 `` fuck , '' he whispers but does it . 
 he closes his eyes , but his body 's still tense . 
 i want to take in everything about him . 
 i run my fingers across his forehead and down the sides of his face . 
 i touch his cheekbones , and smooth my finger over his lips and lip ring . 
 instead of tensing up , he relaxes . 
 the few pictures i 've seen of him in magazines sort of float through my head , but they feel disconnected from the guy lying in front of me . 
 like that guy is one person , and this bishop is someone else entirely . 
 i start to think about the girl who came up here , and how many other girls there might have been , but i start to feel edgy and self-conscious , so i concentrate again on what 's happening now . 
 what i know about him . 
 who he is to me . 
 my thigh is pressed against his side , and i move my fingers down his neck and across his collarbone . 
 and even though i do n't want it to , it hits me again-this is bishop riley . 
 i 'm touching bishop riley . 
 the guy who lets me be real , and likes me anyway . 
 the guy who risked mom 's wrath this morning , and thought to get my cream and clothes for school today . 
 i run each hand down his muscular arms and trace all the veins and contours-there are a lot . 
 a very nice side effect of playing the drums . 
 his palms are smooth , and he clasps my hand the moment our fingers touch . 
 he opens his eyes and pulls his arms out to the side , which brings me close . 
 we kiss once before i pull away . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` i 'm not done . '' 
 `` i might be insane by the time you finish . '' 
 the need in his eyes should scare me , but it does n't . 
 it just makes me feel more like i made a really good decision in coming here . 
 `` i 'm okay with that . '' 
 i sit back and run my hands over his chest , under the line where his pecs are cut and then down his toned stomach . 
 my fingertips slide underneath the top of his boxers , and i run them back and forth at the edge of the waistband , which just shows above his jeans . 
 i could sit here and touch him like this for hours . 
 `` yeah , definitely going insane . '' 
 he sits up and pulls us together , while avoiding touching my tattoo . 
 the heat from him almost gives my body what it needs to take over again , and he brushes his lips against mine . 
 when i do n't protest , his kiss is slow and deep , once again making me feel like he 's exploring every part of me . 
 `` time for you to relinquish control for a minute . '' 
 his lips touch mine as he speaks . 
 my heart starts hammering at the thought . 
 `` i - '' i was going to say i do n't think so , but the way he 's looking at me ... i let him take my hands with his and guide me to lying down next to him . 
 close . 
 touching . 
 i ca n't take in a deep breath with his bare chest against me , but i love it . 
 love that he does this to me , to my body . 
 love that he wants to be here . 
 wants to have this effect on me . 
 our eyes lock in the dim light . 
 `` you 're beautiful , penny . '' 
 all i can do is smile because , for the first time , i feel beautiful . 
 bishop hovers , holding my hands over my head , pinning me down . 
 how far does he want to go ? 
 my muscles begin to tense as i wonder if i can do that . 
 if i 'm ready . 
 `` i do n't think i can go all the - '' `` we 're not going there . '' 
 he kisses me softly . 
 `` i wo n't rush you . '' 
 i 'm feeling too much at once , so teasing feels safer . 
 `` you know i could push you off , right ? '' 
 i press up with my arms so he can feel how strong i am . 
 `` i know . '' 
 his face is still soft . 
 `` but do n't . '' 
 okay . 
 trust . 
 like he said . 
 i can do this . 
 i relax my arms , every nerve in my body aware that bishop riley is hovering over my half nak * d body , and i 've just given up control . 
 i let my eyes close as his lips touch my collarbone . 
 this is a whole lot of firsts for penny jones . 
 chapter nineteen bishop `` this car is going to be the death of me ! '' 
 gramps wipes the sweat off his forehead , leaving a big trail of dirt behind . 
 quickly , i disregard the urge to tell him in case i need a joke later . 
 i slip my hand in and tighten one of the bolts he just screwed in . 
 `` do n't tell me you 're giving up , old man . 
 you ca n't take it ? 
 i thought you were better than that . '' 
 i c * ck an eyebrow , waiting for whatever smart-aleck remark he has . 
 `` and i thought you knew better than to try and play me , rookie . 
 i may be old , but all that means is i 'm better . 
 had a whole hell-of-a lot more time to hone my skills than you . 
 here , let me get a tissue and wipe your nose for you . '' 
 he moves his hand toward my face , but i playfully push it away . 
 a laugh rumbles from deep in my stomach and spills free . 
 gramps is so cool . 
 he 's unlike anyone i 've ever known , but there 's no way i 'm telling him that . 
 `` maybe you should sit down . 
 i do n't want you to get tired on me . 
 where 's your walker ? '' 
 gramps grabs for me , and i let him put me in a headlock . 
 `` you little punk ! 
 i do n't have a walker ! '' 
 he 's actually giving me a noogie -lrb- who can say they 've been given a noogie from an old guy ? -rrb- 
 , when a door slams . 
 `` gramps , stop beating up bishop . '' 
 i look up to see penny standing there with her arms crossed . 
 `` seriously ? 
 you ca n't take him ? '' 
 i pull out of gramps 's grip . 
 `` i was letting him win . 
 i thought you might get a little pissed if i injured your grandpa . '' 
 gramps clears his throat . 
 `` no one was letting me do anything . 
 kids these days . 
 no respect . '' 
 he 's trying to hide his smile as he backs up , but then his look gets serious . 
 `` five minutes . '' 
 he grumbles before walking inside . 
 `` i thought he 'd never leave . '' 
 i back penny up , my hands on her waist until i 'm sandwiching her between me and her corvette . 
 `` i do n't have five minutes . 
 i have to go , '' she says as my lips trail up her neck . 
 i love the way she tastes . 
 the way she smells . 
 the way she feels . 
 i still ca n't believe i 'm here with her . 
 `` four ? '' 
 i nip her ear . 
 `` six , but that 's my final offer . '' 
 i laugh against her skin . 
 i 'm not sure i 've laughed this much in my whole life . 
 actually , that 's a lie . 
 mom and i had problems , but we were happy when i was growing up . 
 i was happy . 
 gary asked me once when the last time things were easy for me . 
 it could n't have been way back then . 
 i mean , i 've had hard times off and on like everyone , but i think i 've been happy . 
 i used to like riding my motorcycle and used to meet with my friend ryan a lot , but those things are few and far between . 
 when i 'm high , i laugh a whole lot , but that 's not the same . 
 not nearly the same . 
 penny turns her head so our lips connect , and i kiss her . 
 now totally is n't the time to think about those things . 
 my hand slides under her hoodie . 
 her hands thread through my hair , and i kiss her deeper . 
 needing more ... always more when it comes to her . 
 but i also do n't want to push her too far , too quick . 
 `` i like your hair . 
 i hate that stupid hat you wear . '' 
 she whispers the words against my lips . 
 `` me too . '' 
 `` and your lip ring . '' 
 she pretends to nip at it . 
 `` totally hot . '' 
 i groan , wishing we had a whole lot more than six minutes . 
 it 's crazy how wild this girl makes me . 
 how much different i feel when i 'm with her-not just her , either , but at all lately . 
 working on the car , snowmachining . 
 all of it . 
 guilt tries to push its way back in , but i shove it away . 
 `` you 're really bishop riley ? '' 
 it 's different how she says it . 
 i do n't feel like she 's a fan , trying to get a piece of me . 
 it 's just curiosity , surprise , and it makes that guilt squeeze in again . 
 i give her a nod , and she shakes her head with a smile . 
 `` so weird . '' 
 `` not weird . '' 
 i kiss her again . 
 and it 's not because when i 'm with her i feel like only the good parts of me show . 
 `` what are you doing today ? '' 
 she squeezes me tighter . 
 `` your friends are picking me up in a few hours . 
 i think they want to take me to the mountains and hide the body . '' 
 pulling away enough so we can see each other , i wink , my hands still on her waist . 
 `` good thing i can take them . '' 
 `` ugh ! 
 do n't remind me . 
 i 'm pissed i ca n't go . 
 my mom is seriously making me crazy . 
 so damn hypocritical . '' 
 there 's a way to bring the guilt back . 
 not only are penny and her mom still fighting-partly because of me-but i 'm still lying to her . 
 `` maybe she hired mitch and chomps to try and take me out . 
 i bet that 's what this is about . 
 murder for hire . 
 drummer from burn killed in the alaskan mountains by his girlfriend 's admirers , on order of her mom . '' 
 her grip tightens on me , and i ca n't help but lean forward and kiss her again . 
 `` i thought you could take them . '' 
 `` i can , but then you 'd be pissed at me for beating up lover boy . '' 
 `` ugh ! '' 
 she pushes me away . 
 `` stop calling him that . '' 
 gramps comes back into the garage at the same time . 
 five minutes are up already ? 
 `` break it up , you two . 
 i 'm already public enemy number one with your mom , penny . '' 
 i 'm still in shock she has n't kicked us out . 
 that i 'm even here right now . 
 penny steps around me . 
 `` do n't get me started on her . '' 
 is n't this awesome ? 
 i 'm causing all sorts of family drama . 
 i start breathing a little faster . 
 my hands tremble . 
 `` do n't be mad at your mom about me , okay ? '' 
 she just rolls her eyes and kisses me quickly . 
 `` i got ta go . '' 
 i want to pull her closer . 
 let her kiss linger and touch her everywhere , but i do n't . 
 `` later , '' i tell her and try to walk away , but i feel her lips against my ear . 
 `` i know it might not be huge to you , but the way you just talked about being in the band ? 
 like it was natural and you did n't mind that i know ? 
 it means something to me . 
 thanks for being honest . '' 
 sharp , stabbing pain pierces my chest . 
 not by her , though , because this one ? 
 this is all me . 
 my hand holding the knife . 
 bishop riley strikes again . 
 gramps and i are quiet for the next hour while we keep working on the car . 
 we ca n't figure out why she 's giving us so much trouble , and it 's adding to my already shitty mood . 
 if i could just get the corvette running , maybe i 'd start to deserve penny . 
 my heart 's been beating way too fast since she left . 
 i definitely could use one of my anxiety meds , but i ca n't make myself go to gary . 
 not anymore . 
 i 'm going to stop all of it . 
 i already feel like a sorry excuse for a man because-well , because i guess i am one , and that just makes it worse . 
 without a word , gramps tosses his tool down and goes to sit in a chair . 
 we 've been working together enough that he knows my moods . 
 when i do n't feel like talking , gramps does n't talk . 
 when i need to laugh , he gives me shit . 
 and i 'm pretty sure he 's the one who talked penny 's mom down the other day because so far , she has n't kicked us out . 
 the woman definitely wants me out of here . 
 she gives me the evil eye every time i see her . 
 `` i 'm going sledding with mitch , matt , and chomps in a bit . 
 i think they want test me or something . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` make sure i 'm good enough for penny or whatever . '' 
 it does n't even surprise me that i tell him . 
 gramps is cool like that . 
 he has a way of getting stuff out of people and making it feel okay . 
 kind of like gary lately . 
 gramps chuckles , leaning back in the chair . 
 he crosses his arms . 
 `` eh , they 're pretty good kids . 
 been around forever . 
 they 're good to penny except mitch has hurt her . 
 did n't mean to , but it still makes me want to slit his tires . '' 
 i hold out my fist and gramps bumps it , just like one of the guys in my band would . 
 `` i like mitch , but he 's not the one for pen . 
 she did n't love him . 
 just thought she did . 
 he was there for her when we lost my son . 
 and again when people gave her a hard time for playing on the boys ' hockey team . '' 
 jealousy creeps up inside me . 
 `` yeah , but he also chose some other chick over her . '' 
 gramps rolls his eyes . 
 `` like i said , they 're not a match , those two . 
 which is okay . 
 nothing wrong with that . '' 
 more silence . 
 my leg is bouncing a little , but i 'm actually feeling calmer than i was before . 
 `` you really like her , do n't you , son ? '' 
 his words make it hard to look at him . 
 because i do really like her , but i also know i should n't . 
 i feel gramps 's eyes on me and know it 's time to step up . 
 `` yeah . 
 she 's awesome . 
 i do n't deserve her , though . 
 she does n't know everything . 
 no one here knows everything about me . '' 
 bounce , bounce , bounce . 
 with my eyes , i case the place like i 'm planning on robbing it or something . 
 `` then why do n't you tell me ? '' 
 gramps 's voice is softer than usual . 
 can i do this ? 
 can i open my mouth and say the words ? 
 it 's so f ** king hard to admit what 's in my head . 
 it 's different , knowing something and admitting it . 
 knowing is personal . 
 it 's easy to lie to yourself . 
 or fool yourself . 
 admitting it ? 
 that 's owning it . 
 making it real . 
 it takes balls to own it . 
 i 'm not really an addict . 
 i did n't almost die back home or get lost in tokyo if i do n't actually open my mouth and spit out the words . 
 i try the deep breathing thing i learned again . 
 i feel like such a coward , and i 'm tired of it . 
 and i think if i could tell anyone , it would be gramps . 
 looking at him , i realize he 's probably the closest thing to a father i 've ever had . 
 that i ever will have . 
 `` i kind of ... have a problem with pills ? '' 
 `` you - '' `` no . 
 i do . 
 not kind of . '' 
 i scratch my head . 
 my arm . 
 touch my lip ring . 
 bounce my leg . 
 none of it makes me forget what i 'm doing . 
 the stalling makes it worse . 
 `` i started right after i got signed . 
 the crowds , they kind of freak me out . 
 it 's like they 're trying to get inside me , so i 'd take something to chill me out . 
 then , i 'd get tired and need to stay awake , so i 'd take a pill for that . 
 then i 'd need help sleeping , which would call for another one . 
 it feels good , ya know ? 
 like i 'm flying or ... i do n't know ... light ? 
 it started to get fun . 
 i started taking different kinds . 
 do you know how easy pills are to come by ? '' 
 for the first time since i started this confession , i look at gramps . 
 `` i wanted to steal some from you . '' 
 his eyes are crinkled at the sides . 
 he gives me a quick nod . 
 `` but you did n't , did you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not from you . 
 i snuck some here with me , though . 
 took 'em all . 
 took more when my friend , maryanne , came , and i have twelve sitting in the cabin , waiting for me . '' 
 it 's almost like my words drift out but float back inside me . 
 whispering in my head to make sure it sinks in . 
 i am an addict . 
 right now , my mouth feels dry . 
 my heart is going wild again because i do have pills waiting for me . 
 i could take them tonight . 
 or not all of them , but a few . 
 like for my last time , or whatever . 
 take some , dump the rest and then i 'll be done . 
 no ! 
 `` you wan na know what happened for me to come here ? '' 
 a part of me actually thinks i want to tell him . 
 maybe it 's a warm-up because i know i have to tell penny . 
 `` i do . '' 
 gramps 's voice is even softer . 
 more breaths . 
 more bounces . 
 more words . 
 `` my band had a show , and i was freaking out at it like i always do . 
 the crowds ... they get in my head . 
 and then after , paparazzi were chasing me . 
 when i got to maryanne 's , i just wanted to forget , you know ? 
 i just needed to forget , so maryanne gave me a bunch of stuff ... '' in , out , in , out . 
 `` i do n't even know what all i took . 
 that 's bad . 
 has to be bad , right ? '' 
 gramps does n't answer , but then i do n't need him too . 
 `` alcohol , too . 
 i 'm not usually much of a drinker , but , yeah . 
 i was feeling it that night . '' 
 i bite my thumbnail . 
 `` the room we were in was pretty quiet , but it all felt loud in my head . 
 there was dancing , i think ? 
 yeah , maryanne was dancing and laughing . '' 
 flashes of that night pummel me . 
 drinking , spinning , dancing , laughing , falling ... i have n't let myself think about it at all . 
 `` it 's almost like i knew something was wrong . 
 that i was way too messed up . 
 my body felt it , like it was screaming and fighting against itself or something , but i could n't do anything about it . '' 
 my cheeks are wet . 
 holy shit . 
 i 'm crying . 
 `` it was like a fade to black , in and out . 
 part of me wanted to laugh with her , i think , because i stumbled and could n't get up , and i knew that should be funny but not funny at the same time . '' 
 i 'm talking faster now , needing to get it out . 
 it 's like poison inside me , festering , and the only way to get rid of it is to hurry up and get the words out . 
 `` maryanne fell next to me . 
 i think we were on the floor of her room . 
 i ca n't even f ** king remember , but i know my body needed to get it out . 
 i was n't conscious , but i was . 
 like my brain was on , but the rest of me was n't . 
 i knew maryanne was rolling me over ... hitting me on the back . 
 and ... that 's all . 
 next thing i knew , i was at the hospital . 
 i almost aspirated . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` they had to pump my stomach . 
 my mom ... god , i think i broke her . 
 she 's been through so much with my dad , and then i broke her , too . '' 
 i wipe my eyes , wishing i could bring myself to look at gramps . 
 my leg still bounces . 
 in . 
 out . 
 in . 
 out . 
 i try to focus on my breathing . 
 `` mom and my manager made me come here . 
 i have n't done anything i 'm not supposed to since maryanne left . 
 it 's like i f ** king hate it . 
 hate the pills in my bag , but i love them , too . 
 i want to trash them , but i ca n't make myself do it . '' 
 when i finally look at gramps , his eyes are wet . 
 `` does that count for anything ? 
 i mean , i know i 'm still screwed-up , but the fact that i do n't want to be that way anymore ? 
 does that matter ? '' 
 gramps 's hand comes down on my shoulder , and he squeezes . 
 `` it matters , son . 
 it matters . '' 
 i let his words sink in . 
 hear how he calls me son . 
 that matters , too . 
 i let out a deep , shaky breath . 
 `` how do i tell her ? 
 i need to tell her . '' 
 my voice actually cracks . 
 `` the same way you told me . 
 you can do it , son . 
 i 'm damn proud of you right now . '' 
 it feels good and bad at the same time . 
 it feels so good for her to tell me he 's proud , but i do n't feel like i 've done anything yet . 
 this is n't enough to be my `` one thing '' gary was talking about . 
 `` but they forced me to come here . 
 i did n't do it on my own . 
 and i have n't been completely clean . '' 
 `` one step at a time . 
 can i have them ? 
 the pills in your bag ? '' 
 no ! 
 in . 
 out . 
 in . 
 out . 
 `` can you take them while i 'm gone ? 
 my suitcase is in the closet . 
 there 's a slit cut in the back . 
 they 're in there . '' 
 gramps nods . 
 `` one step at a time . '' 
 i can do that , i think . 
 some of the weight on me falls off my shoulders . 
 `` i 'm going to tell her tomorrow after the game . 
 i want to ... '' i clear my throat . 
 `` i do n't know ... maybe that 's my first step to deserving her . 
 and ... rehab . 
 i 'm going to talk to gary about rehab . '' 
 they 're my words , but i struggle to believe i said them . 
 two months ago , i never would have imagined this , but i need it . 
 need it for me , so i can take care of mom and for everyone else who is important in my life . 
 `` i do n't want to be a screw up anymore ... it 's time i was better . 
 try and be happy like gary says . '' 
 gramps puts his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` you 're doing good , son . 
 we 'll get through this together . 
 i 'll be there every step of the way . '' 
 i pull gramps to me and hug him , wishing i knew how to say thanks . 
 that i need him . 
 that he 's been like a father to me , but more because he chose to be here . 
 the way he squeezes me back shows me he already knows . 
 there 's a loud rumble of a truck from outside . 
 gramps and i pull apart and i wipe my face again . 
 gramps gives my arm another squeeze before i walk away . 
 i get to the garage door when he calls , `` just do n't f ** k it up , rookie . '' 
 there 's laughter in his voice . 
 `` you have some dirt on your forehead , old man . 
 maybe i 'm the one who needs to clean you up . '' 
 gramps laughs . 
 `` like i said , no respect . 
 you 're lucky i love ya . '' 
 his words make me freeze . 
 i am lucky . 
 i try to tell him i love him , too , but i ca n't , so instead i say , `` thanks . 
 and we 'll work on the car again soon , yeah ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he gives me a small wave before i run out to meet the guys . 
 we drive for , like , forty-five minutes . 
 i 'm seriously starting to wonder if these guys really do want to find a place to hide my body . 
 it 's going to suck to have to kick penny 's friends ' asses , but i 'll do it . 
 they 're listening to cyclops , who i hate . 
 the urge to tell them what a bunch of a ** holes they are hits me , but then remember i 'm not supposed to know famous people . 
 my head 's all out of whack after talking with gramps-better-but still all messed up . 
 if this sledding thing is as cool as they say , i 'm anxious to get out there and do it . 
 hopefully , it will get my mind off of everything . 
 alaska 's good for that , i 'm noticing . 
 when i 'm feeling a little anxious , there 's always some crazy way to burn it off . 
 finally , mitch parks the truck . 
 we 're so far up , if it was n't a little too dark , i could probably see the whole valley from up here . 
 this hill looks way bigger than anything i 've imagined people sledding . 
 it 's more like a cliff . 
 when i think about sledding , i imagine christmas movies and eight-year-old kids . 
 `` you 're going to love this shit . '' 
 chomps rubs his hands together . 
 we all get out and they start throwing gear at me . 
 it takes me a minute to get on all the stuff i wear snowmachining . 
 even a helmet . 
 this must be some hardcore sledding . 
 mitch grabs the sleds , matt right behind him . 
 they 're these thick , red plastic sleds with ridges on the bottom , and rubber pads to sit on . 
 it takes us another twenty minutes to hike up to the place we 're going down from . 
 mitch smirks at me . 
 `` newbies first ? '' 
 this is definitely a test . 
 maybe i should respect them for it , and i guess i do , but i also ca n't wait to kick their asses . 
 `` why ? 
 you scared ? '' 
 chomps laughs and buttons up his coat . 
 `` sounds like you 're the one who 's scared . '' 
 not likely . 
 i toss my sled on the ground and hold it with my foot . 
 there are no trees this far up , but i can see some way below . 
 if i sled too far down , i 'm going to have some serious issues dodging them . 
 `` first time , i go alone . 
 second time , we race . '' 
 i do n't hear if he replies because i sit down and take off . 
 my first thought is holy crap , they were right . 
 this is crazy . 
 i grab on as i lean , hoping it helps me take the turn . 
 it feels like i 'm going a million miles an hour . 
 almost like i 'm on the snowmachine , but it 's even more intense because it just feels like it 's me flying down the mountain . 
 i hit a bump and , no shit , i actually become airborne . 
 `` woo hoo ! '' 
 i shout . 
 this is incredible . 
 i 'm so glad they had the goggles and stuff . 
 such a rush . 
 when another turn comes up , i lean again . 
 i 'm getting close to the bottom now . 
 my sled hits another bump and goes even higher than it did last time . 
 when i hit the ground again , i lose control and catapult off , rolling away from the sled . 
 my body comes to a stop a good twenty feet from where i fell off . 
 lying in the snow , i look up at the sky . 
 my chest is going up and down way harder than it should , and i ca n't catch my breath . 
 lying here in the cold-ass snow , all i can think about is how incredible this kind of natural high is . 
 way better than any kind of drugs . 
 what i said to gramps earlier is the right thing . 
 this is the kind of thing i want to make me feel good , not pills . 
 i 'm going to talk to gary . 
 i 'm going to go to rehab . 
 chapter twenty penny no one 's saying the `` grounded '' word , but what else is it when it 's the night before my big game , and i 'm not allowed to go out with the guys ? 
 mom and i have passed each other in stony silence dozens of times since i explained , again , that i fell asleep by accident at bishop 's house . 
 nothing i say seems to matter . 
 she 's struggling with what to say , too , but neither of us knows how to start . 
 i liked mom better when she was spending too much time at work , or screwing ben , or whatever else she 's doing that she is n't telling me about . 
 `` loosen that frown , lucky girl . '' 
 gramps rubs a dirty hand across my forehead . 
 `` bishop can handle himself with those boys . '' 
 i lean against the dusty garage wall and fold my arms . 
 `` bishop 's as crazy as the rest of them . 
 he 'll love it . 
 it 's mom that 's making me insane . '' 
 gramps nods and starts opening drawers in the toolbox . 
 he does this when he 's not sure what to work on next . 
 he 'll pick a tool and then pick the job that goes with the tool . 
 i 've always loved this about him . 
 i push off the wall and slump into one of the greasy camp chairs resting in the garage . 
 `` no , no . '' 
 gramps shakes his head . 
 `` you do n't need to talk to me , you need to go talk to that mom of yours . '' 
 `` pfft . '' 
 not likely . 
 he chuckles . 
 `` i just had this talk with the boy . 
 you like him , do n't you ? '' 
 i nod and am only a little successful in hiding my smile . 
 `` a lot . '' 
 gramps 's eyes light up . 
 `` he 's got history , you know ? 
 but those people are the best kind because they already know what 's out there and are ready to figure out what they really want . 
 do you know what you really want ? '' 
 i 'm not ready to answer that question . 
 `` you going to give me the great opportunities are in front of you speech ? 
 the sky is the limit ? '' 
 if he brings bishop around to college and leaving , i might freak out . 
 `` no . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` go talk to your mom . 
 i think she has a lot of guilt stored up over this and over starting to fall for someone new . 
 try to see this from her point of view . 
 i 'm sure she 's been afraid to say anything . 
 just give her a chance to explain before you come at her with your attitude . '' 
 i stand . 
 `` fine , fine . 
 i 'll go . '' 
 `` i 'm not trying to scare you off . 
 i want you to have some of the pie i made this morning and tell me that i 'm a regular renaissance man because i 'm so multi-talented . '' 
 gramps winks . 
 i stop in the doorway . 
 `` anything else ? '' 
 he pauses for a moment , his brows pulling together . 
 `` bishop asked me to do something , and i ca n't for the life of me remember what it was . 
 you got any ideas ? '' 
 `` none . '' 
 confusion fills his features before his face relaxes . 
 `` it 'll come to me . 
 good luck with your mom . '' 
 right . 
 he 's engrossed the moment he leans over the engine . 
 apparently , he found the tool he wanted to work with . 
 as i hit the top of the stairs to grab some dinner , or gramps 's pie , i figure i should see if mom wants to talk . 
 her voice carries from her room into the kitchen . 
 good . 
 she 's awake . 
 she 's here . 
 we can talk . 
 maybe it was just guilt that kept her from telling me . 
 i mean , it 's weird , but i knew she 'd find someone eventually . 
 when i get to her door , i pause . 
 `` i 'll need to get the story on that kid . 
 he 's obviously a bad influence . 
 i 've never had to worry about her before . 
 i 'm so sorry about the outburst ... no , of course it 's not your fault . 
 she 's just a kid ... yeah , i know ... she has a temper , that 's all . '' 
 mom sighs . 
 i ball my hands into fists . 
 kid ? 
 playing off how pissed i am because of my temper ? 
 what the hell ? 
 who is she talking to ? 
 it ca n't be - `` i know , ben . 
 i want to see you , too . '' 
 my whole body tenses . 
 she 's talking about me to her boyfriend ? 
 `` once we work past how she 's dealing with this , it 'll all be fine , and she 's heading off to college soon . '' 
 what , does she want me out of here so she can hang with her man anytime she wants ? 
 it hurts to breathe . 
 my fingernails press into my palms . 
 `` okay . 
 thanks . '' 
 her voice has that same ridiculously over-dramatic tone that rebecca has with mitch . 
 `` i know . 
 kid hormones . 
 i 'm just not used to it , that 's all ... well , he ca n't stick around forever , but it makes me extra determined to get her out of here ... that whole situation is strange ... i know . 
 okay , goodnight . '' 
 now is when i should sulk in my room , but i do n't . 
 i 'm not the smartest girl when i 'm this worked up . 
 mom opens the door and freezes when she sees me . 
 `` do n't talk about me to your boyfriend ! '' 
 i yell . 
 mom slides her phone into her pocket with shaky hands . 
 it 's as if she 's about to tiptoe through a room with a glass floor . 
 i want her to yell . 
 tell me i 'm being petty . 
 instead , she goes weirdly stoic . 
 `` penny . 
 we need to talk . 
 i - '' `` i 'm not a kid . 
 it is n't a hormone thing . 
 it 's that my mom 's left me here to take care of things while she runs around with some guy she did n't see the need to tell me about ! '' 
 she blinks a few times , still seeming unsure of what to say . 
 `` the night you called , i was at work . 
 i could n't leave , and - '' i put my hands on my hips . 
 `` and what about every other night ? '' 
 `` penny , '' mom warns . 
 `` i need you to lower your voice . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 i yell knowing i 'm about to unleash and that it wo n't be pretty , but i 'm past caring right now because it 's been building for way too long . 
 `` what about when you were n't at my games , or when i had to come home instead of going to the party after ? 
 what about then ? 
 god ! 
 the least you could have done was to tell me you were seeing someone ! '' 
 `` it 's not that simple , penny . '' 
 `` of course it 's that f ** king simple ! '' 
 and i just shattered any chance we had of making this civilized . 
 her nostrils flare , and her mouth pulls into a thin line . 
 we might be about to step into the fight that 's been simmering since i pulled away from her in my truck . 
 `` and what have you been doing with bishop ? '' 
 her voice is teetering on the edge of serious anger . 
 `` because it 's not like you to be ... to be ... sleeping over , or ... '' `` do n't . 
 even . '' 
 i point . 
 `` this is n't about me . 
 this is about you ! '' 
 `` not when you 're screaming at me like this it is n't ! '' 
 mom yells before pulling in a deep breath , like she 's actually trying to control her frustration . 
 `` we need to talk about you now . 
 not me . '' 
 `` oh . 
 really ? 
 because you do n't know anything about what 's been happening in my life . 
 bishop 's the first guy i liked who actually likes me back ! '' 
 but he 's so much more than that . 
 i just have no idea how to explain , or why i 'd want to bother trying with her right now . 
 it 's all in a red haze of frustration and anger anyway . 
 mom steps toward me , her face stony , still not pushing back the way i want her to . 
 `` did you know he had a girl up here ? '' 
 i suck in a breath , ready for anything she has to say to me . 
 `` of course i know ! '' 
 i yell . 
 `` why are you so determined to make my decisions for me ! 
 or to ruin this for me ? '' 
 her careful facade breaks , and her face reddens . 
 `` because you 're a kid and do n't know what you want ! '' 
 i laugh a harsh laugh , anything to hide how i 'm starting to shake apart inside . 
 `` i 'm a kid ? '' 
 i know exactly how to send her over the edge , and i can feel the words making their way to the surface even though i 'm sure it 's the stupidest thing i could do in this moment . 
 `` the tattoo parlor does n't think i 'm a kid . '' 
 anger blazes in her eyes , and the silence is weighted enough for me to know it 's time to retreat . 
 i spin and head for the stairs , my vision and my brain still clouded with frustration . 
 this was supposed to be about her , not me . 
 `` penny jones ! '' 
 mom 's voice has turned into a low growl . 
 `` get . 
 back . 
 up . 
 here . 
 now . '' 
 not going back up will be stepping way into new territory that i 'm not sure i 'm ready for , but then i hear a quick knock at the door . 
 `` i 'll get the door , '' i say as i jump down the last couple steps . 
 i swing open the front door and come face to face with rebecca . 
 my jaw goes slack . 
 what the ... ? 
 i can not conceive of any reason for rebecca to be at my house , but her timing is definitely perfect . 
 mom starts stomping down the stairs . 
 `` you are not to see him - '' she stops as soon as rebecca comes into view , with a delightfully stunned look on her face-one that makes me know i might be off the hook for just a little bit longer . 
 `` oh . 
 hello . '' 
 mom 's voice is suddenly bright and happy . 
 `` mom . 
 this is becca . '' 
 i even try to use the name i know she likes . 
 `` she came to help me study since you wo n't let me go anywhere . '' 
 i try to lay my nicest voice on thick . 
 thick enough that she knows i 'm doing it , but it hopefully wo n't make her more angry . 
 rebecca 's mouth opens , but she 's quick . 
 `` yeah . 
 i knew penny would want to get ahead in government before the big game , so i came by to help her out . '' 
 her sweet voice and the timid way she stands are the perfect counter to mom 's ferocity . 
 `` okay . 
 well . 
 penny . '' 
 her lips purse together . 
 she 's not happy , but i can tell she 's going to take it . 
 `` do n't stay up too late . '' 
 i give mom a salute that i hope says f ** k you as much as it says yes ma'am . 
 i slide my arm through rebecca 's - something i never thought i 'd do-and we head for my room . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 she whispers as we step through the door . 
 `` long story . '' 
 i sigh and flop on my bed . 
 it 's silent for a few moments , which is fine with me . 
 i have no idea what to talk to mitch 's girlfriend about . 
 `` your room looks like a guy 's room , penny . 
 it 's all blue and black and hockey . '' 
 she shakes her head but still stands just inside my doorway , as if she 's not sure if she wants to be in here . 
 `` you 've been over here before . '' 
 i grab a puck off my nightstand and spin it in my hands . 
 `` actually , you make me change for the hot tub in the tiny unfinished bathroom downstairs . '' 
 i cringe because it now seems pretty harsh . 
 `` yeah . 
 sorry about that . '' 
 her smile is wry . 
 `` sure you are . '' 
 i fiddle with the edge of my blanket and try to figure out what i 'm supposed to say next . 
 `` so ... what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` waiting for mitch . 
 i knew you could n't go with them , but i thought i 'd come in and wait for the guys to come back if it was okay . 
 ever since they caught us together , my parents think mitch is the devil 's spawn or something , so i 'm still on lockdown . 
 i had to lie and tell them i was helping you with government to get to the party the other night . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 okay . '' 
 this should not be so uncomfortable . 
 being friends with a girl should be easier than this . 
 `` have a seat . '' 
 there . 
 that seems friendly . 
 i scoot up on my bed to make room . 
 if she 's trying , which she obviously is , i should try , too . 
 `` so , you okay ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i 'm not sure where to start , but i am sure i do n't know rebecca well enough to be baring my soul here . 
 `` what ? '' 
 rebecca cringes . 
 `` i could hear you and your mom . '' 
 i roll my head around trying to get rid of some of the tension . 
 `` she 's pissed over bishop , and i 'm pissed for other things , and i get my temper from her , so ... '' she smiles . 
 `` so when you two argue , it 's like world war three ? '' 
 i grin back . 
 `` pretty much , yeah . '' 
 she rests back on her arms . 
 `` my parents are , like , insane about everything . '' 
 `` which is why they freaked out over mitch . '' 
 and the cool thing is that mitch does n't come close to bishop in a million ways , so having her here ... i do n't know , but it feels okay . 
 `` and why is your mom freaked out over bishop ? '' 
 i could tell her my mom probably thinks bishop and i had sex like her and mitch , but that 's way into personal territory . 
 `` i do n't think my mom knows what to do with the idea that a guy could like me . '' 
 i barely know what to do with it . 
 `` do n't worry , penny . '' 
 rebecca smiles a bit . 
 `` i have a feeling bishop has a way with people . 
 i 'm sure he 'll turn your mom around . '' 
 i hope so . 
 and then i realize that a girl and i just talked about boys , and i did n't sprout pink fingernails , hell has n't frozen over -lrb- that i know of -rrb- , and it might even be okay . 
 chapter twenty-one bishop another sleepless night . 
 i thought this shit was over . 
 telling gramps , deciding to go to rehab , and talking to penny should have taken all the stress away , but it did n't . 
 my brain was still going , my eyes still open as i tossed and turned . 
 i would have done anything for an anxiety pill , but i 'm determined to be clean now . 
 it makes sense to start now , to make myself proud now . 
 which i am sort of proud , so why could n't i sleep ? 
 i got my ass kicked sledding down the hill . 
 my body was exhausted , but it also hurt . 
 but again , no pills , so i tried to deal with it . 
 alaska sledding is no joke . 
 i will seriously never look at it the same way again . 
 actually , i wonder if i 'm going to see anything the same after alaska . 
 which is crazy . 
 i never expected to come here and have an epiphany or whatever , but i ca n't stop myself from thinking that 's exactly what happened . 
 maybe it has something to do with all the internal musing i 've been doing ... definitely did n't spend as much time contemplating life 's mysteries when i was back home . 
 the walking helped with that-giving me time to just be in my own head . 
 who knows if that 's a good or a bad thing . 
 sometimes i like what i discover , and other times i feel like a whack-job . 
 when my cell starts beeping , i roll over in bed and grab it off the nightstand . 
 maryanne flashes up on the screen . 
 part of me feels like it 's shitty to ignore her , but the other part does n't want that life to bleed into mine anymore . 
 plus , it feels wrong to talk to her because of penny . 
 after hitting ignore , i toss the phone back onto the nightstand . 
 i wish it was always that easy-to hit ignore when a thought or craving slips into my mind . 
 when l.a. bishop tries to resurface and all i want to do is wipe him away and become alaska bishop for good . 
 even though the thought of rehab makes my skin crawl , that is why i have to do it . 
 i push out of bed and go take a piss before my memoir starts writing itself in my head : `` if life was a cell phone-blending two versions of yourself '' by bishop riley . 
 yeah , alaska is making me crazy . 
 but i like it . 
 after a quick shower , i get dressed , knowing my morning is going to be boring . 
 today 's the game and penny 's out to breakfast with her team . 
 her mom 's home so i ca n't risk her wrath by going over to see gramps . 
 which helps , i guess . 
 not being able to see gramps takes away my excuse not to go talk to gary . 
 after everything he 's done for me , he needs to know about rehab . 
 he helped me get here . 
 i 'm feeling a little antsy . 
 nothing bad , but a little bit of jitters . 
 reasons to go into my room , into my closet so i can find my suitcase , keep tugging at me . 
 i 'm proud to say looking at my case is all i 've done . 
 before talking with gramps yesterday , i checked for my pills every day . 
 recounted the twelve at least once to make sure they were still there . 
 now , i have n't touched it . 
 have n't stuck my fingers in that tiny slit in the fabric to make sure gramps did n't accidentally leave one , to make sure there are n't any old ones from before . 
 gramps wanted to take them , and i 'm glad he did . 
 and honestly ... it makes me a little proud . 
 i head over to my drums and grab the sticks . 
 they 're about to slam down when i remember what penny 's mom said-about how loud i am-and i toss them to the ground . 
 my hands are itching to play , but i do n't want to give her another reason to hate me . 
 the list is already too long . 
 i use my hands to drum on my knees instead , and it 's totally not the same thing . 
 i think about going over and borrowing one of the snowmachines , but then remember mama bear is home and i ca n't even do that . 
 i 'm not sure any of it would chill me out today , though , because i know what 's coming . 
 i 'm telling penny everything . 
 part of me wants to do it right now . 
 i should have done it last night , but it would n't be fair before the game . 
 i 'm already in douche-bag territory , and that would tip things toward unforgivable-if they 're not already there . 
 that 's when it hits me , and just thinking about it the tension starts to slip out of me . 
 walking . 
 i need the cold and fresh air . 
 to see how open that big world is and realize my problems are n't the end of it . 
 there 's something freeing about it , and right now , i just want to be free . 
 not giving a crap that it 's early , i slip on my boots and coat before trudging my way over to gary 's place . 
 he can go with me and tell me stories and ask questions that i might feel okay about answering now . 
 i 'm finally doing something i can be proud of-telling penny and going to rehab . 
 as soon as i hit the steps , i realize the door is partway open . 
 time to have some fun . 
 sneaking up on gary and scaring him to death will definitely distract me for a few minutes . 
 i 'm quiet as i finish walking toward the door . 
 i 'm about to sneak inside when i hear penny 's mom inside . 
 `` i need to know what you guys are doing here . '' 
 her voice is as fierce as i 've ever heard it . 
 right then , i know i 'm f ** ked . 
 `` with all due respect , ma'am , i 'm not sure that 's your business . 
 we have n't caused any trouble . 
 we 're paying guests , but i do n't think that entitles you information on our private affairs . '' 
 i want to yell `` go gary ! '' 
 and `` shut the hell up ! 
 she already hates me ! '' 
 at the same time . 
 `` it 's my business when it involves my daughter . 
 when i catch her slinking out of his cabin in the morning , with all due respect , that makes it my business . '' 
 it hits me like a punch to the gut , because she 's right . 
 or maybe not her business , but penny 's . 
 penny 's my girl , and she should know the big shit about me . 
 gary speaks up again . 
 `` i understand your concern , but i trust him . '' 
 now it 's a knife , not just a punch . 
 gary trusts me when he does n't know half the truth . 
 when he does n't know about maryanne or the pills or any of it . 
 he keeps talking . 
 `` i 'm not saying bishop , or anyone for that matter , is perfect , but he cares about your daughter . 
 he wo n't hurt her . '' 
 her mom sighs . 
 `` i 've seen it before-girls who throw their lives away for a boy . 
 penny is so much bigger than seldon . 
 she needs to get out of here . 
 go to college . 
 do you realize she 's getting scholarships from schools that have some of the best women 's hockey teams in america ? 
 i do n't want bishop in her way . 
 i can see it in his eyes . 
 something 's not right , and i 'll be damned before i let him drag her down . '' 
 drag her down ... it 's not that i have anything to offer penny . 
 she 's right . 
 money does n't matter to a girl like penny . 
 she wants alaska and hockey . 
 even when i do get clean , i 'm one of the youngest drummers to ever win a grammy . 
 i 've had way more success in two years than i ever imagined , but penny is bigger than any of that will ever be . 
 it 's not like i can expect her to give up hockey for me . 
 i would n't if i were her , but could i give up burn ? 
 we could n't have a relationship if i 'm traveling all the time . 
 her mom is right . 
 the thought of holding penny back makes my gut churn . 
 gary is quiet for a few seconds . 
 `` you know , people like you piss me off . 
 he 's a f ** king kid . 
 he has n't had a lot in his life , but he tries . 
 tries a whole hell of a lot harder than a lot of people i know . 
 i hate this judgmental bullshit . 
 i do n't care what anyone says , i 'm damn proud of that kid . 
 he 's a good boy , who i know will grow up into a great man . 
 is he perfect ? 
 nope , but at least he knows it . 
 he does n't sit up on a pedestal and condemn everyone else . '' 
 twist , twist , twist . 
 the knife just keeps getting pushed in deeper and deeper . 
 i clutch my stomach so i do n't puke . 
 gary 's wrong about me . 
 i 'm none of the things he said . 
 it does n't matter that i 've booked a flight home , and that i 'm planning to call my mom to help me get into rehab . 
 i 'm a liar . 
 he 's defending me without knowing about the pills and maryanne . 
 `` is that why he snuck a blond girl in here ? 
 i ca n't help but wonder if he started seeing my daughter before or after her . '' 
 ready . 
 aim . 
 fire . 
 i 'm dead . 
 i should have been the one to tell gary about maryanne . 
 he deserves that and a whole lot more for the faith he puts in me . 
 after kissing penny , i snuck maryanne here . 
 she has goals and a future . 
 she needs someone a lot better than me . 
 gary 's quiet . 
 `` did you know about the girl ? '' 
 more quiet . 
 finally , he replies . 
 `` we 'll be out by tomorrow . '' 
 there 's never been a time i hated myself more than i do right now . 
 as soon as penny 's mom goes back to her house , i come out from my hiding spot . 
 everything inside me is yelling ... screaming at me to run away , but i 'm so f ** king tired of being weak , so i climb the stairs to gary 's cabin again and knock . 
 there 's no typical gary smile on his face when he opens the door . 
 no joking . 
 no nothing . 
 that 's not true . 
 there 's disappointment , my legs buckle , threatening to collapse . 
 everything inside me aches . 
 i want to run away . 
 i 'm scared as hell to do this , but i have to . 
 i ca n't keep running anymore . 
 i head straight over to the couch and sit down . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` was it maryanne ? '' 
 his voice is tense . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` did you get high with her , bishop ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` shit , '' he mumbles , and then , `` i should have known this . 
 it was my job to f ** king know . '' 
 his guilt over my screw-up jams that knife in me again . 
 `` how many times ? '' 
 i hate this . 
 i 'm so tired of disappointing everyone . 
 of disappointing myself . 
 `` only once with her . 
 that 's the only time she 's been here . 
 i snuck some pills with me here , though . 
 took them off and on . 
 i 've also had one beer . 
 and maryanne mailed me some pills , but they never came . 
 she also left some when she bailed , but i did n't take them . 
 wanted to a million times , but i did n't . 
 i started to realize-not that it matters . '' 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 he grits out , pacing the living room . 
 `` gone . 
 gramps took them-i told him about everything yesterday and he said he 'd take care of them for me . '' 
 it 's so crazy spilling it out for him like this . 
 it hurts . 
 it sucks . 
 i hate this person that i am , but it also makes the tightness in my chest loosen just a little . 
 those words soften his stance a little bit . 
 gary sighs again before sitting on the coffee table in front of me . 
 `` how did i let this happen ? 
 i 've done this before with troy . 
 i 've been trained to do this . 
 i should have known ... i had faith in you , bishop . '' 
 his guilt makes me feel worse . 
 `` fuck , i know . '' 
 here comes the shaking . 
 i run my hands through my hair hoping it will stop . 
 `` i know , and i hate that . 
 hate it all . 
 it 's so screwed-up , but i swear , i 'm done , gary . 
 i do n't want to touch anything anymore , and i 'm sorry . 
 i know that does n't matter , but i am . 
 i 'm coming clean to penny after the game and then ... i was going to talk to you . 
 i want to go home and , you know . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` and go to rehab . '' 
 gary looks me over . 
 `` funny how you 've decided to go to rehab all of a sudden . 
 it does n't work that way . 
 you ca n't just throw words out there because you got caught . 
 it has to come from in here . '' 
 he touches his chest . 
 fear climbs up my spine . 
 `` it does . 
 i 'm not lying . 
 i 'm so f ** king tired of lying . 
 you can talk to gramps . 
 i told him everything yesterday . 
 i made the decision about rehab and telling everyone the truth before you found out . 
 i just had n't told you yet . '' 
 he just stares at me , and i never realized how much i need gary . 
 how weak i was before he started helping me . 
 he dropped his life for me , and he trusted me . 
 he 's walked with me and talked with me and , hell , he 's my friend . 
 i could have pushed him too far to go back , and that thought makes the words start rushing out of my mouth again . 
 `` it 's not your fault . 
 i swear i 'll do better . 
 do n't turn your back on me ... '' please , do n't turn your back on me . 
 he sighs . 
 `` you 've really been thinking about his before now , bishop ? 
 you talked to gramps and this is n't you grasping at straws here ? '' 
 `` i swear . '' 
 i stare at the ground . 
 `` i know my word does n't mean much right now , but i 'm telling you the truth . 
 i. . . 
 i need you . '' 
 `` and i 'll be here . 
 you ca n't get rid of me that easy . 
 i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 my head jerks up , and i look at him . 
 he 's staying ? 
 `` really ? 
 you really wo n't bail ? '' 
 `` but i wo n't be as easy on you . 
 you 've lost my trust . 
 you 're going to have to earn it back , and i 'm not letting this rehab thing go by the wayside . 
 you want my help , then it 's happening . '' 
 the urge to hug him hits me . 
 `` thank you . 
 i will . 
 i 'll do whatever it takes . 
 i just need to see penny 's game and tell her where i 'm going , then we can go . '' 
 gary reaches over and grabs my shoulder . 
 `` i told you , we 'd take care of this together , and we will . 
 i 'm not bailing on you . 
 never . '' 
 it 's like each of gary 's words start to pull the knife free . 
 he 's not bailing . 
 i can still do this . 
 `` thank you . 
 you wo n't regret it . '' 
 chapter twenty-two penny `` your mom 's going to be pissed , '' bishop says as i turn off bitty in the parking lot of the ice arena . 
 `` aww ... does my mom scare you ? '' 
 i tease . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` no , but i do n't want to cause problems , either . '' 
 `` mom 's the one causing problems . 
 and did you or did you not have to ask gary if you could ride with me ? '' 
 i scoot over and slide a leg across his lap until i 'm straddling him in the front of my truck . 
 this is what i need before my game-a little distraction to help me focus . 
 bishop 's thumbs trace my cheekbones , and the warmth in his eyes turns my body to mush . 
 i love everything about the way i feel with him . 
 it 's a rush , like being on the ice , only softer , and warmer ... his hands rest low on my waist , the way i 'm learning he likes . 
 and the way i 'm learning i like . 
 i lean in for a kiss , which bishop dodges by kissing my cheek . 
 `` we need to talk about a few things , okay ? '' 
 he says . 
 `` there 's stuff i need to tell you - '' i slide my tongue across his lower lip until i hit his lip ring , hoping to distract him . 
 `` are you turning into a girl , bishop ripe ? 
 talking about my mom and feelings and - '' he kneads my shoulders , staring at his hands . 
 `` i 'm serious , penny . '' 
 the warmth in his eyes has turned sad , and that 's not what i need right now . 
 `` and i 'm serious when i say we can talk after the game . 
 i need to kiss you . '' 
 i tease him with my tongue again , upper lip this time . 
 `` and then i need to focus . '' 
 he narrows his eyes while trying to hold in a smile . 
 `` you 're impossible . '' 
 `` you love it . '' 
 i part my lips and barely touch them to his , pulling away when he opens his mouth for a kiss . 
 `` i do love it . 
 now come here before you put all that gear on , and i ca n't feel you anymore . '' 
 bishop wraps his arms around my waist , making me forget everything but him and how i need to be closer . 
 need my body closer . 
 need more of his hands on me . 
 but the kiss is over way too soon , and bishop 's pulling away . 
 he brushes a few stray hairs off my face . 
 `` you should probably go in . 
 hockey 's your thing . 
 state championship . 
 this is a huge deal . 
 i do n't want to distract you . '' 
 `` it is my thing . '' 
 i kiss the corner of his mouth . 
 `` i love hockey . 
 i could n't function without it . '' 
 he gets a far off look in his eyes like there are a million things buzzing around in his head . 
 `` hey , what 's wrong ? '' 
 i slide my hands down over his chest . 
 because bishop and i touch each other that way . 
 and we kiss . 
 and after kissing him , i really want to know what it 's like to do more . 
 i also know in a few minutes , i 'm going to have to shake off this amazing feeling so i can get ready for the game . 
 just not yet . 
 bishop takes a deep breath before smiling at me . 
 `` nothing . 
 ca n't wait to see you kick ass out there . '' 
 grinning , i lean forward to kiss him again . 
 `` jones ! '' 
 someone 's hockey stick clanks on my window . 
 `` get off the guy and get your ass in the locker room ! '' 
 mitch laughs , and becca gives me a wave . 
 chomps and matt are behind him and make kissy faces at me as they walk by . 
 i flip them off . 
 jerks . 
 i close my eyes for a moment , trying to clear my thoughts as i slide my fingers through his hair . 
 `` i love the way you mess with my head . '' 
 `` i love the way you mess with mine . '' 
 he stares into me . 
 deep . 
 like he always has . 
 `` know that , okay ? '' 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 i lean forward and press our lips together again . 
 and then just touch his tongue with mine . 
 he 's becoming a very nice addiction . 
 `` i know . 
 go kick ass . '' 
 he leans forward and kisses me back . 
 `` we 'll talk after . '' 
 `` bishop ! '' 
 gary pounds on the window as he laughs , but he 's also shaking his head . 
 `` okay . '' 
 i slide off bishop , not thrilled with our interruptions , but ready to get into the game . 
 i even let him carry my bag . 
 ... lucky bra . 
 lucky socks . 
 lucky leggings . 
 lucky shirt . 
 i shake out my quivering hands . 
 i slide on my pads and my jersey . 
 my heart 's thrumming . 
 hammering . 
 thrumming . 
 state . 
 senior year . 
 i 'm the only girl playing . 
 i 'm in the locker room alone . 
 it 's quiet . 
 perfect . 
 my whole high school hockey career has come down to this . 
 i 'm not going home on the losing team . 
 skates . 
 i pull each step of laces tight before moving to the next . 
 they have to be just right . 
 just so that i do n't have to touch them again . 
 tight . 
 ready . 
 helmet . 
 check . 
 mouthguard . 
 check . 
 i shove bishop out of my mind . 
 shove mom out of my mind . 
 push away the picture of her and ben . 
 thank dad for making me love this game , which twists in my gut , but just for a moment . 
 reluctantly push away the picture of bishop drumming without his shirt . 
 push away gramps , after i imagine him giving me a thumbs-up . 
 for big games like this , i ca n't even look for them in the crowd . 
 i need to be in the zone . 
 on the ice and nowhere else . 
 i 'm good . 
 my head is clear . 
 i 've got lucky everything on , and i 'm ready . 
 i can kick ass . 
 i can do this . 
 my team can do this . 
 i stand up and head out to the ice knowing once i 'm there , it 'll all fall into place . 
 like always . 
 ... i have n't had a clear thought in the four minutes since the game started . 
 there 's no time . 
 the puck 's mine . 
 now mitch 's . 
 now stolen . 
 i fly toward number ten and ram him into the wall . 
 chomps flicks the puck back to mitch , and ten is on my tail as i try to position myself in front of the goal . 
 i know mitch . 
 i know what 's he 's doing . 
 he goes around the backside of their goal , and i fake like i 'm moving back , but come forward just as the puck goes from mitch 's stick to mine . 
 i smash the thing with everything i have and hit net . 
 holy . 
 shit . 
 goal one in state is mine . 
 i scream and throw my hands in the air . 
 the crowd screams . 
 mitch slaps my back as i spin around . 
 `` way to go , penny ! '' 
 matt yells from the goal . 
 wow , this feels good . 
 better than good . 
 the puck 's on the ice . 
 back to game . 
 number ten 's after me now . 
 i ca n't shake this guy , and he 's almost as big as chomps . 
 at the end of first period , the score is still 1-0 . 
 just me . 
 just mine . 
 i 'm gasping for air as we hit the bench . 
 coach yells some words of encouragement . 
 my whole body already hurts from being slammed . 
 this is brutal . 
 `` you okay , penny ? '' 
 coach says more quietly as we head back out . 
 he never singles me out . 
 `` good , why ? '' '' 
 'cause ten has it out for you . 
 he 's a big guy . '' 
 i just nod . 
 this would piss me off coming from most people , but coach has never treated me like i ca n't handle myself . 
 i hit the ice and look at the hulk of number ten again . 
 not a good idea . 
 i ca n't be afraid to get hit . 
 ca n't . 
 that 's the number one killer in a game . 
 i 'm penny . 
 no fear . 
 i 'm fast . 
 i 'm good . 
 i can play . 
 the puck hits the ice , and i 'm back to instinct . 
 i 've never skated so hard , worked so fast , let instinct take over more . 
 i ca n't wait to watch this game because i know i 'm playing good . 
 uaf 's men 's coach will take me for sure after this . 
 still no goals from the opposing team . 
 we can do this . 
 i 'm weak , like i 've run ten miles , but only one more period 's gone by , which means one left and we win . 
 one . 
 the whistle blows to start the final period , and number ten clips my shoulder , slamming me against the wall . 
 a searing shot of pain goes through my arm , stealing my breath , but i can handle it . 
 i can deal . 
 i 'm okay . 
 my skates slice across the ice , and both teams race and weave to gain control of the puck and the game . 
 i get slammed again . 
 i fall . 
 exhaustion is taking over almost as much as the pain . 
 mitch flies behind the goal again , puck at the ready . 
 i need to get in there to make sure we stay ahead . 
 my legs are starting to weaken , my shoulder 's a throbbing mess , but there 're less than ten minutes left . 
 i can take advil later . 
 right now , i need to play with everything i have . 
 chapter twenty-three bishop something 's not right . 
 i do n't know what it is , but penny does n't seem as fast as she was . 
 she 's not letting anyone close to her . 
 yeah , i know she 's supposed to be dodging guys , but she 's doing it differently . 
 it takes everything i have inside me not to jump out on the ice and take down number ten . 
 he 's been on her ass all night , and it 's pissing me off . 
 hockey or not , he hits her again , and i 'm out there . 
 chill out , riley , i tell myself . 
 penny does n't need me . 
 she does n't need anyone . 
 she can take care of herself . 
 she 'll go off and play hockey , which is what she should do . 
 leave my ass behind . 
 i look around , starting to feel freaked out . 
 it does n't make it easier that the crowd is double what it was at her last game . 
 people pushing , screaming , cheering , grabbing . 
 it 's every fear that taunts me alive . 
 if this was n't her game , i would have been gone a long time ago , but what kind of man am i if i ca n't deal with a crowd for her ? 
 i need to find a way to calm my shakes before i spiral out of control . 
 penny makes a turn , ice shooting up from her skate , and it calms me a little bit . 
 she 's incredible out there . 
 everywhere , actually , but it 's so cool to see her skate like that . 
 and they 're going to win because of her . 
 i know it . 
 i look a few rows behind me and see penny 's mom with ben . 
 if you ask me , it 's pretty janky that she brought him here . 
 she gives me a look of death , so i turn away . 
 i 'm not dealing with her tonight . 
 it bothers me that gramps is n't here , though . 
 gramps and our talk and the pills are playing on a continuous loop in my mind . 
 the more i think about them , the more it feels like everyone is gravitating toward me , squeezing around me tighter and tighter until i want to scream for a whole different reason . 
 bishop ! 
 bishop ! 
 bishop ! 
 i flinch , try to take some deep breaths , pretend i 'm walking with gary . 
 they 're not here for me . 
 no one 's yelling my name . 
 i hate that it 's like this . 
 it should n't be this way . 
 it sucks that i 'm teetering on the edge at a hockey game . 
 trying to shake it off , i look for penny . 
 just as i do , she starts skating our way . 
 number ten is right behind her . 
 he slams her into the wall so hard , i swear i feel the rumble . 
 and then she hits the ice . 
 my chest is getting tighter , like someone is squeezing the air out of me . 
 the crowd gasps . 
 pauses . 
 i stare , waiting for her to get up . 
 she does n't . 
 everyone starts racing toward her . 
 coaches , an emt , her team , i do n't know who else , but i know i have to get to her . 
 to be there for her the way she 's unknowingly been there for me . 
 i start shoving my way through the crowd . 
 `` bishop ! '' 
 gary yells from behind me , but i ignore him . 
 deep breaths . 
 calm the f ** k down , b . 
 you ca n't lose it right now . 
 the crowd is tight . 
 no one wants to let me through , and i 'm struggling to breathe . 
 it 's like they 're a wall , fighting to keep me from her , so i start pushing bodies with everything i have in me . 
 my chest cinches tighter . 
 deep breaths . 
 in . 
 out . 
 in . 
 out . 
 i feel like i 've downed a bunch of uppers . 
 my insides are twitchy , like they want to bust out of my body . 
 i ca n't control any of it . 
 nothing . 
 me . 
 the crowd . 
 no control . 
 `` bishop ! '' 
 gary yells again . 
 i just need penny . 
 need to get to penny . 
 there are too many people around me , in front of me , to see her . 
 hands clawing at my skin . 
 people grabbing me . 
 bishop ! 
 burn ! 
 bishop , burn ! 
 do n't crack up ! 
 it 's not real . 
 deep breaths , deep breaths , deep breaths . 
 she 's not getting up . 
 why is n't she getting up ? 
 finally , i push my way onto the ice . 
 if i took the time , i might be able to breathe right now , but it 's not important . 
 i 'm slipping like crazy , but again , it does n't matter . 
 a million years later , i get to the people blocking her . 
 they 're crowding around her . 
 give her room to breathe ! 
 `` pen , '' rushes out of my mouth when i get to her . 
 her mom is by her side , and she gives me another one of those evil looks . 
 right now ? 
 fuck her . 
 i do n't care . 
 this is about penny . 
 ben steps in front of me when i reach for her . 
 `` her mom does n't want you around her . 
 maybe you should back up . '' 
 `` and i 'm pretty sure penny would n't want you around her . '' 
 i shove him aside and he falls to the ice . 
 someone yells , `` hey ! '' 
 and a ton of hard stares come down on me . 
 burn , bishop , burn ! 
 hands grabbing me . 
 they 're loading her onto a gurney . 
 `` penny . '' 
 i reach out and touch her hand . 
 they took her gloves off so it 's just her skin , all soft . 
 her bones , all fragile . 
 so fragile . 
 her eyelids flutter a few times , but her body 's still slack . 
 ben grabs my shoulder . 
 `` back up ! '' 
 i just want to make sure she 's okay . 
 they should understand that . 
 i need her to be okay . 
 i shake him off . 
 my finger is latched onto penny 's . 
 her mom is there again , breaking our contact , leaning over penny . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 how bad is she hurt ? 
 is she awake ? '' 
 she can hate me later . 
 right now , i just need to know about penny . 
 `` get out of the way , '' she replies . 
 ben grabs for me , and i shove him again . 
 people gasp all around me . 
 a coach grabs me this time . 
 `` we need you to get off the ice ! '' 
 everyone is staring . 
 mitch skates up and tries to grab my arm , but i jerk away . 
 i ca n't handle being touched right now . 
 `` she 'll be okay , bishop . '' 
 i ignore him . 
 breathe , breathe , breathe . 
 sweat makes my eyes sting . 
 they 're wheeling penny away . 
 dizzy . 
 i ca n't believe i 'm f ** king dizzy right now . 
 i feel like i could puke . 
 pass out . 
 fall down . 
 something . 
 everything is blurry . 
 the crowd is both loud and muted at the same time . 
 people are looking at me . 
 somehow , they 're transformed into a crowd at one of my shows . 
 waiting for me . 
 penny 's gone , and all i can think about is her . 
 gramps . 
 gramps is n't here . 
 he would be down on the ice if he was . 
 gramps has to know she 's hurt . 
 they 're not going to let me see her , but gramps will make sure she 's okay for me . 
 get me in to see if she 's okay . 
 breathe , breathe , breathe . 
 i start to run . 
 the ice is slippery as hell . 
 my heart feels like it might burst , but i keep going . 
 i 'm out of the building and do n't even take the time to suck in a deep breath . 
 i run for bitty , pulling the keys out of my pocket as i go . 
 i slam the truck into first , the tires spinning as i peel out of the parking lot . 
 i almost run off the road three times , the tires slipping and sliding , but i just need to get home . 
 tell gramps . 
 check on penny . 
 she 'll be okay . 
 everything will be okay . 
 the only reason i know i turned off the truck when i get home is i use the keys to unlock her house . 
 `` gramps ! '' 
 breathe , breathe , breathe . 
 do n't lose it right now . 
 not when it counts . 
 she can do anything . 
 she 's way better than me . 
 i need to do this for her . 
 `` gramps ! 
 she 's hurt . 
 she needs you . 
 we need you ! '' 
 music is playing , but i ca n't find him anywhere . 
 my legs are shaking so bad i can hardly stand , but i push myself . 
 keep going . 
 have to keep going . 
 `` gramps ! '' 
 i make it to the kitchen . 
 i 'm not breathing anymore . 
 my heart is n't beating , but somehow i make myself run to gramps who 's lying on the floor , a pie teetering on the edge of the table . 
 `` no ! 
 no , no , no ! 
 fuck no ! '' 
 i fall to the floor next to him . 
 grab him . 
 pull his head to my lap . 
 my hands are shaking so hard i ca n't even tell if there 's a pulse . 
 get it together . 
 i need to get it together . 
 do n't f ** k this up . 
 my chest is cracked open , everything inside me spilling out . 
 gramps . 
 penny . 
 how can this be happening ? 
 `` wake up . 
 wake up , old man . 
 penny needs you . '' 
 i need you . 
 i shake him . 
 please wake up . 
 i need him to wake up . 
 i love you , too . 
 rocking . 
 with his head in my lap , i rock . 
 look down at his beard . 
 there 's grease on his face again . 
 crazy old man , always has grease on his face . 
 and then it 's wet , my tears hitting him the same way mom 's hit me in the hospital . 
 `` you 're doing good , son . 
 we 'll get through this together . 
 i 'll be there every step of the way . '' 
 `` you said we 'd do it together . 
 you said you 'd be there . 
 you have to be there . '' 
 more rocking . 
 my head is blurry . 
 the room is blurry . 
 i just want it all to go away . 
 everything . 
 it 's too much . 
 please be there . 
 i need you . 
 i ca n't do it , old man . 
 fighting , i try to stop shaking , to stop rocking , but i ca n't . 
 it 's taking me over , possessing me . 
 penny , gramps ... `` bishop ! 
 what are you-oh shit . '' 
 gary falls to the floor next to me . 
 he 's on his phone . 
 yelling into it . 
 yelling at me . 
 pushing me out of the way so gramps is flat on the floor . 
 my brain tells my body to do something , but i 'm frozen . 
 `` snap out of it , bishop ! 
 i need your help ! '' 
 leaning over , he breathes into gramps 's mouth . 
 cpr . 
 gramps is gone . 
 he loved me . 
 he knew all about me and still loved me . 
 `` push on his chest . 
 snap the f ** k out of it and help me ! '' 
 he yells . 
 i 'm screwing it up . 
 like always . 
 get it together ! 
 for once , i need to not mess something up . 
 fighting down everything else inside me , i find the spot in the center of his chest and start compressions . 
 gary gives him more air . 
 gramps has no air . 
 gary 's breathing for him . 
 i 'm trying to start his heart when he 's always been able to do everything . 
 over and over , we try to bring gramps back to us . 
 i 'm on autopilot , no idea what i 'm doing , but managing to do it . 
 emts show up . 
 shove me out of the way . 
 give gramps air . 
 push on his chest . 
 gary 's pacing . 
 talking to an emt . 
 my legs are so weak i reach out so the table can hold me up , but i miss and almost crash to the floor . 
 i 'm numb . 
 more numb than i 've ever been . 
 i ca n't feel anything . 
 do n't know if i 'm breathing , but i know i need out . 
 out of the house . 
 out of my own skin . 
 out of everything . 
 staggering , i stumble to my cabin . 
 i have no idea how i get inside . 
 with all the strength and anger inside me , i kick my drums until they topple down , smash my foot over and over into them . 
 pain shoots up my leg , but i do n't care . 
 penny is hurt . 
 gramps is gone . 
 i know it . 
 know he 's not coming back . 
 how can he leave me ? 
 does n't he know i need him ? 
 how much penny needs him ? 
 he was fine yesterday . 
 fine . 
 we worked on the car , and laughed , and talked , and he told me we 'd do this together . 
 he made me believe . 
 he made me feel strong . 
 more stumbling and then i make it to my room . 
 i do n't know why i go there , what i want . 
 actually i know what i want , but i ca n't have it . 
 my foot catches on the chair , and i fall forward and let loose . 
 cries climb up my throat . 
 my gut cramps . 
 i wanted to save him . 
 could n't save him . 
 he 's gone . 
 gone . 
 penny 's hurt , and i could n't save gramps for her-for me . 
 i 'm losing it . 
 it 's not like i did anything to deserve being happy anyway . 
 i roll on the ground , my eyes blur with tears . 
 my suitcase sits in front of me , taunting me . 
 i can hardly make it out through the blur of my vision . 
 my shaking increases . 
 my heart slam-dances in my chest . 
 he could have missed one . 
 i actually crawl to my suitcase , rip it open . 
 please let him have left one . 
 it takes me three times to push my fingers inside . 
 finally they 're there and ... harder , my heart pounds harder . 
 there 's a baggy inside . 
 he did n't take them . 
 why did n't he take them ? 
 maybe he did n't get a chance . 
 maybe he forgot . 
 what matters is they 're here when i need them . 
 i rip it out . 
 open . 
 twelve pills . 
 i want to throw them across the room . 
 i want to take them all . 
 gary giving gramps air . 
 pushing on his chest . 
 penny getting slammed into the wall . 
 falling , falling . 
 her mom 's words . 
 she 'll never let me be a part of penny 's life . 
 i do n't deserve to be , never have . 
 it 'll be my last one . 
 no more . 
 why did n't i tell gramps i loved him , too ? 
 i dump them into my shaking hand and toss i do n't even know how many into my mouth . 
 the rest fall to the floor and scatter . 
 stumbling , i go to the bathroom , then turn on the tap . 
 what am i doing ? 
 i do n't want to do this . 
 i need this . 
 i cup my hands , fill them with water , and drink down the pills and liquid before sliding down the wall and hitting the floor . 
 i 'm floating away ... further and further the longer i sit here . 
 the pain is masked , hiding behind the clouds of high . 
 i can breathe . 
 i 'm free . 
 it feels so good . 
 i should n't have fought this . 
 why did i fight this ? 
 soaking in this light , fluffy feeling , i kick my legs out in front of me . 
 this is the freedom gary talked about . 
 the pain keeps getting further away , and it feels incredible . 
 alaska bishop is gone . 
 gramps pushes his way through the haze . 
 he worked with me . 
 believed in me . 
 loved me . 
 i 'm letting him down . 
 gary shoves his way in next . 
 he stood up for me . 
 protected me . 
 took time from troy to help me . 
 walked with me . 
 talked with me . 
 i 'm letting him down . 
 mom 's hand is in my hair . 
 she always loved me . 
 took care of me . 
 let me have my dreams . 
 she did everything to keep dad away from us . 
 i want to take care of her . 
 there 's no way to do it like this . 
 i do n't want to let her down anymore . 
 penny . 
 penny . 
 her hands on my sides . 
 her lips against mine . 
 vanilla and gasoline . 
 i feel the adrenaline when we race . 
 how good i felt just carrying her hockey bag . 
 she trusts me . 
 talks to me . 
 likes me . 
 bishop ripe , not bishop riley . 
 i do n't have to be a rock star for her . 
 and i lied to her . 
 i do n't want to lie to her anymore . 
 i want to deserve her trust . 
 this is my biggest f ** k up of all . 
 all my plans , what i told gramps , gary , rehab . 
 i 'm blowing it to hell . 
 it makes me sick . 
 i make myself sick . 
 gramps just died , and i do n't know what 's wrong with penny , and i 'm high . 
 hatred burns through me . 
 lurching forward , i stick my finger down my throat trying to get rid of the poison inside me . 
 trying to be the bishop i want to be . 
 it tastes like crap . 
 my throat burns . 
 my stomach feels like it 's shriveling i puke so hard , but i do n't want to leave anything else in there . 
 i do n't want it inside me ever again . 
 when nothing else will come out , i pull out my cell and type two words . 
 i 'm sorry after hitting send , i push to my feet and run outside . 
 chapter twenty-four penny i blink and try to open my eyes , but it 's like they 're filled with mud . 
 everything 's heavy . 
 someone 's holding my hand . 
 bishop . 
 bishop has my hand . 
 i remember at the rink . 
 i turn , and mom 's blurry face is looking through the railings of a hospital bed . 
 `` you 're fine , sweetie . '' 
 mom 's voice carries to my ears from someplace far away . 
 or maybe i just think it 's far away . 
 `` you got a nasty concussion , and - '' `` where 's bishop ? '' 
 i jerk my hand away , but i ca n't find the thoughts to form the words . 
 wait . 
 game . 
 `` the game . 
 how did we do ? '' 
 `` mitch stopped by . 
 you won . '' 
 i let myself relax . 
 how much did i miss ? 
 what did i miss ? 
 `` yours was the only goal scored . 
 i 'm proud of you . '' 
 mom 's voice hitches . 
 `` why am i here ? '' 
 wait . 
 her face is seriously red and blotchy , and tears are streaming down her cheeks so fast she ca n't keep up with them . 
 `` did i lose an arm or something ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the foggy , floaty feeling is still keeping me from putting any pieces together . 
 i 'm just here . 
 wait . 
 i 'm mad at mom . 
 i think . 
 `` no , honey , but - '' `` bishop ? '' 
 that 's what i was after . 
 he had my hand . 
 not mom . 
 bishop . 
 this is n't right . 
 `` he 's not here , '' mom says , but her voice is sorry , tired , not frustrated like i 'd expect . 
 `` penny . 
 listen to me . '' 
 she 's being too quiet . 
 why is her voice so quiet and hesitant ? 
 why is n't bishop here ? 
 i turn toward mom . 
 `` did you tell bishop not to come ? '' 
 `` yes , but we need to talk about something else right now . '' 
 i never know what to do when things get this intense , so i try to tease . 
 `` am i dying or something ? '' 
 she shakes her head and squeezes her eyes tight before looking at me . 
 `` you 'll be fine honey , but we lost gramps . '' 
 `` gramps ? '' 
 the room spins , turning my stomach over . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` he passed away . '' 
 the words come out on top of one another in this weird , whispering voice . 
 they linger , hover , and then start digging their way in , but i wo n't let them . 
 wo n't let them sink in . 
 wo n't let them be replayed . 
 i choke . 
 `` no . 
 he 's fine . '' 
 i ca n't lose gramps . 
 ca n't . 
 my head is so clogged up and heavy that i 'm not processing right . 
 no way can this be happening . 
 `` i 'm sorry , penny . 
 he had a heart attack . 
 he was gone before the ambulance got there . '' 
 mom 's hand squeezes mine again , but she feels like a stranger right now who is saying things i ca n't understand . 
 gramps is n't gone . 
 i 'll figure this out . 
 i just need out of here so i can find him . 
 i try to sit up , but a shot of pain rushes through my shoulder , and the room spins like i 'm on a roller coaster . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 a nurse pushes me back down . 
 where did she come from ? 
 `` she 's going to give you something for the pain , '' mom says as she continues to hold my hand in her two . 
 i do n't want anything for the pain . 
 my chest hurts way worse than my shoulder , and i do n't think whatever she 's putting in my iv is going to help with that . 
 i do n't want mom to hold my hand . 
 i want to be out on the rink with gramps screaming my name from the bleachers and grinning every time i get stuck in the penalty box . 
 he 's the only thing that takes the sting out of dad being gone . 
 my eyes are too heavy . 
 i open my mouth to say stop with the drugs , but nothing comes out . 
 gramps dying is all too real . 
 i scream and yell , only i think it 's mumbles because my lips are so numb i ca n't feel them . 
 mom told bishop to leave me alone , and now gramps is gone , and if i ca n't have gramps i need bishop . 
 i try to tell her how i hate that she lied to me and that she has n't been home and that she never gave bishop a chance . 
 i exhaust myself talking in slurred words . 
 i 'm still fuzzy with drugs , and none of it makes sense . 
 finally , the doctor insists my mother leave the room . 
 `` you 're not mad at me , penny . 
 you 're just mad , '' she keeps saying over and over . 
 right now , it 's all the same . 
 i lie through a ct scan to check for permanent damage to my brain and wonder why bishop has n't fought his way through to see me yet . 
 i 've been here all night . 
 a doctor explains that my clavicle is broken in several places , which is not his biggest concern . 
 his concern is the huge bundle of torn ligaments , which was probably the hit i took and ignored . 
 because i kept playing , i shredded the torn ends . 
 he 's scheduled surgery on my clavicle and is n't sure yet how best to treat the rest of the damage . 
 that 's a different kind of specialist . 
 i 've also got some serious bruising on my hip and thigh , which will make walking tricky for the next couple weeks . 
 the damage sounds bad , and i wonder how long it 'll be before i can get back out on the ice because i ca n't even think about the possibility of losing hockey right now . 
 the doctor keeps mom from my room for my recovery . 
 i 'm angry and she 's here and i want all of this to be over . 
 i want to be home with gramps working on my car and giving bishop shit for not keeping up-even though he does . 
 i hear long recovery . 
 physical therapy . 
 pain medication . 
 rest . 
 calm . 
 nothing i want to hear . 
 bishop still has n't made his way to me . 
 i think that hurts almost as much as losing gramps . 
 ... mom and i drive home together , and she 's sort of understanding i need her to be quiet because she 's said nothing . 
 i feel empty . 
 i should be worried i 'll never play hockey again or that my arm wo n't work right or wonder how far behind in homework i 'm going to be , but i do n't have it in me to care about any of that . 
 gramps and bishop are the only things swirling in my head . 
 as soon as we stop in the driveway i push open my door , determined to do this on my own . 
 `` i 'm going to see bishop . 
 i 'll be inside in a minute . '' 
 though , i have n't totally figured out how to walk by myself yet . 
 she sucks in a breath like she 's bracing herself . 
 `` what ? '' 
 but before she can answer , mitch slides into my driveway in his truck . 
 driving like an ass , as usual . 
 before mitch opens his door , mom says , `` he 's gone , pen . 
 he and gary left . 
 i have a number for you . '' 
 `` he left ? 
 why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 the hollowness grips at my insides in a feeling that 's a million times worse than my shoulder . 
 `` give me the number . '' 
 mom slides out her phone and scrolls to gary , handing it to me . 
 i hit send with shaky hands . 
 it has n't even sunk in that he 's not here . 
 bishop would never just leave . 
 not with me hurt . 
 not with gramps 's death . 
 how crazy is it that i never even got bishop 's number ? 
 he was just here . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 gary answers . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 my voice has nowhere near the strength i need for it to . 
 my body has no strength . 
 `` penny ... '' he sighs . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 he was really trying hard . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 i 'm blinking back tears again . 
 even my lips are trembling , i 'm feeling so much . 
 how could he ... `` was he sick or something ? '' 
 mitch stops next to me , his brows pulled down , and he 's leaning forward , trying to see my face . 
 `` you know who he is , right ? '' 
 gary asks . 
 `` the drummer for - '' `` i know who he is ! '' 
 i yell , pain spreading through my side so sharp i gasp , and mitch wraps an arm around me . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` he has a drug problem , penny . 
 pills . 
 drinking . 
 that 's why he was here . 
 to get clean , but he could n't control it on his own anymore . '' 
 it 's like someone 's just stuffed my head with cotton-something that makes it hard to think . 
 to see . 
 to breathe . 
 drug problem ? 
 he 's on drugs , and he never told me ? 
 my world tilts . 
 i do n't get how bishop could be on drugs . 
 he never seemed like a junky to me . 
 never once acted high . 
 and he knew , knew how i felt because of my dad . 
 and . 
 and he knew how i hate being lied to . 
 in a strange way , that 's not the worst thing he did . 
 how could he have all the faith in me-tell me i can go to school where i want and play on the men 's team-when he was n't even staying clean ? 
 in a way , he was another person making choices for me . 
 or allowing me to make choices based on a lie . 
 and he left . 
 left me the way dad did . 
 i know it was n't his choice , but i feel left all the same . 
 mom chose ben over me . 
 mitch left me for becca . 
 gramma and now gramps ... why am i so easy to leave behind ? 
 `` do you know my dad died ? '' 
 i ask . 
 it 's all i can think of-easier to focus on this instead of the fact that two people i care about are gone in one swoop . 
 mom 's hand goes to her mouth , and she blinks as a few tears fall . 
 i 'm not sure if this makes me feel bad for her or more angry . 
 probably , i should feel bad . 
 `` you mean gramps ? '' 
 gary asks . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i snap . 
 `` my dad ! '' 
 `` no , '' he whispers . 
 `` some stupid a ** hole who liked to get wasted killed him . 
 when you see bishop-if you see bishop-tell him to leave me the f ** k alone . '' 
 i hang up the phone , hand it to mom , and the first sob hits me , sending shocks of pain from my shoulder through my body . 
 it 's not taped tight enough . 
 no one could tape me tight enough . 
 my hip aches as i move back to my house a half step at a time . 
 i know i should be leaning against someone , but mitch does n't feel right anymore . 
 bishop 's gone . 
 walked out on me when i needed him most . 
 i lost my gramps . 
 his happy face , his freaking pies , and his horrible country music . 
 i do n't have enough people to lose two at once . 
 there 's too much hurt . 
 too much cracking apart . 
 too much everything . 
 every kind of pain . 
 bishop 's gone . 
 the bastard left . 
 god . 
 and the reason he was here . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 do n't want to move . 
 i 'm stopped in my driveway wishing i could pass out again . 
 wishing to not feel . 
 to escape . 
 anything . 
 i 'd do anything . 
 my body shakes , spreading the shoulder pain , which is nothing compared to how my chest burns . 
 mom tries to touch me , but i push her away because i 'm just not ready to deal with our mess right now . 
 mitch tries to support me as my thoughts continue to spin . 
 shit . 
 bishop did want to talk . 
 was this it ? 
 what he wanted to tell me before the game ? 
 the thing i made fun of him for ? 
 it 's just that the other thing was so big , i did n't see this coming , and i feel stupid . 
 i 'm still pissed . 
 him being some kind of rock star was an okay thing to share because it did n't make him look bad . 
 but him being some drugged-out drummer was n't important enough to share . 
 fine . 
 whatever . 
 `` penny ? '' 
 mitch 's voice sounds panicked , but close . 
 too close . 
 `` can i help you up ? '' 
 am i down ? 
 mom 's wiping away her tears and kneeling in front of me . 
 i 'm sitting in the snow , and mitch 's arms are around me , pulling me to my feet . 
 `` penny , '' mitch whispers . 
 `` come on . '' 
 i let him half carry me to the door . 
 i 've never let anyone see me this weak . 
 i 've never been this weak . 
 it just fuels my anger . 
 `` can i - '' mom starts . 
 `` i got it for now , '' mitch whispers as we pass her on our way into the house . 
 `` he left , mitch . '' 
 more searing pain . 
 `` he just left . '' 
 ... i 'm not sure how long mitch stays . 
 i sob when he brings me a piece of gramps 's apple pie . 
 and part of me smiles because gramps was right . 
 he said it was a good one-renaissance man and all that . 
 i sleep . 
 i wake up . 
 i sleep . 
 my surgery is one long day of more haziness and drugs . 
 mitch is still around . 
 it 's crazy how i thought he was more than a friend . 
 this feels nothing like being next to bishop , which sends another hit of searing pain through me . 
 right now , mitch is the best friend i have . 
 maybe the only real one . 
 i 'm snuggled against his warmth , with days worth of paper plates and cups strewn about my room , scrolling through everything i can find on my phone about bishop riley . 
 none of it meshes with the guy i knew . 
 drugs . 
 girls . 
 hotness ... okay . 
 that one came with him . 
 there 's such a disconnect from the famous guy to the guy i know . 
 or ... knew , i guess , since he 's not here anymore , and it would appear i did n't know him all that well anyway . 
 he sent me one short , pathetic message on the day he left . 
 i 'm sorry anyone and everyone is sorry . 
 it changes nothing . 
 when my bedroom door opens , i quickly disconnect from the internet , and rebecca steps in . 
 what ? 
 i slowly scoot to sitting in bed and double over the pain is so intense . 
 `` you just walked into my house ? '' 
 how long has it been since i took something for pain ? 
 it 's like there still is n't enough tape to keep my bones from feeling like they 're scraping around inside me , and my surgery scar itches like crazy . 
 rebecca glances between mitch and i a few times , and then crosses her arms . 
 `` i lent you my boyfriend for nearly a week . 
 where he slept , with you , after finally admitting to me that he loves you . '' 
 her whisper is harsh . 
 `` though he claims its just friendship , i think i 'm allowed to walk in . '' 
 just then mitch lets out a snore , his mouth still hanging open in sleep . 
 and we both laugh-it 's sort of a nervous , need-to-break-tension laugh , but it works . 
 but then the weight of losing everything at once crashes into me again . 
 rebecca 's face changes . 
 `` have you eaten ? '' 
 she whispers . 
 i shake my head and clutch my stomach . 
 `` not for a while . '' 
 i 've never not been able to eat . 
 and then i gesture to the mess in my room . 
 `` mitch has n't had a problem with his appetite . '' 
 becca smiles as she watches him drool on my pillow . 
 only someone crazy in love could see anything endearing about mitch 's drool . 
 `` of course he has n't had a problem with eating . 
 he 's mitch . 
 at least he 's friend enough to stick around . '' 
 she gestures with her head to my door . 
 `` come on . '' 
 humiliation burns its way to the surface , and i open my mouth twice before getting it out . 
 `` i need help to stand up . '' 
 becca says nothing , just comes to my side of the bed and puts her arm softly around me to help me to my feet . 
 my head pounds , my shoulder throbs , and my hip feels like it 's not only frozen stiff but aching . 
 `` we 'll get you some medicine as soon as you get food , '' she whispers . 
 i 'm about to ask where my mom is , because i 'm still not in the mood to run into her , but becca keeps talking . 
 `` your mom 's at work . 
 she 'd already taken some time off and is trying to give you space , so - '' `` you guys are talking about me ? '' 
 i frown as i baby-step out of my room . 
 hurts to stand , hurts to move . 
 as soon as i 'm in the open area downstairs , i see gramps 's freezers and then his trailer , and the panic and loss seize my chest again , wiping my brain clear of whatever we were just talking about . 
 becca 's hand rubs my back a few times . 
 `` breathe , penny . 
 come on , '' she whispers . 
 i follow her up the stairs , one pathetic step at a time , and into the kitchen . 
 `` this is so weird . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` never in a million years did i think i 'd find myself wanting to help penny jones . 
 or that you 'd even take help from anyone . '' 
 i 'm sort of amazed i 'm taking help from her , too . 
 so much has changed . 
 `` not like i have a choice . 
 i can barely walk . '' 
 i lean on the counter , afraid that if i sit i wo n't be able to get back up again . 
 the pain of my hip and my shoulder and my ribs is making it hard to breathe , but not like the ache in my chest . 
 becca stands in front of the windows , suddenly looking a little small and lost . 
 `` i know mitch had the same clothes on , and i feel horrible for even asking , but ... '' i do n't move my head but hold up my hand . 
 `` after kissing bishop , i totally see i do n't feel that way about mitch . 
 lying next to him was nothing like lying next to bishop . 
 and the stupid ass thinks i should be playing on a girls ' team for college anyway . '' 
 a corner of her mouth pulls up . 
 `` only you , penny , could find the drummer of a rock band in freaking seldon , alaska and make him fall in love with you . '' 
 i snort . 
 `` he did not fall in love with me , or he 'd be here . '' 
 the last few words come out all shaky , and tears threaten my eyes again , but there 's no way in hell i 'm crying again . 
 flashes of pictures i 've found of him while stalking the internet roll through my brain even though i wish i could erase them . 
 way too much of his cocky smirk and way too many girls who look like victoria 's secret models . 
 becca pushes two pieces of bread in the toaster before folding her arms . 
 `` i sat sort of near bishop when you practiced and watched that boy when you got hurt . 
 whether he fully knows it or not , he 's kicked-ass , insane-crazy in love with you . 
 trust me . '' 
 her words press into the anger i 'm holding on to-it 's so much easier than hurt . 
 `` and that 's how mitch is with you , so why are you worried about him ? '' 
 she fingers the clip in her hair for a moment . 
 `` because i know he loves you , and he swears it 's not the way i 'm thinking , but it can turn so easy . 
 that 's why . 
 honestly , penny , i think if you wanted him you could have him . 
 you 're like ... you 're like the girl who can do anything . 
 it 's a pretty big shadow to be living under . '' 
 i shake my head , feeling both empty and weighted at the same time . 
 `` trust me . 
 i ca n't ... i do n't know what i want right now . '' 
 `` when you figure it out ? 
 do it . 
 you have to see that you have a knack for getting what you want because you work your butt off for it . '' 
 so much of what she said echoes bishop 's words . 
 it 's too much to think about him right now , but maybe , maybe , becca 's right on one count . 
 maybe i can just decide for me . 
 whatever i want . 
 and make it happen . 
 `` why did you come help me ? '' 
 she laughs as she moves to the fridge . 
 `` two reasons . 
 one , your mom asked , and before you get upset about that , it 's because she 's trying to be nice . 
 two , so i could watch you with mitch . '' 
 she sets the oj back in the fridge and does n't make eye contact . 
 `` if i 'm being perfectly honest . '' 
 i grin , feeling a little lighter since it looks like becca and i can be straight with each other . 
 `` fair enough . 
 and ... i think you 're good for him . '' 
 crazy thing is that i mean it . 
 becca slides the toast onto a plate , taking one for herself . 
 `` i 'm scared because he wants me to follow him to washington , but i 'm staying up here . 
 i just ... i do n't want to spend the money , and i do n't want to be so far away from home . 
 i think it 's got him nervous . '' 
 i take a few nibbles of the toast becca sets in front of me . 
 `` mitch is crazy about you . 
 you two will be fine . '' 
 `` and so will you , penny jones . '' 
 she gives me a knowing smile as she sits . 
 `` mitch thinks you 're crazy for wanting to stick to alaska , but i happen to know that the coach from fairbanks has called like three times to ask how you are . '' 
 i stop chewing as i think about the amazing things this could mean . 
 `` which team ? '' 
 she pauses and takes a huge bite of her toast with a smile . 
 `` the men 's coach . 
 he 's pulling strings right now to take you , if you want to go . '' 
 i 'm stunned and thrilled and hoping mom wo n't put up too much of a fight because , in this moment , i know i want it enough that i 'm going to find a way to make it happen , injury or not . 
 i rub a hand through my greasy hair and know i have to say it . 
 know it . 
 some words are just a lot harder to find than others . 
 `` thanks , becca . '' 
 ... we climb in the car after gramps 's funeral . 
 it was nothing of what he would 've wanted and everything that every single funeral is-crying people who did n't know the deceased nearly as well as they thought they did . 
 as soon as i figure out what i really need to do for him , i 'll do it . 
 until then , i 'm going to do everything i can to erase this day from my memory . 
 mom hits a bump in the road , and i flinch . 
 my stupid brace is n't much of a brace , and the pain meds just are n't keeping up , especially on a day like today when i 'm moving around so much . 
 mom clears her throat and shifts in her seat . 
 `` i have things to say . '' 
 nervousness builds as the silence stretches , and mom re-grips the steering wheel like fifty more times . 
 `` things to say ? '' 
 i prompt . 
 she pulls in a long , slow breath . 
 `` i judged bishop harshly , and i 'm sorry . 
 he tried to be next to you when you got hurt and were on the stretcher , and i lost it . 
 i was angry because i felt like he was intruding and i was pushing you away when i did n't mean to . 
 i was n't fair to him when you got hurt , and i 'm sorry . '' 
 how would things be different if she had n't told him to stay away ? 
 would they be ? 
 i 'm so tired of being angry that i 'm not sure what to do or say . 
 if she did n't sound so ... sorry , it would be different . 
 `` i know that i give you a lot of freedom , but the morning you walked out of his cabin ... i could see you throwing away everything for him . 
 did you know a nurse i work with was two semesters away from being a doctor ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i 'm afraid to look at mom , so i stare at the snow-filled trees flying by as she drives . 
 `` two semesters left , and she gave it up for a guy from seldon . '' 
 i chew on my lip , a little annoyed that she thinks i 'm weak enough to push aside what i want for anyone , but i 'm starting to understand that she 's paranoid because i 'm her daughter . 
 mom tightens her hands on the steering wheel , feeling things she wants to force me to understand . 
 `` and now , ten years later , she 's the single parent of three kids and working as a nurse instead of what she could have been . '' 
 `` mom . '' 
 i raise my brows and finally look at her . 
 `` i 'm not going to lose myself in a guy . 
 ever . 
 and if you really want me to follow what i know i want , what i 've given a lot of thought to , you 'll be okay with me going to uaf . 
 i really want it , mom . 
 really . '' 
 the words i do n't say are the ones we both know i 'm thinking . 
 i 'll go there with or without your help . 
 mom and i are enough alike that she 'll know . 
 she nods , her hands finally resting more loosely on the steering wheel-a sign that we might be moving forward . 
 `` i 'll keep thinking on it , penny . 
 it 's hard for me to see so many big opportunities and to reconcile myself with that not being what you want . '' 
 `` i 'm decided , mom . '' 
 and feeling lighter the more i think about my decision . 
 `` and if i 'd been a better mother , we would have talked and i would n't have made a mess and underestimated you . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` and ben ? '' 
 i ask because she opened the door to talk about guys , so i 'm keeping it open . 
 `` and ben ... '' mom lets out a sigh . 
 `` i have n't dated since your father died . 
 i loved your dad so much , and it felt too wrong to even look at anyone else-especially living with gramps . 
 i ran into ben on my way home from work and , for the first time in years , i felt good . 
 pretty . 
 like a woman again . 
 and then the guilt kept me up all night . 
 it felt like i was cheating on your father , even though he 's been gone for years . 
 i wanted to tell you , pen . 
 but i could n't . 
 i felt guilty , and i knew if you did n't approve that i 'd walk away . 
 after taking care of you and gramps , there was finally someone who wanted to take care of me . 
 who wanted to see me . 
 to talk to me . 
 to spend time with me . 
 i was terrified of losing that . '' 
 we should have talked because mom and i share a lot more than either of us realized . 
 `` that 's what bishop did for me . '' 
 she takes a long , slow breath , and i know her well enough to know she 's considering what i 've said but has n't totally converted yet . 
 `` i hate what i 've done to us . 
 hindsight is twenty-twenty , though . 
 i was scared , but the longer i kept quiet about ben , the harder it was . 
 i swear to you , i 'd do it differently , but it was something that i wanted to be just mine for a while . 
 does that make any sense ? '' 
 `` a little . '' 
 i slide a bit lower down . 
 `` i miss him . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` bishop ? '' 
 `` both of them . '' 
 we drive in silence for a few more minutes . 
 `` you know gramps would have rather died like this than as a crazy man strapped to a bed somewhere . '' 
 `` i do n't think they do that anymore , mom . '' 
 i almost laugh , even though i 'm too heavy for laughing . 
 `` probably not . '' 
 something like a smile plays on the edges of her mouth . 
 since the mood is finally lightened in the car , and i 'm smart enough to want to keep it that way , i have the perfect thing for our drive home . 
 `` jeremy is working mcdonald 's this afternoon . '' 
 `` sounds good . '' 
 mom chuckles . 
 `` i do want you to meet ben . '' 
 `` mom . 
 small town . 
 i know ben . 
 he 's nice . 
 i like him . 
 i just - '' `` you do n't like that i did n't tell you . '' 
 she steals a glance my way to gauge my reaction . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she reaches over and squeezes my arm . 
 `` i wo n't do that again . 
 i promise . '' 
 more than it ever has , it feels like we 'll be good . 
 `` okay . '' 
 again , we drive in silence . 
 mom and i have never been great at the emotional stuff . 
 `` if you need to talk about bishop or anything else , you know you can come to me , right ? '' 
 `` not at all ready for that . '' 
 i stare out the window . 
 `` and i 'm trying not to wonder if things would be different if you had n't pushed him away . '' 
 a few moments pass before mom answers . 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 and we 're not perfect , but we 're better . 
 mom and i need to learn how to be without gramps around as our buffer . 
 i just have no idea what 's next for me . 
 if i 'll be able to play hockey , if i 'm going to college , if i 'm ever going to talk to bishop again . 
 chapter twenty-five bishop sixty days later dear penny , i feel like an ass for writing this . 
 it 's such an easy way out . 
 i 'm pretty sure if i would 've written you before ... everything , i never would 've heard the end of it . 
 you would have talked shit , and then i would have kicked your ass on the snowmachines to show you how cool i am . 
 this is n't a few months ago , though , is it ? 
 i 'd be surprised if you 're even still reading this . 
 you 've been known to have a bit of a temper , ya know ? 
 i 'm sorry it took so long for me to write . 
 sorry i screwed up so badly . 
 sorry i lied . 
 but most of all , i 'm sorry about gramps . 
 sorry he 's gone and i could n't save him . 
 that i could n't hold you while you cried . 
 wiped your tears in a way you never would have wanted someone to do , except after something that huge . 
 it kills me that i walked out on you-just left without a word , but that 's because of me , okay ? 
 not you . 
 and i did n't want to leave you , but i needed to get well . 
 remember that . 
 god , i miss him . 
 i ca n't imagine how you feel without him . 
 he was so cool ... i loved him . 
 he knew everything about me , and he still loved me and thought i was something special . 
 gramps was special . 
 you 're a lot like him . 
 not sure if i ever told you that . 
 i seriously hate doing this through e-mail . 
 i deserve having to face you in person , to admit what i did . 
 to actually see how much i disappointed you . 
 that 's not going to happen , though , so i 'll say it now . 
 i started taking pills because i could n't handle the crowds . 
 could n't deal with being on the road . 
 after that , it escalated until i could n't stop . 
 my mom and manager sent me to alaska when i almost od 'd . 
 i did n't get it . 
 it took you , gramps , and even gary to start to make me see . 
 it was n't enough , though . 
 what did it was hearing about your dad . 
 someone like me took your father away from you . 
 then i realized i was an addict and a coward . 
 it does n't excuse shit , but i want you to know i planned to tell you . 
 after the game , i was going to come clean and then leave for rehab . 
 it did n't go down like that , though . 
 the night we lost gramps ... the night you lost gramps , i lost it . 
 all i could think about was you being hurt and gramps being gone , and i downed a bunch of pills . 
 fuck , it 's embarrassing to even admit that . 
 while you were in the hospital and gramps was dying , i had to get high . 
 i 've never hated myself as much as i did then . 
 i do n't know what you know , or what you want to know , but i 've been in rehab ever since . 
 i went straight to the airport . 
 got off the plane and went straight to rehab . 
 not like that makes anything better , but it 's true . 
 so yeah , that 's all . 
 today 's my last day , and i wanted you to know that i 'm sorry . 
 for the lies , drugs , not being what you needed , gramps , everything . 
 hopefully , one day , i 'll deserve everything you guys gave me . 
 kick ass out there on the ice . 
 show those guys lucky penny can take them all . 
 i know whatever your injury was , it wo n't hold you back . 
 love , bishop ps ... when gary and i used to walk , we used that time to talk . 
 he told me about making schedules , so i now i have one . 
 every day , i 'm going to work on my ranchero-to fix her up . 
 i 've wanted to do that for so long but never took the time . 
 i will now . 
 and do n't laugh at this next one , but i 'm also getting a snowmachine . 
 i already picked it out online . 
 she 's all white like the snow-gorgeous . 
 mom thinks i 'm crazy , but i know you 'll understand . 
 i hit send on the email as there 's a knock on the door . 
 `` come in , '' i call , knowing its mom . 
 she 's the only one who 's come to see me since i 've been here . 
 the only one i 've wanted to see . 
 `` hey , sweetie . 
 are you excited to go home today ? '' 
 she 's smiling as she sits next to me , but i can tell she 's nervous . 
 makes sense . 
 i 'm not sure if i would trust me , either . 
 i feel good , though . 
 better than i remember feeling in a long-ass time . 
 it 's kind of like gary said , i 'm going back to when things were simple , going to hold on to the things that matter-the things that ground me . 
 i know there 's a lot to deal with . 
 a long road ahead of me , but i actually think i might be looking forward to it . 
 `` i do n't know if excited is the right word , but i think i 'm ready . '' 
 mom 's wearing her hair in a loose ponytail like always and a pair of jeans . 
 she smiles at me before leaning forward to put a hand on my knee . 
 instead , i pull her into a hug . 
 struggling , i try to remember the last time i hugged my own mom . 
 god , i was so screwed up . 
 mom 's shoulders start to shake , and i know she 's crying . 
 the sniffles start , and i hold her tighter . 
 `` i 'm sorry , ma ... i ca n't believe everything i put you through . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' she tries to tell me , but i shake my head . 
 `` it 's not okay . 
 none of it . 
 you protected me . 
 gave me everything . 
 let me follow my dream , and i was n't man enough to handle it . 
 and i took it out on you ... not letting you go with me to alaska ? 
 god , i ca n't believe that . '' 
 `` it was me . '' 
 she holds my hand . 
 `` who insisted you go ... or do something . 
 i wanted rehab , but i knew you 'd never go for it . 
 i 'm the one who pushed don to give you the ultimatum . '' 
 wow ... i did n't see that coming . 
 `` thanks . 
 for doing that . 
 i probably would n't have ... yeah , i might not be here if you had n't . '' 
 she cries harder . 
 we sit like that for a long time . 
 finally she pulls away . 
 her nails are still the same shade of pink as always . 
 she wipes her eyes . 
 smiles at me . 
 `` i love you , bishop . 
 i 'll always love you . 
 and i 'm looking forward to your future . 
 i know who you are , and that other guy ? 
 he was n't you . 
 i ca n't wait to watch you shine . '' 
 i hug her again . 
 tell her thank you and that i refuse to screw up this time . 
 i want to be the person she thinks i am . 
 the person i want to be . 
 she tells me she loves me again , and i know we 're okay . 
 it 's only the start , though . 
 i 'm going to keep proving myself . 
 for mom , penny , gramps ... for me . 
 `` you ready to get out of here ? '' 
 i 'm going home with her instead of my old house . 
 i do n't want anything to do with the guy who lived there . 
 ... the last thing i ever would have thought i would say is that i actually kind of enjoy going to my meetings . 
 maybe enjoy is n't the right word , but i do n't dread them , either . 
 there has n't been one i 've missed . 
 it 's crazy what realizing you are n't alone can do . 
 i was a druggie and screwed-up . 
 screwed-up a lot , but it does n't define me , and i 'm not the only one . 
 talking with people , i see that my dad could have been responsible for some of my anxiety , too . 
 my car gets a lot of my attention . 
 it 's my own form of troy 's trees . 
 when i need to be alone , i walk . 
 sometimes with gary , sometimes not . 
 troy and i have even started working out together . 
 even though i should n't , i ca n't help but wonder what penny would say if she saw how ripped i am now . 
 i send her emails , but they 're usually just little things here and there . 
 it took her a while to answer my first one-not that i blame her , she did because she 's strong like that . 
 and like i knew she would , she 's going to school in alaska . 
 she 'll kick those guys ' asses . 
 there 's a cab waiting for me outside my meeting . 
 after waving bye to my sponsor , i get in the car and give him the address to my old house . 
 mom is there when i arrive , waiting on the porch . 
 it 's the first time i 've been here since i came back to l.a. `` she 's running late . 
 she said she 'll be here in about ten minutes . 
 it wo n't take long to sign the papers , though . '' 
 mom stands from where she 'd been sitting on the steps . 
 `` okay . '' 
 staring at the house , something hits me . 
 it was n't this place i should be scared of , it 's the old me . 
 maybe this house , saying goodbye to it , is another way to say goodbye to the old bishop . 
 my hands do n't even shake as i unlock the door . 
 it 's empty . 
 mom took care of that for me . 
 and ... it 's only a house . 
 yeah , it 's the place i 've done a lot of drugs and other things i should n't have , but that 's all it is . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 mom 's arm slides through mine . 
 `` better than okay . '' 
 she gives me a small squeeze . 
 `` yeah , i think you are . 
 this is a big step , though , bishop . 
 not just the house , but everything . 
 are you sure it 's what you want ? 
 you 're really sure about this ? '' 
 turning toward her , i smile . 
 `` more than sure . '' 
 and it 's true . 
 so incredibly true . 
 chapter twenty-six penny mom and ben drop me off at the motocross track on my way home from physical therapy . 
 if i 'm careful , i 'll be playing hockey for uaf in just a few months , practicing with the team in a few weeks . 
 `` penny ! '' 
 chomps jumps off his bike . 
 `` you know the rules . '' 
 my body tenses , preparing to fight them off . 
 `` oh . 
 no . '' 
 i hold my finger up in warning . 
 `` do n't you dare . 
 i wore a skirt as a show that i 'm not going to try to ride . '' 
 `` help me with the cripple ! '' 
 he yells , and in seconds four guys have me in a lock as they duct tape my right arm to my side , wrapping the stuff around me at least four times . 
 i 'm laughing so hard my sides hurt as i try to kick them away . 
 `` you a ** holes ! '' 
 i yell . 
 mitch smirks as he throws his arm over becca 's shoulder . 
 `` ca n't have that arm getting hurt . '' 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 i widen my eyes and stare down at the tape crisscrossing around my middle . 
 `` the stuff hurts my arm hairs , and this shit is getting old . '' 
 only i 'm snorting as i try to keep a straight face , and the guys are still laughing and putting their helmets on for a few more laps . 
 `` come sit . '' 
 becca moves toward the stands , and i follow her with my stupid arm taped to my side . 
 i wonder what my physical therapist would say about this . 
 i itch to get on my bike as they tear up the track . 
 chomps is being sloppy today , and i know i 'd kick his ass . 
 `` i hate being on the sidelines . '' 
 i growl as i sit while wearing one of the many outfits becca made me get before she agreed we should be roommates . 
 actually , i think she said we were going to be roommates , but not until i started dressing like a girl instead of a jock . 
 `` you look hot , penny jones . 
 i 'm impressed . '' 
 she giggles as she takes another sip of her diet coke . 
 `` yeah , well ... '' and it 's not as weird as i would have thought . 
 i get glances no matter what-being as tall as i am with white-blond hair does that . 
 and anyway , i like the skirts . 
 fuel for my ego at the very least . 
 `` go university of alaska ! 
 the school i can afford ! '' 
 she fake cheers . 
 `` and mitch is cool with you not following him to washington ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she shrugs , keeping her gaze on him as he runs the track . 
 `` he 's not paying my tuition . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 but they 're solid . 
 i know they are . 
 i 've seen the way they stare at each other , and just thinking about it makes me miss bishop in a way i wish i did n't . 
 becca sits back , and then nerves settle into my stomach as i try to pick out the end of the duct tape to unroll myself and know i 'm about to tell her about him . 
 i 'm seriously trembling all over , which is crazy because it 's just a few emails . 
 everything still feels so raw and fresh , even though it 's been more than three months . 
 `` bishop wrote me . '' 
 i cough a few times trying to push out the words . 
 `` well , a few times ... '' this is so strange , having another girl to talk to about this stuff . 
 kind of cool , too . 
 `` actually , one long email and then every few days he sends something else . '' 
 `` holy shit . '' 
 she sits up so fast her feet slap on the old wood . 
 `` why did n't you say anything ? 
 have you written back ? '' 
 i slide my foot across the bleachers , staring down . 
 `` was n't sure how to talk about it yet . '' 
 his words have been rattling around in my head for weeks . 
 `` have you written back ? 
 like ... are you two conversing ? '' 
 she leans in , eyes filled with excitement . 
 all his words hit me again like punches to the chest . 
 `` he went to rehab . 
 told me everything . 
 hated how he left things ... it took me a while to answer . 
 like two weeks . 
 but we 've been writing . 
 a little . '' 
 becca sips her diet coke , still staring , waiting for more story . 
 `` i do n't know what we are . '' 
 i set my feet on the bench in front of me just for something to do . 
 mostly his letters make me hate him and miss him all at once . 
 i do n't know what to do with so much emotion . 
 she pokes my side . 
 `` look at you . 
 you 're all affected . '' 
 i finally find the end of the tape and start to tug . 
 anything to keep my hands busy while we 're talking about things i do n't know how to talk about . 
 `` shut up and help me with the duct tape , would you ? '' 
 becca 's grin is completely giddy . 
 `` he 's writing you . 
 you 're writing back . 
 you 're so sunk . '' 
 i stand up and turn as she continues to pull on the tape , wincing every time we go over my bare arm . 
 assholes . 
 seriously . 
 `` nope . 
 not sunk . 
 i 'm actually not going to complain about you dressing me because i need a normal boyfriend at college , not someone who makes me crazy . '' 
 she scoffs . 
 `` whatever , penny . 
 we leave in a week , and you 're obviously still in love with him . '' 
 i freeze . 
 am i ? 
 chapter twenty-seven bishop `` thanks for meeting with me , you guys . '' 
 i look at don sitting behind his desk . 
 the rest of my bandmates are in chairs , but i 'm standing by the door . 
 i think they 've known this was coming . 
 i knew it was coming , and i thought it would be harder . 
 being in a band was always my dream , and i 'm not stupid enough to think i wo n't miss it , but leaving is what i need . 
 it 's what 's best for me . 
 `` no problem , b.r. '' blake says . 
 he 's the only one besides don who might get my decision . 
 the only one who comes over to jam with me for no reason . 
 that 's cool . 
 there 've been enough fake people in my life . 
 i 'm ready for real . 
 twirling my drumsticks between my fingers , i start to talk . 
 `` i 'm out , you guys . 
 i know it 's shitty timing , but i also know don 's smart enough to have a backup plan . '' 
 when i look at him again , i get a nod . 
 `` i ca n't do it anymore . '' 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 chase , our guitarist , spits out . 
 `` when you checked into rehab and were n't getting out 'til after our first few shows , we pushed back the whole f ** king tour for you . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm sorry about that , but i do n't think it 's smart for me to go out there . 
 i do n't want to go out there ... it 's ... i ca n't do it anymore . '' 
 ever since i got out , i 've been all over the headlines . 
 exactly like don said , rehab is hard to keep quiet . 
 paparazzi follow me . 
 old pictures of me are splattered all over magazines . 
 `` the media will be a distraction for you guys , too . 
 it 's better for us all . '' 
 chase looks at me like he 's really confused . 
 `` do n't pretend you 're doing this for us . 
 we 've had your back this whole time for nothing . '' 
 regardless of what he says , i know this is the right choice . 
 blake stands up . 
 `` no matter what you want to do , i 'll support you , but you love to play , b.r. . 
 you 're the best i 've seen . 
 are you sure you want to throw that away ? '' 
 i think about the nights on the road . 
 the girls , the parties , the drugs . 
 the pressure , the fights . 
 and then i think how my heart feels alive when i 'm sitting behind my drums , keeping rhythm for the guys . 
 how it feels when we nail a new song . 
 `` i can still love to play . 
 i can still do it , but ... i do n't know . 
 it 's different now . 
 there are other ways to keep music in my life . '' 
 blake nods . 
 `` yeah ... i know . 
 you ever want to come back , we 're cool . 
 you got that ? '' 
 he gives me a hug , slapping me on the back . 
 the rest of the guys tell me good luck , shake my hand . 
 all surface stuff . 
 there are a lot of people like that in the world , and i 'm done surrounding myself with them . 
 when it 's only me and don in the office , he speaks for the first time . 
 `` you 're under contract . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he huffs . 
 `` we 'll get it worked out . 
 have to take care of yourself and all that shit . '' 
 he does n't look any more sincere than he sounds , but i know he is . 
 i nod and walk away . 
 almost to the door , i turn to him . 
 `` thanks , don . 
 for having the balls to send me away . 
 i never would have gone if you did n't make me . '' 
 for the first time ever , i get a smile out of him . 
 `` you have problems with your dad , still come to me , okay ? 
 i 'll help you work it out . '' 
 his words settle into me , build me up . 
 there are more people here for me than i used to think . 
 `` if i can do anything for you , too , you know i 'm here . '' 
 `` i know and ... you did good , kid . 
 you did good . '' 
 the kid does n't even bother me this time . 
 gary texts me as i 'm about to leave the building . 
 paps are outside . 
 fucking paparazzi . 
 they 're always sniffing around for something . 
 without much choice , i push through the door . 
 `` what are you doing here , bishop ? '' 
 `` the whole band was here ? '' 
 `` how do you think you 'll handle your addiction while on the road ? '' 
 `` are you still in burn ? '' 
 a few camera flashes go off . 
 doing my best to ignore them , i jog to gary 's suv and get in . 
 `` asshole . '' 
 he chuckles and pulls away from the curb . 
 `` hello to you , too . '' 
 `` you know i was n't talking to you . '' 
 i watch the paparazzi while we drive away . 
 `` thanks for the ride . 
 i ca n't believe you 're on time . 
 troy must not have been home . '' 
 `` do n't be a hater , ripe . 
 i 'm not always with him . '' 
 i 'm quiet because we both know he 's full of it . 
 `` okay , fine . 
 so i 'm always with him-when he 's not with you that is . 
 he 's going to be bummed to lose his workout buddy . '' 
 `` me too . 
 he 's cool . '' 
 we even know how to talk to each other now . 
 when i need to talk to someone who 's been where i am , troy is there . 
 `` he had to go out of town . 
 i wo n't have you to keep me busy , either . '' 
 i ca n't help it , i laugh . 
 i knew something had to be up . 
 but i also remember that as much as gary never wants to be away from troy , he left him for months for me . 
 would have stayed longer . 
 would probably go back if i asked him , too . 
 he 's probably the best friend i have . 
 i 'm okay with that . 
 `` bad timing , huh ? '' 
 gary shakes his head . 
 `` absolutely not . 
 this is your life , ripe , and i 'm stoked for you . '' 
 he pauses for a second . 
 `` have you talked to her ? '' 
 i know exactly who `` her '' is . 
 i also knew this was coming . 
 `` same as it has been . 
 we email back and forth a little . 
 it took her a while to answer my first one , but i did n't give up . '' 
 gary chuckles . 
 `` push your way back into her life ? 
 you 've always been such a cocky jerk . '' 
 there 's teasing in his voice . 
 `` i 'm cocky for good reason . 
 but no ... not pushing my way anywhere . 
 i like talking to her . 
 maybe one day , i can really apologize to her . '' 
 he tries to weave through traffic on the 405 freeway . 
 `` look at you . 
 you 're all sentimental now . '' 
 `` i can still kick your ass , though . 
 keep talking shit , and i will . '' 
 `` so violent . '' 
 he teases . 
 `` she still does n't know , though , right ? '' 
 traffic piles up around us . 
 `` nope . '' 
 let 's hope that does n't backfire . 
 `` you should n't have gone this way . 
 i hate this freeway . '' 
 not like all freeways around here are n't bad , though . 
 `` you wan na drive ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 `` shut up . '' 
 he gives the line of cars ahead of us the evil eye . 
 `` ugh ! 
 traffic sucks . '' 
 we 're at a dead stop . 
 it 's always like this . 
 and it 's hot , too . 
 i put my feet on the dashboard . 
 `` wake me up when we get there . '' 
 i f ** king hate los angeles . 
 chapter twenty-eight penny i 'm glad i decided not to tell mom i 'm home from college early . 
 halloween weekend and freaking chomps is getting married . 
 crazy . 
 it took them more than the two months i predicted , but it 's still weird . 
 becca gives me one last wave as i step out of her car , then peels out . 
 mitch just got home , and i know that 's her next stop . 
 a pang hits my chest when i step in as i see gramps 's trailer in the corner , and some random old rock music is playing instead of his country , but it 's better than it was . 
 i 'm okay . 
 or will be . 
 i hit the top of the stairs , and ben freezes over the stove . 
 `` penny ! '' 
 `` hey . '' 
 i glance around . 
 no mom . 
 weird . 
 oh , wait . 
 she said he moved in . 
 still weird , just not bad weird . 
 `` where 's mom ? '' 
 `` you 're a day early . '' 
 he keeps smiling . 
 i do n't think he 's faking . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i wanted home . '' 
 `` your mom went to get something from one of the cabins . 
 should be back any minute . 
 i was just finishing dinner . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` you 're more grown up all the time . '' 
 i glance down at my skirt , boots , and tight sweater . 
 `` becca . '' 
 i shrug . 
 he chuckles . 
 `` well . 
 i was going to set up a good time , but it looks like it 's just been given to me . '' 
 he leans back and glances out the window . 
 `` good time for what ? '' 
 i 'm a little on edge , because he 's rubbing his palms on his legs . 
 definitely suddenly nervous . 
 `` i know you were n't thrilled about your mom and i. . . '' 
 his smile is gone , and some bizarre expression has taken over . 
 he 's totally freaked out . 
 i laugh at how nervous he seems to be . 
 `` i was pissed that she did n't tell me what was going on . 
 i did n't object to you . '' 
 he pulls in a big breath . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm just going to ask . '' 
 but the pause is long enough for me wonder if he ever will ask . 
 `` i want to marry your mom . '' 
 a bubble of happiness for them swells in my chest , but i try not to show it . 
 he should sweat at least a little . 
 `` how does this involve me ? '' 
 `` you 're her family . 
 i thought you were the one i should ask . '' 
 he runs a hand through his hair . 
 `` i do n't even know if she 'll say yes - '' i ca n't hold in my smile any more . 
 `` she 'll say yes . '' 
 `` and you ? '' 
 `` scared ? '' 
 i smirk and narrow my eyes . 
 his shoulders relax a little as something like a smile starts to play on the edges of his mouth . 
 `` you 're a force , penny . '' 
 `` i learned from the best-you sure you want to tangle yourself with her ? '' 
 `` very sure . '' 
 there 's nothing but sincerity in his voice . 
 it 'll take me a while to get used to the idea , but it 's okay . 
 `` well , i 'm going to go check on my ` vette and maybe take bitty into town to catch up with friends . 
 tell mom i 'll be back later , and good luck . '' 
 i wink . 
 as i jog down the stairs , an engine in the garage roars to life , and my heart leaps into my throat . 
 who has their hands on my car ? 
 i sprint down the stairs and throw open the door . 
 bishop . 
 riley . 
 with his hands on my car . 
 well , not on her now because he 's grinning from ear to ear in the driver 's seat , and my mom is on the other side of the car , watching him and looking just as happy . 
 i 'm so stunned i 'm frozen in the doorway . 
 bishop smiles even wider as his hands run over the steering wheel . 
 i 'm choking on words , and my heart 's hammering because he 's here . 
 and mom has n't killed him . 
 i have no idea where we stand after three months of giving each other crap through email , and now ... he glances to the side and our eyes catch . 
 mom gives me a quick half squeeze before stepping around me and into the house . 
 i ca n't register any of it . 
 just bishop . 
 god , he 's the same . 
 but ... better . 
 there 's shock on his features that is also probably on mine . 
 and then it 's like he finally snaps into the present . 
 he reaches over slowly and turns the key , letting my corvette shudder 'til she stops . 
 i 've forgotten how to move or breathe or ... `` what are you - '' `` i can explain - '' we say at the same time as he steps out of the car with his hands up in surrender . 
 i want to throw my arms around him and bury my face in his smell . 
 feel his hands holding me . 
 glancing away , i see a box of pizza on the counter . 
 it 's easier to look there than at him right now . 
 `` so ... you got ditch to deliver and mom not to kill you ? '' 
 it 's a stupid distraction . 
 `` what can i say ? 
 i 'm good . '' 
 at that , i turn to him and shake my head . 
 `` i wanted to surprise you ... '' he looks back at the corvette and then toward me . 
 `` surprise . '' 
 he gives me his cocky half-smile that makes my insides melt . 
 and he looks good . 
 healthy in a way he did n't look before , only i had n't noticed then . 
 `` i 'm just ... '' and after only talking through email , i want to feel him again . 
 i ca n't handle weird or awkward with him . 
 `` i 've missed you so much . '' 
 `` you have no idea . '' 
 he gives me a real smile , and it 's like i 'm seeing all the best parts of him at once . 
 his eyes . 
 the way he really takes me in when he looks at me ... he glances lower and tenses up a little . 
 he gets this sort of faraway look . 
 i snap my fingers a few times as i let out a nervous little laugh . 
 `` are you seriously checking me out ? '' 
 `` you look ... there is no way you wore that thinking no one was going to check you out . '' 
 we take a few steps closer , and i really look at him again . 
 his hair is back to rocker band blond , and he 's in a snug grease-stained t-shirt with even a little more muscle under it than before . 
 and he still has his lip ring . 
 i love that lip ring . 
 he looks every inch of the rock star he is . 
 or was . 
 or ... `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` wanted to show mom alaska . 
 wanted to see you . 
 i 've been working on your car and helping pat at the music store . 
 i had to figure out who i am when i 'm not trying to be someone else . 
 just taking it a day at a time . 
 i have the time and money , you know , so ... '' uncertainty creeps in as him being here feels more real . 
 `` why did n't you come see me ? 
 tell me you were here ? 
 i 'm , like , four hours up the highway . '' 
 he fingers his lip ring and blinks a few times . 
 `` i did n't want to come too early . 
 did n't want you to turn me away . 
 the second i got your first email , i was itching to throw my arms around you , but i felt like ... i felt like i wanted to earn you-to make sure i was okay . 
 like i told you in the emails , i 'm doing my meetings , working on cars , working out , and it 's great , but i wanted to fix her for you , too . '' 
 he nods at the car . 
 then he smirks . 
 `` plus , if i waited long enough , i thought you might miss me enough to forgive me . '' 
 warmth spreads through my chest because he 's completely right . 
 he knows me well . 
 `` you look happy , '' i say as he reaches forward to slide his fingers through mine . 
 i stare at where they come together for a moment before daring to see what 's in his eyes . 
 `` i am happy . '' 
 his lips press together . 
 `` so ... it 's okay that i 'm here ? '' 
 i swallow hard as nerves settle in again . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and that i 've had my hands on your car ? '' 
 his voice is quiet . 
 more quiet than i 've ever heard him . 
 every breath from him , every word , every movement is something that i feel , something i want to be a part of . 
 how did i stay away from him for so long ? 
 `` yes . 
 all okay . '' 
 and feeling so much i step closer , like all this newness is something we can share . 
 he 's holding both my hands in his two , and i realize i might actually get him . 
 emotion pours through me as i stare at his rough hands holding mine . 
 this moment is more intense than anything we 've shared so far . 
 like everything we 've gone through together and apart is starting to lead to something really amazing . 
 something i 'm finally ready for . 
 maybe it 's good that we had so much time apart . 
 maybe i 'm ready to appreciate all the good things that come from his experiences . 
 gramps was right . 
 people who have been a lot of places make decisions about what they want , and those decisions really mean something . 
 bishop choosing to be here with me means something . 
 he lets go of my hands , and his thumbs wipe my tears away . 
 `` god , i wanted to be there , penny . 
 i did . 
 you have no idea how much . 
 it killed me that i left you ... still kills me . 
 but even when everything was good with us , perfect , i was still barely hanging on . 
 i had to get help ... had to get better so i would be what you deserve . 
 what both of us deserve . 
 i know how i did it sucks , but in the end , and for the long term , it was the right thing to do . '' 
 i step into his arms and let bishop hold me . 
 `` i do n't hate that i love you anymore . '' 
 he squeezes me tighter . 
 `` only you would admit to loving someone that way . '' 
 he 's quiet for a moment , and then i feel his hand slide through my hair . 
 `` i missed this ... your hair ... the way you smell ... the way you feel . 
 i 'm so f ** king in love with you , penny jones . '' 
 i ca n't lift my head from his shoulder , ca n't stand the idea of his arms not being around me . 
 i pull on him even tighter . 
 `` i 'm going to regret not having recorded this conversation , '' he says . 
 `` you totally said you loved me first . '' 
 `` guess that means i win . '' 
 i lean back to see him . 
 his eyes are full of love and friendship and everything . 
 he laughs . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure i 'm the winner . '' 
 whatever . 
 we can argue that one later . 
 i 'm determined to best him in some way . 
 `` so , ben 's going to propose to mom , i 'm guessing tonight . 
 i say that since my car 's running , we should test it out . 
 maybe go check out your place . '' 
 i 'm not scared . 
 i 'm not embarrassed . 
 it 's him . 
 us . 
 everything . 
 i 've never wanted something the way i want him . 
 ever . 
 it 's scary , but being next to him makes me feel like not even skating can , and i ca n't wait to see what happens when we 're even closer . 
 bishop grins . 
 `` i was fully prepared to get my ass kicked for fixing your car , and you 're asking me out ? '' 
 i lean in and whisper , `` i 'm here for a long weekend , and i really want some firsts with you . '' 
 i hold him tighter , afraid to see his face but afraid to look away , afraid for him to tell me no . 
 `` and i sort of need a date to chomps 's wedding . '' 
 he chuckles . 
 `` you know , i was going to try to be all nice and tell you i wanted to start over , and if all you could do was be friends that i 'd be okay with it . '' 
 `` i do n't work like that . '' 
 i shake my head and let my smile take over . 
 this is actually going to work . 
 i do n't doubt him . 
 it 's not just in his eyes , it 's in everything-the way he looks at me , the way he touches me , the way he can tell me he loves me one minute and tease me the next . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i blink , still amazed that he 's holding me , but it 's more easy and perfect than i thought possible . 
 `` i know what i want . '' 
 his nose touches my cheek , and he closes his eyes . 
 `` i think you always know what you want , penny jones . '' 
 `` and i want you . '' 
 i slide my lips against his , and his reaction is immediate . 
 i do n't melt into his kiss-i dissolve into it . 
 into him . 
 and as screwed up as everything got , it 's pretty perfect right now . 
 and there 's no way in hell i 'm going to let that change . 
