 agent cole fletcher lives for his job at the fbi , and he 's more than ready for his next assignment-raiding a cult compound and putting their leader behind bars . 
 but he is n't prepared for savannah and her knock you on your ass good looks . 
 at nineteen , she 's too old for foster care and too damaged to live on her own . 
 with nowhere else to go , and against his better judgment cole takes her in . 
 but helping her out wo n't be easy . 
 he comforts her through screaming nightmares and escaping the lingering fears of her past , but that 's the easy part . 
 her preference to sleep cuddled up next to his warm body , and her desire to please him in every way makes her harder and harder to resist . 
 prologue cole listened to the soft sounds of her breathing , wondering how he 'd allowed himself to get into this situation . 
 he was not a cuddler . 
 yet there he was , his arm numb and asleep where it rested under savannah 's cheek . 
 she had no problem staking her claim and getting comfortable in his bed , even if that meant using his various body parts as a pillow . 
 her favorites seemed to be his chest or shoulder . 
 though right now , his bicep was a close third . 
 he did n't want to move her , did n't want to rouse her from sleep . 
 he 'd promised her she 'd be okay and found himself unable to break that promise in any form . 
 if she needed to be close to another warm body while she slept , what hardship was it for him ? 
 other than the awkward erection and numb arm-he 'd live . 
 she sighed contentedly and rolled in closer , throwing one leg over his hip which did nothing to help the blood flow racing south . 
 he knew if he crossed that physical boundary with savannah he would n't be the gentle lover she deserved . 
 the overwhelming feeling of want she stirred within him would n't allow for that . 
 he 'd f ** k her hard and fast . 
 and since he was pretty sure she was still a virgin , she deserved someone who would be careful , soft , and take his time . 
 another reason why he was n't the man for the job . 
 cole shifted her knee to relieve the pressure of her warm thigh against his groin and tried to relax . 
 during times like this his mind often wandered and he could n't help but remember the first time he 'd laid eyes on her . 
 she 'd been a startled little thing , huddled in the corner , watching him with wide eyes . 
 even then she 'd roused in him all kinds of protective instincts , made the alpha male inside him come out in a big way . 
 and if his current cuddling status was any indication , she still did . 
 he tightened his grip around her unconsciously drawing her nearer . 
 even if he could n't act on the desire he felt for the woman in his bed , he sure as f ** k would n't let anyone hurt her . 
 savannah squirmed in her sleep , murmuring lightly . 
 he brought his free hand to her hair , sweeping the tousled strands from her forehead to quiet her . 
 she was too vulnerable , too damaged , which was exactly why he needed to stop thinking with his dick . 
 pronto . 
 chapter 1 what a cluster fuck . 
 cole had seen some messed up things in his day , but the scene before him took the cake . 
 a stream of people fled through the front doors and others jumped from the first floor windows of the large grey compound . 
 then again , what had he expected when his squad gassed the place ? 
 after waiting for the fumes to clear , and most of the bodies to filter out , he ran toward the building , rain pelting his jacket . 
 he ducked through the door and removed his gas mask taking a tentative breath to test the air around him . 
 there was only a slight tingle in his throat . 
 it would do . 
 he did n't plan on hanging out in the front area where the canister had crashed through the window anyway . 
 his goal was to seek out the back rooms and find anyone still lingering inside . 
 and bonus points if he found the cult 's leader , jacob , before his commander did . 
 if jacob was guilty of even half the crimes they had him on , cole would n't mind punching the guy square in the jaw . 
 jacob was a certified whackjob . 
 he claimed to be a spiritual healer , and had about forty people swallowing his bullshit . 
 when the fbi learned this morning of his plans to lead his followers in a suicide mission , they 'd moved fast , warrant be damned . 
 so far , it appeared they 'd made it in time . 
 cole adjusted the strap of his rifle and treaded along the hallway . 
 he turned the corner , the lighting dim from the lack of windows , and listened for any sounds . 
 dead silence . 
 hearing nothing to indicate a threat , he entered the room on his right . 
 a young woman was huddled in the corner of the bedroom . 
 she sat slumped against the wall , knees hugged to her chest . 
 her breath came in quick shallow gasps . 
 for a long second , cole could n't move , could n't think . 
 something about this woman captivated his attention . 
 eyes , the color of emeralds , stared up at him in fear and confusion . 
 trembling hands hugged her legs tight to her chest . 
 unshed tears burned in that brilliant green gaze . 
 snapping out of his daze , cole stepped closer . 
 the woman flinched and shrank back against the wall . 
 she was shaking uncontrollably but her eyes followed his movements . 
 he scanned the bedroom , checking for other victims or threats , but found only several bunk beds , clothes strewn across the floor , and a crib in the corner . 
 once the room was secure , cole lowered his gun . 
 procedure dictated he shout his command before taking action . 
 but his gut told him a different tactic might be required . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 he asked , gazing down at her petite form . 
 `` s-savannah , '' she stammered , her voice raspy . 
 he pulled in a deep lungful of air and crossed the room , his boots thudding against the tiled floor . 
 she pressed back hard against the wall , watching him approach . 
 he slung the rifle 's strap over his shoulder , letting the weapon hang free and lifted his hands-palms out , fingers splayed-facing her . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 'm here to help . '' 
 she watched him with wide eyes that held a flicker of curiosity . 
 though she remained hunkered down , she lifted her chin as he approached . 
 he considered helping her up , but he instinctively knew her hands would remain tightly locked in her lap . 
 he had two choices : pick her up and carry her out , or win over her trust . 
 trust took time . 
 making a split second decision , he crouched down and lifted her , securing one arm behind her knees , the other around her waist . 
 a startled gasp escaped her throat , but as soon as savannah was in his arms her body relaxed . 
 she rested her head against his shoulder and let out a deep sigh , as if she 'd been carrying around some great burden and was suddenly free now that she was in his arms . 
 she laced her fingers behind his neck and buried her face in his chest , like it was the most natural thing in the world . 
 momentarily stunned by her warm body wrapped around his , it took him a moment to get his feet moving . 
 he carried her through the building , catching surprised glances from the other agents as he held her tightly to his chest , crossing through the emptying rooms . 
 she sank into him , into his protection and that measure of complete trust and surrender twisted something inside cole , invoking a feeling he 'd never encountered until now . 
 `` found a girlfriend back there , fletcher ? '' 
 one of the guys said , followed by a wave of laughter . 
 normally , he 'd snap back a retort , but he could n't focus on much with her locked in his embrace . 
 the fragrant waves of dark hair spilling over her shoulders , the soft curves of her body molding to his hard chest was more than a little distracting . 
 when they entered the front room , savannah finally spoke . 
 `` you can set me down now . '' 
 her breath was warm against his neck and it sent a tingling rush down his spine . 
 he lowered her feet to the floor , suddenly finding himself reluctant to let her go . 
 she looked at him and blinked twice , her mouth opening to draw in a shuddering breath . 
 he felt just as speechless . 
 emotions he 'd thought long dead stirred within him . 
 she turned and strode toward the few people still left in the building-a small group of children lined up against the far wall , looking bewildered . 
 it was no big shocker that a group of male agents were clueless as to what to do with the littlest victims . 
 at least they had enough sense to bring them inside out of the rain while they waited for the vans to arrive . 
 savannah kneeled before the children and spoke to them in a hushed voice . 
 whatever she said had the power to calm them . 
 several of the older kids swiped at tears and fixed on brave faces . 
 the littlest one , a toddler with blonde , curls crawled onto her lap . 
 at first cole had been solely focused on the mission-to capture jacob-but now he wondered what would happen to the women and children . 
 well , mainly the young woman , savannah . 
 when the vans arrived , he watched her help the children fashion capes out of discarded blankets to shield them from the rain . 
 then she paraded them outside to the waiting vehicles . 
 the unfamiliar sting of worry pierced his chest . 
 this was the only home they knew , and it was now the center of an fbi investigation . 
 they 'd been literally cast out into the cold . 
 he shook the thought away . 
 damn . 
 he must be going soft . 
 this was the same kind of thing he 'd counseled junior agents on-never get emotionally involved in a case . 
 it was a mind f ** k waiting to happen . 
 but watching savannah walk away , her shapely backside and legs encased in a pair of jeans , damp hair hanging down her back , he knew better than to pretend he was n't affected . 
 damn it . 
 as cole stood in the doorway , the cold air snatched his breath away instantly , forcing him to pull the edges of his jacket tighter . 
 he could n't help thinking about her lush , soft curves and how she 'd felt in his arms . 
 wanting her was a powerful , primal need , an instinctive response , and one he had n't experienced in a long time . 
 the difference was he 'd never act on it . 
 hell , he was willing to bet he 'd never even see her again . 
 and that was for the best . 
 chapter 2 cole did n't count on the woman appearing in his dreams . 
 for the past several nights , she 'd played a starring role . 
 though each dream contained a different scenario , they were all a variation of the actual take-down . 
 only in his dreams he 'd spoken to her , made her laugh . 
 he 'd calmed her worries , and eased that little line that creased her forehead . 
 then he 'd leaned in close to inhale the scent of her hair , carried her to his suv , and tucked her safely inside . 
 he woke each morning cursing himself out . 
 he did n't get to keep her . 
 but damn if his subconscious knew it , uncooperative prick that it was . 
 now in the office , sitting at his desk with the sunlight streaming through the cheap blinds , dotting his computer screen with flecks of light , cole scrubbed a hand across his stubbly jaw . 
 the case that had consumed much of his time over the past month had come to an unsatisfying conclusion . 
 jacob had been found dead in an out-building adjacent to the compound , of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound . 
 from the bureau 's standpoint , the case was all but closed . 
 but cole had spent the last several days milling through the mountains of files they 'd accumulated on the group , making sure everything was done correctly he kept finding himself stuck on details that might somehow relate to savannah . 
 then he gave up trying to be sly , and read every single note they had on her . 
 she was nineteen and had joined the group with her mother when she was just seven years old . 
 her mother , believed to have been one of jacob 's lovers , passed away when savannah was fifteen . 
 savannah had been living with the group in the compound just outside of dallas ever since . 
 that god damn cult was all she 'd ever known . 
 cole knew that all of the children , fourteen of them under the age of eighteen , had been taken into child protective services . 
 he had no idea what would become of those of legal age . 
 he supposed once they were brought in for questioning and their statements taken , many of them would be free to go . 
 gulping weak coffee from a paper cup , it took him a moment to realize his boss was standing in front of his desk . 
 `` you look like shit , fletcher . '' 
 cole did n't bother explaining he had n't been sleeping well , preferring not to get in a conversation about exactly why that was the mysterious girl he 'd rescued from the compound still clouding his thoughts even in his sleep-knowing that excuse would n't go over well with norman . 
 cole rubbed a hand across the back of his neck . 
 `` thanks , '' he muttered . 
 `` you need a break , cole . 
 you 've been working eighty-hour weeks nonstop the past few months . 
 now that this case is over , i 'm not assigning you to another until you take some time off . '' 
 `` what are you talking about , a leave of absence ? '' 
 cole had heard of other guys messing up and getting forced into a leave , if only to make an example of them . 
 but as far as he knew , he had n't f ** ked anything up , at least not lately , and he was in line for a promotion at his next review cycle . 
 `` no , like a vacation . '' 
 norm 's stern gaze met cole 's confused one . 
 `` you 've heard of a vacation , right ? '' 
 cole almost laughed , and would have , had he not been pissed at where this conversation was headed . 
 it was the exact same conversation he 'd had with his meddling older sister , marissa , just a few days before . 
 when she 'd stopped by last weekend and seen the dark circles under his eyes , she 'd challenged him on when he 'd last taken time off . 
 the truth was he 'd never purposefully taken time off work . 
 he would n't know what to do with himself . 
 the one and only time he 'd taken some personal days was the standard bereavement leave when his parents were killed six years ago . 
 norm was still staring down at him expectantly . 
 `` i checked with hr , and they told me you 've never taken a single vacation day in six years with the bureau . '' 
 no shit . 
 and for good reason . 
 he 'd be bored as hell in two hours . 
 `` and what exactly do you expect me to do ? '' 
 `` how the hell should i know ? 
 do whatever it is people do when they have time off work . '' 
 `` thanks , but i 'm actually good . 
 just give me another case , norm . '' 
 `` this is non-negotiable . '' 
 he was n't averse to taking on norm , but he was n't stupid enough to argue with him when that vein in his forehead was throbbing . 
 cole stood , knowing it 'd be pointless to press the issue , and scooped up the files from his desk . 
 he 'd just work from home . 
 norm cracked a sideways grin and pulled the files from his hands . 
 `` no . 
 no bringing work home . 
 get a massage , go to the f ** king bahamas ; i do n't care what you do , as long as you take a break . 
 do n't come back until monday . 
 next monday , '' he clarified . 
 fuck . 
 a week off of work with nothing to do ? 
 he 'd go insane . 
 unless ... no , he knew he should n't check up on savannah , but once the idea had planted itself firmly in his mind , he knew it 'd be damn near impossible to shake . 
 cole spent the first two days of his vacation much like he spent every other weekend : catching up on sleep , hitting the gym , grabbing some takeout and parking it on the couch with a beer and flipping aimlessly through the tv channels . 
 but by the time monday morning rolled around , he knew he was in over his head . 
 there was no way he 'd survive another week of this shit . 
 he was already bored out of his mind , and it was day one of his bureau-enforced vacation . 
 damn norm . 
 thoughts of savannah continued to occupy his mind , and he found himself wondering where she was and if she was doing okay . 
 after his third cup of coffee , he was jittery and pacing . 
 damn , he 'd be crawling the walls of his condo by noon if he did n't get out and do something . 
 cole made a snap decision , knowing he would n't be able to let the thoughts of savannah go . 
 not until he knew she was okay . 
 it was simple curiosity , nothing more . 
 plus , it 'd give him something to do to occupy his time . 
 a win all round . 
 he 'd do a simple stakeout , no big deal . 
 after a quick phone call to another agent that morning , he had a good idea where they 'd taken her . 
 the safe house . 
 she was taken to the only nearby facility with an opening-a transitional housing development on the shady side of town . 
 something about it did n't sit right with him . 
 she was too innocent and good-looking to be somewhere like that . 
 he would stakeout the house , assuming she was still there . 
 since the file had n't mentioned any other family , he was betting she was . 
 once he saw her with his own eyes , and confirmed she was safe and doing well , he would let it go . 
 chapter 3 fall was savannah 's favorite time of year . 
 the brutal heat of the texas summer had dissipated and left the air around her pleasantly warm , and more comfortable than stifling . 
 she was taking her third walk of the day . 
 with nothing to do other than sit and worry over the kids , she preferred to be outside , moving , rather than sitting in the grungy halfway house . 
 she rounded the corner of the block she 'd grown familiar with over the past several days , surprised she had n't worn a path into the sidewalk by now . 
 there was a small park across the street . 
 she considered stopping to watch the children playing , but kept going , knowing it would only dredge up memories that would make her cry . 
 she could n't quite believe things had ended the way they did . 
 she felt conflicted being away from the compound , empty in a weird way . 
 it was all she knew , but she 'd dreamed of leaving the overly strict compound for the last few years . 
 she 'd become disillusioned with their whole way of life after her mother passed away four years ago . 
 but there were certain things , and people , she 'd miss . 
 she already missed the bustle of activity , always having someone to talk to . 
 she thought of dillon , the only other person her age , and wondered where he was . 
 when the sun began to sink lower in the sky , she resigned herself to spending another night at the house . 
 she 'd come to despise it for no other reason than how alone she felt there . 
 she turned right at the corner , surprised that she did n't recognize her surroundings . 
 she 'd been so lost in thought , and over-confident in her ability to navigate , that she had n't paid attention to where she 'd wandered . 
 she turned in a circle , searching out a landmark , or street sign she 'd recognize ; but unfortunately it did little good . 
 she was lost . 
 she took a deep breath and willed herself to stay calm . 
 but the fa?ade lasted about two seconds . 
 she had no one to call and did n't even know the address of the house . 
 she was completely and utterly alone . 
 after growing up in a household with a dozen different women mothering her , the realization was a stark one . 
 she 'd never been on her own . 
 and she was already failing at it . 
 savannah wiped away the tears that had begun to escape her eyes . 
 what would she do if could n't find the house again ? 
 the street had started with an l , had n't it ? 
 she supposed she could go into a nearby shop and ask if they knew of a halfway house close by . 
 she 'd probably sound like a crazy person , but what other options did she have ? 
 she pulled in a deep breath , regaining some composure , and looked through the window of a convenience store . 
 the guy at the counter met her eyes , then stared straight at her boobs . 
 nope . 
 not going in there . 
 gaze cast down , she kept walking . 
 with the thud of her shoes against the sidewalk and the pounding rhythm of her heart guiding her , savannah continued on . 
 the purr of a car engine lingered behind her . 
 not passing . 
 shoot . 
 this was n't a great part of town to be alone in . 
 what had she been thinking ? 
 so she quickened her stride , but the car kept pace . 
 a large black suv stopped alongside her . 
 the dark tinted window lowered . 
 a rush of panic washed over her , and tears sprang to her eyes . 
 `` savannah ? '' 
 the rough male voice knew her name . 
 she stumbled to a halt and dared a glance in his direction . 
 she was met with the concerned gaze of the fbi agent who had rescued her after the compound was raided . 
 he was tall , and broad shouldered with dark hair , stubble dusting his jaw and his dark eyes were locked on hers . 
 she ventured a step closer to his suv . 
 she did n't know his name , or what he intended , but something in his dark gaze gripped the very depths of her , and she knew instinctively that she could trust him . 
 at least she hoped she could . 
 he had n't hurt her that night . 
 his touch had been strong , but gentle . 
 summoning , her courage , she turned to face him . 
 *** cole could n't believe his luck , that he had quite literally spotted savannah on the way to the safe house . 
 her face was streaked with tears and her eyes wild . 
 shit , she looked scared . 
 had someone done something to her ? 
 the thought drove him nuts . 
 `` savannah ? '' 
 he repeated . 
 without waiting for her to respond , cole slammed his gearshift into park and hopped out , crossing the front of the suv to stand before her . 
 he lifted her chin , inspecting her face and neck for marks , and gripped her upper arms to turn her in a circle , looking her over completely . 
 she appeared unharmed , so he did n't understand why she was crying . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she swallowed and looked down at the sidewalk between their feet . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he brushed her hand with his . 
 `` you remember me , right ? '' 
 she met his eyes and gave him a hesitant nod . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 she asked , a nervous hitch in her voice . 
 `` colby fletcher . '' 
 he offered her his hand , and she slipped her delicate fingers into his palm . 
 `` colby , '' she repeated in barely a whisper . 
 `` you can call me cole . 
 everyone else does . 
 or fletcher , or fletch . 
 you know , whatever ... '' she grinned , more with her eyes than her mouth . 
 his babbling had apparently scored some points . 
 `` now tell me what 's wrong , '' he pushed . 
 he did n't mean for it to come out as a command , but he needed to know what had happened to her , manners aside . 
 `` i went for a walk and got lost , '' she said simply . 
 cole nearly sagged in relief . 
 thank fuck . 
 that , he could fix . 
 god , if something had happened to her , he did n't think he could 've handled it . 
 not with the worry that 'd been churning in his gut the last several days . 
 `` come on , i can drive you back . '' 
 he turned for the driver 's side again , but savannah remained rooted to the sidewalk . 
 he returned to the spot where she stood and spoke to her in hushed tones . 
 `` you can trust me , okay ? '' 
 her eyes flashed to his . 
 he 'd forgotten how green they were . 
 she squinted and blinked several times , as if she was deciding . 
 it was cute . 
 without another word , savannah opened the passenger door and climbed inside . 
 cole 's skin tingled , hyper-aware of just how close she was . 
 she wore a pair of baggy jeans , torn at one knee and a long sleeved thermal tee , but the ill-fitting attire did nothing to temper the desire he felt . 
 he gripped the steering wheel tighter , his hands itching to fold her body against his own . 
 shit , his libido was out of control when it came to this girl . 
 maybe he really did need a vacation . 
 somewhere with sand and lots of women in bikinis . 
 somewhere the hell away from savannah . 
 neither spoke during the short ride back to the halfway house . 
 cole stopped in front of the two-story , pale gray house flaking in paint . 
 both his and savannah 's attention was captured by a group of guys sitting on the wide front porch , arguing loudly . 
 savannah fiddled nervously with the door handle , but made no move to exit the car . 
 `` listen , i do n't have to take you back right away ... we could grab a cup of coffee . '' 
 relief washed over her face . 
 `` yes . '' 
 there was no way he was sending her back inside that house just yet . 
 over steaming mugs of coffee at a nearby cafe , cole attempted small talk , but mostly they sat in comfortable silence . 
 savannah seemed distracted and somber . 
 he wondered if she was counting down the minutes until she had to go back to that house , and dreading it just as much as he was . 
 `` do you have any family you can stay with ? '' 
 he asked finally . 
 a deep searing gaze communicated her need . 
 cole 's worst assumptions were proven correct - she was all alone . 
 she swallowed and shook her head . 
 `` my mom passed away when i was fifteen , and i never met my father . 
 i suppose i could find one of the women from jacob 's group , but i do n't know ... '' `` are you hungry ? 
 have you eaten ? 
 we could get you something . '' 
 cole could n't stop himself from peppering her with questions . 
 she kept her gaze cast down and shook her head . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 savannah sat quietly in her seat , her thin fingers wound tightly around the coffee mug . 
 cole wished there was something more he could do for her . 
 he was n't sure what to say , how to help , so he sat silently across from her sipping his coffee . 
 by the time they reached the house again , darkness had blanketed the sky . 
 cole shifted into park , turning off the engine . 
 `` i 'll walk you inside . '' 
 the house itself was large , but poorly maintained . 
 the furniture was old and unmatched , the beige carpet stained and threadbare . 
 cole did n't see much of the first floor , beyond a dingy living room , before she led him upstairs . 
 there were several closed doors along the long hallway . 
 savannah stopped at the second door on the right . 
 the key fumbled between her fingers , clanking against the wooden door . 
 after three failed attempts to unlock it , cole removed it from her trembling hand , and deftly opened the door . 
 the first thing he noticed was the odor-the room smelled like wet gym socks . 
 savannah flipped on the light and took several steps into the room . 
 a single narrow cot on the floor and a chair in the corner containing stray articles of clothing were the only furnishings . 
 fuck . 
 he could n't just leave her here , could he ? 
 savannah stepped in closer , wrapping her arms around his waist and tucking her head under his chin . 
 `` thank you , '' she whispered . 
 her eagerness at physical contact surprised him , but he only hesitated a moment before wrapping his arms around her . 
 cole patted her back , hating that his attempts at soothing her were clumsy and awkward . 
 he 'd never been good at this kind of thing : emotions , touchy-feely crap . 
 maybe his presence would be enough to calm her . 
 and although he did n't know how to show it , he felt protective . 
 he would n't let anyone hurt her . 
 if anyone so much as looked at her the wrong way , cole would knock them on their ass . 
 he held her for several long minutes until the beating of her heart slowed to normal , and she backed out of his arms . 
 their eyes flashed to one another 's at the sounds of an argument going on in the next room . 
 angry voices carried through the thin walls . 
 another argument . 
 cole and savannah exchanged glances . 
 `` are you sure you 'll be okay ? '' 
 she nodded , looking solemn . 
 `` here 's my card . '' 
 he fished the card from his wallet and placed it in her trembling hand . 
 `` call me if you need anything . '' 
 savannah remained silent , glancing at the card , running her thumb along the raised lettering . 
 `` lock your door when i leave , okay ? '' 
 she nodded tightly , sucking her bottom lip into her mouth , as if there was something more she wanted to say , but stopped herself . 
 cole left reluctantly he knew it was getting late , and as much as it pained him to leave her , he could n't put it off any longer . 
 he was sure he was crossing some sort of professional line even being here . 
 he waited outside the door until he heard the lock slide into place , the sound not nearly as reassuring as he would have hoped . 
 once he was outside , cole took a deep breath and scrubbed his hands across his face . 
 the cooling blast of autumn air filled his lungs , but did nothing to return him to his senses . 
 he climbed inside his truck and gripped the steering wheel until his knuckles were white , trying to will himself to start the engine and drive away from her . 
 *** the lock on her door did little to calm her nerves . 
 the deep , raspy voices of her male neighbors sent shivers down her spine . 
 she huddled in closer to the thin , scratchy blanket . 
 the unfamiliar sounds and smells of the house left her on edge and shaking . 
 the brief interlude with cole had helped , but now that she was back in the bleak reality of the tiny room again , an impending panic attack throbbed in her chest . 
 growing up the way she had , listening to jacob 's crazy rants about sex being dirty and diseased , and men of the world being fueled by only their lust , made her hyper-aware of the sounds in the rooms next to her . 
 their loud voices , crude glances , and grubby hands . 
 jacob constantly drilled into her that men would only want her for one thing . 
 realization struck . 
 she was alone . 
 totally and completely alone . 
 panic crept in to the edges of her brain , but she fought it , holding the darkness at bay . 
 just barely . 
 think savannah . 
 if she could go on after losing her mom , she could survive this , too . 
 did n't have much choice . 
 her muscles trembled with the effort of lying still against the hard cot . 
 she curled into a ball , hugging her knees to her chest , hoping it would sooth her . 
 a loud whack against the wall made her jump . 
 savannah sat up in bed as the pain in her chest built . 
 she drew a slow shaky breath and said a silent prayer . 
 she tried not to break down again , but before she knew it , hot tears were freely streaming down her cheeks and she was wishing that cole had n't left . 
 the only times she 'd felt safe during the past week of this ordeal was when he was near . 
 she grabbed his card from the window sill and clutched it , crushing it to her heart . 
 she wished she was stronger , that she did n't break down so easily . 
 but after another loud thump against the wall , she let out a whimper and clamored under the blankets . 
 she glanced at the door knob , the deadbolt still vertical , needing reassurance that the door was still locked . 
 she did n't want to leave the safety of her bedroom-and would n't have-had it not been for her insistent bladder urging her on . 
 there were two bathrooms on the second floor , one was for women , the other for men . 
 she 'd come to learn over the past few days , tenants used whichever was closest , and since she had the bad fortune of being surrounded on both sides by male tenants , she knew the so-called ladies room was filthy and reeked of urine . 
 the other bathroom was probably no better . 
 still clutching cole 's card , savannah cracked open the door and peeked both ways before tiptoeing towards the bathroom . 
 she made sure the toilet seat was clean before she relieved herself . 
 as she stood washing her hands in the sink , she startled at the pale haunted-looking girl watching her from the mirror before realizing it was her own reflection . 
 the bulb above her flickered then died . 
 darkness made her head swim . 
 she sucked in a deep breath and held it as her hands fumbled blindly in front of her , searching out the door . 
 she 'd hated the dark . 
 always had . 
 her hands still flailing in front of her , she begged herself not to panic . 
 savannah swayed on her feet , blinking wildly against the darkness . 
 before she knew what was happening , she crashed against the wall , and felt a sharp blow ache through the back of her skull as she collapsed to the ground . 
 chapter 4 cole pulled into his underground parking garage just as the storm lit up the sky . 
 an angry crack of lightning pierced the night , followed by a low rumble of thunder . 
 it had been steadily raining his entire drive home , but the storm seemed to double its force within a matter of seconds , sheets of water pouring from the sky . 
 he was maneuvering into his assigned parking space when the call came in . 
 his phone had been eerily silent all weekend , not even marissa had been in touch . 
 and at this late hour on sunday , he did n't know who it could be . 
 fishing the phone from his center console , he noted the dallas area code , but did n't recognize the number . 
 he could n't understand her at first , her voice was high with tension , and barely above a whisper , but he soon realized it was savannah . 
 and she was asking him to come back . 
 he pulled a u-turn and gunned the engine before her words even registered . 
 keeping her on the line as he drove , he wanted to bombard her with questions , to find out if something had happened , but he resisted . 
 even as all that flashed through his mind , he 'd found himself calming her , saying he would be right there , and flooring the gas pedal to get back to her . 
 after ending the call , he slammed a fist against the dash . 
 damn , he should n't have left her at that place . 
 but what choice did he have ? 
 he thumbed the steering wheel , waiting for the light to change . 
 he had to get her out of that house ; probably check her into a hotel for the night . 
 that would be the right thing to do , yet he knew with absolute certainty what he really wanted to do . 
 he wanted to bring her home with him , where he could have her under the same roof and ensure she was safe . 
 when cole arrived , he pressed the buzzer at the front door for the after-hours entrance . 
 he was greeted by an older man , the night guard , he presumed . 
 `` where 's savannah ? '' 
 he stormed past the man , following the sounds of soft sobs toward the back of the house . 
 entering an office , he found an older woman seated behind a desk , and savannah crumpled in a ball on the chair across from her . 
 `` savannah , '' his voice rasped . 
 she looked up and cole nearly staggered a step back . 
 christ . 
 it looked like someone had used her face as a punching bag . 
 her swollen and busted lip was encrusted with blood and her left eye was already darkening with a bruise . 
 when she met his eyes she let out a soft sigh , seemingly comforted by his presence . 
 `` shh . 
 i 'm here . '' 
 he weaved his fingers under her hair to cradle the back of her neck . 
 then he turned his attention to the woman behind the desk . 
 `` what the hell happened here ? '' 
 `` have a seat , mr. ... ? '' 
 `` cole fletcher . '' 
 he took the chair next to savannah . 
 she crawled into his lap , burying her face in his neck as little sobs racked her chest . 
 his arms , working of their own accord , wound themselves around savannah and shifted her to a more comfortable position on his lap . 
 once savannah was settled , his training kicked in and he began firing questions at the facility coordinator . 
 she explained they 'd briefly lost power in the storm , and when they went upstairs to check and make sure everyone was secure , they found savannah unconscious on the bathroom floor , where she 'd apparently fainted and smacked her head on the porcelain sink on her way down . 
 his fingers automatically threaded into her hair , smoothing the bump he found on the back of her head . 
 the coordinator seemed unconcerned , like she 'd dealt with these situations too many times . 
 but he had n't , and neither had savannah . 
 vacant eyes stared at the wall across from him . 
 he was worried that shock was beginning to set in . 
 he soothed a hand up and down her back , not quite sure what to do to comfort her . 
 the woman behind the desk looked over the top of her glasses , mouth twisted into a disapproving frown . 
 cole could tell the woman was wondering exactly what kind of relationship he shared with savannah . 
 his tone and questions were professional , yet savannah 's body currently wrapped around his said it was something else entirely . 
 he chose not to identify himself as an agent , and let the woman think what she wanted . 
 once in situated in his lap , savannah 's breathing returned to normal , and the steady thump of her heartbeat against his chest told him she was recovering . 
 she was alright . 
 thank f ** king god . 
 he did n't understand why his presence calmed her - not like he had a lot to offer - but he was n't about to question it . 
 not when she was so fragile . 
 the woman held up a hand . 
 `` listen , i know this is n't the ritz , but if she wants to stay here , she can . 
 if she wants to leave , fine . 
 it 's up to her . '' 
 savannah lifted her head from his chest and met cole 's eyes . 
 `` can you take me away from here ? '' 
 she could n't understand what she was asking for . 
 of course cole wanted to take her far away from this place , from the first time he 'd laid eyes on the rundown house . 
 but protocol and not crossing professional boundaries stirred in the back of his head . 
 he resisted the urge to smooth the tangled strands of hair from her face , but kept his arms locked around her middle . 
 savannah 's bloodied lip , swollen face , and the exhaustion he could read on her features told him now might not be the time to argue . 
 `` okay . 
 we can go . '' 
 tomorrow they 'd figure everything out . 
 he lifted savannah from the chair and held her like he had at the compound . 
 and just as strong as before , the need to protect her flared up inside of him . 
 carrying her out into the night , cole opened the passenger door and helped her inside . 
 he reached across her to buckle her seat belt . 
 when his hands brushed her ribs , she startled , sucking in a shaky breath . 
 he should probably check her over for injuries , assuming that she 'd likely sustained some bumps and bruises , but his first priority was getting her out of here . 
 she was silent on the drive to his condo , not even asking where they were going . 
 she implicitly trusted him . 
 the feeling was heady . 
 he kept the radio low , he left savannah to her thoughts , looking out the window as he drove . 
 he snuck glances her way , wondering what she could possibly be thinking about . 
 the awkward silence dug into his brain like a dripping faucet . 
 `` this your first time in the city ? '' 
 he asked . 
 savannah kept her eyes on the passing buildings . 
 `` we did n't leave the compound much . '' 
 of course . 
 stupid question . 
 he tried again . 
 `` does your head hurt ? 
 how about your ribs ? '' 
 she ran her fingers through her matted hair , checking the bump . 
 `` i think it 's okay now . '' 
 at least she 'd stopped crying . 
 nothing made him panic more than a woman crying . 
 when he parked in his assigned parking space and turned off the engine , a hushed silence fell over them in the confined space . 
 his heart rate ramped up in sudden awareness of her . 
 the light , feminine scent that clung to her skin , her petite frame , and the overwhelming desire to protect her - he could n't deny the possessive ache that raced through his system . 
 `` why did you pass out , savannah ? '' 
 she swallowed heavily . 
 `` that place scared me . 
 there were too many people ... too many strange men ... '' he nodded . 
 it was n't lost on him that he was a strange man to her , yet here she was alone with him too . 
 `` this is where i live , '' he said finally . 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` you brought me home with you ? '' 
 `` is that okay ? '' 
 she studied him , her expression weary and unsure and squirmed in her seat . 
 `` i 'm sorry ; i did n't know where else to take you . 
 come inside , and if you decide not to stay , i 'll take you anywhere you want to go . '' 
 seemingly satisfied , she climbed from the car . 
 chapter 5 savannah insisted she could walk , but cole secured an arm around her waist and helped her inside . 
 he tossed his keys onto the breakfast bar , retaining his hold on her . 
 he knew he should n't keep her here . 
 god , norm and the guys would have a f ** king field day with this one . 
 sure , he brought his work home most nights , but this was a hell of a lot different . 
 she could sleep in his guest room tonight , and then he 'd have to take her to another safe house in the morning . 
 for now , he just wanted her to feel safe . 
 if he needed to install a bigger lock on her bedroom door to help her feel safe , so be it . 
 they could pick up some pepper spray too . 
 cole took a deep breath , trying to calm his nerves . 
 the panic in her voice when she called had him wondering what exactly had happened once he left , but he did n't want to push her . 
 he had a good enough idea from the facility coordinator . 
 she 'd likely panicked at the thought of being alone . 
 if the living conditions of the compound were any indication , she 'd grown up surrounded by people at all times . 
 he had half a mind to tuck savannah safely into his bed and forget protocol . 
 her eyes darted around his condo , seeming to take in her surroundings . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he guided her down the hall . 
 `` let 's get you cleaned up . '' 
 he passed by the guest bath , knowing it was n't stocked with what he needed . 
 at his bedroom door , she paused briefly , her feet stopping at the threshold , her eyes trained on the massive bed . 
 `` it 's okay , '' he urged . 
 `` we 're just going into the master bath . '' 
 her eyes drifted to the open door across the room , and she gave a nod , allowing him to urge her forward . 
 the muscles in her face tensed , but her feet started moving again . 
 he flipped on the light , and cursed his lack of cleanliness . 
 various bottles and jars littered the counter - shaving cream , aftershave , deodorant , toothpaste - everything within his grasp since he got ready for work on autopilot . 
 he cleared a spot on the counter by sweeping everything into a drawer and then lifted savannah onto the counter in front of him . 
 he wet a washcloth and carefully washed her face , wiping away the traces of dried blood . 
 her br ** sts rose and fell with each shallow breath , and her wide green eyes watched his every move . 
 they were inquisitive and bright with determination . 
 he found himself drawn to her , wanting to discover all he could about the mysterious , beautiful girl who had grown up in a cult . 
 she rubbed her hands up and down her arms in an effort to calm herself and regain some control over the situation . 
 he could sense the desperation she felt , her outlook suddenly seeming quite bleak . 
 he struggled to find words to soothe her , to reassure her , but came up short and instead just silently treated her injuries as best he could . 
 once she was clean , he dabbed the cut above her eye with a cotton swab covered in ointment . 
 `` how do you know how to do this ? '' 
 she asked . 
 his eyes flicked to hers . 
 they were so close that he could lean in and kiss her . 
 `` hmm ? 
 oh , i 've certainly been knocked around before . 
 it 's no big deal . 
 you 'll be good as new in a few days . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` knocked around ? 
 because your job is dangerous ? '' 
 he recapped the ointment and considered her question . 
 `` yes , sometimes . 
 other times not . 
 but actually i was thinking about my teen years . 
 i was a bit of a trouble maker . 
 my parents sent me to military school my last two years of high school . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 her eyes were big and inquisitive , as if she wanted to ask more , but instead she looked down at her hands . 
 `` how old are you now ? '' 
 `` twenty-seven , '' he answered . 
 too old for you . 
 his eyes caught their reflection in the mirror and the serious expression in his features distracted him . 
 his brow was knotted in concentration , and his mouth a tight line . 
 he did his best to relax the tense set of his shoulders , knowing he needed to be calm if he wanted savannah to relax too . 
 a few heartbeats later she visibly relaxed , her breathing smoothing out , and her hands uncurling in her lap . 
 her features were entirely feminine , from her long dark hair that curled at the ends , to her almond-shaped eyes fringed in dark lashes , to her smooth , soft skin . 
 savannah was a natural beauty . 
 catching his own reflection in the mirror , cole , in contrast , was all male . 
 his jaw was shadowed in dark stubble and his body lean and sculpted with muscle , which he worked hard to maintain . 
 compared to savannah , he was hard plains and jagged edges , all except for his full sensuous mouth . 
 more than one ex-girlfriend had complimented his lips , and what he could do with his mouth . 
 when he was with a woman , he used every weapon in his seduction arsenal - his mouth , tongue , hands , even his strength-often liking the feel of power , the crude masculinity of picking up a woman and holding her weight as he f ** ked her . 
 it had been several months though since he 'd taken a lover , and his body was growing restless with pent-up desire . 
 once savannah was cleaned up , cole stepped back and met her eyes . 
 they were still swimming with tears and her breathing was little more than shallow gasps for air . 
 he could tell that the slightest thing would set her off again . 
 shit . 
 so much for relaxing . 
 savannah was an absolute mess . 
 to be expected . 
 she 'd probably been through hell and back these past several days , and getting bruised up earlier had sent her over the edge . 
 a girl like savannah , who 'd grown up so sheltered with such a strange upbringing , had no defenses to protect herself from the pure chaos this world dished up . 
 he knew from the fbi files that the women and children were rarely seen outside the compound . 
 cole , on the other hand , was hardened , bitter , and certainly not delusional enough to believe in happily-ever-after . 
 he 'd seen too much working for the bureau the past six years , and experienced pain firsthand when his parents were hit and killed by a meth addict who was drunk and high at the time of the accident . 
 still , he felt for savannah , felt sorry for her in a way . 
 she was n't the type to fare well on her own , that was obvious . 
 he lifted her chin and rubbed a slow circle against her jaw . 
 `` i 've got you . 
 it 's going to okay . '' 
 she gave a heavy nod and somber eyes met his . 
 `` so what happens now ? '' 
 cole could read the apprehension on her face . 
 the honest truth was , he did n't know what happened next , but he knew one thing was certain ; he was n't taking her back to that house . 
 they both needed some sleep , and they would figure the rest out later . 
 `` now we sleep . 
 come on , i 'll show you around . '' 
 he helped her from the counter , and led her through the condo , giving her a brief tour . 
 he guided savannah to the living room and encouraged her to sit on the sofa . 
 he was about to turn and head for the kitchen to get her some water and pain reliever , but she silently took his hand and held it in her own , her eyes pleading with him to stay . 
 he sat down beside her and she wordlessly lowered her head to rest against his thigh , nestling herself into him . 
 cole could n't breathe , could n't think . 
 he dared not move with her head resting on his denim clad thigh . 
 she bent her legs up onto the couch beside her , curling into the fetal position , and closed her eyes . 
 he did n't know what to do with his hands and settled for fisting one beside him , and placed the other carefully on savannah 's shoulder . 
 he let her sleep , unwilling to rustle her from the spot she 'd claimed . 
 when he woke a short time later , it took him a moment to realize who the warm body pressed against him belonged to . 
 savannah . 
 he lifted his head and surveyed his body , and in turn hers . 
 they had shifted in sleep so that he was stretched out on his back , and she was lying half on him , and half on the couch . 
 savannah woke when he moved and their eyes flicked to each other 's . 
 he mumbled an apology and disentangled himself from her grip . 
 he scrubbed a hand across his jaw . 
 he 'd never felt so out of place in his own house . 
 the rumble of savannah 's stomach made him smile and broke some of the tension . 
 she clapped a hand over her belly . 
 `` are you hungry ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's see what we can rustle up in the kitchen . '' 
 he led her into the large kitchen at the front of his condo . 
 `` i have to warn you though , i do n't cook . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 her hand on his forearm stopped him , and she motioned for him to take a seat at a stool tucked under the kitchen island . 
 `` let me . '' 
 `` are you sure you 're up for that ? '' 
 cole questioned . 
 `` it 'll help me feel better , more normal . 
 i used to cook all the time at the compound . '' 
 cole relented , sinking onto the seat . 
 the time blinked at him from the clock on the microwave . 
 it was three in the morning . 
 he suddenly found himself thankful that he did n't have to go to work in a few hours , though given the hour , he was n't as tired as he expected . 
 he watched savannah move about his kitchen , surveying the sad contents of his fridge , removing items from the pantry and cabinets as she went . 
 `` sorry i do n't have much . '' 
 `` you have eggs , '' she said , placing the carton on the counter . 
 he frowned , not able to recall the last time he went grocery shopping . 
 `` you might want to check the expiration date on those . '' 
 she lifted the carton to read the date printed on the bottom . 
 `` hmm . 
 we do n't have eggs . '' 
 she pulled a box from the pantry . 
 `` pasta then . '' 
 it did n't escape his notice that she 'd said we , implying it was the two of them together against all the bullshit they 'd suffered so far . 
 he did n't know what to make of that , but nodded . 
 `` fine . '' 
 she was holding up surprisingly well , given the craziness of the situation . 
 she dumped an entire package of penne pasta into a pot of boiling , salted water . 
 cole watched her movements , and decided he liked having her in his kitchen . 
 a satisfied little smile tugged at her lips , and she moved about effortlessly . 
 only once they were seated in the small breakfast nook , nibbling on pasta with a rich sauce she made from milk , butter and parmesan cheese , did he venture to ask about her past . 
 `` can i ask you a few questions about the compound ... and how you grew up ? '' 
 he knew some of the details from reading the files on the case , but he wanted to hear the story in savannah 's own words . 
 she nodded reluctantly . 
 her eyes were skittish-looking anywhere but at him . 
 `` you just let me know if there 's anything you 're not comfortable answering . 
 and we wo n't talk about it . '' 
 he did n't intend to push her too far tonight . 
 she 'd been through enough , but he figured if she was going to be staying in his home , there was some basic information he 'd need to know , if only to make sure she felt as comfortable as possible . 
 `` what was it like growing up there ? '' 
 she took a deep breath and began reiterating some of what he 'd read in the case files . 
 jacob wanted to create a perfect community : they grew their own food , sold goods at farmer 's markets , and were entirely self-contained . 
 he taught them that the outside world was a dangerous place , and that people were dirty and could n't be trusted . 
 he taught them that germs and diseases spread from sexual contact would eventually kill off most of the population and they would n't be able to procreate , so jacob 's followers needed to separate themselves to live cleanly . 
 `` how did your mother get involved ? '' 
 cole asked . 
 savannah folded her hands in her lap . 
 `` she fell for him . 
 he was a charmer , a smoother talker , confident . 
 easily able to convince people to follow him . '' 
 cole knew that much from the information the bureau had collected in the file . 
 `` he could be very persuasive . 
 when he spoke , people listened , '' savannah explained . 
 `` what about you ; did you believe his teachings ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` at first . 
 i did n't know any different . 
 but as i got older , i began to wonder . 
 i had this urge to see for myself ; it nagged at me sometimes . '' 
 finding her plate empty , cole served up another helping of pasta for savannah before urging her to continue . 
 she stabbed a forkful of noodles , looking lost in thought . 
 `` most of all , i just wanted to go to school . 
 jacob could n't understand it . 
 he tried to convince me it was n't safe . 
 boys out there ... '' she stopped suddenly , her eyes dropping to her plate . 
 `` what ? 
 you can tell me . '' 
 `` he said the boys would only want one thing from me - to get in my panties . '' 
 had anyone been in her panties ? 
 and why did that thought make him want to punch someone ? 
 he had no right - no claim to her - yet he could n't help the possessive streak that surged inside him . 
 `` okay . 
 so i take it you did n't go to school ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but i refused to relent and finally convinced jacob to hire a tutor for me , so i could get my high school diploma . 
 we met at the local library twice a week for the last year . 
 i was one of the few given permission to leave the compound . '' 
 wow . 
 he 'd been right about her determination . 
 they ate in silence for several minutes . 
 cole did n't want to push her too fast , he was happy that she was comfortable talking to him at all . 
 `` this is delicious , by the way . '' 
 he stabbed a forkful of pasta and managed another bite , though he was stuffed four bites ago . 
 he had a healthy appetite , but savannah had made enough to feed an army - if the still full platter of pasta on the table between them was any indication . 
 `` you obviously know a lot about me , '' savanna said , twirling a strand of long hair around her finger . 
 `` but if i 'm going to stay here , should n't i know more about you ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 she thought about it for a moment , continuing to play with her hair . 
 cole 's attention was pulled from her brilliant green eyes to her mouth and the way she absently toyed with stray lock of hair . 
 `` no wife ? 
 no girlfriend ? '' 
 `` it 's just me . '' 
 `` how come ? '' 
 he thought about how to respond , not about why - he did n't want the responsibility , the heartache that came with loss of a loved one ever again . 
 but he took his time , considering which answer to give her . 
 `` it 's the way i like it . '' 
 savannah frowned slightly . 
 `` does n't that get lonely ? 
 what about your family ? 
 are they nearby ? '' 
 cole remained quiet , watching the way her hand stilled its movements when she grew unsure of herself , wondering if she 'd overstepped a boundary with that question . 
 `` that 's another thing you and i have in common . '' 
 her eyes searched his , trying to understand . 
 `` your parents ... '' `` they 're gone . 
 have been for a few years now . 
 it 's just my sister marissa and me . 
 she 's three years older and a pain in the ass , '' he added , hoping to add some levity back into the moment which had suddenly grown heavier than he 'd bargained for . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered , her eyes never wavering from his . 
 realization sparked between them and their gazes remained locked together . 
 her eyes softened and prodded his dark stare until they were no longer strangers , but two people connecting from a shared loss that wounded so deeply , it never quite healed . 
 he took a slow , shaky breath . 
 this was n't part of the deal . 
 he could n't be getting soft now . 
 just because he 'd brought his work home , so to speak , did n't mean it was okay for him to get all mushy . 
 christ , what came next ? 
 crying on each other 's shoulders ? 
 knitting a god damn blanket . 
 no f ** king way . 
 he 'd do what he had to do to help savannah . 
 he was n't okay with seeing a woman suffer . 
 that was all this was . 
 he would not get emotionally involved . 
 could n't . 
 not again . 
 he had a cabinet full of prescription meds that were the result of him getting involved in something he should n't have once before . 
 `` thanks , '' he bit out , more than ready to change the topic . 
 the remnants of food between them had grown cold , and savannah looked positively exhausted . 
 she sat slumped in her chair , her head leaning in her hand . 
 `` come on , let 's get you to bed . '' 
 he placed their dishes in the sink and guided savannah to the guest room . 
 *** cole 's home was n't what savannah had expected . 
 she was n't quite sure what she 'd been expecting , but the large , modern third-floor loft with floor to ceiling windows and furniture with sleek , clean lines was unanticipated . 
 she was too exhausted to explore , being overtired and fighting off a panic attack would do that to you , but she dutifully followed behind cole , trying her best to listen as he pointed out things out to her . 
 the small breakfast nook opened to a large living room with an espresso colored sectional sofa facing a large flat screen tv . 
 she 'd already grown to love the large spotless kitchen , with its stainless steel appliances and rustic butcher-block island , even if the sight of it initially caused a pang of sadness to hit her chest . 
 thinking of cooking made her think of the compound , which made her think of the children . 
 she worried about where they were now , and if they were being well cared for . 
 especially little britta . 
 the five year old girl was so smart and so tough , the toughest little girl she knew , and yet she looked so sad when she was loaded into the van with the other children . 
 she hoped britta was okay . 
 wished she could find her ... but she 'd put that out of her mind as she had worked , whipping up a basic recipe for fettuccine alfredo . 
 she could n't say she 'd ever made that particular dish at three in the morning , but her options had been limited with such a poorly stocked kitchen . 
 she found herself wondering who took care of cole , and thought it unusual that he was n't married . 
 he was in his late-twenties , he was kind and attractive . 
 but just as quickly as the thoughts had entered her head , she 'd pushed them away . 
 she had no business wondering about his love life . 
 she followed cole down the hallway , where he pointed out a large marble-floored guest bathroom and his bedroom , which she 'd already seen , before stopping at another door just across from his . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` this is the guest room . '' 
 he gestured for her to enter . 
 she stepped around him , entering the spacious room decorated in creams and whites . 
 the large inviting bed in the center of the room drew her forward . 
 when she pressed a hand into the center of the plush bed , there was no way she 'd willing go back to sleeping on that hard , stained cot . 
 the bed was outfitted in the softest blankets she 'd ever felt . 
 she toured the room , running her hand along the smooth curves of the dark wood dresser and then turned to face cole . 
 she wondered if she 'd be allowed to stay . 
 there was something about him - she sensed it from the first time she saw him at the compound . 
 though she probably should have feared him , she felt comforted by his presence . 
 `` you can , ah , sleep here . '' 
 he rubbed a hand along the back of this neck . 
 his bicep flexed , pulling against the t-shirt he wore . 
 he had large , powerful muscles in his back , shoulders and arms , but somehow savannah knew he would n't hurt her . 
 he did n't strike her as the violent type . 
 `` thank you , '' she murmured . 
 she tried to imagine herself living in a place so nice , but it was too big and too empty to feel comfortable . 
 she was accustomed to sleeping in a bunk room with other women and children , relaxing to the sounds of breathing or soft snores . 
 but still , she appreciated his providing this room , where at least she would be safe . 
 she 'd already noted the door had its own lock . 
 they stood facing each other , neither speaking , but each studying the other . 
 savannah shifted her weight , looking down at her baggy jeans and sweatshirt . 
 she did n't have a change of clothes , let alone pajamas or a toothbrush , but she was n't about to ask cole for anything else . 
 he 'd been too kind already , and she did n't want to wear out her welcome or cause him any objections to her staying . 
 *** savannah was still standing in the center of the guest room , her bare feet buried in the plush carpeting . 
 cole suddenly found himself grateful for his sister marissa 's interior decorating help . 
 he 'd resisted it at first , but she 'd slowly worn him down , reminding him that he might still be a bachelor , but he was n't twenty-two anymore , and he was making good money . 
 she said it was time to live like a grown-up . 
 so he 'd gotten a new bedroom set for himself , or more accurately he went along with marissa to the furniture store , and handed over his credit card once she 'd picked everything out . 
 she 'd redecorated his place room by room , finishing with the guest room savannah now stood in . 
 he 'd told marissa it was a waste of money . 
 this room had never held a guest in his three years of living here ; it was where he kept his seldom used ironing board , luggage set and mountain bike . 
 but now watching savannah walk towards the bed and press her palm into the center of the fluffy comforter , he silently praised marissa 's intervention , not that he 'd ever admit that to her . 
 `` wait right here . 
 i 'll be back . '' 
 cole returned a moment later with a pair of his sweat pants and an old t-shirt , handing them to savannah . 
 `` you can wear this if it helps . '' 
 savannah accepted the clothes gratefully , and cole left the room so she could change . 
 a few minutes later , he tapped on the door with his knuckles . 
 `` are you decent ? '' 
 she opened the door and stood before him . 
 the baggy clothes seemed to swallow her . 
 `` we 'll figure everything out in the morning . 
 just get some rest , okay ? '' 
 savannah nodded , yawning sleepily . 
 cole watched her crawl into the bed , his chest tightening at the sight of her in his clothes , looking so small and helpless in the big bed . 
 `` night , '' he uttered , his voice surprisingly tight . 
 he was grateful he had a few days off to help savannah figure things out . 
 how he would use those days , he had no idea . 
 of course , he would have to go back to work soon , and he had his sunday visits with abbie-which he hoped savannah did n't need to know about . 
 but one thing at a time . 
 she was safe and warm in the guest bedroom , and that was good enough for now . 
 chapter 6 when cole woke the following morning , or afternoon as it were , it took him a moment to place the sounds coming from inside his apartment . 
 savannah . 
 his heart did a little happy dance in his chest at the thought of finding her in his kitchen . 
 he stretched and went to investigate . 
 when he entered the kitchen , his bare feet thudding against the wood floor , savannah looked up and froze like she 'd been caught doing something wrong . 
 `` hi , '' he offered , attempting to reassure her . 
 her features softened . 
 `` hi . '' 
 cole scanned the mixing bowls and ingredients spread across his counters , and the island covered in a dusting of flour . 
 `` did you sleep okay ? '' 
 savannah 's eyes wandered the length of cole 's bare chest and stopped at the trail of fine hair grazing his lower stomach and disappearing under his waistband . 
 she cleared her throat and looked down at her hands . 
 `` mmm hmm , '' she stammered . 
 cole bit his lip to keep from chuckling . 
 his muscular physique always got positive reviews from the opposite sex . 
 and he was surprised to see that even after all savannah had been through , she still noticed him . 
 he worked hard to keep in top physical shape , kick-boxing three times a week , lifting weights , and running the rest of the days . 
 he glanced down at his nak * d chest and abs . 
 his pants had slipped ever so slightly down on his hips , exposing his lower abdominals and the lines along his sides that formed a deep v at his hips . 
 he tightened the drawstring , doubling the knot . 
 down boy . 
 now was not the time to get a hard on . 
 he rarely wore anything to bed but had tugged on a pair of pajama pants last night just in case savannah needed anything in the middle of the night . 
 that way he would n't have to fumble for his clothes in the darkness , or risk terrifying the poor girl with his nak * d manhood . 
 he had n't bothered with a shirt ; he found the material too damn restrictive . 
 he preferred the feel of his satin sheets against his bare skin - it was the one comfort he allowed himself . 
 `` i 'm making pancakes . 
 i hope that 's okay , '' savannah said quietly . 
 a box of mix sat on the counter . 
 `` of course that 's okay . 
 thank you . '' 
 cole crossed the kitchen to start a pot of coffee , stepping around her and noticing how unaccustomed he was to having someone in his space , though it was n't entirely unwelcome . 
 `` sorry , i did n't know how to operate that thing . '' 
 savannah eyed the coffee maker like it had personally offended her . 
 `` come here , i 'll show you . '' 
 once savannah had wiped her hands on a dish towel and sidled up next to cole , he could n't resist guiding her in between himself and the counter , so she was closer to the coffee maker , he told himself . 
 savannah sucked in a breath at the contact , but did n't protest , allowing him to maneuver her body as he pleased . 
 he demonstrated how to add fresh beans to the grinder and then how to set the beans to roast , then brew . 
 the coffee maker was fussier than he was used to , but it had been a gift from marissa last christmas , and now he was addicted to fresh roasted coffee beans . 
 neither of them moved away as the coffee began to drip into the waiting carafe . 
 a sudden vision of lifting her hair off the back of her neck and leaning in to plant a kiss on her soft skin danced through his mind . 
 he was just inches from pressing into her , grinding his h * ps into her ass . 
 he felt his c * ck stir and knew their lesson was over . 
 `` let 's eat , '' he grumbled . 
 savannah stood in stunned silence as he stalked from the kitchen . 
 he grabbed a t-shirt and threw it on before sitting down at the breakfast bar . 
 savannah slid a stack of pancakes in front of him . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he cast a quick glance up at her . 
 he did n't realize having this beautiful young woman in his home would affect him like this . 
 he was a professional . 
 he should n't be affected by her . 
 he watched her move through the apartment , bending at the waist to collect the pile of mail he 'd left by his arm chair , shuffling into the kitchen to arrange it on the counter and biting her lip as she studied a spot on the counter before wiping it away . 
 her lips were full and pink and he found himself wondering what they 'd taste like before quickly pushing the thought away . 
 as she stood at the kitchen counter , cole appraised her profile . 
 small but perky chest , dark hair curling around her shoulders , a flat stomach , and a nice shapely ass . 
 he appreciated a fine ripe ass and getting that rounded backside in his palms played through his mind like a song on repeat , no matter how many times he reminded himself it was n't happening . 
 the tiny cut on her lower lip had healed quickly , just the faintest line of pink visible if you were looking for it . 
 savannah looked up and met his eyes , her mouth dropping open in an unspoken question . 
 he needed to stop staring at her mouth or she was going to get the wrong idea . 
 he did n't bring her here for any sinister purpose . 
 he was n't expecting anything in return for letting her stay . 
 he found his voice . 
 `` come sit down and eat with me . '' 
 savannah obeyed , carrying an extra plate and set of silverware over the breakfast bar to join him . 
 she helped herself to a few pancakes from the platter stacked high between them . 
 cole was glad to see that she did n't seem overly self-conscious or shy . 
 she cut her pancakes into little pieces but still had n't taken a bite . 
 `` how are you doing this morning ? '' 
 he asked , trying his best at playing a nurturing role , something new for him . 
 she swallowed heavily and gazed over at him . 
 `` is it stupid that i miss it there ? '' 
 the compound ? 
 he supposed it was all she knew . 
 `` no , i guess not . 
 they were the only family you had . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` there are some things i wo n't miss . '' 
 he left her alone to her thoughts , fighting the urge to push her for details . 
 he appreciated her personality - she did n't feel the need to fill the silence with pointless chatter . 
 she was more observer of the world than outright contributor , and he could relate . 
 he approached most things with a healthy dose of suspicion , and relationships for him were no different . 
 they were each still feeling each other out , each on guard , but for likely different reasons . 
 she was a vulnerable shell-shocked girl in a stranger 's home , and he was a hardened fbi agent who 'd experienced more than his fair share of loss . 
 he rubbed a hand along the back of his neck . 
 christ , what a pair . 
 after a few seconds of quietly picking at her thumbnail , she asked , `` do you think anyone from the compound could find me here ? '' 
 he doubted that 'd be possible . 
 she was supposed to be at the halfway house . 
 though if someone was interested enough and started poking around , the facility coordinator may remember cole and she could be tracked down through him , but why would anyone bother ? 
 `` why are you asking ? '' 
 `` there was someone ... '' `` someone what ? '' 
 she looked down , once again becoming fascinated with her thumbnail . 
 `` answer me . '' 
 he did n't intend the brute force behind his voice . 
 `` jacob 's son . '' 
 cole racked his brain . 
 the file mentioned that jacob had a twenty-one year old son , dillon , but he had n't been living at the compound at the time of the raid . 
 `` dillon . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` is he dangerous ? '' 
 `` no , nothing like that . '' 
 she hesitated for a beat , but before cole could probe again , she released a sigh and continued . 
 dillon had lived at the compound up until last year . 
 he 'd gone away to look for a better paying job , but swore he 'd come back for her . 
 despite savannah 's platonic-only feelings for him , he was convinced they 'd get married someday . 
 he brushed off her hesitations , telling her they were meant to be together and he was going to take care of her . 
 cole turned to her and took her hands , holding them in between his palms . 
 `` listen . 
 he 's not going to find you here . 
 you 're safe . 
 okay ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` okay . '' 
 after breakfast cole announced he was going to the grocery store . 
 `` is there anything you 'd like ? 
 you could make a list , '' he encouraged , sliding his wallet into the back pocket of his jeans . 
 `` oh no , you get what you like . 
 i do n't want to be a pest . '' 
 `` savannah , you 're not . '' 
 his look of sincerity stopped any further arguments from her , but she did n't provide him with a list . 
 he did n't want to press it , because even after setting a pad of paper and a pen on the counter , savannah solemnly shook her head . 
 he did n't know if her refusal was because she really felt like she was overstepping her bounds , or if perhaps she could n't write ; so he let it drop . 
 at the grocery store his usual routine was to grab just the essentials and juggle everything in his arms . 
 this time though , he wandered down each aisle and practically got one of everything , throwing things into the cart at will . 
 he ventured to the carpeted section of the superstore where there were racks of clothing . 
 savannah probably needed a few essentials , but he did n't know her size , or what she might like , so he kept walking . 
 he stood in an aisle , looking at the plastic packages of underpants . 
 but damn , buying her panties seemed too forward . 
 he fled , feeling odd even standing in the aisle . 
 he knew that if she stayed longer , they 'd have to cross that bridge and get her more clothes , but not today . 
 not by himself . 
 he 'd have to bring her along next time so she could tell him her size . 
 he did n't allow lovers to stay over , so he did n't have so much as a spare toothbrush in his guest bathroom , so he settled on picking up a toothbrush-something practical , yet still impersonal . 
 he also tossed pink bottles of shampoo and conditioner into his cart before heading for the checkout lanes . 
 when he got home savannah was nowhere to be found . 
 her bedroom door was closed , so he went to work putting away all the groceries , finding that the cabinets were fuller than they had ever been . 
 when savannah emerged fifteen minutes later , showered , and once again dressed in the sweats and t-shirt he 'd given her last night , he regretted not buying her any clothes . 
 he wondered if she even had panties or a bra under them . 
 he watched her move towards the kitchen and peek inside the cabinets and fridge . 
 `` how 'd i do ? '' 
 he asked , coming up behind her , but bracing himself against the island to keep a physical barrier between them . 
 `` quite well . 
 i can make lasagna , pot pie , do some baking . 
 this is perfect . '' 
 cole smiled , glad that he had pleased her . 
 `` i got these for you too . '' 
 he pushed the toothbrush , shampoo and conditioner toward her . 
 savannah 's eyes lit up as she took the bottles in her hands . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 you would have thought he 'd given her some elaborate gift . 
 sure , he splurged a little and bought a brand more expensive than his own cheap shampoo , but he figured she deserved some basic comforts right now . 
 her whole life had just been turned upside down . 
 *** savannah watched cole from the corner of her eye , trying to figure out his motivation . 
 he only wants you for what 's between your legs . 
 jacob 's gruff voice in her head was unwelcome , yet familiar at the same time . 
 what did cole want with her ? 
 thoughts like that had swirled through her mind since she 'd first arrived here . 
 did he want to touch her ? 
 would he be rough about it , or whisper and caress her sweetly as he touched her ? 
 would she stop him if he tried ? 
 scream and kick and run from the apartment ? 
 what would she do then ? 
 maybe she would just let him do what he wanted , take what he wanted . 
 his hands were calloused , but had been gentle when he 'd cleaned her wounds , so perhaps it would n't be so bad . 
 she could just squeeze her eyes closed and think of something else . 
 but now it seemed less likely , since he had n't yet tried to touch her , had n't laid a single finger on her . 
 and she did n't know what to make of it . 
 her head felt dizzy with the waiting . 
 at this point she just wanted him to make his move , to get on with it . 
 the waiting and not knowing when he 'd strike was exhausting . 
 and so was not knowing how she 'd respond . 
 being around cole heightened her senses and left her reeling . 
 she 'd never felt this way about dillon , despite his obvious advances , and found it interesting that even in the presence of cole 's relative distance , her curiosity was piqued and her body at full attention . 
 she looked down at the pink bottle of shampoo in her hands . 
 she opened the cap and inhaled . 
 floral notes and the mouth-watering scent of ripe peaches met her senses , and she smiled . 
 she 'd used cole 's shampoo that smelled like spearmint and made her scalp tingle , which she liked just fine , but it was nice to have something of her own . 
 her mouth curved into a slow grin at the thought of cole picking this out her for . 
 and she relished having conditioner too . 
 her hair would resemble a bird 's nest without it . 
 after placing the bottles in the guest bathroom , she rejoined cole in the kitchen to see what she might make for dinner . 
 and perhaps she could even do some baking . 
 as savannah moved about the kitchen , cole watched her with suspicion , like he was sure she was about to break down , or freak out at any moment . 
 she did n't feel like crying anymore . 
 she did n't feel much of anything anymore . 
 she just wanted to be sure the kids were okay and figure out her new life , taking one day at a time . 
 she felt relieved more than anything to be free from jacob and the compound where she 'd felt so out of place . 
 and grateful for cole for giving her a second chance at a life . 
 but being unable to understand his intentions was eating away at her . 
 she could n't say she was afraid of him ; she knew that was n't it . 
 more like curious about his motives . 
 she felt comfortable enough , dressed in his soft , worn clothing , making herself at home in his kitchen , and most oddly , making herself comfortable in his arms . 
 it was a comfort she needed , and would n't deny herself . 
 and after cole had failed to make any type of move on her last night , she 'd grown more comfortable , burrowing into his strong arms on the couch and allowing herself the tiniest semblance of safety , even if it would n't last forever . 
 chapter 7 cole awoke suddenly to the sound of a muffled shout . 
 what the - ? 
 he was out of bed in an instant and reaching for the handgun he kept in the drawer beside his bed , but then he remembered savannah . 
 he jogged across the hall and found her thrashing in bed , her arms fighting an imaginary opponent , soft sobs escaping her lips . 
 `` no ! 
 no ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 `` do n't leave me . 
 you ca n't leave me . '' 
 her voice was filled with so much emotion , such aguish , it nagged at cole . 
 during the spilt second it took him to cross the room , he was n't sure if she was talking to him , or still dreaming . 
 but when he reached the bed and saw the moonlit glow across her face , her eyes were still closed . 
 she was having a nightmare . 
 `` savannah . '' 
 he shook her shoulders . 
 `` savannah , wake up . 
 it 's just a dream . '' 
 her eyes flashed open and locked on his . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 `` yes , it 's cole , sweetheart , i 'm here . '' 
 she reached up for his neck and tugged him down on top of her . 
 hot tears against his neck kept him from pulling away , like logic demanded he do . 
 instead his arms snaked around her prone body , and he pulled her even closer . 
 `` shh . 
 it 's okay . 
 i 've got you . '' 
 she let out a weak sob and clutched him even tighter , holding on for dear life . 
 after several minutes , her cries had let up , but her death grip on him had not . 
 knowing that neither of them would get any sleep at this rate , cole lay down beside her , folding her gently against his body - her back to his front - and wrapped her in his arms . 
 she turned her head and met his eyes , silently begging him not to hurt her . 
 that look just about crushed him . 
 he soothed a hand along her cheek , brushing her messy hair away from her face . 
 he wondered if her dream had been about dillon , that guy she 'd been worried about . 
 `` you 're safe . 
 sleep now . '' 
 his third day off work passed much like the others - he spent the day with savannah . 
 she cooked . 
 he ate . 
 it was nice , this routine they were developing . 
 of course he still had no clue what he was doing letting her stay with him . 
 and the longer she stayed , the more likely it was she would discover the skeletons of cole 's past that were better left in the closet . 
 but those thoughts were pushed to the very back of his mind with savannah 's sweet innocence to distract him . 
 after a dinner of steak , baked potatoes and steamed broccoli , savannah popped popcorn on the stove and they curled up on the couch to watch a movie . 
 it was a romantic comedy . 
 savannah leaned forward , curious about the mushy parts , watching the onscreen couple kiss and tumble into bed like she 'd never seen anything like it before . 
 hell , maybe she had n't . 
 cole did his best to try and keep some distance between them , but savannah inched closer and closer until she was pressed against his side , her head resting on his shoulder . 
 he wanted nothing more than to pull her into his arms and hold her , but the thought was so unwelcome , so unlike him , that he forced himself to sit immobile , and did his best not to notice the beautiful girl beside him . 
 like that was even possible . 
 when their movie ended , cole turned on the news . 
 the first story was about takedown of the cult compound . 
 his eyes flicked to savannah to measure her reaction , but she 'd fallen asleep , her face peaceful and beautiful . 
 he alternated between stealing glances at her sleeping form , and watching the coverage on the compound , but learned nothing new . 
 he waited for the news story to end , and shook her shoulder to wake her . 
 `` savannah , come on , let 's get you in bed . '' 
 she roused , her sleepy eyes blinking up at him . 
 `` no , not yet . 
 i want to stay here with you , '' she whispered , her voice raspy from sleep . 
 she trusted him way too much . 
 she needed to go to her room and probably lock the goddamn door , because the way that t-shirt clung to her tits and crept up her side to expose a taunt patch of skin forced his mind to the gutter . 
 he imagined lifting her shirt over her head and nibbling on her soft flesh , exploring her br ** sts with gentle licks and kisses until she was moaning out his name in that sweet sleep-laced voice . 
 he swallowed roughly . 
 `` you need to go to bed . 
 you 're falling asleep . '' 
 she met his eyes . 
 `` i do n't want to be alone , '' she admitted . 
 he knew he had probably made a mistake by sleeping in the bed with her last night , and he certainly had n't meant to set a precedent , but knowing he could n't refuse her request , he simply nodded and led her to his room . 
 his bed was bigger . 
 `` do you want to sleep in my room ? '' 
 `` with you ? '' 
 she asked , her voice rising in uncertainty . 
 he nodded . 
 `` yes . '' 
 after they got ready for bed , cole peeled back the covers and savannah crawled in . 
 she snuggled into his pillows and inhaled . 
 `` it smells like you . '' 
 he did n't ask if that was good or bad , but the sleepy little smile on her lips confirmed her opinion on the matter . 
 he did n't quite know how to process the fact that his musky scented sheets - that were probably due for a washing - were pleasing to her . 
 he liked her scent too , though . 
 maybe it was only natural to be attracted to the scent of the opposite sex . 
 cole knew this was dangerous ground . 
 not just because he was undeniably attracted to her , but because he was afraid that he was making himself too vital in her life . 
 she certainly could n't stay here long-term , and then what ? 
 he never intended for her to grow attached to him . 
 yet that was exactly what seemed to be happening . 
 cole changed in the bathroom , stripping off his shirt and stepping into the pajama pants he 'd begun wearing for savannah 's benefit . 
 when he crawled into bed in the dimly lit room , savannah inched toward him and nestled in against his bare chest . 
 the soft curve of her breast pressed against the firm plain of his chest , and her legs tangled with his . 
 he went instantly hard . 
 fuck . 
 he sat up and removed her grasp on him . 
 `` no , savannah . 
 you ca n't do that . 
 you can sleep in here if you want , but i need my space . '' 
 she bit her lip and looked down , seemingly hurt at being scolded . 
 `` hey , it 's okay . 
 you did n't do anything wrong . 
 i 'm just used to sleeping on my own . '' 
 it was the truth , but not entirely . 
 he wanted nothing more to take her in his arms and hold her all night . 
 hell , if he was admitting it to himself , he wanted to do a lot more than that to her tempting little body , though he 'd never let himself act on it . 
 he would not take advantage of her that way , but mostly he just did n't want her to discover he was hard . 
 savannah 's tortured gaze caught his in the moonlight . 
 `` are you mad at me ? '' 
 he could n't resist stroking her cheek . 
 `` no . 
 you did n't do anything wrong . 
 just get some rest , okay ? '' 
 she nodded , and lay back down - this time on the other side of the king-sized bed . 
 she found his hand under the blankets and gave it a squeeze . 
 `` thank you , cole . '' 
 he rubbed his thumb over the back of her hand , enjoying the simple contact between them . 
 `` good night , savannah , sleep well . '' 
 a few moments later , her breathing became deep and even , and he knew she 'd fallen asleep . 
 he was much too keyed up to do the same . 
 his erection begged for attention . 
 and having her soft , feminine curves right there next to him was pressing all his buttons . 
 he glanced at the door to the master bath , wondering if he could slip out of bed silently and go jerk off . 
 but if savannah woke up and called for him , then what ? 
 he took a deep breath and let it out slowly , knowing he 'd get no relief tonight . 
 *** cole shot up straight up in bed and cursed . 
 the room was dark and silent . 
 he urged his heart to slow the f ** k down before he got up and punched something . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 savannah rubbed at her eyes and sat up next to him . 
 fuck . 
 he 'd forgotten about savannah . 
 but apparently his subconscious had n't . 
 the dreams were eerily reminiscent of how he met her . 
 she placed a hand on his back , resting between his shoulder blades . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` do n't touch me . '' 
 he shrugged out of her grasp . 
 he knew trying to sleep would be pointless now that he 'd dreamed of her . 
 cole climbed out of bed . 
 he put on gym shorts , stripping his pajama pants in the dark , and added a t-shirt . 
 savannah was up and out of bed and behind him , wrapping her arms around his back so her hands locked together around his waist . 
 her br ** sts rasped through the thin cotton of the t-shirt she wore and pressed against his back . 
 `` dammit , savannah . '' 
 he peeled her hands off him and turned to face her . 
 `` let me go . '' 
 he did n't need her tenderness right now . 
 it would only make things worse once she understood . 
 `` there are things you do n't know about me . '' 
 they stood staring at each other in the pre-dawn light . 
 her gaze registered surprise and hint of fear . 
 he knew she 'd never seen this side of him , had n't even imagined it existed . 
 god , he wished it did n't . 
 but the sad truth was , he 'd f ** ked up big time . 
 he just hoped she never knew the extent of it . 
 it struck him how little they each knew about one another , yet how easily they 'd fallen into this routine together . 
 he reached out and squeezed her hand to show her that he was n't mad . 
 `` just go back to bed . 
 i 'm going to the gym . '' 
 she glanced at the clock beside the bed . 
 it was four a.m. , but she did n't argue , she just nodded and climbed back in the bed , curling up in the warmth of the spot he 'd just vacated . 
 chapter 8 `` okay , so no questions , no objections . 
 you 're going , '' marissa pressed . 
 cole dragged the phone from his ear , blowing out a sigh . 
 `` i do n't know , marissa , i 've been pretty busy with work lately . '' 
 she did n't need to know that he was currently on vacation . 
 `` oh colby , you 're gon na love her . 
 i met sali in my yoga class . 
 she 's gorgeous , fun . 
 close to your age . 
 i really think you 'll like her . 
 how long 's it been since you 've been on a date ? '' 
 fuck . 
 the last thing he wanted to do as go on some blind date , but even more than that , he did n't want to get marissa pissed at him , because if he did , she was likely to come over to give him a piece of her mind and then she 'd find savannah here . 
 marissa had been urging him to use dating websites , but he 'd adamantly refused . 
 he 'd rather get a quick lay than have to sit and listen to a girl he was n't interested in prattle on about how her last manicure was chipping after only two days - no joke , that was the actual dinner conversation of his last date . 
 but with his second to last single friend getting married that past summer , cole was beginning to realize it might be time to look for a good girl . 
 he just was n't good at dating . 
 he never seemed to meet the expectations women had . 
 he was forgetful , he was n't romantic , and he worked too much . 
 he did n't know many girls that would take him the way he was , but he did n't want to be someone 's project . 
 he was n't changing . 
 hell , he even pissed marissa off and she was family - she had to love him . 
 `` i arranged it so that you guys could meet at liam 's , '' marissa said . 
 `` you 're there every weekend anyway , so what 's the big deal ? '' 
 marissa had a point . 
 his best friend liam owned an irish pub practically walking distance from his condo . 
 `` fine , i 'll go , '' he muttered into the phone . 
 since marissa regularly threatened to create an online dating profile for him , he occasionally complied to keep her off his back . 
 `` sali , huh ? '' 
 `` yes ! 
 okay , well i already arranged everything . 
 you guys are meeting two weeks from saturday at seven for drinks . 
 that 's it . 
 simple , huh ? '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` would it kill you to thank your sister ? '' 
 `` thanks , rissa . '' 
 he rolled his eyes before ending the call . 
 it was still a couple weeks away , maybe he could find a way out of it . 
 *** the following day , before heading to the gym , cole dropped savannah off at her therapy appointment that had been pre-scheduled by the facility coordinator . 
 after a vigorous workout and a quick shower , cole was dressed and back in his suv , headed to pick up savannah . 
 he entered the doctor 's office , took a seat in the reception area , and began flipping through a magazine . 
 a few minutes later , the office door opened and savannah emerged with swollen eyes . 
 cole sprung to his feet . 
 the doctor stepped around savannah towards cole . 
 `` is this him ? '' 
 savannah nodded , her eyes locked on cole 's . 
 christ , this was n't good . 
 he could get in trouble with the bureau for even being here with her . 
 the doctor , mid-forties with graying hair at his temples , strode toward cole and extended his hand . 
 `` i 'm doctor white , but call me malcolm . 
 do you mind if we have a word , cole ? '' 
 cole nodded . 
 it was the only thing he could do , though he was confused and on edge . 
 what had savannah told her therapist about him ? 
 as soon as they were seated in his large office , malcolm cut to the chase . 
 `` she told me who you were . 
 but do n't worry-doctor / patient confidentially and all that . 
 plus i do n't care who you work for . 
 i get the sense that you want to help savannah , so i wanted to offer some guidance . '' 
 cole leaned forward , his hands on his knees , ready to listen to whatever the doctor had to say . 
 it seemed that they were on the same page . 
 this was about savannah . 
 `` these sessions will help , but they 're only once a week . 
 savannah needs to get into a regular routine . 
 she needs some semblance of normal in her life . '' 
 cole nodded in agreement . 
 no shit , doc . 
 that 's the brilliant advice he probably charges three-hundred dollars an hour to deliver ? 
 `` she seems to have a caring , nurturing spirit . '' 
 cole recognized as much ; she loved to cook and seemed content to feed him and stay at home . 
 but he waited , wondering where this conversation was heading . 
 `` she needs someone or something to care for . 
 do you have pets , plants , anything ? '' 
 `` ah , no . '' 
 cole scrubbed a hand over his scruff . 
 `` so it seems at the moment what she 's putting her caring energy into is you . 
 that concerns me . '' 
 malcolm frowned . 
 `` savannah could grow quite attached at this vulnerable point in her life . 
 you 'll need to be careful . '' 
 if the doc felt it necessary , he 'd buy her a plant , but he did n't see how watering a cactus once a week would help . 
 not to mention he was enjoying savannah funneling her nurturing energy into taking care of him . 
 `` got any advice for me ? '' 
 cole asked , shifting in the stiff leather chair . 
 he did n't like admitting that he had no clue what he was doing , but he needed the advice , and since savannah had already told the doctor about him , there was no use pretending he was n't involved . 
 dr. malcolm white laced his fingers in front of his round stomach . 
 `` watch for withdrawn or self-destructive behaviors . 
 she did n't have the normal teenage experience , and even though she 's wise beyond her years , it 's possible she could go through a late rebellious stage - wanting to experience the typical teenage things she missed out on . '' 
 `` okay ... '' cole was n't sure what he meant , but he thought of his own rebellious years ... sneaking out to go to parties , drinking too much , getting in fights and fooling around with girls he had no intention of dating . 
 he could n't see savannah behaving like that . 
 she seemed too sweet , too innocent . 
 `` and there 's one other thing ... '' the doctor swallowed and met his eyes . 
 `` she 's not ready for any type of romantic relationship , physical or otherwise . 
 i do n't know what your interests in her are , but ... '' cole held up a hand , stopping him there . 
 `` i have zero interest in starting a relationship with her . 
 and as far as anything physical ... she 's just a kid . '' 
 the doctor frowned . 
 `` i would n't say that . 
 she 'll be twenty in a couple of months , more than old enough for a relationship ; i just do n't think she 's ready yet . 
 she 's got a lot of healing to do first . '' 
 cole nodded . 
 `` listen , like i said , i 'm not interested in that with her . '' 
 `` she 's an attractive girl . 
 i had to bring it up . '' 
 cole did n't respond . 
 he could n't . 
 his voice , along with his self-assuredness had disappeared . 
 the truth was he had no idea what he was doing with savannah . 
 not a clue . 
 but he knew one thing ; he felt a compelling need to keep her safe . 
 he 'd just have to shut off any attraction he felt for her . 
 he accepted a stack of self-help books from dr. white , unsure if they were for savannah or him , and stalked from the office . 
 chapter 9 `` do you mind if we turn on the tv ? '' 
 savannah asked . 
 `` it 's just so quiet in here , and i 'm used to more background noise . '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 cole handed her the remote , and she stared down at it curiously like it was some strange foreign object . 
 `` here . '' 
 he hit the power button , bringing the flat screen to life . 
 it was turned to one of the premium channels , which thankfully kept the programming clean during the day . 
 he rarely watched tv , but when he did , it was typically when he could n't sleep and it was either watch the soft-core smut on this channel , or infomercials . 
 and a man only needed so many shark vacuums and ab rollers . 
 savannah studied the tv for a moment , wincing at the string of curse words that ripped from the foul-mouthed character on screen . 
 cole quickly changed the station . 
 the weather channel . 
 that was a safe enough option . 
 savannah smiled at him in appreciation and headed back into the kitchen . 
 a short while later , she hesitated at the threshold of the living room , a casserole dish in her hands . 
 `` i made beef wellington , would you like some ? '' 
 she could n't have known that was his favorite and his mother used to make it for him on special occasions . 
 `` you made wellington ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` it 's my favorite . '' 
 `` mine too . '' 
 all that week savannah had made elaborate meals for cole . 
 eggs benedict for breakfast , panini sandwiches for lunch , that afternoon she 'd baked and decorated six dozen sugar cookies , and now it was beef wellington . 
 she did n't know how to make the right portions for just two of them either , so leftovers were stacked in both the fridge and freezer . 
 he 'd have meals for the next year at this rate . 
 malcolm 's words rang in his head ... savannah 's the nurturing type ... she needs to get in a healthy routine ... he was n't sure all this cooking counted as a healthy routine . 
 she rarely left the kitchen , and when she did , she did n't know what to do with herself . 
 cole was still full from lunch , but he forced down a few bites of the delicious meal , praising savannah for her efforts . 
 he noticed that she barely ate any of the food she cooked , like she was doing it solely for his benefit . 
 he decided it was time to act . 
 cole returned an hour later , wondering if he had made the right decision . 
 the puppy wiggled in his arms , anxious to get down and play . 
 crap . 
 what if savannah did n't even like dogs , or what if she was allergic ? 
 deciding it was too late to turn back now , cole unlocked the door and went inside . 
 not seeing savannah , he carried the maltese-poodle puppy toward her bedroom and knocked at the door . 
 `` savannah ? '' 
 he heard her sniffle . 
 `` just a second . '' 
 the puppy let out a whimper and reached out a paw toward the door scratching to get in , like it somehow knew it 's mother was inside . 
 savannah slowly opened the door . 
 a smile lighting up her tear-streaked face . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 she blinked , an unspoken question forming on her lips . 
 `` she 's for you . 
 she 's fourteen weeks old . 
 a family bought her from a pet store , and then changed their mind and dropped her off at the shelter down the road . 
 she 's yours . 
 if you want her . '' 
 `` oh , cole . '' 
 savannah lifted up on her toes and pressed a kiss to his cheek . 
 `` thank you . 
 she 's so cute . '' 
 cole handed the squirming thing over to savannah , who promptly kissed the top of its head and cradled it on her hip like a baby . 
 she captured his attention and held it . 
 cole 's lips turned up in satisfaction as he watched the touching sight . 
 there was no denying the dog was cute . 
 she was a whopping six pounds of fluffy cream and tan fur , with a tail that wagged non-stop . 
 cole wanted to adopt a german shepherd , or some other manly dog , but when he saw this little thing that looked more like a gremlin than a dog , he knew it was the one savannah would want . 
 and if the way savannah buried her face in the puppy 's fur and murmured unintelligible baby talk to it was any indication , he 'd done the right thing . 
 his heart squeezed in his chest - the feeling unfamiliar and startling . 
 but he reminded himself he 'd only done this to get her doctor off his back . 
 animal therapy or some shit it was called . 
 `` what are you going to name her ? '' 
 he asked . 
 savannah 's lips curved into a smile . 
 god she was beautiful when she smiled . 
 `` i get to name her ? '' 
 he nodded and watched her eyes light up . 
 `` i 'll have to think about it . '' 
 she smiled , holding the puppy out at arm 's length to get a good look at her . 
 cole left again with the excuse of needing to pick up a collar , leash and dog food . 
 but mostly , he needed to escape the overwhelming feelings brought on by savannah 's sweet murmurings to the puppy . 
 chapter 10 `` come here , cuddles . '' 
 savannah scooped the fluff ball up from the floor and balanced the dog on her hip . 
 `` that 's a good girl . 
 no biting cole . '' 
 the damn dog had turned out to be an ankle biter - often nipping at cole 's heels as he walked across the apartment . 
 `` dammit , that hurt you little beast . '' 
 cole absently rubbed his tender achilles tendon . 
 savannah did n't scold the dog , just picked it up and lovingly stroked its back . 
 no wonder the thing was so naughty . 
 she let it get away with murder . 
 of course , it was only naughty towards cole . 
 cuddles treated savannah as though she walked on water . 
 probably because she was the one who fed and walked it . 
 cole usually looked at it with suspicion and distrust . 
 now that savannah had cuddles and was starting to adjust , cole decided his forced vacation was over . 
 he was going back to work . 
 norm would just have to deal with the fact that it was two days early . 
 savannah had settled in better than he could have expected , and the dog had helped a lot . 
 cole had shown her the grassy fenced in area where tenants could exercise their dogs . 
 he showed her the little bags for cleaning up after cuddles , and gave her an extra key to his condo , telling her to make sure she kept the door locked . 
 she did n't seem too upset by the thought of him going to work , which was good . 
 she asked if she could take a bubble bath in the sunken tub in his master bath , and said she wanted to read some of the books dr. white had given her too . 
 when he arrived at the office the next morning , norm grumbled something unintelligible and several of the guys groaned , and then began swapping money . 
 what the - ? 
 instead of ordering him back on vacation , like he suspected would happen , norm patted him on the back . 
 `` good work . 
 you stayed away longer than i thought you would . '' 
 he looked around at the grinning faces of his co-workers . 
 `` you guys took bets on me ? '' 
 `` most had you coming back on tuesday . 
 i had today , which means you just won me fifty bucks . '' 
 norm grinned . 
 `` now everyone back to work . '' 
 he shoved a file of printouts at cole . 
 `` here 's a new case for you . '' 
 regardless of their jabs , cole knew being back at work was a good thing . 
 it would help give him some much needed perspective and occupy his brain , hopefully forcing thoughts of savannah aside , if only for eight hours at a time . 
 when he got home from work , he found savannah sitting on the living room floor clutching cuddles to her chest , tears freely streaming down her cheeks . 
 he dropped his bag in the entryway and stormed across the living room , falling to his knees in front of her . 
 `` savannah , what is it ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 he cradled her jaw in his hands , meeting her teary eyes . 
 she looked at him and then back at the tv . 
 `` oh cole , it 's just so sad . '' 
 he looked at the screen to see what she 'd been watching . 
 it was one of those damn talk shows that featured a cast of low lives - this episode appeared to be a girl who did n't know who the father of their baby was . 
 a tattooed guy strutted across the stage , shouting obscenities at the audience after learning he was not the father . 
 the mother was not to be outdone , was wildly gesturing and shouting , nearly every word bleeped out . 
 cole turned it off . 
 `` you should n't be watching that trash . '' 
 `` she did n't know who the father of her child was , and he was just so mean ... '' she sniffed , drawing a deep breath . 
 `` and the poor baby ... '' cole pulled her to his chest . 
 `` shh , it 's not real . 
 it 's just tv . '' 
 he did n't know if that was entirely true , but savannah did n't need to know that . 
 she was just too vulnerable , too impressionable , having not grown up in the real world . 
 if he could protect her from even some of its harsh realities , he would . 
 after holding her for a few minutes until her tears subsided , cole rubbed gentle circles on her back . 
 she pulled away and met his eyes . 
 still red and puffy , but no fresh tears . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she nodded , unwilling to take her eyes from his . 
 `` thanks for ... everything . 
 for taking care of me . '' 
 her lips were only a few inches from his . 
 the desire to kiss her was an overwhelming need , sucking the air from his lungs . 
 his breathing became shallow and he nodded , still meeting her eyes . 
 she smiled softly and rose to her feet , leaving cole sitting on his living room rug alone . 
 after shaking away the crazy thoughts in his head , everything from a fierce surge of protectiveness to attraction , he got up and joined savannah in the kitchen . 
 he sat perched on a stool while she began dinner . 
 as she cooked , savannah asked about his day at work . 
 he told her about his new case , investigating a man who was believed to be working with a known terrorist . 
 she listened in rapt interest as she sauteed chicken and vegetables for stir fry . 
 he could n't help but notice how comfortable it felt to come home to savannah at night , rather than his empty apartment . 
 and a hot meal too ? 
 he knew he could get used to this - and that was bad , very bad . 
 *** gasping for air , savannah untangled herself from the sheets and fought to get her breathing under control . 
 it was just a dream . 
 dillon was n't there . 
 jacob was gone . 
 and she was safe . 
 tell that to her heart , currently thundering in her chest like she 'd just sprinted a marathon . 
 `` savannah ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 cole sat up in bed , running a hand across his face . 
 `` sorry , nothing . 
 just a bad dream , '' she mumbled . 
 `` i did n't mean to wake you . '' 
 cole reached over and flicked on the small bedside lamp . 
 savannah blinked against the warm glow , finding cole 's features etched in concern and his hair rumpled from sleep . 
 placing his warm palm on the center of her back , he rubbed slow circles , working to calm her . 
 savannah drew a slow shuddering breath and attempted a smile , trying to show him she was n't as broken as she felt . 
 `` what was the dream about ? '' 
 he asked , his voice thick with sleep . 
 blinking a few times , her eyes adjusted to the light and savannah took notice of cole 's shirtless form . 
 his broad bare chest was enough of a distraction , and she focused on him instead of the memories swirling in her head . 
 `` it was just something that happened a few weeks before the raid . 
 dillon sat me down and explained that his father had promised him that i could be his . 
 that was why he needed to go away and work , to save up money for our future . '' 
 cole 's brow wrinkled and his hand stilled on her back . 
 `` what do you mean promised you could be his ? '' 
 savannah shrugged . 
 she knew she did n't want to belong to anyone . 
 she wanted to be her own woman , and be loved and cherished in her own right , but free to come and go , make her own choices . 
 living with jacob , or dillon for that matter , that was n't possible . 
 which was why she was so grateful for cole . 
 she kept most of these somber memories to herself , preferring instead to focus on the good things - like the children and the few friends she 'd had there . 
 but she could n't control her subconscious , and dreams of jacob 's crazy rants and dillon urgings needed to stop . 
 `` can you just hold me tonight ? '' 
 she whispered to cole . 
 his expression was guarded , but he nodded his consent and held open his arms . 
 savannah crawled closer , nestled herself into the crook of his arm and he lowered them both to the bed , reaching over to flip off the light . 
 savannah breathed in his warm , male scent and rested her head against the firm plane of his chest . 
 as crazy as it was , she felt completely safe and at ease with cole . 
 she took a deep breath and closed her eyes , slipping into a restful sleep in cole 's solid embrace . 
 *** that sunday cole got changed and readied himself for a tough conversation . 
 he ventured to the living room and found savannah on the sofa , little magazine clippings on the coffee table in front of her like she was in the middle of some project . 
 `` i have this thing i do on sundays , '' he started . 
 savannah looked up him curiously , cuddles dozing near her hip . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she turned back to her magazine cutouts - pictures of puppies and babies , and other nonsensical things . 
 `` i 'll um , be back before dinner . '' 
 she nodded . 
 he slipped into his shoes , still waiting for her questions , but they never came . 
 savannah did n't say a thing . 
 did n't even raise an eyebrow about where he went on sundays . 
 what would he say if she did ? 
 how would he explain his relationship with abbie ? 
 perhaps it was best to shield savannah from the whole situation , including his messy relationship history . 
 things were manageable now . 
 two hours on a sunday were all that was required to keep things running smoothly . 
 and so far , savannah had n't asked a single question . 
 perhaps it was one of those things better left unknown . 
 easier for all involved . 
 he was trying to do the right thing by abbie . 
 of course , now that savannah was in his life , things had gotten considerably more complicated . 
 he did n't normally do complicated . 
 cole had always felt confident in his decision to maintain his relationship with abbie . 
 he was doing the right thing to help a friend in need - simple as that . 
 then why did it feel like a f ** k of a lot more suddenly ? 
 the fact that savannah did n't know about her turned it into some dirty secret . 
 he had enough skeletons in his closet , and he did n't particularly enjoy adding another . 
 but he drew in a deep breath and shook off the tension building between his shoulder blades . 
 just because he had savannah in his life did n't mean he could walk away from his other responsibilities . 
 cole ran his hands over his face , pressing the heels of his palms over his eyes . 
 why women did n't come with an instruction manual was beyond him . 
 chapter 11 monday morning came too quickly after another pleasant weekend spent with cole . 
 savannah yawned and smoothed her hair back , securing it in a low ponytail at the nape of her neck . 
 the least she could do to say thank you was to help out around the house , not to mention if they wanted to eat , the responsibility seemed to rest on her . 
 `` the coffee 's ready , '' she called to cole . 
 he entered the kitchen with a frown . 
 `` not in the mood . '' 
 he always drank coffee . 
 always . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she asked , turning to watch him fasten the last few buttons on his dress shirt . 
 she helped him with the cufflinks that his fingers always stumbled over . 
 `` here . 
 let me . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he smiled weakly . 
 `` are you sick ? '' 
 she asked , noticing the dark circles beneath his eyes . 
 `` it 's just an upset stomach . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 she stared at him , having never seen him under the weather , and felt altogether useless . 
 `` can i get you some ginger ale and soda crackers ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` ah , sure . 
 maybe that 'll do the trick . '' 
 he slipped into his loafers while savannah poured a small glass of the bubbly amber-colored drink . 
 `` my mom used to give me the same thing . '' 
 `` here . '' 
 she watched while he munched down the crackers and then downed the soda . 
 `` see , i 'm fine savannah . '' 
 he chuckled , passing back the empty glass . 
 `` okay , '' she said reluctantly , accepting it . 
 he 'd done so much for her , it was the least she could do to be there for him . 
 savannah headed into the kitchen and switched off the coffee maker , having never developed a taste for the stuff herself , and watched from the corner of her eye as cole stuffed his cell phone , wallet and keys into the pockets of his slacks . 
 he was a man of routine , that much was certain . 
 he kept all his essentials , plus some loose change , and a seldom worn watch in a small mahogany box on his entryway table , and repeated this same ritual each morning . 
 savannah continued to inspect him , appreciating the way he looked dressed up in his work clothes , when cole suddenly darted from the entryway , passing her as he shot down the hall . 
 `` cole ... '' she followed him toward the bathroom , but the sounds of him becoming sick stopped her at the threshold . 
 she stood with her back pressed against the wall just outside the bathroom door , wondering if she should go to him . 
 she heard the water running and him gargling . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 she knocked softly on the door . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` i 'll be out in a minute , '' he called . 
 his voice was tense and rougher than usual , making savannah 's stomach knot with worry . 
 he emerged a second later , looking no worse for the wear and continued past her to the front door . 
 `` see you tonight . '' 
 `` cole ! '' 
 she met him at the door . 
 `` you 're still going to work ? '' 
 he nodded , pausing at the half-open front door . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` but you were just sick ! '' 
 `` so ? 
 i 'm a big boy . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` you have the flu ; go get in bed . '' 
 an expression of surprise crossed cole 's face and he darted for the bathroom , cursing under his breath . 
 she heard the telltale signs of him getting sick again . 
 a few minutes later , savannah steered cole into his bedroom , refusing to take no for an answer , and helped him step out of his dress slacks , pockets still full and belt dangling loosely . 
 `` i need my cell . '' 
 he looked adorably cute standing there pouting in just his black boxers briefs and white undershirt . 
 slightly exasperated that he was going to be a difficult patient , savannah anchored her hands on her hips , ready to do what it took to force him into being an obedient patient . 
 `` no phones . 
 no work . 
 no . '' 
 `` i 'm just going to send norm a text and tell him i 'm staying home today . '' 
 she bit her lip , deciding if she could believe him . 
 `` fine . '' 
 she handed over his cell phone and went to hang his slacks in the closet . 
 from inside the closet , she heard him mumbling to himself that criminals do n't take a day off and neither should he . 
 she returned to his bedside and was ready to forcibly remove the phone from his hands , but as he promised , he sent one quick text , then set the phone on the bedside table . 
 he rolled to his side , hugged a pillow to his chest and closed his eyes . 
 she pushed his hair back from his forehead , feeling for a temperature . 
 she secretly loved how his hair looked when he first woke up , like a rakish young boy who 'd been out all night raising trouble , or enjoying a tumble between the sheets . 
 she pressed the back of her hand against his cheek and his eyes fluttered open . 
 `` you feel warm , '' she whispered . 
 `` mmm , '' he groaned . 
 `` think you can keep down some water ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 savannah returned with a glass of chilled water and two pain relievers , which she set on the bedside table for later once she was confident he was done getting sick . 
 cole 's foggy gaze met hers , watching as she arranged the blankets around him and fussed over him . 
 she tipped the glass of water to his lips and he swallowed a tiny sip , before dropping his head back to the pillow again . 
 `` thanks , '' he croaked , his voice raw . 
 `` lay with me ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 he 'd never requested her presence before , never acted like it mattered . 
 they 'd cuddled and lain together so many times , but it was always at her urging . 
 her heart thumped in her chest at hearing him ask for her in that way . 
 it was just because he was sick . 
 but that did n't mean she was n't allowed to enjoy it all the same . 
 she pulled back the covers , joining him in between the sheets where she could snuggle up properly . 
 cole cracked open one eye and lifted his arm , urging her nearer . 
 `` get closer , i 'm cold , '' he whispered . 
 his skin felt hot to the touch , but savannah did n't argue , draping her arm across his chest , and one leg over his h * ps as she wrapped her body around his . 
 he sighed a little sound of contentment and pressed a kiss to her hair . 
 `` thanks , savannah . '' 
 savannah awoke to an intense heat radiating around her . 
 she flung the blankets off her , gasping for breath . 
 god he was burning up . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 she shook his shoulders trying to rouse him . 
 `` cole , wake up . '' 
 he lazily opened one eye and let out a slight groan . 
 `` need savannah . '' 
 his hand raised and then flopped heavily against the mattress . 
 `` i am savannah . 
 sit up so you can take some pain reliever for me . '' 
 `` no ... want savannah , '' he groaned , his eyes still closed . 
 she reached for the pills , pried open cole 's lips and placed them on his tongue , then patted his cheeks and made him take a sip of water . 
 he did so , lethargically , before falling back against his pillow . 
 `` savannah ... '' he breathed once more . 
 she smoothed her hands through his hair . 
 `` shh . 
 just rest . 
 i 'm here . '' 
 she rubbed his neck and shoulders , finding them tense even while he slept . 
 hope surged in her chest . 
 feeling needed and vital was a sentiment that she missed so much it brought tears to her eyes . 
 she blinked them away and brought a palm to cole 's roughened cheek , skittering her thumb back and forth . 
 he only needs you because he 's delirious with fever . 
 she ignored the empty feeling in her chest and continued smoothing his hair back and gently caressing him , doing her best to soothe both of their aches . 
 chapter 12 having recovered from the twenty-four hour flu , cole was back at work the following day . 
 he 'd spent the week working on a new case , but had hit a lull . 
 he stretched at his desk , his neck cracking with the movement and decided to check into the cult case to see if there was anything new . 
 he also wanted to learn more about dillon . 
 he typed a search into the database and hit enter . 
 he learned that all fourteen children had been reunited with their mothers - none of whom were charged in the case . 
 he knew that would make savannah happy . 
 he thought about going home mid-day to check on her , but talked himself out of it . 
 there was surprising little about dillon . 
 he 'd been tracked to amarillo where he was working manual labor . 
 he 's been given the news of his father 's death and was also questioned at that time , but the interview did n't reveal much . 
 cole continued perusing the file and stumbled across a photo of dillon . 
 it was a candid shot from his time at the compound , and savannah was in the photo too , sitting on his knee in front of a rustic fire pit - a wide smile on her face . 
 the picture ate away at him . 
 maybe she really was happy living there . 
 sure , she seemed to be adjusting well to staying with him , but seeing the pure bliss on her face - under a darkened , star filled sky , seated with friends and family next to her - he began to realize there was more to her life at the compound than crazy jacob . 
 he studied the picture closer . 
 dillon 's hands rested on savannah 's hip and his face was covered in a stupid ass grin . 
 if this bastard so much as laid one finger on savannah , he 'd personally castrate the son of bitch . 
 he considered how to bring up dillon to savannah to get more information about their relationship , but decided to proceed with caution . 
 she was doing so well , he did n't want to upset her . 
 savannah had seemed somewhat worried and hesitant to discuss dillon , so at least for now , he 'd let it drop . 
 savannah was safe . 
 that 's all that mattered . 
 he knew he could n't just keep her holed up in his condo , even if he wanted to . 
 he realized that in the weeks savannah had been staying with him , she 'd yet to leave the house , aside from her therapy appointments and walking the dog . 
 it was friday night , and he decided that tonight that would change . 
 if savannah really was going to be staying with him , he wanted to do all he could to help re-acclimate her to her new life . 
 step one to her gaining some confidence and independence was to get out of his condo on a regular basis . 
 her three times a day trips to take cuddles outside did n't count , though he supposed that was a start . 
 he would take her out to dinner - give her a break from cooking . 
 of course she would need something to wear , other than his oversized sweats and t-shirts she seemed comfortable in . 
 looking up from his computer screen at a rustling noise next to him , he spotted agent amanda larson shuffling through her desk drawer . 
 he 'd never really paid her much attention before . 
 they rarely worked together , though he knew she was good at her job . 
 `` colby fletcher , '' she scolded . 
 `` were you just checking out my backside ? '' 
 she turned to face him , placing her hands on her hips . 
 his eyes darted up to hers . 
 he had been , but not for the reason she seemed to think . 
 she appeared to be about the same size as savannah . 
 `` what size are you ? '' 
 her playful grin instantly evaporated . 
 `` you never ask a girl her size . 
 god , no wonder you 're still single . '' 
 he was n't sure how she knew that fact about him , or what exactly she meant by the statement - well actually he did - that he was insensitive . 
 and he could n't argue with that . 
 but the thing was , he knew that savannah was changing him little by little . 
 `` i need to buy a gift , and you look about the right size . 
 can you just help me out here ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` size four petite pants . 
 a small or medium on the top . '' 
 cole scribbled down the information on a piece of paper and stuffed it in his pocket . 
 when cole got home from work , his house was strangely silent . 
 he set the shopping bags down on the island and searched for savannah . 
 not finding either her or cuddles , he ventured outside , not bothering to change from his work clothes . 
 he found savannah , but not at all like he had expected . 
 though he guessed he knew better than to expect anything normal from her . 
 she was sitting cross-legged in the grass next to the guy from unit 4d , levi something or other . 
 her head was thrown back and the sweet sound of her laughter tumbled from her lips . 
 what the fuck ? 
 levi was casually leaning back on his elbow , plucking at a blade of grass . 
 cole could n't hear what levi was saying , but whatever it was , he was sure he had never seen savannah so carefree or laughing with such abandon . 
 something inside him clenched with jealousy . 
 savannah was his . 
 he did n't know where that thought had come from , but there it was , insistent and possessive . 
 levi 's head snapped up once cole got closer , and savannah 's laugh died on her lips when she saw his expression . 
 he was sure he looked ready to kill someone . 
 well not just someone - the a ** hole from 4d , specifically . 
 `` whoa there fbi man , '' levi chuckled , straightening his spine at the implied threat in cole 's posture . 
 `` savannah ? '' 
 his voice was low , rougher than he intended . 
 savannah scrambled to her feet . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 he closed his eyes and took a deep breath , forcing himself to calm down . 
 savannah approached him carefully and placed a hand on his forearm , which worked to relax him . 
 `` you were n't inside , '' he bit out in a clipped tone . 
 `` cuddles needed to go potty . '' 
 she lifted the dog onto her hip , her eyes full of worry . 
 he nodded . 
 `` everything 's fine . '' 
 he patted the top of cuddles ' head , and rubbed his thumb across savannah 's cheek . 
 watching her laughing and looking at levi had set something off inside him . 
 `` go on inside . 
 i got a surprise for you tonight . 
 the bags on the counter are for you . 
 get changed . 
 we 're going out . '' 
 `` out ? '' 
 she choked on the word . 
 he nodded . 
 `` go on . 
 i 'll be up in a sec . '' 
 he could n't ease her mind about going out just yet , he needed to deal with levi first . 
 he was sniffing around savannah like a damn dog and he was about to learn that was not okay . 
 the only things cole knew about levi were that he was twenty years old , went to the local community college and lived with his mother , a forty-something divorcee who had come on to cole on more than one occasion . 
 once savannah had disappeared inside , cole turned to face levi , stepping in closer until they were chest to chest . 
 cole 's intense gaze penetrated levi 's and he shook his head slowly . 
 `` she 's off-limits . '' 
 levi did n't falter . 
 `` she 's a little young for you , is n't she ? '' 
 `` that 's none of your f ** king business . 
 i 'm only going to say this once . 
 stay away from her . '' 
 levi scrubbed a hand over his stubble-covered jaw . 
 `` whatever you say man , chill out . 
 we were just talking . '' 
 cole let out a huff and stalked back inside . 
 shit . 
 maybe he should n't have freaked out on levi . 
 savannah was allowed to have friends , after all . 
 but there was just something that did n't sit well with the thought of her having male friends . 
 still he knew he had no right to be mad at savannah . 
 he 'd have to work on that . 
 chapter 13 savannah carried the shopping bags into the guest bathroom . 
 she removed each item to inspect it . 
 a pair of dark-washed stretchy jeans , a heather gray sweater that was super soft and thin , and a pair of white cotton panties . 
 she brought the clothes to her face and inhaled . 
 mmm . 
 they smelled new , like a department store . 
 she 'd rarely had new clothes bought just for her , having worn hand-me-downs most of her life . 
 she quickly changed and threw the sweats into the bathroom hamper . 
 when she turned toward the mirror , she stared at her reflection in disbelief . 
 the clothes fit perfectly - the jeans sat low on her waist , hugging her h * ps and bottom , and the top was so fine and soft , she could n't resist wrapping her arms around herself for a squeeze . 
 she felt pretty for the first time in a long time , and she had cole to thank . 
 awareness of her growing debt to him prickled at the back of her mind . 
 she owed him for cuddles , and now the new clothes . 
 she finger-combed her dark hair and glanced at her reflection one last time before going to find cole . 
 he was sitting on a barstool at the kitchen island , drinking a bottle of beer . 
 with only his profile in view , cole had n't yet noticed her . 
 savannah took a moment to study him uninterrupted . 
 she had come to love just looking at him when she knew he was n't watching . 
 his back and shoulders were powerful with muscles that bunched under his shirt . 
 even his forearms were masculine - she could see where he 'd pushed his sleeves up and thick veins strained against his arms . 
 he was beautiful , yet ruggedly masculine . 
 he was her safety , her comfort . 
 she owed him everything . 
 but she had no idea how to repay him . 
 she straightened her shoulders and cleared her throat . 
 cole turned toward her , the bottle of beer suspended halfway to his lips . 
 his eyes began at her denim-clad thighs , and moved slowly over her hips , her flat belly , up to her chest and lingered there a moment before finally settling on her eyes . 
 he did n't try to hide the fact that he was checking her out , and made no apologies for his behavior . 
 savannah squirmed under his gaze . 
 she was amazed that one look could make her feel hot all over and so feminine at the same time . 
 without dropping his gaze from hers , he dragged the bottle of beer to his lips and pulled down a healthy swig , his throat moving with the effort . 
 `` thank you for the clothes , '' savannah offered , needing to break the heavy silence that hung between them . 
 `` they fit , '' he murmured , his eyes still refusing to leave hers . 
 she blushed and looked down , suddenly realizing that he had shopped for her , picked these things out , even the panties that now seemed to accentuate the throb in her groin . 
 she pulled in a deep breath and headed for the kitchen , unable to stand on display for his perusal any longer . 
 she retrieved his empty bottle of beer and rinsed it in the sink before adding it to the recycling bin under the sink . 
 cole was right behind her when she turned , holding her captive against the counter with his large form . 
 she never felt frightened of him , more like intrigued . 
 but she was always aware of where he was in relation to her , and how large and masculine he was physically . 
 and at this exact moment , dressed in nice clothes that he had taken the time to pick for her , she felt womanly , soft and pretty next to his raw masculinity . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 she looked up , meeting his dark eyes . 
 `` damn , savannah , when i saw you talking to levi ... '' he trailed off , resting a heavy hand on her hip . 
 the weight of his warm hand surprised her , and her lungs refused to cooperate . 
 `` i did n't like it , '' he admitted , staring at her point blank . 
 her stomach dropped . 
 savannah would n't do anything to upset him . 
 could n't . 
 he was everything she had right now . 
 `` i 'm , i 'm sorry , '' she stammered . 
 `` no . '' 
 cole stepped in closer , until his thighs were pressed against hers , and their faces were just inches apart . 
 they had touched many times , but not like this - not when cole was angry and rough , his gaze filled with intensity . 
 warning bells went off in savannah 's head . 
 she gripped the counter behind her . 
 `` you should be able to talk to whoever you want without me getting all possessive . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 savannah was at a complete loss , having never experienced this type of relationship with a man before . 
 he seemed angry , but more so at himself than her . 
 she was n't sure what to do , so she remained completely still . 
 his hand tightened on her hip , clutching her close to him . 
 and his other hand cupped her cheek as he leaned in closer . 
 for a second savannah thought he might kiss her and her heart jumped into her throat . 
 she held her breath , waiting , but he only stroked her jaw lovingly with his thumb . 
 `` you look nice , '' he whispered , before dropping his hands and moving away . 
 the loss of his body near hers was almost painful . 
 somehow in the past few weeks savannah had begun to crave his physical contact , and when he was n't near , it left an ache that settled over her skin and inside her chest . 
 but before she had time to dwell on any of that , cole led her to the door and ushered her outside . 
 they rode to the restaurant with the music playing low . 
 cole turned the radio on scan and told her to stop at whichever station she liked . 
 she frowned at the heavy metal , twang-y country and hip hop music , but when she heard the soulful voice of a woman , she leaned forward in her seat and asked cole to leave it . 
 it was someone named lana del rey , he said . 
 they listened to her sing about blue jeans , big dreams and love that lasted a million years . 
 savannah listened to the words , saying a silent prayer that love like that was real and would find her in this crazy world . 
 they arrived at the restaurant - a bistro type place that served the best wood-fired pizzas , cole said . 
 when they stepped inside , savannah noticed the restaurant was small , but upscale , decorated in reds , browns and creams . 
 it was dimly lit and had a cozy , rustic feel . 
 the entrance was filled with people waiting for tables . 
 savannah was n't used to being in crowds of strangers , but the feel of cole 's fingertips against her lower back soothed her . 
 she crossed the room toward a long dark bar , lit with tiny lamps every few feet . 
 `` is this okay ? '' 
 he motioned for her to have a seat on the stool he 'd pulled out for her . 
 `` i usually come by myself and sit up here . 
 you do n't have to wait , plus you can watch the action in the kitchen . '' 
 he motioned to the large wood-burning oven that looked more like a fireplace . 
 she took the stool and could immediately see why cole liked to sit there . 
 watching the cooks work , stretching pizza dough , and adding sauce and toppings like they were in some sort of race was fun . 
 plus , it was neat to see the ingredients they used . 
 her mouth was watering for one of those pizzas after just a few seconds . 
 `` they have salads and pasta too . '' 
 cole handed her a menu while a server delivered two ice waters . 
 `` get whatever you want . '' 
 `` i 'll just have whatever you 're having , '' she said . 
 he frowned . 
 `` i thought you could sort of practice being out - you know , ordering for yourself , things like that . '' 
 oh . 
 so this was n't just an enjoyable evening out - he was giving her a lesson . 
 teaching her how to be a normal person . 
 she ducked her chin , suddenly ashamed that she thought she could just blend in with him , enjoy their time together . 
 she was being scrutinized instead , and needed to earn his approval . 
 she opened her menu and began studying . 
 everything sounded delicious , but she knew she wanted to try one of those pizzas . 
 `` hi , have you guys been here before ? '' 
 a bubbly server appeared in front of them . 
 `` i have , '' cole said , `` but savannah has n't . '' 
 `` oh , well welcome . 
 do you guys want to hear the specials , or do you already know what you want ? '' 
 she asked , looking between them . 
 `` savannah ? '' 
 cole waited for her to answer . 
 `` um , i think i know what i want , but yes , i 'd like to hear the specials . '' 
 a smile tugged at the corner of cole 's mouth , seemingly pleased with savannah 's response . 
 the waitress pulled out a notecard and read the specials . 
 `` okay , our chef 's pizza tonight is fig and artichoke . 
 the appetizer is a four-cheese grilled flatbread served with marinara sauce . 
 what can i get for you ? '' 
 savannah hesitated for a second . 
 `` get whatever you want , '' cole whispered , placing his hand on her knee . 
 his touch reassured her , even if it was a little distracting the way his large hand fit around her thigh . 
 `` i 'd like the vegetarian pizza with sausage , and a sweet tea , please . '' 
 the waitress looked up from her pad . 
 `` you want meat on a vegetarian pizza ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 and i 'd like an order of that four-cheese bread too . '' 
 cole chuckled under his breath . 
 `` that sounds good . 
 make it two orders . 
 oh , and an amstel please . '' 
 after checking cole 's id , the waitress scurried away . 
 cole removed his hand from her leg and draped it casually across the back of her seat . 
 `` did i do okay ? '' 
 she asked , resisting the urge to nuzzle into his side . 
 `` you did perfect . '' 
 savannah glowed at his compliment , fiddling with her napkin as she placed it across her lap . 
 their drinks arrived and as she sipped her tea , cole turned to study her , his brow furrowed like he was thinking hard about something . 
 `` how are you feeling about staying with me ? '' 
 he took a swig from his beer . 
 she thought of how to answer . 
 several words flitted through her mind . 
 safe . 
 relieved . 
 but she said the first one that came to her lips . 
 `` happy . '' 
 cole continued watching her with a puzzled expression , but she could n't tell if he was glad to hear that or not . 
 a little bit of both , it seemed . 
 `` how have things been going with dr. white ? 
 do you feel like you 're making progress ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` yes , it 's helping quite a bit . 
 we 're talking about things i have n't talked to anyone about before-things in my past . 
 and we talk about my future , too . '' 
 that word seemed to spark his curiosity . 
 `` what do you want in your future , savannah ? '' 
 she wanted what all women wanted : to belong , to be loved , to find a partner in life . 
 her therapist coaxed her into talking about her long buried feelings , and what she wanted . 
 now that she 'd accepted it , the thoughts occupied a large section of her brain . 
 and there was no separating those thoughts from thoughts of cole . 
 he 'd stuck by her , taken care of her every need , and had never tried to take advantage . 
 she knew better than to rely on someone she did n't know , but she 'd been so helpless , so lost , she had n't had a choice . 
 and cole had earned her trust and respect , something she did n't give out easily . 
 it was in this same conversation that dr. white surprised her by asking if cole had expressed a romantic interest in her , if he 'd indicated he wanted something more than friendship . 
 she 'd said no . 
 there had been nothing inappropriate in cole 's behavior towards her , and nothing that indicated he wanted more . 
 but ever since that seed had been planted in her mind , she wondered why cole had n't . 
 she studied her body in the mirror , wondering if she was attractive enough for him , and why he had n't noticed her . 
 she 'd daydreamed about how he looked without his shirt . 
 she was undeniably curious about his body , what it would be like to touch him , to have him touch her . 
 she 'd never been so interested in a man before , yet she could n't deny her growing feelings for him . 
 before savannah could answer cole 's question , the waitress delivered their plates . 
 the amount of food was way too much for two people . 
 they would certainly be taking home leftovers , but savannah enjoyed as much as she could until she was almost uncomfortably full . 
 after dinner , cole walked her outside , tucking her inside his suv . 
 he leaned close and whispered . 
 `` you still have to answer the question , savannah . '' 
 her skin broke out in chill bumps and she merely nodded . 
 the entire ride home she wondered if maybe-just maybe-he thought about the same things she did . 
 the two of them together . 
 really together , not just stepping around each other in his condo . 
 but neither of them spoke of the future for the rest of the night . 
 they watched tv on the couch until savannah fell asleep . 
 cole carried her to bed , and just to see how far he 'd let things go , she changed in his room , rather than her own . 
 in the dimly lit room , she peeled off her jeans , then with her back to him she removed her sweater and bra . 
 she could feel his eyes on her bare skin - her back , her bottom , clad in just the little white cotton panties he 'd gotten for her . 
 she could hear his breathing quicken and feel the electricity flowing between them . 
 she wished she was brave enough to turn to him , to ask him to touch her , to kiss her , but of course she was n't . 
 she pulled one of his t-shirts over her head before turning to face him . 
 his gaze was intense , burning into hers . 
 his eyes travelled down from her face to her bare legs , the t-shirt hitting the tops of her thighs . 
 `` get covered up , '' he said , his voice rough . 
 savannah 's first thought was that he was mad , until she realized the roughness in his voice , his burning gaze were n't due to anger , but desire . 
 she barely contained a whimper at the realization , but did as he commanded and crawled into bed , pulling the sheet over her legs . 
 cole joined her in bed . 
 she reached for him , wanting to be closer , to tangle her legs with his , to hear him sooth her with gentle words like he did most nights , but he rolled away from her and whispered , `` not tonight , savannah . '' 
 his words erected a wall between them , and though they shared a bed , she wondered if they 'd ever share more . 
 chapter 14 saturday morning marissa stormed past cole without waiting for an invitation to enter the apartment . 
 he 'd been dodging her calls and avoiding her requests to come over for weeks - which was unusual . 
 typically where his sister was concerned , cole did pretty much whatever she wanted . 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 she asked sternly , brushing past him . 
 `` where are what ? '' 
 `` the dead bodies . '' 
 she bypassed the kitchen , stepping down into the living room and looking around . 
 `` the what ? '' 
 cole trailed after her , nervously glancing at the doorway to savannah 's room , where he was pretty sure she was hiding out . 
 `` or the prostitutes . 
 whatever it is you 're hiding from me . 
 god , i really should have encouraged you to date more . 
 i worry about you , you know . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` well , as you can see , there are no dead bodies - no prostitutes . 
 everything 's fine , rissa . '' 
 it was the nickname he given her when he was three and could n't pronounce marissa . 
 and to her dismay , it had stuck for over twenty years . 
 a noise from the guest room grabbed her attention . 
 `` what was that ? '' 
 cole shifted uncomfortably and swore under his breath as marissa started toward the room . 
 he had no idea how to explain savannah . 
 `` cole , did my timer go off ? '' 
 savannah emerged from the bedroom , wiping her hands on the apron fastened around her waist and headed for the kitchen . 
 `` oh . 
 hi . '' 
 she stopped suddenly , facing marissa . 
 marissa frowned , looking between cole and savannah and finally turned to him . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 `` this is ... ah ... '' cole stammered . 
 savannah stepped forward , offering marissa her hand . 
 `` i 'm savannah . 
 cole 's new cook . '' 
 `` cook ? '' 
 marissa 's face was full of doubt . 
 `` yes . '' 
 savannah 's gaze remained impassive . 
 she did n't seem nearly as rattled as cole felt . 
 but he supposed it was at least in part true . 
 savannah was his cook ... sort of . 
 `` i take it you 're his sister ? '' 
 savannah asked , wringing her hands in the apron . 
 marissa nodded , watching savannah curiously . 
 `` well , it 's nice to meet you . 
 if you 'll excuse me i just need to take these scones from the oven . '' 
 `` you made scones ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` from scratch ? '' 
 marissa 's eyebrows lifted . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` i do n't suppose i 've ever had a homemade scone , '' marissa commented under her breath . 
 `` would you like one ? '' 
 `` no , i would n't like one . 
 i 'd freakin ' love one ! '' 
 cole chuckled , watching the two women in the kitchen , savannah removing the baking sheet from the oven while marissa looked over her shoulder in astonishment at the lumpy scones . 
 she was a sucker for baked goods just as much as he was . 
 savannah served coffee and warm raspberry scones before scurrying off for her bedroom again . 
 she might have shown courage in meeting marissa , but cole knew she would n't be comfortable engaging in small talk or answering questions about herself . 
 getting her to open up was a slow process . 
 marissa 's grin was as wide and suspicious as a damn cheshire cat 's . 
 `` so she 's your cook , huh ? '' 
 she made a point of craning her neck to look down the hall and towards the bedroom where savannah had disappeared . 
 `` live-in cook ? '' 
 cole managed not to spill his coffee , setting the mug down with shaky hands . 
 `` yeah , cook , and ah , housekeeper . '' 
 marissa broke off a small bite of the scone and popped it in her mouth . 
 `` oh my god . 
 these are amazing . '' 
 cole relaxed into his seat . 
 savannah was an amazing cook , which lent a certain amount of credibility to their story . 
 `` so is she why you 've been hiding out ? '' 
 `` i have n't been hiding , marissa . 
 just busy is all . '' 
 `` uh huh . '' 
 pulling something over on marissa was near impossible . 
 he knew from personal experience - she 'd discovered his p * rn stash when he was fourteen , his pot when he was sixteen and of course both times she 'd turned him in to their parents . 
 she 'd always been like a second mother to him , despite being only three years older . 
 they continued with small talk , marissa complaining about her latest dating mishap - a blind date she 'd met online who 'd handed her his resume and the results of his recent physical on their first date . 
 `` i swear i attract the strangest men . '' 
 cole grunted a response . 
 he found that if he occasionally nodded in agreement , their conversations went smoother . 
 `` can i use your bathroom ? '' 
 cole perked up . 
 `` ah , yeah , just use the one in my room . 
 i 'm not sure where savannah is . '' 
 `` kay . '' 
 marissa sauntered off towards his room . 
 she was back a minute later , her face alight with playful suspicion . 
 `` cook and housekeeper huh ? '' 
 cole 's brow furrowed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` and that 's why her panties are on the floor in your bathroom . '' 
 fuck . 
 cole had forgotten that she 'd taken a bath in his jacuzzi tub that morning . 
 she 'd left behind a tiny pair of pink panties lying on the bath mat , which he 'd stood and stared at for a good ten minutes , unsure what to do with . 
 he 'd ultimately left them there , thinking maybe she 'd come back for them . 
 cole stalked from the room , grabbing the panties from where they lay on the floor and stuffed them into the bathroom drawer . 
 dammit . 
 he would not have marissa making a big deal about this . 
 he did n't want savannah embarrassed , or worse , ashamed . 
 she had n't done anything wrong . 
 but he knew that sooner or later , marissa would figure out the truth - well maybe not the actual truth - that savannah was a refugee from the cult , but most likely she 'd come to the conclusion that they were dating and then pepper savannah with questions . 
 he could n't let that happen . 
 returning to the living room , he pulled marissa aside . 
 `` listen . 
 she 's not my cook , or my housekeeper . '' 
 her mouth curled into a grin . 
 `` no shit . 
 well it 's about freaking time you started dating someone ! 
 how am i ever going to be an auntie if you do n't find a girl ? 
 i mean , i want kids of my own , but you know the next best thing would be ... '' `` stop . '' 
 cole held a hand up . 
 `` she 's not my girlfriend , either . 
 savannah 's only nineteen . '' 
 marissa 's hands flew to her hips . 
 `` damn . 
 a little young , do n't you think ? 
 and if you have n't forgotten , your date with my friend sali is next weekend . 
 i want to make sure you 're not involved with another woman . 
 girl . 
 whatever . '' 
 `` listen , i 'll explain everything to you , but i need you to trust me . '' 
 her gaze softened . 
 `` i do trust you , colby . 
 you know that . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` then come sit down . '' 
 he led her to the sofa and settled in across from her . 
 thankfully , he did n't have to worry about savannah overhearing , because just then she emerged from her room , saying she needed to take cuddles outside . 
 marissa , of course , had to meet cuddles , which resulted in lots of baby talk and snuggling the little beast . 
 cole made himself scarce , pouring them another cup of coffee and grabbing more scones . 
 once savannah was outside , cole explained the whole story about finding savannah at the compound , rescuing her from that crappy halfway house and that she 'd been living with him for three weeks in secret . 
 he knew the bureau would freak if they knew , but he did n't have it in him to send her away . 
 he left out the part about savannah invading his brain at pretty much every waking hour , making it hard to concentrate at work , the gym , and especially at home . 
 marissa remained silent while he spoke , nodding and looking concerned . 
 `` wow . 
 that 's quite a story . 
 tell me the truth , cole , are you two ... lovers ? '' 
 she swallowed roughly . 
 cole knew the wrong answer would earn him a thump upside the head , but he answered truthfully - that he had n't so much as touched her . 
 not sexually at least . 
 `` good . 
 she 's too young for you . '' 
 `` and too damaged , '' cole pointed out . 
 `` she sees a therapist though and seems to be doing better . '' 
 `` and the dog ? '' 
 `` her therapist 's idea . 
 animal therapy or something like that . '' 
 `` hmpf . '' 
 marissa nodded . 
 `` are you sure you know what you 're doing colby ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 no . 
 `` well do n't forget about the date with sali . 
 you 're still going , right ? '' 
 `` course . '' 
 crap . 
 he 'd hoped to get out of that . 
 `` i 'll go on the date-if you 'll do me a favor . '' 
 cole turned on his best pretty please for your little brother smile . 
 `` take savannah shopping ? '' 
 he fished his credit card from his pocket and handed it to her . 
 `` she needs clothes , shoes-she needs pretty much everything . '' 
 she jerked the card from his hand with a grin . 
 `` now that i can do . '' 
 savanna returned a few minutes later with cuddles nestled in her arms like she was the damn thing 's personal throne . 
 he resisted the urge to roll his eyes , and eased the dog out of her grasp . 
 `` i 'll watch cuddles . 
 i want you to go with marissa to buy some new clothes , and whatever else you need , okay ? '' 
 she studied his expression for just a second before her face broke out in a huge grin . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she lifted on her toes and planted a kiss to his cheek . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` go on now , '' he managed . 
 once savannah and marissa were gone cole was drawn like a magnet back into his master bath . 
 he pulled open the drawer containing savannah 's panties and stared down at the small piece of illicit fabric . 
 pale pink lace panties . 
 he would have taken savannah for more of a white cotton briefs kind of girl . 
 he held them up to inspect . 
 they were high cut , likely showing off generous portions of her perfect ass . 
 da-mn . 
 he tossed the panties onto the vanity and turned on the shower . 
 as steamy vapors lazily drifted toward the ceiling , he could n't resist any longer . 
 he brought the panties to his nose and inhaled the pungent feminine aroma . 
 his c * ck jumped at the scent . 
 he 'd been fantasizing about savannah for far too long and if he did n't get some relief soon he was going to combust . 
 with one hand still clutching the panties , his other worked to free himself from the confines of his jeans . 
 he was already rock hard , his dick swollen and ready . 
 he stroked himself hard and fast , pumping without mercy as savannah 's scent filled his senses . 
 his long measured strokes turned harder , uneven , as his thoughts turned towards savannah . 
 her soft skin , her preference to be held in his arms , and the light feminine scent of her skin . 
 he pumped faster , praying for relief to come . 
 his legs trembled , and he reached one hand to the counter to support his weight just as his orgasm hit . 
 chapter 15 cole and his older sister shared a resemblance in their coloring-both had dark hair and inquisitive , yet kind , mocha-colored eyes . 
 but the similarities ended there . 
 whereas cole was the strong , silent type , marissa was talkative and outgoing . 
 on the way there , she overwhelmed savannah with questions and , unused to talking about herself so much , savannah struggled to keep up as they moved through topics ranging from her upbringing to her future plans . 
 yes , she liked living with cole . 
 yes , she missed the compound , but only because of all the little ones . 
 there was always something that needed doing and she liked feeling useful . 
 no , she 'd never dated . 
 no , nothing was going on between her and cole . 
 why did everyone keep asking her that ? 
 and why did they seem surprised when she said nothing was ? 
 perhaps they thought like jacob , that a man 's only interest in her was physical , but so far cole had given her no indication that was the case . 
 marissa misread her silence . 
 `` it 's okay , you can trust cole . '' 
 savannah merely nodded . 
 somehow she knew that . 
 a few minutes later , marissa parked in the mall 's overflow lot , and then turned to look at savannah . 
 `` you ready to do some damage ? '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` sure . '' 
 they set off for the entrance , savannah hesitating at the automatic gliding doors . 
 marissa stopped at her side . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 being in public like this ? '' 
 savannah nodded , though she supposed it was a fair question , this was a new experience for her . 
 one of many lately . 
 `` are you kidding , i 've dreamt of this moment . '' 
 savannah dutifully followed marissa into at least a dozen different stores , accepted armfuls of clothes , modeled the garments in the fitting room , and graciously waited while marissa looked her over , commenting on what worked , and what did n't . 
 when they made their way up to the register , marissa piled the clothes onto the counter and handed over cole 's credit card . 
 savannah snatched back a few of the garments . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i do n't need all of these . 
 just because they fit does n't mean i should get all of them . '' 
 marissa took the items from her and handed them back to the cashier , frowning at savannah . 
 `` marissa , '' savannah pleaded . 
 `` this is too much . 
 i ca n't let cole pay for all this . '' 
 she would never be able to pay cole back at this rate . 
 marissa rolled her eyes . 
 `` oh yes you can . 
 and you will . 
 that boy 's got more money than he knows what to do with . 
 every week he stuffs his paycheck in the bank for savings . 
 besides , he told me to make sure you get everything you need . 
 if i bring you back with one little bag of stuff , he 'll be pissed . 
 trust me . '' 
 savannah could n't really imagine cole being pissed off , but she trusted marissa , and she did n't want to be responsible for making him angry . 
 especially since he had done so much for her already . 
 she nodded her head in acquiescence . 
 but savannah did draw the line at getting herself one of the gorgeous handbags she noticed in the department store they went to . 
 she did n't need it . 
 so it felt wrong to indulge at cole 's expense , despite marissa 's urgings . 
 several pairs of jeans later , more than a dozen tops , three pairs of shoes , an assortment of bras and panties , and even a little bit of makeup , savannah was exhausted . 
 they stopped for lunch at marissa 's favorite mexican restaurant , where she had her first ever burrito , a delicious vegetarian concoction . 
 she made a mental note to prepare for cole at home sometime . 
 *** `` this is it ? 
 this is all you got ? '' 
 cole pursued the half-dozen shopping bags littering the entryway to his condo . 
 `` told you . '' 
 marissa shot a satisfied look at savannah . 
 savannah walked over to cole and hugged her arms around his waist , sucking the breath from his lungs , more out of surprise than anything else . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 he patted her back carefully while marissa scrutinized them . 
 savannah shuffled off to her room , toting several of the bags . 
 `` you guys got a chance to talk ? '' 
 cole asked his sister . 
 marissa nodded , handing him the last of the shopping bags . 
 `` yes , she 's a really nice girl . 
 despite her upbringing , she 's surprisingly normal . 
 she 's got a good head on her shoulders . '' 
 he agreed , peeking into a pink bag filled with panties . 
 whoa . 
 his eyes shot back up to marissa 's , hoping his desire was n't reflected in his eyes . 
 `` yeah , thanks for taking her out . '' 
 savannah returned , carrying cuddles on her hip . 
 `` thanks for today . 
 both of you . '' 
 savannah smiled . 
 `` oh ! 
 and guess what ? '' 
 marissa asked , looking at cole . '' 
 we ran into levi outside and guess what ? 
 savannah is going on her very first date ! '' 
 marissa squealed . 
 savannah 's eyes nervously darted to cole 's , as if bracing for his response . 
 damn meddling marissa had gone too far this time . 
 way too f ** king far . 
 `` no , '' he barked out . 
 he turned to stalk off for his bedroom . 
 he heard marissa tell savannah that she 'd fix this and she trailed after him down the hall . 
 cole did n't bother to lock his bedroom door , knowing marissa would beat on it and demand to be let in , or carry on the conversation through the door , probably loud enough that the neighbors would hear . 
 he heard the door open as she slipped in behind him , but cole remained facing the window , looking down on the traffic below . 
 he did n't even want to think about savannah dating . 
 `` she 's not ready for that , rissa . 
 you need to stop interfering . 
 not everyone wants to f ** king date all the damn time . 
 just because you 're over thirty and single , and miserable being alone , does n't mean everyone else is too . 
 christ ... '' he ran his hands through his hair , pulling it in opposing angles and released a heavy sigh . 
 when he turned and faced marissa , his expression softened . 
 damn , her lip was trembling . 
 `` i was trying to help . 
 savannah 's nineteen going on twenty soon , cole . 
 she wants to date . 
 she wants to be normal . 
 she told me that herself . '' 
 `` she wants to date ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 maybe it 's time you stopped treating her like she 's some sick little kid , and let her spread her wings a little . 
 she 's young and she 's been hurt , but she 's not stupid . '' 
 fuck . 
 marissa had spent one afternoon with savannah and had already gotten more out of her than he had . 
 he looked at marissa and saw the hurt in her eyes . 
 she 'd only been trying to help , and he 'd snapped at her . 
 `` hey , i 'm sorry about what i said . 
 you know that any guy would be lucky to have you . '' 
 marissa took a deep breath and squared her shoulders . 
 `` this is n't about me . 
 tell me why you reacted like that to savannah going out on a date . '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she stepped in closer to him . 
 `` i think you do . 
 is it because you do n't like the idea of another guy with savannah ? '' 
 cole scrubbed a hand across his jaw . 
 `` i do n't want him pawing all over her . 
 she would n't know what to do , how to protect herself . '' 
 `` cole , '' she scolded . 
 `` she 's an adult . 
 she can handle herself . 
 but if you 're so worried , go with them . '' 
 ha laughed . 
 `` like a chaperone ? '' 
 `` no , you idiot . '' 
 she swatted his shoulder . 
 `` is n't levi 's mom that cougar who wants you ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 there was no denying the woman had been after him since he moved in three years ago . 
 `` so make it a double date . 
 you and the cougar , and levi and savannah . 
 it 'll be good practice for her - something normal that she can do , and you 'll be close by in case he gets grabby . '' 
 he smiled at his sister . 
 `` and who 's going to protect me when the cougar gets too grabby with me ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` i have a feeling you can handle yourself . 
 besides , maybe you 'll even have fun . '' 
 he supposed it could work . 
 there was just one little problem . 
 he did n't like the idea of anyone other than him taking savannah on her first date . 
 at least he 'd be there for it . 
 a compromise he supposed he could live with . 
 chapter 16 cole and savannah were enjoying a lazy saturday afternoon when a loud buzzing from the intercom system grabbed their attention . 
 `` are you expecting someone ? '' 
 savannah asked . 
 cole shook his head . 
 he did n't like the idea of anyone interrupting the private bubble he and savannah had created the past several weeks . 
 he punched the button on the wall . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 static crackled through the speaker . 
 `` uh , yes , my name is dillon james . 
 i 'm looking for savannah . '' 
 cole whipped around to face savannah . 
 her face had gone pale and her hands were shaking . 
 she slowly shook her head , bringing her finger to her lips . 
 how the hell had dillon tracked savannah here ? 
 cole gave a tight nod and pressed the talk button to reply . 
 `` sorry , no one named savannah lives here . '' 
 it took everything in him not to go rushing down the stairs and into the lobby to face this a ** hole . 
 he turned to savannah instead . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 her eyes remained locked on his , full of intensity . 
 `` he ca n't hear us , savannah . '' 
 she drew a shaky breath . 
 `` i just ... it 's probably stupid of me , i just do n't want to see him right now . 
 he wo n't like me living here with you . 
 i do n't want to deal with him . '' 
 cole went to her side , placing a hand on her shoulder . 
 `` it 's not stupid . 
 you do n't have to face him . 
 you 're safe here . 
 okay ? '' 
 her shoulders shook and his hand automatically rubbed out the tension . 
 it did n't escape his notice that savannah was in a near panic at both seeing dillon and fear that he 'd snap seeing savannah with another man . 
 the thought did not sit well with him . 
 he had n't been in a proper fist fight over a girl since sixth grade , but he would n't hesitate now if the occasion called . 
 she nodded . 
 `` thank you , cole . 
 for everything . '' 
 cole folded her into his arms , unsure of how to comfort her . 
 he hated that savannah had a history with that creep , and that she had grown up around men with screwed up belief systems . 
 he wished he could shield her from it all , but he 'd settle for holding her , and for her part , savannah clung to him like he was the last tree standing in a thunderstorm . 
 it broke his heart , and renewed his decision to protect her all at once . 
 *** that evening , as cole dressed in dark jeans and a light blue button down shirt , he knew he needed to tell savannah about his date with sali . 
 he sprayed a squirt of his seldom-worn cologne onto his neck , and ran his hands through his hair in an attempt to tame it . 
 he had n't thought much of going out with the girl when marissa approached him about the idea . 
 and even though only a few weeks had passed since he agreed to the date , somehow he felt closer to savannah . 
 perhaps it was seeing her with levi , or that he no longer fought off her cuddling at night , or because the other night felt like a date between them , but whatever the reason , he felt strange telling her . 
 he found her in the living room , her knees drawn to her chest on the couch . 
 `` hey savannah . '' 
 she turned to face him , cradling cuddles in her arms . 
 `` i 'll be going out later . 
 you do n't need to cook dinner tonight . '' 
 he wondered what savannah would make of him going on a date . 
 and if he was going to have the balls to tell her . 
 `` oh . 
 okay . 
 i can eat some of the leftover pizza from last night . 
 and cuddles and i will probably just watch a movie . '' 
 `` okay . 
 remember to keep the door locked . '' 
 `` i will , '' she promised . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he hesitated only a second . 
 he would n't lie to savannah . 
 besides he was free to go on dates . 
 `` my sister set me up on a blind date . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 her bottom lip jutted out just slightly . 
 `` but i 'll see you later , when you get home ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he reassured her . 
 `` i 'll be back later tonight . '' 
 it remained unspoken between them , but both knew they 'd be sleeping together in his bed later . 
 *** he set off to meet sali at the pub . 
 he 'd have preferred to pick her up , but as marissa reminded him , girls do n't let men they do n't know pick them up . 
 he could be some creepy stalker , and then he 'd have her address . 
 he assured her he was n't going to begin stalking her friend from yoga , but that had only started marissa on a whole other rant that he obviously did n't date enough if he did n't know the simplest of rules . 
 when cole entered the pub he searched out liam first . 
 a lot of times he could be found behind the bar , providing a second set of hands for the bartender rather than sit alone in his office in the back . 
 and tonight proved no different . 
 liam nodded once , spotting cole across the room . 
 liam was his last single friend , but he certainly did n't lack for female companionship being the owner of a popular bar . 
 it was meeting quality girls that he found difficult . 
 cole knew that if liam met the right girl , he would n't be opposed to settling down . 
 he and liam had been friends for over twenty years . 
 in college , they had often tricked girls into thinking they were brothers . 
 they were both a few inches over six feet , with dark hair and when neither had shaved for a few days , which liam often neglected to do , they took on an uncanny resemblance . 
 cole took a frustrated breath . 
 he was n't sure how he was going to find her . 
 he saw two single women at either end of the bar . 
 one was a knockout blonde , beautiful with legs up to her tits . 
 his sister did n't love him that much . 
 the other woman was plain brunette , a few pounds overweight and glasses so big , they belonged in another decade . 
 he shook his head , wondering if he could just slip out before she noticed him . 
 damn marissa . 
 she 'd roped him into shit like this before , always using the phrase , ` well i thought she was cute , ' to clear her conscience . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 one drink . 
 he could do this . 
 one stiff as f ** k drink . 
 he took one last wistful look at the gorgeous blonde and approached the brunette instead . 
 `` hi , you must be sali . '' 
 her face pinched in confusion . 
 `` no , sorry . '' 
 his head swung around and he met the blonde 's eyes as a slow grin spread across his face . 
 marissa loved him after all . 
 he left the brunette staring after him and approached the blonde . 
 `` please tell me you 're sali . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` cole , i presume ? '' 
 dear god , she had an australian accent . 
 his sister really loved him . 
 he slid in next to her and they each ordered a drink . 
 sali knew his sister from yoga , but marissa had n't mentioned that sali was the instructor . 
 they shared some laughs about marissa 's clumsy mishaps in yoga , talked about where she grew up in australia , and he made her laugh with his poor attempt at an aussie accent . 
 one drink turned into two , and then three . 
 she was easygoing , flirty and sexy as hell . 
 that accent had him half hard all night . 
 at first he felt guilty about leaving savannah alone , but as the alcohol softened his mood , he figured perhaps some time apart may do them both good . 
 she needed to gain some independence from him , and lord knew he needed to get her off his mind . 
 when sali excused herself for the restroom , cole took stock of how the night was going . 
 they were getting along well , and she 'd begun leaning in towards him , placing her hand on his thigh as she laughed , or finding other ways to brush up against him , like pressing her breast into his arm when she reached across the bar for her drink . 
 cole wondered if she 'd be game for continuing things back at her place . 
 sali returned with a fresh coat of pink gloss on her lips and a seductive smile . 
 finding that his patience and manners had disappeared along with that last drink , cole stood and pulled her against him . 
 `` let 's go somewhere , '' he whispered low , near her ear . 
 she smiled a little , her eyes dancing on his . 
 `` what did you have in mind ? '' 
 a playful smirk tugged on her mouth . 
 `` somewhere we can be alone . '' 
 without waiting for her to answer , cole took her hand and pulled her outside of the club . 
 they waited on the sidewalk , sali 's arms wrapped around his middle . 
 `` and here i thought you were a nice guy . 
 your sister had you pegged to be some saint . 
 i thought tonight was going to be totally dull . '' 
 `` it does n't have to be . '' 
 he leaned over and pressed a soft kiss on her mouth , testing her . 
 she wrapped her hands around his neck , pulling him even closer . 
 fuck he needed this , needed the distraction before he did something with savannah he 'd regret . 
 `` i have roommates . 
 we ca n't go my place , '' she whispered . 
 `` it 's okay , we 'll be quiet , '' he said between kisses . 
 well he would , he could n't say the same for her , since he was hoping to make her scream . 
 she pressed a hand against his chest . 
 `` i ca n't , sexy . 
 i share a room with jenny . 
 she 'll kill me if i bring a guy home again . '' 
 again ? 
 he wondered how often she did this , but let it go . 
 cole supposed he had a roommate too , though he had no idea how to explain savannah . 
 `` let 's go to your place , '' sali suggested , placing a hand over the already hard budge in his jeans and gave him a squeeze . 
 cole reluctantly agreed . 
 well , not all that reluctantly . 
 the thought of getting laid and pushing savannah into the back corner of his mind , if only for thirty minutes or so , sounded too good to pass up . 
 he only hopped savannah was n't in his bed . 
 he 'd do a sweep of the apartment first , and hell if necessary , he 'd f ** k sali in his truck . 
 cole realized he was in no shape to drive . 
 `` okay , come on we 'll grab a cab . '' 
 sali spent the ride in the cab licking his neck and gripping the hard ridge in his jeans . 
 he knew he had a freaky girl on his hands . 
 the thought made him both deliriously happy and nervous since the last thing he wanted to do was hurt savannah . 
 he warned sali that he had someone staying with him right now , and they 'd have to be extra quiet . 
 in between nibbling on his earlobe , and licking his neck , she said no problem . 
 they staggered from the cab into the stairwell , kissing and groping each other as they went . 
 `` remember , extra quiet , '' he reminded her when he unlocked the door . 
 rather than answering , sali worked her hand into the front of his jeans and gave him a gentle squeeze . 
 he closed his eyes , imaging briefly it was savannah 's hand around him . 
 his eyes shot open . 
 where had that thought come from ? 
 he would never be with savannah . 
 not like this . 
 he pulled sali 's hand from his pants and asked her to wait in the kitchen . 
 the living room was empty , which meant savannah was in bed - but he had no idea if that meant his bed or hers . 
 the door to the guest room was closed . 
 he continued past it and into his own bedroom . 
 it was empty . 
 he breathed a little sigh of relief . 
 god , he was so on edge about savannah finding out about this , he wondered if he should just usher sali out before this blew up in his face . 
 but when he turned , sali was already standing on the threshold of his bedroom . 
 `` were n't going to get started without me , were you ? '' 
 she grinned and stalked towards him . 
 he swallowed and watched her lean , lithe body cross the room . 
 he 'd be lying if he said he did n't want this . 
 his dick was already straining against his jeans , only he did n't know if it was because of the thought of savannah discovering them or because of sali 's long legs wrapped around his waist . 
 she closed the door behind her , flipped off the lights and shoved him down onto the bed . 
 his back hit the mattress with a thud . 
 sali straddled him and pulled off her shirt . 
 maybe he could just make this quick and get her out of the apartment . 
 cole moved through the foreplay faster than he liked to . 
 `` are you ready for me ? '' 
 he asked , nuzzling her neck with kisses . 
 he usually liked to make sure the girl got off at least once , and was nice and wet before he sunk into her . 
 but something told him sali would n't mind moving onto the main event . 
 she pulled her panties aside and pleasured herself while he watched , then brought her fingers to his mouth . 
 he opened obediently . 
 `` see i 'm already wet , '' she whispered . 
 good . 
 let 's get on with it . 
 listening to his inner dialogue was like having an angel on one shoulder , a devil on the other . 
 half of him wanted to f ** k her senseless , to lose himself in the pleasure , and the other half wished he 'd never brought her home so he could be curled up next to savannah . 
 but god , it was n't like he and savannah were in a relationship . 
 he should be dating other women . 
 but sleeping with them in the apartment he shared with savannah ? 
 that part was questionable . 
 cole grabbed a condom from the drawer in his nightstand and handed it to sali . 
 `` put it on me , '' he growled . 
 sali obliged , tearing the package open with her teeth , and planting a kiss on the head of his dick before rolling the condom down to the base of his shaft . 
 he picked her up under her arms and lifted her on top of him so she was straddling his lap . 
 then he folded his arms behind his head and grinned up at her in a challenging smirk . 
 he had a feeling he could bend her into a pretzel , with her being a yoga instructor and all , but somehow the idea held no appeal . 
 he could tell that sali was the type of girl who liked to be in charge , who 'd be happy to ride him until they both came . 
 she lowered herself down slowly on his shaft , throwing her head back in ecstasy as he disappeared inside her . 
 sali increased her speed , alternating between rolling her h * ps and bouncing against him . 
 she let out little breathy moans and grunts each time he hit the right spot . 
 as her speed increased , so did her volume . 
 `` yeah ... rightthere ... rightthere ... '' she moaned . 
 cole planted his palm across her mouth . 
 `` shh . '' 
 he kept his hand secured across her lips as she moved against him . 
 she was oblivious to his hand , and continued riding him . 
 after a few minutes , cole opened to eyes to see if sali was getting closer to finishing . 
 he sure as hell was n't . 
 he did n't know why , but something felt off . 
 he just could n't get into it . 
 cole noticed the room was n't quite as dark as it was before , and his eyes flashed around sali 's writhing form to his bedroom door , which was now partially opened . 
 how the hell had that happened ? 
 light from the hallway flooded the entrance to his room . 
 lifting his head from the pillow , he saw savannah standing in the doorway watching them . 
 holy shit . 
 her eyes were locked on his , blazing with curiosity . 
 his dick jerked inside sali . 
 `` oh yeah . 
 just like that , '' she moaned . 
 he clamped his hand tighter over her mouth . 
 sali was completely in her own world , not even noticing that they were n't alone , or that all of cole 's attention was on savannah . 
 savannah 's gaze flickered to sali 's back , her ass lifting up and down on cole . 
 savannah was dressed in just a pair of panties and a tank top . 
 she looked so innocent , yet completely f ** king sexy , it made him even harder . 
 her lips were parted , pulling in shallow breaths and her eyes were dark with desire . 
 savannah just stood watching them for several minutes , her eyes never wavering from his , until sali gave a little shout and then climbed off of him . 
 savannah turned and ran for her bedroom . 
 `` did you finish ? '' 
 sali asked . 
 `` yeah , '' he choked out . 
 he doubted she 'd check the condom for evidence . 
 he peeled it off and wrapped it in tissue , hoping to keep up the ruse that it was full , and threw it in the waste basket beside his bed . 
 there was no way he was going to be able to come with sali . 
 unless he replaced the image of sali with savannah , but god he could n't think like that . 
 it was n't right . 
 `` hey , i hope you do n't mind . '' 
 sali threw her top on over her head . 
 `` but i do n't like to stick around after , so i already texted my roommate to come get me and she 's here . '' 
 she held up her phone , the flashing blue light indicating a new message . 
 cole did n't plan on trying to talk her into staying . 
 `` yeah okay . 
 well , thanks . '' 
 `` no problem , sexy . 
 that was fun , yeah ? '' 
 sali slipped on the rest of her clothes , while cole stepped into a pair of jeans . 
 after seeing sali out , cole stood in the dark entryway completely bewildered and out of sorts . 
 he cursed and fought the urge to punch the wall . 
 he caught his reflection in the hallway mirror , and the pale , haunted man staring back at him was almost unrecognizable . 
 he did n't know why he had thought it had been okay to bring sali home , because it most certainly was not f ** king okay . 
 not at all . 
 he had sobered up the instant savannah 's eyes met his . 
 he took a deep breath and approached her bedroom door , which was left cracked open . 
 he found savannah sitting in the center of her bed , still dressed in just a pair of panties and white tank . 
 her gaze was cast down , and the sadness in her pose , the limp slump of her shoulders hit him like a physical pain in the chest . 
 `` savannah . '' 
 his voice broke and the ache in his chest made it difficult to breathe . 
 not getting any response from her , he approached the bed . 
 savannah 's eyes followed his feet across the carpet , until he was standing at the end of her bed . 
 she looked up at him , chewing on her bottom lip . 
 she watched him like he was some wild creature . 
 her lips were parted , her eyes wide , and her breathing shallow . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 wide green eyes studied his . 
 she nodded slowly . 
 her gaze lowered , lingering across his bare chest and stomach and stopping at the waist band of his jeans , which he 'd left unbuttoned in his haste to get sali out the door . 
 her hands toyed with the edge of her tank top , and cole 's lungs tightened . 
 what was she ... she lifted the top , exposing the soft skin of her belly and continued raising it slowly until her br ** sts came into view . 
 cole could n't help but follow her movements . 
 he bit his lip and looked down at her . 
 soft milky skin and pale pink n ** ples , tightening in the cool air . 
 fuck , she was perfect , better than his imagination . 
 he swallowed roughly . 
 `` you ca n't do that , savannah . '' 
 he reached for the discarded shirt and handed it back to her . 
 she accepted the shirt from him , only to throw it across the room . 
 damn , she was severely overestimating his self-control . 
 he 'd give his next breath just to taste her beautiful tits . 
 `` savannah , '' he ground out through clenched teeth . 
 `` get dressed . '' 
 his command sounded weak even to his own ears . 
 she sucked her lip into her mouth rolled over with a huff , lying on her stomach and burying her face in the pillow . 
 why did she seem hurt ? 
 he curled his hands into fists , then straightened them and sat next to her on the bed . 
 her fine little ass was on full display in the barely there pink panties that made appearances in his dreams . 
 his breath caught as he took in the sight of the shapely , round globes of her ass , just begging for his attention . 
 he placed his hand on her bare back , rubbing the skin between her shoulder blades with his thumb . 
 she turned her head to the side , resting one cheek against the pillow so she could look up at him . 
 `` i 'm sorry you had to see that . 
 i should n't have brought her home . '' 
 `` then why did you ? '' 
 she challenged . 
 because he 'd been thinking with his dick . 
 but he could n't say that to savannah , so he did n't say anything , and she did n't press him . 
 he continued running his palm along her back . 
 `` are you going to do that to me - what you did to her ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , '' his voice came out impossibly tight . 
 `` you 're safe with me , savannah . 
 i wo n't hurt you . '' 
 she chewed on her lip . 
 `` it did n't look like you were hurting her . '' 
 she batted her eyelashes . 
 `` savannah stop , '' he pleaded . 
 `` unless she was hurting you ... '' her brow creased . 
 he remembered the way sali had ridden him - hard and fast , just the balls of her feet on the bed , her hands pressed onto his pecs as she bounced against him . 
 `` no , '' he choked out . 
 god , she really did n't know anything about sex . 
 he could n't resist running his fingertips down her back , over her spine and up to her neck again . 
 it was a touch meant to sooth her , so why the hell was it turning him on ? 
 he wanted to ask why she 'd watched them , but held back , not sure he could handle the answer . 
 `` savannah ? 
 tell me what 's wrong , '' he coaxed , carefully rubbing her bare back , but she remained still and quiet . 
 he trailed his fingertips up to her shoulders , then back down to where her lower back dipped in . 
 he let his hands venture farther , just to the edge of her panties , before sweeping his fingers up her spine again . 
 he felt her breathing shallow out and grow faster . 
 god , how badly he wanted to touch her ass . 
 to grip it in his palms and maybe even rain little smacks across it . 
 she had a perfect ass , after all . 
 he continued massaging her back , and felt her slowly begin to relax into the mattress . 
 but then she did something she should n't have . 
 she moaned and wiggled that little ass as she got more comfortable . 
 damn . 
 unable to resist her any longer , cole brought both hands to her backside and cupped it in his palms needing to touch , to massage every part of her . 
 savannah let out another breathy moan and he thought his heart stopped . 
 she lifted her bottom just slightly , as if to meet his hands . 
 the skin was so soft , so smooth , and tempting as fuck . 
 he wanted to pull her panties down and touch her bare ass , but he did n't dare . 
 instead he continued rubbing her back , and letting his hands spend more and more time squeezing and cupping her ass as his hands wandered lower . 
 savannah 's breathing had quickened and she turned her head , no longer burying it in the pillow so she could fully watch him . 
 the agony in her expression had disappeared and was replaced by desire and that burning curiosity he 'd seen when she 'd watched him with sali . 
 `` cole , '' she whispered . 
 somehow he knew it was n't a command to stop , but an encouragement to go farther . 
 he knew he should n't , but fuck , he was so turned on . 
 just a little farther , he would n't let himself do anything he should n't , but he so badly wanted to taste her sweet skin , and feel her writhe against his mouth . 
 he trailed his hands down the backs of her thighs , tickling the sensitive skin behind her knees , and when he brought both hands up over her ass , he let his fingers slip just inside the elastic so he could feel her bare skin , uninterrupted by the fabric . 
 it was as far as he 'd go without some signal from her that she wanted more . 
 he continued kneading and massaging her plump flesh , his fingers working closer and closer to her little p ** sy . 
 he wanted to know if she was wet , because he was hard as a rock and she had n't even touched him yet . 
 she would n't even need to touch him ; he could probably come just thinking about her ass . 
 savannah 's breathing became more erratic , and she lifted her h * ps just slightly , as if giving his hands better access to touch her down below , if he wanted to . 
 with both hands now under the fabric of her panties , he bent and kissed the back of one thigh , then the other , planting open-mouthed kisses along her tender flesh . 
 when his tongue lavished the skin at the back of her knee , her h * ps shot of the bed . 
 `` ah , '' she gasped . 
 `` shh , i 'll make it better , '' he promised . 
 he kissed his way up her legs , and rained tender kisses over her backside , fighting the urge to nuzzle his face in between her cheeks . 
 he did n't want to scare her , but he did love her ass . 
 with one hand pushing aside the fabric of her panties , his other found her slick heat . 
 fuck , she was soaking wet . 
 his dick twitched against the confines of his jeans . 
 savannah pushed back against his hand . 
 he reveled in the soft feel of her little p ** sy , her plump lips , and the slick heat emanating from her . 
 he swirled one finger at her opening , gathering the moisture he found there and swept his finger over the little swollen bud . 
 `` cole ! '' 
 savannah 's voice was insistent and sure . 
 he knew he could n't leave her like this , he wanted to make her come more than he wanted his next breath . 
 he slid her panties down her legs , still leaving her lying on her stomach so her ass was on display . 
 his hands massaged the silken flesh , gripping her cheeks and spreading them so he could see the delicate pink puckered flesh there and then further down , to the slick dampness between her legs . 
 it was insanely hot . 
 his dick was harder than it 'd ever been . 
 his thumbs brushed against her backside , drawing over the tender flesh at her center and savannah 's breathing hitched . 
 he placed a kiss on her lower back and then urged her to roll over.she lay facing him against the pillow , her br ** sts rising and falling with each ragged breath she drew . 
 she was perfect . 
 her skin was taunt across her stomach and hips , her tits perky with pink n ** ples that were begging to be licked . 
 he placed a sweet , damp kiss against her cheek , just at the corner of her mouth , and then moved down , nibbling the tender flesh of her neck , planting kisses along her collarbone , over her heart , before kissing each breast . 
 his tongue lavished attention on her swollen n ** ples , suckling each one deep into his mouth while his tongue flicked back and forth . 
 savannah moaned loudly and thrashed against the pillow . 
 he shifted so he was lying beside her , his face level with her belly . 
 with his eyes on hers , he parted her legs , and lowered his mouth to taste her . 
 savannah 's head dropped back to the pillow and her eyes rolled closed . 
 he was too turned on to go slow and flicked his tongue ruthlessly against her , sucking her into his mouth until she was moaning , and writhing and calling his name . 
 a few seconds later , he felt when she came , her little p ** sy spasming like it was clutching for something to fill it . 
 but that would not be happening . 
 he 'd ice down his dick if he had to . 
 savannah was n't ready , and besides he was n't meant to be her first . 
 he kissed her thighs and belly until the aftershocks of her orgasm subsided , and then shifted on the bed to sit next to her . 
 `` colby ... '' she moaned . 
 `` i 'm dizzy . '' 
 she clutched at the bed sheets , attempting to ground herself . 
 he smiled as pride swelled inside him . 
 that must have been one powerful orgasm . 
 he smoothed her hair back from her face , enjoying the look of bliss he put there . 
 she looked up at him with cloudy unfocused eyes . 
 `` make the room stop spinning ... '' she groaned . 
 wait a second ... his stomach dropped . 
 what the fuck ? 
 `` are you drunk ? '' 
 she let out a giggle . 
 `` just a little . '' 
 `` christ , savannah . '' 
 he stood , and pulled her panties up her legs . 
 this sooo should not have happened . 
 cole stepped away from her on shaky legs and adjusted the huge erection tugging against his zipper . 
 her wide eyes followed his movements . 
 a twinge of disappointment colored her features , but cole ignored it . 
 he stalked out to the kitchen and found a bottle of vodka and the orange juice sitting on the island . 
 savannah had broken into his liquor cabinet like a damn rebellious teenager . 
 is this what her therapist had warned him about ? 
 she 'd gotten drunk , and apparently horny , and he 'd fallen for it , hook , line and sinker . 
 with the scent of her still clinging to his lips and fingers , cole fled to the master bathroom . 
 he dragged his jeans down just enough to free his erection and pumped a squirt of hand lotion into his palm . 
 he rubbed it against his cock , pumping and thrusting his h * ps in time to match his hand 's frenzied movements . 
 only a few strokes later , he came with a breathy moan , emptying himself into the palm of his other hand . 
 after washing up , he returned to his bedroom and found savannah sitting in the center of his bed . 
 their eyes locked on each other 's , and he read hers for signs that she regretted what they 'd done moments ago , but found none . 
 `` it smells like her in here . '' 
 savannah wrinkled her nose . 
 cole began working to change the sheets and pillow cases . 
 if she was n't going to bring up what he 'd just done to her , neither was he . 
 he gathered a clean set of sheets and tossed them on the mattress . 
 he would n't make savannah sleep where he 'd just bed another woman , but he also would n't turn her away now . 
 she 'd been too vulnerable , let her guard down with him completely . 
 and if this is where she wanted to be , he would n't deny her . 
 could n't . 
 not now . 
 maybe not ever . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 her voice had a pleading quality , like she needed reassurance about where they now stood . 
 `` get in bed , savannah . '' 
 she turned for the door . 
 his hand on her elbow stopped her . 
 `` no , in my bed . 
 with me . '' 
 she smiled and crawled in beside him , laying her head on his chest once they were settled in the darkness . 
 `` i do n't want you drinking , savannah . '' 
 `` i , i 'm sorry . 
 are you mad at me ? '' 
 `` no , i 'm not mad at you . '' 
 mad at himself was more like it . 
 he should n't have touched her . 
 but now that he had , he wanted nothing more than to do it again and again . 
 `` are you still drunk ? '' 
 `` i 'm not drunk . 
 i only had a little bit while i waited for you to get home . 
 i just wanted to see what it was like . '' 
 he could n't be upset with savannah . 
 he 'd left her alone tonight to go out with another woman . 
 savannah had gotten bored . 
 she 'd done what a lot of nineteen-almost-twenty-year-olds did on the weekends . 
 `` how are you feeling now ? '' 
 he asked , needing some indication of what was going on inside her head . 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` just fine ? '' 
 he smirked , turning to look at her . 
 she smiled against his skin , then yawned . 
 `` i 'm sleepy . 
 you stayed out late . '' 
 he did n't point out that she was most likely drained from the combination of the alcohol and the powerful orgasm he 'd given her , rather than the late hour . 
 `` was that okay , what happened in your room ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 it 's just ... '' `` just what ? '' 
 he prompted , his heart kicking up speed . 
 he did n't want to hear her say she regretted it . 
 he sure as hell did n't . 
 `` you did n't kiss me . 
 and you did n't let me touch you . '' 
 `` you wanted that ? '' 
 she nodded , her face still turned down . 
 `` are you a virgin ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 the muscles in her back tensed , and his hand stilled against her skin . 
 `` yes . '' 
 relief flooded his system . 
 `` good . 
 you 're going to stay that way . '' 
 `` but cole ... '' `` no . 
 do n't say anything else right now . 
 we 're not talking about that . 
 especially not when you 've been drinking . '' 
 she let out a deep sigh . 
 `` can i just say one thing ? '' 
 he clenched his fist at his side , knowing it 'd be futile to refuse her request . 
 `` one . '' 
 she took a deep breath as if preparing to give a speech . 
 `` when i 'm with dr. white , or marissa , they see me as a normal girl , with normal wants and needs - to be loved , to have physical affection-but sometimes i do n't think you see me like that . 
 you still look at me like i 'm the scared , crying girl you pulled out of that compound . 
 i just want you to know - i want more . '' 
 he took a second to let her words sink in . 
 it had only been a few weeks . 
 did she really know what she wanted ? 
 was she even capable of more right now ? 
 he did n't want to think about her dating . 
 in fact , the idea scared the shit out of him . 
 but she was a bright , pretty girl . 
 he could n't just keep her hidden away , no matter how much he might want to . 
 perhaps the alcohol had loosened her tongue some , but it was true , she did n't sound drunk . 
 not at all . 
 she sounded confident and sure . 
 `` that 's good savannah . 
 i want you to have those things too . 
 you deserve all of that and more . '' 
 but he knew he was not the man for her . 
 he could come up with a list of a thousand reasons why : he was too old for her ; she needed more time to heal ; he was married to his job ; he was n't looking for a relationship ; and the list went on and on . 
 but tell that to his body . 
 he wanted her , even though he knew it was impossible . 
 `` savannah ? '' 
 he whispered in the darkness , unable to stop himself from following up on her comment about kissing him . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` have you been kissed before ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he closed his eyes . 
 just like he thought . 
 `` okay . 
 one goodnight kiss . '' 
 he knew it was a bad idea , that it would irrevocably change things between them , but damn he wanted to taste her lips , to be her first . 
 he needed it like he needed his next breath . 
 he shifted and she lifted her head from his chest , allowing him to move over top of her . 
 he hovered over her , lowering himself slowly until their bodies lay flush - his h * ps aligned with hers , his chest just brushing her hardened n ** ples and their mouths millimeters from touching . 
 he held himself up on his elbows , and cradled her head in his hands , brushing strands of hair back from her face . 
 her breath came in fast little puffs against his lips . 
 he took his time , unwilling to rush this . 
 angling her jaw to his , he lowered down to meet her waiting mouth . 
 her lips were full and soft , and he pressed against her , deepening the kiss . 
 even if part of him knew he should n't do this , she deserved to be kissed properly for her first kiss . 
 cole parted her lips , and when her tongue met his , eager and wet as it swirled against his , his dick went instantly hard again . 
 she did n't kiss like a beginner . 
 he pressed himself into the crook between her legs , and savannah automatically wrapped her legs around his waist and let out a ragged breath . 
 the heat at her center cradled him and he ground his h * ps in closer , biting back a moan from the friction . 
 his restraint was dangling by a thread . 
 as f ** king amazing as it felt , cole broke the kiss , knowing he would n't be able to stop himself if they kept going . 
 he pressed a chaste kiss to her forehead . 
 `` there , now you 've been properly kissed . '' 
 she smiled up at him , her eyes blinking open lazily . 
 he chuckled at how damn cute she looked , sated and sleepy . 
 `` just get some rest , okay ? '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 she rolled to her side , and nuzzled into the pillow . 
 chapter 17 that sunday , like every sunday , cole prepared for his visit with abbie . 
 it was n't so much that he wanted to go , more like he was obligated . 
 he would n't break their weekly appointment simply because he did n't feel like going . 
 their relationship was much too complex . 
 he dressed casually , in jeans and a polo shirt . 
 but he added a spray of cologne to his neck just because he knew it made her smile . 
 `` savannah , i have to go out for a little while . 
 will you be okay ? '' 
 savannah crossed her arms over her chest and watched as he slipped on a pair of well-worn loafers . 
 `` of course . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` i wo n't be gone long . '' 
 she glanced around the quiet , empty apartment with a frown . 
 cole knew it probably was n't possible for her to feel at home in his stark bachelor pad . 
 she was accustomed to the noise and constant company of living with forty people . 
 the silence stretched between them , and they each refused to break eye contact . 
 he was glad she had n't asked where he was going . 
 he would n't enjoy lying to her . 
 `` i 'll only be gone an hour or so . '' 
 once outside , the sunlight was too bright , casting an overly cheery halo for the occasion . 
 the drive only took ten minutes and cole parked in front of the building , a familiar knot of uneasiness settling in the pit of his stomach . 
 he always felt dirty when he arrived here , but knew by the time he left , it would be with the relief he craved - however short-lived . 
 *** when he returned that afternoon , cole found savannah in her bedroom with clothes covering her bed and cuddles perched on a pillow to supervise . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 savannah glanced up but continued her task . 
 `` just picking out an outfit for our date . 
 i mean my date with levi tonight . '' 
 she still wanted to go on the date with levi ? 
 even after he 'd touched her ? 
 if he thought it had changed anything between them , he was wrong . 
 it was strange to realize , but he supposed she 'd needed the physical release just like he had . 
 simple as that . 
 `` is this what you want , savannah ? '' 
 she studied him for a moment , abandoning the stack of jeans and leggings . 
 `` marissa thought it would be good for me - i 've never been on a date before . '' 
 oh , if marissa thought it was okay . 
 damn meddling marissa . 
 though he supposed it was good for her to do things any normal nineteen year-old-girl would do . 
 he nodded his okay . 
 the remainder of the afternoon passed with as little talking as possible . 
 if he could have taken to grunting and pointing , he would have . 
 if savannah did n't acknowledge what happened between them , he would n't either . 
 she must have been more drunk than she 'd let on that night . 
 it was a mistake to touch her like he had , to take advantage . 
 it would n't happen again , no matter his dick 's insistent pleas every time she was near . 
 later they met levi and deb , his overly sexed mom , in their apartment for a drink before their dinner date . 
 deb greeted him with a kiss on both cheeks and a squeeze on his ass . 
 he knew he would to be batting her hands off him all night . 
 not that he really minded a squeeze here or there , he just did n't want to put savannah in an awkward position . 
 because he sure as shit was n't going to be okay with levi 's hands all over savannah . 
 just the thought sent cole 's mood south . 
 levi was her age ; cole should be happy if they hit it off . 
 but the thought of another man touching her made him shudder . 
 levi looked savannah up and down , and cole cursed his sister yet again for the provocative little outfits she 'd picked out . 
 he did n't expect his sister to buy such sexy clothes for savannah . 
 and fragrant body washes and lotions-his damn bathroom smelled like a girl . 
 he was n't used to that . 
 although upon more closely inspecting her , dressed in dark skinny jeans and a turquoise silk blouse that billowed out from her trim figure , he supposed it was n't all that provocative . 
 it was just savannah . 
 she was gorgeous . 
 she 'd still be gorgeous if she was dressed in a burlap sack . 
 savannah fidgeted , tugging on the hem of her top under levi 's inspection . 
 cole had no doubt that she was unaware of her beauty , the power she held over men . 
 but she 'd blossomed like a flower into a beautiful young woman , and he hated that no one had told her that . 
 deb was overly made up - wearing a skin tight black dress that barely covered her ass and heels so tall she teetered when she walked . 
 she was trying way too hard . 
 after greetings were exchanged , and deb had fawned over how pretty savannah was , they were led into the kitchen . 
 `` what can i get you guys ? 
 i have beer , wine ... '' `` savannah 's not twenty-one , '' cole pointed out . 
 deb waved him off . 
 `` oh relax , we 're all going to have a little fun tonight . '' 
 deb handed savannah a glass of blush-colored wine . 
 `` you always this uptight ? '' 
 she asked , handing cole a beer . 
 `` we 'll have to work on that . '' 
 `` you remember i work for law enforcement , right ? '' 
 deb chuckled , shaking her head and dismissing his comment . 
 savannah looked down and accepted the wine , but cole could see the hint of a grin on her face . 
 he sipped his beer in silence , his eyes following savannah 's movements . 
 she told deb all about cuddles and her recent shopping spree with marissa . 
 poor levi had no idea how to get himself into their conversation , and cole was n't about to help him . 
 bastard . 
 he just sat back and enjoyed listening to savannah . 
 she grew more comfortable , a little more confident with each passing day , her face lighting up as she spoke . 
 after their drinks , they headed down the parking garage . 
 cole 's tahoe was large enough for them to ride together . 
 just before they reached the car , savannah leaned in close to his ear . 
 `` are you going to invite deb over later ? '' 
 he turned to study her . 
 `` no . 
 i wo n't do that again , savannah . 
 it 'll be just you and me tonight . '' 
 her shoulders visibly relaxed , and she climbed into the backseat with levi . 
 cole was thankful that he could keep an eye on things from the rearview mirror , and he noticed savannah catching his gaze more than once . 
 they ate at a mexican restaurant , the four of them squeezed into a booth . 
 he had to hand it to levi ; he 'd opened doors and been attentive and kind to savannah so far . 
 which was too bad , because cole was just waiting for the chance to haul off and kick his ass . 
 though he supposed if he did that , he 'd get an earful from marissa about ruining savannah 's first date . 
 as long as levi did n't cross the line , he had nothing to worry about . 
 they dined on tacos , guacamole , and salsa . 
 deb had ordered a pitcher of margarita 's and pushed glass of the icy mixture toward . 
 savannah . 
 after a few sips she was giggling more than he 'd ever seen and knew the tequila was getting to her . 
 levi used the opportunity to sidle up closer to her . 
 cole kept one eye on her while he ate , and found that her gaze caught his every few seconds as well . 
 *** his watchful eyes settled on hers , calming her , providing confidence . 
 she tried to pay attention to levi , she did , but cole , trying to delicately eat his grilled shrimp tacos , was too distracting . 
 she 'd never really known it was important , but she found herself noticing and appreciating cole 's good table manners . 
 levi , in comparison , seemed like he was competing for a speed eating title , cramming a large burrito in his mouth and trying to engage her in conversation at the same time . 
 cole took his time , pausing to participate in a conversation with deb , dabbing his mouth with a napkin . 
 savannah was n't sure why , but seeing cole outside of his home was fascinating to her . 
 deb leaned close to cole , stealing a tortilla chip from his plate . 
 she leaned in a second time , grazed his neck and told him he smelled good . 
 mine . 
 the thought jumped into her mind , unbidden . 
 savannah tried to focus on her food , but her mind kept wandering to later when she would have cole all to herself . 
 she wondered if they 'd have a repeat of last night . 
 she could n't stop her gaze from admiring his mouth , remembering how soft it 'd felt against hers . 
 *** by the end of the meal , cole was ready to get out of there . 
 between fighting off deb and watching after savannah , he was on edge . 
 he 'd never had a table piss him off so bad , but he could n't see where the f ** k levi 's hands were . 
 and the beginning of a headache was piercing his temple . 
 he paid the bill for the table and stood . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 deb huffed and slugged back the rest of her margarita . 
 `` fine . '' 
 once they got home , he walked through the hall with deb , ahead of savannah and levi , allowing them some semblance of privacy before he took her home . 
 which he would be doing . 
 he would not stand by and watch levi try to muscle his way in . 
 over his dead body . 
 once they were finally alone , cole closed the door while savannah picked up cuddles and buried her face in her fur , murmuring baby talk . 
 cole stood there with a smirk , watching her . 
 savannah froze , then lowered cuddles to the ground . 
 his gaze was heavy , and the air crackled between them with the same intensity as last night . 
 he wondered if she was remembering the way he devoured her , flicking his tongue across her swollen pink flesh . 
 he muttered something about taking cuddles out for her , and he grabbed the dog to keep from grabbing savannah . 
 when he came back inside , savannah had changed into a pair of his sweatpants and a baggy t-shirt and was lying on the couch curled up in a ball , hugging a pillow between her knees . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` my stomach ... '' she groaned . 
 `` is it something you ate ? 
 maybe the mexican food did n't agree with you . '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's not that . 
 i think it 's cramps . '' 
 `` cramps ? '' 
 oh . 
 cramps . 
 he stared at her for a few minutes , wondering what he could do to ease her discomfort , but for once he was totally out of his league . 
 he pulled his cell from his pocket and dialed marissa , ducking into the bedroom . 
 `` hey rissa . '' 
 `` hey there . 
 you guys go on your double date tonight ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 that worked out fine ; but listen , i need your advice . 
 savannah 's lying on the couch and says she has cramps . 
 i thought maybe it was the mexican food , but she says it 's not that . '' 
 marissa laughed . 
 `` she has cramps - like pms . 
 she 's probably going to start her period , cole . 
 how long has she been staying with you ? '' 
 `` about a month . '' 
 `` that 's what i thought . 
 okay , here 's what you 're going to do . 
 first , i put some pads and tampons in her bathroom , so make sure she knows they 're there . '' 
 cole listened , pacing his room as marissa used words like heating pad , ibuprofen , warm bath , chick flick and ice cream . 
 `` you got all that ? '' 
 `` not really , '' he admitted . 
 `` be nice to her cole . 
 being a woman sucks this time of month . '' 
 `` dammit marissa . 
 no . 
 you talk to her . '' 
 she laughed again . 
 `` nope . 
 you can handle this . '' 
 `` marissa ... '' his warning fell on deaf ears as the phone line went dead . 
 `` dammit all to hell . '' 
 he tossed the phone on his bed . 
 cole gathered all the supplies and dumped it all on the coffee table in front of her . 
 `` here . 
 pain reliever , bottled water , a heating pad , uh ... these things . '' 
 he pushed the boxes of tampons and pads toward her . 
 `` that should cover it . '' 
 he stood and backed away from her as though she was a wild and unpredictable animal . 
 her eyes scanned the pile of supplies on the table . 
 `` what 's all this ? '' 
 `` for your ... situation , '' he mumbled , rubbing the back of this neck . 
 `` oh , thanks . 
 you did n't have to do that , cole . '' 
 his posture softened . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 and i 'm going to run you a warm bath ; marissa said it would help . '' 
 `` you called marissa ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` oh . '' 
 her wide eyes followed him from the room . 
 he filled his large jetted tub with water and a squirt of his body wash to make bubbles . 
 savannah joined him in the bathroom a few minutes later , watching as he tested the temperature of the water and set out a fresh towel on the counter . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she planted a damp kiss against his cheek . 
 he stood stock still as savannah slipped off the sweatpants and then her panties . 
 cole turned to give her some privacy as her hands went to the hem of her shirt , but even facing the other direction , her reflection was in full view in the large mirror . 
 she kept her eyes locked on his as she stripped off the shirt , and then her bra , letting all the clothes fall on the floor . 
 he was secretly glad she had cramps ; it meant he would n't touch her tonight , as much as he wanted to . 
 but she was undressing in front of him like she had no concept of how little control he had when it came to her . 
 savannah stepped carefully into the tub and lowered herself into the water until she was submerged up to her shoulders . 
 cole 's feet had refused to budge as he watched her undress , but now that she was settled in the water , with her eyes closed and a look of bliss on her face , he felt like he was intruding . 
 he let out a deep sigh of pent up frustration and left savannah alone to relax . 
 cole lay in bed that night with savannah 's warm body cuddled against him and stared up at the ceiling . 
 they could n't keep living this way . 
 he knew that , yet he did n't want to change a thing . 
 he had savannah here , safe with him , but he knew he was holding her back . 
 she needed someone to help her experience all life had to offer , to help her grow , not someone who wanted to keep her all to himself . 
 savannah 's breathing hitched and she curled her body tighter around his . 
 he wondered if she still had cramps , and absently rubbed a hand across her lower back , kneading the tight muscles . 
 cole made a decision then and there . 
 if he was selfish enough to keep savannah , he would help her live life , give her all the experiences she never had . 
 he knew that if he really wanted to help her , that meant preparing her to be able to live on her own . 
 and eventually provide for herself , even if he did n't like the idea of her leaving . 
 he wanted her to have the option . 
 cole closed his eyes and let out a deep breath , relaxing into savannah 's warm embrace and feeling confident that somehow this would all work out . 
 cole woke with a start in the darkened room . 
 he glanced at the clock . 
 two in the morning . 
 he scrubbed a hand across his face and glanced at savannah . 
 she slept peacefully beside him . 
 it had been over eight months since he 'd had one of those nightmares . 
 but the girl that he had n't been able to save had filtered back into his subconscious , probably provoked by savannah 's rescue . 
 the dreams were n't enough to force him into taking the prescription anti-anxiety pills in his bathroom cabinet , but they were enough to keep him on edge about growing too cozy with savannah . 
 he needed to stay focused on his job , and that included helping savannah get on her feet . 
 nothing more . 
 not everything was some damn love story like marissa thought . 
 not everyone got their happy endings . 
 he knew that first hand - look at his parents , or go open any of the case files on his desk at work . 
 he still could n't help his mind from replaying a thousand scenarios though - each one with him unable to reach savannah in time and witnessing her dying breath , like he had eight months ago with the other girl . 
 after her death , he 'd researched everything he could about the girl who was in the wrong place at the wrong time . 
 only seventeen , she was downtown because she had a fight with her parents . 
 he closed his eyes and pulled savannah close , burying his face in her neck , breathing in her scent and trying t to escape the vision of the girl from his mind . 
 chapter 18 cole met marissa at liam 's after work for a quick beer . 
 she 'd been bugging him ever since she met savannah , and he suspected their visit was n't a friendly sibling get-together . 
 more like a chance get the scoop from him uninterrupted . 
 liam automatically brought him a beer and marissa a glass of white wine . 
 `` thanks man . '' 
 he raised his bottle to liam before bringing it to his lips . 
 `` sooo , '' marissa drew out the word , smiling at him . 
 `` what 's new ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 `` how 's savannah ? '' 
 `` good . '' 
 she pouted . 
 he knew his one-word answers were n't going to fly , but he did n't care . 
 he did n't even understand what was going on between him and savannah , let alone trying to explain it to someone else . 
 `` how was your date with sali ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 the only thing he remembered about his date with sali was what happened afterwards with savannah . 
 her dark smoldering eyes watching him f ** k another woman was probably the most erotic experience of his life . 
 a flush of heat crawled up his neck at the memory . 
 `` do you think you 'll see her again ? '' 
 sali ? 
 `` nope . '' 
 marissa rolled her eyes . 
 `` cole . 
 talk to me . 
 what 's going on with you and savannah ? 
 are you just planning to support her , or is she going to get a job ? 
 do n't take this the wrong way because i really like savannah , but you 're my brother . 
 it 's my job to look out for you . '' 
 cole nearly laughed at the absurdity of her question . 
 `` savannah 's not like that . 
 she 's not after my money - not that i have much of it anyway-and yes i do plan to support her for as long as she needs it . '' 
 he took another sip of his beer , growing agitated at where the conversation was headed . 
 he expected marissa to probe into his love life like she usually did , not warn him away from savannah . 
 `` that 's a lot to ask of you , cole . '' 
 `` she 's not a burden , rissa . '' 
 quite the opposite , in fact . 
 `` i like having her there . '' 
 a knowing smile stretched across her lips . 
 `` what 's really going on between you two ? '' 
 `` she was completely broken when i found her . 
 i wo n't take advantage of her . 
 let it go . '' 
 marissa laughed . 
 `` you 're as blind as a damn bat . 
 i 've seen the way she looks at you , cole . 
 i do n't think you can take advantage of the willing . '' 
 what did that mean ? 
 how did savannah look at him ? 
 `` she does n't look at me any such way . '' 
 did she ? 
 marissa chuckled again , then took another sip of her wine . 
 `` she looks at you like she wants a taste . 
 and do n't get me started on how she cooks and cleans for you and basically waits on you hand and foot . '' 
 `` you 're reading too much into this . '' 
 savannah did those things because they gave her something to do , allowed her to feel useful . 
 that had nothing to do with him , did it ? 
 `` you called me in a panic when she had cramps . 
 you do n't find that ... odd ? '' 
 he shrugged , refusing to answer and focused on his beer . 
 he had n't thought it was odd at the time , but he could see how it probably seemed like something a concerned boyfriend would do . 
 `` dammit cole , she 's not the one who 's broken-you are . 
 i swear you could be in love with her and not even know it with that thick head of yours . '' 
 not likely . 
 cole intended to laugh and brush her comment off , but his mouth had gone bone dry . 
 he pulled down another sip of his beer , praying the icy liquid would clear his brain of all the impossible thoughts . 
 *** `` what would you think about me getting my driver 's license ? '' 
 savannah asked over breakfast the following morning . 
 hot coffee slid painfully down the wrong pipe . 
 cole struggled to clear his airway , unable to speak for nearly a minute . 
 savannah set the spatula beside the skillet of eggs , anchored a hand on her hip , and launched into a speech . 
 `` i 've driven before . 
 plenty of times . 
 i learned on the old pickup truck we had on the compound . '' 
 setting his mug down and clearing his throat , cole nodded . 
 `` that 's fine , savannah . 
 i 'll set up the appointment for a driver 's ed course . '' 
 with marissa 's words from the night before urging him on , and the topic of her future already broached , cole considered how to bring up the idea of savannah getting a job . 
 he did n't know what the right thing was , hell , he could pay her for cooking and cleaning his house , but he knew that was n't why she did those things and did n't want to insult her . 
 he knew she was good with animals , baking and cooking . 
 certainly there were things she could do , and perhaps even go to school if she was interested . 
 `` once you get your license , you 'll be able to get out when i 'm at work . '' 
 he poked at the second slice of banana bread savannah had set in front of him . 
 `` have you thought about what you might want to do ? '' 
 he dared a glance up at her . 
 `` i 'd like to work with children . 
 perhaps babysitting , or maybe at a daycare center . '' 
 `` that 's a great idea . '' 
 cole was surprised how easily the conversation had gone . 
 maybe savannah was ready for more , stronger than he had given her credit for . 
 he headed into his bedroom to continue getting ready for work , feeling somehow uneasy about the conversation they just had . 
 *** as much as savannah wanted to admit she was just as unaffected by cole as he seemed by her , she could n't . 
 especially since watching him with that other woman had shattered her heart into a million tiny pieces . 
 she had stupidly started to fall for him , his gentle affections , his caring nature , his strong work ethic , all of him and ever since she watched him make love to the other girl , her body had joined forces with her heart , the ache now all-encompassing , possessing her from the inside out . 
 she missed him when he was at work . 
 missed his scent , his warmth and just having someone else to share little things with . 
 like when cuddles jumped up on the couch for the first time-confused at how she 'd gotten up there-or when she finally mastered the recipe for her favorite pie that her friend melody used to make for her . 
 she practically mauled him when he got home from work , desperate for contact and attention . 
 and he always allowed it , but never encouraged anything further between them . 
 savannah knew it was time for her to find a job - to have something to devote her time and attention to that would be worthwhile , rather than mothering cole to death . 
 though he never complained . 
 but even as she planned the future , she could n't keep her thoughts from wandering to cole . 
 the way his dark intense eyes felt on her skin , his casual brushes of contact ... she doubted he had any idea how insane they made her . 
 the way he smiled when he took the first bite of a meal she 'd cooked , the way he looked with his shirt sleeves rolled up when he got home from work . 
 she found just about everything he did sexy . 
 and do n't get her started on his scent when he arrived home from the gym , skin glistening , and gym shorts hanging loose on his hips . 
 it took every ounce of strength she possessed not to jump him . 
 she 'd never had feelings like this before-not about anyone-and had finally mustered up to the courage to talk to her therapist about it last week . 
 he 'd assured her that her feelings for the opposite sex were entirely normal and to be expected , living in close quarters with someone she was attracted to . 
 but he 'd cautioned her about getting involved with cole , saying that if he did n't return her feelings , savannah would get hurt . 
 savannah had laid herself bare for cole and little good it had done . 
 sure he had been tempted enough to kiss her in all the right spots until she dissolved into pleasure , but then he 'd pulled her panties into place and left like nothing had happened between them . 
 it seemed like nothing she did made him see her like a woman . 
 he still saw that scared , life-weary girl he 'd rescued . 
 when he 'd finally kissed her-a full , sensuous open-mouthed kiss-she could tell it affected him , yet he would n't let himself go there with her . 
 she 'd briefly wondered if perhaps he was gay , but she knew he took simple pleasures from their contact , even if that was all it was - the warmth of another body . 
 so she 'd gone on the date with levi , and then this morning she 'd talked to cole about getting a driver 's license and her own job . 
 it was time to think about her future , as scary as that might be . 
 and not just because it meant relying only on herself , but because the thought of being away from cole felt like a loss she could n't handle . 
 she 'd been falling for him since that first moment she 'd seen him-weapon drawn , and his dark , intelligent eyes swept the room where she hid . 
 when cole left for work that morning , she cleaned the kitchen , polished the black granite countertops , and then positioned herself at the dining room table with his laptop . 
 she began looking for jobs and researching the cost of apartments . 
 it was time to make a plan for herself . 
 she could n't rely on cole 's generosity forever . 
 chapter 19 cole thought yoga was supposed to relax you , which was why he could n't understand why savannah had come home madder than a hornet 's nest . 
 she tossed her yoga mat in the front closet , and then retreated to the kitchen . 
 cole had figured she would have joined him in the living room to tell him all about it , talking in her excited way whenever she had a new experience . 
 he glanced at his watch . 
 dinnertime ... maybe she was anxious to begin cooking . 
 but it did n't sound like she was cooking so much as punishing the dishes . 
 `` savannah ? '' 
 cole rounded the corner to the kitchen , where the sound of clattering pots and pans was starting to alarm him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she turned briskly , holding a large chef 's knife in her hand . 
 `` whoa . '' 
 he held up his hands . 
 `` i just wanted to see how yoga went . '' 
 she narrowed her eyes , refusing to lower the knife . 
 `` fine , '' she bit out in a clipped tone . 
 he took a step back . 
 `` did , ah , something happen ? '' 
 his brows knitted together in concern . 
 `` nope . '' 
 she slashed through a ripe tomato with such force , a spray of seeds and juice misted the countertop . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 he dared a step closer . 
 `` did you have ... fun ? '' 
 she was still dressed for a work out , a pair of skin tight black pants hugging her ass in the most distracting way . 
 god bless whoever invented yoga pants . 
 her little white tank was riding up , exposing a strip of her narrow waist and lower back . 
 visions of caressing that ass in his palms , along with memories of the way her skin tasted , danced through his subconscious . 
 dear god he wanted her . 
 bad . 
 he 'd been trying to avoid being alone with her ever since he 'd surrendered and brought her pleasure . 
 as much as he wanted a repeat , he had n't dared give in . 
 all this past week , he worked late , hit the gym after work , went to liam 's pub for a drink , then came home and slipped into bed while she was sleeping . 
 of course , that had n't stopped her from curling her body around his , releasing a happy little sigh against his chest , or pulling his arm around her so they could spoon . 
 she certainly was n't shy about taking what she needed in terms of physical affection , but neither had actually communicated about their relationship , or whatever this thing was between them . 
 she dropped the knife , letting it clatter against the cutting board , her task momentarily forgotten . 
 `` fun ? 
 hmm , let 's see . 
 was it fun to see the girl you brought home twisting her body into impossible poses for ninety minutes ? 
 no . 
 i do n't suppose it was . '' 
 `` savannah . '' 
 his tone was sharp and she met his eyes . 
 `` what cole ? 
 what ? '' 
 he swallowed and tested the ground between them by taking another step closer . 
 `` first , give me the knife . '' 
 his grip closed around her wrist and with his free hand , he slid the knife further away from her , just in case . 
 he 'd never seen her so worked up . 
 they were standing just inches apart and cole could feel the heat of her skin radiating off her . 
 he could smell the sweet floral notes of her shampoo assaulting his resolve . 
 he imagined leaning in and possessing her mouth in a kiss . 
 he wanted to feel her full lips part for him , accept him , and remembering the way her little soft tongue rubbed against his made his balls ache . 
 but even as he processed all this , in just two-heartbeat 's time , he knew he would n't kiss her . 
 instead he squeezed his eyes closed , willing his hard-on to relent . 
 `` tell me what 's really bothering you . '' 
 *** savannah looked down , at war with herself over what to say next . 
 what could she say to the man who made her feel so cared for one minute and so furious the next . 
 she did n't want to seem ungrateful , but something had to give between them . 
 she needed to understand what was running through his head . 
 she 'd struggled through that night 's yoga lesson , hating that she had to watch the instructor he 'd slept with move her lithe body in all sorts of positions . 
 why did he bring her home , bring her here to live with him in the first place ? 
 why go through all this trouble if he did n't really want her ? 
 `` if you do n't want me - why did n't you just leave me where i was ? '' 
 she looked down , unable to meet his eyes , yet desperately seeking a reaction . 
 `` left you there ? 
 are you crazy ? 
 that a ** hole jacob was a whackjob . 
 you should be thanking me for getting you out of there . '' 
 `` thanking you for tearing apart the only family i knew ? 
 for bringing me here where i can do nothing but sit and worry and reflect on everything i lost ? '' 
 a silent tear skittered down her cheek before the back of her hand caught it . 
 `` i had to get you out of there , and i do n't regret bringing you here either . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i know there must be things ... people you miss . '' 
 she swallowed a lump in her throat , a new rush of emotion washing over her . 
 `` i was this close to having calista potty trained . '' 
 she held her fingers an inch apart . 
 she missed that feisty two-year-old with a mass of untamed blond curls . 
 `` she called me vannah since she could n't say my name . 
 and melody , the oldest member , was my only source of sanity . 
 she was the only one who could get jacob to see reason . 
 her blackberry pie was my favorite . 
 i had this theory that her pie alone could solve most of the world 's problems . '' 
 cole smiled and took her hand . 
 `` i remember reading about melody in the case file . 
 she 's living with her adult daughter in denver now . '' 
 savannah 's heart jumped in her chest . 
 melody and her daughter had a falling out years ago . 
 she was happy to hear they were reunited . 
 she knew everyone was going on with their lives , and she needed to as well . 
 but it was just so hard . 
 she hated not knowing what would come next for her and cole . 
 she stared defiantly at him , urging him to say something , anything that might explain what was happening between them , but he remained silent , his expression weary and unsure . 
 *** at a loss for what to say to comfort savannah , cole dropped his gaze and rubbed a hand along the back of his neck . 
 `` go shower . 
 i 'll order out for dinner tonight . '' 
 he released her and savannah stumbled away on seemingly shaky legs - from the yoga workout or from the desire escalating between them , he was n't sure . 
 he took a deep breath , trying to calm his frazzled nerves . 
 if things got any more heated , he 'd erupt in flames . 
 he dug out his cell phone and called in an order for chinese food . 
 when cole got in bed that night , cuddles was sprawled out in the middle . 
 he could n't help but wonder if savannah had placed the dog in bed to create a physical between them . 
 he lifted the sheet and pulled the comforter toward him , being none to gentle about disturbing the dog . 
 part of him hoped the damn thing would saunter back into its kennel in the guest room where it usually slept . 
 the beast was a little cock-block . 
 chapter 20 the next few weeks passed by in the same sort of careful avoidance . 
 they continued to sleep together in cole 's bed each night , but other than the cuddling , nothing physical had happened . 
 cole was sure savannah had no idea how badly he wanted her ; especially when she walked that fine little panty-clad ass around in front of him , or emerged from his bathroom only wearing a towel , still damp and pink from the shower . 
 it took every ounce of self-control he possessed not to pick her up , strip her of the towel , and pound into her again and again until he came . 
 the littlest things were starting to set him off and he was pleasuring himself more than he had since he was a teenager yet it brought little relief to the pent up desire he harbored for her . 
 but he would n't f ** k her . 
 she deserved so much more than he was prepared to offer . 
 even with the daily temptations , the weeks had passed by quickly . 
 savannah had graduated from her driving course , and last saturday he 'd taken her to get her license . 
 after picking out a car for savannah - a year old silver sedan that he was able to negotiate down in price-cole signed the paperwork and wrote out a check for the down-payment . 
 the car was nothing fancy , but you would n't know that by looking at savannah . 
 after finishing up inside , he found her still sitting in the driver 's seat , inspecting every inch of the car - flipping on the headlights , opening and closing the various compartments as if it was the most magnificent thing she 'd ever seen . 
 she peered at cole as he approached the open driver 's side door . 
 `` do you like it ? '' 
 he asked , even though it was obvious she did . 
 `` i do n't just like it . 
 this is love . '' 
 she ran her hand gently across the dash . 
 `` good . 
 because you 've got to drive it home . '' 
 her eyes filled with gratitude and she nodded . 
 `` can we stop on the way home and go out to lunch ? 
 sort of a mini celebration ? '' 
 cole glanced at his watch . 
 `` actually ... i have somewhere i need to go . '' 
 she frowned and fiddled with the keys . 
 `` oh , right ... it 's sunday . '' 
 he nodded wordlessly , his mouth going dry . 
 he 'd been waiting for her to ask about where he went every sunday , but so far she had n't . 
 and there was no way he was offering that information up voluntarily . 
 savannah did n't say anything else ; she just pulled the door closed of her little silver sedan and started the engine . 
 cole climbed into his suv and adjusted his rear-view mirror so he could look back at savannah . 
 she looked so small sitting in the car , her head poking above the steering wheel . 
 a pang of nervous panic hit him like a wave . 
 he would figure all this out . 
 he had to . 
 but first he needed to go see his ex . 
 he gripped the steering wheel and left the parking lot . 
 chapter 21 savannah slipped out of bed , leaving cole to sleep a little longer . 
 he looked so at ease when he slept , so carefree , she could n't bring herself to wake him even though he was already running late for work . 
 she made coffee and scrambled eggs , adding a palmful of shredded cheese they way he liked it . 
 just as the toast popped from the toaster , cole emerged from the bedroom , his hair rumpled like a little boy 's . 
 it did funny things to savannah 's stomach . 
 she wanted to rake her hands through that hair , and plant a kiss on his mouth . 
 instead she stood there watching him . 
 `` why did n't you wake me ? '' 
 he asked , running a hand across his hair , though his attempt at smoothing it was pointless . 
 eight hours of sleep had styled it for him . 
 none of his attempts would change that . 
 `` i was about to . 
 breakfast is ready . '' 
 he settled in at a bar stool while savannah poured him a cup of coffee and placed the steaming mug in front of him . 
 `` thanks , '' he mumbled . 
 she knew from experience he 'd be worthless until he had drank at least half a cup . 
 she took her time plating his breakfast , allowing him to enjoy his coffee in silence . 
 he placed he napkin across his lap and met savannah 's eyes as she set the plate down in front of him . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 she busied her hands , adding some eggs to her own plate before joining him at the island . 
 she could smell his manly scent - a mix of his spicy aftershave , a hint of soap and something else that was uniquely cole . 
 she hated the way it made her belly flutter and her fingers stumble over her task . 
 but she managed to lower her plate to the counter successfully and settled on the stool next to him . 
 they ate in silence and savannah was grateful . 
 cole was introspective and quiet , and it was times like this she found herself wondering what else she did n't know about this man . 
 her mind drifted to cole 's disappearances on sunday afternoons . 
 she was curious , but she had n't come right out and asked him . 
 she was grateful for cole and everything he 'd done for her . 
 somehow she knew he would tell her eventually , when he was ready . 
 until then , she would force that from her mind and move forward with her life . 
 she would n't bombard cole with questions , not when he 'd been so gentle and careful with her past . 
 and she would n't let her past sabotage her chance at a happy future . 
 after breakfast , savannah wordlessly scooped cuddles up into her arms and rocked the puppy silently against her chest . 
 unwilling in that moment to go to cole for comfort , like she instinctually wanted to , she instead settled for the sweet puppy 's affections . 
 she wanted cole to wrap her in his arms and kiss away her pain . 
 but he remained seated at the island , stabbing at his breakfast like he was thinking just as hard as she was . 
 as badly as savannah wanted to believe she was healed , whole again , she knew it was n't true . 
 she still had occasional nightmares about living at the compound , about dillon coming after her like he 'd promised . 
 and she still dreamed about her mom 's deadly aneurysm , waking teary and shaking . 
 she 'd push those thoughts away , burying the ache , and nestle closer into cole 's arms those nights . 
 that was the past , and she would n't let it hurt her . 
 in her waking hours , her fear was different . 
 so acute she could reach out and touch it . 
 she was afraid of being alone . 
 she wanted cole to notice her like a man should , take her in his arms , make her feel desired , whole again . 
 but each time she tried to show him what she needed , tempt him by curling her body around his , as if to provide him a hint of what she craved , he 'd stiffen as though he was in pain and bark out an excuse to remove her hands . 
 his rejection was slowly ruining her , causing her to wonder why she did n't fit in anywhere - why she was n't wanted . 
 perhaps if she could break down his barrier , she could show cole how good they could be together . 
 it might not change anything , but maybe it would . 
 maybe he would finally see how much she cared for him and admit he had feelings for her too . 
 chapter 22 this was a stupid idea . 
 cole peeked over at savannah , wondering if she could sense his anxious mood , but she did n't seem to suspect a thing . 
 she watched the traffic out the passenger window and hummed along to the radio . 
 he 'd gotten her out of the house on the pretext of taking her out for a birthday lunch . 
 it was n't a complete lie . 
 lunch would be involved , but that was n't the focus . 
 when he parked in front of the roller rink , he glanced at savannah she sat up straighter and stared at the building , eyebrows raised in surprise . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 cole hopped out of the truck and opened her door . 
 `` just come on . '' 
 she accepted his hand , letting him pull her from the car . 
 `` but what are we doing here ? '' 
 `` you 'll see . '' 
 he pressed his mouth into a line as the overwhelming desire to grin like an idiot struck him . 
 he paid for their admission and led a very wide-eyed and confused savannah through the skating rink . 
 the lights inside the rink were dimmed , and flashes of blues and greens sparkled across the polished wood floor , bathing the skaters in color as they whirled by . 
 pop music drowned out all conversation and kept savannah quiet as she took in their surroundings . 
 she 'd stopped walking to watch a line of skaters fly past her on the way to the rink . 
 cole grabbed her hand to urge her on . 
 he led savannah to the back party-room he 'd rented . 
 marissa had coordinated most of the details , but it was his idea to throw her a party . 
 when marissa mentioned the skating party she had when she was ten , cole latched on to the idea . 
 he liked that he could give her a childhood experience she 'd missed out on , and maybe even teach her to skate . 
 he also thought it was the perfect venue to reunite savannah with the children she still thought about daily . 
 he did n't know if savannah would break down at seeing everyone , but hoped they 'd at least be happy tears . 
 he wanted her to enjoy her birthday , not have a sob-fest on his hands . 
 but her hesitation and sudden silence had him wondering if he 'd made the right call . 
 with one hand still holding savannah 's , he opened the door to the private room . 
 they were greeted by an explosion of pink . 
 balloons , crepe paper streamers , a happy birthday sign strung from the ceiling , and a platter of pink frosted cupcakes sat on the table . 
 `` surprise ! '' 
 a dozen or so voices squealed in unison . 
 savannah 's mouth gaped , no sound escaping as she took in the little faces in front of her . 
 then she dropped to her knees and released an exhale , like she 'd been holding her breath for weeks . 
 the children ran to her , overwhelming her and knocking her back as they climbed into her waiting arms . 
 savannah 's smile was as big as he 'd ever seen it and silent tears leaked from the corners of her eyes . 
 he knew it was slightly risky tracking down the families with children , sending them an invite to savannah 's birthday party , but the risk had been worth it - especially seeing savannah so happy . 
 he 'd promised to pay their admission and skate rentals , and almost everyone had agreed to come . 
 watching their reunion made the cost well worth it . 
 once savannah was freed from the pile on the floor , she launched herself into cole 's arms , holding him tight , so tight he could n't breathe . 
 no words could adequately express how much seeing the children meant to her . 
 he l gently kissed her temple . 
 `` happy birthday , savannah . '' 
 her mouth curved into a smile and all his fears about this being a dumb idea dissolved away . 
 they spent the afternoon skating - well , wobbling across the slickened floor in rollerblades , which none of the children or their mothers had used before , and eating pizza and cupcakes . 
 cole attempted to teach savannah to skate ; a task made more difficult with children wrapped around their legs . 
 by the end of the day , a rosy-cheeked savannah said her goodbyes , and exchanged email addresses with several of the women before following cole to his car . 
 it seemed that today had given her some of the closure she needed - the ability to see with her own eyes that everyone was alive and well . 
 the deep satisfaction glowing on her features was all the thank you cole needed . 
 chapter 23 savannah returned home from her first day of work to find cole home earlier than usual . 
 and stationed in the kitchen , over a pot of spaghetti . 
 `` hey there , '' he grinned , wiping his hands on a dishtowel before coming to greet her . 
 `` how was it ? '' 
 he tipped her chin up , scrutinizing her expression . 
 she threw her arms around his midsection , burying her face against his chest . 
 `` it was amazing . 
 i was so nervous at first , even to make small talk with the girls that work there , but being with the babies all day , changing diapers , rocking them , giving them bottles , playing ... it was so fun ! '' 
 cole rocked back on his heels and smiled at her . 
 `` good . '' 
 he tucked a lock of hair behind her ear . 
 `` i 'm proud of you , savannah . '' 
 his words did more to sooth her soul than he could have known . 
 no one had ever told her that before . 
 she remained immobile , looking into his dark eyes , soaking up the attention . 
 after several seconds though , cole had n't looked away , and she grew anxious under his intense stare . 
 she licked her lips and took a step back , her eyes darting for the kitchen , needing to be anywhere but on his . 
 `` did you , um , cook ? '' 
 she asked , thoroughly confused . 
 he laughed , easy and carefree . 
 `` yeah , i tried . 
 it 's your first day of work , so i , uh wanted to surprise you . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 he led the way to the kitchen and savannah dutifully followed . 
 `` it 's just pasta and tomato sauce , do n't get too excited . '' 
 `` it smells great . 
 i think we have garlic bread in the freezer . 
 and i could whip up a salad . '' 
 she started for the fridge . 
 his hands on her waist stopped her . 
 `` nope . 
 this is my plan . 
 out . '' 
 he gave her a playful shove toward the dining room . 
 `` i got this . '' 
 savannah laughed but obeyed . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she held up her hands . 
 `` i 'll just go change , if that 's okay . 
 i have spit-up from at least three different babies on my shirt . '' 
 cole chuckled as she made her way into the guest bedroom . 
 once inside , she stripped herself of the jeans and long-sleeved t-shirt she 'd worn to work , and after a perusal of her closet , she decided on a quick shower . 
 the pasta was still boiling , so she had a few minutes at least . 
 she twisted her hair into a messy knot and felt the temperature of the water . 
 it was warm and inviting . 
 savannah stepped into the glass-enclosed shower , grabbed her loofa , and poured a glob of her jasmine-scented body wash onto it . 
 she scrubbed her entire body twice , enjoying the water . 
 she smiled at the memory of being the only one able to soothe the fussy , teething bella at work today . 
 she 'd always had a special gift with infants . 
 they were as comfortable with her as she was with them . 
 savannah washed her face , scrubbing away the day , before turning around to feel the water beat between her shoulder blades . 
 hmm . 
 that felt nice . 
 it turned out , rocking and holding babies all day was hard work . 
 but satisfying . 
 savannah turned off the water , dried herself with one of the oversized bath sheets cole used for towels and then dressed in her favorite pajamas - a pair of shorts and one of cole 's worn t-shirts . 
 she returned to the kitchen after freeing her hair and combing out the snarls . 
 `` mmm . 
 smells great in here . '' 
 cole was just plating the pasta and thick slices of garlic bread when she approached the dining room table . 
 he had n't taken her suggestion of a salad , but that was okay , this was plenty as it was . 
 `` sit down . '' 
 he gestured , pulling out her seat . 
 savannah obeyed , easing down into the seat . 
 `` thank you for cooking , '' she murmured , surveying the food in front of her . 
 it looked delicious and smelled even better . 
 `` wait . 
 one more thing . '' 
 cole returned carrying a bottle of red wine in the crook of his elbow and two wine glasses . 
 savannah eyed him curiously , but he just shrugged . 
 `` what ? 
 it 's a special occasion . '' 
 her mouth twitched with a smile as he poured them each a glass of the ruby-colored wine . 
 `` for you . '' 
 he placed the glass in front of her . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 it all felt sophisticated and elegant , having cole wait on her , and she giggled at the pleasure in this moment . 
 his eyes flashed to hers . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' she replied , fixing on a straight face . 
 cole tempted her to respond , his dark eyes locked on hers for a moment too long , before he finally pulled out his own chair and sat beside her . 
 `` so you liked the daycare ? '' 
 he asked around a bite of garlic bread . 
 `` i loved it . 
 it 's so fun watching them learn and play at this age . 
 and then when they get older , watching them grow and discover new things . 
 i think this is the perfect job for me . 
 it 's basically what i did at the compound , but i never got paid for it . '' 
 he nodded , taking a sip of his wine . 
 `` then i 'm happy for you . '' 
 why did he sound so cold ? 
 and why did n't his smile reach his eyes ? 
 he 'd been the one to encourage her to get a job , and now that she had one she liked , he was acting all strange about it . 
 she stuffed a big bite of pasta into her mouth , realizing she was famished and not all that concerned with acting lady-like around him . 
 a healthy sip of red wine followed . 
 hmm . 
 sweeter than she expected . 
 so he 'd cooked , and opened a bottle of wine ? 
 big deal . 
 it did n't make him acting all weird okay . 
 she ignored his strange mood and relayed the specifics of her day , the regimented schedule at the daycare : nine a.m. breakfast , then a diaper change , followed by morning nap , then playtime till lunch , and then the schedule repeated itself - eat , diapers , nap , play , before the parent pickup . 
 she laughed just thinking about it . 
 it had been a full and busy day . 
 but fun . 
 `` do you want kids ? '' 
 she asked , placing her fork beside her cleared plate . 
 his eyes flashed with alarm . 
 `` never really thought about it , why ? '' 
 she frowned and bit her lip . 
 `` you 're twenty-seven ; how have you never thought about it ? '' 
 `` you sound just like marissa , '' he muttered under his breath as he carried the plates to the sink . 
 savannah remained seated at the table , her face burning like someone had slapped her . 
 what was with him tonight ? 
 she finished her wine , trying to regain her composure before joining him in the kitchen . 
 he glanced at her empty glass and refilled it . 
 `` go relax . '' 
 he was acting sweet , but his words ... his words felt cold and abrasive . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 'd rather help , '' she replied , her voice coming out soft and unsure . 
 they stood side by side at the sink , savannah passing cole each dish to load the dishwasher . 
 she was hyper-aware of him : his toned forearms , his masculine scent and muscular physique that towered over hers . 
 after finishing the dishes in silence , they retired to the couch and cole turned on a movie . 
 it was all she was in the mood for-lounging on the couch-since the combination of working all day and the wine had her feeling drained , but in a good way . 
 cole settled next to her , keeping his distance , but continually refilling their glasses with wine . 
 by the end of the movie she was buzzed . 
 and dear god help her , she was horny . 
 she set her empty glass on the table , and laid her head in cole 's lap . 
 his hands found their way under her hair , massaging her neck . 
 `` you 're tense , '' he whispered . 
 she sat up suddenly , face-to-face with him . 
 `` you 're acting weird tonight . '' 
 she cringed . 
 she had n't meant to blurt it out that way . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 you did n't deserve that . '' 
 she wanted to ask him why , what was wrong , but he brought his hand up to cup her cheek , and her eyes fluttered closed at the touch . 
 his thumb gently stroked her face , the roughened callus skimming along her skin in the most tender way imaginable . 
 and all was forgiven . 
 `` for the record , i am happy for you , '' he breathed , his mouth just inches from hers . 
 savannah shifted ; a desperate need to get closer urged her into his lap . 
 straddling him , she placed her hands on the back of the couch , gripping the leather to avoid running her hands through his hair . 
 savannah licked her bottom lip , silently begging him to kiss her . 
 cole 's eyes caught the movement and his gaze centered on her mouth . 
 exactly where she wanted him . 
 his hands came up around her ribcage , not pulling her closer , not pushing her away , just holding her in place against him . 
 his thumb skittered across her side , gently stroking her over her t-shirt , so close to her breast , yet still way too far away . 
 their eyes met and savannah thought she might dissolve into a puddle if he kept looking at her like that . 
 his eyes were dark with desire , which only fueled her desperate need for him . 
 if he did n't kiss her soon , she would combust . 
 of that she was certain . 
 `` cole ... '' his name on her lips was a silent plea , a begging desperation that could only be answered one way . 
 cole gripped the back of her neck with one hand , his other still planted on her waist and pulled her mouth to his . 
 his kiss was nothing like the last time , his mouth met hers in a desperate rush , wasting no time parting her lips , gliding his tongue along hers , and tilting her jaw to take what he needed . 
 he was needy and merciless , nipping at her bottom lip and grinding his h * ps into hers . 
 her eyes drifted closed in pure bliss and she turned her mind off to every thought but one . 
 cole . 
 his hands on her shoulders reluctantly pushed her away , her lips still damp and tingling from the passion behind his kisses . 
 she fought to catch her breath , to understand why he 'd stopped . 
 `` i 'm sorry , savannah . 
 i ca n't , '' he whispered , his voice thick with tension . 
 his words were n't necessary , the faraway look in his eyes confirmed the moment had passed . 
 he was pulling away from her . 
 once again . 
 with a heavy heart , she disentangled herself from his lap and headed for the guest room . 
 she curled into a ball in the center of the bed , pulling cuddles up against her body and released a heavy sigh . 
 she struggled to understand their complicated relationship , dividing her feelings into different compartments so she could examine each one , just like dr. white had taught her . 
 first there was admiration , then attraction , then disappointment . 
 what that all added up to , she had no idea . 
 but each time cole showed a glimpse of interest , only to pull away , was eventually going to ruin her . 
 that much was certain . 
 chapter 24 tonight was a bad idea . 
 of course cole realized that much too late . 
 liam , marissa , marissa 's good friend kelly , and savannah all sat around the table enjoying drinks and friendly banter . 
 well , everyone else was enjoying those things . 
 savannah 's posture was stiff , her arms crossed over her chest , and her expression was pinched . 
 the plan was to celebrate savannah 's new job . 
 cole 's plan did not include kelly shooting savannah bitchy looks and rubbing his thigh under the table . 
 damn , could n't a man enjoy a beer in peace ? 
 he was already looking forward to later , just him and savannah in the quiet solitude of home . 
 savannah 's gaze lingered suspiciously on kelly , marissa 's very pretty blond friend , who was flirting with him ruthlessly-slowly eating the olives from her martini while her eyes remained locked on cole 's , seductively swaying her h * ps when she crossed the room , leaning in close , whispering while curling her hand around his bicep . 
 after several minutes , savannah excused herself , fleeing from the table as if her life depended on it . 
 `` excuse me . '' 
 cole jogged after her . 
 he caught up to savannah at the bar , where she stood with her back to him . 
 she stiffened when his body heat invaded her space , sensing he was near . 
 `` have you slept with her ? '' 
 she asked , her voice small . 
 shit . 
 `` kelly ? '' 
 she turned to face him and nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 a long time ago . '' 
 `` more than once ? '' 
 cole nodded . 
 a couple of times . 
 drunkenly . 
 savannah turned , storming away from him . 
 what in the world ? 
 cole caught up to her near the restrooms and gripped her elbow . 
 if she thought she could escape him , she was wrong . 
 he knew every nook and cranny of liam 's bar , and he was n't opposed to going into the ladies room after her if that 's what it took . 
 `` savannah , wait . 
 why are you upset ? '' 
 she drew in a shaky breath , her chest heaving with the effort . 
 he 'd never seen her angry before , but she seemed to be having trouble keeping herself in check . 
 `` tell me , '' he commanded . 
 tears swam in her eyes , but she did n't run , did n't try to escape again . 
 `` can i please be around just one woman you have n't touched ? 
 is that too much to ask ? '' 
 her voice was full of anger , her eyes blazing on his . 
 `` there 's marissa . '' 
 he nodded toward his sister , who watched them wearily , like she 'd been waiting for this to blow up in his face . 
 savannah sighed , exasperated . 
 `` right , marissa - the only person you 'll share yourself with emotionally . '' 
 cole 's brow crinkled in confusion . 
 `` savannah . '' 
 her name on his lips was a broken plea . 
 he knew it would n't take much convincing before he gave into the physical , but a real emotional commitment ? 
 no . 
 he could n't . 
 `` i 'm sorry i ca n't change the past and who i 've slept with . 
 i 'm sorry , okay ? '' 
 `` what are we doing , cole ? '' 
 her question pushed against his carefully constructed wall . 
 and when he met her eyes , like a crack of thunder through a vacant sky , he understood . 
 saw her and all her antics with new eyes . 
 did savannah want him ? 
 she could n't . 
 not like that . 
 what did she even know about being with a man ? 
 especially a man like him ? 
 work came first , relationships second , love maybe not at all . 
 cole looked back at their table . 
 liam , marissa and kelly were all gawking at them . 
 shit . 
 `` come here . '' 
 he took savannah 's hand and pulled her further down the back hallway that led to the restrooms . 
 it was n't private , but at least they would n't have a table of spectators . 
 once it was just the two of them in the dimly lit hallway , cole could feel the heat from her skin , smell the scent of her shampoo , and see the pulse thrumming in her neck . 
 maybe privacy was a bad idea . 
 *** they were barely out of sight , and savannah was in his arms . 
 she did n't want to need him like this-to use him for her comfort-but she had little choice . 
 `` savannah ... '' he dislodged her hands from around his waist , holding her at arm 's length . 
 `` tell me what you 're thinking . '' 
 she hated the way her body betrayed her when cole was near . 
 especially since he was so oblivious to her . 
 she released her hold on him , clasping her hands in front of her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , this is hard for me . 
 i just hate knowing that you touched her . '' 
 she looked down , unable to meet his eyes , too nervous to see his reaction . 
 she 'd struggled all night to figure out what his motivation was . 
 why did he bring her home in the first place ? 
 why plan this celebration for her ? 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` that happened before i ever knew you . 
 it was a long time ago , and it wo n't happen again . '' 
 she swallowed a lump in her throat , trying to talk herself out of feeling so emotional , but it was no use . 
 she wanted more from cole . 
 she needed more . 
 and she had no idea how to tell him . 
 she would have to show him . 
 she could n't keep living like this . 
 he opened his arms , seeming to sense the shift in her mood . 
 `` come here . '' 
 her heart rate kicked up and she stepped into his arms , allowing him to hold her . 
 and all was right with the world . 
 she closed her eyes and rested her head on his chest . 
 *** why did he keep f ** king up with her ? 
 he needed to get his body in check , not allow it to react when she was near . 
 she was soft and innocent and needing comforting - that was all . 
 what she did not need was him getting wood every time she was in the room . 
 christ , what was he , seventeen ? 
 his hands smoothed over her bare arms . 
 she was so soft , so lovely and she felt so familiar to him , molded to his body like this . 
 `` just take me home ... '' she murmured lightly , still resting her head against his chest . 
 he would n't push her to stay out . 
 tonight was supposed to be about her - a celebration to show her he was proud , but he could tell it was too much too fast . 
 she was n't ready . 
 `` tell me what 's wrong first . '' 
 he struggled to keep his pulse under control and waited for her response . 
 he knew that whatever savannah wanted he would give her . 
 and that f ** king terrified him . 
 `` i want all of this , i do . 
 my own life , a job , an apartment . 
 i want to live , cole . 
 fully live . 
 not have you watching me every second for signs that i 'm about to lose it . 
 who knows , maybe i will at some point ; but we all do sometimes , right ? '' 
 he did n't know if that was a jab at him , and his own nightmares . 
 he raised his hand as if to stop her , but savannah pushed it away , and continued . 
 `` and i need you , cole . '' 
 `` you have me , '' he murmured , bringing a hand to her waist . 
 `` you know that , right ? 
 christ savannah , give me a break . 
 this is uncharted territory for me , but you have to know that i 'd do anything for you . 
 i 'll do anything to keep you safe and protected . '' 
 `` cole ... '' her voice was a soft plea . 
 `` i need more than that . 
 you must know how i feel about you ... '' her confession floored him . 
 how had they gotten here ? 
 then he remembered the meals she 'd lovingly prepared for him , the puppy he 'd brought home for her , the new wardrobe , running her bubble baths . 
 shit . 
 he never intended for her to read more into it . 
 she deserved taking care of , especially in the fragile state she 'd been in . 
 he closed his eyes , preparing to explain to her why that could never happen , yet failing to find the words , failing to find a single reason why he should n't take her home right now and strip her nak * d . 
 she could n't possibly understand the crazy things that swirled through his head , how hard she was to resist for all these many weeks . 
 she stepped in closer , testing his resolve . 
 `` please cole . '' 
 he could no longer deny the compelling feeling that she was supposed to be his . 
 he felt the first pang of it when he found her in that dingy back bedroom . 
 she was the brightest thing in that place - a light of wonder emanating from her green eyes even that day as she drank him in . 
 and as hard as he 'd fought it , every day he spent with savannah only secured her place in his heart a little more . 
 `` if we do this ... it 's on my terms , savannah . '' 
 she nodded , even though her eyes betrayed her confusion . 
 but it was enough of an agreement for him . 
 he could end it at any time . 
 he would call the shots . 
 `` come on . '' 
 he grabbed her hand , lacing their fingers and roughly pulled her toward the exit . 
 `` what about ... '' she gestured to the table . 
 `` i 'll text marissa and tell her you were n't feeling well . '' 
 she nodded and allowed him to guide her to the door . 
 *** once they were inside cole 's bedroom , the air between them hung thick with anticipation . 
 though they had shared his bed for several weeks now , this felt like something else entirely . 
 something pre-mediated . 
 cole took an uneasy step toward her . 
 the thought of taking their easy relationship somewhere new scared him , and he could n't say why . 
 but when savannah bit into her soft bottom lip and her gaze fell to his belt buckle , all coherent thoughts escaped him . 
 he 'd wanted this for too long , and now she was offering herself up to him . 
 he waited to see what she would do . 
 it was the one promise he 'd make himself . 
 it would have to be her . 
 she 'd have to make the first move if she really wanted him . 
 but then he supposed she already had . 
 was n't that what the night with sali had been about ? 
 she watched from the doorway and when he went to her room ... she 'd been the one to remove her shirt , to tell him , wordlessly what she wanted . 
 he 'd listened , on some primitive level , and obeyed enough to give her what that moment required , but nothing more . 
 he did n't take her then . 
 and would n't now unless he knew it was exactly what she wanted . 
 when savannah ventured a step closer to him and her eyes raked over his body , all self-control was lost . 
 `` i 'm done , savannah . 
 i 'm done resisting you . 
 i 'm done pretending i do n't want this . '' 
 she whimpered softly and met his eyes . 
 hers were wide with fear ... or curiosity , he did n't know which . 
 did n't care . 
 he needed to be inside her . 
 `` take off your top , '' he ordered . 
 savannah lifted the shirt over her head and deposited it on the floor by her feet . 
 she removed her bra next , letting it land by her shirt . 
 her chest was exquisite , just a palmful really , but creamy soft skin , and pale pink n ** ples he hungered to taste . 
 `` and now the skirt . '' 
 her fingers fumbled with the button , and once it was free , she began thrusting it down her hips . 
 `` slowly , '' he whispered . 
 savannah caught his eyes and her movements slowed . 
 she carefully pushed the material over her bottom and down her legs , bending at the waist while her eyes watched his . 
 his lips separated and he sucked in a deep breath . 
 `` just like that , baby . 
 nice and slow . 
 i 've been waiting for this too long to rush through it . '' 
 once she was standing in front of him , dressed in just her panties , cole drew her to his chest and held her there , her feminine form molding to his masculine one . 
 he held her for moment , needing to feel the warmth of her skin pressed his against his , and the steady thump of her heartbeat against his chest . 
 he tipped her chin up with one finger and bent to kiss her , to worship her mouth like she deserved . 
 she parted her lips , accepting him , rubbing her tongue against his . 
 the raw need in her kiss pushed him over the edge , and he pulled away , breathless . 
 `` undo my pants , '' he growled between kisses . 
 savannah looked down at his belt buckle like it was some foreign contraption . 
 he lowered his head to kiss her again and felt her hands working to free the clasp , before moving on to the button on his jeans . 
 with one hand cradling her jaw , his other reached down to assist , lowering his zipper , and pushing his jeans down his thighs . 
 savannah broke the kiss to look down , and he watched as she became acquainted with his erection for the first time . 
 still clad in black boxer briefs , he was barely contained , tenting the material rather impressively . 
 savannah reached down and , with a single fingertip , touched him . 
 his dick jumped . 
 her face awash with desire , she reached out to touch him again , gripping his length through the material . 
 fuck . 
 the grip of her tiny hand was a thing of magic . 
 he fought with himself , locking his knees and struggling to keep himself in check . 
 he wanted to yank the boxers down and let her explore , but his need to touch her first won out . 
 he lifted her underneath her arms and placed her carefully on the bed . 
 she let out a surprised gasp , but stayed put on the center of the bed . 
 cole joined her , lying on his side . 
 filtered moonlight and the dim light from the hallway cast enough of a glow to watch each other . 
 really see each other for the first time . 
 knowing this moment was about to change everything between them , cole took his time , forcing his heart rate to slow . 
 he admired the beautiful girl in his bed . 
 he 'd spent every night with her for several weeks now , but he usually did his damnedest to avoid checking her out . 
 now , he did n't hold back . 
 his eyes raked over her skin - the soft , lovely curves of her br ** sts , her smooth shoulders , and the dip in her stomach that led to shapely hips . 
 her eyes wandered his physique too , a little smile on her lips as she looked over his torso . 
 she placed a single hand on the center of his stomach , letting it glide up and over his pecs , then down over his abs again - but not going any lower . 
 he could see her pulse thrumming incessantly in her neck , practically hear her erratic heartbeat in the weighty silence of the room . 
 but she did n't look afraid , more like curious about what would happen next . 
 cole let her touch him , remaining still and silent . 
 chill bumps broke out over his skin as desire and need raced through his system . 
 her hand met the waistband of his boxers before skittering away to move back up his chest . 
 her palm settled over his heart , which was f ** king pounding against his ribcage . 
 she smiled softly at him , leaving her hand to rest there as if saying , it 's okay , i feel it too . 
 he explored her body next . 
 he 'd resisted for too long . 
 his fingertips traced her hip bone , her skin warm and incredibly soft . 
 he trailed his index finger up the center of her stomach to the patch of skin between her br ** sts , wanting to take them in his hands , hell , wanting to take them in his mouth , but he paused , resting his palm against her chest . 
 she met his eyes , seeking approval , seeking ... assurance about how he felt . 
 but rather than answer her unspoken question , about what this meant between them , he leaned over and pressed a soft kiss to her mouth . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 her eyes flickered open , finding his . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he remembered how responsive she 'd been the one and only time he 'd allowed himself to touch her , and could n't wait to see her come undone again , to watch her back arch and hear her call his name . 
 he lifted up on one elbow and kissed savannah deeply , their mouths fused together in a hot mass of sliding wet tongues and lips seeking ... always seeking . 
 with his mouth firmly over hers , cole 's hand moved of its own accord , need spiking inside him strong and sure . 
 he palmed her br ** sts , his thumb grazing her nipple . 
 she inhaled sharply at the contact , but his hand continued its path south , not stopping until he was cupping the mound of sensitive flesh between her legs , his fingers pushing past her panties to brush lightly against her bare skin . 
 her mouth stilled on his , falling open when his fingers glided over the seam of her p ** sy , parting her to caress the sensitive nub . 
 his fingers sought and rubbed , soft touches designed only to bring her pleasure . 
 her eyes remained on his , a little crease lining her forehead , like she was silently fighting with herself . 
 her body wanted this - she was already wet - but he could tell her mind was racing . 
 *** `` cole ... '' she gripped his wrist , preventing his hand from going any closer to the spot she wanted him . 
 `` savannah ? '' 
 his voice was thick with desire . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have ... do you need me to stop ? '' 
 `` just give me a second ... '' she squeezed her eyes closed , needing to think . 
 the first time he 'd touched her , she was tipsy from the alcohol and so desperate for contact after watching the erotic scene with sali . 
 jacob 's gruff voice had been decidedly absent during her first encounter with cole . 
 but now , stone sober , with him looking at her like he wanted to eat her alive , his hot thick erection pressing against her hip , she needed a minute to gather her thoughts . 
 or more aptly , to turn off the unwelcome thoughts currently swirling inside her head . 
 he shifted on the bed , rising up on his elbow to look down at her . 
 `` tell me what you 're thinking . '' 
 his features were washed in pale blue moonlight and his eyes were dark with concern . 
 she swallowed and let out a sigh . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 jacob always said that men wanted only one thing from a woman-the pleasures of the flesh . 
 and once they had what they wanted , they left . 
 they always left . '' 
 she twisted her hands in her lap , hating her nak * dness in this moment , wishing she could draw the sheet up over her chest without seeming overly uptight . 
 `` i want to ... but i 'm just ... scared . '' 
 he drew a deep breath , his chest lifting as his lungs expanded . 
 `` you 're afraid that 's all i want from you ? 
 or that i 'll leave you after ? '' 
 `` both i guess ... and if you do n't want me here after this , i do n't have enough for an apartment yet ... '' `` savannah , '' he groaned . 
 `` this is n't all i want from you . 
 i 've been fighting myself constantly ; i should n't want this at all . 
 i convinced myself that all i wanted and needed from you was the chance to take care of you like you deserved . 
 to keep you safe . 
 to help you to be happy . 
 and then you totally shocked me . 
 you were confident and determined when most would have been terrified . 
 you were teaching me . 
 you refused to crumble ; you have strength where i do n't . '' 
 `` of course that 's not true . 
 you 're insanely strong , '' she scoffed . 
 he glanced down and shook his head . 
 `` i promise you i 'm not . 
 but we 're getting off topic . '' 
 he clasped both of her hands between his . 
 `` what jacob told you was bullshit . 
 some men are a ** holes , sure , but not all . 
 and you have way more to offer than that bastard gave you credit for . '' 
 she twisted her hands together , trying to process his words . 
 if she was being completely honest , she knew her fears were about more than just what jacob had taught her . 
 she 'd witnessed cole 's track record with women , his casual attitude toward sex , and this was n't just some physical act to her . 
 it was so much more . 
 `` it 's not just what jacob said ... i 've met some of the women you 've slept with , cole . 
 i do n't want to be part of that pattern . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 'm not getting this right . 
 i 'm not good with feelings and declarations of emotion ... but i want you here , savannah . 
 and we do n't have to do ... this . 
 i just like having you with me . 
 you smell nice . 
 you cook for me , you hum when you carry cuddles around the house - which is the worst name ever , by the way - and after having you live here with me , i 'm terrified i wo n't be able to go back to living alone . 
 so you better not go anywhere . '' 
 she dared a glance at his eyes again . 
 his brow was crinkled in concentration and his look was determined and sure . 
 he was telling the truth . 
 he felt something for her . 
 even if it was n't love ... she knew it was close . 
 and she would take it . 
 take him and everything he had to offer her . 
 realizing that jacob was wrong , at least about this one man made her chest tight . 
 `` cole . '' 
 the word broke across her lips . 
 there were no words to describe how she felt in that moment . 
 `` i 'll always want you here . 
 and it 's not because of this ... '' he smoothed a hand across her nak * d physique , giving her a shoulder squeeze . 
 his words gave her the courage to continue . 
 jacob would n't rob her of this experience . 
 she would n't let their pasts taint it . 
 she could n't summon the words to tell him what she wanted , but she knew she could show him . 
 savannah crawled on top of cole , settling against the length of him . 
 his arms automatically surrounded her , pulling her to his chest and rubbing her back . 
 savannah could feel his erection had softened , and she feared that the moment had passed . 
 she did n't want to be responsible for ruining her first time . 
 she angled her mouth up to meet his and pressed a soft kiss against his jaw , the corner of his mouth , his bottom lip . 
 he responded slowly , carefully , tenderly kissing her back , but much more delicately than before . 
 his fingers laced in her hair , his other hand cupped her jaw . 
 she wanted to show him she was ready for more but did n't know what to do , how to recapture the moment . 
 she separated his lips with her own and felt a low rumble in the back of his throat when their tongues met . 
 she felt his manhood thicken and stir to life beneath the fabric of his boxers . 
 she broke the kiss , needing more , wanting to be closer . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 `` yeah babe ? '' 
 his breathing was ragged , like he was doing everything in his power to let her go slow . 
 too bad she was done with slow . 
 she bit her lip and reached a tentative hand between them as if seeking his permission . 
 `` savannah ? '' 
 `` i want you ... '' she murmured lightly , raking her nails along his chest . 
 `` i want to touch you . '' 
 he groaned in relief and pushed his boxers down his hips . 
 she moved next to him , allowing him to remove the last stitch of clothing between them . 
 her hand moved on its own , needing to touch the fine hair trailing down his lower stomach . 
 his breath caught in his throat when her fingertips meant his skin and she smiled , liking the effect she had on him . 
 she reached lower , testing the weight of his thick length in her hand . 
 `` cole ... show me ... '' she breathed against his mouth . 
 her eyes locked on his . 
 the mocha-colored depths that always held the promise of protection now swirled with something much more . 
 the promise of complete and total sexual satisfaction . 
 savannah knew he would own her if he so chose . 
 and she wanted nothing more . 
 she wanted to loose herself in cole , to experience everything she could . 
 to enjoy this moment like it was her last . 
 *** he needed to feel the warmth of her hand against his skin before he came just thinking about it . 
 he pressed a soft kiss to savannah 's mouth and reached for her hand . 
 she carefully took his considerable length in her palm , as if unsure what to do with it . 
 `` touch me , baby , '' he encouraged , guiding her hand down his manhood . 
 he closed his fist around hers and demonstrated , drawing his hand up the length and squeezing over the head . 
 a curse rumbled through his chest , breaking from his lips in a desperate cry . 
 her hand stilled , and for a moment his own palm fluttered over hers , ready to encourage , to show her what he liked , but when he saw her uncertain gaze , he stopped himself and balled his fists at his sides instead . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 you do n't have to do anything you 're not ready for . '' 
 `` it 's not that . '' 
 she brought her index finger to him and rubbed the drop of warm fluid at the tip without knowing how amazing that simple touch felt to him . 
 `` i want to taste you , '' she murmured . 
 his heart kicked at her confession . 
 the honest need in her voice was the most erotic thing cole had ever heard . 
 would ever hear , he was certain . 
 `` fuck , savannah . '' 
 she remained stock still , her eyes still on his . 
 `` sorry , '' he muttered an apology for the curse . 
 he never realized what a dirty mouth he had until savannah arrived , but she did n't seem to mind . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 she smiled . 
 she crawled down his body until she was face-to-face with his insanely hard c * ck jutting out in front of him , as if seeking out savannah , begging for her attention . 
 determined green eyes met his . 
 `` tell me if i do something wrong . '' 
 he doubted that 'd be happening . 
 she could practically look at his dick at this point and he 'd love it . 
 `` do n't worry about that . '' 
 she could n't do anything wrong . 
 well , he supposed that was n't entirely accurate . 
 he considered warning her to be careful of her teeth , but decided against it . 
 he 'd gently correct her if it was an issue , but until then , he 'd let her explore without any fear or self-consciousness . 
 savannah sat back on her heels , lifted his c * ck away from his body and then lowered her head . 
 with eyes locked on his , she planted a tender kiss against the head . 
 he was already leaking pearly fluid , and his scrotum was drawn tight against his body . 
 he was poised and ready to explode . 
 she took him into the depths of her warm mouth . 
 his h * ps shot forward off the bed , but she welcomed the intrusion , suckling at his most sensitive skin . 
 `` fuck baby . 
 yeah . 
 just like that ... '' he stroked her jaw , pushed her hair back from her face , and palmed her cheek . 
 he watched savannah kiss and lick the length of him and was lost to the mind-numbing bliss of the moment . 
 she was so nurturing , so giving in everything she did , and pleasuring him was no exception . 
 she left everything on the table , licking , kissing and stroking him as if her sole purpose was to please him . 
 soon savannah was clenching her thighs together and moaning for her own release , and he had n't even touched her yet . 
 he pulled himself free from savannah 's mouth and hauled her up his body . 
 `` my turn , '' he explained at the surprise on her face . 
 cole settled her against the pillow so she was lying next to him . 
 he dropped a kiss to her lips , then slid his middle finger into her mouth , wetting it . 
 she drew the digit in without question , swirling her tongue against his skin . 
 `` we need to make sure you 're ready for me , '' he explained . 
 she looked down at his long cock , resting heavily against her hip and then back up at him . 
 `` will it hurt ? '' 
 `` at first , yes but i 'll do my best to go slow . '' 
 she nodded , trusting him . 
 when his finger slid inside her slowly , carefully , savannah 's mouth dropped open . 
 and when he drew it back and began f ** king her with his hand , just a little faster with each stroke , savannah 's knees fall apart and dropped her head back against the pillow . 
 his other hand joined the fun , rubbing slow circles against her flesh , unwilling to rush her . 
 soon she was soaking wet and moaning his name , and seconds later , with her head thrown back in ecstasy , she came for him . 
 cole planted wet kisses all along her throat , refusing to ease up until he 'd milked every last ounce of pleasure from her . 
 after several minutes of nuzzling against her neck , and kissing her through all the small aftershocks of her release , savannah crawled on his lap to straddle him , placing a knee on either side of his thighs . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 he did n't respond . 
 he knew what she was asking for , and unable to deny her , he reached for the side table and grabbed a condom . 
 she watched as he put it on , her gaze flickering back and forth between his eyes and his manhood . 
 he could read her expression as if she 'd written it out . 
 she was trying to understand where exactly he was going to fit that . 
 `` savannah , we do n't have to . '' 
 her eyes captured his . 
 `` i want to . '' 
 she planted her palms on his tense stomach muscles , and lifted herself up , trying to find the right angle . 
 `` come here . '' 
 cole pulled her down onto his chest , needing to kiss her . 
 he planted sweet kisses along her mouth and throat . 
 he understood the gravity of this moment , of what she was giving him , and he would n't rush it . 
 not when they were so close . 
 she deserved to be worshipped and taken care of her first time . 
 he would do everything in his power to make it what she deserved . 
 `` just relax , babe . 
 let me . '' 
 savannah relaxed in his arms , and cole kissed her deeply as he reached behind her , holding himself in place until savannah began to ease back , taking him in . 
 she ran her hands over his chest and closed her eyes , a look of concentration settling over her features . 
 then she eased down on him , lowering her h * ps so he sunk inside her in mind-blowing slowness . 
 blinding pleasure rocketed through him . 
 fuck , she was tight . 
 she rocked against him , pulling him deeper in tiny increments . 
 `` shit ... '' he bit back a groan . 
 savannah 's eyes widened and found his , blinking down at him . 
 damn she looked so innocent , he almost questioned what he was doing . 
 almost . 
 but they 'd gone too far to turn back now . 
 he was inside her sweet pink p ** sy , slick with moisture and heat . 
 he would n't talk her out of this , not now . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 he asked instead , needing to hear her say it was all right to continue . 
 she nodded , and leaned forward to kiss him , gliding her tongue against his . 
 pleasure shot straight to his balls , drawing them up close to his body . 
 he held her close and punctuated each kiss by lifting his h * ps to ease deeper inside her . 
 her soft grunts and groans matched his thrusts , eating away at his self-control . 
 he knew he would n't last long . 
 `` does it feel good ? '' 
 he asked , slowing his pace . 
 savannah opened her eyes , her bright green gaze blinking at him in wonder . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 her cheeks were flushed pink and he could n't resist watching her enjoyment . 
 she 'd stopped moving against him and allowed him to hold her h * ps while he thrust up into her . 
 sex was a physical act , so why should he feel more ? 
 but he could n't deny that he 'd never felt closer to anyone . 
 savannah broke through all his barriers . 
 she was needy , yet giving , sensual yet innocent , trusting and timid . 
 she 'd put both their pleasure , the whole experience , in his hands and the gravity of the moment was not lost on him . 
 he slid in again , exquisitely slowly until he was buried deep again . 
 her breath hitched , catching in her throat . 
 `` does it hurt ? '' 
 `` only a little . '' 
 damn , he was hoping it did n't , but it was to be expected . 
 it was her first time after all . 
 `` do you want me to come ? '' 
 he breathed against her mouth . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he pulled out and situated her so she was lying back against the pillows . 
 he preferred being on top - being the one in control-and it was a sure fire way to get him to come quickly . 
 he gripped her hips , his fingers clutching to pull her towards him with each thrust . 
 her groans grew louder , less contained , and cole found himself being more vocal than usual . 
 `` god you 're beautiful ... '' a few more thrusts . 
 `` oh fuck ... '' his hand snaked between them to bring her pleasure , rubbing , circling , using their moisture to send her over the edge again , and watching her come apart again sent him tumbling along after her , cursing and gasping as her tight channel milked him dry . 
 chapter 25 savannah and cole had fallen asleep cuddled together , exhausted and spent after their love making the night before . 
 cole stretched his arms over his head , his neck cracking with the effort . 
 savannah mumbled something in her sleep and then rolled over to find him , drawing her body tightly against his . 
 he smoothed a hand along her hip , pulling her even closer . 
 he was glad to see that in the sober , stark morning light , things did n't feel awkward between them . 
 it was the opposite , in fact . 
 this felt incredibly natural . 
 savannah sleepily smiled and nuzzled against his neck . 
 `` morning , '' she breathed against his skin . 
 `` morning . '' 
 he was suddenly aware that she was wearing one of his t-shirts with nothing on underneath , and that he had slept nude for the first time since savannah had moved in . 
 memories of the previous night played at the edges of his mind , savannah 's determination to please him , her tiny whimpers and flushed pink skin , the way she gripped his biceps when he sank into her . 
 his c * ck stirred to life . 
 he traced a fingertip over her hip , pushing the t-shirt up and out of his way . 
 savannah trembled as the pad of his finger slowly caressed her . 
 his hand moved down to cup her pubic bone , and she let out a groan . 
 he rolled over , so they were facing each other in the center of the bed , the covers strewn about them , providing a warm cocoon . 
 he lowered his mouth to hers , kissing her softly at first . 
 savannah , ever responsive , moaned quietly against his lips . 
 she draped her leg across his waist , and pulled herself in tighter against his body . 
 `` you 're not too sore , are you ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 she had n't been up and out of bed yet either , but cole nodded . 
 `` good . '' 
 his hand found his c * ck and he stroked it slowly , bumping against her thigh with each stroke . 
 savannah 's eyes widened and then cast down to watch his movements . 
 she bit her lip and whimpered , her hands scrambling to join his . 
 once her warm hands were stroking him , cole brought his hands to savannah 's face . 
 he held her jaw and kissed her deeply , sucking her tongue into his mouth . 
 a sound from beyond his bedroom door captured their attention and they broke apart , breathing raggedly . 
 `` what the fuck ? '' 
 he muttered . 
 `` wait here . '' 
 he sprang from the bed and pulled on a pair of pajama pants before going to investigate . 
 marissa was in his kitchen , fumbling with the coffee maker . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he fumbled to tie the string on his waistband , panic rising that marissa would know he 'd slept with savannah . 
 but unless she 'd checked the guest room and found it empty , maybe their secret was still safe . 
 she set the coffee to brew and turned to face him . 
 `` liam and i both crashed here last night . 
 hope that 's okay . 
 we were too tanked to drive . '' 
 he swung around to the living room and found liam still sleeping on his couch . 
 where had marissa slept ? 
 `` we both just crashed on the couch . 
 it was no big deal . '' 
 marissa did n't know . 
 relief flooded his system . 
 he did n't even process that liam and his sister shared a couch . 
 `` yeah , no problem . '' 
 he ran a hand across his hair in an attempt to smooth it down . 
 savannah emerged from the bedroom , dressed in jeans and one of his sweatshirts that hung nearly to her knees . 
 `` i was cold , '' she explained at his and marissa 's stares . 
 cole studied her for clues about how she felt about last night . 
 he could n't believe he 'd allowed things to go as far as they did . 
 but savannah 's smile as she flitted past him and into the kitchen calmed him ever-so-slightly . 
 if she did n't regret it , he would n't either . 
 plus it was hard to regret the best sex of his life . 
 cole escaped the kitchen , needing a cold shower and time to collect his thoughts . 
 he returned fifteen minutes later , no further along in understanding what was happening between him and savannah . 
 the scent of bacon frying quieted his worries for the moment . 
 as usual , savannah had cooked enough to feed twenty people . 
 she still did n't have portion control mastered , having cooked for an entire compound of people in her past life . 
 she arranged a platter of homemade blueberry muffins , a warming tray containing scrambled eggs , and a plate piled with crisp bacon on the center island , before turning to pour cole 's coffee . 
 cole 's gaze flashed to marissa . 
 her eyes followed savannah 's movements , watching her fuss over cole , adding milk to his coffee , and setting his ipad on the counter next to him . 
 and she 'd been watching too when cole had run point on morning duty , taking cuddles outside to do her business , and then adding a scoop of food to her bowl in the kitchen . 
 they moved about each other effortlessly , yet with obvious care and reverence . 
 `` cole , can i have a word ? '' 
 marissa asked . 
 he glanced up from his ipad , a strip of bacon halfway to his mouth , and sighed . 
 `` sure . '' 
 his eyes travelled between marissa and liam 's form , stretched out on his couch , looking damn smug . 
 he 'd need to get to the bottom of that later . 
 his sister was off-f ** king-limits and liam should have known better . 
 but cole stood and followed marissa into the laundry off the kitchen . 
 she slid the pocket door closed behind them . 
 `` do i want to know what happened between you and liam last night ? '' 
 her lips twitched as she fought a smile . 
 `` probably not . '' 
 `` fuck rissa . '' 
 he crossed his arms over his chest and glared . 
 `` that 's not what i brought you in here to discuss . '' 
 her hands flew to her hips . 
 `` i want to talk about what 's going on between you and savannah . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 he would n't go there with marissa . 
 he would n't even go there in his own mind , and there was no point in talking about something he did n't even understand . 
 `` nothing to talk about . 
 she needed a place to stay - i gave her one . 
 you already know that . 
 end of story . '' 
 `` cole , you 've never been good at relationships . '' 
 `` exactly . 
 so when are you going to stop trying to set me up ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` that 's not what i 'm talking about . '' 
 he waited impatiently , tapping a bare foot against the wood floor . 
 `` you ca n't deny that you 're different with savannah . 
 you 're in tune with her emotions , her needs . 
 i 've never seen you like this . '' 
 he opened his mouth to respond , but found himself speechless . 
 he could n't deny he was in tune with savannah ; he knew her body 's yearnings , read her emotions better than his own . 
 but it was only because she was in his care , and he took that responsibility seriously . 
 perhaps he 'd softened these past few years watching his friends get married and have babies . 
 and then having savannah in his life had pushed him over the edge . 
 he drew a deep breath . 
 `` listen , savannah has a job now , and she 's saving up for her own apartment . 
 i 'm helping her out , sure , but this is a temporary situation between us . '' 
 even as he said the words , part of him hoped they were n't true . 
 marissa frowned and shook her head . 
 `` that 's what i was afraid of . '' 
 she patted his chest . 
 `` you , my brother , are an idiot . '' 
 cole remained speechless in the center of the laundry room as marissa opened the door and strolled away . 
 he shook his head and followed her back to the kitchen . 
 chapter 26 cole had gotten rid of marissa and liam after breakfast , then he 'd carried savannah back to bed . 
 she had begged him to let her shower first , and he 'd finally released her . 
 `` try and make it a quick one . '' 
 as she stood in front of the large mirror waiting for the water to heat , savannah looked at the nude reflection before her . 
 her chest was high and perky , her stomach soft , but mostly flat , her thighs a bit bigger than she would have liked , but she could n't deny that for the first time - maybe ever - she felt beautiful . 
 whenever cole looked at her , a certain flush caused her cheeks to glow , her stomach to flutter , and she felt completely wanted and desirable . 
 but last night was the first time he 'd acted on the desire she 'd sensed burned inside him too . 
 she was happy and relieved to see that the harsh light of morning , and marissa 's pointed stares , had n't done anything to dampen his interest . 
 as soon as the front door had closed on their overnight guests , cole had pulled her mouth to his , his hands settling on her hips . 
 they 'd kissed softly , deeply , unlike the frenzied storm of last night , while he walked her backwards down the hallway towards his bedroom . 
 then he 'd lifted her as though she weighed nothing at all and placed her carefully in the center of the bed and just looked at her . 
 savannah tucked away the memory of hunger burning in his dark gaze and stepped under the stream of water . 
 the blissfully hot spray cascaded down her body and , even though she wanted to stand there and enjoy the warmth , she found herself rushing , if only to get back cole a little quicker . 
 she lathered her hair with the pink grapefruit shampoo and then tipped her head to rinse the suds . 
 after working the conditioner through her long strands , she stepped out of the direct spray of the water to soap up her body from head to toe . 
 once she was sure she was clean , she rinsed her hair and shut off the water . 
 it was only then she noticed a large form on the other side of the glass . 
 her heart flew into her throat . 
 `` cole ! '' 
 she grabbed a towel from the hook and quickly wrapped it around herself . 
 `` you scared me . 
 how long were you watching me ? '' 
 he looked down sheepishly . 
 savannah 's gaze followed his . 
 oh my . 
 his large erection pressed against the thin cotton pants . 
 `` long enough , '' he muttered , his voice thick . 
 she smiled and her heart began to slow . 
 she grabbed a second towel to wrap around her dripping hair . 
 `` i 'm just going to jump in quick . '' 
 cole gave her a kiss and then stepped out of his pajama pants and into the shower . 
 the idea of watching cole shower was more appealing than going to get dressed , and she stood there momentarily distracted by the streams of water running down his lean body , over the lines of his six-pack abs , and she shivered . 
 her gaze wandered lower . 
 he was still half-hard and she felt herself growing warm all over . 
 wanting to step under the water with him , she made herself flee the bathroom and darted to the guest room . 
 she dressed in panties and a tank top and partially dried her hair so it did n't turn into a crazy frizzy mess . 
 then she waited for him in his bed . 
 she pulled the sheets around her body and snuggled in to his pillow , inhaling his scent with each breath . 
 cole emerged a few minutes later , his skin still damp and glistening with tiny droplets of water , and a white towel fastened around his hips . 
 `` you better not have gotten dressed under there , '' he whispered , leaning down to plant a kiss on her mouth . 
 she swallowed . 
 `` you 'll just have to come find out . '' 
 if this is what flirting was like , sign her up . 
 cole made her feel alive and deliriously happy , like all her senses were heightened and she would never stop smiling . 
 but she did n't have much time to examine her feelings , because he let the towel drop from his h * ps and stood before her , fully hard and insanely hot . 
 savannah gave in , throwing back the blankets and crawling across the bed until she was face to face with his manhood . 
 kneeling on all fours , she aligned her mouth with his waiting cock . 
 he looked down and stroked her jaw . 
 savannah placed sweet kisses along the head and shaft , but when her tongue darted out to taste the tip , his h * ps jerked forward and he let out a groan . 
 enjoying having him completely at her mercy , savannah wrapped a hand around his base and slipped her mouth around him , sliding back and forth . 
 he cursed and buried his hands in her hair . 
 she began losing herself in his pleasure , rocking her h * ps and adding little moans of her own . 
 cole 's hand moved from her hair , trailing down her back and cupped her ass . 
 his fingers found their way inside her panties to her damp center . 
 he massaged that spot he seemed to instinctually know brought her pleasure . 
 she gasped and rocked against his hand , while continuing to pleasure him with her mouth . 
 savannah was soon soaking wet and ready , and cole 's firm hand on her jaw brought her back to reality , if only for a second . 
 she lifted her eyes to his , her mouth still full of him . 
 `` fuck , that 's a pretty sight . '' 
 he stroked her cheek with his thumb , and watched in reverence as she continued her slow , steady movements . 
 the desire etched into his features was about to undo her . 
 cole suddenly lifted her , situating her so she was on her back so fast she was n't even sure what had happened . 
 he peeled off her panties and then he was on top of her , pushing her tank top up to kiss her br ** sts . 
 `` are you sure you 're not too sore ? '' 
 his eyes flicked up to hers while he planted damp kisses all along her chest and in between her br ** sts . 
 she knew what she wanted , and it was n't to discuss that . 
 she wrapped a leg around his hip , pulling him in closer . 
 `` cole . 
 condom . 
 now . '' 
 he chuckled against her throat and released her only long enough to fumble at the nightstand . 
 she heard the sound of a package crinkling and then he was back to kissing her . 
 their mouths moved together in a frantic collision of gliding tongues and subtle moans . 
 cole lifted himself off of her just enough to reach between them . 
 his eyes stayed locked on hers as he positioned himself at her entrance and gently pushed forward . 
 she wrapped both legs around his back , locking her ankles and angled up to meet his careful thrusts . 
 he planted a soft kiss on her mouth and pushed forward again , slipping inside her in a blinding sensation of heat and fullness . 
 her back arched from the bed and he tucked his face in against her throat , kissing and murmuring sweet things ... how good she felt ... how beautiful she was . 
 savannah squeezed her eyes closed and matched his pace , forcing her h * ps up off the bed to angle towards his . 
 his mouth was everywhere-near her ear so she could hear his throaty gasps , on her neck , kissing and nibbling against her tender flesh , covering hers in a scorching hot kiss . 
 she writhed underneath him , heading closer and closer to ecstasy with every brutal thrust , each sweet kiss . 
 `` cole , '' she moaned , lifting her h * ps to his one final time as wave after wave of pleasure rocketed through her core . 
 he slowed his pace , seeming to understand her need to ride out the intense burst of pleasure for as long as she possibly could . 
 she released a final groan and scraped her nails down his back as she grasped at something to hold onto , something to ground her . 
 cole took her hands , pinning them above her head and increased his rhythm , pounding into her at a steady pace until she felt his entire body stiffen and jerk , and she knew he had found his release , too . 
 he collapsed next to her in a heap , pulling her body to his so that her back was pressed to his front . 
 he draped a heavy arm around her waist , anchoring her to his chest . 
 savannah closed her eyes and released a soft sigh , feeling safe and happier than she ever remembered . 
 chapter 27 cole 's phone chimed with a new message . 
 he untangled his arm from around savannah and punched in his security code to unlock it . 
 shit . 
 it was a text from sali . 
 up for hanging out later ? 
 savannah lifted her head from his chest and he dropped the phone onto the coffee table in front of them . 
 when he dared a glance down at savannah , he could have sworn he saw tears swimming in her eyes , but she blinked and the effect was gone , making him wonder if he 'd only imagined the tears . 
 they 'd been in a state of bliss for weeks-having regular sex and sleeping together in cole 's bed every night . 
 damned if he 'd let sali ruin it . 
 he cupped her cheek in his palm . 
 `` hey , i 'm staying in tonight . 
 just you and me . '' 
 she managed a smile and he leaned in to kiss her . 
 `` okay , '' she breathed . 
 he guided her head back to its spot in the crook between his shoulder and neck . 
 sali had texted him a few times over the past couple of weeks , and he 'd tried to let her down gently , but apparently it was time for brutal honesty . 
 he was n't interested . 
 but he did n't want to respond right now . 
 seeing the hurt in savannah 's eyes was too much . 
 he still did n't know what this thing was with savannah , but he knew these past few weeks with her had changed him . 
 she 'd given herself up so willingly ; she was so vulnerable and giving , it tore him open . 
 he was just waiting for her to see through him . 
 there were times when she looked at him , really looked at him , and he wondered if she saw his need to keep everyone at arm 's length , unable to love after so much loss . 
 they had yet to have any sort of relationship discussion , but cole had no intentions of dating anyone else right now . 
 and though his head continued to be at war with his heart , he justified his relationship with abbie . 
 it was n't really cheating since he was n't sleeping with her . 
 was it ? 
 fuck . 
 he knew savannah was too young for him , that she 'd need to spread her wings and explore , but for now , he was happy that he was part of the growth . 
 and more than that , when he got too close , he hurt people . 
 abbie was the perfect example of that . 
 he could n't live with himself if he did to savannah what he did to abbie . 
 he would do everything in his power to shield savannah from his past , even if it meant concealing the truth from her . 
 for now . 
 he also did n't know how abbie would react to him having someone else in his life , and he was n't looking forward to having that particular conversation . 
 when had his life gotten so complicated ? 
 he pulled savannah closer and tried to push everything else from his mind . 
 lingering fears over that weirdo dillon kept him on edge , but savannah 's sweet presence in his life eased some of his tension . 
 he did n't want to worry just now . 
 he smoothed a hand over savannah 's arms , caressing her lightly . 
 he would handle it and keep her safe one way or another . 
 he had to . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 she lifted her head . 
 `` hmm . '' 
 he absently trailed his fingers along her arm . 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 the hair on the back of his neck rose . 
 crap . 
 he knew that this conversation was going to be about more than which movie to watch next . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` what 's going to happen to us ? '' 
 he had n't been prepared for question . 
 though any other topic was fair game between them , they 'd refused to talk about the future , sticking to topics no further ahead than what to do for dinner , next weekend 's plans , or at the furthest-when cuddles ' next set of puppy shots were due . 
 they 'd existed in their own little bubble , taking pleasure from each other 's bodies and living comfortably together . 
 but savannah 's whispered conversations on the phone with marissa about apartment decor were not lost on him . 
 he wondered if she was still planning on moving out , despite the intimacy of their new relationship . 
 which was for the best , he told himself . 
 he had no delusions of true love , soul mates , marriage or kids . 
 it was easier , and a hell of a lot safer , to be on his own . 
 he could n't accept just yet that savannah might be the one to change his mind . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 he asked , stalling for more time . 
 `` i just wonder sometimes what you ... want . '' 
 her expression was so open , so honest , he could read her like a book he turned to face her , holding her jaw in his hand . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere , savannah . '' 
 he pressed a soft kiss to her mouth . 
 he knew it was n't exactly the declaration of love and commitment she probably wanted , but it was as close as he could get . 
 there was still too much she did n't know about him , too much she would n't understand . 
 this is what he had to offer - protection , devotion and mind-blowing sex . 
 he hoped it was enough . 
 because , damn it , he could n't offer her more . 
 not with his spectacular track record for botching the shit out of relationships . 
 she nodded , seeming to accept his non answer , and leaned in for another kiss . 
 if the physical was all they would share , neither of them seemed willing to squander it . 
 their kisses turned heated , and he pulled her into his lap , his mouth moving down her throat as her hands worked their way under his shirt , tenderly massaging the muscles in his back and reaching around him to run along his tense abs . 
 he yanked his shirt off over his head and her shirt and bra soon followed , landing on the floor between the couch and coffee table . 
 she rocked her h * ps against his , discovering he was already hard . 
 watching her confidence grow , seeing the look of desire reflected in her eyes , sparked his own need . 
 he gripped her arms , pinning them to her sides . 
 he 'd discovered that just as much as he liked taking charge , savannah enjoyed being man-handled . 
 she folded her arms behind her back , interlaced her fingers and thrust her chest out . 
 he held her hands with one of his and worked his other into the front of her jeans . 
 he feasted on the warm tip of each breast until savannah was crying out and had worked her hands free to tug on his hair . 
 cole shifted her on his lap - providing just enough room between them to undo his jeans and free himself . 
 savannah crouched in front of him and peeled off her jeans . 
 cole assisted , tugging the material down her legs until she could kick the jeans to the floor . 
 she watched as he made quick work of putting on a condom , then sunk down onto him without hesitation , surrendering as he filled her . 
 `` god , you 're tight . '' 
 he pressed a kiss to her mouth . 
 she gripped his shoulders , her nails biting into his skin , and began to rock against him . 
 watching her move above him , testing and finding her rhythm , was the hottest thing he could 've ever imagined . 
 her tight body riding his was too much . 
 his head dropped back against the sofa and his eyes drifted closed . 
 she placed a palm on either side of his face and he opened his eyes . 
 she leaned in to kiss him , their tongues colliding and breaths mingling . 
 `` cole ... '' she grunted , bracing her hands on his thighs as she lifted up and down . 
 `` you feel too damn good . 
 how is this even possible ? '' 
 `` because it 's us , '' she said simply . 
 he believed her assessment . 
 wholeheartedly . 
 but would n't deny the fact that scared the shit out of him . 
 he had never known a better lover , which made no sense , considering savannah 's lack of experience . 
 their bodies fit together like two halves . 
 there had n't been any hint of a fumbling , awkward stage like he 'd known with previous lovers . 
 their bodies were so in-sync , they seemed to anticipate each other 's movements and respond in turn , bringing pleasure that he had n't known could exist before savannah . 
 her flesh gripped him from the inside out , and he felt her begin to tremble . 
 she rode him fast and hard as she reached cli ** xed , whimpering a series of tiny moans then fell forward onto his chest , completely spent . 
 watching savannah orgasm quickly brought him to his own cli ** x . 
 she no longer seemed capable of moving against him ; he gripped her waist and lifted her up and down on him a few final times until he followed her over the edge . 
 chapter 28 cole shoved his feet into his shoes and wandered to the kitchen . 
 `` i have to go out for a little bit . '' 
 he rested a hand on her hip and leaned in for a kiss . 
 her eyes flew to the clock on the stove . 
 he knew that his sunday appointments were becoming a point of contention in their relationship and a source of burning curiosity for savannah . 
 she opened her mouth , the question right there on her tongue , but paused . 
 what would he say if she finally had the courage to ask ? 
 she closed her mouth and nodded . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he left a few minutes later . 
 he was tired of feeling like he practically needed to sneak out of his own house on sunday afternoons . 
 he hated the guilty feeling that followed him as he drove . 
 he did n't like leaving savannah . 
 he did n't like that he had to do this . 
 but this was what needed to be done if he wanted to right his past wrongs . 
 and he owed her this much - one hour of his time . 
 and he knew savannah would never understand it . 
 *** savannah dutifully followed marissa from store to store , until her back ached and her arms quivered from carrying all the shopping bags . 
 they ended up at liam 's pub for a drink . 
 liam poured them each a glass of chilled white wine and set a bowl of salted almonds in front of them . 
 savannah noticed his eyes strayed to marissa 's every few minutes , regardless of who he was serving at the bar . 
 savannah took a sip of her wine . 
 mmm . 
 sweet notes of pear and a crisp apricot finish met her tongue . 
 her mind wandered for the hundredth time to cole and his hasty departures on sundays . 
 she considered asking marissa about it , but decided against it since she was n't sure she could handle the information . 
 `` can i ask you about cole ? '' 
 savannah bit her lip , the butterflies taking flight inside her . 
 `` sure . '' 
 marissa shrugged , popping an almond into her mouth . 
 `` cole 's sort of ... '' she frowned struggling for the right words . 
 hard to get to know ? 
 closed off ? 
 `` emotionally stunted ? '' 
 marissa offered . 
 savannah exhaled , a breathy little laugh escaping . 
 `` yes . '' 
 marissa nodded and smiled weakly . 
 `` you care for him . '' 
 it was n't a question so savannah did n't bother to answer . 
 was it that obvious ? 
 marissa contemplated the contents of her wine glass , twirling the stem in her hands . 
 `` there 's something i want to tell you . '' 
 the feeling that the next few minutes were going to change things considerably pulsed low in savannah 's stomach . 
 marissa confirmed that several months ago , cole confided in her about his night terrors . 
 he would n't talk about it for the longest time , but marissa was unrelenting after he began losing weight and dark circles etched themselves under his eyes . 
 he 'd confided in marissa about a case where an innocent girl was caught in the crossfire and ended up taking a bullet before he could take the suspect down . 
 marissa forced him to go to a doctor ; he got on prescription anti-anxiety medication and sleeping pills that he took for months after her death . 
 but he never really properly dealt with things , or accepted that her death was n't his fault . 
 `` but they were never involved ... romantically ? '' 
 `` no . 
 they 'd literally just met . 
 cole was there when she died and he blamed himself that he could n't protect her . '' 
 stunned into silence , savannah nodded . 
 he was rehabilitating her , not because he had feelings for her , but because of his guilt over another girl 's death . 
 `` are you okay ? 
 you 're pale , '' marissa said . 
 savannah 's ears thundered with the sudden rush of blood , but she managed a nod . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i just did n't know . '' 
 marissa patted her knee . 
 `` i figured as much . '' 
 marissa polished off the rest of her wine , and waved liam off at his offer of a refill . 
 `` my brother 's falling for you . 
 he just does n't know it yet . 
 be patient with him , okay ? '' 
 savannah nodded , her mouth dry and her stomach turning somersaults . 
 `` can we go ? '' 
 she knew cole would be back from whatever it was he did on sundays and they needed to talk . 
 marissa nodded , left a large tip for liam , then drove her home . 
 after wrestling in shopping bags of clothes she no longer even remembered buying , savannah scooped cuddles up into her arms and headed outside , not quite ready to face cole . 
 when she reentered the apartment , she found him in the kitchen , digging through the take-out menus . 
 `` hey , i did n't know when you 'd be home , so i figured i 'd order out tonight . '' 
 savannah released a squirming cuddles to the floor and stared at her feet . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 hot , salty tears stung her eyes . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 chapter 29 the single tear rolling down savannah 's cheek held him immobile for a moment . 
 `` savannah ? '' 
 he stepped in closer , guiding her by the elbow towards the sofa . 
 `` tell me what happened . '' 
 she fell to the couch , curled her legs under her , and let out a deep sigh . 
 `` i talked to marissa today . '' 
 `` okay ... '' he braced himself , unsure what was coming . 
 `` she told me about the girl ... that passed away . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 cole feared it was something far worse , something he 'd kept buried away from everyone . 
 but even as his pulse spiked , he knew it could n't be . 
 because that was something not even marissa knew . 
 and he hoped she never would . 
 in a shaky voice , savannah admitted to cole that she feared it meant what was between them was n't real . 
 he 'd never considered the connection , but when confronted with the information - the link was obvious . 
 of course what he felt for savannah was in a whole other league , his feelings for her much more intense . 
 christ , he 'd been sharing his home with her for months now . 
 `` that 's all i was to you ? 
 someone to save since you could n't save the last girl ? '' 
 the tears flowed freely , and she curled into herself , hugging her knees to her chest . 
 `` savannah ... that 's not ... '' `` i needed saving at one time , but not anymore ... not now . 
 now i just need ... '' she paused , breather breathing shaky . 
 `` tell me . '' 
 he pulled her closer , forcing her to disentangle from her perch on the couch . 
 `` to be loved . 
 to be accepted . '' 
 the deep knot that had been sitting inside his chest broke , and he drew a deep breath as though it was his first . 
 his resolve broke away and he pulled savannah to his chest . 
 `` shh . 
 it 's going to be okay . 
 i promise you , you 're so much more to me than a lost girl to save . 
 maybe that 's all this was at the beginning , but not now . '' 
 it was the most he could give her . 
 he could n't promise her a future or unending love and devotion . 
 his heart was little more than a scrap of flesh in his chest . 
 it had been obliterated and smashed into tiny pieces one too many times . 
 and his dirty little secret - the reason he left every sunday-was going to be the final straw that drove her away . 
 if they declared their love for each other , it would only make their eventual falling out that much worse . 
 savannah 's hot tears dampened his neck and ate away at his control . 
 she pulled in a shaky breath at an attempt at getting her emotions under control . 
 `` cole . 
 that was n't your fault . 
 you need to move past it . 
 overcome this fear of losing someone because you could n't save that girl . '' 
 a timid frown pulled at his lips . 
 he hated how she looked at him . 
 like he was the one who was damaged . 
 `` god , savannah , you should be with someone who teaches you how to live life , not someone who 's scared to live it , too . '' 
 `` so we 'll teach each other . 
 we 'll take things one day at a time , be there , discover new passions and dreams together . 
 we 'll hold each other at night when the fears try to creep back in . '' 
 he looked at her with anguish . 
 if he could give her the world , he would . 
 but he would n't have her settle . 
 not for him . 
 not when she deserved so much more . 
 he did n't think there was ever two people better suited for each other , but something inside him seized up and he could n't say the words . 
 he could n't tell her everything would be okay , he could n't promise her forever . 
 not with all his baggage . 
 silent tears streamed down her cheeks , and cole wiped them away . 
 `` do n't cry . 
 i 've got you . 
 i 'm right here . '' 
 he rubbed her back , and she let the tears come . 
 cole continued rubbing her back , murmuring soothing endearments near her ear , and most of all , he just held her and let her break down . 
 he felt sure that her collapse was more than just from the information marissa had shared with her . 
 he 'd been waiting for everything to hit her for some time now . 
 and it seemed it finally had . 
 eventually her sobs quieted into little hiccups and cole urged her from the crook of his neck that she 'd claimed as her own . 
 she covered her face with her hands . 
 `` do n't look at me . 
 i 'm hideous . '' 
 he chuckled and removed her hands . 
 `` you 're not hideous . '' 
 her eyes were swollen and red , her skin splotchy . 
 `` you need a tissue , maybe , but you could never be hideous . '' 
 she smiled and playfully swatted his hands away . 
 `` i 'm sorry i 'm such a girl . '' 
 he leaned forward and kissed her forehead . 
 `` never apologize for that , babe . 
 trust me , i 'm very glad you 're a girl . '' 
 he wiped his thumbs underneath her eyes , capturing some of the black mascara pooled there . 
 `` go get in bed . 
 i 'll get the tissues . '' 
 she nodded and headed off down the hall . 
 cole joined her in bed , his hands full with cuddles tucked under one arm and a box of kleenex in the other . 
 `` special delivery . '' 
 he smiled , placing the over-excited puppy on the bed . 
 she quickly bounded over to savannah and began licking her face . 
 savannah giggled and set the puppy on her chest , patting her back . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 cole tucked the blankets around her . 
 `` just get some rest , and i 'll take care of ordering dinner . 
 any special requests ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` anything is fine . 
 but no pizza . 
 oh , and maybe some dessert . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` anything , as long as it 's not pizza and includes dessert . 
 you got it . '' 
 he turned off the lights and left , the heavy feeling once again settling inside his chest . 
 seeing her reaction tonight brought resounding clarity to his sunday excursions-he could never ever tell her about abbie . 
 it would break her . 
 *** the following morning cole laced up his running shoes . 
 on his way to the running trails , he passed by his suv and caught sight of s a white piece of paper tucked under his wiper blade . 
 a sinking feeling in his gut told him this was n't an advertisement like solicitors sometimes left , blanketing all the cars . 
 his training kicked in . 
 he glanced around at his surroundings , but nothing was out of the ordinary . 
 he plucked the scrap of paper and unfolded it . 
 you took something of mine and i will be back for her . 
 fuck . 
 shivers crawled up his spine and his muscles tensed . 
 he had been fearing for weeks that dillon would reappear . 
 he pocketed the paper and tore back up the stairs toward savannah . 
 he kicked off his running shoes in the foyer , thankful that savannah liked to sleep in on sunday mornings . 
 he debated what he would tell her when she woke . 
 at least the building required a key to enter . 
 he ran a hand through his hair . 
 he did n't want to alarm savannah , but was it even safe for her to go to work tomorrow ? 
 he paced the kitchen to avoid punching the wall . 
 he needed to get his shit together and have his game face on by the time she woke up . 
 he pressed the heel of his hand against his heart . 
 fucking chest was tight again . 
 he made a cup of coffee and brought it to the breakfast bar with trembling hands . 
 he was too keyed up to sit , so he stood there , sucking down sips of the too hot coffee . 
 he would n't tell savannah . 
 not yet . 
 tomorrow he would go to work , gather anything he could find on dillon , and he 'd have savannah do the same . 
 he 'd escort her to her car , send her to work like normal and then set about tracking this a ** hole down . 
 chapter 30 the week passed without another note or any sign that dillon had been back , but cole 's sense of panic had n't subsided . 
 not at all . 
 he still had n't said anything to savannah , but was more vigilant than ever - escorting her to her car , calling to check on her at work , insisting on taking cuddles outside himself . 
 he was beginning to suspect that she knew something was up , but it was almost as if she did n't want to know what - refusing to ask any questions , and instead let him be the overprotective alpha male he needed to be . 
 searching the database at the bureau had n't turned up much , and he 'd debated with himself all week about getting the police involved , and maybe even his boss norm . 
 if he did , he knew he 'd have a lot of explaining to do about why a cult escapee was living in his home . 
 he also knew that there was little the police could do with a vague handwritten note and only a gut feeling about who wrote it . 
 so instead he was extra diligent and watchful and kept savannah close - the best he could do under the circumstances . 
 but friday night when he got home from work and found another note - this time left at his front door - his passive-aggressive mode of dealing with this was over . 
 the bastard had somehow breached the building security and delivered the note directly to his door . 
 what if savannah had been home ? 
 what if she 'd let him in ? 
 and the messy text scrawled along the paper sent his heart racing into a murderous rage . 
 you took my heart . 
 now i 'll take hers . 
 he called savannah and found she was on her way home from work . 
 he placed his handgun in the back of his jeans , locked the door behind him and went to wait for her in the parking lot . 
 she smiled when she saw him and jogged from her car over to his side . 
 but her smile fell when she took in the tense set of his shoulders and the frown tugging at his mouth . 
 `` cole ? '' 
 he dropped a kiss to her mouth and pulled her close . 
 `` come on , let 's get inside . '' 
 she allowed herself to be towed along beside him in jerking steps as he glanced at their surroundings . 
 once inside , he pointed to the note on the island . 
 `` do you recognize that handwriting ? '' 
 her concerned gaze met his and she crossed the room carefully , as if there was a live tiger in the kitchen rather than a scrap of paper . 
 she reached for the paper , and cole grabbed her wrist . 
 `` no fingerprints , '' he warned . 
 she nodded and leaned over the counter to read it . 
 her hand flew to her mouth . 
 `` where did you get this ? '' 
 `` it was stuffed into the crack of the front door . '' 
 all the color drained from her face and cole 's hands on her waist were the only thing keeping her on her feet . 
 `` do you know who it might be from ? '' 
 he probed , wanting her honest assessment on the matter without his suspicions coloring her view . 
 `` it 's from dillon . '' 
 her voice was certain and sure . 
 `` he used to always say that i 'd captured his heart . 
 and it looks like his handwriting too . '' 
 she turned into his chest , burying her face . 
 cole 's arms circled around her back , holding her close . 
 `` we 're going to get out of here for the weekend . 
 go stay somewhere else while i figure this out . 
 i do n't like that he knows where we are . '' 
 savannah nodded . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he gave her a quick kiss . 
 `` go pack a bag . 
 be quick . '' 
 `` what about cuddles ? '' 
 shit . 
 damn dog . 
 he considered dropping the thing off at marissa 's , but if by some chance dillon was tracking their movements , he did n't want his sister involved . 
 `` we 'll see if levi and deb can take her for the weekend . '' 
 he threw some clothes into a duffle bag , added his gun and an extra clip , then met savannah in the kitchen where she was pouring dry dog food into a plastic bag . 
 he threw their bags over his shoulder and they ventured down the hall towards levi 's unit with a carefree puppy jogging beside them . 
 when deb answered the door , cuddles charged past them . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 cuddles ! '' 
 savannah called after the naughty animal . 
 `` oh , that 's okay . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 deb eyed the bags slung over cole 's shoulder . 
 he placed an arm around savannah 's waist and tugged her closer . 
 `` we 're going away for the weekend . 
 would you mind watching the dog for a couple of days ? '' 
 deb 's mouth curved in a grin . 
 `` i knew there was something between you two . 
 sure . 
 why not ? '' 
 savannah handed deb the bag of food , cuddles ' favorite toy , and supplied her with instructions as well as the dog 's likes and dislikes . 
 a few minutes later , they were pulling away in his suv , cole watching the rearview mirror constantly until he was sure they were n't being followed . 
 savannah reached over and found his hand . 
 his death grip on the steering wheel let up just slightly . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she murmured . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` for unleashing this craziness on you ... i doubt you wanted to spend your weekend on the run with me . '' 
 he squeezed her hand , running his thumb across her knuckles . 
 `` this is n't your fault . 
 i do n't want you to worry about anything . 
 i 'm going to take care of this . 
 i promise . 
 and i meant what i told deb . 
 you and i are going to enjoy a romantic weekend getaway . 
 that is ... if you 're game ? '' 
 she released a sigh . 
 `` you mean , like pretend all this is n't weighing on us ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` why not ? 
 i promise i 'll take care of this . 
 and you and i are going to relax , one way or another . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 but the deep crease on her forehead remained . 
 cole turned south on the freeway and exited twice , looping around to make certain he was n't being followed before settling into the two-hour drive ahead of them . 
 he knew where he was taking her . 
 it was a lodge on a private lake that he 'd researched several years ago when things with his girlfriend at the time had gotten serious . 
 they never made it to the lodge , though . 
 she 'd cheated on him the weekend before he planned to take her there . 
 cole pushed the thoughts from his mind and laced his fingers with savannah 's , doing his best to calm her . 
 *** she listened to his one-sided phone conversation as he drove . 
 he had called someone named norm who she believed was his boss at the fbi . 
 it felt strange listening to him discuss her as though she was n't seated right next to him , but she knew he was trying to help . 
 savannah was most interested to hear how he explained her presence in his life , but he did n't reveal much about their relationship , simply saying that savannah from the jacob stone investigation was a friend of his and she needed their help . 
 friend ? 
 she was surprised to learn that this was n't the first note dillon had left . 
 apparently there had been another one left on his windshield a couple of weeks ago . 
 cole instructed norm that it was in his desk drawer at work , inside a plastic bag , and to have it dusted for prints . 
 cole 's voice was raised and the vein in his neck throbbed , but after a few tense moments of back and forth with norm , cole seemed pleased . 
 `` yeah , let 's get this f ** ker . 
 okay , thanks norm . '' 
 cole ended the call and set his cell into the center console between them . 
 savannah swallowed , keeping her eyes on the road . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 he reached over and took her hand . 
 `` yeah . 
 it will be . 
 norm says he 'll send someone out to pick up dillon . 
 the case has n't officially been closed yet , so there 's no problem with bringing him in for questioning , however loose the connection is between him and these notes . 
 but at least they can talk to him - see what he 'll say . 
 let him know he 's still on our radar . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 she brought her legs up , folding them under her on the seat , and tried not to worry . 
 dillon was harmless . 
 was n't he ? 
 they pulled onto the one-lane private drive leading back into the woods . 
 the sun was beginning its descent , lighting the fieldstone and timber two-story lodge in a glow of pinks , oranges and golds . 
 `` wow . '' 
 savannah sat up in her seat and smiled appreciatively . 
 `` this is beautiful . '' 
 *** cole was glad she was the first and only girl he 'd brought here . 
 and from what he remembered , the pictures online did n't do this place justice . 
 it had a secluded , rustic feel . 
 it was perfect . 
 he led her inside , their bags once again resting on his shoulder . 
 fleeing from danger or not , he was raised in texas , and that meant manners , opening doors for ladies and being an all-around gentleman when he found out that savannah had never stayed at a hotel before , he booked them a suite , complete with a private balcony overlooking the lake . 
 the suite was comprised of a living room with a sofa and chaise lounge chair facing a stone-hearthed fireplace , a separate bedroom sporting a king bed adorned with a fluffy white down comforter , and a large bathroom with a glass enclosed shower and separate garden tub , but it was spacious and well-appointed . 
 he watched savannah explore the rooms , ending her tour on the balcony . 
 the last rays of sunlight cast off the deep blue lake . 
 he came up behind her , caging her in against the iron railing and nuzzled her neck , breathing in her scent . 
 she was so soft , so lovely , she provoked in him not the hardened fbi agent needing justice , but a man in need of a woman . 
 it was easy to lose himself in her , and he almost could n't believe he 'd resisted her for so long . 
 the conversation with norm had gone well , and he was confident that now that he 'd bitten the bullet and involved the fbi that idiot dillon would be taken care of . 
 yet he knew things were never that simple , and he felt sure he would have to come clean to norm on monday morning . 
 whatever was going to happen now was out of his control , so there was no use worrying about it . 
 he would enjoy his secret getaway with savannah before they were both forced to face reality and whatever came next . 
 they ordered in a simple dinner and ate on the couch with plates balanced on their knees . 
 cole had a bottle of wine delivered too , figuring they 'd both need the help relaxing . 
 savannah did little more than pick at the food on her plate , and cole 's appetite was n't much better . 
 he cleared their plates and discreetly checked his phone in the kitchen . 
 still nothing from norm . 
 he returned to living room , refilling both glasses . 
 `` do you want to sit out on the balcony ? '' 
 savannah lifted her eyes to his as if the sound of his voice interrupted some private thought . 
 `` hm ? 
 oh , sure . '' 
 she accepted his proffered hand and rose to her feet , dutifully following him to the cushioned bench seat on the balcony . 
 the old-fashioned sconces provided a soft glow of flickering light , and the water lapping at the shore of the lake below was the perfect backdrop . 
 cole set the glasses on the table and pulled savannah down to his lap , needing the distraction full body contact offered . 
 he wanted to reassure her , to promise everything would be okay , but he could n't . 
 so he held her instead . 
 she giggled softly , allowing herself to be maneuvered and folded into his arms . 
 she turned so that she was facing him and placed her palms against his cheeks . 
 `` why did n't you tell me about the first note ? '' 
 he swallowed and removed her hands , holding them in his lap . 
 `` i had it handled . 
 i did n't want you to worry unless you needed to . 
 i just wanted to protect you as long as i could . '' 
 `` i would have rather you told me . 
 you ca n't protect me from everything forever . '' 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he pressed a soft kiss to her lips . 
 `` forgive me ? '' 
 she took her time before answering , and cole feared the other secret he 'd been keeping from her was floating through her mind . 
 `` forgiven , '' she murmured , leaning in for another kiss . 
 she had grown more confident in initiating their physical contact , which cole very much appreciated . 
 his heart rate kicked up , realizing they were all alone for the night with nothing to do but enjoy their pretend romantic getaway . 
 he deepened the kiss , nibbling her bottom lip . 
 his hands found savannah 's ass and squeezed , hauling her in closer to his groin . 
 a groan of frustration bubbled deep in her throat and she clutched at his biceps . 
 it was as if they both needed to be closer . 
 now . 
 he stood , lifting her as he headed inside . 
 she wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck , still not breaking their kiss . 
 not bothering to turn on the bedroom light , cole laid savannah on the bed , leaning over to plant a tender kiss on her mouth before he stood to admire her , sprawled out against the bed . 
 her dark hair was a halo of loose curls on the pillow , and her arms reluctantly dropped from his neck , as if unwilling to release him . 
 `` god you 're perfect , '' he breathed . 
 her eyes remained locked on his , refusing to look away , refusing to break their unspoken connection . 
 `` do you know how hard it was to resist you ? '' 
 `` you hardly noticed me . 
 do you know how many times i wandered around your room in just my panties trying to tempt you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 forty-seven . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she chuckled . 
 `` kidding . 
 i did n't keep count . 
 but you 're wrong about me not noticing . 
 i noticed every damn time . '' 
 and so did his dick . 
 he 'd had a perpetual case of blue balls practically since the day she moved in . 
 `` you 're amazing , savannah . 
 beautiful , smart , loving . 
 how could i not notice you ? '' 
 and fall for you ? 
 a satisfied little smile tugged at her mouth and he knew he needed her , needed to show her that she was his . 
 his hands found his belt and quickly unlatched the buckle before moving to the button and zipper . 
 savannah followed his movements , eyes wide and curious . 
 he yanked his t-shirt over his head and let it fall to the floor . 
 savannah squirmed on the bed , still watching him . 
 when he pushed his jeans and boxers down his hips , she licked her lips . 
 and when his hand caught and lazily stroked his length , she exhaled slowly . 
 `` cole ... '' her voice was a broken plea in the otherwise silent room . 
 `` yeah babe ? '' 
 he continued his slow movements along his engorged shaft , his hand gripping the base and sliding up over the sensitive tip . 
 her gaze darted down to his groin and she bit her lip again . 
 `` did you ... um , do that ... when you thought about me ? '' 
 her question surprised him . 
 he had n't expected her to have the balls to ask something like that . 
 `` yeah . 
 i did . '' 
 often . 
 too often . 
 she sucked in a breath and reached for his cock , gripping her hand tightly around his . 
 cole 's movements stilled momentarily , appreciating the feel of her warmth . 
 but the desire reflected in her eyes forced his hand to slide up and over his head once again . 
 he pulled in a shuddering breath . 
 introducing her soft hand to the mix upped the pleasure quota significantly . 
 he let her grip him , and he guided her - nice and slow . 
 `` savannah , '' he whispered . 
 her eyes flashed to his . 
 `` how often did you ... do this before we slept together ? '' 
 fuck . 
 was she really asking him how often he masturbated ? 
 he could n't answer that question . 
 `` enough . '' 
 daily . 
 she smiled , seemingly satisfied with his non-answer . 
 savannah 's free hand fumbled with the button on her jeans and cole abandoned his show to help . 
 once her jeans and panties were off , he took a moment to just admire her . 
 she was so lovely-soft where a woman should be soft , curvy and delicate at the same time . 
 god , even her feet were f ** king pretty . 
 he wanted to bow and worship her body like she deserved , but she pulled off her shirt and scrambled across the bed to him . 
 she perched on her knees on the edge of the bed , wrapping her arms around his neck and lifting her chin to kiss him . 
 her chest pressed against his , warm and molding to his form . 
 her warm tongue slid against his and he was lost to all rational thought . 
 he needed to taste her , to be inside her , to own her ... `` cole ? '' 
 savannah broke away from the kiss , her hands planted on his chest , roaming over his tensed abs . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 he stroked a single fingertip along her cheek . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` i do n't want this to end . 
 me and you . '' 
 his shoulders relaxed . 
 he loved her bravery , her honesty . 
 and he 'd been slightly worried she was going to tell him this was n't a good idea . 
 `` me neither . '' 
 it was the absolute truth . 
 he was n't willing to lose savannah . 
 whatever it took . 
 he could n't explain how or why , but she belonged with him . 
 he ignored the tightening in his chest , refusing to acknowledge how he could possibly have a future with savannah with his past still firmly gripping him . 
 he pushed her shoulders back , and she fell against the bed , giggling . 
 but her laughter died when he pulled her thighs apart and positioned himself at her entrance . 
 fuck using a condom . 
 he needed her too bad . 
 they 'd have to risk it , something he 'd never done before . 
 but realizing the decision was n't just his , he stopped just short of entering her . 
 he placed a palm flat on her stomach . 
 `` i want to feel you without a condom ... are you okay with that ? '' 
 savannah 's expression pinched for just a moment , as if she was counting the days . 
 `` it 's fine , '' she murmured . 
 she gripped his h * ps and tugged him forward . 
 cole obliged , taking the base of his shaft and guiding himself into her impossibly tight channel . 
 there was nothing between them . 
 new sensations flooded cole 's system . 
 `` fuck , savannah , '' he growled as she squeezed around him . 
 normally he found reaching his release difficult , sometimes taking close to an hour - but not with savannah . 
 being inside her was an entirely new experience . 
 he was like a teenager trying not to come too soon . 
 savannah 's parted lips and flushed chest only spurred him on , and when she released a series of tiny high-pitched moans , he nearly came undone . 
 his fingers gripped the flesh of her h * ps as he drove in faster , seeking his release . 
 savannah 's hands clutched at his hands , his stomach , anywhere she could reach as her moans built . 
 `` cole ! '' 
 she groaned a final time in an incoherent tumble of sounds and tossed her head back against the pillow , her back arching as she came . 
 his own orgasm hit him like a punch to the gut , crashing against him , causing his legs to nearly give out as his body tensed and jerked . 
 he fell on top of savannah , finding her mouth for several damp kisses as he emptied himself into her in a series hot bursts . 
 chapter 31 the situation with dillon had been handled better than he could have hoped . 
 the new job he 'd left the compound to pursue was dealing drugs . 
 moron . 
 when norm sent the guys out to pick him up for questioning , they found him with enough marijuana in his car to lock him up for a while . 
 that did n't mean his obsession with savannah had ended , but at least he would n't be able to get anywhere near her for a while . 
 and when the time came , cole would be there to keep her safe . 
 her hand squeezed his and cole smiled at the gorgeous girl next to him . 
 `` almost home , '' he said . 
 home . 
 it had felt more like a home since savannah had moved in . 
 `` i ca n't wait to see cuddles . '' 
 cole pulled into the parking lot of his condo complex and his eyes could n't quite process the scene before him . 
 abbie was standing on the sidewalk , her arms folded over her chest watching his suv approach . 
 his eyes flashed to the clock on his dash . 
 fuck . 
 a curse tore from his chest at the sight of her . 
 he had missed their sunday appointment and now she was here . 
 here . 
 at his home . 
 savannah 's home . 
 he considered gunning the engine and tearing out of the parking lot , but he did n't have the strength to lie to savannah anymore . 
 his past was here-staring down his future , shattering his heart into a million tiny pieces . 
 *** watching the fragile dark-haired girl run to cole and throw herself into his arms knocked the wind from savannah 's chest . 
 she placed a hand against the hood of the tahoe to prop herself up . 
 cole placed his hands on the girl 's shoulders , gently moving her away from his body . 
 his eyes flashed to savannah 's , panic written all over his face . 
 `` this is abbie , '' he said , but did n't offer anything more . 
 savannah hated the familiarity between them - the way abbie 's body tilted towards his and the way his fingers had knowingly soothed down her arms as he moved her away . 
 abbie turned to look savannah over , her bright blue eyes burning with curiosity . 
 abbie was thin and pretty with delicate features . 
 she was dressed casually in a pair of worn jeans and flowing pink top that was too large on her tiny frame . 
 `` is this her ? '' 
 abbie asked him . 
 cole nodded . 
 `` this is savannah . '' 
 abbie 's gaze found cole 's , seeking permission , before she thrust a hand out to savannah . 
 there were scars marring her inner wrist and when savannah 's gaze lingered on the puckered white flesh , abbie pulled her hand back and stuffed it into her pocket . 
 `` hi , '' abbie offered , smiling carefully . 
 `` cole 's told me a lot about you . '' 
 savannah remained speechless . 
 she felt sick . 
 humiliated . 
 abbie turned back to cole , her expression softening . 
 `` you did n't show up today , i got worried . 
 are you mad i came here ? '' 
 she lifted a hand to his cheek , but cole caught her wrist . 
 his eyes flashed back to savannah . 
 he flinched , opened his mouth , then closed it again . 
 there was nothing he could say . 
 savannah 's skin tingled as awareness flooded her . 
 this was who he spent every sunday with ? 
 the scars on abbie 's wrists , the needy way she looked at cole like a child separated from its mother , it struck her like a thump to the head - all the times he 'd looked at her like she was unstable , fear in his eyes that she 'd break down and lose it . 
 did he have some strange calling to save needy girls ? 
 she was n't like this girl , and she resented his careful watch even more now , because it meant memories of abbie were still right there at the surface . 
 he turned to savannah , handing her the keys . 
 `` can you ah , give us a minute ? '' 
 savannah wished she had some place to go - anywhere but inside his house . 
 she wanted to flee somewhere far away from here , but she accepted the keys and ventured up the stairs , too stunned to cry , too shocked to process what she 'd just learned . 
 *** cole had gotten rid of abbie and ventured inside to talk to savannah . 
 he needed to come clean about everything-all of it-not spare any of the details . 
 he found savannah hiding underneath the comforter in the guest room , whispering to a squirming mass under there with her . 
 he 'd let her down , and she 'd turned to the dog for comfort . 
 it was a sobering thought . 
 he sat quietly on the edge of the bed . 
 her whispering stopped as soon as the mattress dipped with his weight . 
 `` you do n't have to talk to me . 
 just listen , okay ? '' 
 he released a heavy sigh , knowing this conversation was long overdue . 
 `` i first met abbie just after college . 
 she was broken-a project for me-someone i could focus my energy on since i 'd been so powerless to prevent my parents ' deaths . '' 
 cole scrubbed his hands over his face . 
 it was harder than he thought it 'd be admitting all this out loud . 
 `` abbie was a cutter , which i 'd found out later . 
 she was abused as a child . 
 she was a wreck when we first started dating . 
 our relationship was full of self-doubt , jealousy , and at times intense passion . '' 
 cole wished he could see savannah 's expression , get a sense of how she was taking it . 
 but the damned comforter covered her from head to toe . 
 `` we dated for two years , and eventually she got better . 
 later i came to realize that i was n't in love with her - i 'd only been in love with the idea of saving someone . 
 once abbie was well , the intensity behind our relationship all but disappeared . '' 
 savannah pushed the covers down , her face coming into view . 
 he expected her to be crying , but her eyes were dry , curiously gazing at him ; her face relaxed . 
 `` i tried numerous times to break things off with her , but abbie would freak out . 
 so i 'd stay . 
 we hung on that way for another six months until i could n't endure the cycle anymore . 
 i ended it for good . '' 
 cuddles squirmed her way out from the blankets and licked savannah 's nose . 
 she folded the puppy along her side and mumbled , `` keep talking . '' 
 `` i broke up with her and thought i was done . 
 of course , i had n't expected abbie to try and end her life . 
 but that same day , she 'd slashed her wrists . 
 her roommate found her and rushed her to the hospital , and called me on the way . 
 when i saw how truly broken she was-pale and weak in that hospital bed , tubes running everywhere-i knew it was my fault . 
 i 'd vowed to save her , and now she was worse off than she 'd ever been . 
 because of me . 
 it ate away at me , and i knew i could n't run again . 
 not when she was so incredibly fragile . 
 `` abbie stayed at the hospital for a few days , she 'd lost a lot of blood , and when she recovered physically from the suicide attempt , she was taken to a psychiatric facility . 
 she stayed there for over a year before she moved back into her own apartment , just down the road from here . 
 we never rekindled our romantic relationship , but all this time-close to five years now-i 've faithfully visited her every week , as a friend , and as her security blanket , i guess . '' 
 tears began to fill savannah 's eyes as she sat stoically . 
 `` savannah ? 
 please say something , '' he begged . 
 savannah grabbed her car keys and left . 
 chapter 32 `` what the f ** k did you do ? '' 
 marissa 's voice shrilled from the phone as he sat at the bar . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 in cole 's drunken state , it took him a second to comprehend the anger in her voice . 
 oh . 
 fuck . 
 her voice dropped to a whisper , `` why is savannah camped out in my bathroom ? '' 
 `` cole ? 
 answer me , dammit , '' marissa shrilled . 
 he dragged the phone away from his ear , closing his eyes . 
 maybe those six jack and cokes he 'd knocked back were n't the best idea . 
 `` i f ** ked up , okay ? 
 is that what you want to hear , rissa ? '' 
 she stayed silent . 
 `` is she really in the bathroom crying ? '' 
 `` of course she is . 
 she told me , well as best she could , about abbie . 
 goddammit cole , that girl was a wreck . 
 i had no idea you were still seeing her all these years . '' 
 `` yeah ... well ... '' he scrubbed a hand over the back of his neck . 
 marissa had met abbie years ago when they were dating . 
 liam 's questioning gaze met his , silently asking him if he wanted another drink . 
 cole waved him away . 
 `` pretty f ** king stupid of me , huh ? '' 
 he had put his own life on hold , barely dated , barely did anything but work and faithfully visit abbie every sunday , simply because he knew it cheered her up . 
 and then when the whole dillon thing cropped up , he 'd completely forgotten about her . 
 he 'd never forgotten a sunday before . 
 never . 
 marissa sighed . 
 `` i did n't say that . 
 but jesus , cole , you ca n't take sole responsibility for saving every girl you meet . 
 and savannah did n't need saving . 
 she just needed your love . '' 
 `` do n't tell me what savannah needed . 
 i know what she needs , '' he said , anger bubbling up inside him . 
 he gripped the bar until his knuckles turned white , avoiding the urge to hit something . 
 `` listen , i 've got to go . 
 savannah 's just come out . '' 
 `` let me talk to - '' the phone went dead . 
 fuck ! 
 he slammed his phone down onto the bar in front of him . 
 liam sauntered over , eyeing him with caution . 
 `` was that savannah ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he did n't mention it was marissa , because every time he brought marissa 's name up lately , liam wanted to play twenty questions with him . 
 he was almost ready to tell him it was fine - he could ask his sister out-but figured he 'd make him suffer a little more . 
 cole tried to stand , gripping the bar for support . 
 liam shook his head . 
 `` i 'll call you a cab . 
 take your drunk ass home . '' 
 `` i 'm not drunk , '' cole slurred . 
 okay , maybe a little . 
 `` yeah , all right , '' he conceded . 
 liam slapped cole 's shoulder , resting his hand there . 
 `` i think you 're in love with her , bro . '' 
 not fucking helpful . 
 why did everyone keep saying it ? 
 cole shrugged out of his grip and headed outside to wait for his cab . 
 *** he made his way upstairs , gripping the wall for support . 
 he tried the door knob , found it unlocked and went inside . 
 marissa and savannah were huddled around her dining room table . 
 seeing savannah 's puffy , red eyes was like a fist to his gut . 
 all the air was sucked from his lungs . 
 he 'd done that to her . 
 `` cole ! 
 you should n't have been driving ! '' 
 marissa screamed , jumping up to punch him on the shoulder . 
 neither had any tolerance for drunk drivers after the way their parents were taken from them . 
 he held up his hands in surrender . 
 `` i took a cab , relax . '' 
 he stepped around marissa , heading straight for savannah like she was a light at the end of a tunnel , his beacon in the darkness . 
 he 'd been trying to save everyone , yet savannah had been the one to teach him . 
 her compassion , her genuine nature continued to level him . 
 she was all he needed . 
 and he 'd been so wrong . 
 she did n't need saving - he did . 
 he knew with certainly , he 'd grovel , beg , and promise her the world , if she 'd only hear him out . 
 savannah watched him with guarded eyes , drawing a shaky breath . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 his voice was a coarse , broken plea in the room . 
 marissa stepped between them , her hands planting themselves on her hips . 
 `` i do n't think that 's a good idea right now . 
 you 're drunk , cole . '' 
 without removing his eyes from savannah 's , he muttered the only word he could think of . 
 `` please . '' 
 savannah merely nodded and followed him back to marissa 's office . 
 she sunk down into the leather office chair . 
 cole leaned against the door frame , hating that he no longer had the right to pull her into his arms . 
 hating that she no longer needed him for comfort , and that he was the source of her pain . 
 `` savannah , i 'm sorry , so sorry that i kept abbie from you . '' 
 she held up her hand . 
 `` do n't say her name . '' 
 shit . 
 his shaky legs gave out and he slid down the wall to sit on the floor . 
 god , he needed to think . 
 how did he ask for a second chance from the girl who meant everything to him ? 
 `` what am i supposed to do now ? '' 
 savannah asked , brokenly . 
 `` i feel like a total fool . 
 you humiliated me , cole . 
 i thought we had something special ... i had no idea you were off ... '' she stopped short , sucking in a deep breath and holding it . 
 he could see that she was trying not to cry again . 
 he hated himself even more . 
 he looked up . 
 sadness blazed in her green eyes , made all the more brilliant from her tears . 
 `` we do have something special . 
 do n't give up on me , savannah . 
 i f ** ked up big time , and i know that . 
 i thought i was doing the right thing continuing to see ab - her , but you 're right , okay ? '' 
 a single tear escaped and rolled down her cheek . 
 cole crossed the room on his knees , taking her face in his hands and wiping away the dampness with his thumbs . 
 `` i 'm so f ** king sorry , savannah . 
 please do n't cry . 
 please , baby . '' 
 he was not above begging if that 's what it took . 
 `` you lied . 
 you left every sunday to see her while i waited for you . '' 
 the pain in her features crashed through him . 
 what if she could n't forgive him ? 
 he would do anything ; spend his life trying to re-earn her trust . 
 `` i know . 
 and i should n't have kept that from you , i was just so torn up over what to do . '' 
 his heart thumped erratically in his chest . 
 `` but you 're the one i love , savannah . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` you 're drunk . 
 do n't say that . '' 
 `` i am drunk , but you think i 've just now realized that i love you ? 
 i started falling the moment i saw you . 
 then you came home with me and even though you should have been a mess , you were taking charge in my kitchen , cooking for me , taking care of me when i had the flu , and the first time we made love ? '' 
 he fought off a shiver at the memory . 
 `` it 's never been like that for me before . 
 i 'm in love with you , savannah . 
 hopelessly and completely . 
 you own me , baby . '' 
 her mouth tugged into a small grin and she swallowed . 
 he ached to kiss her , but he did n't know if that was allowed . 
 he 'd never had to grovel before . 
 he 'd always been the one to cut out on relationships , never the one seeking . 
 `` and i explained to abbie that we both needed to move on . 
 i 'm not going to see her anymore . 
 i 'm yours . 
 you own me , savannah . 
 you always have . '' 
 suddenly it seemed very fitting that he was on his knees before her . 
 two heartbeats passed and still savannah remained quiet , her eyes locked on his . 
 she brought her hand to his stubble-covered cheek and held him there . 
 `` i knew i was falling in love with you , but then when i saw ... her ... and found out you 'd been seeing her behind my back this whole time , it destroyed me . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he placed his hand over hers , holding it to his skin . 
 `` do n't say that . 
 i ca n't handle that i hurt you . 
 please let me fix it . '' 
 `` let me finish . '' 
 she straightened her shoulders , seeming to draw composure from the small move . 
 `` i 've only known you a short time , but you wedged yourself into my heart . 
 you became everything to me . 
 my entire life before you fell away , and i had the chance to be me , to become who i wanted . 
 you helped me , without any selfish motivation of your own . 
 and i probably should n't , but i trust you . 
 i 've always trusted you , right from the very beginning . 
 if you say you 're done seeing her - then i believe you . 
 but do n't you dare break my trust again . '' 
 he grinned , liking the strength he heard in her voice . 
 seeing her growth and confidence was sexy . 
 he brushed her hair back from her tear-streaked face , aching to kiss her , to take away all her pain . 
 stop thinking with your dick , a ** hole . 
 `` i hate that i made you cry . 
 i hate seeing you like this , '' he admitted , his thumb tracing gentle circles over her cheek . 
 savannah 's gaze intensified . 
 `` even though i 'd be heartbroken without you , cole , i would n't be broken like abbie was . 
 i 'm not her . 
 i do n't want you walking on eggshells around me , or afraid to tell me things because i might not like them . 
 if we 're going to have a relationship , it has to be on equal footing . 
 i want to be your partner , not your project . '' 
 cole remained silent for several long seconds , working to understand her plea . 
 `` i know you 're not her . 
 you 're an amazing , beautiful , strong woman who has complete command over my heart , hell my entire body . 
 i 've never loved anyone like this , savannah . 
 you 're everything to me , and i wanted to shield you from all the f ** ked up shit from my past . 
 i do n't want a project either , but i am always going to be your protector . 
 that 's just how i 'm wired , babe . 
 i wo n't let anyone or anything hurt you . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 i just wanted you to understand . 
 you ca n't break me like that , so do n't hold things back from me . 
 if this is going to work , you have to communicate with me - with complete honesty . '' 
 `` i can do that . '' 
 he smiled , and savannah 's gaze wandered to his mouth . 
 `` babe ? '' 
 he asked , leaning closer , his own eyes flicking between hers and her lips . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 her voice was just as breathless as he felt . 
 the effect of her so close it was dizzying , intoxicating . 
 `` if you want complete honesty ... i need to kiss you now . '' 
 savannah 's tongue dampened her bottom lip and cole leaned forward , sealing their mouths together in a passionate kiss . 
 *** cole 's mouth felt good . 
 too good . 
 savannah was lost to pleasure , sensation . 
 her brain struggling to give up control to her body . 
 a series of firm knocks rained against the door . 
 `` um , cole ? '' 
 marissa 's muffled voice came from the hallway . 
 crap ! 
 cole lifted his head . 
 `` we 're busy , '' he called toward the door . 
 savannah 's eyes darted to the door knob , trying to remember if they 'd locked it , not that she expected marissa to barge in or anything . 
 but god , she could n't imagine anything more embarrassing . 
 her jeans were around her ankles and cole 's face was buried ... well , somewhere good . 
 marissa knocked again , more insistently this time . 
 `` i 'm glad to hear you 're um ... making up ... and i do n't care that you 're drunk and in my apartment . 
 i do care , however , that you 're f ** king loud enough to wake half my building . 
 come on , i 'm driving you guys home , '' she called . 
 heat flamed in her cheeks . 
 shit . 
 had she been too loud ? 
 `` just give us a few more minutes , '' cole growled . 
 savannah moved to get up , trying to adjust her clothes , but cole held her in place . 
 `` stay . '' 
 her eyes searched his . 
 `` we ca n't ... we should go . '' 
 he shook his head and bent to nibble on her inner thigh . 
 `` we will . 
 but i want to make you come first , '' he whispered . 
 his breath rushed over her core , and a wave of dampness surged between her legs . 
 `` cole ... '' she pleaded , brokenly . 
 `` shh . '' 
 he moved her panties to the side once again so her swollen pink flesh was on full display . 
 `` let me finish taking care of you , then we 'll go . '' 
 his mouth covered her sensitive flesh and , tossing all manners aside , he ate at her greedily , licking and suckling until she was writhing again . 
 she groaned loudly and cole 's hand came up and clamped down over her mouth , his eyes watching her reaction as his mouth continued its greedy display . 
 she was nearly sliding off the leather chair , but the pressure of cole 's face between her legs held her in place . 
 she should have felt embarrassed , overwhelmed by his dominance , but instead she just felt loved . 
 incredibly cherished and loved . 
 and apparently delicious . 
 he focused in on her sensitive flesh , finding a rhythm that destroyed all thoughts of marissa waiting on the other side of the door . 
 she came hard and fast , her h * ps lifting from the chair , her hands fisting in cole 's hair . 
 her body shuddered with the violence of her release and when she opened her eyes , she was surprised to find herself in cole 's arms . 
 he 'd lifted her from the chair and was holding her against his body , her feet dangling several inches from the floor . 
 he kissed her mouth , and she tasted her own arousal , and liquor , and cole . 
 her eyes drifted closed again in sated satisfaction . 
 he let her slide down his body until her feet reached the floor . 
 cole took her face in his hands , pressing a final kiss to her mouth . 
 `` i love you . '' 
 `` i love you too . '' 
 it felt so good to finally say it to him , and even better to hear him say those words . 
 `` can i take you home ? '' 
 home . 
 the word rolled easily from his tongue and made her feel even more complete and happy than she thought possible . 
 suddenly becoming aware of the large bulge in his jeans , she gestured to his lap . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 he winced as he adjusted his staining erection . 
 `` i 'll live . '' 
 chapter 33 when they got home , cole stopped savannah from going inside and lifted her in his arms to carry her across the threshold . 
 it reminded him of the first day he 'd met her . 
 he 'd taken her in his arms then too . 
 it 'd just felt right . 
 it still did . 
 there was something so familiar about her , like she was made to be his . 
 he carried through the darkened rooms and laid her on his bed-their bed-and set about removing her clothes piece by piece . 
 his erection had n't gone down since their encounter in marissa 's office over thirty minutes ago . 
 he knew he would need her twice before he found relief . 
 the first time would be hard and fast , the second time slower and more controlled . 
 he slid her panties-still damp from her earlier release-down her legs and discarded them on the floor before moving to his own belt buckle . 
 savannah watched with wide eyes as he removed every last stich of clothing between them . 
 she looked at his engorged c * ck and then at his right hand . 
 he knew what she wanted , and he obliged , gripping himself and stroking lightly . 
 she licked her lips , slowly tracing them with her tongue . 
 fuck , he needed to be inside her . 
 like yesterday . 
 he was already leaking pre-come and his balls ached . 
 she rolled to her side , her dark hair spilling across the pillow and reached a hand toward him , her eyes still watching everything . 
 she caressed his thigh , his abs , fingernails scraping against his skin . 
 he continued his slow lazy strokes for his incredibly sexy audience of one . 
 if he could get her to touch herself for him , fuck , that would probably be his undoing . 
 her hand continued lightly brushing his skin , deliciously close to where his throbbing dick begged for her attention . 
 with one hand still wrapped firmly around himself , he took her hand in his and brought it to the juncture between her legs . 
 savannah 's eyes widened , but she went with it , letting one knee drop open . 
 knowing how sweet she tasted , how wet he could get her , the sexy moans she made in the back of her throat tempted him to pleasure her again ; but reading her body , he knew she needed something more . 
 he pressed one finger inside her , watching his middle finger disappear to the second knuckle and he was rewarded with a satisfied groan from savannah . 
 he retracted his hand , encouraging her to take over . 
 savannah 's hand stilled as if this was unexplored territory . 
 she 'd never touched herself before ? 
 she took a deep breath , her chest rising , and used her fingers to rub and explore . 
 this moment was more meaningful than just the two of them touching , discovering . 
 he knew savannah was opening herself up to him , to everything , to life . 
 she was done being sheltered and feeling ashamed for what she wanted . 
 she wanted to feel-every little thing-all that life had to offer . 
 his heart surged knowing she would n't hold back from him . 
 watching her fingers , tipped in pink nail polish rubbing against her tender flesh , circling that that little nub near the top sent a rush of heat through him , producing another drop of fluid to leak from his cock . 
 he bit back a groan . 
 `` savannah ... '' he breathed , bending to kiss her , their mouths desperately moving against one another in a flash of gliding wet tongues and barely contained moans . 
 `` i need to be inside you , baby . '' 
 he joined her on the bed , pulling her h * ps closer , causing her entire body to slide down the bed towards him . 
 she placed a hand on his forearm to stop him . 
 `` can we ... try a different position ? '' 
 without waiting for him to answer , she rolled to her stomach , displaying that fine little ass for him . 
 fuck . 
 was this girl made just for him ? 
 `` anything you want , babe , '' he said in a low whisper since all the air was sucked from his lungs at the sight of her . 
 he trailed a hand down her back , lightly tickling , and savannah squirmed in the most enticing way . 
 he straddled her tightly closed thighs , and savannah turned her face on the pillow to watch him . 
 dropping a kiss to her mouth , her chin , her shoulder , he took himself in hand and gently stoked his length as it rested between her buttocks . 
 she watched him with a hooded gaze , still squirming beneath him . 
 `` do i need to open my legs ? '' 
 she asked , blinking up at him . 
 he supposed it was an honest question , but no , he could reach all of her delicious parts just like this , and she 'd feel even tighter with her legs clamped together . 
 `` no , baby . 
 stay just like you are . '' 
 she swallowed and nodded . 
 the anticipation of being inside her nearly killed him . 
 he gripped her hips , his fingers digging into her flesh , his thumbs parting her cheeks , so he could see below to her beautiful little p ** sy . 
 his c * ck was rock hard and sliding along her ass , as if seeking the heat between her legs . 
 her head remained turned on the pillow so she could watch him . 
 he met her eyes and continued rubbing himself along the crease of her ass . 
 savannah flinched at the new sensations , and he leaned down to drop a kiss to her mouth . 
 he would n't take her there . 
 would n't do anything she was n't ready for . 
 `` do you trust me ? '' 
 she nodded , her lips parted and breaths escaping in quick succession . 
 he inched forward , watching as the head of his c * ck disappeared into her slick , pink flesh . 
 her h * ps lifted to meet his next thrust , sending him deeper . 
 a surge of pleasure flooded his system , prickling against his spine and a low guttural groan escaped his throat . 
 his placed a hand on her lower back , keeping her still . 
 if she was going to work her ass against him like that , he 'd lose it . 
 holding her h * ps steady , he plunged into her , again and again , his pace quickening as the pleasure became too much . 
 savannah was writhing and wiggling underneath him , and each time he thrust forward , burying himself deep , she let out a small cry . 
 fuck , she was tight . 
 he gripped her ass in his hands , pushing into her faster , harder , until both their cries of pleasure were loud and uncontained . 
 at the last moment , he pulled himself free from her body , and used his hand to wring the pleasure exploding inside him onto her buttocks , covering her , marking her . 
 she was his . 
 now and forever . 
 she lay still and breathing hard while cole scurried into the bathroom , returning with a warm washcloth to clean her . 
 once she was cleaned of the evidence of their love-making , he lay down beside her , tugging her close and buried his face in the crook of her neck . 
 they remained that way , their hearts pounding in a matched rhythm for several minutes , neither of them willing to break the spell . 
 cole eventually eased from the warm cocoon of her body , so that he could look at her . 
 a smile passed savannah 's lips and she brought her hand to his hair , trying to smooth the disheveled strands . 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` hi . '' 
 he pressed a kiss to her mouth . 
 she blinked up at him . 
 `` you were drunk . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he 'd been drunk off his ass , but savannah 's presence and that powerful orgasm had sobered him completely . 
 he 'd been drinking to numb the pain , a deep searing pain that a few hours ago seemed impossible to overcome . 
 `` i thought i 'd lost you . '' 
 he stoked her hair back from her face , amazed that she was here in his arms again . 
 `` i wo n't do anything to f ** k this up . 
 i promise you , savannah . '' 
 she stayed quiet , letting him hold her . 
 he waited for her to barrage him with questions , but he supposed after his admission of the entire story with abbie earlier , and now sharing her body with him ... did that mean he was forgiven ? 
 `` does this mean you 're giving me another chance ? '' 
 she pressed a kiss to his throat . 
 `` possibly . '' 
 her voice was coy , but her arms around him felt strong and sure . 
 `` i love you so much , baby . '' 
 `` i love you too , cole . '' 
 epilogue three years later cole 's hands captured her hips , pulling her in snuggly so her back rested against his chest . 
 `` enjoying the party ? '' 
 his breath whispered across her ear , sending fine tingles skittering down her spine . 
 things had been a little awkward for them both at the first work function savannah attended , but now their relationship was n't really much of a thing anymore . 
 only a few people knew how they first met , and even though cole 's boss norm was one of them , he 'd turned a blind eye , taking on a do n't ask , do n't tell philosophy . 
 cole had tried to explain things to him once , but norm had waved him off , saying what he did n't know would n't hurt him . 
 savannah had been to countless work functions with him since then , and she was pleased to be accepted into the fold with the other wives . 
 she was younger than most , sure , but she 'd always been mature for her age , so it really was n't an issue . 
 `` baby ? '' 
 cole was still waiting for her response . 
 she leaned against him . 
 her high heels were pinching her feet , and her panty hose cutting were into her sides , but she smiled and patted his hand resting on her belly . 
 `` i 'm fine , love . '' 
 `` and my little daughter ... how 's she ? 
 still turning somersaults in there ? '' 
 his hand smoothed over the satin of her dress to caress her swollen belly . 
 `` she had the hiccups after i ate that spicy crab dip , but she seems fine now . '' 
 he chuckled against her skin and pressed a damp kiss against the back of her neck . 
 that was one benefit of having her hair twisted up in a knot . 
 with his hand still on her belly , he spoke softly in her ear . 
 `` i 'll give you a massage when we get home if you like . '' 
 while other men celebrated nine months of having a designated driver on hand , cole had n't had so much as a single drink during her pregnancy . 
 he was a saint-attending every doctor 's appointment , reading all the baby books and pretty much waiting on her hand and foot . 
 she 'd had a stern talking to him after he made her breakfast in bed for a month straight and tried to carry her from room to room . 
 if he 'd been protective and attentive before her pregnancy , he was psychotic mother hen during it . 
 he 'd calmed down a little since then , but still insisted on massaging her shoulders , or her feet at the end of a long day . 
 savannah did n't complain . 
 especially since the massages usually led to more . 
 cole had been hesitant at first about making love to her , limiting their activities to or * l s * x or extended make out sessions like they were teenagers , until she 'd gotten the doctor to tell cole it was safe . 
 now they were making up for lost time , for which savannah was grateful . 
 she found pregnancy made her highly orgasmic . 
 the music changed and softened and cole swayed with her in his arms . 
 the pregnancy made him deliriously happy - her too , but she 'd always wanted children - he had n't been so sure when they first met . 
 but with cole 's thirtieth birthday drawing closer , he became more and more persistent about the idea of becoming a father . 
 they 'd been tempting fate without condoms or birth control for the last couple of years anyway , but suddenly savannah noticed he was asking about her cycles , talking about timing sex , coming home from the drug store with boxes of pregnancy tests . 
 she still smiled at the memory . 
 she 'd never pictured fbi agent , alpha-male cole to be modeling baby carriers in the store , or checking the thread-count on baby blankets . 
 all the many sides of this man surprised her . 
 she loved the way he still made her feel like the most gorgeous woman in the room , instead of the beached whale she felt like a in the wine-colored evening gown stretching across her growing belly . 
 `` how are your feet holding up ? '' 
 he asked , speaking low near her ear once again . 
 cole knew her feet often swelled to the size of balloons by the end of the night - and that was when they were n't stuffed into stiletto heels . 
 `` i 'm looking forward to that massage later . '' 
 she did n't want to complain , knowing he 'd insist on whisking her away . 
 he lifted the hem of her floor-length gown . 
 yep , swollen like sausages . 
 `` why did n't you say something ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 she had n't wanted him to miss the part of the reception where he was receiving special honors for his work on a critical case he 'd helped solve . 
 without another word cole ushered her through the crowd , nodding once to norm on their way toward the exit . 
 he handed the valet their ticket and soon they were seated in the darkened cab of his suv , cole 's hand resting on her knee . 
 the infant seat was already installed in the backseat , a full two months before her due date . 
 once inside , cuddles greeted them in her customary manner - providing wet kisses to savannah , and nipping at cole 's ankles . 
 they both chuckled and cole bent and scooped cuddles into his arms . 
 `` i 'll take her out . 
 go get comfortable . '' 
 he pressed a kiss to her mouth before heading out the door . 
 savannah shed her dress and the offensive undergarments cutting off her circulation before stretching out on the bed . 
 cole returned a few minutes later , and she felt his presence before she saw him . 
 he stood in the doorway just watching her . 
 he still held the power to heat her skin with a single look and she was pretty sure if she was wearing panties , they 'd be damp . 
 `` are you going to join me , or are you going to stand there staring all night ? '' 
 his expression changed , breaking into an easy smile . 
 `` i want to remember you like this . '' 
 he crossed the room toward her . 
 `` you are so beautiful , savannah . '' 
 he sat beside her stretched out form , gently taking her feet into his lap , kneading one foot , working his thumbs up the arch . 
 `` did you ever think we 'd be married and have a baby on the way ? '' 
 he switched his treatment to her other foot , his knuckles pressing into her instep . 
 `` you mean when we first met ? '' 
 she nodded , fighting off the chill bumps his talented hands were sending up her body . 
 `` no , but only because i would n't let myself picture it . 
 i was trying my damnedest to resist you . 
 of course you were beautiful , but then you were so unexpected too , caring , giving and sweet . '' 
 `` and eventually you stopped resisting me , '' she commented . 
 `` yes , i did . 
 thank f ** king god , '' he returned , leaning over her to drop a tender kiss to her mouth . 
 her fingers found the top button of his dress shirt , and began working to unbutton them . 
 `` skin , '' she mumbled against his mouth . 
 `` i need to feel your skin . '' 
 he obliged , quickly losing his shirt , dress pants , socks , and pushing his boxers down his thighs to lie next to her fully nude . 
 as cole 's body wrapped around hers , savannah gave a contented sigh and allowed him to hold her . 
 their heartbeats thumped together as if acknowledging the courage it took to pursue what was in their hearts . 
 life had unfolded in unexpected ways , the events of the last few years irrevocably drawing them together . 
 his large hands smoothed over her hips , down to her backside to draw her closer . 
 his touch no longer set off sparks against her skin , but always made her feel safe , loved and cherished . 
 `` i love you , cole fletcher , '' savannah murmured into his warm chest . 
 `` i love you more , baby . '' 
 she rested her head against his firm chest and closed her eyes , feeling safe and secure in his arms . 
 she was home . 
 ~ the end ~ 
