 chapter 1 jamie heard chase 's feet behind her , heavy boots smacking the concrete . 
 she ducked her head , doing her damnedest to pretend she did n't hear him . 
 to pretend she did n't know what would happen if she turned around . 
 jamie did n't turn around . 
 she made it to dale 's car , clutching the leather strap of her purse in a white-knuckled grip . 
 a part of her wanted to haul around and deck him . 
 another part wanted to turn around and kiss him , then take him somewhere , anywhere , and finish what they 'd started . 
 she was tugging futilely at the locked car door when he caught up to her . 
 his hand wrapped far too gently around her upper arm , near her armpit , his knuckles brushing her breast . 
 she dragged a deep shuddering breath in , placed her palm on the window , refusing to turn around . 
 `` what do you want , chase ? '' 
 jamie hated how quivery and breathy and damned needy her voice sounded . 
 `` you . '' 
 his voice was raw , growling , as if the admission had been dragged out of his chest . 
 `` well , you ca n't have me . '' 
 `` i know , but ... '' his grip tightened on jamie 's arm , and then he let go with a long , expelled breath . 
 `` that does n't mean i 'll ever stop wanting you . '' 
 she clenched her teeth and squeezed her eyes shut ; the visceral pain in his voice tore at her heart . 
 `` chase ... '' jamie could feel the intensity radiating off him , and she just had to turn in place to see his eyes . 
 `` god , you think i want-you think i do n't - '' `` then why ca n't we make this work ? 
 anna will be okay . 
 she has jeff . 
 i 'll be okay around her , if i have you . '' 
 temptation raged through jamie . 
 `` that 's like ... it 's so wrong . 
 i ca n't . 
 i ca n't . 
 it 'd be ripping open wounds every time you two are in the same room . '' 
 she was standing against his chest , her hand curled up between them . 
 she was n't sure how that had happened , but it felt so right . 
 and so wrong . 
 `` it would get easier . 
 time heals all wounds , right ? 
 you heal the hurt inside me . 
 you make it all go away . '' 
 jamie blinked hard and bit her lip until it hurt . 
 `` stop , chase . 
 please stop . 
 it would be a betrayal of anna . 
 my best friend . 
 the one person i have in this world who 's like family . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 the admission of her own feelings for chase were on the tip of her tongue , and she choked them back . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 she stepped away from him , and the hurt in his eyes deepened until jamie thought she might be seeing the raw material of his very soul gleaming in the cracks of his heart , visible through his eyes . 
 she felt a tear dragging down her cheek . 
 jamie knew this was the correct decision , but it still felt so wrong , so terrible . 
 chase was already hurt ; she was only driving the dagger deeper . 
 she watched his eyes harden , watched as the shutters slammed down between them , between him and the world . 
 `` fine . 
 i get it . 
 you 're right . 
 she 's your best friend . 
 your family . 
 i 'm just ... some guy , right ? 
 i wish you all the best , jamie . '' 
 his voice was dead and cold , his words like stones . 
 he turned and walked away . 
 `` chase , no , it 's not like that . 
 you 're not just some guy , you 're - '' he spun around so fast it startled her . 
 `` do n't , jamie . 
 do n't mitigate it . 
 okay ? 
 you can either heal me , or hurt me . 
 not both . 
 that 's not an ultimatum , it 's just facts . 
 i 'm not going to try to make you choose between me or her . '' 
 `` but that 's exactly what you are doing . '' 
 `` you 're doing it , not me . 
 i think it would work . 
 i think it would be tough , but eventually , it would be okay . '' 
 `` no , it would n't ! '' 
 she slumped back against the door of the car , struggling for breath , for control . 
 `` why do you have to make this so much harder on me ? '' 
 jamie slid along the side of the car , away from him ; his nearness was intoxicating , suffocating . 
 `` what do you want to hear from me ? 
 yes ! 
 i want you ! 
 is that what you want to hear ? 
 but this can not happen ! 
 i ca n't betray my best friend like that . 
 not even for you . '' 
 chase backed away , his eyes dark , fathomless chasms . 
 `` message received , jay . 
 loud and clear . 
 i wo n't bother you anymore . '' 
 and then he turned away again . 
 he walked back into the building , shoulders tense , palm scrubbing frantically over his scalp . 
 jamie let him go , the hurt she could feel from him as powerful as the hurt inside herself . 
 he 'd called her `` jay . '' 
 no one but anna ever called her that . 
 after chase was gone , jamie texted lane , begging him to get her home . 
 lane appeared a few minutes later with dale 's keys and drove jamie to her car . 
 he did n't ask her any questions , did n't say a word the entire drive from harpo 's to lane bryant . 
 he just drove , one hand on her knee . 
 when he pulled up next to her car , he unbuckled his seatbelt and leaned over to hug her . 
 she clung to his neck and choked back her tears , focusing on breathing until she had control over herself again . 
 `` thanks , lane . '' 
 he nodded and kissed her cheek . 
 `` you know i love you , sweetie , and you know i 'm here for you . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she pulled away and opened the car door , swung a leg out . 
 `` i 'll call you later and we 'll talk , okay ? '' 
 lane smiled . 
 `` no worries , kitten . 
 just take care of yourself ? '' 
 she made it home without breaking down , somehow . 
 she made it into her bed before unleashing a torrent of tears that did n't stop until she was simply too exhausted to weep anymore . 
 anna showed up . 
 `` jay ? '' 
 she called from the kitchen . 
 `` something told me you needed company . '' 
 jamie did n't answer . 
 she felt anna 's weight on the bed next to her , then fingers brushing curls away from her eyes . 
 `` what happened , jay ? '' 
 jamie could only shake her head . 
 `` just ... life sucks . '' 
 anna sighed , an irritated huff . 
 `` jamie . 
 why are n't you talking to me ? 
 there 's something big going on with you , and you 're holding out on me . 
 i 'm starting to get mad . '' 
 `` i ca n't tell you , anna . 
 it 's complicated . '' 
 `` meaning you 're afraid . '' 
 `` shitless . '' 
 anna did n't answer right away . 
 when she did , her voice sounded distant . 
 `` okay , well , i ca n't make you talk to me . 
 you know i love you . 
 you know i 'd never judge you . '' 
 jamie sat up and faced anna , working her feet beneath her into a cross-legged position . 
 `` anna , please . 
 listen . 
 it 's not that ... i do n't know ... it 's not that i do n't trust you or that i want to keep things back from you . 
 you know i tell you everything - '' `` except the one thing that i 've ever seen make you cry on a regular basis . '' 
 she gestured at the bed they both sat on . 
 `` i 've found you here , in your bed , bawling , more times over the last few months than in all the years i 've known you . 
 and we 've been friends forever . '' 
 jamie did n't know what to say . 
 she fidgeted with a loose thread on her comforter . 
 `` anna-god . 
 i want to tell you . 
 you 're my best friend . 
 you 're the only one i 've ever been able to tell everything to . 
 but this is ... it 's f ** ked up , anna . '' 
 `` are you in some kind of trouble ? '' 
 `` no , it 's nothing like that . 
 it 's just ... '' `` what ? 
 just what ? '' 
 anna jerked the ponytail holder out of her hair , untangling her blonde locks with her fingers before smoothing it back and retying it . 
 `` i 'm not gon na ask again , okay ? 
 if you wo n't tell me , fine . 
 i get it . '' 
 jamie flinched at the hardness in anna 's voice . 
 `` why does this feel like a turning point between us ? 
 like if i do n't tell you , things wo n't be the same between us ? '' 
 anna shrugged , a tiny lift of one shoulder . 
 `` i 'm not trying to make demands or ultimatums or whatever . 
 i just ... i guess i sense this somehow has something to do with me , and i 'm worried . '' 
 jamie sighed , a frustrated expulsion of breath . 
 `` god . 
 i need vodka . '' 
 `` me , too . '' 
 `` no , i mean for real . 
 if i 'm going to do this , i 'm going to need vodka . '' 
 jamie wiggled off the bed , wiping her face . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 `` tell you all of this . '' 
 anna twisted to watch jamie scrub the smeared makeup off her face at the en suite bathroom sink . 
 `` you 're going to tell me ? '' 
 `` i guess i have to . 
 it does concern you . 
 and ... if i 'm going to lose him over you , i might as well tell you , right ? '' 
 a pregnant pause , and then the question , in a low , tense voice : `` him ? '' 
 jamie shook her head . 
 `` vodka first . '' 
 the two women went into the kitchen , and jamie pulled a bottle of grey goose from her freezer . 
 `` i 've been saving this for an emergency . 
 i think this qualifies . '' 
 she poured two generous measures into a pair of juice glasses , then a hint of orange juice over them . 
 she knocked hers back immediately and poured a second while anna sipped hers more slowly . 
 `` jeez , jay . 
 do n't get drunk without me . '' 
 anna tried to laugh , but the worry in her eyes had jamie swallowing the last of her second shot and pouring a third . 
 jamie poured juice over the third measure and leaned back against the kitchen counter across from anna . 
 `` not drunk . 
 just tipsy enough to be able to get this out . '' 
 she sipped , and then set the glass next to her . 
 `` just remember when i 'm telling you this , that nothing actually happened , okay ? '' 
 anna frowned . 
 `` okay ... ? '' 
 `` in vegas , when you left the casino ... the six foot tall show . 
 you gave me the backstage pass . 
 i 'm not sure what i intended to do , but ... i ended up in chase 's dressing room . 
 you should have seen him , anna-well , i guess i 'm glad you did n't . 
 he was so broken up . 
 i just ... i hated seeing him hurt . 
 i mean , you could see how upset he was from the audience . 
 i just wanted to make sure he was okay , you know ? '' 
 `` what happened , jay ? '' 
 `` it was like ... being hit by a bus . 
 something about him just struck me , deep inside . 
 you know ? 
 it was more than his looks or charisma . 
 i remember how you talked about him . 
 like he 's got this magical presence . 
 you just ca n't help yourself when he 's around-he just takes over a room . '' 
 anna 's voice was quiet . 
 too quiet . 
 `` i remember . '' 
 `` well , this was more than that . 
 it was ... something totally different . '' 
 `` are you in love with chase , jamie ? '' 
 jamie sucked down vodka , coughing before answering . 
 `` maybe . 
 i do n't know . 
 i have n't let myself think that far . '' 
 she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand . 
 `` we kissed . 
 in vegas , backstage . 
 i 've never felt anything like it in all my life , anna . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i ca n't even pretend to know how this is making you feel , but you wanted the truth . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure this is what i was expecting . '' 
 `` yeah , how could you , right ? '' 
 `` how could i expect it ? 
 or how could you do this to me ? ' '' 
 jamie shrugged , looking at anna over the top of her glass . 
 `` both ? '' 
 `` i honestly do n't know . 
 maybe i am thinking both . 
 keep going . '' 
 `` well , it was like that one kiss was more ... i do n't know ... more intimate , or meaningful than anything i 've ever shared with another guy in my entire life . 
 like that one kiss was ... a promise of everything he and i could have , and god ... it was like an earthquake , it was so intense . '' 
 `` damn , jay . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 damn . 
 but then i remembered who it was i was kissing . 
 i ran . 
 i mean ... of all the people in the world for me to finally feel a real connection with , it had to be him ? 
 of course it did . '' 
 `` so that was it ? '' 
 jamie snorted . 
 `` not hardly . 
 i told him i could n't do it , could n't let anything happen between us . 
 you 're my best friend , and he 's your ex . 
 no way . 
 taboo , right ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 anna 's voice was oddly strained . 
 `` so i managed to get away from him , which was like ripping out a chunk of my heart . 
 we had your wedding and went home , and i worked my ass off , got the promotion . 
 i tried to forget . '' 
 `` and then you got drunk and had an accidental threesome with a pair of neanderthal potheads . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 fucking awful . 
 especially since it did n't help . 
 it just made it worse . 
 and not just because they were n't chase , which was bad enough , but because even though we were n't together , i still felt like being with those two gumps was like cheating on chase . 
 stupid , but it 's how i felt , and it was rotten . '' 
 anna rubbed her face . 
 `` god , jay . 
 no wonder you were so upset that night . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 jamie finished her vodka and poured a fourth , seeking oblivion , even though she knew it would never come . 
 `` i managed to bury myself in work enough to almost feel like i was moving on , and then lane and the gang showed up after work tonight and dragged me out with them . '' 
 `` uh-oh . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 they had an extra ticket to a show . 
 they did n't tell me who was playing and i did n't ask , 'cause why should it matter , right ? '' 
 `` right . 
 but let me guess . 
 it was chase . '' 
 `` bingo . 
 so he brought me backstage this time , and we had another moment . 
 it was all tortured and angsty and shit . 
 we kissed again , and it was just as epic as the first time , only more so . 
 i ca n't even put it into words . 
 i never wanted to stop . 
 i. . . '' 
 jamie set the glass down and rubbed her face with her hands . 
 `` anna , i swear , i never meant for this to happen . 
 i do n't know how it did happen . 
 but i ca n't get him out of my head , no matter how hard i try . '' 
 anna seemed to be at a loss for words . 
 `` jay , i 'm not even sure what to say , or what to think , or how i 'm supposed to feel about this . '' 
 `` sshh-yeah . 
 tell me about it . '' 
 `` i mean , in one sense , i want to be happy for you , but on the other side , you 're my best friend and chase is my ex . 
 if i had to see him every time you and i got together , or something ... it 'd be impossible . 
 it would hurt . 
 i broke his heart , jay . 
 i did . 
 he has every right to be pissed off at me . 
 to never want to see me again . 
 and i hate that i hurt him . '' 
 anna 's eyes were downcast , as if the depths of her mixed drink contained some kind of answer to the situation . 
 there was a long silence then , during which both women sipped their drinks and tried to figure out what to say next . 
 eventually , anna broke the silence . 
 `` if he 's what you want , jamie , i 'll deal with it . 
 i love you enough to make it work . '' 
 jamie groaned . 
 `` i already-shit . 
 i already told him it could never work . 
 i could n't do that to you , anna . 
 i broke his heart again . '' 
 `` for me ? '' 
 anna said , her words barely a murmur . 
 `` because of me ? '' 
 `` not just-i mean , yeah , sort of . 
 you 're my best friend . 
 you have such an intense history with him , and ... '' jamie turned away and rummaged in the fridge , emerging with a bottle of cranberry juice . 
 `` i 've had enough drama in my life . 
 i do n't need a relationship predicated on the kind of intense bullshit anything between chase and me would come with . '' 
 `` but , jay ... this is breaking your heart , too . 
 i can see it . '' 
 jamie shook her head . 
 `` it 's done . 
 maybe in another life we could 've ... i do n't know . 
 it 's moot now . 
 he 's gone . '' 
 anna crossed the kitchen and wrapped her arms around jamie . 
 `` oh , god , honey . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 i wish i could-i do n't know . 
 i just wish it was different for you . '' 
 `` me , too . '' 
 jamie whispered the words so quietly they were barely audible . 
 * * * jamie sat alone in a bar an hour 's drive from anywhere she knew . 
 she 'd been working sixty-hour weeks for nearly three months straight , working close-open shifts , doubles , extra inventory shifts , then working out at a twenty-four-hour gym , only going home when she was so exhausted she could barely make it through a shower before collapsing into bed . 
 even still , she dreamed of him . 
 she saw him on a stage , dark eyes boring into her , sweat running down his temple , down his chiseled cheek . 
 she felt his scalp under her palms , woke up with her hands tingling from the vivid memory/dream of their stolen kisses . 
 she woke up damp between her thighs , frustrated and alone and angry . 
 so , one day , she called in sick and drove away , pointing her car north on i-75 and just going . 
 she blasted him and hinder , mumford and sons and the fray and everything on her favorite playlist until she was almost out of gas , and then she pulled off the interstate and found a bar . 
 and then she drank . 
 and drank some more . 
 she was in that pleasant place between buzzed and drunk , far enough gone to not care about what happened next , but sober enough to enjoy it . 
 it was six in the evening on a tuesday , so the bar-a just-off-the-freeway dive bar-was sparsely populated by a few isolated truckers and a table of drunk locals wearing john deere hats and stained blue jeans . 
 the only person of interest was a man who seemed to be none of the above , someone out of place , like jamie . 
 he was sitting at the end of the bar , a fitted baseball cap with a curved bill pulled low , sandy hair curling up from under the back edge . 
 she could n't see much else , but his jeans were dark and tight and clean , and his arms seemed thick and muscular , stretching the sleeves of his t-shirt . 
 jamie pretended to watch the lions-falcons game , checking him out in brief sidelong glances . 
 he never really looked her way , but she thought he might be doing the same as she was , watching her out of the corner of his eye . 
 maybe i just need another distraction , she thought . 
 then she mentally snorted , knowing it would be futile . 
 she also knew she was going to go through with it anyway . 
 she could tell from the way his finger traced patterns in the sweat on his beer bottle that he was preparing to make a move . 
 yep , here it comes . 
 he stood up , strolled over to her , and sat down next to her . 
 he lifted his beer bottle and tipped it toward her . 
 `` to passin ' through , yeah ? '' 
 he had a british accent , which did something fluttery to her stomach and made her toes curl in a way she had n't felt in a long time . 
 jamie clinked her glass of shiraz against his . 
 `` to passing through . '' 
 they both sipped , and then jamie let herself give him a long once-over . 
 he was hot , that was for damn sure . 
 gorgeous , piercing blue eyes in a classically beautiful face . 
 his hands were strong-looking but manicured , large enough to make his coors bottle seem small . 
 `` so , where 're you from , blue ? '' 
 he asked , his voice deep enough to pleasantly rumble in her ear . 
 she quirked an eyebrow at him . 
 `` blue ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` it 's an aussie thing . 
 people with red hair get called ` blue . ' 
 have n't the foggiest why , though . '' 
 `` you sound british . '' 
 `` well , i am . 
 but my mum 's from perth , and i spend summers with her , so i 've picked up a few mannerisms . '' 
 `` you still spend summers with your mom ? '' 
 jamie said , amused but slightly worried . 
 he just laughed again , an infectious , unselfconscious sound that made her grin . 
 `` not like you 're thinking . 
 i take a month every summer and go on holiday to visit her . '' 
 jamie lifted an eyebrow at him . 
 `` you take a month-long vacation every year ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` it 's not uncommon , actually . 
 for europeans , at least . 
 you yanks are so obsessed with work you never take more than two weeks . 
 a month is standard for most of europe . '' 
 jamie sighed wistfully . 
 `` a whole month off ? 
 god , i 'd kill for that . '' 
 `` make it happen , then . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i wish , but no . 
 it 's pretty much impossible . '' 
 jamie stuck her hand out to him . 
 `` i 'm jamie . '' 
 `` ian . '' 
 his handshake was firm but gentle , his hand swallowing hers . 
 jamie felt another flutter in her belly . 
 maybe this distraction would be more effective than she 'd anticipated . 
 `` so , ian , where are you headed ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` actually , this is the time of year i 'm usually in australia , but mum is traveling this year , so i came to america for my holiday . '' 
 jamie laughed . 
 `` you came to buttfuck , michigan , on a vacation ? '' 
 `` is that the name of this place ? '' 
 ian asked , laughing . 
 `` i knew you yanks were weird , but that really takes the cake . 
 kind of a strange name for a town , innit ? '' 
 jamie found herself giggling . 
 `` i know you must get this a lot , but your accent is hot . '' 
 ian swigged from his beer . 
 jamie got the sense he might be embarrassed . 
 `` i might have gotten that before , yeah . '' 
 he grinned at her , wiggling his eyebrows suggestively . 
 `` so ... feel your panties dropping , then ? 
 'cause that 's what one bloke told me , just this week past . 
 he said , ` your accent is a panty-dropper , man . ' '' 
 he said the last part in a passable american accent , which jamie found supremely odd-sounding . 
 jamie shrugged nonchalantly . 
 `` keep talking , and we 'll see what happens . '' 
 `` so your knickers are feeling a bit loose , then ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure i 'm wearing knickers . '' 
 ian choked on his beer . 
 `` i did n't take you for that sort of girl , jamie . 
 knickers is just another word for panties . '' 
 jamie laughed . 
 `` oh . 
 well , i am wearing panties , yes . 
 but they might be feeling the slightest bit wiggly . 
 especially if you buy me another round . '' 
 ian lifted his bottle at the bartender , then gestured at jamie 's glass , holding up one finger . 
 `` in that case , we should toast to sexy accents and dropping panties . '' 
 he chuckled , making it seem like a joke . 
 jamie clinked her glass against his bottle again , laughing with him . 
 as she sipped , she wondered if he had any idea how close to the truth their toast was . 
 i 'm back to my old tricks , i guess , she thought . 
 'cause i 'm about to take this boy back to his hotel and f ** k him silly . 
 she let him buy her a few more drinks , discovering over the course of two more hours that he was an it consultant , and he was actually in michigan on a mix of business and pleasure . 
 he 'd finished his contract in detroit and had decided to venture northward with no real destination in mind . 
 she also discovered that he was an only child , unmarried , and that he lived in london . 
 a couple more rounds revealed that he was staying in a motel just down the street from the bar . 
 `` so , jamie . 
 what are your plans for the rest of the evening ? '' 
 ian asked . 
 `` do n't really have any , '' she admitted . 
 she 'd managed to avoid answering too many questions . 
 mainly , she did n't want to admit she was trashed in a bar hours from anywhere . 
 `` well , why do n't you come back to my room with me ? '' 
 ian said . 
 `` just ... you know , till you sober up a bit ? '' 
 jamie nodded , trying to calm her hammering heart ; she was n't sure why she was nervous , but she was . 
 being nervous was a good thing . 
 `` sure . 
 sounds good . '' 
 `` i hope you do n't mind a bit of a walk , though , '' ian said as he stood up , `` seeing as i did n't drive from the hotel . '' 
 `` no , that 's fine . 
 probably do me some good . '' 
 `` that it will , love . 
 you seem a mite wobbly , if you do n't mind me saying . '' 
 jamie laughed as she stood up , swaying unsteadily . 
 `` yeah , just a mite . '' 
 she exaggerated her unsteadiness , using it as an excuse to wrap her hand around ian 's arm . 
 `` mind if i hold on to you ? '' 
 ian glanced down at her ; standing up , he towered more than six inches over her . 
 `` not a bit . 
 would n't want to go and have a spill , now , would we ? '' 
 jamie just shook her head in response , concentrating on the feel of his thick arm , corded with muscle . 
 it was a nice sensation . 
 he smelled good , too , she realized , leaning into him . 
 faint cologne , not overpowering , a spicy , male scent , along with deodorant , and that other more indefinable scent of clean man . 
 ian laugh rumbled through her . 
 `` did you just sniff me ? '' 
 jamie giggled in embarrassment . 
 `` um . 
 maybe ? 
 shut up . 
 you smell good . '' 
 she leaned in again and sniffed at his shirt . 
 `` a man who smells good is as much of a panty-dropper as a sexy accent . '' 
 `` so ... if i 've got both ... '' jamie glanced up at him through her lowered eyelashes . 
 `` i plead the fifth ? '' 
 ian just snorted . 
 `` the fifth amendment is an american thing , love . 
 i 'm british , so it does n't work on me . '' 
 `` oh , damn . '' 
 ian did n't push it , and she let it go . 
 she had to be a little hard to get , after all . 
 right , she thought . 
 'cause this is hard to get . 
 they were following the main road , walking across parking lots and stretches of yellowing grass , cars whizzing by to and from the freeway . 
 a hotel sign about a quarter mile down announced their destination . 
 they reached it after a few more minutes of walking in a surprisingly companionable silence . 
 ian led her to a ground-floor room , unlocking the door and throwing it open with a flourish . 
 `` it 's not much , but ... well ... that 's it , really . 
 it 's a hotel room . 
 sorry i ca n't offer you better . '' 
 `` we are in buttfuck , michigan . 
 i ca n't really expect the ritz , can i ? '' 
 jamie said . 
 she did n't spare the room much of glance ; it was the same as any best western anywhere in the country . 
 there was a pile of clothes on the bed , and ian rushed over and scooped them into a samsonite suitcase , which he closed and tossed into a corner . 
 `` sorry about that , '' he mumbled . 
 `` was n't expecting company . '' 
 `` no problem , '' jamie said . 
 an awkward silence ensued , in which jamie wondered how long she should wait before attacking him with her face . 
 ian seemed , if jamie was any judge , to be wondering the same thing . 
 `` i 'm not as drunk as you think , '' jamie blurted . 
 `` i mean ... i was kind of hamming it up . 
 so i could hold on to you . '' 
 she heard the words coming out but could n't seem to stop them . 
 embarrassment was shooting through her , centered in her belly as a knot of nerves . 
 she had n't been nervous around a guy in ... a very long time . 
 since high school , probably . 
 even with chase she had n't been actually nervous ; she 'd been anxious , flooded with uncontrollable need and burning desire . 
 she 'd been mixed up around chase , an emotional wreck , a physical mess . 
 he turned her inside out and upside down and set everything about on fire . 
 ian was different . 
 he was ... comforting . 
 familiar , somehow . 
 and yet , she was nervous . 
 she wanted him , but she did n't want it to be like all the guys she 'd picked up at the bar . 
 he was only in the u.s. for a month , she assumed , so it was a limited-time offer only . 
 maybe that was the source of her nerves . 
 she was n't really sure . 
 she only she knew she did n't mind being nervous . 
 it was a new feeling , something besides the ache in her heart and the coiled knot of need low in her belly . 
 ian regarded her with something like amusement . 
 `` yes , i 'm aware . 
 i was n't going to say anything , since it seemed to be working in my favor . '' 
 jamie shifted her weight from one foot to the other . 
 `` this is where i say ` i 'm not usually this kind of girl , ' except ... i kind of am . '' 
 ian lifted an eyebrow , the corner of his mouth quirking up in a smile . 
 `` well , i guess we 're evenly matched , then , because i 'm in the same boat , more or less . '' 
 jamie laughed . 
 `` un-mix your metaphors , shakespeare . '' 
 `` i just mean i 'm supposed to say something like , ' i do n't normally bring girls home from the pub , ' but i do , rather often , actually . 
 i 'll admit i 'm relieved you said it first , though . '' 
 jamie relaxed then . 
 she sat on the edge of the bed , her purse still hanging from her shoulder , and glanced at ian . 
 `` i 'm in the middle of a big internal conflict , actually . 
 not about you , exactly , just ... life . 
 myself . 
 this tendency of mine to go home with guys from the bar . 
 i promised myself i would n't do this anymore . 
 but then there was this guy ... and it was all shakespearean forbidden love and whatever . 
 so now that 's over and i 'm trying to go on with my life , but it 's not that easy and you 're here and i 'm here , and - '' ian crossed the space between them in a single stride , kneeling between her thighs and kissing her suddenly , silencing her . 
 his hands were on her legs , and he tasted like beer and faintly of spearmint gum . 
 `` i get it , jamie . 
 i do . 
 you do n't have to explain . '' 
 jamie was n't sure what to say , for once . 
 she wanted to explain . 
 she wanted him to understand what he was getting into , but she was n't sure what it was herself . 
 it did n't feel like a one-time-only hookup , and nothing had even happened yet . 
 they both clearly knew the score . 
 they both knew how it was supposed to go : they 'd fuck , and then jamie would sneak out at some point in the early hours of the morning and walk back to her car . 
 only ... she did n't want to . 
 she kissed ian back , hesitantly , exploring the sensation of lips on lips , his hands daring up her thighs to curl around her h * ps inches above her ass . 
 she felt butterflies in her stomach at his touch . 
 she was looking forward to feeling him peel her shirt off , strip her of her jeans . 
 it was n't fire in her belly , but it was enough . 
 ian might even be more than a distraction , she thought . 
 she could run with that . 
 when he pulled away to slide up onto the bed next to her , jamie kicked her shoes off and set her purse on the floor . 
 she watched as ian untied his shoes and tossed them near the table by the window . 
 `` ian ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 he sat cross-legged and barefoot in the middle of the bed , combing his fingers through his shaggy blond hair . 
 `` what if i said i did n't want to do the walk of shame tomorrow morning ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` then do n't . '' 
 she picked at a loose thread on the comforter . 
 `` i mean ... wake up here , tomorrow . 
 i mean , we both know how this usually goes . 
 this is your hotel room , so normally i 'm the one who 's supposed to sneak out at four a.m. . 
 but ... i do n't want to . 
 i 'm not sure what that would make this between us , but ... yeah . 
 what if i just want to do things differently ? '' 
 ian nodded . 
 `` ah . 
 i. . . 
 you know , normally that would make me rather uncomfortable . 
 we 've been honest with each other thus far , so i 'll go ahead and continue the trend . 
 i actually asked a girl to leave once . 
 she was just ... lingering . 
 all bloody morning , she was there . 
 tea and breakfast , and checking her email and whatever , and i just wanted to tell her that was n't how it worked . 
 so i asked her if she would mind being on her way . 
 i said i had business to take care of , only it was sunday and i did n't . 
 i felt like rubbish all the rest of the day . 
 i kept seeing her disappointed face , like she thought we were going to be something and it was awkward . 
 i hated that . 
 i 've never gone looking for a relationship , you know ? 
 i had one once . 
 a serious one , too . 
 introduced her to mum and dad and went on holidays with her , all that rot . 
 it was nice for bit , having someone to come home to , someone to watch the telly with . '' 
 ian 's accent , fairly unpronounced until then , had grown stronger . 
 `` she was a beautiful girl , nina was . 
 great in the sack . 
 but ... she was a slob around the flat . 
 could n't make a decent cup of tea to save her life , either . 
 and it was shite like that that did us in . 
 the little things . 
 no one cheated on anyone , we never really fought , and i really did enjoy having her around , but it was just ... it was n't right , you know ? '' 
 jamie nodded , unsure where he was going with it . 
 `` relationships are hard , '' she said , just to fill the silence . 
 `` i 'm never sure how they 're supposed to work . 
 i always feel like it should be just sex , and he obviously thinks it 's something more , but i never know what it 's supposed to be , you know ? 
 like , it 's fun , and they 're nice , and it 's great not being alone at home all the time , but ... '' `` what 's the point ? '' 
 ian finished for her . 
 `` exactly . 
 if it 's not just sex , and we 're not getting married , what 's the point ? '' 
 jamie pulled the thread free , popping seams until she had a few inches of clear thread like thin fishing line . 
 `` so ... yeah . 
 i guess i 'll go , then . 
 i really do n't want to do the whole hook-up thing . 
 i 'm tired of it . 
 i do n't know what i do want , but i know i do n't want that . '' 
 she stood up , slipping a toe into her sneaker . 
 ian looked up sharply , confusion on his face . 
 `` go ? 
 no , that 's not what i meant . 
 i 'm not sure why i said that . 
 i should n't have told you all that . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he scooted across the bed and pulled her down by the hand so she was sitting on his lap . 
 `` stay . 
 please ? 
 stay here tonight . 
 let 's both of us try something new . 
 no expectations either way . 
 you do n't do the walk of shame , and i wo n't wake up alone , stuck somewhere between relieved and disappointed . '' 
 `` so no expectations either way ? '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` i can do that . '' 
 she let herself settle onto his lap , wrapping her arms around his neck . 
 `` i have to warn you , though , i 'm pretty sure i 'd make a shitty cup of tea . '' 
 `` i drink coffee , too . '' 
 ian grinned , sliding his hands under the hem of her shirt to touch the skin on her back . 
 jamie explored the muscles of his shoulders and back through his shirt . 
 `` well , you 're in luck then , 'cause i make a killer pot of coffee . '' 
 his lips touched her neck on the side an inch above her shoulder , then moved down to her throat , kissing the hollow at the base of her throat . 
 jamie let her head fall back , feeling an exhilarating rush of pleasure at the touch of his mouth on her flesh . 
 she found the bottom edge of his shirt and lifted it up over his head , tossed it aside , then resumed her roaming of his torso with her palms . 
 his skin was fair and smooth , his body toned and muscular , but not overly developed . 
 he continued kissing her throat , then slid to the right , moving the neck of her shirt aside to touch his lips to her shoulder blade . 
 with his other hand he touched her belly , dragging his fingers upward , lifting her shirt as he went . 
 jamie pulled back and raised her arms over her head , and ian drew the fabric off , tossing it aside . 
 his gaze roved over her body , her full br ** sts held in by the red lace of her bra . 
 `` you 're very beautiful , jamie . '' 
 he reached up and brushed one of the bra straps off her shoulder . 
 `` very beautiful indeed . '' 
 jamie glanced away . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 his fingers slid the other strap off , and then he was unhooking the back with one hand , his eyes never leaving hers . 
 jamie held his gaze as her br ** sts fell free , and then her eyes slid shut involuntarily when his fingers grazed the underside of one breast . 
 she clutched his forearm , and he cupped the heavy weight of one breast in his hand , then pinched the nipple between two fingers , rolling it . 
 jamie let herself gasp . 
 she wriggled her bottom on his lap , feeling his erection thickening . 
 slipping sideways off him , jamie lay back and pulled ian down over her , tangling her fingers in his hair as he dipped in to kiss her lips . 
 she felt her pulse quicken as their lips met . 
 butterflies again , more of them now , fluttering in her belly . 
 she slid her palms down his spine , curved around his waist and found the button of his jeans , popped it open and unzipped his fly . 
 he was on his hands and knees over her , his palms by her face and his knees on either side of her hips . 
 she pushed his pants down and he lifted up to let her get them off . 
 she grasped his shaft in her hand , her pulse go from a rabbiting patter to a hammering thunder . 
 he was well-endowed , thick , straight , pointing away from his belly . 
 she slid her fist down his length , then paused at the base as he lowered his mouth to her breast , and she gasped when he sucked her nipple between his teeth . 
 he reached between them and stripped her of her jeans quickly , then let his fingers roam along the outside of her hip , running in along the swell of her hipbone , across the dip where leg met groin , then down between her thighs . 
 jamie let her legs fall apart , stroking his length as he slid a single finger along her crease . 
 she reveled in the sensation of a man who knew what he was doing . 
 he did n't just plunge in , but let the tip of his finger tease her , dragging up and down her p ** sy before probing in , ever so gently at first , then more and more , until his finger was inside her to the first knuckle , and then the second . 
 she rubbed her thumb over the tip of his cock , drawing the pre-come out and smearing it over him with her fingers . 
 jamie let her hand move down to cup his balls , testing their weight , exploring them gently before resuming her slow and steady stroking of his cock . 
 he circled her cl * t with his middle finger , slowly , teasingly , then brushed the nub quickly , once , twice , and then she was arching her back and whispering a moan . 
 he had her moments away from coming already , and they were just starting . 
 this boded well . 
 he slipped his fingers deeper into her , curling in to unerringly find her g-spot , then flicked his fingertips across it , pushing her closer to the edge , rubbing it , and now she was there , right there ... ian added his thumb , pressing it lightly against her clit , and that was all it took . 
 jamie gasped , shuddering , as the orgasm ripped through her . 
 she pulsed her fist on his c * ck as she came , and then when the waves lessened , she pulled him toward her . 
 ian pulled away . 
 `` wait ... wait . 
 my trousers . 
 i have a rubber in my wallet . '' 
 he hung off the bed and dug his wallet out of his jeans while jamie watched . 
 she was on the pill , obviously , but she did n't stop him . 
 an aftershock rippled through her , and she pulled him to her as he sat up with the wrapper in his hand , moving toward her . 
 she took the condom from him , ripped it open , and slowly rolled the latex over his cock . 
 he moved his h * ps into her grip , then settled himself over top of her again . 
 he paused , his ocean-blue eyes pinning hers , and his mouth opened as if he was going to speak . 
 she met his gaze evenly , waiting for him to say whatever was on the tip of his tongue . 
 but he did n't . 
 he just smiled at her , a half-curve of his lips , and then swiveled his h * ps to caress her nether lips with the tip of his cock . 
 once again , he did n't simply drive in but took his time , weight on one elbow , the other brushing her red curls away from her eyes and drifting down to cup her breast . 
 she ran her fingers through his coarse blond hair , then down his back , and cupped his firm ass , pulling at him , wanting him inside her . 
 he just shook his head . 
 `` not just yet . '' 
 she did n't answer , held onto the hard globes of his ass and waited . 
 his strong hand explored her body as he probed into her p ** sy with slow , soft rolls of his hips , teasing , teasing , and now he was inside her but only a few inches , and oh , god , he was right at her g-spot , gliding into her and away , sliding across that perfect place in a deliciously slow rhythm , driving her already orgasm-sensitive flesh wild . 
 she clawed her fingers into the muscle of his ass , wanting to pull him in , pull him harder , but instead she merely held on and let him go at his own pace . 
 she felt his c * ck thickening inside her , felt his pulse beating hard against her chest , felt his muscles quivering and sweat sheen his pale skin as he moved inside her , slow , then a few quick strokes , then slow again until she was almost mad with frustration , wanting him to settle above her and drive in hard . 
 but he did n't . 
 she wrapped her legs around his h * ps and pulled at him , but he only laughed into her mouth , kissed her , and moved slower and more unpredictably than ever . 
 `` goddammit , ian . 
 just-oh , god , that feels good . 
 just f ** k me . 
 hard . '' 
 jamie whispered the words raggedly , her h * ps now fluttering against his with a life of their own , pushing in when he pulled away , pulling away when he began to drive in . 
 `` you want me to f ** k you hard ? '' 
 ian adjusted his position so he was directly over her now , his palms next to her ears and his h * ps between her thighs , his mouth next to her ear . 
 `` is that what you want , jamie ? '' 
 she clung to him , shuddering as the waves of her second orgasm began to tremble low in her belly . 
 `` yes , ian . 
 yes . 
 fuck me hard . 
 i 'm so close . '' 
 he planted a kiss on her neck and drove into her , deep , hard . 
 jamie whimpered , meeting his thrust with her own . 
 `` like that ? '' 
 `` yes ... yes ... just like that . 
 again . '' 
 jamie arched her back , planting her heels to get herself closer , to get him deeper . 
 but he did n't drive in hard again . 
 he fluttered at her entrance , shallow bursts near her g-spot , pushing against the ribbed flesh there until sensation overwhelmed her and she flopped back to the bed , whimpering helplessly , mad with need , close to orgasm but not there , while a new kind of detonation crashed through her , not quite orgasm , but like it . 
 it was an emotional sensation , something entirely wrapped up in ian , in this experience with him . 
 ian shifted again , moved upward and began thrusting slow and deep , his body close to hers , and now she felt true release build up , pressure rising as his pubic bone slid along her clit , his shaft moving deep inside her . 
 it was then that jamie recognized the emotion tangled up with the physical release : relief . 
 she had been worried she would never be able to truly enjoy being with a man if it was n't - she stopped herself from even thinking the name-if it was n't him . 
 even though she 'd never actually been with him , she was worried no one else would be able to meet her needs , to spark her desire the way he did . 
 this , with ian , was as close as she 'd ever come to the intense welter of desires he ignited with jamie . 
 it was n't the same , but it was close . 
 and it was good . 
 she shook the thoughts free , feeling ian begin to move with increasing desperation now , driving harder , if not faster . 
 she was close , again . 
 the pressure was a balloon inside her , pent-up need , layers of frustration building layer upon layer like a pearl in an oyster . 
 the first orgasm had only added to the buildup , and now she was nearing a second , and felt a dizzying fear that this too would only add to the snowball effect . 
 it was just there , suddenly , that pulsating inferno of frustration , stress , pent-up need . 
 it had been building up within her ever since she first saw chase in the back room in las vegas , and now that she saw it for what it was , she could n't see or feel anything else . 
 it was like panic . 
 she needed release , but she did n't think mere orgasm would do it ; this was emotional in nature , internal , mental , psychological , not physical . 
 the first orgasm ian had given her had only put more on top of the pile . 
 this second one was going to be intense , and jamie found herself hoping desperately that it would give her the relief she needed . 
 she felt doubt sneaking up on her , though . 
 the pressure mounted , and ian 's thrusts grew frenzied , his back arching and beaded with sweat . 
 she clung to his shoulders and met him thrust for thrust , her legs around his hips , pleasantly filled by him , his tip striking her at just the right angle to give her the most pleasure . 
 she heard herself moaning , felt the intensity building , felt the waves rolling through her . 
 jamie bit ian 's shoulder as she came , raked her nails down his back and cried out . 
 the explosion of physical release made her writhe and cling even tighter to ian , and then she was sent further into abandon when she felt him come moments after her , groaning and burying his face in her neck , grinding madly into her , and then they were still together . 
 ian rolled off and lay next to her , breathing heavily . 
 `` bloody hell , jamie . '' 
 he rolled his shoulders . 
 `` you took a layer of skin off , i think . '' 
 jamie pushed him over so she could look at his back , wincing at the eight parallel gouges running down his back . 
 `` damn . 
 yeah , i did . 
 sorry . 
 guess i got carried away . '' 
 ian just chuckled and pulled her over to rest her head on his chest . 
 `` no worries , love . 
 i was n't complaining . 
 i have n't had it off that well in an age . '' 
 `` me , either , '' jamie said . 
 `` assuming that last part means it was good for you . '' 
 ian rumbled in sleepy laughter . 
 `` precisely . 
 it was more than good for me , darling . '' 
 darling . 
 love . 
 jamie listened to his breathing as it slowed and evened out . 
 those were just casual words for him , she reminded herself . 
 not actual terms of endearment . 
 she was dizzy , drunk , fairly well-sated ... and disappointed . 
 still burning with frustration . 
 need . 
 the mountainous weight inside her was still there . 
 she was n't as sexually frustrated as she had been , but the root cause of her ache had n't changed . 
 she listened to ian 's sleeping breaths , felt his heart beating under her ear , watched his chest rise and fall , admired the contours of his body . 
 he was damn sexy , and a good lover . 
 a girl could do worse . 
 he had a good job , a hot-as-hell accent , and he could make her come twice in a row , while they were both drunk . 
 she should hold on to this one while she had him . 
 maybe it would turn into love . 
 or at least ... something like it . 
 something as close as she could come without-no . 
 she would n't , could n't go there . 
 that was n't a possibility . 
 she 'd made her choice . 
 her instinct to flee kicked in . 
 it was that time . 
 ian was asleep , her car was waiting , and by the time she made it to her car , she 'd be sober enough to drive . 
 or she could just sleep in her car . 
 or even get a room in this same hotel . 
 as if sensing her inner dilemma , ian 's arm curled around her waist and held her tight against him . 
 jamie kicked the flight reflex down , choked it down , shoved it down . 
 this was good . 
 ian was good . 
 she reached down and tugged the flat sheet and the comforter up to her br ** sts , covering herself and ian . 
 this was nice . 
 he was holding her . 
 she 'd be here with him when they woke up . 
 they 'd have breakfast together . 
 she might even learn his last name . 
 this is good , jamie told herself . 
 the problem was , she did n't quite believe herself . 
 not deep down . 
 a voice in the shadowy corners of her soul , that place where one 's darkest truths reside , was telling her this was still just another futile attempt to bury her heartache . 
 she felt the pressure in her belly , the burning need for release . 
 she was n't sated . 
 not by a long shot . 
 maybe she could wake ian up in a few hours and go again , take the edge off . 
 he 'd be game , most likely . 
 she knew , though , that for as long as she was with ian , the edge would still be there . 
 he simply was n't capable of satisfying the blood - and soul-deep desires within her . 
 he could-and would-try his best , and she 'd let him . 
 but it would n't be enough , and she knew it . 
 she fell asleep wondering how long she could keep this up . 
 chapter 2 the music was fire in his veins . 
 it was raw , primal fury pounding through his blood and his muscles and his brain . 
 the shrieking guitars and chugging bass and pounding drums , the poetry flowing from his mouth in the growled and sung lyrics-these were the only things capable of drowning the hurt , capable of disguising the cracks in his heart . 
 chase crouched on top of the speaker stacks , shirtless , sweating , screaming into the mic as thousands of fans watched , rapt . 
 they could see the agony in his performance . 
 he did n't try to hide it . 
 rather , he used it . 
 he left his soul on the stage every single night , and the fans ate it up . 
 music journalists and bloggers were watching him carefully , offering write-ups praising his `` raw , soulful , and deeply tortured performances , '' as one writer put it . 
 chase did n't care for any of that . 
 let them blog and tweet and and whatever else . 
 let them talk . 
 the music was what drove him . 
 he wrote on the tour bus , ignoring the wild parties , the joints and fifths his bandmates indulged in around him . 
 ignored the gaggles of topless girls . 
 he wrote , worked out the melody , and gave it gage and linc to perfect . 
 the guys were increasingly distant . 
 or rather , they recognized his need for space and distanced themselves , left him alone . 
 did n't invite him to after-parties , did n't offer him the joints or the bottles . 
 he had n't had a drink in over a month by the time the tour schedule allowed them a few weeks off , and had n't touched a woman since the experiment in las vegas with the girls from murder doll asylum . 
 back in detroit , chase did n't know what to do with himself . 
 without the rush of the performance , without the fans and the music , he was left loose and numb . 
 he 'd long since used the money fronted him by the record label to pay off his house . 
 he had a cousin drop by once a week to keep the place from looking abandoned , so when he finally walked into his house in the suburb of sterling heights , it was clean , the lawn mowed , the fridge empty of molding food and spoiled milk . 
 he 'd called his cousin , amy , from chicago and let her know he was coming home , and she 'd stocked his kitchen with some food staples . 
 in return , he 'd mailed her money and a ream of tickets to the next detroit show . 
 he stood in his living room , trying not to remember the last time he had been here . 
 he had stood in this very spot , just to the left of the faded suede couch , while a certain blonde-haired , hazel-eyed dj had stolen his heart , one stripped-off article of clothing at a time . 
 her bra and panties had been blue , lacy , and too f ** king sexy for his own good . 
 god , what a night that had been . 
 chase shook himself . 
 no sense in thoughts like that . 
 it was n't anna on his mind or in his heart anymore , anyway . 
 he had n't really been truly in love with her , he had long since realized . 
 he had been falling in love with her , but had n't been there yet . 
 she 'd run off before that could happen . 
 not that he was at all bitter about it . 
 then jamie had come along while he was at his most vulnerable and had wormed her way into the aching space in his heart . 
 she was all curls and curves , red hair like fire-lit copper and fierce green eyes , soft lips that tasted of vodka and cranberry and lip balm . 
 she 'd given him the slightest taste of what it would have been like to be her lover , and then snatched it away from him . 
 not that he was at all bitter about it . 
 he rummaged in the fridge , found a case of harp lager , popped one open , and sipped from it while he made himself a sandwich . 
 he was back in detroit . 
 jamie did n't live too far away . 
 finding her would be a piece of cake . 
 no . 
 chase scrubbed his face with his palm . 
 that was over . 
 she 'd made her choice clear . 
 she did n't want him . 
 although that was n't true , exactly . 
 she did want him , equally as much as he wanted her . 
 she just refused to let herself have him . 
 sure , he understood her reasons ; they were perfectly reasonable and correct reasons , after all . 
 it 's not like he wanted to see anna all the time . 
 it would have been difficult and awkward as hell . 
 but jamie ... she would have been worth it . 
 would have been . 
 chase finished his beer and swirled the suds on the bottom around , wondering what the hell he was supposed to do with himself now . 
 he picked up his phone and scrolled through his contacts until he found the one he was looking for : eric meridian . 
 eric owned a gym and kickboxing studio not far from chase 's house , and he had often gone there before the band really took off , sparring with eric , pumping iron , or just pummeling the heavy bag until the stress was reduced to a manageable level . 
 chase needed to vent . 
 badly . 
 he sent a text to eric asking if he had time to spar and waited for a reply . 
 within minutes , eric texted back : i 've always got time to spar bro . 
 drop by whenever you want . 
 chase grinned , changed into workout shorts and a tank top , packed a clean change of clothes , and drove to the gym . 
 when he got there , eric was taping his fists . 
 tall , wiry , nondescript of feature with short brown hair and brown eyes , eric did n't seem to be the kind of person you should be afraid of , but he was . 
 eric was deadly proficient in several styles of martial arts , mainly muai thai , kickboxing , and jiujitsu . 
 he was n't hugely muscled , did n't have any tattoos or piercings , and would pass on the street for an accountant or cpa , but eric meridian was , in reality , one of the hardest and toughest people chase had ever met . 
 chase taped his fists , stretched out , and then he and eric stepped into the small roped-off ring . 
 they began circling each other , fists raised , bodies twisted sideways to present the smallest possible target . 
 chase , full of angst and suppressed pain and anger , struck first . 
 he did n't hold back , knowing eric was perfectly capable of handling with ease anything chase could throw at him . 
 chase lashed out with a right cross , which eric blocked easily , then lifted his knee , leaping into eric to provide impetus to the blow . 
 eric quick-stepped backward , grabbed chase by the bicep , threw himself to the floor , and planted his heel in chase 's chest , kicking up and back to flip chase over his head . 
 landing with an ooomph , chase was winded but scrambled to his feet , throwing up crossed arms to block the flurry of quick jabs eric threw at him , designed more to distract and disorient than actually do damage . 
 the real blow came suddenly as eric danced backward then darted forward , left heel flashing out to catch chase in the chest , winding him further and propelling him backward . 
 it was enough to spur chase into a fury . 
 he launched himself forward , using eric 's own tactic of a flurry of jabs to distract , then plunging in with a knee , then a snap-kick to eric 's ribcage . 
 from there , the fight turned savage , in a friendly type of way . 
 eric seemed to sense chase 's underlying tension and began pushing chase harder and harder , putting real force behind his blows and letting fewer and fewer of chase 's strikes through his defenses . 
 after almost ten full minutes of all-out sparring , both men had bloody noses and bruised ribs . 
 the core reason for chase 's distress had n't changed , but at least he no longer felt like he was so on edge , so about to implode or explode , or just simply combust into a million pieces of sexual frustration and broken-hearted despair . 
 they sat on a bench side by side and swigged from water bottles . 
 `` what 's eating you , bro ? '' 
 eric asked . 
 chase shrugged . 
 eric was a good friend and great source of stress relief , but he used the word `` bro '' in every sentence . 
 it grated on chase 's nerves after a while , which was why he usually kept their conversations to a minimum . 
 `` just life , '' he ended up saying . 
 `` life ? 
 i 'd think life would be great . 
 you 're a fuckin ' legit rock star , bro . 
 things should be off the chain . '' 
 chase suppressed a sigh ; eric also spoke in an endless series of slang phrases and terms . 
 `` yeah , well . 
 even rock stars have problems , man . 
 i just need to blow off some steam . 
 thanks for letting me stop by . '' 
 `` hey , i getcha . 
 no worries , bro . 
 i 've got a date in a couple hours so i 'm gon na bust outta here , but you go ahead and do what you need . 
 you know your way around . '' 
 eric bumped fists with chase and then swaggered off to take a shower . 
 chase finished his water , then refilled it and moved to the heavy bags suspended from the ceiling a few feet away from the ring . 
 chase rolled his shoulders , then slipped a soft right jab at the bag , an exploratory touch . 
 a second , then a third , and then a pair of snap-kicks , followed by a roundhouse heel kick . 
 with that , chase was off in a frenetic rhythm of punching and kicking , letting out all of his anger and hurt , pummeling it all into the bag . 
 he heard noises around him , people talking , the grunts and shuffles of a pair sparring in the ring , clinking and clanking of weight machines , but none of it penetrated through his awareness . 
 when he finally stopped to rest , his hands on his knees , dragging in quick , deep panting breaths , he realized someone was watching him from the heavy bag nearest him . 
 she was tiny but full-figured , barely five feet tall but blessed with curvy h * ps and br ** sts even a sports bra could n't hide . 
 her thick black hair was twisted into a braid dangling over one shoulder , and her eyes were a vivid green . 
 too green . 
 too reminiscent of-chase cut that line of thinking off with brutal finality . 
 she had a quirky grin on her lips . 
 `` that poor bag must 've really pissed you off , huh ? '' 
 she had her fists taped , and sweat was beading on her face , neck and chest . 
 she was breathing almost as hard as he was . 
 chase found himself turned on for the first time in weeks . 
 `` yeah . 
 i caught it talking about my mom , so i had to beat the shit out of it . '' 
 `` remind me not to get on your bad side , then . '' 
 she crossed over to him and stuck out her hand , which was dwarfed by his when they shook . 
 `` tess . '' 
 `` chase . '' 
 chase smiled at her , a genuine smile . 
 `` it 's a pleasure to meet you , tess . 
 come here often ? '' 
 she lifted an eyebrow at him . 
 `` really ? 
 you 're using that line on me ? '' 
 chase laughed , and felt the pall of numbness receding . 
 `` it 's not a line , i swear . 
 i do n't come here often , so i 'm honestly wondering if you do . '' 
 `` uh-huh . 
 sure . 
 it 's a pick-up line if i 've ever heard one , but i 'll take the bait . '' 
 she rubbed her wrist across her forehead and shook her head to toss her braid away so it dangled down her back . 
 chase found himself wanting to wrap that braid around his fist and use it to hold her in place while he drove himself into her from behind ; faint shock rippled through him at the ferocity of the sudden desire . 
 he felt a smile curl his lips , a feral , seductive smile . 
 he felt satisfaction at the way tess reacted , nostrils flaring , br ** sts swelling as she dragged in a deep , steadying breath . 
 her fingers tightened into the leather of the heavy bag , and her eyes narrowed . 
 chase took a few steps toward tess until he loomed over her , staring down into her eyes . 
 she did n't back up , but he could tell she wanted to . 
 instead , she seemed to swell in presence , meeting his gaze head-on , the corners of her mouth lifting in a smile as hungry and feral as chase 's . 
 without warning , she shoved the bag at him , hard , knocking him back . 
 while he reeled , stumbling for balance , she snapped a kick at his stomach , which he did n't quite block . 
 he was knocked farther back , heaving in a breath . 
 she did n't relent , however , and closed in with him , curling in a pair of swift uppercuts to his ribs . 
 she was n't trying to hurt him , he could tell , but she was n't holding back , either . 
 her eyes gleamed with adrenalized excitement , and even as she crushed her knee into his chest , her eyes betrayed her desire . 
 chase slapped away a straight right punch with his wrist , then darted his own blow at her ribs , hard enough to let her know he was n't fooling around , but not enough to really hurt . 
 he 'd never sparred with a girl before , and it unnerved him . 
 she was clearly skilled , more so than he was , chase realized , but he still could n't bring himself to open up the way he would with eric . 
 chase might not have had much good to say about his upbringing , but at least his old man had drilled into him a bone-deep respect for women , a refusal to ever strike a woman under any circumstances . 
 tess was inviting him to come at her , though . 
 she was dancing around him , having lured him into the ring , bouncing from one foot to the other , fists up , braid-end swaying in a serpentine rhythm . 
 she was a tiny ball of energy , quick and fierce and wild . 
 chase snapped a kick at her , worried it was too hard . 
 if he connected wrong , he could easily send her flying , injured . 
 he need not have worried , though . 
 she dodged it with ease , knocking his heel upward with a forearm and lunging in underneath it to crash into him with her body . 
 she might have been small , but that body-blow had a huge amount of force behind it , her fae frame slamming into him hard enough to topple him backward . 
 he landed on his back , winded once more , gasping for breath like a fish out of water . 
 he felt a weight settle on him , blinked hard to clear his vision . 
 tess was above him , on top of him , green eyes glinting merrily , barely breathing hard . 
 her knee was in his groin , a subtle warning that nonetheless managed to be an erotic promise . 
 `` yeah , i come here a lot , '' she said , her face mere inches from his . 
 `` i can tell , '' chase gasped . 
 he wrapped his fingers around her wrists next to his head , holding but not restraining . 
 tess tensed , eyes narrowed , chin lifting in defiance , her knee shoving ever-so-slightly harder into his crotch . 
 chase moved his hands up tess 's arms slowly , non-threateningly , until he reached her shoulders . 
 tess was frozen now , eyes locked onto chase 's , waiting for his next move . 
 chase held her gaze as he slid his palms down her spine , hesitating at the small of her back for a millisecond before continuing down to cup her ass . 
 tess 's eyes widened and her breath caught . 
 chase gripped the firm globes of her ass , kneading the flesh through the thin , skintight fabric of her knee-length yoga pants . 
 tess moved her hips-involuntarily , it seemed to chase-so her ass worked deeper into his grip . 
 chase let his fingers spread apart , exploring the expanse of each cheek , then tracing the crease between them . 
 tess shivered above him , widening her knees and pushing her h * ps backward to open herself to him . 
 chase felt his erection stiffening between their bodies , and tess licked her lips and let her gaze flicker down to take in the bulge in his gym shorts . 
 without warning , chase gripped tess 's h * ps and flipped them over so he was on top , one hand pressing her h * ps to the floor , the other capturing her wrists and pinning them above her head . 
 tess writhed beneath him , bucked and kicked , but chase had his knees between her thighs , preventing her from gaining leverage against him . 
 lowering his lips to her ear , chase whispered , `` how about this : i 'll take you out to dinner , wherever you want , and then i 'll bring you back to my house . '' 
 tess bucked again , this time less to get free than to remind him she was n't going to go down without a fight . 
 then she said , `` sure . 
 but what are we going to do at your house ? '' 
 her voice was low and sultry , breathy against his cheek . 
 chase nipped her earlobe with his teeth . 
 `` hmm . 
 we could play euchre ? '' 
 tess laughed , a seductive , rippling sound . 
 `` you need four for that . '' 
 she returned the bite , worrying at his ear with her teeth . 
 `` i do n't share . '' 
 `` oh . 
 well . 
 hmmm . '' 
 chase shifted his position so his rigid shaft brushed against her cotton-covered mound . 
 he could smell her arousal , a dizzying musk . 
 `` i have an idea . 
 how about i bend you over my bed and f ** k you from behind until you 're screaming my name ? 
 i 'll wrap my fist around that sexy braid of yours and make you come a dozen times before i let you leave . '' 
 tess 's mouth opened in a breathless gasp of surprise . 
 when she found her voice , it was shuddering and broken with desire . 
 `` only a dozen ? '' 
 `` greedy ? 
 i can make it more , if you want . 
 maybe i 'll tie you up and see how many times i can make you come before you pass out ? '' 
 tess writhed her h * ps into his , and he nearly forgot they were in a public gym-empty , by the sounds of it , but still a public place . 
 he had to tense every muscle in his body to keep from ripping her pants off and taking her there on the mat of the sparring ring . 
 `` how about i give you three hours to make me come as many times as you can ? 
 if you can give me more than four orgasms in three hours , i 'll do whatever you want , or let you do whatever you want to me , within the limits of safety and consensual agreement . '' 
 chase laughed . 
 `` is this a bet ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 i do n't think you can do it . '' 
 chase narrowed his eyes . 
 `` doubting me already ? 
 we just met , honey . 
 you have no idea what i 'm capable of . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm not doubting you , i 'm doubting me . 
 i 've never in my life orgasmed more than once in a row . '' 
 chase laughed , but this time it was a rumble of pleasure containing a promise . 
 `` then you 've been with all the wrong men , sweetheart . '' 
 `` maybe i have , '' she said . 
 `` but i guess we 'll see , wo n't we ? '' 
 `` i guess we will . '' 
 they used the gym showers and dressed , then took chase 's rental car to dinner at p.f. chang 's in the somerset collection . 
 they learned a bit about each other during their leisurely dinner . 
 tess was a flight attendant for northwest airlines , was currently single following what chase gathered was a pretty bad breakup , although she glossed over it with a few curt phrases of dismissal . 
 she was the youngest of three children , and the only girl , and her much-older brothers were both in law enforcement , so she 'd learned young how to defend herself . 
 for himself , chase told her about his band 's recent success and left out any mention of jamie or anna , saying only that he 'd been single for quite a while . 
 tess 's eyes narrowed when he said this . 
 `` you know my brothers are both cops , right ? 
 i did mention that ? 
 you should realize they 've taught me how to detect a liar , and how to cause intense physical pain to men who lie to me . '' 
 chase did n't answer right away , dragging his last pea pod through the sauce on his place without looking at her . 
 finally , he met her eyes . 
 `` it 's a lie of omission . 
 let 's just say it was a complicated situation that i do n't want to talk about . 
 if it 's something that needs to be told , eventually , then i 'll tell you . '' 
 tess nodded . 
 `` eventually , hmm ? 
 i can live with that . 
 as long as you 're not secretly married or something . '' 
 she finished her glass of red wine , then twisted the stem between her fingers . 
 `` are you planning on there being an eventually between us ? '' 
 chase shrugged . 
 `` i honestly had n't thought that far . 
 it 's not impossible . '' 
 `` fair enough , '' tess said . 
 `` about our bet , '' chase said . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` what do you get if i lose ? '' 
 tess gave him an amused grin . 
 `` hmmm . 
 i 'm glad you asked . '' 
 she ran her tongue along her upper lip suggestively . 
 `` if you lose , you agree to be my bitch for three days . 
 sexually and otherwise . 
 everything . 
 do my dishes , vacuum my floor , wash my car ... shirtless . 
 go down on me whenever i want without having the favor returned . 
 rub my feet . '' 
 chase tilted his head to the side . 
 `` damn . 
 you drive a hard bargain . 
 how about that 's the bet both ways ? 
 i lose , i 'm your bitch . 
 if you lose , you 're mine . 
 including the topless car washing . '' 
 tess lifted her chin defiantly . 
 `` deal . '' 
 she extended her hand and they shook to seal the deal . 
 `` but you 'd better bring your a-game , buddy , because i 'm telling you , you 've got your work cut out for you . 
 it 's really difficult for me to reach cli ** x , and i 'm a mess afterward . 
 just sayin ' . 
 be ready to be my bitch . '' 
 chase leaned forward and kissed the corner of her mouth , a tease , a promise . 
 he sat back without delivering on the kiss , leaving tess with her lips parted in anticipation , her eyes half-closed , nearly panting . 
 `` pay the bill so we can go , '' tess whispered . 
 `` i 've got a bet to win . '' 
 `` there 's just one stipulation , '' chase said , sliding cash into the black bill-folder . 
 `` you ca n't cheat . 
 no pretending i did n't make you come . '' 
 chase drove them to his house , and when he closed the door behind him , tess stood in the middle of the living room , hands crossed over her stomach , grasping the hem of her shirt in preparation to strip it off . 
 `` not wasting any time , are you ? '' 
 chase said , crossing the space between them and capturing her wrists in his hands . 
 `` we 're doing this my way , sweetheart . 
 and my way involves stripping you myself . 
 slowly . '' 
 tess released her shirt and stood , waiting . 
 `` your way , huh ? 
 what if i do n't want to do it your way ? '' 
 `` well , if you 're having trouble coming , then maybe your way is n't working . '' 
 chase ran his hand between the bottom of her shirt and the top of her calf-length skirt , brushing her skin with the calloused pads of his fingers . 
 `` maybe you 're just a cocky bastard , '' she said , gasping , the breathy catch in her voice stealing the vitriol from her words . 
 `` or maybe i just know i can make you come as many times as i want . 
 maybe i just i know i can play your sweet little body like a guitar . '' 
 tess let her head loll back on her shoulders as he lifted the hem of her skirt up , dragging his fingers along the insides of her pressed-together thighs . 
 `` if i 'm a musical instrument , i 'm more of a mandolin : round at the base and strung tight . '' 
 `` you 're not self-conscious about your figure , are you ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` hell , no . 
 i may be tiny , but i 'll kick your ass . 
 i 've got wide h * ps and big tits , and i 'm so short i 'm nearly a little person . 
 if you do n't like it , that 's your loss . '' 
 `` i like it . 
 i like it a lot . '' 
 chase brushed her silk-covered slit with his fingers , feeling her grow damp as he touched her . 
 `` in fact , i plan to spend the rest of the night showing you how much i like it . '' 
 `` that works . 
 i 'd hate to have to break your arms . '' 
 `` you would n't break my arms . '' 
 `` yes , i would . 
 especially if you do n't quit teasing me and touch me already . '' 
 chase was slowly working his middle finger under the elastic leg-band of her panties , tracing the outer edge of her labia . 
 `` all in good time . 
 i 'm not sure you 're ready for me to touch you yet . 
 you do n't want it bad enough . '' 
 tess clawed her fingers into his bicep , trying to tug his finger closer , deeper . 
 `` yes , i do . 
 i do . 
 i want it . '' 
 `` how bad ? '' 
 `` really bad . '' 
 chase swiped his finger along her slit , feeling her slick , hot juices as they coated his fingers . 
 `` i do n't believe you . '' 
 `` i 'm not gon na beg , chase . 
 you 're the one who has to prove yourself to me , remember . 
 if you lose , you 'll spend three days licking my p ** sy and rubbing my feet . '' 
 his middle finger dipped deeper , curling into her tight channel and rubbing against the ridge of her g-spot . 
 she shuddered ; her knees buckled , and she stiffened her legs to catch herself . 
 `` maybe i should n't tell you this , but that does n't sound like a loss for me . '' 
 `` you say that now ... '' she started , then trailed off as chase hooked his fingers inside her panties and tugged them off with a single sharp motion , guiding her legs to step out of them one at a time . 
 tess started unzipping her skirt , but chase stopped her . 
 `` not yet . 
 you 're going to have your first orgasm fully clothed . '' 
 `` except for my panties , you mean . '' 
 tess ran her hands over his shoulders as chase knelt in front of her . 
 he slid his palms up the backs of her legs from ankle to buttocks , tickling and tracing the strong curves . 
 her skirt was still draped down around her calves , disguising the way his hands were slipping between her thighs from behind , spreading her stance until her feet were shoulder-width apart , granting chase access to her desire-wet nether lips . 
 he cupped her buttocks , then traced a finger down the crease of her ass . 
 `` is this off-limits ? '' 
 he asked , letting his finger move in near her anus . 
 `` for now ? 
 yes . '' 
 she pushed his hand away , moved it to her hip . 
 `` ask me again later if you 've managed to win our bet . 
 i may change my answer . '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 chase ran his hands down the front of her thighs and then back up , twisting his palm so it was facing up , cupping her mound . 
 tess 's legs buckled again , and her weight bore down on his palm ; she wiggled her h * ps so her cl * t rubbed against the heel of his palm , and she let out a soft moan . 
 `` you 're wet and tight , tess . 
 i think you might be ready , '' chase said , dragging two fingers through her folds . 
 `` about ... oh , god ... about damn time , '' she said . 
 chase lifted her skirt up to her hips , steadying her with an arm around her ass . 
 he curled his two middle fingers into her hot , wet p ** sy , flicking his fingertips across her g-spot . 
 when she gasped , he sucked her cl * t into his mouth , turning her gasp into a moan . 
 her hands scraped over his stubble-dark scalp , her fingers turning into claws as he licked and flicked at her folds . 
 her breathing turned to panting , her knees began to dip and buckle with every swipe of his tongue , every feather-light brush of his fingers over her g-spot . 
 `` i ca n't believe it ... oh , god , oh , god , i 'm close already . '' 
 tess 's hands cupped the back of chase 's head in a familiar way that did something deep in his heart , something between pain and desire , its source nebulous and difficult to pinpoint . 
 he pushed the thoughts away and renewed the vigor of his tongue 's assault on the sensitive , cream-wet nub of her clit . 
 she clutched him tight , and his arm kept her upright when the first wave rolled over her . 
 chase felt it start low in her belly , heard her breathing grow frantic as her orgasm neared . 
 as she closed in on cli ** x , chase slowed and then paused , drawing a curse from tess . 
 `` what ? 
 why the hell are you stopping ? 
 i 'm so close , you bastard ! '' 
 she writhed into him , seeking release . 
 chase let the fabric of her skirt droop around his face , obscuring him . 
 he slipped his free hand up her belly and tugged the cup of her bra down to reveal her breast . 
 pinching it between two fingers , chase began again with his tongue and fingers , rolling the tip of his tongue in circles around her taut clit , pressing his fingers against her g-spot and working in circles to match the motion of his tongue . 
 she was almost instantly on the cusp of cli ** x , but chase drew it out , increasing his pace until she was frantic once more , then slowing down , repeating this cycle until tess was nearly mad with need for release . 
 `` goddamn it , chase ! 
 you 're making me crazy ! '' 
 she clutched his face against her , shamelessly pushing him into her folds . 
 `` fuck me , i 'm so close . '' 
 `` i know you 're close , sweetness . '' 
 chase paused to answer , gently tweaking her nipple . 
 `` and believe me , i plan to thoroughly f ** k you . 
 and then some . '' 
 she tried to speak , but her words were subsumed beneath a strangled shriek of ecstasy as chase pushed her closer and closer to cli ** x with now-relentless fingers in her cream-drenched sex , his tongue whipping at her throbbing clit . 
 he felt the pulse in her clit , felt the throb , felt the quavering in her belly and the clenching in her inner muscles . 
 two fingers deep in her sex , chase extended his pinky and pushed it against the tight bud of her anus , and as she came , he pressed just the tip of his littlest finger against the knot of muscles , not quite entering her . 
 she screamed then , a full-voiced howl of release . 
 her body undulated as she came , her knees giving way even as she fought to stay upright . 
 chase continued to flick and suck and wiggle and pinch her every nerve ending until she was wrung limp . 
 he caught her and carried her to his room , kicking open the door with his foot , settling her on the bed gently . 
 her body shook and shuddered with aftershocks , and her breathing was ragged . 
 chase unzipped her skirt , slid a palm under her backside and lifted her , tugging the skirt off with a jerk . 
 then he peeled her shirt over her head , tess cooperating with floppy limbs . 
 he unhooked her bra and tossed it aside . 
 she was nak * d for him then , and he was hard with desire . 
 he felt the all-too-familiar pang of misplaced guilt rush through him as he pressed kisses to her br ** sts , the awful , unshakeable sensation that he was doing something wrong by being with someone else than jamie . 
 tess was oblivious to the thoughts racing through him , of course , and he was thankful for that . 
 he nibbled on her nipple , worrying the taut bud with his teeth , eliciting a sexy little mewl from her . 
 she was regaining her senses finally , and was clawing at his shirt , pushing it up over his head and exploring his torso with eager hands , then ripping at the button of his jeans and pushing them down . 
 chase had left all his leather pants with the tour bus , so he was stuck with jeans , which he disliked and rarely wore . 
 he let her strip him , let her look at him , let her take his turgid shaft in her small hands . 
 she slid her palms along his length , rubbed her thumb over the broad mushroom head , caressed his c * ck with quick , soft , skilled hands . 
 he knelt above her , letting her touch him until his felt himself begin to respond , begin to rise . 
 `` no more touching . 
 i 'm yours to do with as you wish if i lose , '' chase said , pushing her hands away and over her head , then tracing a line from neck down between her br ** sts to test her swollen folds with his index finger . 
 `` for now , however , you have three more orgasms to go . '' 
 tess arched her back as he ever so gently began to move his finger inside her . 
 `` shit ... shit ... that was so intense , i 'm not sure i 'd survive another one . '' 
 `` well , then , i hope you have life insurance , sugar , because that was just the beginning . '' 
 tess moaned as he lapped his tongue around one nipple , working the other with the fingers of one hand and circling her cl * t with the fingers of his other hand . 
 he was using the opposite hand in her sex as he had used before , and he could smell her musk on his fingers , along with another , darker scent from his pinky . 
 she 'd said her second entrance was off-limits , but she had n't protested when he 'd touched her there before , so he decided to push his luck a bit . 
 the first orgasm had wrenched through her like a tidal wave , so if he drew this one out even longer , the second would be even more intense . 
 he worked her cl * t slowly with his fingers , getting her h * ps moving in gentle circles before slacking off , letting her subside a bit , then bringing her back up again , biting at her nipple , sucking on it , flicking and pinching the other . 
 and then , abruptly , he moved down her body and lifted her legs over his shoulder , lifting her h * ps to bring her sweet wet folds to his mouth . 
 she writhed in place , moaning nonstop now as he suckled her clit , slathering her own juices downward over the tight muscles of her anus . 
 she groaned when his pinky touched her there , and then sucked in a ragged , whimpering breath when he penetrated up to the first knuckle . 
 he did n't move his pinky , just left it there to let her adjust , slowing his pace and working her throbbing bud with soft , slow licks of his tongue . 
 he was able to reach her n ** ples still , so chase rolled one between finger and thumb in torturously slow pinches . 
 tess was wiggling and arching and undulating as he drew out the process , working his pinky inward with careful , delicate pushes , timing them with thrusts of his tongue against the straining nerves of her clit . 
 when he was inside her to the second knuckle , he began to work his finger in and out , once again synced with the rhythm of his tongue against her folds and his fingers on her br ** sts . 
 tess began to buck into his finger , driving him deeper , her voice raised in a keening shriek . 
 he felt her p ** sy muscles clench and quiver ; her back arched and her heels dug into the bed . 
 he pushed his finger and pulled it , licking furiously until his jaw ached and his tongue was on fire , pinching her nipple until he was sure the twinge of pain was adding to the pleasure . 
 she came with a cry , bowed upward in an arched bridge , only her heels , head , and neck touching the bed . 
 wave after wave crushed through her , shaking her , ripping shuddering sobs from her as she lowered her body to the bed . 
 chase relented then , and kissed his way up her flat , taut belly , kissed each breast , then her neck , then her mouth , tasting the salt of sweat and tears on her mouth and cheeks . 
 tess clung to his neck , shaking uncontrollably . 
 he kissed her neck and shoulder as he fished a condom from the bedside table drawer , ripped it open with his teeth and rolled it over his straining cock . 
 tess was oblivious to this , gasping for breath . 
 `` ready for number three , sweetness ? '' 
 chase said . 
 `` what ? 
 oh , god . 
 oh , god ... i ca n't - i 'm not ready . 
 i 'm not ready . '' 
 tess was barely able to whisper , the words mumbled drunkenly . 
 `` it 's too much . '' 
 `` you asked for it , babe . '' 
 chase probed her entrance with the tip of his cock , working himself slowly inside . 
 `` too much ? 
 want me to stop ? '' 
 tess 's fingers scrabbled at his back as he filled her , stretched . 
 she was tight , so tight , almost too tight . 
 he went as slow as was humanly possible , working himself in an inch , then pausing to let her adjust before pushing gradually farther in . 
 he watched her face work through a myriad of emotions , surprise , delight , even fear . 
 he paused again before he was fully inside her . 
 `` seriously , tess . 
 i do n't want to hurt you . 
 you 're so f ** king tight . 
 should i stop ? '' 
 she shook her head , the snake-tip tail of her braid jiggling near one of her br ** sts . 
 `` no ... god , no . 
 please do n't stop . 
 just ... like you are . 
 slow . '' 
 `` slow , '' chase agreed , thrusting incrementally . 
 he 'd been straining with need to release for what felt like forever , turned on by the noises tess made as she came , the sight of her tan skin and rounded curves , but still he held back , squeezing his eyes shut in concentration as he felt himself drive in to the hilt , almost too big to fit inside her tiny channel . 
 he had to be careful with her , he knew , even after she 'd adjusted to him , even after cli ** x had her loose and pliant . 
 he moved into her in sinuous thrusts , barely moving still , but enough for her to feel it , enough for him to feel it . 
 tess began to whimper again , mewling noises in the back of her throat , moving her h * ps with his now , meeting him careful thrust for thrust . 
 her fingers tightened on his shoulders and her legs circled his waist , holding him deep inside her . 
 chase decided to give her the illusion of control for a while ; he flipped her so he was on the bottom , and she readily adjusted to ride him , knees wide to straddle his hips , palms flat on his broad chest . 
 her braid dangled over her shoulder to tickle his throat . 
 he grabbed the braid and tugged gently until she was sitting upright , and then he held her in place with his hands on her hips . 
 his middle fingers were mere inches apart on her belly , and he began to lift her , guiding her motions . 
 she arched her spine inward , tipping her head back and moving on her own , now , finding her rhythm on top of him . 
 chase was barely thrusting , letting her do the work while he held himself back . 
 he had to give her a break , let her recover before he brought her to cli ** x again . 
 she was n't ready yet . 
 he let her move on top of him , surging up and down now , impaling herself on him , driving herself deeper than he 'd imagined she 'd be able to take him . 
 she collapsed forward after a few minutes , writhing with increasingly desperate movements . 
 now . 
 he lifted her off him , bodily removing her , ignoring her frantic moans of protest . 
 he put his lips to her ear and whispered , `` you did n't think i 'd forgotten my promise back in the gym , did you ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no ... what ? 
 what promise ? '' 
 he slid off the bed and drew her after him , flipping her onto her stomach and pulling her toward him by her ankles . 
 `` i 'm going to bend you over this bed and f ** k you from behind . '' 
 `` oh , my god , chase . 
 i ca n't take that . 
 i could barely handle your finger . '' 
 real fear was evident in her voice . 
 he settled her on the bed 's edge so her feet did n't quite touch the floor , so she was at his mercy . 
 he carved his palms over her arched spine and to her ass , tiny and taut . 
 he gently caressed each cheek , then teased her anus with a finger . 
 tess whimpered , pushing into his questing finger even as he could feel her shivering with a mixture of fear and anticipation . 
 chase spat saliva onto his hand and smeared it onto the knot of muscles and worked his ring finger around the circle of muscles , while with his other hand he gripped his shaft at the base and probed her p ** sy with the tip . 
 he had n't inserted his finger into her yet , and he gently , carefully pushed in as he thrust into her wet , ready folds with his cock . 
 `` oh , god , '' tess whispered , relief in her voice . 
 chase leaned over her . 
 `` i would never do that . 
 i would never hurt you , '' he murmured . 
 `` the tip of my pinky finger is one thing . 
 that is something else entirely . '' 
 he was telling her the truth , in that he would never push a woman past what she wanted and what she was capable of doing with enjoyment , but he did n't mention how much he wanted to take her like that . 
 he was riding a knife-edge of control , his ring finger now in her to the first knuckle , his shaft moving into her sex in small , shivering thrusts . 
 he wanted to plunge hard and fast , but he held back , riding gently into her p ** sy , her fine , firm ass quivering gently with each thrust . 
 he was learning her noises . 
 she began to mewl again , a kitten-like noise high the back of her throat , a sound that he now knew signaled her impending orgasm . 
 chase allowed himself one concession to the fury pounding through him : he wrapped her braid twice around his fist and gently but firmly tugged until her back was arched and her head lifted off the bed . 
 she planted her fists on the bed and undulated her body into him . 
 she was still unable to reach the floor , and chase began to plunge up into her , lifting her up with each driving plunge , still holding back , still restraining himself from crushing into her with the kind of intensity he desired . 
 tess took all of him , though , and gave back with everything she had , losing herself in the delirium of sexual abandon . 
 she lifted herself up with her torso muscles and back , then let herself crash down onto him , spreading her thighs farther apart and wiggling to get his finger deeper into her a ** hole . 
 chase gave her what she wanted , more of his finger , pushing in until his other fingers were splayed against the muscular flesh of her ass , until his finger was impaled inside her as far as it would go , and he began to thrust his c * ck into her harder and harder , never fully penetrating , knowing he might hurt her if he did so . 
 he held on to her braid and let himself drive into her , and now , finally , she began to lose the rhythm in the frenetic frenzy of orgasm . 
 chase felt her muscles clamp down , squeezing his finger as she came . 
 he finally let himself loose then , coming with her , driving as deep as he dared in slow but powerful thrusts . 
 tess was wild , thrashing beneath him , shrieking and writhing and sobbing . 
 chase came hard , desperate from having held back for so long , from having gone so long without sex . 
 after nearly a minute of body-wracking cli ** x , tess went still , but for her ragged breathing . 
 chase withdrew from her , lifted her to the middle of the bed and drew the blankets over her . 
 he went into his en suite bathroom and discarded the condom before washing his hands twice . 
 when he approached the bed again , tess was snoring . 
 he smiled to himself , then slipped on a pair of gym shorts and got himself a beer from the fridge . 
 he hiked himself up onto the kitchen counter and drank his beer , head slumped back against the counter , lost in thought . 
 after a trackless amount of time , he finished his beer , and then a second , and then a third , his mind and heart a muddle of half-formed desires and fears and worries . 
 foremost in his mind was the knowledge that he was far , far from sated . 
 he 'd ravaged tess and left her passed out in his bed . 
 she really was a fiery , spirited little thing , but he 'd simply wrung every last drop from her . 
 he did n't think she 'd be complaining come morning , but he knew for as much fun as he 'd have with her , eventually it would end . 
 he , however , was still burning with need , adrenaline , desire , and pent-up frustration . 
 tess simply could n't give him what he needed . 
 it was through no fault of hers , though , and that was the part that left him sad . 
 throughout their dinner conversation , he 'd come to like and respect her , and the fact that she could kick his ass in the ring turned him on something fierce . 
 he wished they were more compatible in bed . 
 he drained his fourth beer and then slipped into bed next to tess . 
 she moved against him , instinctively spooning with him . 
 she half-turned to face him , opening one eye . 
 `` you lose the bet , chase . '' 
 `` what ? 
 no way . 
 i 'm not done yet . '' 
 tess laughed . 
 `` i hate to say this , but i am . 
 i ca n't take any more . 
 i really ca n't . 
 i 'll be sore as hell in the morning as it is . 
 i can not physically handle another orgasm . 
 the bet was four in three hours , and that 's not happening . 
 therefore , you lose . '' 
 chase laughed . 
 `` fine . 
 i concede . '' 
 `` you would . 
 bitch . '' 
 he laughed again , and tess smiled sleepily at him , then turned back over and was soon asleep once more . 
 chase fell asleep thinking of green eyes . 
 only , these green eyes were framed by red curls as fiery as the woman beneath them . 
 chapter 3 a fall wind blew hard down the corridor of michigan avenue in chicago . 
 the sidewalks were full of pedestrians burdened with shopping bags and the streets jammed with taxis and buses and private cars . 
 the sky overhead between the towers was gray and heavy . 
 flecks of something cold and wet-possibly snow , or rain , or a mix of the two-spattered against jamie 's face as she bustled from the door of the high-rise condo building . 
 she had her phone in her hand , an imessage in the gray bubble : meet me at the corner , babe . 
 dinner reservations in twenty . 
 her response , in blue : k. b right there . 
 she flipped the collar of black pea coat up and hunched her shoulders , hustling through the post-thanksgiving shopping crowd to meet ian . 
 his mother had relocated to chicago , and ian had ended up moving to chicago with her . 
 he did n't live with his mother , but nearby . 
 laura collins , his mother , was a short , sweet woman with iron-gray hair and steely blue eyes . 
 she adored jamie , but had hinted in more than one conversation that she did n't think jamie was entirely happy . 
 which was true , of course . 
 she 'd put everything she had into making things with ian work . 
 she commuted to chicago every thursday after her last shift and spent friday and saturday with ian and his mother , then made the four-hour drive back for work sunday afternoon . 
 ian met her in detroit a few times a month as well , and overall , things worked . 
 they worked . 
 but ... jamie was restless . 
 she spent most of the four-hour trip twice a week trying not to think about how much longer she could pretend she was okay . 
 ian knew . 
 she saw the knowledge in his eyes at times , in the way she 'd catch him gazing sadly at her , expectantly . 
 waiting . 
 ian had something planned for today . 
 he 'd made reservations , which was unlike him . 
 usually they did burgers and beers at a local pub , or ate in . 
 this was an event . 
 he had something to say to her , and she knew it . 
 it was probably a preemptive strike . 
 his way of sparing her feelings , in an odd manner . 
 she found ian waiting at the street corner , watching her approach . 
 the sad look was in eyes again , distant and semi-hollow . 
 `` hello , love , '' he said , with false cheer . 
 she kissed him , a brief touch of the lips . 
 they pulled away at the same time . 
 `` hey , yourself . '' 
 `` hungry ? '' 
 ian took her hand , and they walked through the crowd together . 
 `` famished . 
 traffic into the city was hellish . '' 
 `` sorry to hear it , darling . 
 i worry about you making the drive so often in that dodgy old auto of yours . 
 i 'm always afraid it 's going to go tits up on you halfway here . '' 
 jamie chuckled at his turn of phrase . 
 `` yeah , it 's definitely a possibility , i guess . 
 but it 's fine for now . 
 besides , if it does go tits up , i 'll just call you , and you 'll rescue me . '' 
 out of habit , she nudged closer and smirked at him . 
 `` and then as a reward , i 'll go tits up for you . '' 
 ian laughed . 
 `` oh , god , i really do n't think that phrase means what you think it means . '' 
 jamie shoved him with her hip . 
 `` oh , shut up . 
 i know exactly what it means , i was just using it in another context . '' 
 `` and i know that . 
 i was just teasing you . '' 
 they had a long , leisurely dinner , filled with the idle conversation of a couple familiar and comfortable with each other . 
 it was laced with tension , though . 
 jamie felt it , and she saw it in ian 's eyes . 
 finally , she leaned back in her chair with a sigh . 
 `` out with it , ian . '' 
 he shifted uncomfortably . 
 `` i-i 'm not sure where to start . '' 
 `` just start with the truth . '' 
 she flagged the waiter and held up her wine glass . 
 ian sipped from his own wine and then set it aside . 
 `` you are n't happy . 
 with me , i mean . '' 
 jamie pinched the bridge of her nose . 
 `` no , it 's not that . 
 not really . 
 it 's ... complicated . '' 
 `` un-complicate it . '' 
 `` god . 
 that 's a lot easier to say than to do . 
 as cliche as this is , and as much as i hate how it 's going to sound ... it 's not you , it 's me . '' 
 `` that 's f ** king bollocks , jamie . '' 
 `` i know , i know . 
 but it 's true . '' 
 the server arrived to pour jamie another measure of cabernet , and she sipped it greedily . 
 `` there 's just - '' `` someone else ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 no . 
 sort of . 
 there is n't anyone else in the sense you 're thinking . 
 i have n't been seeing anyone else . 
 i promise . 
 but my heart is ... i just ca n't - '' jamie cut herself off with a huff . 
 `` shit . 
 i 'm making a mess of this . '' 
 `` sorry , darling , but you kind of are making a bit of a muddle of it . 
 just spit it out . 
 you 're in love with someone else . 
 i get it . '' 
 `` it 's not that simple , though . 
 it 's just one of those things that wo n't go away , you know ? 
 no matter how hard i try , i just ca n't seem to let go . '' 
 ian scratched his jaw and then fiddled with the cloth napkin on the table . 
 `` i do remember that conversation we had . 
 in my hotel room in buttfuck , michigan . 
 you said some rot about forbidden love . 
 you said you were over him . '' 
 `` it was n't rot , ian . '' 
 `` it 's just a word , jamie . 
 i know it was n't . 
 i just meant i remember you mentioning this other guy . 
 and you 're still not over him enough to be happy with me . '' 
 `` it 's not like i do n't want to be over him , ian . 
 i do . 
 i really , really do want to be over him . 
 but i just ... ca n't seem to do it . '' 
 `` and i ca n't do this with you if you 're not . '' 
 ian tossed back the rest of his wine and watched jamie 's reaction . 
 she only nodded . 
 `` i know . 
 and i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm sorry to have wasted so much of your time . '' 
 she stood up , leaving her half-full wine glass , and turned to walk away . 
 `` jamie , wait . 
 you did n't waste-shit . '' 
 he cut himself off when he realized jamie was n't listening . 
 she was already out the door and into the flurries of hard , stinging snow . 
 she was n't crying . 
 not again . 
 her eyes were stinging from the wind , was all . 
 there was no reason to be upset . 
 she knew it was coming . 
 she would have done it herself soon . 
 she was n't being fair to ian , or to herself . 
 it still did n't explain why the hole in her heart ached so badly . 
 * * * chase flopped over onto his back , and tess let out a long , contented sigh . 
 `` chase , baby . 
 i do n't know how you do that to me every time , '' tess said . 
 forcing a smile onto his face , chase turned over and kissed her . 
 `` i 'm just that good , '' he said . 
 tess pinched his thigh . 
 `` and you 're just that arrogant . '' 
 `` it 's not arrogance , it 's confidence . '' 
 `` same thing , babe . '' 
 tess scooted out of bed and gathered her clothes , tossed them in her suitcase , then dug out a clean pair of panties and a bra . 
 her uniform was already pressed and hanging on the rack near the hotel door . 
 chase watched her diminutive form as she moved around the room , gathering the rest of her things and packing them away , then hopped in the shower . 
 he was every bit as attracted to her as the day he 'd met her three months ago , but his ability to pretend she satisfied him was waning . 
 he hated the pretense . 
 hated feeling like shit when he had to paste on a smile and act exhausted after a vigorous session in bed with her , when the truth was he was always holding back and was usually just getting started when she was finished , left partially sated and entirely frustrated . 
 he had an inkling she knew , but he had n't had the courage to broach the subject . 
 she had a flight to boston in a few hours , so he doubted the discussion would happen right then . 
 he had a gig himself in a while , headlining at the mayne stage here in chicago . 
 he liked tess , a lot . 
 he had a good time with her . 
 but ... it just was n't enough . 
 tess emerged from the shower to find chase standing nak * d at the eleventh-floor window , staring out at the swirling snow . 
 she stood next to him in silence for a while , then looked up at him . 
 `` this is n't working , chase . '' 
 he glanced down at her . 
 serious green eyes gazed back up at him , calm and collected . 
 `` no , i guess not . '' 
 he turned back to the view of downtown chicago . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` why are you sorry ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it 's ... i 'm just sorry this did n't work . 
 you 're an amazing girl , and i wish - '' `` i ca n't keep up with you . 
 i know i ca n't . 
 but i think that 's only a part of the problem . 
 there 's something else . 
 that thing you said you 'd tell me ` eventually . ' '' 
 tess leaned her head against his arm . 
 `` this is eventually , but you still do n't have to tell me . 
 it 's someone else . 
 i see the way you look at me sometimes . 
 maybe i look like her , or something . 
 i do n't know . 
 but that 's what it is . '' 
 `` yeah , sort of . 
 but it 's - '' `` complicated , '' tess said in sync with him . 
 `` yeah , '' chase said . 
 `` it 's really complicated . '' 
 tess turned away from him , dropped the towel , and stepped into her panties , then hooked her bra around her middle and slipped it on . 
 `` i do n't need to know the details . 
 but i 'll tell you this : a lot of the time , when someone says something is complicated , what they really mean is they 're afraid of the truth . 
 they 're afraid of what will happen , afraid of the consequences . '' 
 she turned back to chase . 
 `` good things often come with tough consequences . 
 it just makes us appreciate the good that much more . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' chase said . 
 `` but it 's not me you have to convince . 
 it 's her . '' 
 tess shrugged . 
 `` i do n't have to convince anyone . 
 you do . 
 and if it 's meant to be , it 'll happen . '' 
 she put on her flight attendant uniform , zipped her bags , and then set her rolling suitcase on end , handle extended . 
 `` i care about you , chase . 
 you 're a good man and an incredible lover . 
 i really am sorry this did n't work out , too . '' 
 chase thunked his head against the cold glass , then moved toward tess . 
 `` i have n't been fair to you , tess . 
 and that 's what i 'm sorry for . '' 
 she smiled at him , a little sadly . 
 `` i knew this was coming a long time ago . 
 i knew it was coming when you said you did n't want to talk about it back in eric 's gym . 
 i was just being selfish . 
 i wanted a piece of you for myself . '' 
 `` well , you got a piece . 
 a big piece . '' 
 he grinned lecherously , but his heart was n't in it , and neither was hers . 
 `` seriously , though . 
 this goodbye sucks . '' 
 tess nodded . 
 `` yes , it does . 
 all goodbyes do . '' 
 he leaned toward her and kissed her , careful not to smudge her makeup or wrinkle her uniform . 
 when he let her go , tess took a deep breath and let it out . 
 `` goodbye , chase . '' '' 
 ` bye , tess . '' 
 he watched her leave , wondering what he was supposed to do with himself now . 
 he took a long shower and dressed , packed his one duffel bag , and left the hotel . 
 the snow was bitterly cold against his shower-hot skin , and the wind was even worse , snatching his breath away . 
 he walked aimlessly , trying to empty his heart , snuff out the turmoil inside himself . 
 he shrugged deeper into his thick coat , eyes downcast , attention wandering . 
 his bag was slung over one shoulder , and his hands were dug into his pockets . 
 he thought he might be capable of just walking , walking , walking until the snow buried him or the cold froze him , or the hole in his chest ate him from the inside out . 
 then he rounded a corner , and something soft yet firm slammed into him , knocking him backward . 
 he slipped on a patch of ice , tangled up with whoever he 'd run into , and tumbled to the sidewalk , slamming his head into the concrete . 
 he saw stars , squeezing his eyes shut against the pain . 
 then something familiar spiked through the fog and the thunder in his skull to his awareness . 
 it was subtle at first , a combination of scents , lotion and perfume and shampoo , woman-scent ... and then a series of sensations , the way her body fit against his , a tickle of hair on his face , and the heat of an intense gaze . 
 chase cracked his eyelids open to see the burning jade orbs that had haunted his dreams for months staring down at him . 
 `` y-you ? '' 
 her voice broke . 
 chase tried to catch his breath and speak , but the wind scoured past his nose and mouth , taking it , and the pain in his head and the ache in his heart all conspired to keep him gasping . 
 most of all , it was her beauty that left him breathless . 
 her hands were on his chest , resting lightly . 
 her lips were inches from his , red and full . 
 her br ** sts were crushed against him , and ... he was instantly erect , hard as a rock and near to bursting in the space of a single heartbeat . 
 and all jamie was doing was looking at him . 
 then he truly looked at her . 
 her eyes were red , and unshed tears were pooling , threatening to spill out . 
 `` jamie ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 she could only shake her head . 
 she tried to get off him , to stand up , but she could n't . 
 chase let his head touch back down to the cold concrete , snow drifting around his eyes , and gazed up at her . 
 `` yeah , me either , '' he said . 
 jamie laughed , a choked sound . 
 `` help me up . 
 i ca n't ... '' chase stood up gingerly , helping jamie to her feet . 
 he did n't let go when they were upright . 
 he drew her instinctively into his arms , and she went willingly , seemingly unconsciously . 
 `` what 's wrong , jay ? '' 
 `` everything . 
 you . 
 me . 
 just ... everything . '' 
 chase laughed again , knowing what she meant , somehow . 
 `` i wish i did n't understand that , but i do . 
 all too well . '' 
 `` why are you here ? 
 why do you always show up at the worst times ? '' 
 `` i wish i knew . '' 
 he felt truth boiling on his lips . 
 `` but then ... i do know . 
 i keep showing up because we 're meant to be . '' 
 `` it ca n't be . '' 
 `` but it is . '' 
 jamie sobbed into his chest , as if a dam had burst open , then cut herself off just as quickly . 
 `` why ? 
 why , chase ? '' 
 `` why what ? '' 
 jamie pulled back to meet his green piercing brown . 
 `` why did you have to make me fall in love with you ? 
 i was n't supposed to fall in love with you . '' 
 chase felt something hot and wet burn down his cheek . 
 `` i do n't know , jay . 
 but i 've been wondering the same thing . 
 why , oh , why did i have to fall in love with the one girl i ca n't have ? '' 
 jamie 's eyes slid closed , fluttered , then opened . 
 when her eyes met his again , he saw a new kind of determination in them . 
 as if she 'd made a decision . 
 the hot wetness stung his eyes , almost as if he was crying , but that was n't possible . 
 he had n't cried since he was in elementary school , if not before . 
 certainly not over a girl . 
 then he felt moist , soft , wet lips touch his cheek where the saltiness stung his skin , heat on his cold flesh . 
 again and again her lips touched his face , cheek , chin , forehead , throat , neck , then ... a pause ... bated breath ... and her lips touched his . 
 chase 's eyes were closed tight , blocking away the world , and he almost flinched , so intense and visceral was the sensation of her lips on his . 
 like hot wine , like a drug . 
 he had no chance of resisting . 
 he kissed her back , softly at first . 
 so softly . 
 then her lips pulled away , and he heard her drag in a shuddering breath . 
 he opened his eyes and saw her , tear-tracks on her cheeks , wiping them with trembling fingers . 
 chase mimicked her gesture , kissing away the salt of her tears , trailing kisses across her face , over her lips , tasting hesitantly , then taking hungrily . 
 she met him with equally sudden ferocity , and they were lost together then . 
 chase pulled away first . 
 `` if you walk away again , if you tell me no again , i 'll be broken in a way that can never be fixed , '' he said . 
 jamie shuddered , and then collapsed into his chest . 
 `` me , too . '' 
 her words were muffled by his coat , but he heard them . 
 `` is this happening ? 
 us ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she nodded . 
 `` it has to . 
 it ca n't not . '' 
 jamie looked up at chase and let him see into her heart through her eyes . 
 `` i 'm terrified . '' 
 chase licked his kiss-swollen lips . 
 `` me , too . '' 
 `` where do we go ? 
 what do we do ? '' 
 jamie asked . 
 `` well , first i have a show to play . 
 then i 'm going to find a hotel , and i 'm going to kiss you and make love to you until you beg me to stop . '' 
 jamie shuddered into him , but this was a different , more feral and salacious , kind of shudder . 
 `` i 'll never want you to stop . '' 
 she arched into him , wind-blown red curls tangling around them both , and he felt fire blaze through his body , instant heat , instant need . 
 `` never . '' 
 `` then i never will , '' he answered . 
 chase kissed jamie again , and this time it was slow and languorous and full of promise . 
 their eyes met again as they pulled apart , and the heat flying between them was hot enough to melt the snow as it drifted between their bodies . 
 the promise in her eyes had him ready to explode , and he knew when they finally came together , it would stop his world . 
