 chapter 1 the hearings have been going on for days . 
 i do n't know why i thought it was over , just because we got the truth out . 
 there are always people who refuse to believe it , or want to analyze what they 've seen seventy-four times before they even try to accept that reality has changed . 
 i 've been answering the same questions under oath for them for the last week , so i 'm at the end of my patience when i 'm summoned , yet again . 
 the room-bot tells me , `` your presence is required in conference room 7-j , sirantha jax . '' 
 well , of course it is . 
 my eyes burn as i step out into the pristine white corridor . 
 i feel oddly fragile , as if my bones have grown too big for my skin . 
 i have n't been sleeping well in what used to be farwan 's staff dormitory , and they wo n't let me see march . 
 they 're keeping us sequestered to make sure we do n't synchronize our stories , i guess . 
 the conglomerate-appointed taskforce has a great interest in getting at the truth , which is understandable , given that we 've known only what the corp chose to disseminate for decades now . 
 the conglomerate spent countless centuries as an impotent coalition of planetary representatives , holding sessions and debating issues that never changed anything . 
 now all the representatives are gathered on new terra , jockeying for power and trying to fill the void left by farwan 's fall . 
 at this point , the conglomerate ca n't be blamed for its zeal . 
 they do n't want someone else to seize control while things whirl in a chaotic spin . 
 does n't mean i enjoy these constant , courteous interrogations . 
 i find it difficult not to flash back to all the `` counseling '' sessions i suffered after kai died . 
 kai was my pilot first , then my friend-and then he was ... everything . 
 i 'd never known it was possible to love as he did-with complete devotion yet devoid of promises . 
 the crash of the sargasso , engineered by farwan corporation , reshaped my world , and for a while i was n't sure i 'd survive the shift . 
 that 's behind me now . 
 the world has changed because of kai 's death . 
 people wo n't forget him , and that assuages the loss . 
 the other day , i saw on the news , they 're building a monument in center park , a small reproduction of the sargasso with a brass plaque graven with the names of the dead . 
 the conglomerate mines its representatives from corporations and special-interest groups . 
 only a few come from genuine free elections , devoid of corruption , kickbacks , and nepotism , and i ca n't honestly say whether i 've done a good thing by destroying farwan . 
 if nothing else , they were stable , and now we have a great chasm at the center , around which everything trembles . 
 but i could n't let them get away with murdering kai . 
 people nod at me as i pass through the hallway and into the lift , heading for the seventh floor . 
 i 'm a public figure now . 
 i always was to some degree , i suppose . 
 the news vids often flashed images of me , returning from a successful jump , and the gutter press loved to publicize my barroom brawls . 
 bracing myself , i step through the open doorway into conference room 7-j . 
 to my surprise , i do n't find the usual panel of judges and planetary representatives gazing at me with poorly concealed disapproval . 
 maybe they finally believe i 'm telling the truth , but they do n't like me for it . 
 thanks to me , the status quo has been destroyed , and now we have multiple parties rushing to fill the vacuum , some of which are worse than farwan . 
 sometimes the truth does n't set you free ; it just presents a different set of problems . 
 instead i find dina , march , and the chancellor of new terra . 
 march smiles at me with such warmth that my heart contracts . 
 they 've cleared him of charges since nobody died during the standoff , plus the resultant broadcast knocked him clean off center stage . 
 when he thought i was dead , he stormed corp headquarters and took the whole building hostage . 
 march did n't think it would bring me back . 
 he just wanted to watch the man who gave the order die . 
 the woman , dina , looks good , as if she 's been getting some sun , and her blond hair shines with new highlights . 
 when she feels my scrutiny , she discreetly flips me the bird . 
 i barely restrain a smile . 
 you all right ? 
 he comes into me quietly . 
 right after i met march , i thought i was going crazy - and perhaps i was , but not because i sensed him inside my head when he should n't be . 
 since he 's psi , he can skim surface thoughts as if he were dipping a net into the water . 
 with most people , that 's all he can do without causing irreparable harm . 
 our theta waves are compatible , which means he can share a lot more with me . 
 i answer with my eyes and a slight smile . 
 just being in the same room with him makes things better . 
 easier . 
 the chancellor gazes between us as if sensing subtext . 
 he 's a sharp one . 
 suni tarn is a big man , rawboned , with disheveled salt-and-pepper hair , but he wears real silk . 
 a study in contrasts , then . 
 his smile seems sincere as he invites , `` take a seat , ms. jax . '' 
 warily , i do so . 
 `` what 's this about ? '' 
 i expected to find another panel wanting to hear the same story yet again . 
 for some reason , this assembly makes me nervous . 
 march offers a look of quiet reassurance , and some of the tension fades . 
 if it was bad , he 'd warn me , surely . 
 `` the conglomerate has served as figurehead long enough , and we 're determined to restructure so that regulatory functions return to our control . 
 no longer will the private sector control tariffs and jump-travel training . 
 after reviewing your testimony , we 'd like to repay you for your loyalty to the conglomerate . 
 it ca n't have been easy , staying one jump ahead of farwan when they were so determined to suppress the truth . '' 
 after replaying his words in my head , they still ring with governmental doublespeak . 
 `` i 'm not actually sure what that means . '' 
 `` they intend to make you an ambassador , '' dina says with a smirk . 
 mary , i 've missed her . 
 `` true . '' 
 tarn nods , folding his hands before him . 
 `` there are a few formerly class-p worlds that have reached the correct level of technology to be considered for addition to the conglomerate . 
 there are also a number of xenophobic planets from which we need to recruit representatives . 
 if they are allowed to secede , they will presume they are exempt from travel regulations and tariffs as well . 
 and that 's how wars start . '' 
 we share a grim silence , remembering the casualties from the axis wars . 
 in the aftermath , farwan stepped into the breach , offering impartial mediation . 
 they took control by centimeters , and nobody noticed the bloodless coup until the corp had stripped the conglomerate of all decision-making autonomy . 
 oh , the tier worlds still elected representatives every ten turns or so , and they went around talking about `` issues , '' but farwan held the real power . 
 until now . 
 `` i 'm flattered , '' i say carefully , because this mission sounds like a great way to get killed . 
 maybe that 's why they want to send me . 
 i 'm no stranger to the notion of peoplewanting to space me to tie up loose ends . 
 `` but my first obligation is to finish what i 've started . 
 i have people on lachion counting on me to help them get what they need to found a jump-training academy . '' 
 march studies me with an inscrutable expression , but i receive a sense that he 's proud of me . 
 this opportunity would keep me in the limelight , almost like being a nav-star again , but i do n't want that life anymore . 
 i want to make love to him in my shabby glastique flat on gehenna , see how doc 's doing , and then go find out how we can help on lachion . 
 `` they have everything they could possibly need , '' tarn tells me . 
 `` when we seized farwan 's assets , that included their research , and we disbursed the information to all interested parties . 
 your friends are n't the only ones engaged in genetically engineering a race better suited to the nav chair . 
 we 're living in an exciting time , full of innovation and change , but we 'll have to wait and see what happens , just like everyone else . 
 however , that leaves you at loose ends , i believe . '' 
 i can see how tarn got elected . 
 he has a charming , toothy smile and a persuasive manner . 
 maybe it 's a reflex left over from dealing with the corp , but i do n't trust him . 
 he has a point , however . 
 if they have all the data they need , which i 'll verify with keri , then the rest is lab work for doc to do on his own . 
 i remember those poor women on hon-durren 's kingdom , and part of me shies away . 
 in my time i 've seen some horrific things , but few things have lingered like that ward of helpless breeders , catatonic females condemned to be used as wombs . 
 i do n't like the idea of genetic engineering , but thankfully , it 's not my responsibility . 
 the conglomerate will appoint arbiters and navigator activists when the time comes , i have no doubt . 
 still , there wo n't be a class for me to train for a while yet , and i 'm not the only teacher anymore . 
 everyone who used to work at the farwan academy is now looking for a job , too . 
 `` if they do n't need my help on lachion , i 'd rather go back to jumping for its own sake , '' i answer finally . 
 `` logging new beacons . 
 that was what i loved . '' 
 tarn arches a brow with an indulgent air , almost as if he 's talking to a child . 
 `` and who 's going to pay you to do that , sirantha ? 
 that is n't a conglomerate priority at this time , i 'm afraid , and your ship will have expenses : fuel , food , miscellaneous supplies . 
 not to mention a living wage for the crew . '' 
 shit . 
 i 've never needed to think about a paycheck before . 
 i 'm not even sure how much i have in my personal accounts . 
 living on farwan stations where they comped everything , i did n't have to worry about such details . 
 if they have no use for me on lachion right now , then i 'd just be living off keri 's largesse , and they 're already going through tough times because of me . 
 then it sinks in . 
 i actually need a job , and i 'm probably not in a position to turn down an offer at the moment . 
 i 'll need to check my financials as soon as possible , assuming my assets have n't been frozen because they came from farwan . 
 surely that 's not possible . 
 i wo n't feel easy about it until i find out , though . 
 `` why me ? '' 
 that 's a last-ditch effort to refute the inevitable . 
 `` we want you and your crew to start with ithiss-tor . 
 you 're in a unique position , as ... '' tarn checks his notes on the datapad . 
 `` velith il-nok , a bounty hunter of some repute , is willing to travel with you to his homeworld and help you traverse the obstacles that tripped up other ambassadors . 
 `` needless to say , this mission does present its share of dangers . 
 given the current state of the shipping lanes , you will be fortunate to get there in one piece . '' 
 he pauses to let the gravity of his statement sink in . 
 oh , how i wish he were kidding . 
 but tarn does n't seem to have much of a sense of humor . 
 and he 's right . 
 pirates , raiders , smugglers ... they all know there 's no strong corp militia coming to kick their asses anymore ; the time has never been better for them to ply their trade and push the lawless frontier a little closer to civilization . 
 it 's going to be a f ** king mess out there . 
 and it 's largely my fault . 
 i sigh and scrub my hand over my face as tarn continues , `` so i 'll allow you twenty-four hours to discuss the opportunity with your crew . 
 you 'll find the conglomerate most generous , however , if you should choose to join our employ . '' 
 `` does this mean we 're finished with the hearings ? 
 we 're free to do as we please ? '' 
 i would n't quite call what they did to us house arrest , but it was close . 
 as i mentioned , we were n't permitted to fraternize with each other at all . 
 tarn nods . 
 `` we have all the testimony we need from you . 
 now , if you 'll excuse me , i 'm expected in 12-h for a bounce-relay chat with ielos . '' 
 with that , the chancellor heads for the door . 
 i sigh . 
 sure , we 'll discuss it , but i know the smell of an offer i ca n't refuse . 
 * * * chapter 2 `` so what do you two think ? '' 
 if i go , they 're going with me . 
 that much is a given . 
 dina grimaces and pushes to her feet . 
 she 's a stocky woman who could kick my ass with one hand tied behind her back , but luckily , she does n't want to anymore . 
 i do n't think . 
 `` i think it 's a sucker 's job . '' 
 then she grins . 
 `` and we 're just the suckers to do it . 
 how bad could it be ? '' 
 i stare at her . 
 `` why do you have to say shit like that ? 
 seriously . 
 why ? '' 
 `` because it makes you nervous ? '' 
 `` big deal , '' i mutter . 
 `` everything makes me nervous . 
 it 's a wonder i have n't developed a tic . '' 
 `` you have , '' march puts in , ever helpful . 
 `` your left eye sort of - '' `` thanks , baby . 
 you 're a gem . '' 
 he smirks , the expression that used to make me want to slap him . 
 now it makes me want to tie him up and do things to him until he says he 's sorry . 
 `` we should check with the chancellor 's assistant . 
 i 'm sure they have an itinerary for us , '' he adds . 
 i shrug . 
 `` we have twenty-four hours . 
 after all this , they owe us some rec time . '' 
 for once dina agrees with me . 
 `` do they ever . 
 this place is a dump . '' 
 she dismisses the sterile conference room with four blank bisque walls with a contemptuous gesture . 
 `` is n't there anything to do here ? '' 
 thinking back to my training days , i try to remember . 
 `` not by gehenna or even venice minor standards . 
 but there are a few good bars in wickville over on the west side . 
 at least there used to be . 
 place called quincy 's had a trio that played folkazz , good stuff . 
 but remember , i 've been gone a long time - '' i find myself talking to her back . 
 if i know her at all , she 'll catch a lift over to where she 's likely to find a party and leave the details up to us . 
 our ship 's mechanic lives for a good time and makes no bones about it . 
 oddly , i respect her for that . 
 dina does n't dwell on everything she 's lost . 
 the woman surpasses me in that regard , but she does n't brood over it . 
 does n't use it like a weapon to make other people feel sorry for her . 
 without a word , march pulls me into his arms . 
 i hope nobody else needs the conference room because it does n't feel like he 's letting go anytime soon . 
 he rests his cheek against the top of my stubbly head . 
 just after we landed on new terra-before the bounty hunter snatched me-my crewmates decided i 'd be less recognizable without my hair . 
 i still ca n't believe they shaved my head for nothing . 
 march tightens his arms around me , and i luxuriate in his heat . 
 this separation has been harder on him than on me because first he thought i was dead , and then before he could make the mental adjustment , they quarantined us to prepare for our testimonies . 
 a shudder runs through him . 
 `` sometimes i 'm afraid i 'll wake up and you wo n't be here . '' 
 part of me-the part that 's still raw over losing kai - wants to back away from such unabashed need . 
 i 'm afraid i ca n't handle it , that i 'll hurt him again like i did on gehenna . 
 part of me needs him every bit as much , though . 
 i 'm afraid of that , too . 
 i was n't always such a contrary bundle of fears . 
 that 's new . 
 i like the person i am now , though . 
 jax the nav-star did n't care for anyone but kai , certainly did n't care about the state of the universe or acting in the interest of the greater good . 
 i 'm not sure i 'm cut out to be a hero like march , but i want to try . 
 not for the fame and glory but because i want to leave something behind that matters more than the number of jumps i made . 
 i want things to be better because of me . 
 he lifts his head , and his gaze meets mine . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere , '' i say aloud , though it is n't a surety i can truly offer . 
 life is precarious , and it turns in a flash . 
 as if he knows this , his lips drift over mine , delicately possessive . 
 his kiss sparks a chemical reaction , endorphins careening wildly . 
 lifting his head , march exhales slowly . 
 `` you want to - '' a throat clears behind us . 
 `` we have a meeting scheduled , '' someone says in the polite tone that conceals amusement . 
 we break apart like kids caught necking on the front doorstep . 
 i smile over that as we hurry out of 7-j . 
 once we get some distance down the hall , i pause and gaze up at him . 
 he 's no prettier than when i first laid eyes on him . 
 march still looks mean as a black-tailed rattler , but as always , i focus on his dark , gold-flecked eyes fringed in those ridiculously luxurious lashes . 
 it 's just as well he has such a hard-hewn face . 
 with those eyes , he 'd just be too pretty if he were anywhere close to handsome . 
 besides , i look like a war refugee these days , scrawny , scarred , and bald as an egg , so i ca n't have some beautiful man outshining me . 
 `` do i want to ... ? '' 
 i arch a brow at him , as if i do n't know perfectly well what he 's going to suggest . 
 he grins . 
 `` go to wickville and listen to some folkazz . '' 
 okay , he got me . 
 he 's the mind reader , not me , which is just as well . 
 i 'd be dangerous if i could do what march does . 
 hell , i 'm dangerous anyway . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` not really . 
 not in the mood . '' 
 we start walking again , meandering along the corridor to the lift . 
 `` you want to bounce a message to lachion ? 
 double-check what tarn told us ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` we should try to find an independent relay computer , too . 
 i do n't trust station terminals . '' 
 march does n't argue as we step into the tube . 
 a whooshing sound sends us to our floor , and as we get out , he asks , `` you sure this is n't more paranoia , jax ? '' 
 he has a point . 
 my instincts are a mess . 
 i 'm prone to flipping out for no reason after the psychs finished tinkering with my brain . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but people who want something from you never tell the whole truth , so i need to check his story . 
 see what keri says . 
 i do n't want to have traded one corrupt master for another . '' 
 `` absolute power corrupts absolutely . '' 
 i stop outside my quarters . 
 `` are you saying all this was for nothing ? 
 the conglomerate will eventually be as thoroughly raddled with dirty politics , kickbacks , suppression of information , and borderline tyranny as the corp ? '' 
 he hesitates as if weighing his words . 
 `` it 's change . 
 who knows exactly what 's in store ? 
 right now everything 's in a state of upheaval . 
 historians will draw the conclusions , not me . '' 
 `` heh . 
 with my luck , i 'll be known as the one who ended an era of peace and prosperity , huh ? '' 
 `` maybe , but you 'll be dead , and you wo n't care . 
 now go bundle up , and i 'll do the same . 
 meet you back here ? '' 
 i remember we 're in ankaraj , which means snow , and the wind tears through you like a steel hook . 
 `` nah , just wait for me downstairs . '' 
 one of these days , i 'm going to get ready faster than he does . 
 but not today . 
 by the time i find an overcoat and layer my clothing to withstand the winter chill , i find him lounging in the foyer . 
 he takes in the navy s-wool coat with hood and muffler paired with clunky brown boots . 
 to think i used to be considered one of the best-dressed women in the tier worlds - in fact , i made the list twice . 
 i sigh a little . 
 on the plus side , i gained ten kilos in clothing , and the way i look now , that 's a good thing . 
 `` cute , '' he pronounces . 
 i wish he 'd shot me . 
 `` bastard . '' 
 first order of business is to find a non-corp , non-conglomerate terminal where we can bounce a message to keri . 
 that will cost money , so we 'll need to hit a bank first . 
 maybe march can cover it , but i need to be independent . 
 the idea of being dependent on anyone , for anything , makes me feel odd and queasy . 
 that means checking on the status of my personal accounts , which simon , the estranged husband who tried to have me killed , better not have f ** ked with . 
 i also need to have a new pay-card issued . 
 mary only knows the turmoil of the currency situation . 
 maybe corp credits have been devalued entirely . 
 shit , i hope not . 
 drawing my hood up around my ears , i head for the door . 
 stop short . 
 the woman drawing back a gorgeous , filmy thermal scarf looks eerily familiar . 
 she shakes a few flakes of snow from her ink-dark hair , managing to look graceful and elegant while she does so . 
 her perfectly painted mouth rounds into an `` o '' when she registers me . 
 `` sirantha ? '' 
 she chokes out . 
 `` mother ? '' 
 for march 's sake , i make the introduction . 
 `` this is ramona jax , my mother . 
 mother , this is march . '' 
 let them make of each other what they will . 
 * * * chapter 3 half an hour later , we 're sitting in a cafe near what used to be farwan headquarters , though it 's now the conglomerate command center on new terra . 
 few patrons are sitting in the restaurant this time of day , too late for breakfast and too early for lunch . 
 the place is done in tones of amber and gold , heavy , fringed shades giving the room a diffuse , smoky glow , frosted by the ice on the outside of the windows . 
 it 's eerie . 
 my mother does n't look a day older than when i left . 
 either she did n't worry about me , or she spent my father 's money on antiaging treatments . 
 my credits , assuming i still have some , are on both . 
 `` the shock killed him , '' she 's saying . 
 `` everywhere he went , someone asked , ` is n't that your daughter ? ' 
 when they flashed that horrid picture of you . 
 he just could n't take it anymore . 
 i always knew there was something wrong with it , though . '' 
 `` you did ? '' 
 i 've barely recovered from her first tactless announcement , and a stabbing pain between my shoulder blades prompts march to regard me with concern . 
 ca n't believe nobody told me . 
 `` you loved working for the corp. . 
 mary knows you defied everything we wanted for you to do it , so i knew you would n't have run off without a good reason . '' 
 heh . 
 she calls everything i went through after the sargasso `` running off . '' 
 this fundamental disconnect would be why i left new terra in the first place . 
 i ca n't believe my dad is gone , though it explains her glamorous interpretation of widow 's weeds . 
 `` no , she would n't , '' march puts in . 
 i can see ramona assessing him , trying to figure us out . 
 with a faint half smile , he makes it easy for her by curling his arm around me . 
 i lean in , watching her warily . 
 she wants something , or she would n't be here . 
 but what does she think i can do for her ? 
 that 's the question . 
 the small talk continues , and she sidles around the subject of the crash and my dead lover , unpleasantness we should n't dwell on , according to her . 
 ramona does mention that she knows a lovely cosmetic surgeon who could help me with those `` unsightly marks '' via laser therapy . 
 i set my jaw . 
 `` no thanks , '' i say quietly . 
 `` i want to keep them . '' 
 we 've been together less than an hour , and already exasperation shows in her tone . 
 `` well , for mary 's sake , why , sirantha ? '' 
 `` you like to pretend bad things never happen . 
 i prefer to remember , so i wo n't make the same mistakes again . '' 
 i flick a glance at march . 
 `` besides , guys dig them . '' 
 he grins . 
 `` i do . 
 they make you look dangerous . '' 
 this place is automated . 
 most places have a human programmer who supervises the equipment , but otherwise , the cafe is nearly empty , just us and a couple of others across the room . 
 i shift long enough to tap out an order for hot choclaste on the wall panel . 
 the kitchen-mate at our table handles basic requests . 
 anything complex or exotic would be forwarded to the gourmet unit in the kitchen , and an autoserver would bring it to us . 
 march does n't like them , but i think they 're cute , little beverage carts on wheels , equipped with a primitive ai chip . 
 my mother pauses to regroup , studying march with what would be a narrow-eyed stare , except that might cause wrinkles . 
 still , the impression remains via the intensity of her regard . 
 he does n't flinch . 
 at last she looks away , and i have the sense he 's won something without knowing what it is . 
 `` i understand they plan to appoint you as ambassador for new terra , '' ramona begins . 
 talk about a subject change . 
 we 're finally getting down to the meat of why she came looking for me , though . 
 it was n't to hug me and bask in her gratitude that i 'm all right . 
 my mother does n't possess a scintilla of pure maternal sentiment . 
 i raise a brow . 
 `` how could you possibly know that ? '' 
 `` oh , i hear things . '' 
 she waves a hand in an airy , elegant gesture that would look ridiculous from anyone else . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 my dry tone is lost on her . 
 `` indeed . 
 do you plan to accept the appointment ? '' 
 she seems nervous , almost frightened , in fact . 
 her red-lacquered nails tap out a subliminal statement on the glastique table . 
 `` i thought i 'd become a junk dealer . '' 
 yes , i 'm baiting her deliberately . 
 `` maybe do salvage runs , or possibly just settle down on new terra and go to work in recycling . 
 have some brats . 
 would you like that ? '' 
 i ask march . 
 you 're so evil , he tells me silently . 
 then he chokes out , eyes watering , `` whatever you want . '' 
 shit , i wish i 'd recorded that . 
 i can think of any number of situations where playback would come in handy . 
 `` no ! 
 oh , sirantha , you must n't even joke . '' 
 she reaches for my hand , where it 's curled around my cup . 
 `` you simply must take the post . '' 
 here we go . 
 my choclaste has cooled enough to drink , so i take a sip to cover my annoyance . 
 this means pulling away from her , of course , which was the whole point . 
 i intend to accept tarn 's offer , but my inclination toward a course of action always plummets in direct correlation to someone 's demand . 
 call me contrary . 
 `` must i ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` we need someone like you on ithiss-tor , '' she replies . 
 `` just go and be yourself , and everything will be fine . '' 
 her posture reflects anxiety and duress . 
 since ramona has been trying to annihilate my personality since i was eight years old , i tense . 
 something really is n't right . 
 march confirms my impression with a nod . 
 now he 's frowning as well . 
 `` who 's ` we ' ? '' 
 her eyes dart around the nearly deserted coffeehouse , as if she suspects an eavesdropper . 
 this is n't like her , at least , not the woman i remember . 
 she 's a society darling , a flighty little butterfly , and i was supposed to be one , too . 
 `` people i owe money , '' she whispers , and her dark eyes well up with tears . 
 i 'm staggered by that . 
 `` what ? 
 who ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 it takes her a moment to collect herself . 
 `` we owned stock in farwan . 
 when ... everything happened , we were ruined . 
 i did n't know ; your father did n't tell me . 
 i went on , as i always had , spending ... it was n't until your father ... died that ... '' i can piece together the rest . 
 my father killed himself over their reversal in fortune . 
 who could possibly expect him to get a job ? 
 people came to his gallery because he had money , not because he had impeccable taste . 
 once the cache was gone , the gallery would 've gone straight down , too . 
 and my mother kept spending money she did n't have . 
 what i do n't understand is why her creditors want me on ithiss-tor . 
 `` what does this have to do with me ? '' 
 maybe that sounds cruel . 
 perhaps some women would be overcome by sentiment and obligation , despite the long estrangement , but they did n't lift a finger to help me when i was in trouble . 
 i can count on one hand the people who did , and ramona does n't make the a-list . 
 `` we can not allow a successful diplomatic mission to ithiss-tor . '' 
 i start at the deep , mechanical voice emitting from a jeweled brooch on my mother 's jacket . 
 no wonder she 's been watching her words . 
 they 're monitoring us . 
 do i answer it ? 
 my mother 's face pales until her skin looks like clotted milk . 
 her hands tremble , so she squeezes them into fists and rubs them against her thighs . 
 march makes the decision for me . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 there 's a hint of feedback as the pin replies , `` sliders , bugs , whatever you choose to call them , represent a threat to our way of life . 
 we can not take the risk that they will respond favorably to conglomerate overtures and make plans to infiltrate our society on a widespread basis . '' 
 i really do n't get it . 
 if that 's their stance , however xenophobic , does n't it make more sense to ask me not to go ? 
 ramona says nothing , seeming paralyzed with fear . 
 oh , the irony-she probably spent money they did n't have on that piece of jewelry , which her new masters then turned into an electronic leash . 
 `` how does jax play into that ? '' 
 i 'm content to let march ask the questions . 
 he 'll cover anything i want to know ; there 's a real benefit to this whole symbiotic bond , apart from mind-blowing sex . 
 absently , he strokes my upper arm . 
 it 's strange to be having a conversation with someone i can neither see nor picture in my mind 's eye . 
 the voice coming from my mother 's left bosom sounds distorted and altogether lacks any human quality . 
 who could have bought up her marks ? 
 `` ms. jax has a history of strewing destruction and disorder wherever she goes . 
 we are content that if she goes to ithiss-tor , the natives will want nothing more to do with the conglomerate . 
 we can not take the risk that chancellor tarn will select a candidate greater skilled in oration , tact , and diplomacy . '' 
 `` if you do n't go , '' my mother whispers , `` they 'll kill me . '' 
 * * * chapter 4 `` l would n't have put it so dramatically , '' the pin says . 
 `` but that is , in effect , correct . 
 on the other hand , if you take this assignment , we will see clear to forgive your mother 's debts . 
 i should imagine even you have this much filial affection . '' 
 i do n't even know what to say to that . 
 they 're so convinced i 'll f ** k this up , they are n't even asking me to try to make a mess of it . 
 it 's enough that i go ? 
 i do n't think i 've ever been insulted so casually in my whole life . 
 `` however , '' the voice continues , `` if by some unlikely chance , your diplomatic mission proceeds well , then i 'm afraid we shall be forced to collect our pound of flesh . '' 
 ah , there we go-the stick by which they try to force me to do their bidding . 
 my mother whimpers . 
 above my left eye , i swear i feel twitching ; maybe march was n't kidding about the tic . 
 `` i 'd already decided to take the job , '' i say coolly . 
 `` more than that , i will not promise . '' 
 the thing responds , `` that will suffice ... for now . 
 we will reevaluate your mother 's situation once we see how your task proceeds . '' 
 her brooch crackles as it stops transmitting . 
 ramona looks older somehow , as if her maquillage has cracked , revealing worn skin beneath . 
 `` you 've bought me a little time , '' she manages at last . 
 `` for that i thank you . '' 
 `` do n't thank me . '' 
 i feel savage . 
 i 'd like to slap her for being so silly . 
 `` who the hell did you borrow money from ? '' 
 at first she tries to bluff . 
 `` i 'm not sure , so many documents , and it 's all so complicated - '' but she does n't know about my ace in the hole . 
 i did n't ask him to do it , never would , but sometimes need-to-know outweighs right-to-privacy . 
 i 'm glad march has to weigh those concerns instead of me . 
 if he left the judgments in my hands , i 'm afraid i would use him like an inquisitor . 
 the syndicate ? 
 even in thought , i hear his incredulity . 
 i know-i ca n't believe she 's that stupid either . 
 they 've taken organized crime to a whole new level . 
 no wonder my father took a safe , painless death . 
 at least i hope he did . 
 i should ask if he used a state-sanctioned eutha-booth . 
 that requires a psych profile and an affidavit attesting someone is in his right mind when he decides to end it all . 
 this precaution removes all possibility that a bereaved family will sue the state because the situation could have been ameliorated with medication or dream therapy . 
 sometimes death presents the ultimate solution , though . 
 i 've never been one to look at it like that , as i want to make sure i suck every last drop out of this life before seeing what comes next . 
 i used to believe it was nothing , just a void , but now i 'm not so sure . 
 i 've seen miracles happen . 
 lived to tell of them . 
 at this point , i 'm willing to concede i just ca n't know . 
 ramona stares across the table at us , growing visibly unsettled . 
 if i 'd known how well silence worked at keeping people off balance , i 'd have curbed my tongue years ago . 
 okay , probably not . 
 but maybe i 'd have tried harder . 
 `` the syndicate ? '' 
 i say aloud . 
 her eyes widen , showing threads of red in the white . 
 i see every fleck of mascara she 's used to thicken her lashes , and the dark liner beneath looks spidery somehow . 
 her prettiness is an illusion now , cunning layers of paint to hide the truth . 
 `` how did you - '' she stops , likely realizing her words comprise an admission . 
 `` that 's not important . '' 
 i take another sip of choclaste . 
 i 'll never give march 's secret away . 
 too many people would want to destroy him if they knew . 
 he 's never been through corp training ; he does n't have the safeguards in place that prevent him from raping another mind just because he can . 
 maybe that should terrify me because of our bond , but i know he 'd never hurt me on purpose . 
 he 's had ample opportunity since we 've been together-and as for the rest of the universe , it can look out for itself . 
 `` you 're different , '' she observes . 
 `` and i 'm done for . 
 they think you 'll go out there and make a mess of it . 
 but you wo n't , will you ? '' 
 i wo n't lie . 
 it hurts a little to make the admission . 
 `` not on purpose . 
 i wo n't set out to create an interstellar incident , not even for you . '' 
 ramona smiles , a soft tremulous twist of her mouth . 
 `` then i suppose we 're finished . 
 i should follow after your father if i have any sense . '' 
 `` did he ... ? '' 
 to my surprise , she picks up the cue . 
 neither one of us specializes in subtlety or subtext . 
 i suppose you adapt or die . 
 `` yes . 
 dr. harmon certified him . 
 it was quick . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 i swallow back the lump in my throat . 
 `` look , i have some business to take care of before our departure . 
 i 'll wish you luck , however you sort things out . '' 
 march pays our tab with a swipe of his card . 
 mary , why do i feel this ridiculous weight as i walk away from her ? 
 she looks so alone , sitting in the coffeehouse with her stupid big hair and her black dress with the jewelry that monitors her movements . 
 at the door , i collect my layer of outer garments and wrap up again . 
 we step out into the white swirl of an ankaraj winter . 
 he takes my hand , and i feel his warmth through two centimeters of s-wool . 
 `` so that 's it ? '' 
 he says . 
 `` you 're not giving her another thought ? '' 
 `` would you ? '' 
 he considers for a moment . 
 `` i ca n't say . 
 my mother died when i was five . 
 my father remarried , and my step-mother never cared for me , but she had svetlana ... '' the wind carries his words away , or perhaps he simply does n't want to talk about her . 
 `` anyway , i do n't know . 
 it just seems strange . '' 
 `` what does ? '' 
 when i spy a gap in traffic , i make a break for it . 
 we 're getting our own skimmer , dammit . 
 i 'll try to talk the guy at the garage into loaning us one . 
 i need to find a bank . 
 `` i just did n't think you ever gave up on people you love , that 's all . '' 
 ouch . 
 low blow . 
 we duck into the tunnel that leads down to the vehicle-maintenance bays . 
 the corp owned a fleet and a half , and the conglomerate is still taking inventory . 
 they wo n't notice if one vanishes for an hour or so . 
 the ramp winds down and around for quite a ways , but at least we 're out of the wind . 
 `` i have n't seen her in sixteen years . 
 and i did n't like her when i lived with my folks . 
 sometimes i find it hard to believe ramona is my biological mother . '' 
 lucky break , i know the guy working this level . 
 squid washed out of the academy because he suffers from heterochromia iridium , which he hid by wearing one tinted contact . 
 unfortunately , two different eye colors meant he did n't possess the j-gene , and he lost some iq points inside the simulator before they got him out . 
 these days he 's only fit to patrol the vehicle-maintenance lot . 
 the thermal vents mean i can pull off my hood . 
 should have known something was wrong when my mother did n't say anything about my hair , or lack of it , as soon as i bared myself at the cafe . 
 i wave to squid , who glances behind him to see who else i might be signaling . 
 damn , what 's his real name ? 
 ira . 
 huh , squid might actually be better , though the name was meant as a jab at his iq . 
 `` hey , ira ! 
 how 's it going ? 
 how 've you been ? '' 
 `` uhm . 
 okay . '' 
 he pauses with an expression of what i take to be perpetual confusion . 
 `` do i know you ? '' 
 i smile at him . 
 `` it 's been a long time . 
 we were at the academy together . 
 you think you can hook me up with a skimmer ? '' 
 his moon-pale brow wrinkles up in a scowl . 
 `` i 'm not supposed to let anyone take them . 
 they 've been ... '' ira struggles over the word , and i wince in sympathy , though he does n't notice . 
 `` confiscated ! '' 
 `` i 'm sure that does n't apply to the newly appointed ambassador of new terra , '' march says smoothly . 
 `` if you do n't believe me , confirm with chancellor tarn . 
 of course , he might be annoyed with you for making the ambassador wait , as well as interrupting his conference with the ielosian representatives . '' 
 damn , the man is good ; poor ira looks bewildered . 
 i imagine i do n't look like an ambassador , but then again , how many would he have seen , spending his life roaming around vehicle maintenance ? 
 if this works , this gig might have perks i had n't even imagined . 
 assuming i do n't die horribly on the way to ithiss-tor . 
 `` i did n't know you were an ambassador , '' ira says finally . 
 `` you should really have a badge or something . 
 i can let you borrow a b-class skimmer , but you have to bring it back before my shift ends at five . 
 please ? '' 
 he adds , as if remembering he needs to be polite to me . 
 `` absolutely , '' march assures him . 
 `` we have no plans to leave the city . '' 
 that sends a cold chill down my back . 
 famous last words , best-laid plans , and all that . 
 march takes the codes that will start the engine , and i follow him toward the black-and-red-striped one in the far corner . 
 ira trails behindus , obviously conflicted . 
 i gather he likes following the rules , and we 've made him break them . 
 `` who 're you anyway ? '' 
 he asks march . 
 who flashes his saturnine smile . 
 `` i 'm the guy who kills anyone that messes with the ambassador . '' 
 wow , i like the sound of that . 
 ira does n't venture any more questions before the engine purrs to life . 
 then we 're up , up , and away . 
 * * * chapter 5 there 's nothing like riding a skimmer , even when it 's this cold . 
 the speed , the control , the hint of danger as we swoop around the city . 
 ankaraj is n't a pretty settlement , glittering metal bones jutting from the snow with more determination than grace . 
 i 've never been sure why the corp chose to center its headquarters here . 
 even though new terra ca n't compete with other worlds in terms of natural beauty-and functions as nothing so much as a farm colony-it certainly possesses sites more scenic than this . 
 i hold on tight to march while the wind whips against my face . 
 for these moments , i am perfectly , gloriously free . 
 i do n't need to think about the future , my obligations , or what 's in store for us on ithiss-tor . 
 march knows i ca n't stand feeling trapped . 
 shit , being planet-bound is bad enough . 
 he intuits what those days trapped inside the cave , then later confined to quarters because of the conglomerate inquiry , meant to me . 
 if not for velith il-nok , the bounty hunter slotted to accompany me to ithiss-tor , i would have died in a corp asylum , after taking the blame for any number of their crimes . 
 he and i spent several nerve-wracking days riding out a storm in a cave off the teresengi basin , after he killed his own crew on my behalf . 
 they were monsters , no doubt , but he 'd hired them in good faith . 
 to someone like vel , his word is his bond . 
 but i ca n't think about what i owe him , or guilt will set in . 
 i 'm not used to owing people debts so big , i have no coin to pay . 
 by the time we park outside a transplanetary bank , my fingers feel vaguely numb . 
 i ca n't even remember the account numbers to get past the first security check , so we 're forced to push the call button . 
 an irritated blond man flashes onto the vid screen above the double doors . 
 `` this location does n't handle transplanetary wires or open new accounts , '' he tells me brusquely . 
 `` for that , you need to visit our wonderful new branch in the city center , just two blocks from the aquadome . '' 
 before he can turn off the feed , i answer , `` i have an account here already , i just ca n't remember the code . '' 
 he sighs as if i 'm mentally defective . 
 `` i 'll send someone . '' 
 at least fifteen minutes pass before a stocky brunette appears to unlock the doors manually . 
 her expression radiates disapproval for customers who forget their account codes . 
 if i 'd entered them , the door would have verified them as viable with in-house security and their ai would have unlocked the doors for fifteen seconds . 
 it 's not a foolproof system , but it cuts down on passersby asking to use the lavatory , at least . 
 `` how can i help you today ? '' 
 `` by looking up my account information , '' i say , as she leads us toward her workstation . 
 `` i need to scan your thumb and index finger . 
 you can provide additional information if you like , but it is unlikely to be required . '' 
 `` not a problem . '' 
 i let her zap me with her wand . 
 transplanetary bank does n't believe in embellishing the workplace : beige walls , beige carpet , and one fake plant . 
 her desk is even beige , built of heavy synthetic wood . 
 a prominent nameplate reads silvia kuyeidi , which means she 's descended from the original settlers . 
 i wonder whether her distant ancestors , who revered raven and wolf totems , would approve of her career in banking . 
 then again , so what ? 
 my distant ancestors specialized in spending money and putting on airs . 
 they would n't be impressed with me either . 
 while she taps away , i unwind some of my layers , my least favorite part of a cold climate . 
 they do n't offer chairs for clients unless you 're important enough to be ushered into a private suite . 
 i guess we do n't qualify . 
 when march grins , i do n't need to be a mind reader to know he 's considering a reprise of the whole ambassador bit . 
 that 's going to take some getting used to . 
 i fidget , trying to ignore the unusual aches and pains i 've acquired along the way . 
 ms. kuyeidi bites her lip . 
 uh-oh . 
 i know that look . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i have bad news , ms. jax . 
 when you were ... '' she makes a moue that i interpret as discomfort . '' 
 ... declared dead , your husband filed a next of kin claim , and we consolidated your accounts . 
 and when the conglomerate froze all corp assets , that included the personal accounts of corp executives , such as your husband , who are now awaiting trial . '' 
 `` which means ... ? '' 
 i do n't really need her to say it . 
 i 'm broke . 
 `` your accounts have been closed . '' 
 ms. kuyeidi refuses to meet my eyes , which tells me she 's aware how shitty this is . 
 `` i can provide you with the amount that your husband received at the time of your ... er , death , '' she adds . 
 `` perhaps the conglomerate can see about retrieving the wrongfully allotted funds . 
 such inquiries take time , i 'm afraid . '' 
 `` of course they do , '' i mutter . 
 `` i 'm sorry i could n't be of more assistance , ambassador . '' 
 she speaks the last word with a conspiratorial air . 
 i must have looked perplexed because she adds , `` i saw the announcement on the news just before you arrived . 
 i did n't recognize you right away , though . 
 your hair ... '' great . 
 my mother does n't comment on it , but the bank lady does . 
 i muster a smile . 
 `` yes , i look quite different now . '' 
 silvia sees us to the door . 
 after thanking her , i stomp out into the cold and immediately regret the impulse . 
 i shiver from head to toe as i rewrap myself . 
 feeling me tremble , march powers up the thermal vents , which help a little . 
 `` so what now ? '' 
 he asks , as we climb back on the skimmer . 
 these little beauties can toggle between hover and ground mode with the flick of a switch . 
 speeding over the ice is the closest thing on earth to flying , and it carries a unique thrill . 
 any other time , i 'd beg him to break some records on the tundra-final remnant of the jax i used to be-but right now i need to get this sorted out . 
 `` back to headquarters , i guess . '' 
 `` you think tarn can help you ? '' 
 he calls over the roaring wind . 
 i shrug , knowing he 'll catch the movement as well as the accompanying thoughts . 
 tarn will offer to `` look into the matter , '' but my hope of recovering that 100k hinges on how things go on ithiss-tor . 
 that 's politics for you , a filthy polyglot of one hand washing the other until everything 's unclean . 
 suddenly glum , i rest my chin against march 's back . 
 if i succeed , they 'll kill my mother . 
 if i fail , i 'll be jobless , penniless , and the laughingstock of the tier worlds , assuming the bugs do n't execute me for some breach of etiquette . 
 and that does n't begin to factor in the danger we 'll be in , trying to get to ithiss-tor . 
 i did n't realize how much the clockwork corp patrols factored into keeping the star lanes safe . 
 i hope pirates and raiders will be too busy jacking cargo vessels to mess with a small cutter like ours . 
 a surge of heat beneath me catches my attention , but it 's the high-pitched whine coming from the skimmer that alarms me . 
 i hear march mutter , `` shit , '' as he lets go of the controls and rolls hard left . 
 since i 'm holding on to him , i fall as he does . 
 we hit the ground and tumble , careening into packed snow and stacked garbage cans . 
 my hip feels like it has ground glass embedded in it . 
 the skimmer continues in its flight , but it slows without a hand on the throttle . 
 midair , it shudders and then blows into shards , raining fire and ash down on us . 
 i cover my head as the larger pieces plummet to earth . 
 the icy air smells of burning metal . 
 ah , shit . 
 ira 's gon na be pissed . 
 hope he does n't get in trouble , poor bastard has enough problems . 
 then again , if being an ambassador means anything , i should have the power to promote him out of it . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 if i had a credit for every time march has asked me that question , i would n't be mourning my missing money . 
 `` i 'll live . '' 
 i ca n't restrain a whimper as he pulls me to my feet . 
 `` what are the chances this was a routine malfunction ? '' 
 mouth compressed to a white line , he shakes his head . 
 `` slim to none . '' 
 i test my left hip , the one that took the impact , by taking a step , and fire streaks up my thigh . 
 to cover this , i try to sum up our situation , ticking off the points on my gloved fingertips . 
 `` so one faction-the conglomerate-wants me to succeed on ithiss-tor because they want to strengthen their position as the galactic governing body . 
 another faction-the syndicate-wants me to fail because periods rife with chaos are good for the smuggler 's bottom line . 
 and an unknown faction does n't want me to get there at all . '' 
 march nods his agreement . 
 `` this was meant as a preventive measure . 
 i 'm not sure if they thought they 'd end you like this or just put the fear of mary in you . '' 
 i snort . 
 `` that 'd take more than a bunged-up skimmer , at this point . '' 
 `` they do n't know you like i do . '' 
 with careful fingertips , he traces a feathery touch over my brows , and i feel that lovely little spark . 
 now 's not the time , though . 
 `` can you walk ? '' 
 i rake a quick look around the alley . 
 `` do i have a choice ? 
 this looks like wickville , where auto-cab stands are few and far between . '' 
 his face looks sharp and harsh within the shadowed frame of his black hood , but his eyes soften his whole mien . 
 march swings me up into his arms . 
 `` you always have a choice , as long as i 'm around . 
 if you 'd rather , we 'll hop a ship to maha city , claim some land according to the new homestead act , and plant rutabagas or something . 
 is that what you want , jax ? '' 
 for a moment , just a moment , i consider it . 
 imagine being planet-bound , no more grimspace , no more wildfire , no more notoriety . 
 just a quiet life easing into a quiet death . 
 i could almost , almost manage it , with march by my side . 
 then i shake my head , smiling . 
 `` i do n't think i 'm what chancellor jackson had in mind when he set out to attract honest , hardworking citizens to new terra . 
 besides ... i did n't become a jumper to die old and gray . '' 
 something flashes in his dark eyes , something stark and raw . 
 his answering smile looks like it hurts in ways i ca n't conceive . 
 `` i was afraid you 'd say that . '' 
 * * * chapter 6 as he carries me through the wickville warren , l re flect on what it means for march to love me . 
 the man 's known nothing but loss his whole life . 
 with me he can expect more of the same . 
 i 'm a jumper to the core , complete with all the reckless , thrill-seeking urges . 
 though i 've changed since i first met him , and i 'd like to believe for the better , i 'm never going to be a safe bet . 
 i 'm not a woman you bring home to mother , pick out china patterns with , or mary forefend , breed . 
 i 've seen a chunk of the universe , true , but there 's still so much more to see . 
 i doubt i 'll ever cure this wanderlust , and i 'm content with dedicating my life to failing to sate it . 
 then again , maybe if i checked with him , he 'd say he would rather have two weeks with me than twenty safe years with someone else . 
 after all , that 's what i 'd say if he asked me . 
 kai taught me nothing comes with a guarantee . 
 the sky darkens overhead , heavy with impending snow , and on the far horizon , the setting sun smears the white plain with a diffuse glow . 
 each breath stings the inside of my nostrils , puffs out like smoke . 
 it 's becoming clear we are unequivocally lost , and we 're starting to draw attention . 
 with march carrying me , we look vulnerable . 
 that brings out the predatory instincts in people . 
 buildings low-slung and close together separate wickville from ankaraj proper . 
 there , everything shines with chrome and glastique , and even the gutters stay clean . 
 here , you can find whores , chem , contraband , and wicked music . 
 during my academy days , i spent as much time as i could out here , away from rules and regulations . 
 i even had a boyfriend , an insanely gifted sax player named sebastian , who called me a stroppy little bitch . 
 we fought and f ** ked and fought some more . 
 in retrospect , it 's a wonder i made it to graduation day . 
 the crunch of footsteps demands my attention , somehow ominous and stealthy . 
 `` put me down . 
 it 's better if i walk . '' 
 maybe i was getting heavy anyway because he complies without protest . 
 more likely , he figures he may soon need both hands to fight . 
 march offers a nod as a group of hooded thugs step into our path . 
 the leader says , `` maybe you did n't know , but this is a toll road . 
 you need to pay us fifty credits each in order to use it . '' 
 first , it 's not much of a road . 
 i 'd call it an alley , myself . 
 i ca n't help it ; i 'll die a smart-ass , maybe right here in this alley . 
 `` is that fifty credits from each of us or fifty credits to each of you ? 
 or - '' `` shut up , woman . '' 
 march does n't even glance at me . 
 this better be manly posturing to impress the gangers , or he 's sleeping alone for at least a week . 
 even that threatening thought does n't rouse a reaction from him , though . 
 `` how about i beat the shit out of you , and we call it even ? '' 
 whoa , there are seven of them . 
 he 's sure feeling his oats after plunging ten meters off a doomed skimmer . 
 i do n't think i 'm going to be much help in a fight , and i do n't have a weapon . 
 to my astonishment , the head man breaks down into a belly laugh . 
 `` march , you rat bastard , how you been ? 
 we have n't seen you dirtside in at least five spins . 
 i almost shat when i saw you on the vid . '' 
 while they exchange backslapping hugs all around , i relax muscles i had n't realized i 'd tensed . 
 dammit , they all had me going . 
 and now my hip really hurts because i slid into a fighting crouch out of reflex . 
 men . 
 `` i 'm all right , surge . 
 except we find ourselves a bit disadvantaged in your territory . 
 our ride went down a ways back , and i have no idea where we are . '' 
 `` let 's get you out of the cold , catch up a bit , and then see what we can do about a lift home . 
 where is home these days ? '' 
 maybe it 's the waning light , but march looks grim and weary . 
 `` nowhere , now . 
 i lost the folly . '' 
 his pal shakes his head . 
 `` rough luck , mate . 
 let me stand you one . '' 
 they lead us into a pub via the back door , ignoring the red-faced woman who shouts at them . 
 when surge peels off his winter wraps , i decide he got his name because his wild , springy hair looks like he conducts large amounts of electricity as a hobby . 
 i limp through into the common room , which is grimy , dimly lit , and full of mismatched furniture . 
 ah , home . 
 i might 've been here with sebastian , fifteen years ago . 
 once we settle at a sticky table , i find out they are n't gangers at all but guys march knew in the old days . 
 from what i can gather , they fought together on nicu tertius . 
 mercenaries go wherever they get paid best , and the nicuan empire is always in turmoil , so much that half the time they ca n't even participate in galactic politics . 
 by the time the server puts a mug of hot tea in my hand , i do n't care whether the cup is clean . 
 i sip and listen while they catch up . 
 apparently surge and his boys are working salvage at the moment ; they got tired of fighting other people ` swars . 
 someone named buzzkill died in the last insurrection , and that 's when they called it a day . 
 `` is there a bounce-relay anywhere in this dump ? '' 
 march asks . 
 his friend points to the far wall . 
 the thing is positively ancient , dates back before the axis wars . 
 it does n't even have a card reader ; you key in your digits by hand . 
 `` let me send a message to keri . 
 that was one of our goals today , was n't it ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` make sure she got the data , as tarn claims . '' 
 `` and do n't flash your cred too wide around here , '' surge cautions . 
 march 's gesture says surge and i are both nervous old women . 
 well , he 's got that half-right . 
 a few minutes later , he returns , looking satisfied . 
 `` she should have it in ten to twelve hours , so we 'll hear back by early morning . '' 
 that 'll have to do . 
 tarn will want my decision then , but i 'm not making it unless i 'm sure they do n't need me on lachion . 
 `` so what 's the story with tarn ? '' 
 march takes a seat and picks at a plate of fried ... something . 
 you 'd think i would be used to the way he follows my thoughts by now , but it always seems a little bit eerie . 
 just like the first time . 
 surge shrugs . 
 i ca n't remember the names of all his guys , which is fine , because they 're drinking at other tables now . 
 one of them watches me out of narrowed icy blue eyes . 
 he 's a pretty one , if a little grimy around the edges , and i 'm not sure what has him so interested . 
 maybe he 's never seen a bald chick before . 
 `` he was a nobody before last week , '' surge says . 
 `` now he 's pushing to make new terra the conglomerate capital , and the fact that farwan fell apart here is lending him some momentum , but as far as i can tell , he has no more power than any other representative . '' 
 our waitress sets a carafe down at my elbow . 
 i sniff it . 
 the fumes decree that it 's extremely alcoholic , so i tip some into my weak tea . 
 there 's probably a still in the basement . 
 in wickville they make the homebrew out of whatever they have to hand . 
 hopefully , it will take the edge off the pain . 
 medicinal usage aside , if i drink enough of this brown lightning , i wo n't care about my hip anymore . 
 some things never change . 
 in poor districts , people do the jobs that bots perform in more affluent sectors . 
 here , the owners ca n't afford maintenance , replacement parts , or chip upgrades . 
 humans are infinitely more expendable . 
 if a woman wears out , you can find twenty more just like her looking for work . 
 the one working our table looks pretty close to busted . 
 as if she feels my stare , she meets my eyes , but she does n't have enough spark left in her to mind . 
 her gaze slides away from mine as she trudges on back to the kitchen to schlep the next tray . 
 march drums his fingers , looking thoughtful . 
 `` he 's ambitious then . '' 
 `` and i 'm his cat 's - paw . '' 
 the guys glance at me in surprise , as if they 've forgotten about me . 
 we ca n't have that , can we ? 
 `` what else is new ? '' 
 `` you certainly have a history of finding trouble , '' surge says . 
 annoyance sparks through me . 
 this prick does n't know the first thing about me , other than what he 's read or seen on the vids . 
 and okay , maybe things tend to unravel at the seams wherever i go , but is that my fault ? 
 `` lay off her , '' march says . 
 he 's smiling , and his tone remains deceptively gentle . 
 `` you do n't want to make her mad . '' 
 i liked how he began , but now i 'm not sure where he 's going with this . 
 if he expects me to put on a show-you know , honey , do bitchy jax for my buddies , come on ! 
 - well , that 's just not happening . 
 i 'm too tired . 
 surge regards me with bloodshot eyes , a forest bristling from his jaw . 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 why 's that ? '' 
 `` because if you upset her , you 'll have to deal with me . 
 and i do n't think you want that . '' 
 we 're in no position to pick a fight with the people who are helping us . 
 then again , i suspect i do n't get the whole guy thing , because surge cracks up again . 
 fucking men , right ? 
 `` shit , she 's got you trained right and tight , lad . 
 when you donning the collar ? '' 
 with a sigh , i down the rest of my spiked tea and feel the warmth washing over me . 
 it 's been a while since i drank anything this strong . 
 `` jax does n't believe in that , '' march answers . 
 `` i did once . 
 it did n't work out . '' 
 i scowl , thinking of simon . 
 `` i do n't suppose you know people who could get to him ? 
 he 's being held in a secure facility . '' 
 it 's a throwaway remark , one i do n't expect to bear fruit . 
 i should have known better . 
 these are former mercs , after all . 
 `` there 's always a way , '' surge tells me with a wicked smile . 
 `` but it 'll cost . 
 depends on where , of course , but we probably know someone doing time same as your ex . 
 how bad do you want the man done ? '' 
 * * * chapter 7 l 'd love to see simon dead . 
 when his superiors asked for a scapegoat , he tried to sacrifice me . 
 he knew they planned to murder everyone on the sargasso , and he decided to rid himself of me as well . 
 there were probably insurance payments to collect , my death benefits . 
 mary knows he cleaned out my personal accounts before my alleged body was cold . 
 he deserves to suffer in ways i ca n't articulate for what he 's done . 
 seventy-five souls trusted us to get them safely to matins iv . 
 eighty-two died in the crash . 
 even now , i still have dreams . 
 i wake up screaming , and i ca n't stand the smell of cooking meat . 
 march watches me thinking it over , and i 'm sure he 's tapped into my blood-thirsty thoughts . 
 then it occurs to me . 
 does n't matter how bad i 'd like to get this dirty job done . 
 i ca n't afford it . 
 i 'll have to content myself with imagining bad things happening to the bastard . 
 if he 's been sent to whitefish , i wo n't have to wait long , though . 
 someone will shank him for being an officious little prick . 
 `` i 'll think about it , '' i say , because there 's no way i 'm telling surge about my temporary financial embarrassment . 
 the merc looks disappointed . 
 `` right , then . 
 another round ? '' 
 `` one for the road , '' march answers . 
 his expression becomes speculative . 
 `` what would you suggest for someone in deep to the syndicate ? '' 
 `` a eutha-booth . '' 
 luckily , the other man has his eye on march while he laughs , so he does n't catch my wince . 
 there are home truths , and home truths , if you know what i mean . 
 `` oh shit , you 're serious ? 
 dunno , lad , that 's some steep ground . 
 they were fighting a smugglers ' war on two fronts between hon 's raiders and the gray men , but the world looks a whole lot rosier for them now , thanks to your girl here . 
 maybe she could ask them nicely to call off the debt . '' 
 well , that 's not helpful . 
 mr. jewel brooch did n't seem inclined to believe he owed me any favors when we talked at the coffeehouse . 
 was that just a few hours ago ? 
 long day . 
 `` we 'll sort it out . '' 
 march pushes away from the table . 
 `` can you call us an auto-cab ? 
 where 's the closest stand ? '' 
 `` at the corner , '' surge says . 
 `` and already done . 
 should be there by the time you make your way down . 
 it was good seeing you , mate . 
 i hope you and the ambassador here get things sorted . '' 
 every time someone says that , i fight the urge to look over my shoulder . 
 it 's like being the butt of a joke everybody gets but me . 
 i sure as shit do n't feel like any such thing . 
 maybe it takes a while to sink in . 
 from the next table i hear surge 's guys speculating that i 'm bald because i had a terrible case of nits . 
 i run a hand over my stubbly head and struggle to my feet . 
 yeah , it 's definitely time to go . 
 `` there 's some wreckage four blocks up and over from where we met you . 
 you should get a good price for the big pieces if you get right over there . '' 
 with a wave , march heads for the front door with me trailing behind him like a gimp puppy . 
 i guess diva-jax still dwells somewhere inside my scrawny breast because that does n't set well . 
 then he holds the door for me and offers his heart-melting smile . 
 as we step outside , i forget my minor complaints because night-fall in the north is f ** king brutal . 
 our hike down to the auto-cab stand feels like kilometers . 
 there 's a reason people drink so much , living here . 
 i 'd nearly forgotten that part . 
 a group of homeless men huddle near a trash barrel where they 've lit a fire . 
 such things are illegal , but who 's going to protest ? 
 the corp wrote this place off decades ago , and gangers run it now . 
 starving artists produce the most amazing music , though . 
 sweet strains wend through the smoky dark toward me , notes of throbbing warmth that seem to hang in the crystal-cold air like tropical fruit . 
 people in wickville live with singular abandon ; it 's not hard to behave as if every day might be your last if it truly might be . 
 until now , i had n't realized how much i 'd incorporated that idea into my personal philosophy , if i could be said to have such a thing . 
 `` i did n't realize how much time you spent here , '' march says softly . 
 i make no response as we climb into the blessedly heated cab . 
 he does n't know as much about me as he supposes . 
 i wonder what he 'd say if he knew i almost threw everything away-my future with the corp , my promise as a jumper-for a saxophone player . 
 first he swipes his card and then taps out our destination on the panel . 
 with a soft swoosh , we 're on our way . 
 numbness sets in . 
 not from the cold , though i ca n't seem to warm up all the way . 
 too much has happened . 
 i ca n't parse it all . 
 my mother , my father , my past ... everything feels like it 's on a collision course . 
 no matter what choice i make , somebody loses . 
 in the old days i would n't have cared . 
 fuck the lot of them ; what did they ever do for me ? 
 i 'd have gotten drunk , flashed my tits , and danced on a table . 
 i 'd have thought of nothing but my next jump . 
 for mary 's sake , these days , i even regret the trouble the exploding skimmer will cause poor squid . 
 when the hell did i develop a conscience ? 
 `` when you came for me . '' 
 march answers the unspoken question with an expression i ca n't interpret . 
 there 's something to be said for a man who tunes into your moods like this . 
 he wraps an arm around me and leans his head against mine . 
 sometimes i sense in him a deep-seated fear . 
 it 's like he wants to hold me so tight i ca n't get free , but conversely , he 's afraid of frightening me away with such visceral need . 
 he 's right to fear that . 
 i love him , but he terrifies me in some ways . 
 `` it 's a pain in the ass . '' 
 `` get used to it , '' he says dryly . 
 `` once you start caring , it 's hard to stop . '' 
 `` great . '' 
 we ride the rest of the way in silence . 
 i feel a little queasy from the homebrew , or maybe it was the microorganisms in my tea . 
 by the time we climb out in front of headquarters , i 'm grateful for the shock of frosty air . 
 wickville seems farther away than the kilometers we traveled . 
 `` i 'll walk you to your door . '' 
 in his eyes , i glimpse an endearingly roguish twinkle that warns me he does n't intend to leave me there with a chaste kiss . 
 i 'm not in the mood for love , but i 'll deal with that when the time comes . 
 we 're questioned once by the automated security system . 
 luckily march remembers the pass codes . 
 to my mind , modern life just offers too many numbers that we 're supposed to keep track of . 
 up on the eighth floor , i key my room open and stare . 
 `` what the f ** k ... '' the place has been ransacked , well , as much as an impersonal , nearly empty room can be . 
 i do n't have anything . 
 anyone who does n't realize that is dumb as a rock . 
 correction , march gave me back my pa , 245 , which he found at the hostel where velith took me . 
 she is literally all i own , and i keep her with me at all times now . 
 discovering that i 'm dead broke makes her all the more valuable . 
 since she has perfect recall , she 'll make an ideal assistant for an ambassador who needs to get everything just right from customs to mealtime etiquette . 
 just last night , she asked me to get her a droid frame , so she can better serve in that capacity . 
 so she 's my most important asset . 
 i 'm like the tinker and his horseshoe nail from the stories . 
 numbly i step inside and start tidying up . 
 `` should n't we call security ? 
 they might be able to find out who did this . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` if you like . 
 i do n't feel up to dealing with it tonight , though . '' 
 he takes a closer look at me . 
 `` you do n't look good , jax . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 you 're fantastic for my ego . '' 
 i manage a wan smile . 
 `` it 's been a long day , and dropping out of the sky did n't help . 
 i 'll be fine after i get some rest . '' 
 `` hope so . '' 
 maybe it 's because i know him , but he 's not doing a good job of hiding his concern . 
 i understand why . 
 this is n't like me . 
 i 'm not the pale , listless type , and i can count on one hand the number of times i 've been sick in my life . 
 `` you want to stay ? '' 
 even as i ask , i press the button to enlarge my bunk from a single to a double . 
 we 've been assigned to executive quarters , so i have a san-shower in the suite , a vid station , and a customizable sleep unit . 
 the only thing we do n't have is a wardrober , but the corp was run by a bunch of skinflints . 
 march has his own room on ten , but i do n't imagine he 'll be returning to it . 
 he smiles at me and hangs his things next to my winter gear . 
 it does n't take long to set the room to rights , given how little i have in here . 
 nothing seems to be missing . 
 `` i was hoping you 'd ask , '' he says . 
 `` shower ? '' 
 `` yes , let 's . '' 
 maybe things will look better in the morning . 
 * * * chapter 8 l 'm having the strangest dream . 
 dina sits on my chest while trying to convince someone i 'm part of an expensive rug she wants to sell . 
 vaguely i know this is n't right . 
 i 'm not made of loose threads and badly woven s-wool . 
 am i ? 
 when i wake up , i find myself snuggled against march 's big body while dina peers into my face . 
 as always , i 'm surprised that she smells of flowers . 
 `` i got us a ship , '' she says . 
 `` a what ? '' 
 the neurons in my brain are n't firing at capacity yet . 
 `` a ship , '' she repeats , slower this time . 
 like i 'm a head case . 
 since i need a chemical boost to jump-start my wits , she probably has a point . 
 march is awake now , and thankfully , he heaves over so i can crawl out of bed . 
 damn , i ache . 
 guess i 'm not as young as i used to be ... so i ca n't fall out of the sky with equanimity . 
 i wish doc was here . 
 he 'd give me a shot of something and say , you 're fine , jax . 
 get out of my med bay . 
 `` how 'd you manage that ? '' 
 he asks . 
 maybe she does n't think i notice the way she averts her eyes , but i do . 
 in utter exhaustion i fell into bed in my skivvies last night . 
 this morning , she 's caught me in a tank top and shorts , revealing my scars in all their glory . 
 they 're never going to fade entirely . 
 i do n't even want them to , so it 's just as well march can handle them . 
 i 'll never go to a cosmetic surgeon and ask him to burn away the marks . 
 `` won it , '' she answers . 
 this means she hustled someone , the poor bastard . 
 `` in a magnificent hand of pick five . 
 i spent the night going over it . 
 i 'm dog tired now , but she 'll run . 
 and she 's ours . 
 you can rename her when i handle ownership transfer . 
 we 'll just have to pay license and filing fees . '' 
 `` what 's it called now ? '' 
 i ask over my shoulder . 
 since we showered last night , i do n't feel dirty pulling on a fresh jumpsuit , straight from bed . 
 when you do n't have any hair to manage , it 's amazing how fast you can be ready . 
 i just need to wash my face , clean my teeth , and i 'll be set . 
 dina grins . 
 `` bernard 's luck . '' 
 as i laugh at the irony , march wears a thoughtful frown as he gets dressed . 
 `` i 've heard that somewhere before . 
 ah well , it 'll come to me . 
 let 's not rename it ; i 'd rather not meddle with a man 's luck . '' 
 she raises a brow at me , and i shrug . 
 he can be unaccountably superstitious for an otherwise reasonable man . 
 then again , with eyes like his , it would n't matter if he threw the bones before every flight . 
 our station beeps , signaling we have a message . 
 through static and white solar lines , keri says , `` we 've received ten gigs ' worth of genetic data , and it 's advanced doc 's research by years . 
 he arrived a week ago , and we 're - '' end message in a snowy gray blur . 
 i suspect something must be the matter with the satellites near lachion , or we would n't consistently have this problem with messages . 
 or maybe she was about to say something we were n't supposedto hear . 
 unfortunately , i have no ability to judge anymore . 
 if the psychs can be trusted-which they ca n't - i suffer from borderline paranoid dysfunction . 
 i suspect everyone of treachery and subversive plots against me . 
 but like the old adage goes : just because you 're paranoid does n't mean they are n't out to get you . 
 why , then , do they want to send a half-cracked nut like me off to ithiss-tor ? 
 that question begs for an answer , but i do n't have all the pieces of the puzzle just yet . 
 in under half an hour we present ourselves in conference room 7-j again . 
 my hip still hurts , and i have my doubts about this whole endeavor , but when tarn enters the room , i manage a smile . 
 his expression alters subtly when he takes in my outfit . 
 `` if you intend to take this position , ms. jax , you 'll need to dress the part . 
 we can not have you representing new terra looking like a garage mechanic . '' 
 this is my favorite blue jumpsuit , dammit . 
 i glare at him . 
 `` and if you think i 'm donning ceremonial robes , you 're out of your mind . '' 
 `` you are interested then , i take it ? '' 
 march and dina regard me in silence . 
 i think about all the factors , and in the end , it comes down to one thing . 
 it 's a job that gets me off this rock , at least for a little while . 
 i 'll be jumping again , all expenses paid . 
 plus , i 've never been one to back away from a challenge . 
 `` yes , i 'm interested . 
 i 'll dress up more when we arrive . '' 
 tarn smiles . 
 oh , i really do n't trust that look . 
 `` excellent . '' 
 he depresses a button under the table , and the door to the conference room slides open . 
 i do n't recognize the man who joins us then : medium height , brown hair , average features . 
 in fact , if i did n't know better , i 'd say his face is some amalgamation of a thousand others i 've seen , so relentlessly average that i 've forgotten what he looks like as soon as my gaze shifts away . 
 i test this three or four times , bemused by it , so i 'm distracted when tarn says , `` i believe you already know velith . 
 he 'll be accompanying you as your cultural liaison . 
 i 'm sure i do n't need to stress the importance of internalizing ithtorian customs to prevent giving insult and destroying our nascent accords . 
 and above all , please take care with your jumps , sirantha . 
 there may be raiders lurking in highly traveled hot spots . '' 
 `` vel ! '' 
 though i know what lurks beneath the human skin , i ca n't resist . 
 i leap from my chair and startle him with a hug . 
 i never had the chance to thank him . 
 there 's no question ; i would n't be here if not for him . 
 he fields me with awkward perplexity . 
 `` if i am to begin your lessons at present , sirantha , this would be construed as an aggressive act on ithiss-tor . '' 
 well , since i 'm not normally a touchy-feely person , i think we 'll be okay . 
 i nod , though , and make a mental note . 
 no hugging of random bugs . 
 `` this is march , my pilot , and dina , ship 's mechanic . '' 
 they exchange polite words while tarn observes us . 
 what 's he looking for ? 
 something is n't right here , but i ca n't put my finger on it . 
 i 'm all but certain vel is n't in on it , whatever the chancellor is plotting . 
 what was the point of saving me if he only meant to take me to his homeworld and get me killed ? 
 logically , it just does n't track , and vel is all about things making sense . 
 `` when do we leave ? '' 
 dina asks . 
 `` i have some preparations to make . '' 
 tarn raises a brow at her . 
 oh , she 's gon na go all `` her highness '' on his ass . 
 `` your vessel is already adequately supplied . '' 
 `` i would n't touch that ` vessel ' with a ten-foot pole , '' she says , eyes narrowed . 
 if her chin juts out , he 'd better run . 
 `` we have our own ship , and i trust you 'll approve all necessary expenditures to equip it as the ambassador 's team sees fit . '' 
 before the veins in tarn 's forehead explode , march puts in , `` we prefer not to trust our fate to those inexperienced with long jump-flights . '' 
 chalk one up for diplomacy . 
 `` however well-intentioned they may be . 
 i hope you understand . '' 
 i ca n't believe this ambassador stuff works , even on the chancellor . 
 he 's the one who appointed me . 
 but i suppose once you claim someone has power , you ca n't decry it without making yourself look like a jackass . 
 clearing his throat , tarn makes an attempt to regain some lost ground . 
 `` i 'll approve the same budget for your provisions as were spent on the conglomerate ship . 
 you may allot it as you choose . '' 
 `` can we get under way tomorrow , dina ? '' 
 march gets to his feet , signaling the meeting has adjourned . 
 tarn is n't going to like that either . 
 as for me , i 'm still standing with vel , near the door . 
 `` depends . 
 if their commissar can requisition everything we need , it 'll be a snap . 
 i 'm having bernard 's luck transferred to the conglomerate docking bays today . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` that 's your top priority then . '' 
 `` i have n't briefed you fully , '' tarn protests , as we head for the door . 
 i shrug . 
 `` send the files to the ship . 
 i 'll read it en route . '' 
 if he expected me to be easily controlled , he did n't pay enough attention to recent history . 
 i do n't owe chancellor tarn a damn thing . 
 he wants me to go to ithiss-tor and try to persuade the bugs that it 's in their best interests to join galactic politics . 
 and that means i work for the conglomerate , a glorified bureaucrat . 
 whether it 's best for ithiss-tor to join the party , i 'm not sure . 
 if they refuse , i 'm positive the conglomerate intends to make an example of them somehow , perhaps to frighten other non-tier worlds into towing the line . 
 tarn lost sight of one thing , however . 
 i 'm nobody 's pawn , not anymore . 
 and if he tries to orchestrate my moves on some celestial chessboard , he 'll be sorry . 
 * * * chapter 9 dina has to be kidding . 
 if the folly-the ship we crashed a couple weeks ago - looked better on the inside than i expected , well , my luck has turned . 
 this vessel looks like something out of old vids ; it 's positively ancient . 
 the outside promises a dirty , cramped interior , and i 'm not disappointed when i clamber through the hatch . 
 it 's only a six-seater . 
 i pass through a narrow corridor to the central hub . 
 at least the safety equipment looks to be functional . 
 from the hub , halls lead left and right . 
 if this ship conforms to standard layouts , there will be three small bunk areas on either side . 
 straight ahead we have the cockpit . 
 since this junk bucket is so small , i rather doubt it possesses any extra amenities . 
 bernard 's luck does n't even boast a boarding ramp . 
 instead it has a pressure door on the side and a retractable ladder . 
 i would n't put it past the former owner of this ship to have lost it on purpose . 
 okay , probably not-he could 've gotten something for it from the scrap yards . 
 dina interprets my expression correctly . 
 `` i know she 's a little rough around the edges , but the folly was n't a diamond when we got her . 
 i 'll polish her up as we go . '' 
 `` a little ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` as a jumper , i always knew my odds of going out on board a ship were pretty high , but do you have to stack the deck like this ? '' 
 `` it 's not that bad , '' march says , then nearly loses his head to a dangling ceiling panel . 
 though i 'm not a mechanic , i feel pretty sure that ought to be soldered to the wall . 
 he exercises remarkable restraint as he adds to dina , `` you might want to fix that before we get under way . '' 
 she hurries off to get her toolkit . 
 as i head to check out the cockpit , velith boards . 
 i hear him say , `` is this wise ? 
 perhaps we ought to reconsider and accept the loan of a conglomerate ship . '' 
 though i hate the idea of being dependent on charity as much as the next person , i have to say , i 'm with vel on this one . 
 sadly , i 'm not surprised when both dina and march call , `` no ! '' 
 `` it is quite ... compact , is it not ? '' 
 vel glances around . 
 he has a point since five steps takes me around the hub . 
 another five steps carries me to the pressure hatch . 
 i take a quick look around , and damned if crew quarters are n't so cramped that passing gas in there might result in methane poisoning . 
 there 's no med bay on board , just a maintenance closet , so it 's just as well doc wo n't be traveling with us this time . 
 halfway to the cockpit , the metal panels appear singed , as if there 's been a fire . 
 mary help us . 
 `` dina ! '' 
 i call . 
 `` did you check electrical ? '' 
 `` do you want to fix this thing ? 
 of course i did . 
 it 's sound . 
 i already told you that . 
 that 's purely a cosmetic flaw . '' 
 `` what 's the obsession with this piece of junk anyway ? '' 
 i mutter . 
 `` if we decide to leave ithiss-tor unexpectedly , we ca n't be accused of theft by the conglomerate , '' march answers from behind me . 
 after considering everything that could go wrong , i have to say , `` i see the value in that . '' 
 `` i thought you might . 
 let 's take a look at the cockpit . '' 
 right . 
 we continue to the front , where i intend to inspect the nav chair . 
 that 's life or death for me . 
 if it does n't look right , i 'm not going up in this , no matter what . 
 i can live with being accused of theft . 
 in fact , that might make a nice change from mass murder and general , wanton acts of terrorism . 
 i 'm pleasantly surprised to find a relatively clean environment . 
 the newest pieces on the ship have been installed up here , no signs of systems failure , no loose wiring . 
 the nav chair is an older model , but it looks like it 's in good shape . 
 after checking the port , i do n't doubt this ship will run . 
 `` how 's it look in your end ? '' 
 march shrugs . 
 `` old interface , but i can manage . 
 we 'll be all right , jax . '' 
 `` we 're stopping on lachion first , right ? '' 
 he said something about it last night , but honestly i was half-asleep . 
 `` is that conglomerate approved ? '' 
 `` i do n't give a shit . '' 
 he grins at me and runs a hand over my stubbly head . 
 `` we know our message went out clean , but i 'm not so sure about keri 's . 
 i just want to make sure everything 's all right . 
 i owe her that much . '' 
 i am absolutely not jealous over his concern . 
 it 's paternal , that 's all . 
 so what if keri is young , lovely , talented , and terribly important ? 
 for a moment , i remember how much i resented her at our first meeting . 
 `` i do n't know about paternal , '' march says , tormenting me with a thoughtful pause . 
 `` fraternal . 
 i 'm not that old . '' 
 before i can hit him in the head as he so richly deserves , the sound of raised voices echoes toward us . 
 the acoustics in here are such that i ca n't make out what the fuss is about , so i head back toward the hub . 
 march 's friend surge towers over dina , looking ready to clobber her . 
 `` you cheated ! '' 
 surge roars . 
 `` if you think i 'm letting you take my ship - '' `` my ship , '' she corrects . 
 `` i have all the documentation , and you better get your smelly ass off of it before we take you up and boost you out the garbage chute . '' 
 i register march 's amusement as he comes up behind me . 
 funny , he has n't made a sound , but i can feel his smile . 
 wonder if this sensitivity results from jacking in with a psi pilot . 
 `` i see you 've met dina . 
 i knew i 'd heard that ship name somewhere . 
 she rolled you in a game of pick five , huh ? 
 you must 've been pretty drunk . '' 
 `` maybe a little , '' surge admits . 
 `` i did n't even realize what i wagered till this mornin ' . 
 talk about a rude awakening . 
 now my crew 's stranded here . '' 
 dina snorts . 
 `` serves them right for signing on with a scruffy , shamefaced mash-brain like you . '' 
 `` you ca n't leave us here , '' surge protests . 
 `` let us ship out with you . 
 you could use an extra pilot and jumper to spell you , right ? 
 and my guys wo n't eat much . '' 
 his tone turns wheedling . 
 `` come on , mate , it 'll be like old times . '' 
 there are seven of them and four of us . 
 even with march and me in the cockpit , that leaves a shortage of safety seats in the hub , and i doubt anyone is going to volunteer to have his brain scrambled . 
 staying on new terra is n't that bad . 
 by his expression , march is thinking along the same lines . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry you gambled away your ship , bernard . '' 
 he does sound sympathetic . 
 `` but she wo n't carry twelve . 
 i can take three of you : pilot , jumper , plus one more . 
 the rest of your crew stays dirtside . 
 we 're on a diplomatic mission , but we 're stopping on lachion first , so i can take you that far . '' 
 `` we might be able to find work with one of the clans , '' surge says with a sigh . 
 `` right , then . 
 done . 
 i 'll call my boy , jael , and our jumper , koratati . 
 it 's rather urgent for her to get off world . 
 she 's nonhuman , does n't have a valid visa . 
 i expect you 've heard about the new conglomerate immigration laws ? '' 
 i have n't , actually , but velith has . 
 `` yes , it shall likely prove difficult to move about once they enforce them . '' 
 march shakes his head . 
 `` that 's one way to enforce the status quo . '' 
 `` they really want to get a lock on things , do n't they ? '' 
 with a sigh , dina fastens a tool belt around her waist . 
 `` i 'm just afraid it 's going to backfire , like it did on tarnus . '' 
 `` periods of political upheaval are often accompanied by widespread disorder and lawlessness , '' vel observes . 
 `` it used to be confined to the outskirts , '' i say . 
 `` and corp patrols kept the tier worlds safe . 
 you think the conglomerate 's organized enough to prevent piracy and smuggling from becoming widespread ? '' 
 we all exchange a dubious glance . 
 `` if nothing else , they can make life difficult for folks on the tier worlds , '' surge answers at last . 
 `` as for the wider reaches , i doubt it . 
 it 's gon na be every man for himself out there for a while yet . 
 i 'd put money on the syndicate running things before the conglomerate gets itself sorted . '' 
 sadly , nobody disputes his assessment . 
 `` pick your bunks , people . 
 surge , i want your other two on board in under an hour . 
 we 're taking off in seventy , hell or high water . '' 
 now that 's the march i know and love . 
 i throw my meager possessions into a miniscule room at random and then return to the cockpit . 
 march is already running diagnostics , a pretty array of lights glimmering on the instrument panel . 
 i even know what some of them mean now , and i prove it by saying , `` is n't that reading a little low for life support ? '' 
 he grins like he 's proud of me . 
 `` yeah , give it some time to power up all the way . 
 this ship wo n't be doing any lightning-fast getaways in its current state . 
 give dina some time with it on lachion , though . 
 she 'll upgrade , add all the pretty bells and whistles you admired on the folly . '' 
 i check the port one last time . 
 `` so what do you think ? '' 
 `` surge is n't telling us something , '' march says . 
 `` but i could n't get a read on what . 
 i 'll be watching him , do n't worry . '' 
 i raise a brow . 
 `` i thought he was a friend of yours . '' 
 `` more accurate to say , we belonged to the same companyat one time . 
 he 's doing his best to appear affable , but i think there 's more to it . '' 
 `` you think he lost the ship to dina on purpose , so he 'd have a reason to attach himself to us ? '' 
 there goes my paranoia again . 
 `` i do n't discount it . '' 
 march wears a thundercloud scowl , long fingers dancing over the instrument panel . 
 `` never forget , he 's a merc at heart , and he does n't own an ounce of sentiment . 
 he goes for the biggest payday , every time . '' 
 `` if you think he 's out to get us , why is he on board this ship ? '' 
 i ask . 
 seems like a basic error in judgment . 
 `` i prefer to keep my enemies close enough that i can go for their throats . '' 
 by his grim expression , he 's remembering something he 'd rather not discuss . 
 * * * chapter 10 lt feels good to be in the chair again . 
 we 've finished diagnostics and everyone 's on board . 
 jael is a handsome , cocky bastard . 
 i do n't know what he 's good for on a ship , but he makes fine eye candy . 
 and he 's just the type i used to love : slim , blond , and too pretty for his own good . 
 the way i look now , though , he spends his time flirting with dina . 
 he 's more likely to get blood from a stone than make headway with her . 
 that stings my feminine vanity a little . 
 i used to be able to command a man 's attention by walking into a room . 
 i had an indefinable something . 
 now i 'm damaged goods , but it 's enough that march loves me . 
 i do n't care if some stupid space cowboy ca n't appreciate what 's beneath the surface . 
 koratati is ... big . 
 she arrived swathed in a gray cloak , and i did n't get a good look at her before we came up front . 
 we know she 's nonhuman , so she might be one of the jumbo races . 
 surge did right to get her off planet , as hiding her would n't prove an easy task in wickville . 
 hopefully , she can wedge her ass into the safety harness when we need to make the jump . 
 march contacts docking control on the relay , which crackles in a tinny , old-fashioned way . 
 after a few minutes , they respond , `` you have clearance , bernard 's luck . 
 have a good flight . '' 
 over the rush of the thrusters , i hear the hangar doors groan their way open . 
 on some planets , the shipyards are out in the open , but it 's too cold for that in this part of new terra . 
 the subzero temps would damage the instruments if we did n't keep the ships inside a climate-controlled hangar . 
 as always , i admire march 's skill on the controls , the smooth way we swoop out into the sky . 
 i know from experience , that is n't as easy as it looks . 
 as we gain altitude , i feel it in my eardrums before the pressure inside the ship stabilizes . 
 the little luck shudders as we push past the atmosphere and into stark , silent reaches where i feel most at home . 
 there 's nothing like seeing stars through the sensor screen and knowing only a few centimeters of metal separate you from vacuum . 
 just thinking about it sends a thrill through me . 
 march shakes his head at me , i hope with affection . 
 `` you 're crazy , jax . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 that 's not the first time he 's said so . 
 i could counter that he 's mad for loving me , but that might make him question it . 
 and i do n't want that , even though i 'm afraid of hurting him , afraid of losing him . 
 afraid of damn near everything . 
 but i refuse to let it paralyze me . 
 i wo n't be the woman who cowers behind four walls , never taking chances . 
 i want to die like i 've lived . 
 i always wanted to be larger than life , but lately it feels like i 'm shrinking-literally , like old women do . 
 march cuts me a sharp look-he hates when i think about dying . 
 he says it 's macabre . 
 well , the subsequent thought should make him smile because i 'm not ready to go anytime soon , not until i 've seen more , done more . 
 after this is all over , we 'll spend a glorious week on the beaches of new venice , maybe luge down the glaciers on ielos . 
 there 's too much left to do for me to want the ride to end so soon . 
 `` glad to hear it , '' he says softly . 
 `` i 'd miss you . '' 
 understatement . 
 i have no words for the holocaust i saw inside him when he thought he 'd lost me . 
 he went to a place beyond loss , beyond madness . 
 i do n't deserve him . 
 but i put aside those thoughts because they make me ache . 
 he seems a little tense . 
 the last time march and i left the cockpit , the folly wound up targeted by new terra 's satellite defense installations , and we were lucky to reach the surface in one piece . 
 i do n't blame him for wanting to make sure we make it to the first jump intact . 
 moreover , we ca n't trust everyone we have on board , so if we leave the cockpit , there 's a chance that koratati and surge will hijack us and deliver us someplace we do n't want to be . 
 i ca n't imagine who else might be gunning for me-or maybe it 's march they want this time-his past is far from an open book at this point . 
 regardless , it seems better to be safe , which means keeping our asses in these seats . 
 dina and velith will keep an eye on surge , jael , and koratati for us . 
 and if they start something , my money 's on vel . 
 see , i watched him take on a clutch of morgut and walk-okay , limp-off to tell the tale . 
 my fingers go to my newest scar , a slash across my right wrist . 
 though it 's healing well enough , it still itches a little . 
 march slants me a smile . 
 `` so ... you wan na play pick five ? '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` not really . 
 you 'd just read my cards and know what you needed to discard . '' 
 he lays a hand over his heart . 
 `` i 'm cut , seriously . 
 you 're implying i 'd cheat ? '' 
 `` would n't you ? '' 
 his expression becomes wolfish . 
 `` absolutely . 
 i always get what i want . '' 
 `` should that worry me ? '' 
 `` everything worries you . '' 
 i ca n't argue that . 
 he must find me the most ridiculous bundle of contradictions . 
 i suspect everyone of perfidious motives yet i long to hurl myself into dangerous situations to forget my fears . 
 forget aversion therapy , that 's the way i live . 
 apart from the noises of the ship , it 's so quiet up here . 
 this is what freedom feels like . 
 in some ways that 's an oxymoron-i 'm only free when i 'm confined to a ship as opposed to having a whole planet to move around on . 
 but there you have it ; it 's how i 've felt since the first time i went up . 
 my parents took me on a pleasure cruise when i was thirteen , and i was never the same thereafter . 
 that line of thought leads me directly back to my mother . 
 i ca n't believe she expects me to save her ass , after they disowned me . 
 they probably celebrated when they heard farwan `` brought me to justice . '' 
 `` that 's not true , '' march says , unaccountably gentle . 
 `` she was happy to see you . 
 more worried about herself , but genuinely glad you 're all right . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` ugh . 
 do n't we have enough to worry about without you analyzing my feelings about my mother ? '' 
 `` we have time to kill before we make the jump . '' 
 he grins . 
 `` i 'd rather play charm , new venice rules . '' 
 `` i expect you would . 
 but think how shocked people would be to find us sexing each other up in the cockpit , just like the p * rn cliche . '' 
 a smile tugs at the corner of my mouth , but i wo n't give him the satisfaction . 
 `` you saying you ca n't see me nak * d without being overcome with lust ? '' 
 `` try me . '' 
 i suspect he 's full of shit , but damned if he 's not good for my ego , which has taken a beating lately . 
 most days i do n't even feel womanly , let alone sexy . 
 `` i think we better not , '' i answer finally . 
 `` i do n't want to scare anybody . '' 
 mainly i 'm glad he 's not bugging me about my mother anymore . 
 that 's where it 's a little unequal . 
 he knows exactly what he can say without tearing open old wounds . 
 i do n't have any such clarity where he 's concerned . 
 of course i 'm curious about the shit he 's done , the battles he 's fought , and the hell he went through before he wound up on lachion with mair , keri 's grandmother . 
 but i do n't want to hurt him-i do n't want to ask about stuff he 's trying to forget . 
 the old jax would 've ranked her curiosity above any possible harm and called it candor . 
 i 've since learned there 's a balance between candor and cruelty . 
 `` you can ask me anything you want to know , '' he says without looking up from the instruments . 
 his playful mood has faded , though , as if in anticipation of what i may say . 
 okay , then . 
 this is an olive branch , so i take it . 
 maybe he wants to open up , but he does n't know where to start . 
 `` how many , march ? '' 
 he answers without looking at me . 
 `` body count , you mean ? '' 
 i nod , knowing he 'll catch the movement in his peripheral vision . 
 `` thousands , '' he says , after a long pause . 
 `` on nicu tertius alone . 
 i did the job they hired me for , no matter how bad it got . '' 
 `` that was war . 
 that 's ... different . 
 and it 's not what i wanted to know . '' 
 `` you want to know how many men i 've personally ended ? '' 
 he asks then . 
 do i ? 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` between ten and fifteen . '' 
 he sounds dispassionate . 
 `` depends on whether the ones whose minds i broke are still lingering . '' 
 `` but you had good reason , right ? '' 
 before he can reply , dina 's voice comes over the comm . 
 `` i think we have trouble . '' 
 `` when do n't we ? '' 
 march mutters . 
 `` what 's wrong now ? '' 
 `` their jumper seems to be having a fit , and we do n't have a doc on board . '' 
 * * * chapter 11 l put aside my misgivings about the man march used to be . 
 people can change ; i 'm living proof of that . 
 `` you want me to take a look ? '' 
 march manages a smile . 
 `` unless you want to drive . '' 
 i 'm just never going to hear the end of that . 
 when we made our escape from hon-durren 's kingdom , i banged the hell out of the folly . 
 shaking my head , i push out of the nav chair and make my way back to the hub . 
 koratati flails uncontrollably , but she 's still wrapped up in that heavy cloak , so i ca n't tell what 's going on . 
 surge looks frantic , jael appears unconcerned , and vel ... he 's observing the scene , putting the pieces together before he makes a judgment . 
 dina has made herself scarce . 
 i guess she figured she discharged her duty when she notified march . 
 `` has she been sick ? 
 you idiots , we do n't have facilities on this ship . 
 she 'd have been better off dirtside , new immigration laws or not . '' 
 i bend toward her , and koratati lashes out . 
 `` do n't touch me ! '' 
 her fist feels like a hammer as it connects with my cheek . 
 i reel back , steady myself on the wall . 
 that 's gon na leave a mark . 
 under her voluminous robe , something ... moves . 
 okay , this really is n't right . 
 i wish doc was here . 
 `` she 's not ill , '' velith says while i rub my cheek . 
 `` she 's in labor . '' 
 `` i had to get her off world . '' 
 surge paces around the hub , watching koratati with a worry that tells me she 's not just his jumper . 
 `` she 's not due for days yet , though - '' `` imbecile . '' 
 even i know that stress can jump-start this breeding business , and i 'm not exactly an expert . 
 `` you know we ca n't jump , right ? 
 did you even consider what the pressure and/or environmental shifts could do to an unborn child ? '' 
 `` i ... no . '' 
 surge shakes his head . 
 `` i just did n't want my kid to suffer or be treated like a second-class citizen because of those new immigration laws . 
 at least if he 's born up here , they do n't apply . '' 
 `` she ! '' 
 koratati pushes her way out of the cloak . 
 she has a jutting jaw , a fine dusting of gold fur , and powerful haunches . 
 mary help us , she 's rodeisian . 
 wait , his kid ? 
 i did n't even know they could crossbreed with humans . 
 they 're a large , humanoid race from a small planet in the outskirts . 
 `` you knew you needed to get off the planet in a hurry , and you gambled away your ship ? '' 
 that makes no sense . 
 the woman 's scream of pain derails my train of thought . 
 we need medicine , a doctor , somewhere she can lie down - shit , why am i in charge ? 
 `` when they broke the news about the reforms , i did n't have the credits to provision the ship , '' surge explains . 
 `` or even refuel it . 
 then i ran across you and march . 
 did some digging to see how it could help me , and when we saw your mechanic drinking in the den ... '' `` you saw your chance and took it . 
 then you pushed your way on board , talked march into taking you up , and the rest is history . '' 
 koratati screams again , and march 's voice comes over the comm . 
 `` what the hell is going on back there ? '' 
 `` it appears we 're having a baby . '' 
 `` we 're what ? '' 
 i realize how that sounds , but unfortunately , i do n't have time to tease him with it . 
 `` surge brought his wife on board , and she 's about to deliver any minute . '' 
 `` i 'm not his wife , '' koratati grits out . 
 i do n't know enough about rodeisian customs to understand why she 's so adamant on this point . 
 whatever , it does n't matter . 
 more to the point , what the hell am i supposed to do ? 
 `` let 's get you to one of the bunks where you can lie down . '' 
 i try to help her up , but she shoves me away . 
 i stagger back , and mary , either her adrenaline is running amok or she 's the strongest woman i 've ever met . 
 dina is n't going to like that . 
 i 've never sparred with a rodeisian partner , but then again , most of my combat experience comes from being liquored up and starting something in a station bar . 
 `` that will only make it harder , '' she grunts . 
 `` i need to stay upright so gravity will help me . '' 
 great , we need one of those old-fashioned birthing chairs . 
 i glance around the hub and do n't see anything better suited than the seat she 's already sitting in . 
 she ca n't have a baby here ; this ship is old , filthy , and - `` vel , help me out here ! '' 
 the bounty hunter turned cultural liaison lifts a brow at me , appearing completely at ease . 
 `` what do you expect me to do ? '' 
 `` i ... '' have no idea . 
 thankfully march appears in the corridor leading from the cockpit . 
 he 'll take over , right ? 
 the man takes in my frantic expression and scrubs a palm across his face . 
 `` you were serious . '' 
 turning to surge , he adds , `` you smuggled a pregnant woman on board my ship ? 
 we 're tied to hauling straight space now , and i do n't know what kind of provisions dina laid in . 
 we expected a clean jump to lachion ! '' 
 as if responding to a summons , she appears with an armful of odds and ends . 
 `` we have enough organic to run the kitchen-mate for a week , if we eat light , enough paste to keep us going for another two weeks . '' 
 march mutters , `` fuck . 
 all right , let me check the charts to see what our options are , given fuel and supply levels . '' 
 he narrows his eyes on me . 
 `` you . 
 that was n't funny , not even a little bit . '' 
 `` do i look pregnant ? '' 
 `` you look like a refugee , '' dina says while laying out the things she 's collected . 
 to my vast relief , she handles the situation , spreading a blanket that i hope she 's sterilized somehow beneath koratati 's feet . 
 i do n't even mind the slam , which stings more because it 's true . 
 `` give her your hand , '' dina instructs . 
 after all the abuse i 've taken , i 'm not precisely eager , but i do n't want to wind up orchestrating this comedy of errors . 
 so koratati squeezes down , and i 'm pretty sure i hear my bones popping . 
 that ca n't be a good sign . 
 from somewhere behind me , jael says , `` if we do n't need to be strapped in , then i 'm off to quarters . 
 i 'd rather not watch . '' 
 `` you prefer the baby-making , do you ? '' 
 i 'm amazed koratati can find the wind to be flippant , but she manages to make an obscene gesture at jael as he retreats . 
 `` go on then , get out of here , you gormless coward ! '' 
 `` if you insist . '' 
 surge pretends he thinks she 's talking to him , heads for the hallway , and calls to jael , `` slow up , lad , maybe we can get a game together . '' 
 this looks insanely painful . 
 if i 'd ever been inclined to romanticize motherhood , this would 've dispelled those illusions straightaway . 
 koratati 's belly roils with her labor , and she sits forward , knees splayed wide . 
 the golden fur running down her neck is wet with sweat . 
 she smells funky , too . 
 by the way kora bares her teeth , it 's just as well surge took to his heels . 
 a gush of fluid spatters the blanket dina laid down . 
 the mechanic whispers soft words of encouragement with a surety and comfort that astonishes me . 
 she correctly interprets my surprise and shrugs . 
 `` back on tarnus , i was present at my mother 's bedside for every birth . 
 i had three sisters . 
 it was tradition . '' 
 her family is dead now . 
 i wonder what she 'd do in my place , given what my mother has asked of me , what dina would 've done to save them , if she 'd had any power in the matter . 
 koratati growls low in her throat , signaling that she should be the center of attention , as she crushes my fingers in hers . 
 `` you 're doing great , '' dina murmurs . 
 `` i 'm timing you , and it 's time to push . '' 
 that 's vel 's cue . 
 despite our racial differences , he 's still quintessentially male , and this is a woman thing . 
 i sigh . 
 i wish i had a penis . 
 march 's amusement ripples through me . 
 yeah , that 's going on the list of things i never want to hear again . 
 i grin , knowing i 'm not going to explain the context . 
 `` i think i will go see what they 're playing , '' vel says , and hurries off . 
 i 'd like to say the birth affected me profoundly , that it was beautiful and miraculous . 
 maybe even report the experience changed me forever . 
 but that would come across as pure bullshit to anyone who knows me . 
 so i 'll tell the truth : the ordeal struck me as painful , bloody , smelly , messy , and a whole lot of trouble . 
 i ca n't believe women go through it on purpose . 
 kora looks positively beatific when we lay her daughter in her arms , though , a wrinkly , squalling little thing with tufts of gold hair . 
 so i suppose she must think it 's worth it . 
 as for me , i resolve never to pass along my genes . 
 the guys return when the coast is clear , first surge and jael , then march and vel . 
 they admire the child dutifully and then break open a bottle of homebrew surge brought on board . 
 he knew he 'd have something to celebrate . 
 the mood on board shifts from tense to festive , but i know it wo n't last . 
 i can tell by march 's expression he has crucial information , and we may not like it . 
 then again , when do we ever ? 
 like a good captain , he lets them celebrate for a while , though . 
 does n't want to bring the mood down too soon . 
 dina coaxes some music out of the ancient comm system , and jael shows off a surprisingly deep singing voice . 
 kora basks in surge 's proud fatherness . 
 i do n't think i 've ever shared a moment like this with anyone . 
 finally , march has to speak because time marches on , as that 's what time does . 
 i 'm shocked to find we 've been up hauling straight space for over twelve hours . 
 `` i have bad news and worse news . 
 which do you want first ? '' 
 shit . 
 i hate this game . 
 * * * chapter 12 as the hub devolves into many voices talking at once , vel takes a seat near me , where i 've collapsed . 
 `` is it always like this ? '' 
 i think about that . 
 `` pretty much . 
 except sometimes there 's shooting and things blow up . '' 
 `` give it time , '' dina mutters . 
 `` let 's have the worst news first , '' i suggest a little louder . 
 `` maybe the bad news wo n't seem so bad . '' 
 march motions for all of us to shut up . 
 `` i 've looked at the routes , and we have two choices . 
 we can go back to new terra - '' jael immediately protests , and march tries to continue over the noise . 
 `` or we can make for an emergency station two weeks out . 
 if we ca n't jump , there 's just nowhere else in this sector . '' 
 `` what 's so bad about the emergency station ? '' 
 i 'm sure i 'm not the only one wondering that . 
 i stopped at a few in my corp days . 
 they 're a little grim , true , with their bare-bones floor plans , and they offer only basic amenities , but i do n't remember them as terrible places . 
 we should be able to drop surge and koratati off there . 
 they 'll be able to work for their keep until another ride comes by . 
 it might be a while since most ships jump at the nearest beacon , six hours out of new terra , but the kid needs to be old enough to don protective headgear anyway . 
 looks like she 'll spend her first few turns on an emergency station . 
 that 's not the end of the world . 
 `` according to reports i pulled , emry station is full of farwan loyalists . 
 they do n't care what the corp did ; they just want to preserve the status quo . '' 
 i raise both brows . 
 `` you mean they do n't accept that it 's over ? 
 there 's no corp left . 
 does n't that technically make them rebels ? '' 
 `` whatever you call them , they wo n't receive us politely . 
 they 're demanding the conglomerate acknowledge them as an autonomous outpost , or they 'll refuse to aid distressed ships in this sector . '' 
 that could be catastrophic . 
 in time this area will turn into a graveyard , ghost ships floating , full of people who died from someone else 's inaction . 
 add that to the already astronomical risk of being hit by raiders , well-we ca n't let them get away with that . 
 this will put us off schedule , but we do n't have a choice . 
 in reflex , i curl my right hand into a fist , and the left tries to follow suit , but instead pain shoots all the way to my elbow . 
 for a moment i see stars , and i 'm nowhere near the sensor screen . 
 `` i 'm not going back to new terra , '' jael says flatly . 
 `` i 'll kill you all before i let you turn this ship around . '' 
 before march can respond to that , vel glides to within a few meters of the man issuing such wild threats and examines him with a detached air . 
 `` you would try , '' he concludes . 
 his ever-so-average appearance lends him menace that borders on spooky . 
 if i were jael , i 'd step back . 
 see , this young merc is just too pretty to be as dangerous as he thinks he is . 
 you do n't keep a face like that if you spend your life fighting . 
 he 'd have a broken nose or something by now if he actually mixed it up . 
 instead i find it curious that he reacts so strongly to the possibility of going back . 
 what 's he running from ? 
 and is it going to hunt us down ? 
 march poses that very question aloud as i frame it mentally . 
 it 's almost like he 's psi or something . 
 oh , right . 
 jael does n't want to answer . 
 it would be my luck to discover pretty boy was my mother 's business partner , now running from the syndicate . 
 possibly her former lover as well , as i doubt she 's kept herself to an immaculate widowhood . 
 mary . 
 i 'll never see my dad again . 
 ridiculous it should hit me so hard , right now . 
 maybe it 's because of the baby . 
 once upon a time , before they took me on a ship , i used to be his little girl . 
 he had high hopes for me . 
 sometimes i wonder what i 'd have been like if i had n't discovered joy and freedom up here . 
 as much mind as she pays us , we might not even be here as far as koratati is concerned . 
 her whole world rests in the crook of her arm . 
 when she starts feeding the kid , i have to look away , and i intercept a meaningful exchange between jael and surge . 
 it 's almost like a lightning-fast argument , conducted silently , a glance , a couple of head shakes , and then : `` he 's bred , '' surge explains , apparently against jael 's wishes . 
 `` if he stays dirtside , he 'll be subject to discrimination , according to the new laws . '' 
 `` it 's almost like they 're trying to force a caste system , '' dina says thoughtfully . 
 vel nods his agreement . 
 `` in a backward manner , it makes sense . 
 while they are trying to engender a wider alliance with other races , hence the diplomatic missions , they also want to cement human privilege on the homeworld . '' 
 the tone of the new immigration and citizenship laws is downright xenophobic . 
 page seven , last paragraph restricts nonhumans from holding office and owning land . 
 `` it 's going to be ugly for a while . 
 we 're better off up here . '' 
 `` not with a baby aboard , '' march says . 
 `` we ca n't plod along forever in straight space , and we ca n't jump with her unprotected . 
 i wo n't take the risk . '' 
 i study jael . 
 no wonder he 's so pretty , and no wonder he does n't want to go back . 
 normals hate his kind . 
 bred humans tend to be faster , smarter , healthier , and generally superior to their counterparts . 
 with the reforms kicking in , it 'll be worse . 
 `` our best bet is to head for the emergency station , '' i say . 
 `` and hope we can talk some sense into those idiots . 
 maybe they do n't realize how isolated they are . '' 
 they 're farwan loyalists , not a military group . 
 at best , they 'll be former corporate wage slaves and disgruntled technicians . 
 we should be able to cow them . 
 `` it 's settled then . 
 we haul onward . '' 
 march reaches for me and tows me toward the quarters i picked out earlier . 
 i do n't protest because i could use a break . 
 aching from head to toe , i follow him into the room he apparently intends to share with me . 
 when the door shuts behind us , he draws me into his arms . 
 `` i 'm worried about you , '' he whispers . 
 ordinarily i 'd discount that as pointless , but i have n't felt right for a while . 
 most likely i should 've had a checkup before we left , but i intended to have doc check me out when we hit lachion ... i should 've known things never turn out the way we plan . 
 wrapping my arms about his waist , i lean into him and close my eyes . 
 `` there 's something wrong , '' i admit , low . 
 i have n't wanted to admit it , but i 'm not healing like i should . 
 i 'm tired all the time , and sleep does n't seem to help . 
 i 'm no good at being sick , but i think i might be . 
 so gentle it makes my heart constrict , he presses me close for a moment , and then he steps back to look at my hand where kora squeezed it . 
 `` i think she snapped your fingers . '' 
 `` me , too . '' 
 i was n't kidding when i said i could n't move them . 
 pain shimmers through my fingertips in odd , erratic pulses when he turns my hand to examine it . 
 then his fingers trace over the dark bruise forming on my cheekbone . 
 that , too , feels swollen , damage out of proportion to the blow . 
 `` you look breakable . '' 
 his gaze lingers as if seeing me for the first time . 
 `` and that scares the shit out of me . '' 
 `` hey , '' i murmur . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 we 'll figure it out . 
 we always do . '' 
 he does n't argue with me , but in his face i see pure , unadulterated fear . 
 that 's why march separated me from the others . 
 he did n't want them to see it . 
 nobody else pays attention to me like he does , so the others probably wo n't notice that i 'm ill . 
 would n't you know it ? 
 i even go out different than the other jumpers . 
 i 've spent my life courting death in various ways , living for the thrill , the rush , the risk . 
 i jack in , knowing it might steal my mind away , knowing march may not be able to save me this time , and i keep doing it . 
 grimspace beckons ; i ca n't resist the call . 
 i do n't even want to . 
 i do n't smoke , rarely drink , and i gave up chem years ago . 
 this is my vice . 
 even now , i 'm faintly irritated that i ca n't just jump , take us where i want to go . 
 fuck straight space travel . 
 but it 's more than that . 
 it 's an itch under my skin , and i ca n't scratch it , no matter what i do . 
 the longing wo n't go away until the colors come roaring through me , and my mind blossoms to ten times its size . 
 at this point , i must admit it might be killing me , albeit differently than most jumpers go out . 
 question is , what am i going to do about it ? 
 * * * chapter 13 hell is two weeks on a ship with an infant . 
 if you do n't believe me , try it . 
 by the end of week one , i 'm ready to space both koratati and her squalling bundle of pee . 
 dina says there 's nothing wrong with the little rotter ; that 's just what babies do . 
 to make things easier for the new mother , we 've instigated a rotating care schedule . 
 this was n't my idea , by the way . 
 i eventually caved to majority rule , but i did so with poor grace and a lot of mumbling . 
 i manage to keep my sanity on this straight haul by hiding out . 
 there are six crew rooms . 
 march and i snag the largest one , probably intended for the captain . 
 surge and kora share another , while dina , jael , and vel each claim their own . 
 the galley 's on the other side of the ship . 
 that leaves one room vacant , just before the maintenance closet with the hatch leading down to the holds . 
 i fill this space with spare chairs from storage and other odds and ends to make it more of a sitting room . 
 the bunk can recess completely into the wall , making my job easier . 
 mostly i 'm waiting to hear from doc , but the satellites are old and tetchy out here . 
 i 'll be lucky to get anything before we make emry station . 
 i tend to hunker down in there when the kid is crying because there 's more metal between us . 
 sometimes it helps , but you 'd be surprised how that racket carries . 
 when all the doors stand open , it 's an acoustic nightmare . 
 sometimes my esteemed crewmates join me , like i need company . 
 i 'm quite occupied with feeling sorry for myself , thanks . 
 i had a great-aunt whose main hobby included reading about strange diseases and then trying to match her symptoms to whatever exotic ailment took her fancy . 
 based on my depressive behavior this week , i suspect i may have more in common with my great-aunt tallia than i would 've previously guessed . 
 today jael joins me . 
 he 's just come in and does n't seem inclined to let me brood . 
 with a faint sigh , i put 245 aside . 
 people never understand why i talk to my pa , an ongoing experiment of sorts . 
 her ai chip seems incredibly sophisticated , and the more we interact , the more she learns , adapting her communication style to mirror my own . 
 this fascinates me . 
 `` are you busy ? '' 
 without an audience , he sheds most of his bravado , and in an oddly tentative movement , he occupies a chair opposite where i sit . 
 `` i guess not . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 `` people always treat me different , '' he says . 
 `` after they find out . 
 you have n't . 
 so i 'm wondering why . '' 
 i figure he 's talking about his origins in the ideal genome project . 
 `` this is pretty basic , but ... it 's because i do n't care . '' 
 the corp implemented the program shortly before i was born . 
 they offered designer babies for a premium price , and a few wealthy families took advantage of it . 
 they used the profit margin to fund a side research project , seeking to perfect the human condition . 
 forget antiaging treatments ; they wanted to develop bodies that do n't age , do n't suffer from illness , and require reduced amounts of rest . 
 few of their bred experiments survived to adulthood , and the corp officially shut the program down after religious outcry that outweighed any theoretical value . 
 who can say what went on behind closed doors ? 
 or what became of lab babies like the one sitting across from me ? 
 he 's the first i 've ever met . 
 jael looks puzzled . 
 `` you do n't care as in ... you 're disinterested ? 
 or you do n't care as in ... it does n't matter to you ? '' 
 `` both ? '' 
 yeah , it 's definitely both . 
 why does that intrigue him ? 
 he sits forward in his chair , hands clasped across his knees . 
 `` i do n't get you . '' 
 great . 
 he 's interested because i 'm not ? 
 men . 
 `` you do n't have to get me . 
 in fact i 'd rather you did n't since you 're disembarking next week , and i 'll never see your face again . '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` i already spoke to march , and he said i can stay . 
 you do n't have a gunner , and i know this ship 's weapons better than anyone else . '' 
 now why did n't march tell me that ? 
 `` what do you think will happen on emry ? '' 
 i steer the conversation away from personal topics . 
 at this point i 'm not interested in playing mother confessor , nor in soothing the scrapes on his soul . 
 plus i think it 's possible we may need weapons to cow the fools playing at resistance out here . 
 as long as nobody questions it , they can call themselves autonomous . 
 and the conglomerate is notorious for taking forever to determine a course of action . 
 i 'm amazed we got clearance to head for ithiss-tor so fast ; we probably have tarn to thank for that . 
 jael gives the question due consideration . 
 `` hard to say . 
 best to play it by ear once we get on station and see how they 're running things . 
 i do n't think they 've officially declared that they wo n't honor a ship 's request for aid as yet . 
 they 're waiting to hear from the conglomerate . '' 
 `` it 'll get messy , '' i predict . 
 `` the conglomerate will say , ` fine , if you 're autonomous , you 're also self-supporting , so you can pay for your own supplies , pay for station repairs on your own , ' and so on . '' 
 `` i wonder if they 've thought of that . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` probably not . 
 they 're corp wage slaves . 
 this is the first burst of independent thought they 've enjoyed in a while . 
 one ca n't blame them for being rusty . 
 but if that threat does n't work , then tarn might send armed enforcers to clean the place out . '' 
 `` the corp would 've just blown the place up and built a new one , '' he says . 
 `` like they did dupont station ? '' 
 `` i heard about that . 
 they were looking for you , were n't they ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 big scary terrorist , that 's me . '' 
 he snorts . 
 `` you do n't look so tough . '' 
 well , he 's right . 
 at the moment i feel like the baby could snap me like a twig . 
 it 's not a good idea to reveal your weaknesses , however . 
 `` appearances can be deceiving . '' 
 the man flinches like i hit a raw nerve . 
 `` i know that 's right . '' 
 `` aw , do n't tell me people think you 're pretty but dumb . 
 that must really sting . '' 
 this conversation is finally getting interesting . 
 `` do they suggest you should be in vids or wearing clothes professionally ? '' 
 `` bitch . '' 
 dina sweeps into the room in time to hear the invective . 
 `` making new friends , are you , jax ? '' 
 i flash her a grin . 
 `` you know , with a winning personality like i 've got - '' `` we 'll have ten different factions trying to kill us again within a week or two , '' she interjects . 
 `` ten ? 
 that seems a little on the high side , even for me . '' 
 `` i figure we 've already got the syndicate . 
 the ithtorians , who do n't really want to receive us in the first place and so are n't going to be happy with this delay . 
 the folks on lachion are going to be wondering where we are , too ... so that 's three already . '' 
 `` you think keri would hunt me down ? 
 i thought she kinda liked me by the time we left last time . '' 
 `` no , she enjoyed beating the shit out of you . '' 
 wearing an expression of tentative amusement , jael listens to us banter . 
 it seems like he wants to join in but is n't quite sure whether he 's allowed . 
 i do n't tell him that picking on me is practically an official pastime around here . 
 but she 's brought me a mug of hot choclaste . 
 my brow arches even as i accept the offering . 
 i ca n't help peering into the cup with suspicion . 
 `` did you pee in it ? '' 
 `` of course not . '' 
 dina waits until i 've taken a sip before adding , `` the baby did . '' 
 i manage not to give her the satisfaction of spluttering . 
 `` mmm . 
 i thought it had a special something . '' 
 `` you 're nasty , you know that ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` did march send you ? '' 
 the question comes out loaded . 
 when her gaze meets mine , i see that she 's figured it out . 
 i thought staying out of sight would be enough until i figured this thing out . 
 shit . 
 i do n't think i 'll be able to handle it if dina starts being nice to me . 
 treats me like an invalid . 
 `` what did i miss ? '' 
 jael glances between us , sensing subtext . 
 he really is smarter than he looks . 
 that just might keep him alive with this crew . 
 `` nothing , '' i answer before dina can . 
 `` okay , you did me a favor . 
 now what do you want in return ? '' 
 she pins on a smile that troubles me . 
 mary curse it , she 's worried about me . 
 `` it 's your turn to watch the brat . '' 
 `` oh , it most certainly is not . 
 i just - '' i trail off because it 's been days . 
 i hoped if i stayed out of sight , people would forget . 
 this `` team '' child-care thing sucks . 
 i 've never been near an infant so young before . 
 the kids i cared for on gehenna were all toddling , at least , which gets you a whole different set of problems . 
 i down the choclaste in one gulp . 
 `` fine . 
 but any longer than two hours , and i 'm not responsible for what may happen . 
 wars have been started over less . '' 
 `` do n't worry , it 's jael 's turn after yours . 
 i 'm sure he wo n't forget . '' 
 `` as if i 'd let him , '' i mutter , heading for the door . 
 * * * chapter 14 `` bernard 's luck to emry station . 
 requesting permission to dock . '' 
 march has been sending that same message on a timed loop ever since our sensors first picked up the station . 
 so far no response-and that worries me . 
 comm silence seldom results from a beneficial cause . 
 things may be worse than we 've been led to suppose . 
 emry station never qualified as a hub of activity , and no telling what 's going on there now . 
 the last we heard , it was full of farwan loyalists , but a lot can change in a few weeks . 
 the whole universe has changed , after all . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` we have to stop , no matter what . 
 we ca n't go on as we are . '' 
 i certainly agree with that . 
 this crappy little cutter does n't have the storage for long hauls . 
 we need to fuel up , refill our water tanks , and get some more supplies on board : nutri-paste at the very least . 
 mary only knows who 's going to pay for it . 
 the one good thing about the corp , i never had to worry about that . 
 we 've already received two angry messages from chancellor tarn , wanting to know where the hell we are . 
 i have n't decided what to tell him . 
 i intend to blame nonreceipt of his messages on sunspots , rogue comets , and anything else i can think of along the way . 
 hopefully , he 's a politician to the bone , and he 'll make up a convincing story that does n't leave the ithtorians wanting to kill us on sight for insulting them . 
 `` but we ca n't just dump surge , kora , and-what did they name the kid again ? 
 if it 's dangerous . '' 
 `` you know perfectly well they named her sirina . '' 
 `` i do ? '' 
 i do n't remember registering that , actually . 
 he nods , checking our distance from emry . 
 at our current cruising speed , we 'll be there in under an hour . 
 `` it 's a combination of sirantha and dina ... since you two helped kora through her labor , rodeisian tradition . 
 makes you like a ... godmother or something . '' 
 `` it does not . '' 
 i ca n't hide how appalled i am . 
 `` you 're making that up . '' 
 `` do n't believe me ? '' 
 he grins . 
 `` just ask kora . '' 
 `` what obligations does that involve ? 
 am i supposed to remember her birthday ? 
 send gifts ? '' 
 `` in the oldest terran sense you 're responsible for her moral fiber . 
 set a good example , keep her on the straight and narrow , all that . '' 
 `` now that you must be making up . '' 
 his grin delights me . 
 `` it 's true . 
 you can verify it with 245 if you like . '' 
 `` you 're enjoying this far too much . '' 
 i make a mental note to do just that , not that i do n't trust him , but ... well , you know . 
 `` for rodeisians , i suspect it involves something else entirely . 
 you and dina might be responsible for supervising sirina 's vision quest or something like that . 
 ask 245 about that as well . '' 
 for a moment , i try to imagine dina and me coordinating anything as a team , let alone an outing that involves out-of-body experiences and mild hallucinogens . 
 thankfully that 's years away yet . 
 i sprawl back in the nav chair and turn my face upward , appealing to a grungy gunmetal ceiling . 
 `` why me ? '' 
 `` because you fight so hard against attachments ? '' 
 though delivered casually , i register the intent quality of the question . 
 i force myself to answer lightly . 
 `` yeah , that must be it . 
 what 's the plan ? '' 
 march raises a brow . 
 `` when do we ever have a plan ? '' 
 `` we always have a plan . 
 we just do n't stick to it . '' 
 `` so what 's the point of making it ? 
 why not just wing it ? '' 
 i glare . 
 `` are you in the mood to argue with me ? '' 
 `` actually i 'm in the mood to fuck , but our timing 's off . '' 
 `` is n't it always ? 
 dance lessons might help . '' 
 the smile kindles in his dark eyes before it reaches his mouth . 
 with a wonder that actually steals my breath , i watch its genesis like a mini-sunrise lighting his whole face . 
 i do n't know how i got by without him , or why i fought so hard against this . 
 the first impression scares the shit out of me , but it 's breathtaking , too , like when you push off a cliff and feel the wind against your face . 
 at that point , you 're not thinking of anything but free fall . 
 landing comes later . 
 that 's what hurts . 
 then again , what does n't ? 
 i can close my eyes and construct this man 's face , feature by feature . 
 could i ever do that with kai ? 
 i ca n't remember anymore . 
 i know he had blond hair and green eyes , but he 's faded , like someone i knew a long time ago . 
 and i 'm not sure if that 's okay , or if it just makes me fickle . 
 he answers my thought without looking at me . 
 `` it makes you human . '' 
 that sounds like an equivocation to me , but then , i know he does n't like finding me thinking about the love i lost . 
 that 's tough shit , i 'm afraid . 
 i ca n't forget about kai . 
 i never will . 
 he was different than march in every conceivable way , so it puzzles me how i could love two such dissimilar men . 
 i have this dream sometimes where i 'm in a white room , no furniture , but there are two exits . 
 kai stands before one door and march stands before the other . 
 i 'm caught in the middle , and i have to choose . 
 i know this is a bullshit crazy-ass thing because i 'll never have to pick . 
 kai is gone . 
 i 'll never see him or touch him again . 
 i 'm happy with march . 
 i love him , i do . 
 but the dream still wakes me up in a cold sweat . 
 how do you measure love ? 
 quantify it ? 
 it 's not something you can put on a scale or pour into a beaker to examine its volume and viscosity . 
 crazy jax , worried about choosing between the living and the dead . 
 some days , though , i feel like i 'm closer to the latter than the former , and it 's not improving . 
 if anything , i 'm getting worse . 
 the bruise kora inflicted on me two weeks ago should be healed . 
 instead it 's just starting to turn blue-green . 
 my hair should be growing back . 
 i should have a short , nappy crop of curls on my head by now , but it still looks much as it did after we shaved it . 
 when i look in the mirror , it 's like i can see ghosts swimming in the glass . 
 they ca n't touch me yet , but my head echoes with their whispers . 
 `` please do n't think that way . '' 
 march finally cuts me a look , away from the instrument panels and readings he does n't need to monitor . 
 i remember that from the old days , before i knew how he felt about me . 
 he used the controls as a way to distance himself from me . 
 and the fact that he 's doing it now tells me he thinks we do , indeed , have something to fear . 
 `` have you ever heard of a jumper wasting away like this ? '' 
 there , i finally said it out loud . 
 now it 's no longer the pink orangutan that everyone pretends not to see . 
 `` no , but that does n't matter . 
 after we wrap things up here on emry , we 're heading straight for lachion , so doc can take a look at you . 
 do n't worry , jax . 
 we 'll fix it . '' 
 i do n't argue with him , but i have a feeling it wo n't be that simple . 
 at this point we do n't even know what `` it '' is . 
 there are any number of medical facilities we could jump to from here , no need to target lachion , except i trust doc , and i wo n't have somebody i do n't know poking around in my head . 
 or my intestines for that matter . 
 those days are done . 
 further complicating matters , we really should n't jump to ithiss-tor until we 're certain i 'm not infectious . 
 most likely any illness i 've contracted would n't translate to their systems , but i prefer to be sure . 
 i 'm not killing off a whole race as an unwitting plague carrier . 
 unless that 's what someone intends . 
 what if i 've been infected on purpose ? 
 what if - `` jax . '' 
 with a word , he reins in my paranoia . 
 one thing 's certain , though . 
 i 'll choose a trip to a psych and a eutha-booth over some long , lingering illness that has no cure . 
 either march is distracted , or he prefers to ignore that . 
 just as well , i do n't want to fight . 
 too tired . 
 still no answer from emry . 
 we 've reached real visual range now , no more distant images picked up by the sensors . 
 i lean in , studying the energy readings , though i do n't know enough about it to draw conclusions . 
 `` how 's it look ? '' 
 `` like something 's wrong . '' 
 `` wrong like they all caught some exotic disease and died , and the station is now infected with deadly parasites that kill you with bloody hemorrhaging out the eyeballs ? 
 or wrong like they do n't want to encourage visitors ? '' 
 march regards me for a moment and then shakes his head . 
 `` ever an optimist , are n't you ? 
 your imagination scares me sometimes , jax . '' 
 `` you know , the psychs always said that about me , too . '' 
 truthfully , i 'm getting a bad vibe from emry station . 
 not like what waited for us on dupont , nothing as harmless as hon and his raiders . 
 it 's too quiet here , too still . 
 something 's down there . 
 and it 's not in the mood to talk . 
 * * * chapter 15 whatever has gone wrong inside , the automated system still works . 
 as we glide toward the bay doors , the sensors detect us , and emry opens up . 
 i try to squelch the mental image of the docking mechanism as a gigantic maw waiting to devour us . 
 comm silence has become eerie . 
 by now someone should have come on , asking about the nature of our emergency . 
 instead the station ai coordinates our arrival in mechanized silence . 
 through the view screen , i watch as the inner doors seal . 
 they wo n't reopen until the outer doors close , and this area regains sufficient pressure and oxygen levels to support human life . 
 typically that takes about two minutes . 
 emry is an ugly station , designed with function in mind : two circular decks that rotate slowly in counterpoint to create artificial gravity . 
 i wait until the docking procedure completes and then swing out of the nav chair . 
 march follows me down through the hub , all the way to the hatch . 
 `` who 's going with us ? '' 
 `` kora and dina need to stay with the ship , '' he says at once . 
 that must be because he wants one of our people making sure surge and jael do n't fuel up and repo this thing , leaving us stranded . 
 march grins and offers an infinitesimal nod . 
 i guess he does n't trust vel completely yet , for all the guy saved my ass a few weeks ago . 
 i ca n't blame march ; he takes a while to warm up to people . 
 `` i 'll go , '' vel says quietly . 
 i 'm not entirely sure that 's a good idea . 
 we might need him on the ship to help dina , if our passengers get any bold ideas . 
 that is , until jael adds , `` me , too . '' 
 i relax a little . 
 dina can handle herself against surge . 
 kora should be too busy looking after sirina to start anything . 
 plus if dina is really her baby 's godmother , there should be some rodeisian rule against attacking her . 
 `` let 's gear up then . '' 
 what gear ? 
 i 've been a galactic vagabond since the sargasso , owning little more than a change of clothes . 
 i 'm not sure what he means , unless the luck has a hidden cache . 
 over the last two weeks i 've been over this junk-bucket starboard to stern and did n't find anything . 
 then again , maybe i just did n't know where to look . 
 march heads for the maintenance closet . 
 i watch as he keys open a smuggler 's cupboard , where they 've hidden a supply of shocksticks and a disruptor . 
 he takes the latter and shoves it through his belt . 
 with a shudder i remember how the thing mangled his arm , how i used it on other human beings . 
 i 'll never be able to use one again : sometimes in my sleep i still hear their screams . 
 before dupont station , i 'd never killed anyone . 
 i do n't know how much use i 'll be in a fight , but i take a baton nonetheless . 
 jael follows suit , but vel just shakes his head and turns toward the exit . 
 since i 've seen him fight bare-handed , i know he does n't need a weapon . 
 he 'll have to slip his human skin , though . 
 jael will probably piss himself if that happens . 
 `` leave the light on for us , '' i call to dina . 
 she grins . 
 `` try not to get yourself killed , dumb-ass . '' 
 `` it 's a tough job , but someone 's got to do it . '' 
 march pauses and then says to surge , `` see if you can get the fueling system to engage , but do not leave the docking bay . '' 
 i 'm not sure if the guy 's dumb enough to venture out alone . 
 i tend to say no-he was smart enough to get off planet when he did n't have enough creds to provision his ship . 
 i think they 'll be okay . 
 plus he 's got a wife and kid to think about , so surge wo n't do anything stupid . 
 he 's not the one we need to worry about cowboying all over the place . 
 i glance at jael and sigh . 
 march is the first one out . 
 he skins down the ladder with a grace i ca n't help but admire . 
 or maybe it 's his ass . 
 anyway , i go next , hitting the ground with an extra bounce that tells me we 're in light g . 
 the station 's crew probably take supplements to prevent suffering long-term physiological damage . 
 vel lands lightly beside me , and jael does n't bother with the ladder , just leaps . 
 despite my best intentions , his recklessness appeals to me on a visceral level . 
 in another time , before the sargasso , i suspect i would 've found him irresistible . 
 march cuts me a look , but thankfully he does n't say anything , at least not about that . 
 i 'm glad he has some common sense . 
 from the look of the docking bay , we might be the last humans left in this sector . 
 sputtering lights hint at some unknown electrical problem , and my sense of foreboding doubles . 
 `` you think it 's safe to go on ? '' 
 i hesitate , looking at the far doors , which lead into the station proper . 
 `` probably not . '' 
 march flashes me a smile . 
 `` you still in ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 it goes unspoken that i was ready to die at his side weeks ago . 
 that has n't changed . 
 `` we work in pairs then . 
 vel , you 're with jax . 
 jael , you come with me . '' 
 falling in with vel , i ca n't help but raise my brows . 
 i did n't expect we 'd split up . 
 `` you sure this is a good idea ? '' 
 `` we 're sticking together , jax . 
 i 'm not stupid . 
 but you never know what might happen inside , so it 's best if you have someone designated to watch your back . '' 
 that makes sense . 
 `` okay , i 'm guarding vel . '' 
 more like the other way around , but the bounty hunter is kind enough not to say it aloud . 
 the automated system has opened the doors into the station for us , but i ca n't see beyond a turn in the dark corridor . 
 a wisp of something brushes my face , like a spiderweb , but when i turn i ca n't see anything . 
 maybe it 's nerves . 
 nobody speaks as we push onward . 
 all my aches and pains fade to a low hum . 
 the instincts that have kept me alive for thirty-three years kick to the fore , leaving me clearheaded and alert . 
 i feel vel at my back , like he 's my mantid guardian . 
 shit , he might be for all i know . 
 in my right hand , i feel sweat forming around the shockstick . 
 the air does n't smell right as we move deeper , following the external corridors toward the inner reaches of the station . 
 the security doors are all stuck wide open . 
 yeah , something 's definitely wrong . 
 as we come into the commissary , i see the place has been ransacked . 
 crates and barrels torn open , but the supplies have been left behind . 
 what the hell were they looking for ? 
 chem ? 
 contraband ? 
 anyone with half a brain knows you are n't going to find that on an emergency station . 
 smugglers avoid these places like the plague . 
 here , you can fuel up and buy paste , maybe some organic for the kitchen-mate if they 've stocked up recently . 
 you can also find basic medical assistance . 
 and that 's all a station like this offers . 
 sweet . 
 something smells sweet and raw . 
 almost like a butcher shop gone bad . 
 overhead , the lights flicker and go out . 
 wordlessly , vel produces a torch-tube from his pack . 
 ever prepared , he is . 
 when he bends it , the chemicals mix and emit an eerie yellow-green glow . 
 the silence is starting to get to me . 
 i can hear the hum of distant machinery , but no human movements , no voices echoing . 
 just silence . 
 darkness . 
 vel raises his light just as i step into a puddle of something dark and sticky . 
 blood . 
 oh mary , it 's like being trapped on the sargasso , but without the overlying stench of burnt meat . 
 i feel march curl his hand around my shoulder , reassuring me . 
 `` did anyone else bring light ? '' 
 like a stupid newb , i have to shake my head . 
 apart from the shockstick i did n't bring a damn thing . 
 sweat rolls down my spine , pools in the small of my back . 
 my jumpsuit sticks to me , and i 'm sure i stink of fear . 
 you 'll be fine . 
 i 'm not going to let anything happen to you . 
 his presence fills my head , pushes back the panic . 
 maybe they 're empty promises , but march has never let me down . 
 jael has been oddly silent , so he startles me when he finally speaks . 
 `` i 've been through something like this before , '' he says , as if he does n't want his voice to carry . 
 i still do n't hear anything . 
 it 's as if we 're being hunted , unseen predators creeping closer while we wheel blindly in the dark . 
 at this moment i 'd sell my soul for a pair of night-vision goggles . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 march asks . 
 `` where ? '' 
 the guy just shakes his head . 
 `` i do n't want to upset anyone . '' 
 i glare , not that he can see me . 
 it does n't take a genius to figure out he means me . 
 before i can tell him off , he continues , `` if i 'm wrong , then there 's no need for me to talk about it . '' 
 his voice grows taut . 
 `` and if i 'm right , then mary help us all . '' 
 * * * chapter 16 from behind , l hear the sound of the inner docking doors clanging closed . 
 now we 're effectively separated from the others until we find a way to get them opened . 
 divide and conquer . 
 it 's the oldest trick in the book , but we could n't have taken a new mother and her child with us to explore the station . 
 our fate hangs on dina 's preventing surge and kora from stranding us here . 
 i have a lot of faith in our mechanic , but we may have stuck her with an impossible task . 
 they have a pilot and a jumper on board , but i hope they wo n't want to risk scrambling their daughter 's brains . 
 transport companies wo n't have an infant on board on interstellar voyages-too much liability involved . 
 as far as i know , they deny children under the age of two , and even transporting children older than that requires a special ship outfitted with miniature jump gear . 
 with a sigh , i glance around the commissary , seeking anything we can use . 
 i spot a box of uncracked torch-tubes . 
 though decidedly unglamorous , i 'm glad i 'm wearing this baggy jumpsuit because it has six pockets . 
 i stuff them full , a total of ten . 
 vel 's stick wo n't last forever . 
 when the chemicals burn out , we 'll be left flailing in the dark . 
 so here 's a little insurance against that eventuality . 
 we can ration them . 
 i do n't know what i 'll do when the lights go out . 
 ca n't think about that . 
 a little more rummaging unearths eight packets of paste . 
 i hope we wo n't be here long enough to need them , but i snag the food nonetheless . 
 nothing else catches my eye as immediately useful . 
 there are spare parts and fuel cells for weapons we do n't possess . 
 they would n't carry charge packs for the disruptor march carries , given that it counts as contraband . 
 going forward seems like our only option , even if it 's into the trackless dark . 
 i shudder a little . 
 it was dark when the sargasso went down , and i spent twelve hours pinned . 
 my scars flare with phantom pain . 
 wish i 'd stayed on the ship , even if it meant changing sirina . 
 `` it seems obvious that something happened to the original station crew , '' march says . 
 `` we have to figure out what , or it might take us , too . '' 
 i feel vel at my shoulder , oddly reassuring . 
 `` if we can get to a terminal , i can patch into their security cams and see what went on before our arrival . 
 knowing our enemy will help us formulate the best course of action . '' 
 `` sounds like a plan . '' 
 march leads the way . 
 shadows play hell with my peripheral vision as we move out of the commissary . 
 we 'll worry about supplies once we have a way to get them off station . 
 i try to focus on that-we will get out of this . 
 `` watch for webs . '' 
 jael sounds cold and collected , not the pretty , useless ornament i initially took him for . 
 i suspect he 's seen something , noticed something , that slipped right past me . 
 webs . 
 as i process that , vel adds , `` and cocoons . '' 
 does everyone know what 's on this station except me ? 
 in the distance , i register a skittering sound , oddly familiar . 
 where have i heard that before ? 
 i 've almost got it when vel tackles me , and we hit the floor hard . 
 i lose my grip on the shockstick , not that i 'm in any shape to fight . 
 it clatters along the floor , throwing tiny sparks of light . 
 ahead , march and jael scatter to opposite sides of the hallway . 
 a sweet stench hits me on a breeze that should n't be , which means - movement . 
 something white and filmy rebounds down the hall , passing between the four of us . 
 a trap ? 
 it looks like a web , just as jael said . 
 `` they may have set venom mines as well , '' vel murmurs near my ear . 
 `` if it spatters on your skin , the rest of you will be immobilized . '' 
 not him , though . 
 his physiology renders him poisonous to them . 
 now i know what we 're facing-the morgut . 
 that 's human slang , because they 're more gut than anything else . 
 the last time i saw some of these f ** kers , they tried to eat me . 
 then again , i was asking for it . 
 i start to suggest turning back and then i remember they 've sealed us in with them . 
 nothing like playing with your food a bit before you eat it . 
 `` noted , '' march says from a few feet up . 
 `` you mentioned you 've been through something like this before , '' he adds to jael . 
 `` so tell us what you know . '' 
 call it paranoia , a quality i possess in spades , but i do n't think we should stand here talking . 
 maybe stumbling blindly ahead is n't the best idea either , but they may be monitoring these hallways . 
 homing in on their prey . 
 us . 
 so the longer we hang around , the easier they catch us . 
 i 've never been hunted before , and i do n't much care for the sensation . 
 surprisingly , vel echoes my thoughts . 
 `` not here . 
 it is vital we get to a terminal . 
 i need to know what happened here . '' 
 `` i 'll tell you , '' jael says , as we round a corner with maximumcaution . 
 `` we interrupted their dinner , and now they plan on having us for dessert . '' 
 `` tell us while we move then . '' 
 march does n't sound like he 's in the mood to negotiate on this point . 
 jael seems to recognize this , but his voice holds a raw , unwilling note . 
 `` i signed on with surge , maybe four years back . 
 you 'd already quit the game , '' he says to march . 
 `` the rest of us were still willing to bleed for nicuan . 
 they had the money , and they never tire of the fight . 
 nobody wins , everybody dies . '' 
 we creep along by millimeters , staying in the shallow circle of light . 
 maybe we 'd be better off to douse it , but i ca n't face the dark . 
 i 'll lose my mind . 
 the ventilation system kicks in , sending a hiss of air past our faces . 
 i 'm already on the floor , jumpy as a chem-head after two days without a fix . 
 jael gives me a hand up , tugs me to my feet with a bred strength belied by his slender build . 
 he continues tonelessly . 
 `` someday , after we 're all gone , archaeologists will find cities of bone on that world . 
 our commanders were useless , soft , pampered imperial types , who came up with strategies from the comfort of their manor houses . 
 body count did n't matter to them . 
 they offered hazard pay and death benefits to the soldiers ' families . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 despite our situation , i almost succeed in forgetting about the living night all around us , haunted by mechanical noises and suspicious thumps in the ducts overhead . 
 almost . 
 `` my co sent us off world to investigate trouble at a satellite weapons factory , built outside of terrestrial tariffs . 
 they kept a skeleton crew on-site to monitor the automated production system , make necessary repairs . 
 and then one day , the place went quiet . '' 
 `` like emry , '' vel observes . 
 `` just so . 
 this is how the morgut prefer to operate . 
 pick a small , unimportant outpost and devour everything inside . 
 if they 're left undisturbed , they 'll sometimes nest . 
 breed , before moving on to their next hunt . '' 
 `` but you got away from them . '' 
 i cling to that as a beacon of hope while the dark swims around us , eddies and ebbs in fluid waves that keep me jerking in all directions . 
 i do n't know when i 've ever been this scared . 
 `` yeah , '' jael says . 
 `` and lightning does n't strike twice in the same place . '' 
 he 's a regular bundle of cheer . 
 i did n't need to be reminded that i 've stretched my luck until it 's transparent . 
 stay cool , jax . 
 this is no worse than a bad jump . 
 the hell it is n't . 
 at least grimspace can only steal my mind , not suck all the juices out of me , devour my flesh , and pick its fangs with my bones . 
 my fingers tighten on the shockstick , not that i think it 'll do me any good . 
 from what i remember they 're insanely fast . 
 on the silverfish , after vel captured me , i tried to feed myself to them instead of going back to the corp. . 
 yeah , i was desperate . 
 a monstrous marriage of arachnid and humanoid , the morgut have fanged mouths , jointed limbs , and hairy bodies that bulge in obscene , unnatural ways . 
 i try not to think about that as i stay close on vel 's heels . 
 i 'm guarding our rear flank , and i ca n't help but remember the scary vids where the person in back gets yanked away to some hideous fate , and nobody notices for like ten minutes . 
 `` i 'll always come for you , jax . '' 
 distracted by the need to watch our every movement , march answers me aloud . 
 the other two do n't seem to wonder what that 's about , though . 
 vel shines his light before we move a single meter while march pans with his disruptor . 
 anything that moves in the dark is going to get its innards rearranged . 
 i 'm not sure what to make of jael . 
 he 's too calm and unshaken . 
 we 're coming up on a two-way split in the corridor . 
 without a layout or a peek at station plans , we have no way of knowing which way we should turn . 
 down one of those halls might lie a nest or something worse . 
 `` right . '' 
 jael points without elaborating as to why we should go that way . 
 after vel shines the light both ways , i do n't have an opinion , but i do know my skin is crawling all to hell . 
 it feels like i 'm passing through wisps of webs , not enough to entrap me , but they do stick to my face . 
 i refuse to let myself start slapping at my skin , a complete breakdown of impulse versus intellect . 
 i wo n't be the one to go nuts and flee , shrieking in the dark . 
 the hum of machinery grows louder as we make the turn jael suggested . 
 maybe we can find a terminal here , so vel can patch in and see how many we 're looking at . 
 i 'd rather know the odds , straight out . 
 i saw the bounty hunter handle a full clutch of morgut on board the silverfish , so maybe our chances are good . 
 maybe . 
 i continue the silent pep talk as we continue , step by step . 
 the coppery stink increases , the closer we come . 
 by the time we hit maintenance , i have to cover my nose and mouth with my shirt . 
 mary , no . 
 i do n't want to look , but it 's a compulsion as vel lifts his light . 
 i register impressions as flashes that burn themselves into my retinas . 
 i 'll see this room again , frame by frame , in my nightmares , as if rendered on some old-fashioned film . 
 they 've been here . 
 chunks of flesh litter the floor . 
 i imagine the hunger , the frenzy that drove them to this . 
 i imagine the spilled blood as an intoxicant , reacting on their alien body chemistry . 
 to them , we are , quite simply , delicious . 
 * * * chapter 17 the blood has dried , leaving dark , tacky patches on the metal floor . 
 if left untended , it will rust . 
 do n't ask me why i 've focused on that , but i want to scrub all this away , as if that would mean it did n't happen . 
 lives were n't lost here . 
 i should know better than anyone how impossible that is . 
 cleaning up a mess does n't negate it . 
 and some things ca n't be swept under the proverbial rug . 
 the conglomerate will have no choice but to deal with the morgut now . 
 in its day , the corp dealt with them in terms of property damage . 
 they did n't care about loss of life , only the bottom line . 
 but these monsters are growing bolder now . 
 they 've acquired a taste for human flesh , and they do n't believe the human authorities have the power to stop them . 
 and maybe they 're right . 
 vel sweeps his light in a slow circle . 
 this room holds half-repaired bots and cleaning droids , spare parts , and bins full of wires . 
 against the far wall , there 's a terminal meant for diagnostics , but maybe it connects to the rest of the station . 
 we can hope . 
 by the low hiss of the unit , we still have power , even if the lights are n't working . 
 vel sets up at the terminal while march and jael take up guard positions in front of the door . 
 since we 're doing two things at once now , not moving as a unit , another light might come in handy . 
 plus i want them to be able to see anything that tries to get at us . 
 i hand a tube to march , who snaps it immediately . 
 now we have two anemic pools of yellow-green light . 
 because vel is supposed to be watching my back-and vice versa - i head over to his side . 
 he keys with unbelievable speed , but before i can try to assimilate what he 's doing , he 's inside their system . 
 i 've never seen anyone crack code like he does . 
 most hackers rely on gadgets , portable ais that run all the possible combinations . 
 with vel , it almost seems intuitive , like he can hear machines on a level that we ca n't . 
 another few clicks , and a grainy image comes up on the screen . 
 routine bot surveillance , these units perform basic cleaning , maintenance , and repairs as well . 
 we see what the little machine sees , a corridor that could be anywhere on the station . 
 `` anything yet ? '' 
 march asks without glancing our way . 
 `` yeah , we 're watching a bot - '' i break off because even the low-quality images ca n't conceal what 's sliding past . 
 i recognize the jerky , multijointed movements . 
 here 's visual confirmation , and a chill rolls over me . 
 when this recording ends in static , vel switches to another . 
 and another , until we 've seen every last droid destroyed . 
 there 's no record of the people who died here , screaming unheard . 
 no bloody images the talking heads can use on the vids to rouse people to a vocal outcry . 
 and the truth is , nobody dirtside gives a shit what happens to the folks up here . 
 maybe they even privately think we deserve such things for taking the risk . 
 we may find their names later on the outpost manifest or on duty rosters . 
 if we survive . 
 and it will be up to us to remember . 
 `` it 's a full clutch , '' he says at last . 
 `` at least ten . '' 
 `` there may be more if they 've had time to nest , '' jael adds . 
 `` they breed fast . 
 and they 'll be utterly savage if they 're protecting young . '' 
 `` they are always savage . '' 
 after checking to be sure he ca n't get primary systems online from here , vel powers down the terminal . 
 `` but i concur , that would make it worse . '' 
 `` would they lay eggs on a station without a renewable food source ? '' 
 that 's such a disgusting question . 
 march shrugs . 
 `` we 're here , are n't we ? 
 maybe they counted on a ship arriving now and then . '' 
 `` pointless speculation , '' vel says . 
 jael adds , `` we need to find and exterminate them . 
 the time for talking is over . '' 
 i actually agree with jael . 
 now that we have a rough idea how many we 're facing , the hunted need to become the hunters . 
 vel had an advantage against them on the silverfish ; they could n't lair up there , or spin webs and traps . 
 in close quarters , he has the edge since they use their fangs on prey-and if they bite him , they 'll die . 
 but here on emry , they 've had time to get comfortable . 
 they have the upper hand . 
 we 'll need to be tough , smart , and careful to make it out alive . 
 the instant i conceive that thought , the door slams shut . 
 march and jael spin as one , weapons drawn and ready . 
 but there 's nothing to fight . 
 how do you combat what you ca n't see ? 
 a hiss from the ventilation system gives the first warning . 
 `` they 're going to gas us , '' jael says grimly . 
 `` fragging cowards . '' 
 vel lifts his face , breathes in . 
 `` it 's nontoxic , designed to make you dizzy and noncombative . '' 
 `` but it 's not bothering you , '' jael says , his words already slurred . 
 he 's finally figuring out that vel is n't as average as he looks . 
 what i would n't give for a rebreather . 
 my stomach lurches , and my head starts to spin . 
 the room seems smoky , and i ca n't make my eyes focus . 
 i see two vels standing before me , and his voice seems to come from very far away . 
 `` do n't go to sleep , sirantha . 
 do you understand me ? 
 stay awake . '' 
 but i 'm so tired . 
 if i could just lie down for a minute , i could figure everything out . 
 i 'm positive of it . 
 i 've lost track of march and jael . 
 my knees feel like they 're melting . 
 vel jerks me upright and gives me a shake that rattles my teeth in my head . 
 when that does n't help a whole lot , he slaps me full across the face . 
 that stings enough that i try to fight back . 
 and that 's when the things drop down from the ceiling . 
 my head spins too much to count them . 
 when vel knocks me flat , i have the sense to stay down , though the blow feels like it may have cracked a few ribs . 
 ironically , the pain clears my head to some degree . 
 i try to breathe through my shirt , and that helps a little , too . 
 on my belly , i crawl along the floor , taking refuge behind a crate of machine parts . 
 the fighting seems blurred and distant , too far away for where i 'm hiding . 
 my vision ca n't be relied upon . 
 i hear march swearing steadily as he fires . 
 he 's taken cover somewhere nearby . 
 i hear the wet , splattering sound of the disruptor rearranging meat . 
 the morgut do n't scream when they die ; they keen . 
 jael screams . 
 my whole body tenses in response to the anguish of the sound . 
 backlit by a fallen torch-tube , i see the morgut hold his body aloft , skewered on one of the creature 's forelegs . 
 vel almost seems to fly as he crosses the room , severing the limb with a sonicblade i did n't even know he had . 
 but he 's got a pack of them following hard on his heels , so he ca n't do more for jael , who hits the ground in an agonizing arc . 
 the wounded thing shudders ; blood spatters , hot drops raining down on my face . 
 the bounty hunter wheels on the ones sinking their teeth into him from behind . 
 his weapon hums as he carves a gory map into their flesh . 
 and the one that 's missing a leg turns on march , who 's waiting for the disruptor to power up again . 
 the weapon cycles up , the lights on its grip indicating when it will be ready . 
 i give myself another good slap , fighting the effects of the gas . 
 i ca n't say whether it 's will or something else , but i manage to clear my head a little more . 
 my own cry strangles in my throat . 
 i taste the copper of jael 's blood , the flavor of terror and despair . 
 vel goes down beneath a wave of them . 
 they 'll die in agony , but if they hurt him bad enough , he 'll perish , too . 
 grim comfort . 
 the disruptor wo n't do march any good this time ; he 's used it too much , and it 's taking forever to charge . 
 the morgut advances , trembling with lust . 
 its fangs drip with the salivary fluid that paralyzes us . 
 one scrape , and he will be done . 
 the morgut hesitates , and then , with a careless swipe , it knocks the useless weapon from march 's hands . 
 it clatters to the floor a few meters from me , skidding into vel 's sonicblade . 
 i ca n't cower here . 
 i have to do something . 
 i 'm not the only jumper for once , so my life is n't more valuable than anyone else 's . 
 knowing any movement could draw their lethal hunger , knowing i might feel a spear through my intestines at any second , i crawl along the floor toward the sonicblade . 
 i could die . 
 well , i 'm willing . 
 i pinch the soft skin of my inner wrist . 
 i need pain , need it to focus and stay in the here and now . 
 i ca n't give in to the fuzziness building inside my head . 
 the swarm atop velith finally processes that they are n't sucking down sweet , delicious blood . 
 some fall into convulsions , a putrid froth boiling from their fanged maws . 
 some stagger away , weak and dying . 
 only two look as though they could fight . 
 that 's three too many , and they 're all stalking march . 
 at this point , they do n't register anyone else as a threat . 
 we 're beaten . 
 food . 
 he backs toward the terminal , trying to lead them away from me . 
 oh , no you do n't . 
 we have too much to do yet . 
 you 're not dying for me . 
 `` who better ? '' 
 he says aloud . 
 no . 
 as it lunges to dismember him , i hurl the knife . 
 * * * chapter 18 the blade whistles as it spins end over end and buries itself in the morgut 's faceted eye . 
 lucky shot . 
 though its brain has shut down , it will take a while for the body to figure that out . 
 its high-pitched death shriek distracts the other two long enough for march to dive toward vel 's body . 
 at first i think he 's lost his mind because he rolls across him , smearing himself with the bounty hunter 's blood . 
 he muffles a pained sound . 
 i imagine it stings like hell , but now i get it . 
 suddenly , he 's tainted meat . 
 they ca n't just sink their teeth in and feast . 
 he 'll need to be hosed off first . 
 damned inconvenient , is n't it , you greedy bastards ? 
 the other two chitter and clack , clawed forelegs waving with genuine menace . 
 maybe they 're discussing the best course of action or marveling at the ingenuity of their prey . 
 maybe they 're considering unconditional surrender because we might all be ithtorians beneath the skin . 
 hey , i can dream . 
 but even if they want to parlay , we have no way to talk to them , and i 'm sure they do n't speak universal . 
 why would they bother ? 
 humans certainly never troubled to learn bovine back when we were still eating cows . 
 vel might have translated-but he 's out . 
 he needs medical attention , and jael must be dead . 
 i can help best by keeping out of trouble . 
 they might have qualms about going after march with their fangs , but i have no such protection . 
 so i stay low and scuttle along the floor , slippery with blood , bowels , and insect innards for which i have no name . 
 the smell nearly compels me to add my dinner to the mess as i try to make my way toward the fallen morgut with the knife in his head . 
 if i can get that to march without being seen , he may have a chance . 
 he stands in a battle-ready crouch , waiting for their strike , most likely in unison . 
 they 'll use their claws , not fangs , but if they coordinate it well , he 's doomed . 
 the room is queerly lit by fallen torch-tubes , a flickering yellow-green glow that gives the maintenance shop a surreal , hellish air . 
 smoky gas lingers , ebbs , and eddies , adding to the infernal atmosphere . 
 i pass into pockets that make me light-headed . 
 i 'm tempted to rest my eyes until it passes . 
 sleep will make it better - ca n't . 
 vel told me to stay awake . 
 i shake off the confusion with sheer will . 
 please do n't let them notice me . 
 my own movements look oddly staccato as i slide behind boxes and barrels , and then crawl on my belly through the muck toward the twitching monster . 
 the blade makes a sucking motion as i yank it out , and then the faint hum kicks in . 
 good , still functional . 
 i slap it across the floor so it bounces against his boot . 
 low g gives it extra lift when he kicks it upward and catches it by the handle as if we 've orchestrated the maneuver hundreds of times before . 
 the morgut lunge for him as one , but he 's got a shot now . 
 `` fuck it , '' march says , as he wheels into the fight . 
 `` i 'll play the doomed hero another day . 
 do n't worry , jax . '' 
 my chest feels tight . 
 even now , he reassures me . 
 maybe i 've given him the edge he needs , but i ca n't watch . 
 i need to stay away from the action , or i may offer these monsters a hostage . 
 worse , they might stab me through the throat on the backswing . 
 i take refuge behind a crate of machine parts , come around the other side , and find jael 's body . 
 blood still bubbles sluggishly out of his gut wound around the limb that skewered him . 
 his face looks impossibly young , pure and clean , despite the filth that surrounds us . 
 when his eyes snap open , i recoil . 
 in the distance i hear march swearing steadily . 
 that 's good , means he 's still alive , for now . 
 holding his own . 
 before jael speaks , i 'm sure i know what he 's going to ask of me-a mercy killing . 
 end his pain . 
 but i do n't have a weapon . 
 lost my shockstick , the disruptor wo n't charge , and march has the blade . 
 how can i let this poor bastard suffer ? 
 `` pull it out . '' 
 his voice comes out thick and wet . 
 i can hear fluid in his throat , probably from his internal injuries . 
 `` do it fast , damn you . '' 
 `` you 'll bleed to death . '' 
 stupid to protest , he 's dying anyway . 
 `` do n't make me hurt you . '' 
 i choke out a laugh at that . 
 he ca n't even lift his head , and he 's threatening me ? 
 trembling from head to toe , i do as he asks . 
 wrap my hands around the severed leg and tug hard . 
 with some part of my mind , i register that it sounds a lot like the knife coming out of the morgut 's skull . 
 it takes all my willpower not to hurl . 
 `` seal the wound with your palm . '' 
 even as he barks the order , jael lifts weak hands , trying to do it himself . 
 i do n't know how the hell he thinks this will help , but i ca n't refuse a dying man his last request . 
 even if it means feeling his guts beneath my hand - except the wound is n't as wide as it ought to be , and unless the gas has completely fried my brain , it 's getting smaller . 
 i touch him gingerly , exploring his lower abdomen , and i find only wet skin . 
 bloody , but whole . 
 `` okay , what the hell - '' `` not now , '' he says , lurching to his feet . 
 `` your boy needs help over there . '' 
 with that , he dives into the fray , armed with the foreleg the morgut stabbed him with . 
 the fury from remembered agony must lend him strength because jael shoves it straight through the creature 's neck . 
 my first shocked thought-he was n't kidding on the ship when he said he 'd kill us all . 
 i have to see , have to know . 
 so i scramble to my feet and slip-slide over to march , who 's on his knees , sonicblade still in hand . 
 entrails spill along the floor , twisting bits of flesh that seem so inexpressibly alien that i shudder just looking at them . 
 he 's bleeding from about a hundred cuts , but he seems to be in one piece . 
 a sob escapes me . 
 i touch him briefly on the shoulder , a gesture that says everything as i pass by . 
 vel played bait for the rest of us , and i already owe him so much . 
 i want to know him better , perhaps more than he 'll ever allow . 
 and it might be too late . 
 i kneel in his blood , feeling it sizzle against the fabric of my jumpsuit . 
 i ca n't tell how wounded he is through the tattered human suit he 's wearing . 
 `` how bad ? '' 
 march asks , coming up behind me . 
 `` do n't know . 
 i need the knife . 
 let 's cut him free . '' 
 march hands me the sonicblade , and i go to work , feeling like a serial killer skinning her victim . 
 amid all the other smells i detect the faint scent of decomposition . 
 he needed to slough this skin soon anyway . 
 `` shit , you 're butchering him ! '' 
 jael lunges like he 's going to steal the weapon , but march steps in between us . 
 `` easy , she knows what she 's doing . '' 
 well , that may be an overstatement . 
 i 'll do my best , though . 
 i always do . 
 `` how 's your gut ? '' 
 march adds . 
 since i 'm slicing off vel 's faux skin as if peeling fruit , i do n't see his shrug , but i hear it in jael 's voice . 
 `` i 'm all right . '' 
 i delve in my jumpsuit pocket and find a fresh torch-tube , crack it so i can better judge the damage . 
 i count a dozen bites on his thorax alone , but they do n't look deep . 
 i need to keep cutting in order to finish assessing his condition . 
 not that i know what to do about it . 
 why do n't we have doc with us ? 
 fuck him for being safe on lachion , puttering around his lab when we need him so bad . 
 i do n't know enough about medicine to save vel if he 's in critical condition . 
 and mary curse it , we do n't have much more than a first-aid kit on the ship . 
 there 's a basic med center here on station , though , if we can get to it . 
 the medical ai may know what to do for him ; it should possess exobiological treatments . 
 as i shift vel to pull the rapidly rotting flesh away , i count five more bites . 
 his mandible works slowly , and it takes his vocalizer a few seconds to translate it to a pained sound within our hearing range . 
 i could almost cry in relief . 
 in fact , i feel tears stinging at my eyes , but i wo n't let them fall . 
 `` that would 've killed most guys , '' march observes . 
 `` i 'm not most guys . '' 
 jael kneels beside me , watching the procedure with horrified fascination . 
 vel 's features flash into sight . 
 `` right then , what the fuck - '' `` if i do n't get to ask , '' i cut in , `` then you do n't either . 
 this is n't the time for talk anyway . 
 you two should really figure out a way to get that door open , just in case there are more of them . 
 we 're in no shape to fight . '' 
 for once , i get the last word , and they both snap to work . 
 * * * chapter 19 while l work on vel , they jury-rig wires between the terminal and the door . 
 his blood stings my skin , and i spare a moment to hope it wo n't kill me , if slower than it does the morgut . 
 even if it might , i would n't stop . 
 `` if this works , '' march says , `` it 's going to take out half this room . '' 
 does n't it figure ? 
 our security guy is laid out while the two mercs , who tend to solve problems with a hammer , take charge of getting us out of here . 
 vel could probably hit two buttons and get the door to open . 
 i resist the urge to stare at jael , knowing he probably expects it . 
 everything we know about the bred comes from rumors from the gutter press , sensational gossip seasoned liberally with speculation . 
 like an ithtorian bounty hunter , who ever expects to meet one ? 
 his wounds appear to be coagulating nicely , but then , i do n't know what to expect , given his physiology . 
 i lack all but basic emergency training . 
 then again , i ca n't blow a security door either . 
 `` keep your head down , jax . '' 
 to my surprise , this terse order comes from jael . 
 `` march , line up some crates in front of vel , if you can . 
 give us some cover . '' 
 he nods to indicate that 's a good idea . 
 `` do n't set it off until we 're settled , '' he tells jael . 
 how morbid-the slimy floor provides a ready lubricant , so our makeshift barricade slides easily into place . 
 march crouches beside me . 
 `` ready , '' he calls . 
 instinctively , i bow my body over vel . 
 any debris that rains down will catch me in the back . 
 jael hits the switch to short out the terminal , and the current crackles along the wires , shorting out the electrical lock that holds the door in place . 
 it blows wide with a boom , slamming backward into the corridor . 
 the sound shocks vel awake . 
 i sense the moment he rejoins us , side-set eyes glittering up at me . 
 his mandible moves , and his vocalizer kicks in a few seconds later . 
 `` are you taking advantage of me , sirantha ? '' 
 `` was that a joke ? '' 
 sheepishly i ease off him . 
 `` and we 're out of here , '' jael says . 
 `` is he conscious ? '' 
 `` i am . '' 
 vel answers for himself . 
 `` can you help me up ? '' 
 since i was just about to ask if he could walk , i certainly can . 
 between march and me , we haul him to his feet . 
 as vel drops a foreleg around my shoulder , not out of affection but from a need for support , i flash back to our hike out on the teresengi basin . 
 vel seems to follow the thought because he sounds almost wry . 
 `` this is becoming a rather unfortunate tradition . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i murmur , once march and jael move off to scout ahead . 
 `` you sure got the short straw when they partnered you with me . '' 
 `` i 'm alive , '' he says . 
 `` there are those who would 've left me for dead , dismissing my injuries as too grievous to make me worth the risk of hampered travel . '' 
 damned twice over , i do n't know what to say . 
 he receivedthose wounds trying to protect me , and once before , in another life it seems , i considered leaving march after a fight went bad . 
 a wave of nausea washes over me , not because i 'm covered in gore , or embracing an ithtorian , but because i hate that jax . 
 does changing for the better absolve you of all the wicked shit you did before ? 
 no . 
 march fills my head like a warm glow . 
 instead you receive the twin delights of guilt and regret . 
 so he knows then . 
 i 've always wondered . 
 it 's what you do that counts , not what you consider doing . 
 he always knows exactly what to say . 
 i swear to mary , i could be dying , and he 'd ease my final jump into the dark . 
 i thought we agreed you are n't going to think like that ? 
 but he sounds resigned , as if he knows i 'll never stop thinking about two things : grimspace and my own death . 
 loving a navigator pretty much guarantees the dual obsession . 
 so far the hallway looks clear . 
 march and jael round the corner and disappear from sight . 
 of necessity , vel and i move slower , but march will warn me if there 's trouble . 
 i 'm surprised nobody has asked how i know certain things before now . 
 `` if we can find the control room , i can purge the vents , '' vel says . 
 `` and that 's a good thing ? '' 
 `` it might save our lives . '' 
 well , i 'm all for that . 
 `` clue me in ? '' 
 `` they prefer a secure enclosure for their nests , and on a station like this , only the ventilation shafts make sense . 
 the morgut cocoon a corpse along with their eggs , and their larvae eat their way out . 
 the young develop rapidly and could pose a significant threat before help arrives . '' 
 he 's right . 
 we ca n't just drop off kora , surge , and baby here , as intended . 
 anyone with a glimmer of conscience would wait for the cleanup crew to arrive to secure the station , and i 'm no exception . 
 `` so what happens in this purge ? '' 
 `` a burst of superheated air surges through the ducts and is vented into space . 
 it works on a system of locks , so the station does n't decompress . 
 they use it to clean debris out that bots ca n't manage ... '' vel hesitates . 
 `` and on more populous stations , it ... discourages nomads from taking up residence there . '' 
 `` or they wind up cooked and then spaced for vagrancy ? 
 harsh . '' 
 `` the universe often is . 
 had you not noticed ? '' 
 yes , there it is again , the hint of humor . 
 since he 's so formal all the time , it 's difficult to discern , subtle and droll . 
 `` i catch on slow , but i 'm starting to get it . '' 
 we come around the corner to find the hallway empty . 
 where the hell did the other two get to ? 
 i notice that their blood-smeared tracks simply end , which means they must 've gone ... up . 
 surely march would 've touched base if trouble hit , though . 
 if he could . 
 if he 's dead or unconscious - no . 
 not thinking that way . 
 though my head is full of images , mainly the morgut webbing them and hauling them up , i can only deal with one problem at a time . 
 the bounty hunter leans on me harder , and we 've only walked fifty meters . 
 he needs the med center . 
 in my considered opinion , purging the station can wait until i have him stabilized . 
 plus , a purge might fry march and jael , wherever the hell they are . 
 weak and dizzy from blood loss , vel 's not thinking as fast as usual , or he would 've noticed by now . 
 maybe i can keep him from worrying about it . 
 time is ticking . 
 my skin stings , my hip aches , and i ca n't use my left hand . 
 why does shit always come down to me ? 
 but maybe i 'm getting ahead of myself . 
 maybe march and jael are fine . 
 `` i know , '' i say aloud . 
 `` let me ask 245 for a sample layout of an emergency station . 
 it wo n't be exact , but it might give us an idea where to turn . '' 
 my pa would n't have helped earlier , because even preciseblueprints do n't include dangerous morgut nests , more 's the pity . 
 in any case , i did n't think of her until now . 
 i pull the unit from my pocket , input my codes , and ask for the information i need . 
 she actually seems a bit miffed that i do n't have time to chat . 
 maybe i 've talked to her too much during our ongoing experiment . 
 maybe she 's learned a uniquely human trait : loneliness . 
 `` yes , '' she says , after a few seconds searching . 
 `` as part of my helpful information database , i have plans for emergency stations . 
 they are designed to aid interstellar travelers in distress . 
 are you currently in distress , sirantha jax ? '' 
 `` yes , i most certainly am . 
 can you tell me where medical would be , assuming they did n't deviate from the standard design ? '' 
 `` please wait . '' 
 her new voice rings completely feminine . 
 a few weeks back , while we were confined to quarters , i decided if i talk to her as if she 's my best girlfriend , then she should sound the part . 
 then she flashes the location on-screen . 
 on the plus side , it should be located on this level . 
 on the minus side , it 's on the other side from where we are . 
 that means we have two hallways to cover ... without getting caught by whatever took march and jael . 
 i hate thinking like that , but it 's the only thing that makes sense . 
 i have to cordon off the terror and pain . 
 vel 's my responsibility right now . 
 march made him my partner in case we got separated , and i 'm not going to let vel bleed to death while i go tearing around after the other two . 
 at this point , i tell myself , it 's better if the remaining morgut snag march and jael instead of us . 
 i know that sounds callous , but they 're former mercs . 
 they have a better shot at surviving than we do right now . 
 `` let us move , '' vel says . 
 `` i do not know how much longer i can stay vertical . '' 
 one crisis at a time , jax . 
 * * * chapter 20 the distance seems a lot longer than it actually is . 
 i remember vel mentioning there might be traps laid , so we proceed with care . 
 i try to stay to the edges of the hallway . 
 my shoulders ache from the strain of holding him upright . 
 he 's not helping much anymore , moving on sheer determination . 
 if he goes down , i do n't have the strength to get him on his feet again , so we have to keep shuffling toward med bay . 
 or where it ought to be . 
 my pa sulks in my right front pocket ; i do n't think she quite grasps the urgency of the situation . 
 the silence troubles me . 
 i send a few experimental thoughts toward march , but i get nothing back . 
 it 's more than his lack of response , though . 
 the station itself seems oddly still . 
 could be my paranoia , i suppose . 
 maybe nothing 's left but us . 
 when we turn the corner into the last hallway , a web snaps down toward us , but we 're not quite in range . 
 we stagger back a few paces while i try to control my heart rate . 
 lucky they placed the trigger off a few centimeters or we 'd be finding out firsthand what became of march and jael . 
 i suspect they let themselves be taken ... because it 's more comforting than the other options . 
 why would they do that ? 
 i ca n't even speculate , unless it sprang from some heroic urge to take on the rest of the morgut without endangering vel and me . 
 i spare a moment of gratitude that the med center is where 245 predicted . 
 as i suspected , it 's unmanned . 
 vel collapses on a cot while i commandeer a workstation . 
 `` power on . '' 
 i hope these are n't coded to require certain voice patterns . 
 then again , that would n't make sense , given the budget for these outposts . 
 pure relief surges through me when the screen lights up . 
 `` access emergency medical database . 
 seeking treatment for an ithtorian suffering from multiple bite wounds and blood loss . '' 
 `` accessing . '' 
 this ai sounds cool and collected , which is reassuring in a medical system . 
 `` recommend sonic cleansing and immediate application of liquid skin , type four . 
 contains antibacterial agents and macrobiotic , further intervention is not required unless patient exhibits signs of infection . 
 augment treatment with a transfusion of synthetic intravenous fluid , program med-bot to use type 1345ab . '' 
 liquid skin . 
 med-bot . 
 vel 's gone under again , which is probably best . 
 thankfully the station provides some guidance as to where i can find things . 
 my hands tremble as i carry out the instructions . 
 they keep the med-bot in a cupboard , charging until he 's needed again . 
 he powers up at my voice command , and i 'm able to program him with treatment instructions that way as well . 
 in efficient , mechanical motions , he handles the infusion , which should help vel stay conscious . 
 as for me , i suck down a packet of paste . 
 wo n't do any good if i pass out . 
 i 'm f ** king exhausted , and i ache all over . 
 for good or ill , we 're holed up here until we both feel better . 
 i hope to mary that march and jael are all right , but i ca n't save them . 
 i just ca n't . 
 when they disappeared , i chose to stick with vel . 
 that 's a f ** king agonizing decision . 
 i love march . 
 i feel like i 'm abandoning him , but presently he 's not my lover ; he ca n't be , or i 'll go nuts . 
 as my captain , he gave me an order : guard vel 's back . 
 i 've never been much for authority , but i trust his judgment . 
 so i force my worry down , compartmentalize it . 
 i 'm an old pro at that . 
 i 'd kill to get cleaned up . 
 that 's when i notice the san-shower , probably kept in here so the doc can wash up after dealing with messy injuries . 
 i hesitate only a few seconds . 
 `` do you have a quarantine protocol ? '' 
 `` affirmative . '' 
 `` activate it and secure the doors . 
 require my voice imprint to override . '' 
 `` state the name of the attending physician and the nature of the infectious illness for station records , please . '' 
 shit . 
 i wrack my brain , hoping it wo n't check my name against a credentialed list of physicians . 
 then i solve the problem . 
 i hope . 
 `` saul solaith , logging a case of advanced jenner 's retrovirus . '' 
 the machine pauses , which suggests i was right about the database . 
 `` acknowledged , dr. solaith . 
 activating quarantine . 
 outside access to medical facility will require your authorization . '' 
 heh . 
 technology often manages to be both brilliant and wonderfully stupid . 
 it apparently does n't care that i 'm the wrong gender , or maybe it does n't register pitch and match it against official records . 
 they run on a shoestring budget in places like emry , and they would n't have the latest innovations , luckily for me . 
 i take a look around med bay , most specifically at the ceiling . 
 it lacks the access panels to the ducts that we encountered in the maintenance room . 
 in here the vents are tiny , not big enough for anything to drop down . 
 i decide it would take a cutting torch to get to us . 
 vel appears to be stable , and the med-bot stands ready , monitoring his vitals . 
 that frees me up to rummage . 
 there 's no point in washing , if i have to put this filthy jumpsuit back on . 
 to my delight i uncover a spare pair of scrubs . 
 if i 'm impersonating doc , i might as well go all the way , right ? 
 before i hit the shower , i fiddle with the terminal a little . 
 the comm channel does n't respond , however , and i ca n't reach the ship . 
 not that i expected to . 
 it seems insanely mundane to strip down and step into the stall , but why is it better for me to sit around covered in blood ? 
 if i go running around the station , looking for march and jael , i may only succeed in getting myself killed . 
 plus i leave vel vulnerable . 
 we 're safe here , and we need to stay that way . 
 i refuse to do something stupid . 
 at least that 's what i tell myself as i wash up . 
 i 'm just being smart . 
 are n't i ? 
 i ca n't sort good sense from cowardice at this point . 
 guilt weighs me down too much . 
 one thing 's for sure . 
 i 'm beating the shit out of march for putting me through this . 
 when he finds us . 
 after stepping out of the san-shower , i dress quickly in the castoff clothing . 
 coming around the partition , i see that vel has struggled to an upright position . 
 i interpret the clicking of his claws as agitation . 
 the movement slows when he registers my presence . 
 i do n't say anything because i 'd freak if he disappeared on me , too . 
 `` you have become a medical professional ? 
 how long was i out ? '' 
 `` not more than an hour . '' 
 i check the med-bot to confirm . 
 `` any word from the others ? '' 
 trust him to strike at the heart of the matter . 
 `` we might be the last people left in the universe for all i know , '' i answer quietly . 
 `` nothing on the comm channel ; it appears to have been disabled . 
 and i have n't heard a peep from march or jael since you passed out . '' 
 `` you did a nice job patching me up , '' he says , ignoring the rest for the moment . 
 i shrug . 
 `` anyone could 've done it . 
 i just followed instructions . '' 
 `` anyone did not . '' 
 his rounded eyes glitter as he regards me . 
 i 'm used to his natural face now , just wish i could read him better . 
 `` you are a constant surprise to me . '' 
 not sure what he means , if he thought i 'd dump his unconscious body , first chance i got . 
 no f ** king way-while the morgut ca n't eat him , they can sure as shit kill him . 
 i could spout some shit about responsibility , but it 's more than that . 
 i need to acknowledge it . 
 `` we 're friends , '' i say softly . 
 `` you 'd do the same for me . '' 
 he ignores that as if he does n't know what to say . 
 `` you look done in , and you must be worried about the others . 
 i will stand watch for a couple hours , sirantha . 
 get some rest . 
 when you wake up , we will decide our next step . '' 
 i hope he does n't suggest a purge again . 
 i ca n't permit that without knowing the fate of the other two . 
 yet at the same time , i do n't like the thought of what might be growing within emry 's bowels . 
 `` it seems like we need to head for the systems-control room . 
 see if we can get the bay doors open . 
 we need to warn the others . 
 they can bounce a message to new terra , explaining the situation and requesting a cleanup crew . '' 
 `` later , '' he says with gentle insistence . 
 `` there 's paste in my jumpsuit . '' 
 i lie down at last , feeling the tension in my joints pop in celebration . 
 `` i would rather die . '' 
 though we 're a bit more comfortable now , this occasion reminds me of the cave , where we relied on each other once before . 
 life or death , no second chances . 
 i love march , but vel is something else entirely . 
 he 's one person i 'd trust at my back , no questions asked . 
 funny how that worked out , considering the corp hired him to hunt me . 
 i relax , and the minute my eyes close , i 'm gone . 
 darkness wins . 
 * * * chapter 21 l do n't know how long l 've been out , but a thump jerks me out of a fitful sleep . 
 my heart thuds as i take stock of my surroundings : cots , cupboards , various bits of equipment . 
 right . 
 med bay , emry station . 
 i find vel at the workstation , zipping through files that mean nothing to me . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he answers . 
 `` i am trying to get external cameras online , but it is not working . 
 i have no idea who-or what - is out there . 
 and i can not seem to open the door . '' 
 he pauses with certain ironic inflection . 
 `` dr. solaith . '' 
 `` yeah , well . '' 
 i roll off the narrow bed , feeling somewhat better . 
 jax ? 
 open the door , baby . 
 it 's me . 
 i 'm all right . 
 a rush of relief nearly deposits me on the floor . 
 i did n't realize how scared i was until this moment . 
 this silence might have lasted forever . 
 even as i go to the terminal to deactivate the quarantine , my knees still feel weak . 
 `` saul solaith , '' i tell the computer . 
 `` requesting override . 
 access to medical facility now permitted . '' 
 vel cocks his head at me . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 i do n't answer . 
 instead i turn toward the door and key it open to find march there with a small body in his arms . 
 jael stands a few paces behind , and they both look as though they 've been to hell and back . 
 i have no idea how he knew i 'd be here , but i 'm so happy to see him - `` you dick ! '' 
 not the first words i thought to speak , but it 's what comes out . 
 `` i ca n't believe you worried me like that . 
 thoughtless a ** hole . '' 
 march shakes his head . 
 `` i 'll explain later . 
 right now , i need to help her . '' 
 that 's when i notice the child 's chest rising and falling . 
 they managed to save someone ? 
 a miracle . 
 march heads straight for the med-bot . 
 after he programs it , the droid goes to work on the girl . 
 the tiny little thing ca n't be more than four years old . 
 at present , she 's dirty , her hair matted with webs . 
 i ca n't tell anything else . 
 maybe surge and kora will foster her . 
 `` march found her . '' 
 jael sounds as if he 's been strangled . 
 he drops down heavily on the cot i just vacated . 
 `` weirdest fragging thing i ever saw . 
 we went through the vents for hours . 
 he 'd stop and listen , and then go on again , like he was homing in on her somehow . '' 
 yes . 
 that 's exactly what he was doing . 
 and why he could n't touch base with me . 
 if he stopped focusing on her thoughts , even for an instant , he might 've lost her . 
 he could n't take that risk , particularly not to reassure me . 
 sure , i was scared shitless , but i was safe , unlike this poor girl . 
 once again , march proves he 's a bona fide hero . 
 my anger melts away . 
 `` they cocooned her , but the eggs had n't hatched yet , '' march says then . 
 `` she 's terrified , dehydrated , and malnourished . 
 ca n't imagine what it was like for her . '' 
 vel studies me for a moment . 
 once he has some time to reflect , he 's going to put the pieces together about march 's ability . 
 i just do n't know what he 'll do about it . 
 `` i 've been studying the station grid , '' the bounty hunter says . 
 `` and i 'm going to the sys-control room . 
 i 'll open the interior docking door and purge the vents . 
 then i 'll head back to the ship . 
 we 'll bounce a message out . '' 
 `` are you sure you 're strong enough ? 
 do you need me to go with you ? '' 
 just a few hours ago , he passed out on me . 
 but maybe the synth-blood he received provided more of a boost than i realized . 
 `` i can handle this , '' vel assures me . 
 with that , he slips out . 
 jael has closed his eyes . 
 he seems inert until his lips curve into a faint smile . 
 `` this is the first crew that ever made me feel normal . 
 thanks . '' 
 that does n't seem to require a response , so i cross to march 's side . 
 he watches the little girl with pained tenderness . 
 i get the feeling he does n't really see her at this moment . 
 he 's picturing all the people he failed to save . 
 i f ** king hate that expression , so grim and bleak . 
 it hurts me just looking at him . 
 `` is she going to be all right ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` she has a shot now . 
 that 's more than she had before . '' 
 `` good work out there today . '' 
 that seems to register where nothing else has . 
 `` thanks . 
 you , too . 
 you did exactly as i hoped you would . 
 you got vel medical attention and kept safe . '' 
 `` you scared the shit out of me , '' i admit , low . 
 march turns to me then and pulls me into his arms . 
 i drop my head onto his chest , even though he 's covered in dried blood . 
 `` i know . 
 i took my turn , trust me . 
 you must 've been asleep when i started trying to find you again , jax . 
 it was like ... '' he pauses , and i know he 's thinking of when vel took me . 
 when he thought i was dead . 
 `` i 'm sorry i put you through that , but i could n't - '' `` i know , '' i say softly . 
 `` i just thought , well , i was afraid - '' `` you did n't let me down . '' 
 `` do you two ever finish your own sentences ? '' 
 jael asks . 
 shit , i forgot he is here . 
 if he did n't look so beat-up , i 'd hit him . 
 `` rarely . '' 
 i expect him to make some wisecrack , but he merely says , perhaps a touch wistfully , `` must be nice . '' 
 `` it has its moments . 
 i 'm going to clean up , jax . 
 keep an eye on things for me . '' 
 he means the girl . 
 i nod . 
 `` of course . '' 
 within a few moments , i hear the san-shower kick in . 
 until he went quiet , i did n't realize how much i 'd come to count on his presence , wandering in and out of my head . 
 maybe that sounds crazy , but for a jumper , it 's almost commonplace . 
 i 'm used to sharing mind-space . 
 time to take a look at our patient . 
 the med-bot has n't noted any problems with her vitals . 
 i suspect she received some of the sedative saliva before going in the cocoon . 
 i hope it does n't have any lasting detrimental effects on the nervous system or cognitive functions . 
 dammit . 
 at this point , i 'm considering a crash course in medicine . 
 i search through the database for information . 
 i do n't find anything about the residual effects of the saliva , though , probably because the morgut tend to digest the evidence . 
 `` why do you have a bug with you ? '' 
 in a way , i 'm glad jael chooses to ask about vel . 
 i 'd lie for march , just not sure how well . 
 `` he 's the bounty hunter the corp hired to track me down when they were trying to pin the sargasso crash on me . 
 fortunately , vel respects the truth more than a payday . 
 plus they pissed him off when they tried to fry him . '' 
 `` i guess that would do it , '' he agrees without opening his eyes . 
 `` it was rough up there . 
 they snapped us up in a web , pulled us into the ducts , but march still had the blade in hand , so we cut our way out . '' 
 `` there were more ? '' 
 i 'm not sure if i really want to know . 
 `` we killed six up top , '' he says . 
 `` you 're a lot tougher than you look . '' 
 duh . 
 i pulled something out of his gut and felt him heal . 
 that may be the stupidest thing i 've ever said . 
 his mouth curves into a half smile . 
 `` so are you . '' 
 jael cracks his eyes open to study me . 
 for the first time i notice they 're a pale , icy blue , like frozen rivers in the teresengi basin . 
 `` i figured you 'd freak when we vanished , but march said no . '' 
 he hesitates . 
 `` i 've run with some tough bitches in my day , fought under a couple who were scarier than any men i 've met , but they were mercs . 
 i 've never known a civchick to handle herself like you did . 
 you were cool , jax , dead cool . '' 
 is that a compliment ? 
 `` i 'm not at the top of my game right now . '' 
 his eyes drift closed . 
 `` you should let the bot take a look . '' 
 as i consider that , the workstation beeps , indicating an incoming transmission . 
 to my surprise , when i accept the message , i find vel 's face on-screen . 
 `` i got the comm channel back online , and i 've sent a message to chancellor tarn , explaining the delay to our mission . 
 he 's promised to get a cleanup crew out here as soon as possible . '' 
 vel pauses . 
 `` his exact words were : ` what the devil are you doing at emry station ! 
 you 're weeks off course ! ' 
 he does n't seem overly impressed with our heroism , sirantha . '' 
 i snort . 
 `` he would n't . '' 
 the man 's a politician . 
 they do n't give a shit about the welfare of individuals , only electoral points and obscure polls . 
 a thought occurs to me . 
 `` hey , if he cans me , would you serve with another ambassador , vel ? '' 
 the bounty hunter considers . 
 `` no . 
 from our past dealings , i know you are honest , and i could not bring such assurance to my kinsmen about another candidate . '' 
 `` i guess that makes me uniquely qualified , does n't it ? '' 
 talk about job security . 
 `` it would seem so . 
 everything all right there ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` we may as well choose quarters and get comfortable . 
 it looks like we 're going to be here awhile . 
 did you get in touch with dina ? '' 
 `` affirmative . 
 the purge is complete as well . 
 emry should be secure now . '' 
 march steps around the partition , looking damp and battered , but inexpressibly dear . 
 `` much better . 
 how 's our girl ? '' 
 `` still sleeping . 
 how do you feel about station life ? '' 
 he cocks a brow at me . 
 `` it tends to be slow and boring . 
 why ? '' 
 `` because we 're in charge until the cleanup crew arrives . '' 
 jael and march swear in unison . 
 * * * chapter 22 thus commence the longest days of my life . 
 there 's nothing like running an emergency station to make you feel like you 're alone in the universe . 
 at first i live in fear that another morgut ship will dock , and then i 'm afraid new terra will never send the promised crew . 
 by day eight , i 'm genuinely worried we 'll be stuck here with dwindling supplies and a couple of kids . 
 staying much longer will drive me nuts . 
 if i wanted this kind of life , i would 've stayed where there 's a whole world to move around in . 
 i need new sights and sounds , constant change , in order to keep from feeling twitchy , and the fact that i have n't jumped in weeks only exacerbates my station fever . 
 to make matters worse , march insists on having the med-bot run some tests on me . 
 i suppose it makes sense , but nobody on board can interpret the results , which leaves a diagnosis up to the emergency medical ai . 
 maybe it 's primitive of me , but i would feel better if doc were here . 
 i do n't think technology can figure out what 's wrong with me . 
 until it does . 
 `` acute degenerative bone disease of unknown origin , '' the ai says . 
 `` recommend immediate and aggressive treatment via daily injections of vitamin d3 , calcium , and phosphorus . 
 if underlying cause can not be determined , however , this regimen may provide only limited long-term therapeutic value . '' 
 bone disease ? 
 jumpers do n't die of such an old woman 's illness . 
 and i 'm not that old . 
 that ca n't be right . 
 but a few days ago , the med-bot set the broken bones in my left hand . 
 i 'm wearing a small brace now to keep them in place while they heal-and that could take a while . 
 no wonder kora snapped my fingers like dry twigs . 
 march tries to smile , but i can tell he 's troubled . 
 well , that makes two of us . 
 `` take your medicine . 
 i 'm sure you 'll feel better in no time . '' 
 maybe i do n't always eat right , but there 's no logical reason why i would come up calcium deficient . 
 while undeniably disgusting , nutri-paste provides all necessary nutrients to maintain good health . 
 and i suck down the stuff more than i 'd like to admit , so it 's not like i 'm living off cheap homebrew and sweets . 
 `` you ca n't possibly trust that thing , '' i protest . 
 `` it 's probably a hundred years old . 
 it 'll poison me . '' 
 `` it 's a sound program , jax . 
 and that thing saved tiera and vel . '' 
 tiera is the little girl . 
 she has terrible nightmares , but she took to kora straightaway . 
 i hope she wo n't remember much of this ordeal as she gets older . 
 we found the duty roster . 
 twelve souls died here , including her parents . 
 tiera does n't seem to understand the idea that they 're gone for good . 
 she 's too young to learn something so painful-that sometimes people do n't come back . 
 like always , i think of kai . 
 part of me will always ache for him . 
 a divided heart offers a strange sensation . 
 i love march enough to die for him , but i still miss kai . 
 is that wrong ? 
 do other people feel like this ? 
 sometimes he feels agonizingly close , as if he 's watching me , as if i could touch him . 
 i never would have believed it possible before . 
 medical science disproved it . 
 but i 've seen miracles in my day . 
 by his taut expression , march knows what i 'm thinking , but he does n't say anything . 
 it 's impossible to lie to him , and i would n't want to , even if i could . 
 he has to take me as i am , broken bits and all . 
 `` i do , '' he says . 
 `` but you 're not going to get better by ignoring the problem , and i wo n't lose you . '' 
 his voice comes out raw . 
 dammit , he 's right . 
 maybe the workstation itself is a bit antiquated , but the database updates frequently via bounce uplinks . 
 besides , i do feel like absolute shit . 
 maybe this will help . 
 i sigh . 
 `` fine . 
 i refuse to be stupid on principle . '' 
 `` yes , '' he says , dark eyes twinkling . 
 `` you always have impeccable reasons for acting like an imbecile . '' 
 why do i put up with his shit ? 
 i grin reluctantly . 
 `` damn right . '' 
 with poor grace , i let the droid do its thing . 
 i refuse to linger in med bay , though . 
 the bot might decide to turn me into a man . 
 `` mary forefend , '' march says , following me out . 
 i have no idea where the others are . 
 with two levels , it 's easy to lose track , but i feel reasonably safe . 
 vel has done four purges , just to be certain , so if there was anything left in the vents , he fried and then spaced it . 
 this is n't the first station the morgut have ravaged , and unless the conglomerate pulls its head out of its collective ass , it wo n't be the last . 
 they do n't fear us . 
 they see us as food , and you do n't respect something that lets you eat it . 
 i stride along the corridor toward the lift . 
 the dull gray-green walls offer little in the way of cheer , but nobody expects to find that here . 
 this is a last resort , a place nobody comes by choice . 
 not even the crew that mans it . 
 `` where we going ? '' 
 he asks , as we step into the tube . 
 `` up . '' 
 i smile , knowing he hates when i 'm cryptic . 
 a smile begins in his eyes and works its way down his mouth . 
 `` private quarters are located on the second level . '' 
 `` so they are . '' 
 but when we step off , i do n't turn toward them . 
 i 'm sure he 's disappointed when i stop outside the training room . 
 we have n't had sex in quite some while , and now i hesitate . 
 i do n't want him to see me like this , so thin and sickly . 
 i could n't bear it if desire transmuted to pity somewhere amid the kissing . 
 `` that would never happen , '' he assures me . 
 `` you say that now . '' 
 the door slides open to admit me , offering us free use of limited equipment . 
 a serious health enthusiast would be appalled , but i just want to burn off some nervous energy . 
 i feel trapped , as if even my skin 's too small . 
 i need to run until i ca n't think about how much i want to jump . 
 i miss the colors and the astonishing splendor of the universe rushing through my open mind like wildfire . 
 my chest hurts . 
 if i did n't know better , i 'd call it a cardio problem , but i 've been through withdrawal before . 
 it 's bad this time , and it 'll get worse . 
 i 've seen jumpers who opt out devolve into screaming fits before they burn it out of their system , before the memories fade enough to be bearable . 
 the ones who recover make fine teachers . 
 i 'm sure march would rather i f ** k him senseless to help me through this , but i just ca n't . 
 not now . 
 `` i 'm going to use the treadmill a bit . 
 you 're welcome to join me if you like . '' 
 `` is that a metaphor ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` just when i think i 'm about to get somewhere , you invite me to run in place . '' 
 i misunderstand deliberately . 
 `` it 's good for you . '' 
 `` is it ? '' 
 march raises a brow . 
 `` i expect certain ascetic brotherhoods would agree with you . '' 
 `` what are we talking about again ? '' 
 i begin my stretches , careful not to look him in the eye . 
 `` you know perfectly well . '' 
 well , of course i do . 
 he 's my pilot , is n't he ? 
 i just do n't want to deal with it . 
 avoidance is n't my style , though . 
 never has been . 
 i need to bring it out in the open . 
 `` what do you want me to say ? '' 
 sufficiently limber , i climb on the machine . 
 it registers my height and weight , and then sets my initial pace accordingly . 
 `` i want to know what the hell 's going on , '' he bites out . 
 `` i thought we were - '' `` together ? '' 
 i supply . 
 `` yes , that . 
 and we make decisions as one , do n't we ? 
 when did we decide on celibacy , exactly ? 
 i 'm dying to touch you . '' 
 i do n't look at him as i run , arms curled high against my sides . 
 `` it was n't a decision . 
 it just happened . 
 first they separated us , and then - '' i got sick . 
 no . 
 i just ca n't say that aloud . 
 but he 's strong and fit , whereas i 'm fragile . 
 i ca n't wade in beside him with a shockstick and a kiss-my-ass smile anymore . 
 i do n't have the stamina or the speed . 
 i ca n't be an equal partner to him now . 
 maybe i never can be again . 
 the old jax would n't have cowered with vel in the med center . 
 she 'd have found a way to do both , somehow . 
 she 'd have saved vel and managed to find march , too . 
 i can rationalize it , but i 've changed . 
 i 'm not up to my old weight . 
 weak . 
 before i can alter the status quo , i need to hear what doc has to say . 
 it 's not fair to tie march to someone who may have a shorter life expectancy than your typical jumper-and that 's saying a lot . 
 that truth hurts so much that i 'll never be able to speak the words . 
 not to him . 
 but he knows . 
 deliberately , march steps off his machine and heads for the door . 
 even though i 'm not psi , i feel the pain rolling off him in raw , angry waves . 
 without turning , he says , `` i had no idea you were such a f ** king coward , jax . 
 you think you love me enough to die for me . 
 big f ** king deal ; you do n't love me enough to live for me . 
 you 've quit on us before we ever began . '' 
 * * * chapter 23 lt 's just like that first time , all over again . 
 i 've finally got what i wanted so bad . 
 here i sit in the nav chair , ready to jack in , next to a pilot who wants nothing to do with me . 
 i already tried to apologize , but he 's having none of it . 
 that scrapes the wrong way since i want to keep us from making a terrible mistake . 
 if i pull back , then hearing the worst will be easier on us both . 
 and if we get good news , then we 'll be dying to get back in bed , anticipation and all that . 
 march thinks i 'm full of shit-that i 'm inventing reasons to push him away . 
 that 's not true . 
 i just do n't want him to suffer like i did when i lost kai . 
 i have to know there 's hope before i let this thing between us go any further . 
 so maybe it 's better this way , better if he hates me . 
 he 's so afraid of losing me that he ca n't see i 'm scared out of my mind , too . 
 i 'm trying to be strong . 
 how can you miss someone who 's right beside you ? 
 i put all that aside as we run a systems check and prepare to depart . 
 i 'm a professional . 
 does n't matter how i feel , or that my stomach flips like a dying fish at the thought of being part of him again . 
 the desire to jump twines painfully with the desire to jump march . 
 this ship vibrates a lot more than the folly . 
 it 's smaller , for one thing . 
 not sure if we possess any weapons at all . 
 if we do n't , dina 'll want to collaborate with jael on it . 
 i have n't had a chance to ask if she made any upgrades while we waited . 
 all told , we spent fourteen days on emry station , but the cavalry has arrived . 
 surge and family will remain on station , but jael 's coming with us . 
 i 'm not sure we need a gunner on a diplomatic mission , but given my track record , it 's not a terrible idea . 
 `` we 'll stop on lachion first , '' march says . 
 `` doc needs to see you , and i need to take care of personal business there , too . '' 
 `` tarn is n't going to like it . '' 
 `` he 'll like it less if you drop dead . '' 
 yeah , he 's back to the old march where i 'm concerned . 
 it hurts to look at him , so i jack in , though we have n't left the station . 
 the cockpit disappears . 
 we 're waiting for clearance . 
 i 've already checked the star charts to translate the distance i need to navigate . 
 they 've disabled the automated docking system until they decide what to do about the morgut threat . 
 i heard them kicking around the idea of having conglomerate ships outfitted with a special device that signals the system it 's safe . 
 such technology can be cracked , though . 
 the other solution is requiring the docking bays be manned twenty-four/seven . 
 either option requires a bigger budget . 
 march gets on the comm , hailing the guys in the office . 
 `` we 're good to go . '' 
 `` roger that . 
 thanks for everything , bernard 's luck . 
 we 'd have lost a lot more lives out here if you had n't happened by . '' 
 i feel the lift as we maneuver out . 
 though i ca n't see , i picture march 's hands on the controls . 
 he 's sure and graceful as he flies . 
 i hear him telling the crew to strap in , so we 'll be making the jump soon . 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 no . 
 but i nod , bracing myself for the moment when the universe unfurls . 
 and then march jacks in beside me . 
 partitioned , of course . 
 he does n't want to share anything with me right now . 
 well , i can do it , too ; i 've learned a lot from him . 
 i wo n't give him a damn thing either . 
 the ship shudders as the phase drive powers up . 
 dina reports all clear just before we make the jump , and then the world flashes out . 
 fucking beautiful . 
 my mind expands to infinite space . 
 grimspace feels like flying , the only place i 'm completely free . 
 i sense the beacons , alluring as innumerable heartbeats thudding in time . 
 somehow there 's harmony in the chaos . 
 for a moment , just a moment , i think i might understand everything , but then it shifts to something else and floats away . 
 i ca n't hold on to anything here , not even my own soul . 
 the sense that everything 's connected on some level i ca n't grasp haunts me . 
 but i 'm not here to suss out the secrets of the universe today . 
 i just need to find the beacon nearest lachion . 
 i 've made this run more than once , so the path comes easy . 
 funny how march and i can do this so coolly , sharing nothing , where we used to be one mind . 
 well . 
 funny , like a needle in the eye . 
 he knows what grimspace looks like , its mad , consuming beauty . 
 few people do if they are n't jumpers themselves . 
 they 've never managed to develop a camera that can reproduce what it sees , the impossible patterns and oscillations found here . 
 i sense the adjustments he makes , guiding the ship in response to my cues . 
 the pulse roars in my ears . 
 we 're here . 
 and then i go blind again while the ship trembles its way back into straight space . 
 no wonder mudsiders think spacers are crazy . 
 anytime we make a long haul , we could be lost forever . 
 over the years , they 've reduced the odds considerably , but freighters still vanish now and then . 
 a gamble at good odds is still a gamble . 
 taking care with my bad hand , i unplug . 
 my head hurts , more than it used to when i left . 
 it sucks a little more of my soul each time . 
 there will come a day when i 'll simply be empty . 
 even if march manages to drag me back again , the next time i cruise too close to burnout-assuming he 'd bother now-i 'm not sure there would be anything left . 
 and i do n't care . 
 beneath the tired aches , serenity flows through me like a river dammed too long . 
 this is a jumper 's lot . 
 i do n't know how the instructors do it . 
 since they want me to teach on lachion , though , i guess i need to figure it out . 
 his voice startles me . 
 i thought we would n't be speaking for a while . 
 `` we 'll be there in a couple of hours . 
 you did well . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 courtesy feels awkward . 
 i want to tell him to go f ** k himself if he ca n't understand what i 'm going through . 
 it 's not all about him . 
 march has abandonment issues , and it 's not my job to soothe them . 
 just now i ca n't muster up the energy . 
 `` your fire 's gone out , '' march says . 
 `` you used to feel like a live wire , jax . '' 
 `` all the more reason for me to step back , '' i tell him with a fraction of my old bite . 
 `` if that was what you loved about me , and i 've lost it , then what 's left ? '' 
 `` you really do n't get it , do you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 march rakes a hand through his dark hair . 
 over the past weeks , his has actually gotten longer where mine has stopped growing entirely . 
 he looks rough and a little menacing with the stubble on his jaw . 
 `` you 're killing me here . 
 you 're asking me to leave you the f ** k alone just when you need me most . 
 how can i do that ? '' 
 `` i 'll make it easy for you . '' 
 i push from the nav chair and duck out of the cockpit . 
 nothing ever hurt like walking away from him . 
 i ca n't accept that i 'm crazy for asking for time , though . 
 why ca n't he understand that i need some chance to be strong again ? 
 i do n't want to lose myself in leaning on him . 
 if i ca n't stand on my own two feet when i need to , then i might as well be dead . 
 suddenly my dad 's plan-the eutha-booth-doesn ' t look half-bad . 
 instead of stopping to chat with the others , i pass straight through the hub and head for my quarters . 
 i have two hours to kill . 
 maybe i 'll dump my problems on 245 and see what she suggests . 
 to my vast annoyance , the ai tells me i have company , almost as soon as i flop down on my bunk . 
 as the door slides open , i growl , `` i thought i told you to leave me alone . '' 
 dina steps back , feigning surprise . 
 `` did you ? 
 i did n't hear for all the bitchy stomping around you 've been doing for the last few weeks . 
 you need to get laid . '' 
 i lie back with a sigh . 
 `` no , i do n't . 
 i need to find out from doc just how bad off i am . '' 
 `` you 're completely f ** ked , '' she says at once , but it 's more of a reflex . 
 `` i brought biscuits and choclaste . 
 i thought we could talk about hot guys . '' 
 that makes me raise up on an elbow . 
 `` you do n't do hot guys . '' 
 `` but you do . 
 we can talk hot chicks if it makes you feel better , '' she offers . 
 `` kora was n't my type , but i liked the doc they sent along from new terra . '' 
 `` i bet you did . '' 
 despite my misery , i eat a cookie . 
 `` wonder who she pissed off to get that assignment . '' 
 `` she punched someone for feeling her up . '' 
 dina grins . 
 i raise a brow . 
 `` and you discovered this while feeling her up ? '' 
 dina shakes her head as she commandeers the chair beside my workstation . 
 `` afterward . '' 
 `` of course . 
 why are you being so nice to me ? '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` someone has to be . 
 you look like a f ** king death 's - head . '' 
 nobody else on the ship knows . 
 since she 's a smart woman , she noticed something 's wrong . 
 but she does n't know what . 
 it might do me good to confide in a human being for a change , one who is n't interested in screwing me . 
 so i do . 
 * * * chapter 24 talking with dina eats up the hours . 
 `` fuck it , '' she says , downing the last biscuit . 
 `` we all die . 
 if doc ca n't sort you out , then go do whatever the hell you like . 
 do n't waste the time you have left . '' 
 `` always thought i 'd go out jumping , you know ? 
 i think i was meant to , earlier . 
 march called me back . '' 
 that spills out before i can stop it . 
 she dips her chin , studies her booted feet for a moment . 
 `` he loves you , mary knows why . 
 i do n't know what you mean to do about it . 
 not my business , really - '' `` but you 're presuming to advise me about het-sex relationships , even though you do n't know the first thing about them ? '' 
 i lick my finger and collect some of the crumbs from the cookie plate . 
 `` it 's the same principle , you stupid twat . 
 you do n't deserve my advice . '' 
 `` probably not , but you ca n't resist . 
 that way , when i ignore it , you can call me an ignorant bitch later , after i 've f ** ked things up beyond all recognition . '' 
 `` at least you 're honest , '' she says with a grin . 
 `` and reasonably self-aware . '' 
 `` it 's a gift . 
 go on then . '' 
 `` be gentle with him . '' 
 dina sits forward , arms crossed on her knees . 
 `` i 've known him a long time , and i do n't want to see him hurt again . '' 
 that makes two of us . 
 the silence builds , charged with things i do n't feel able to articulate . 
 finally , i answer , `` noted . '' 
 it 's not nearly enough . 
 my first clue that we 've arrived comes from the bump that signals planetfall . 
 they 've built a hangar inside the gunnar-dahlgren compound , so the merger must be going well . 
 i ca n't wait to see doc , even lex and keri for that matter . 
 it 's not quite a homecoming . 
 i wo n't feel like that until i return to the glastique garret that did n't have a shower . 
 inexplicable , the places our hearts tie us to . 
 i miss adele . 
 she was like the mother i always wanted , not the one i 've got . 
 `` we should get the hell off this ship , '' dina says then . 
 with a stretch , she pushes to her feet , leaving the dirty dishes for me to worry about . 
 i grin a little over that . 
 i 'd worry if she ever turned up too nice . 
 i might find her laying out my funeral clothes the moment my back was turned . 
 `` yep . 
 the other guys must be wondering at this layover since we 're already behind schedule . '' 
 she pauses at the door . 
 `` let them wonder . '' 
 i have no quarrel with that notion . 
 they do n't need to know about my illness or march 's sense of obligation to the clan . 
 right now i can understand dina 's attraction to other women . 
 i 'm rather fed up with y-chromosome bastards myself . 
 i roll off the bed , and my reflected movement prompts me to look in the glass beside my bunk . 
 what i see startles me . 
 `` need to change first . 
 i look like an inmate ... or a san worker . '' 
 `` clothes wo n't help . '' 
 she 's back to mocking me , which i appreciate , because it means she thinks i 'm strong enough to take it . 
 i think i 'd go back to bed if she became solicitous . 
 `` you need a new head ... or at least a new face . 
 maybe doc 's friend on gehenna can hook you up . '' 
 `` ordo ? '' 
 `` yeah , that 's the one . 
 still , do your best , wo n't you ? 
 spackle on some paint , maybe use the wardrober to manufacture a wig . 
 they 're all queued up to see the ambassador from new terra . '' 
 `` they are not . '' 
 i rummage through my bag , sighing over my meager possessions . 
 impossible to believe-i used to be something of a clotheshorse . 
 back in the day , i loved dolling up in short skirts and long boots , tiny tops that showed more of me than they hid . 
 now i 'm hard-pressed to find something that does n't make me look as though i repair skimmers for a living . 
 `` tarn panicked . 
 he was afraid the ithtorians would take offense to our meandering progress , so he 's ` leaked ' the fact that new terra 's ambassador is wending her way toward them on a goodwill tour . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 we could go on like this all day , i expect , so i choose not to be juvenile . 
 i know ; it stings a bit . 
 `` do i have an itinerary ? '' 
 `` you 'd have to inquire of chancellor tarn . '' 
 `` i 'd rather make it up as i go along . '' 
 i shake my head over the absurdity of the situation . 
 tarn should have replaced me weeks ago , but he wo n't . 
 because of vel , i am indispensable . 
 `` get out , or you 're going to see me nak * d. '' `` i 'm going ! '' 
 she protests , heading out . 
 her final words drift back to me as the door slides shut . 
 `` you 're such a stroppy bitch . '' 
 since march just accused me of having lost my spirit , i certainly like the sound of that . 
 not surprisingly , it takes me a little while to make myself presentable , given the raw material . 
 finally , i unearth a simple black vest and a pair of skinny black and gray thin-striped slacks . 
 i hesitate because the shirt reveals my scars , and then i decide i want it that way . 
 they mean something . 
 that 's why i kept them . 
 in the end i take dina 's suggestion with regard to cosmetics . 
 i paint some color into my complexion and cover up the circles beneath my eyes . 
 i refuse to wear false hair , though . 
 maybe i 'll start a trend for women who fancy wearing theirs a centimeter long but always lacked the nerve before now . 
 when i emerge from quarters , i find jael waiting for me . 
 `` i 'm to be your protection , '' he says without preamble . 
 `` is n't that a laugh ? '' 
 `` from what ? '' 
 `` assassination attempts like the one you did n't report on new terra . 
 you tried to pass that off as a crash . '' 
 it takes me a moment to parse what he means . 
 the skimmer explosion , right . 
 i just wanted off world , did n't want to wait around for another inquiry . 
 `` did they find the cause ? 
 it was n't a mechanical fault ? '' 
 `` yes , and no . 
 scavengers found the parts , but they were confiscated when they tried to fence them . 
 the authorities found the remnants of a primitive incendiary device , assembled from common household items . '' 
 `` so someone definitely tried to murder me . '' 
 i feel oddly numb about that . 
 `` as a direct result of several lengthy communiques that bordered on interrogation by the chancellor , i 'm now responsible for preventing them from succeeding . 
 i 'll warn you , jax . 
 tarn is paying me well , and i intend to take my job seriously . '' 
 `` you 've been keeping him off my back ? '' 
 i admit it ; i 've been shirking my responsibilities . 
 as a nav-star for farwan , i had just one . 
 take my pilot and make my scheduled jumps . 
 that 's all . 
 my life used to include a fair amount of holiday time , and nobody trying to disperse my molecules . 
 different world , different life . 
 jael smiles for the first time , charming when he stops radiating belligerence to compensate for his pretty face . 
 `` done my best . '' 
 `` if i had any creds , i 'd pay you for that myself . 
 unfortunately , i 'm broke as a joke just now . '' 
 his smile becomes a grin . 
 `` you do n't need creds . 
 the conglomerate is picking up your tab , are n't they ? 
 you should charge a bunch of stuff before you lose this gig . '' 
 `` you talk like that 's inevitable . '' 
 what am i saying ? 
 i laugh reluctantly because i see his point . 
 i have a solid record for diplomacy in regard to class-p planets . 
 i know how to impress superstitious natives . 
 the ithtorians ? 
 not so much . 
 i hope vel can save my ass yet again . 
 jael spreads his hands in a defensive gesture . 
 `` i 'm just saying , buy some new clothes , maybe some sparklies . '' 
 tarn 's reaction to my draping myself in diamonds at his expense would be priceless . 
 despite myself , i rather like this merc 's sense of humor . 
 in some ways he reminds me of kai : cheerful , cocky , and irreverent . 
 `` anyway . '' 
 i try to refocus the conversation . 
 `` i enjoyed some peace while we waited on emry , though . 
 i appreciate that . '' 
 `` all part of the job , '' jael tells me easily . 
 `` you look better , less like you 're about to turn toes up . '' 
 `` you 're a smooth talker , are n't you ? '' 
 i do n't mean for the words to come out flirtatious . 
 mary knows , i have enough problems in that regard , and it 's not like he 's interested . 
 he 's just saying i look less like the walking dead , which is a long haul from a true compliment . 
 march clears his throat . 
 from his taut expression , he thinks he 's interrupted something . 
 mary , i 'd like to smack him in the head , but at this point , he 'd probably take it as foreplay . 
 `` let 's get this over with , '' he mutters . 
 he brushes past the two of us without another word , and jael cocks a brow at me . 
 `` trouble in paradise ? '' 
 `` you do n't get to know about my personal life , '' i snap at him . 
 `` just go clear the way or whatever bodyguards do . '' 
 `` darling , '' he drawls . 
 `` soon i 'll know everything about you , including how many times you breathe per minute , and if your heartbeat sounds a smidgen off . '' 
 `` will you know when i ... '' i lean in to whisper the rest . 
 `` that depends . 
 am i in your room at the time ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 nothing i say fazes him , so i stalk past to the main hatch . 
 great , i need another man poking about in my business . 
 like i need to settle down and study rutabagas . 
 * * * chapter 25 lachion has n't changed a bit . 
 then again , why would it ? 
 it has n't been as long as it seems since i was here . 
 the horizon stretches pale and endless beyond the compound walls , bounded by dry plains . 
 this place offers extremes-heat or cold-depending on the season . 
 after discovering the scary things that live in the caves , the clans stayed because lachion meant freedom from the corp. . 
 nobody has ever given a shit about what happens on this planet . 
 despite the new world order , i do n't see that changing anytime soon . 
 to my astonishment , this looks like a formal delegation , not the casual welcoming party i expected . 
 far cry from the last time i touched down here . 
 and is that the gutter press , lined up behind keri and lex ? 
 shit , it is . 
 i recognize the guy with the poorly implanted ocular cam . 
 in the old days , he stalked me through spaceport bars , hoping to get a shot of my tits for the midnight bounce . 
 nice . 
 keri 's smile looks decidedly artificial . 
 `` we 're delighted that you chose lachion to kick off your interplanetary goodwill tour . '' 
 a smile tugs hard at the corners of my mouth , and it 's all i can do not to burst out laughing . 
 `` of course . 
 i 'd love to see a greater level of governmental participation from the clans . '' 
 since freethinkers and outlaws abide here , that will go over like the monkey-pilot experiments from the turn of the century . 
 the clans do n't want to legislate , vote , or pay extra tariffs . 
 for mary 's sake , they settle grievances in the arena . 
 `` we 'll discuss that during your visit , '' she responds through gritted teeth . 
 i suspect keri 's going to kick my ass again , which is sad because she 's just over half my age . 
 the girl is tougher than she looks . 
 as i move forward , a barrage of questions greets me . 
 `` ambassador , can you tell us anything about your plans ? '' 
 `` how do you feel about the proposed integration of ithiss-tor into the conglomerate ? '' 
 `` why is your itinerary shrouded in secrecy ? 
 our sources say you may be targeted for retaliatory action from farwan loyalists or other extremist groups . 
 is there any truth to those claims ? '' 
 `` can you comment on the recent rumors that you detoured en route to thwart a morgut attack on emry station ? '' 
 i ignore them all , trying to move forward while the guy with the bulging eye cam watches me like i 'm about to yank up my shirt right here . 
 in addition to the fact that those days are behind me , it 's also too damn cold . 
 why do n't i ever have a coat when i need one ? 
 march stands somewhere to the right , just behind me , but he wo n't be coming to my aid . 
 yep , just like the last time . 
 i 've lost track of dina , but she 's somewhere behind me , and vel does n't like cameras , as they possess a small chance of ferreting out inconsistencies in his appearance that would id him as nonhuman . 
 jael pushes his way up beside me . 
 `` the ambassador is n't answering questions at this time . 
 clear the way . '' 
 he looks almost friendly as he says it , but there 's a high shine in his pale eyes that says he would n't mind cracking some heads in time for the midnight bounce . 
 as if they sense it as well , the reporters get out of the way . 
 keri leads my entourage along the drive , her own people straggling behind . 
 five of them wear purple arm-bands ; i 'm not exactly sure what that means . 
 when we 've left earshot , she mutters , `` you always bring trouble , do n't you ? '' 
 `` everyone needs a hobby . '' 
 i used to say that to march in regard to thinking about my own death . 
 does that mean i 've made emotional progress ? 
 `` perhaps you 'd consider horticulture . '' 
 outbuildings line the path to the main house , an old-fashioned stone structure . 
 the wire-and-steel security fence crackles , reminding me why it 's there : to keep the monsters out . 
 remembering that endless night where so many people died , i stifle my smart-ass reply . 
 a while back , march liberated me from my cell , after the crash of the sargasso . 
 he saved me from a lifetime of torment and delivered me to lachion , where i was intended to help clan dahlgren start a renegade jump-training academy . 
 unfortunately , their rivals , clan gunnar , wanted to get their hands on me as well . 
 anyone who controlled a supply of jumpers would possess an edge - and on more than just a planetary scale . 
 so they came at us on the ground , forced us to stop . 
 tired of being jerked around , i started a melee between the clans right out in the open , not knowing that blood would draw the teras , awful winged monsters that sweep across the plains like a plague , eating everything in sight . 
 and because of an evolutionary boon , you ca n't see them coming-just hear the sound of their wings . 
 despite my best intentions , i can still hear the gunnar warriors screaming as they were swept away on that hungry tide , an unseen army of claws and talons rushing around me in the dark . 
 i shiver . 
 no more thinking of that . 
 not now . 
 it 's safe here behind the electrical perimeter , and nobody is bleeding . 
 i make myself smile at keri . 
 `` i swear i did n't intend for this to turn into such a-doc ! '' 
 i spot him about thirty meters out and take off at a dead run . 
 part of me had worried i 'd never see him again . 
 what if vel had lied about leaving him in a trunk when he took his place ? 
 that 's how the bounty hunter managed to snag me ; he pretended to be doc . 
 so there 's some truth to the syndicate 's worry that sliders-a human slang term for ithtorians , or bugs , as they 're also called-present a threat to our way of life . 
 but vel did n't lie . 
 there doc stands , solid and sturdy , still wearing his salt-and-pepper goatee , and his hair shorn close to his skull . 
 come to that , we have the same haircut now . 
 he breaks into a broad smile and meets me halfway . 
 his hug practically pulverizes my ribs , but i do n't care . 
 my eyes sting . 
 doc was the first one to treat me like i was n't dangerous or criminally insane , responsible for the lost lives on the sargasso . 
 i 'll never forget him for that . 
 `` i missed you , '' i say shakily . 
 this probably is n't ambassadorial behavior , but i do n't give a shit . 
 `` you 're really all right ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , jax . 
 good to see you , too . 
 er , you can let go now . '' 
 yep , it 's definitely doc . 
 i expect him to comment on my fragile appearance , but he has more tact than that . 
 i 've been surrounded by the likes of march , dina , and jael too long . 
 my bodyguard says , `` they 'll have you on the news , speculating about an illicit affair with him , by morning . 
 possible impropriety by the new terran ambassador ? '' 
 he intones , just like one of the talking heads . 
 `` please . 
 nobody cares . '' 
 but i step back nonetheless . 
 doc scans all our faces and seems to focus on vel . 
 `` you . 
 i believe you mistook me for luggage on our last meeting . '' 
 since vel looks like everyone and no one , it 's a logical leap , and doc excels in that area . 
 i ca n't imagine what he makes of the situation we currently find ourselves in . 
 hopefully , he 'll be able to help me . 
 i ca n't think too long about the possibilities otherwise . 
 `` sorry about that . '' 
 i must say , vel does n't look sorry . 
 `` farwan supplied me with erroneous information . '' 
 for a long , tense moment , i think cool , calm pacifist doc might sock the bounty hunter in the nose . 
 then he says , `` i suppose everyone makes mistakes . 
 let 's go inside , shall we ? '' 
 the gutter press follows at a discreet distance , filming the whole time . 
 i 'd suggest feeding them to the teras , but that might strike a sore spot with keri . 
 i 've already hurt the poor girl enough . 
 march throws brooding looks over his shoulder now and then . 
 i bet he 'd like to pound them on principle . 
 mary , i do n't know what to do about that . 
 i know i 'm hurting him . 
 and i want him ; i miss him . 
 but i ca n't let myself need him , not because i 'm physically incapacitated . 
 and if he does n't understand that , then he does n't know me at all . 
 just from this short walk , my fingertips have gone numb , the icy wind ripping right through me . 
 when i picked out the vest , i forgot it was still winter here . 
 time is fluid , so the moments where everything feels perfect pass in a wink , and those where you 're on your knees in despair drag on like the death of a thousand cuts . 
 as if he notices my discomfort , jael presses up against my right side in a manner that 's destined to provoke march in the worst way . 
 the merc can be such an a ** hole-he 's just doing it for the entertainment value . 
 i pretend i do n't notice either of them . 
 fucking men . 
 we pass into the warmth of the house and shut ourselves away from prying eyes . 
 i hope . 
 i muster a smile , even though i 'm already tired as hell . 
 yeah , just from that short hike . 
 could n't have been more than half a kilometer . 
 keri 's home is lovely as ever , with all the elegance that surprised me the first time i visited . 
 the place possesses the old-world charm of handcrafted moldings , shimmering marble tiles , and carpets so thick i 'm afraid to walk on them . 
 they 've redone the foyer since i was here last , though : red and black now , a little more foreboding than the chilly silver and white elegance her grandmother had favored . 
 the tiles form a pattern i ca n't identify , though i 've seen it somewhere before . 
 i stare down , absently rubbing my hands up and down my biceps . 
 up the stairs , she offers capacious guest suites , and hallways lead in either direction . 
 an enormous silver-gilt mirror with acid-etched leaves dominates the far wall , offering distorted hints of the people standing in the foyer . 
 i ca n't help but shiver , as if we 've been granted a glimpse into the afterlife , nothing but vague shapes and shadows . 
 `` looks beautiful , '' march says . 
 `` it 's completely you , keri . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 her cheeks pink with delicate color as she turns toward him . 
 just like that , she forgets me . 
 i 'd also forgotten the huge , unrequited crush she had on march the last time we stopped here . 
 the little darling-she 's all of nineteen , fights like a chi master , and had started to learn advanced feats before her grandmother passed away . 
 on top of all that , at her age , she acts as joint chieftain to her clan . 
 keri has smooth skin , a sylph 's shape , a spill of night-dark hair , and eyes that gleam like pale jade . 
 and by march 's smiles , he 's noticing for the first time how lovely his mentor 's granddaughter has grown to be . 
 i f ** king hate the bitch . 
 * * * chapter 26 `` where 's lex ? '' 
 that 's one question sure to snap keri out of the march-induced daze she currently enjoys . 
 lex is the big lug she 's supposed to marry as part of the clan merger . 
 to say she hates him would be an understatement . 
 she spears me with an icy stare and bares her teeth in what would be considered a hostile act on some worlds . 
 `` war council . 
 you came at a bad time , jax . '' 
 what else is new ? 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 march asks . 
 i recognize his solicitous tone and barely manage to keep from rolling my eyes . 
 he thinks keri is delicate and needs his protection . 
 i 'm sure he feels some obligation as well , given that keri 's grandmother took him in when his gift had ravaged him and taught him to be human again . 
 and keri is all that his mentor left behind . 
 i guess he does n't know that keri whipped my ass without breaking a sweat . 
 beside me , jael sizes up keri 's men , as if he suspects any situation i 'm involved in could turn ugly on a moment 's notice . 
 i did n't realize he knew me that well . 
 `` it 's bad . 
 i 'll tell you about it on the way . 
 i 'm sure lex will want to see you . '' 
 with a definite proprietary air , she takes hold of his arm . 
 `` saul , '' she adds over her shoulder to doc . 
 `` can you get everyone else settled for me ? 
 thanks . '' 
 her honor guard , or whatever the hell they are , spins as a unit and follows her down the left hallway . 
 none of them said a single word from the time we met her outside the ship , until now . 
 fucking creepy . 
 `` they move like military , '' jael murmurs . 
 `` well trained , too . 
 i wonder what 's happening on this backwater world . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` hard to say . 
 they 're always fighting over something here . 
 i think it cuts down on boredom . '' 
 doc favors me with a piercing look . 
 `` do n't be flip , jax . 
 when two clans join , it 's time to strike . 
 it 's well-known here , both clans are weak , or they would n't need a merger . 
 waiting until things are stable does n't make good tactical sense . '' 
 `` what 's the point , though ? '' 
 jael asks . 
 `` from what i saw , the whole planet is pretty bare . 
 what the hell is there worth fighting over ? '' 
 `` gunnar-dahlgren controls the magnesium mines on planet , '' doc answers briefly . 
 `` i probably do n't need to outline all the goods that encompasses . '' 
 in my case , he does . 
 but jael nods , ticking them off his fingertips . 
 `` flash grenades , imaging technology , pyrotechnics for festivals , certain metal alloys , which translates to machinery that needs to be strong and lightweight - '' `` it 's used in some medicines as well , '' doc says with a nod . 
 `` and if we ca n't defend the mines , they 'll wipe us out . '' 
 us ? 
 i did n't realize doc was from lachion . 
 based on his friendship with ordo carvati on gehenna , i would 've guessed he came from the outskirts somewhere . 
 i sigh . 
 `` i did n't understand what i 'd done the last time i was here . '' 
 not really , anyway . 
 i did n't have anything like the big picture , even when we left . 
 keri has been fighting her own uphill battle ever since we left . 
 and by the look of things , it 's not getting any easier . 
 `` when do you ever know what you 're doing , jax ? '' 
 dina grins at me . 
 ignoring that , doc tries to herd us toward the stairs . 
 `` you can pick out the rooms you like best . 
 perhaps you 'd like the one you occupied last time , jax ? '' 
 yeah , i like the blue room , very serene , and it has handmade rugs so soft i sink into them . 
 `` sure , that sounds fine . '' 
 at this point , i notice that vel has disappeared . 
 i wonder if he has camo that i do n't know about because he has a habit of doing that : there one minute and gone the next . 
 he can take care of himself , though . 
 `` i do n't care . 
 assign me whatever . '' 
 dina sighs . 
 `` if i can find parts and mod kits , i 'm heading back to the ship . 
 i have work to do . '' 
 jael surprises me-and evidently dina as well , judging by her expression-by asking , `` need help ? '' 
 she narrows her eyes on him for a long moment before shrugging . 
 `` the ship needs a lot of upgrades . 
 so if you know how to handle your tools , i wo n't say no to an extra hand . '' 
 the merc risks his life by draping an arm about her shoulders . 
 `` darling , i 'm expert with my hands . '' 
 she shocks me when she does n't immediately drive her elbow into his stomach . 
 i ca n't believe he still flirts with her , even knowing he has no shot . 
 maybe he suffers from a chronic disorder . 
 i expected he 'd stick to me like glue after the lecture he just gave me , but i 'm glad to get rid of him . 
 as they go back out into the cold , i hear her reply , `` your own opinion does n't count , dumb-ass . '' 
 that just leaves doc and me . 
 to avoid the questions in his very kind eyes , i head up the stairs . 
 i should have known that would n't matter . 
 `` what 's wrong , jax ? '' 
 i pause on the fourth step , but do n't turn . 
 `` i was hoping you could tell me . 
 that 's part of why we 're here . 
 tarn cooked up this other nonsense . '' 
 `` i deduced as much , '' he tells me . 
 without looking at him , i confide the droid 's diagnosis . 
 i expect him to laugh or tell me it 's ridiculous . 
 instead i receive silence that lasts until i wheel and gaze down at him . 
 he looks troubled . 
 `` i wish i could say i 'm surprised , but i found a number of anomalies in your test results that puzzled me . 
 if my hypothesis holds true , then this would explain everything . 
 let 's get you to the lab then . '' 
 doc tilts his head toward the right corridor , opposite from the way march went with keri . 
 hypothesis ? 
 this is my life , not a science project . 
 i like doc , but sometimes i think he does n't realize that i 'm more than an `` interesting specimen . '' 
 he 's the only one i trust to help me , though , so i have to accept his bedside manner . 
 i come down again and fall into step with him . 
 as i recall , the house is laid out in wings . 
 we move off toward his research facility , but before we 've gone ten paces , the lights flicker , as if somewhere , someone has drawn an absurd amount of power . 
 doc breaks into a run . 
 `` hurry , jax . 
 we do n't have much time . '' 
 `` before what ? '' 
 he does n't pause to answer . 
 i trot behind him nonetheless because doc is n't one to manufacture crises . 
 we 've just reached the door to his lab , which is oddly-and ominously-made of reinforced metal , when i hear screaming . 
 `` doc ? '' 
 `` get inside . 
 now . '' 
 i do , and he seals the door . 
 `` you want to tell me what 's going on here ? '' 
 `` teras , '' he says briefly . 
 just the word alone sends a cold shock through me : hideous subterranean creatures you ca n't see coming . 
 just hear the rush of their wings through endless night . 
 and once the dying starts ... with some effort , i shake myself out of it . 
 i rub my hands together , trying to warm them . 
 we survived them once , and we 're safe inside this time . 
 it should be fine . 
 `` what about them ? '' 
 `` i have n't deduced how , but clan mccullough has figured out a way to train ... '' he pauses , listening to the distant sounds of combat , cries of rage and pain . 
 `` well , if not train , then use the teras . 
 they seem to strike on command now . 
 it 's not safe to leave the compound . 
 they hit us at all hours , no rhyme or reason to it . '' 
 `` does n't the shock field help ? '' 
 i remember the way they fried the monsters . 
 the smell the next morning nearly did me in . 
 `` we ca n't keep it up all the time , '' he says tiredly . 
 `` not enough juice . 
 we run on solar panels and wind turbines , mostly the latter during the winter . 
 gunnar-dahlgren is officially at war , jax . 
 clan mccullough wants everything we have , and with the teras on their side , they think they 've figured out a way to get it . '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` i 'm not sure they 're wrong . '' 
 no wonder keri said i came at a bad time . 
 `` i guess jump research is n't at your top priority at the moment . '' 
 he manages a wan smile . 
 `` no , they 've got me trying to sort out why the teras are attacking like this instead of their usual feeding patterns . 
 we 're weakening by the day , and i do n't think the mcculloughs have lost a single man . '' 
 how do you fight when you ca n't see your enemies ? 
 it would take bioengineered poisons or type-three battle droids to clean this planet out . 
 i have no idea how the loss of the teras would impact the planetary ecosystems either . 
 `` do you have the resources to build battle droids with heat imaging ? '' 
 lame , i know . 
 i remember the way the teras dismantled the rover . 
 could they find their way into the main house as easily ? 
 are there weak spots ? 
 doc shakes his head . 
 `` that 's not the way things were done here . 
 the mccullough has changed everything . 
 he does n't risk his own men or his own life for a hostile takeover . 
 instead he 's killing us by centimeters . '' 
 again , i find myself cowering while others take the risks on my behalf . 
 that stings like nothing ever has . 
 no . 
 i wo n't do this . 
 not again . 
 march is out there . 
 jael . 
 dina . 
 march . 
 i have to help them . 
 i stride over to the door , tap on the panel . 
 `` if it 's that bad , i should go see what i can do . '' 
 `` you ca n't get out , '' doc tells me . 
 `` the doors are sealed until the attack ends . 
 and i 'm not going to release you when you 're clearly ill . '' 
 bastard . 
 is he trying to make me feel useless ? 
 my hands curl into fists , but who am i going to hit ? 
 doc ? 
 he wo n't fight back . 
 nothing like impotent anger to make you feel ineffectual . 
 `` fine , '' i bite out . 
 `` if i 'd known , i would n't have come in here with you , though . 
 i ca n't believe you tricked me into hiding out . '' 
 again . 
 i hate this . 
 i 've got to find some way out of here , or i 'll never be able to live with myself . 
 i ca n't devolve back into the selfish bitch who does n't care whose ass is on the line so long as it is n't her own . 
 i wo n't let fear become my mistress . 
 `` i know , '' he says gently . 
 `` that 's why i did n't tell you . 
 try to ignore the noise . 
 it 'll be over soon . 
 they never stay long ; not sure why that is either . 
 if i can put the pieces together , we might have a chance , even weakened as we are . 
 at any rate , let 's get started on your tests . '' 
 `` then cure me . 
 or kill me . 
 because i ca n't live like this . '' 
 * * * chapter 27 soon as doc looks away , l lunge toward the emergency override panel . 
 unfortunately , i 'm not as fast or agile as i used to be , and he wheels round to catch my wrist . 
 he radiates frustration , but before he can yell at me , a boom sounds . 
 the whole house shakes . 
 i hit the floor , expecting the roof to come down on me . 
 `` i did n't know lachion was prone to quakes . '' 
 `` it 's not , '' doc says grimly . 
 `` they 're bombarding us . '' 
 i 'm not even sure what that means . 
 for a moment , i envision clan mccullough dropping giant rocks on us . 
 `` they 're what ? '' 
 on his hands and knees beneath the exam table with me , he looks as though he 's considering one of his university-style explanations . 
 then he shakes his head . 
 `` this is a hostile takeover , jax . 
 welcome to stage two . '' 
 shit . 
 we did come at a bad time . 
 between teras who attack on command and the mccullough war machines , things do n't look good . 
 oh , mary , i might never see march again . 
 dread threatens to close off my throat . 
 it ca n't end here , before i can make him understand . 
 `` i guess we were lucky to land before they struck . '' 
 he stays low , duckwalking toward the back of the lab . 
 `` i suspect your arrival prompted them to step up the attack . 
 they ca n't take the chance the ship carried reinforcements , or that the conglomerate means to interfere with local politics . 
 you 're not just jax anymore , ambassador . 
 not that you were ever ` just ' anything . '' 
 he ca n't be serious . 
 i did this by showing up ? 
 i am the f ** king butterfly , causing ripples everywhere i go . 
 `` it 's a tiny little cutter , '' i protest , crawling after him . 
 wherever he 's going , i 'm headed there , too . 
 we weave around a tall metal cylinder that quivers like it wants to crush my spine . 
 `` what the hell could we possibly haul ? 
 and it 's not like we could 've carried many mercs in it . '' 
 `` a fair number of threshers would fit into the cargo hold , '' he answers over his shoulder . 
 the mcculloughs hit us again , and this time , the walls tremble . 
 dust spills from the ceiling , powdering my head . 
 not far away , something collapses . 
 mary curse it , i hope doc has a plan . 
 `` i would 've brought threshers , '' i say , `` if i 'd known you were at war . '' 
 made by veratech , threshers represent the gold standard in killing machines for terrestrial combat . 
 i could n't have afforded them , but he does n't need to know that . 
 let my financial embarrassment die with me . 
 `` keri tried to tell you . 
 did n't her message go through ? '' 
 i remember the way it hissed and cut out . 
 `` not all of it . 
 not the crucial bit . 
 we thought there might 've been a problem with the bounce-relay . 
 it 's never stable here . '' 
 the freedom of a backwater planet also comes with a certain amount of technological disadvantage . 
 there 's no grid in place , no warning system for natural disasters , and no help forthcoming if people get in trouble . 
 to the folks who live here , that 's a plus . 
 advance teams told farwan that lachion offered nothing special in the way of natural resources , no money to be made via exploitation , so they packed up and left the place to the settlers . 
 that 's why the corp called this place a frontier world and paid them no mind . 
 so for the last fifty turns , the clans have policed themselves and made it up as they went along . 
 another hit sends me sprawling . 
 as he rights me in a casual motion , i note the pack slung across his shoulder . 
 doc pushes a heavy piece of equipment over to the side with the sheer physical strength that never ceases to amaze me . 
 head down , he looks like a short , squat ox . 
 `` plan b , '' he says . 
 that happens to be a small escape hatch built into the floor . 
 the house will come down around our ears if we do n't get a move on . 
 even so , i hesitate to skin down the ladder after him , gazing into a vertical shaft that measures less than a meter . 
 he descends carefully to accommodate his shoulders . 
 soon he disappears from sight . 
 a cold sweat breaks out over me , but i do n't make the leap onto the skinny little ladder until another boom threatens to collapse the ceiling on me . 
 `` close it ! '' 
 doc shouts , an echo inflating his voice . 
 i yank on the short chain to seal us off from the surface world . 
 the light vanishes . 
 my hands feel slippery on the rungs , and i can taste the dark , thick as rancid meat grease . 
 down one step . 
 i can do this . 
 the shaft shudders . 
 overhead , huge chunks of rubble slam against the trapdoor . 
 if i had n't moved , i 'd be crushed up there , along with all of doc 's expensive equipment . 
 we 're buried alive . 
 pure terror paralyzes me . 
 they 're going to find my bones on this ladder , twenty turns from now . 
 trembling , i remember the sargasso , how i felt while buried in the wreckage . 
 why is n't march here ? 
 he promised , damn him . 
 he said i 'll always come for you . 
 that probably does n't hold true anymore , though . 
 if it ever did . 
 what a dickhead . 
 why could n't he understand i just needed some time ? 
 anger , even the manufactured variety , lends me some strength , but it 's not quite enough . 
 i ca n't make myself move . 
 `` jax ? '' 
 i ca n't see him , but i hear sympathy and understanding in his voice . 
 `` one step at a time . 
 closing your eyes might help . 
 forget about the dark . '' 
 how embarrassing . 
 he knows . 
 sirantha jax , afraid of the dark . 
 nonetheless , i take his advice and squeeze my eyelids shut . 
 feel my way down . 
 somewhere along the way , i miss a rung , but i do n't fall far . 
 solid as a brick wall , doc 's placed to catch me . 
 i think he could hold a baby elephant . 
 he holds me for a moment , effortlessly , while we listen to the sky falling above us . 
 i 'm sure it 's just my imagination , but i swear i can hear the rustle of wings . 
 `` is this a good idea ? 
 i mean , do n't the teras live underground ? '' 
 `` clan dahlgren dug the bunkers , '' he assures me . 
 `` and secured them . 
 they do n't connect to the natural caverns where the teras make their home . '' 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 i remember what he said about magnesium mines . 
 you could n't pay me enough to work down there . 
 or maybe it 's all automated , like some of the moon mining facilities , just a skeleton crew to oversee and repair the droids . 
 doc sets me on my own feet and cracks a torch-tube . 
 i 've never been so glad to see chemicals mixing . 
 soon the ambient light bathes our faces in a sickly yellow-green glow . 
 `` i 'm afraid your tests will have to wait . '' 
 really ? 
 i thought you 'd produce a pocket lab and cure me this minute . 
 somehow i manage not to snap at him . 
 he 's the only thing standing between me and madness down here . 
 `` yeah , i gathered that . 
 where do these tunnels lead ? '' 
 `` to the main bunker . 
 it 's a honeycomb , and unless you know the way , you could wander for days and never find the way in . '' 
 `` i guess that 's the idea . '' 
 i fall behind him , keeping one hand on his shoulder . 
 i do n't care if he thinks i 'm touchy-feely , overly familiar , or just scared shitless . 
 the latter is true , and he 's seen me melt down before . 
 `` exactly . 
 this is our final fallback . 
 they can reduce the compound to rubble , but they 'll never find us . '' 
 he sounds so calm at the prospect of living for an undisclosed period of time below ground . 
 the very idea makes me sweat . 
 i can smell my fear , sour and sickly . 
 my fingers trail along the sides of the tunnel as we move , puffs of powder drifting into the wan light . 
 i fall quiet , listening to our footsteps scrape over the dry stone . 
 time slows , becomes impossible to measure . 
 just doc and me , surrounded by an island of night . 
 i want to hide my face against his broad back . 
 instead i walk on , trying to think of this as a test . 
 if i come out of it unscathed , i 'll be stronger . 
 at least there are no morgut down here . 
 i do n't know how long we 've been walking , but my throat aches . 
 so i tug on his pack . 
 `` do you have any water ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 i should 've offered . 
 let 's rest a moment . '' 
 there is n't room for us to relax , but i sink down onto the tunnel floor and take a long drink from the lukewarm water in his flask . 
 he probably has paste , too , but i ca n't face the thought of it , not yet . 
 i 'm simply not hungry enough . 
 if i was paying jael , i would so fire him for leaving me with a pacifist to protect me . 
 i hope he 's all right . 
 dina and vel , too . 
 i ca n't think about march . 
 my stomach wants to tie itself in knots over him , and i have to stay calm . 
 it 'd be far too easy to lose myself in the dark . 
 i squeeze my eyes shut to combat the panic boiling up in my throat . 
 steel bands tighten around my rib cage , making it hard to breathe . 
 i swear the walls are getting closer together . 
 `` easy , jax . '' 
 doc tugs me to my feet . 
 `` we need to keep moving . '' 
 so we do . 
 more trudging . 
 i 'm just about to ask for a packet of that disgusting paste when the torch-tube flickers . 
 hope to mary he has a replacement . 
 i ca n't walk in the dark . 
 as it is , i 'm barely hanging on . 
 the solid rock above me registers as a tangible , menacing presence . 
 our tomb . 
 we come up against a dead end . 
 shit . 
 doc does n't know this honeycomb as well as he thought he did . 
 we 're lost . 
 i ca n't take this . 
 i need the open sky . 
 need to see the stars and feel the wind on my face . 
 i need to jump . 
 this is n't where i 'm supposed to die . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 i ask finally . 
 `` we ca n't stay holed up forever . '' 
 `` guerilla war , '' he tells me . 
 `` the monsters ca n't serve the mcculloughs in here , nor will their killing machines . 
 so they 'll come looking eventually . 
 they ca n't claim clan assets as long as either chieftain lives . 
 when they make that mistake , we 'll kill them , one by one . 
 keri 's trained her men for tunnel fighting . '' 
 `` wo n't they just starve you out ? '' 
 in answer , he depresses a hidden button in the wall and the door to another world swings open . 
 * * * chapter 28 there 's an entire city hidden here . 
 well , on second glance , it 's more of a scavenged , retrofitted , grungy underground settlement . 
 the survivors have pitched tents and set up chemical heaters . 
 here and there , i see salvaged ship parts doing double duty as furniture . 
 a couple of dirty-faced kids bounce on a broken nav chair . 
 they pause as we pass by , whispering . 
 then one of them calls , `` doc ! 
 the dahlgren 's looking for you . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` i 'll find her . 
 thanks . '' 
 i 'll never get used to the way her clan refers to keri . 
 my breath comes easier as i register a ceiling so high i ca n't even see it . 
 i 'll never take the open sky for granted again , though . 
 ambient noise gives the space a low roar , part people , part machinery , and the air smells faintly of spices , like someone is cooking . 
 the kids giggle and whisper a little more , and then : `` so is rose ! '' 
 `` she 's alive ? '' 
 he breathes . 
 `` she made it ! 
 where ? '' 
 they point . 
 to my surprise , doc alters course , practicallyrunning . 
 march better be down here somewhere , or i 'll never forgive him . 
 or myself . 
 i 'm not psi , so this is probably pointless , but i build his face in my mind 's eye , feature by feature , and focus on him . 
 all my fear , yearning , and need , i bundle up and send outward , hoping he 'll sense it . 
 silence answers me . 
 shoulders slumped , i follow doc through the throng . 
 everyone looks tired , worn . 
 in the far corner , they 've set up an infirmary , rows of bodies on blankets . 
 blood . 
 the tang of antiseptic . 
 it 's all so astonishingly primitive that i ca n't believe people choose to live like this . 
 but folks do crazy things in the name of freedom . 
 naturally , doc heads straight over . 
 two dahlgrens are trying to patch up the wounded , administer treatments and medicine . 
 a weary-looking woman with a sweet face , capped by red-and-silver-streaked hair , greets him with a kiss . 
 not a polite one either . 
 she melts against him in a way that makes me look away , a private moment flaunted . 
 i guess i know now what keeps him on lachion . 
 `` this is rose , '' doc says , drawing my eyes back . 
 i manage a smile . 
 `` nice to meet you . '' 
 `` likewise . '' 
 her tone is cool , and i sense she wants to be rid of me . 
 doc adds , `` she could use my help here , but i 'm sure you want to find the rest of the crew as soon as possible . '' 
 nodding , i leave my fear unspoken . 
 `` thanks for seeing me through the tunnel . '' 
 i part from him there and thread my way through the camp , searching through the smoky , intermittent light . 
 in here it feels like perpetual twilight , faces emerging out of the shadows to peer at me , startled and curious . 
 all strangers , all clansmen . 
 i find vel first . 
 he sits apart from everyone else , of course , watching them eat . 
 i hurry toward him , remembering not to hug just before i grab him . 
 that leaves me standing there , not knowing what to do with my hands . 
 he gets to his feet in a motion that does n't entirely ring true as human , now that i know what to look for . 
 to my surprise , he does the hugging , awkward and tentative , like a dance step he is n't sure he 's mastered . 
 and he does n't have it quite right either . 
 his hands cup the back of my head , smoothing my shorn hair as if i 'm a baby bird with ruffled feathers . 
 it 's oddly comforting . 
 even though i know what he is under the skin , it does n't matter . 
 in fact , i register awe at his versatility ; the ability to assimilate new customs seems enviable . 
 `` our situation is less than ideal , '' he says , when i finally step back . 
 i have to smile . 
 typical velith statement . 
 he probably thought it a `` trifle inconvenient '' when we were holed up in a cave on the teresengi basin . 
 `` you can say that again . '' 
 he cocks his head at me . 
 `` why ? '' 
 right , he tends to be literal . 
 `` never mind . 
 have you seen the others ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i made one sweep before settling here . 
 are you hungry ? '' 
 i am , actually . 
 `` is it real food ? '' 
 `` s-meat with potatoes and peppers , '' he answers . 
 `` you 'll want to eat something . 
 they 're closing up in a few minutes . '' 
 that decides the matter . 
 i take a bowl and get in line behind the other stragglers . 
 short and gristly , the woman scraping food from the grill looks a little like keri 's grandmother , the clan matriarch who sacrificed herself for us . 
 she narrows her eyes on me . 
 `` in case you do n't know how this works , '' she snaps at me , `` that bowl is yours now , ambassador . '' 
 her tone gains an ugly stress . 
 `` keep up with it , and keep it clean , or you do n't eat . 
 you 're just like everyone else down here . '' 
 for mary 's sake . 
 i 'm steaming by the time i rejoin vel in the far corner . 
 they act like i 've put on airs and demanded all kinds of special treatment when in fact we 'd barely landed before all hell broke loose . 
 as i sit , i realize i have no utensils , so i take a quick look around to see what everyone else is doing . 
 they use their fingers to scoop the food into their mouths , which seems basic enough . 
 it 's messy , but practical . 
 `` what was it like out there , vel ? '' 
 i have to know . 
 my imagination will create a thousand terrible scenarios to torment me otherwise . 
 `` i was in the lab with doc . '' 
 he steeples his hands in a familiar gesture that tells me he 's thinking the question over . 
 `` bad , '' he says finally . 
 `` those creatures swarm , as if from a hive mind . 
 when the bombardment started , i thought the buildings would break wide open and the beasts would devour us . 
 i am more than a little amazed to be alive . '' 
 his stark , quiet tone makes it worse somehow . 
 a shudder runs through me . 
 i do n't ask anything more , not while i 'm eating . 
 i 'm not sure i can hear more , not until i know whether we all made it . 
 when i finish , i watch the others scrape their bowls clean with dry granules , but i do n't have any . 
 i hate being unprepared . 
 vel tips some into my bowl wordlessly , and i smile my thanks . 
 got ta love his bounty-hunter travel pack . 
 i should get one . 
 i feel a little better now , slightly stronger . 
 `` i 'm going to look for the rest of the crew . 
 they must be around here somewhere . '' 
 the alternative is unthinkable . 
 he regards me for a moment with an inscrutable expression . 
 `` have you applied for a place to sleep ? '' 
 `` what ? 
 no . 
 do i need to talk to someone about that ? '' 
 leaning around me , he points to another line fifty meters away . 
 `` lex is handling that . '' 
 i ca n't miss him . 
 lex is a mountain of a man with big , rough features ; he also happens to be keri 's co-chieftain . 
 if she ever gets over hating him , they 'll wed to seal the deal . 
 she does n't seem likely to do that anytime soon with march on scene . 
 `` have you already arranged for ... accommodation ? '' 
 a kind euphemism for the shantytown we have going down here . 
 vel pats his pack . 
 `` i have everything i need . '' 
 well , of course he does . 
 `` you want to come with me ? '' 
 `` it seems pointless to waste energy moving about when that might make it more difficult for the others to find me . '' 
 that makes sense , but i do n't know if i can sit and wait . 
 patience is n't one of my well-developed virtues . 
 `` vel ... is there room with you ? 
 if i ask lex , i 'll end up sharing space with the clansmen . '' 
 if what doc said is true , the mcculloughs went full throttle because they were afraid i was intervening on the side of gunnar-dahlgren , bringing supplies or reinforcements . 
 i do n't want to guilt him , though , so i leave the crucial part unspoken : and they are n't too happy with me right now . 
 since it was just a personal visit , serving a dual purpose , and i did n't bring anything but trouble , it 's safe to say gunnar-dahlgren wishes me to perdition . 
 but i needed to make sure tarn told me the truth , and i was n't abandoning my obligations to keri . 
 i had to make sure i was n't forsaking people who helped me out of a jam . 
 and on a personal level , i needed doc to check me out . 
 i just do n't trust anyone else . 
 if i 'd known stopping would prove so disastrous , you can bet i would 've gone another way . 
 but hindsight is twenty-twenty . 
 the silence grows awkward . 
 i toy with the idea of reminding him he 's supposed to watch my back , and he owes me for sticking by him on emry , but i do n't say another word . 
 i figure he knows those things already . 
 no clue what thoughts run behind his eyes , but the silence starts to make me uncomfortable . 
 maybe he 's not used to such ... intimacy ? 
 i ca n't imagine that he is , given his race and what he does for a living . 
 i 'll say it 's that , and nothing personal . 
 mary knows , enough people hate me as it is . 
 `` you can stay with me , '' he says finally . 
 `` are you still going to look around ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` if i see '' - he pauses - `` anyone , i 'll tell them where to find you . '' 
 his hesitation tells me he 's worried about march . 
 that makes two of us . 
 i 'm none too eager for my own company , considering that everyone blames me for the increased furor of the mccullough attack . 
 it feels like the hate jax backlash that followed the crash of the sargasso-only this time , it really is my fault . 
 nothing i did on purpose , but bad mojo follows me just the same . 
 with a wave , i set off into the crowd . 
 i have people to find , or i 'll die trying . 
 * * * chapter 29 the place is bigger than it looks . 
 concealed rooms branch off from the main bunker , offering an illusion of privacy . 
 from the looks i receive , i 'm not welcome either . 
 so i slide back out like a shadow , weaving between the tents . 
 i want to scream . 
 my stomach has tied itself into knots , worrying about the man - who steps out of a large tent , right behind keri . 
 he 's blood-spattered , wounded , and filthy , but more or less whole . 
 as march turns , the whole world slows , receding into the background . 
 i see his lips move , mouthing my name , even as he pushes past the people between us . 
 not walking . 
 running . 
 i 'm afraid to smile , but i meet him halfway . 
 he wraps me so tight in his arms that it hurts , but i do n't complain . 
 not when i can feel his heart beating against mine . 
 he spins me in his arms as if i weigh nothing . 
 `` jax , '' he whispers . 
 with shaking fingers , i touch the pale bandage at his temple . 
 it looks like he 'll have another scar for the collection.in turn he brushes rough fingertips across my cheek . 
 i 'm surprised to see them come away wet . 
 i have no words . 
 for now it does n't matter how complicated things have become between us . 
 it only matters that he 's here . 
 his breath hitches . 
 all around us , people enjoy their own tearful reunions , paying us no mind . 
 the same ca n't be said for keri , whose angry gaze bores into my back . 
 she has another reason to hate me , among so many others . 
 `` they 're waiting for us in tactical , '' she tells him , gesturing at one of those semiprivate alcoves . 
 i ca n't imagine what strategy will get gunnar-dahlgren out of this mess , but the clans never give up . 
 i admire that . 
 to my surprise he does n't let go . 
 `` do this one without me . '' 
 he gives her no opportunity to argue . 
 i intended to look for jael and dina as well , but he swings me into his arms and carries me toward one of the larger tents . 
 if i was n't so damn happy to see him , i 'd probably struggle . 
 as it is , i lay my head on his shoulder and close my eyes for a moment . 
 he smells of smoke and unseen battles . 
 march ducks a little to get inside , sets me on my own two feet , and then seals the flap after us . 
 it 's dim within , a plain canvas shelter that underlines the gravity of our situation . 
 i 've been in a lot of messes in my day-at this point it 's sort of my specialty-but i do believe this one frosts them all . 
 `` you made it . '' 
 he sounds hoarse . 
 i imagine him shouting orders until his voice gave out , helping organize the retreat . 
 march knows about killing . 
 i have only a passing acquaintance with that side of him . 
 `` i have doc to thank for that . 
 i never would 've made it through those tunnels without him . 
 i wanted to run out and look for you . '' 
 with a long sigh , i drop onto the sleep mat he 's unrolled . 
 he smiles . 
 in the faint light , his face looks even rougher than usual , all harsh planes and angles . 
 his eyes glitter like uncut amber , pure cognac gold . 
 `` of course you did . 
 i 'm so f ** king tired , jax . '' 
 `` so sleep . '' 
 okay , so that 's not how i imagined this would go , but i do n't want to fight with him anymore . 
 `` i have n't been alone with you in weeks , '' he says . 
 `` do you really think i 'm going to doze off ? 
 i can actually see your heart beating ... '' as he collapses beside me , he touches the base of my throat . 
 `` sometimes i forget - '' `` what ? '' 
 i tilt my head back , registering a pleasurable shock . 
 how fragile you are . 
 when he fills my mind in a hot rush , i realize how lonely i 've been . 
 how much i 've missed him . 
 i do n't even take umbrage at being called fragile . 
 right now i am , physically , and there 's no value in denying the obvious . 
 but that reminds me . 
 `` why did n't you ... make contact ? 
 let me know you were alive ? '' 
 he pulls me back into his arms as if he 's loath to lose hold of me even for a minute . 
 `` sometimes i forget you do n't know everything about me . 
 if you think back , i 've never touched you across long distances . '' 
 shit . 
 he 's right . 
 most of our contact occurs when we 're on ship together or in the same room . 
 here i thought - well , never mind . 
 relief surges through me . 
 march was n't punishing me with the silence , which is good , because i do n't know if i could 've forgiven him that . 
 `` do you still love me ? '' 
 when the question comes gusting out , my face burns like i 've been splashed with acid . 
 march leans his head against mine . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` you 're the psychic . 
 it 's mean to toy with me . '' 
 he eases down until our noses touch , lips mere millimeters away from a kiss . 
 `` i do n't always agree with your decisions , and you drive me out of my mind sometimes . 
 like you pushing me away when i want so bad to be there for you . 
 i 'm still trying to understand that . 
 but yeah , i love you . '' 
 `` do n't you understand ? '' 
 i ask tiredly . 
 `` i 'm trying not to hurt you . '' 
 `` the last few weeks , you 've been breaking my heart . '' 
 such a stark tone , unadorned truth . 
 i have no defense against that . 
 mary help me , i want him so bad . 
 and he knows . 
 i see it just before his mouth takes mine in a kiss that i feel like i 've waited for my whole life . 
 heat . 
 need . 
 he cups my face in his hands . 
 at this moment i do n't care about the people outside these fragile walls . 
 the world shrinks to him and me . 
 my fingertips brush the curve of his ear , and he shivers in reaction . 
 i know all his hot spots now . 
 he laughs softly , trailing his lips down my throat . 
 i suck in a shaky breath . 
 yeah , he knows mine , too . 
 `` this is only a temporary truce , '' i whisper into his jaw . 
 he gives me a slow simmering smile . 
 `` i can live with that . '' 
 march pulls my vest over my head , skimming my skin with his palms . 
 for just a moment i feel scrawny and self-conscious , but it 's nothing he has n't seen before , scars and all . 
 plus he has more than his share , and i relearn them all as i tug his shirt over his head . 
 even in the dim light , i can tell he 's a mass of bruises . 
 i do n't even know how he can stand for me to touch him . 
 i hesitate , my good hand hovering over his chest . 
 `` you 're sure ? 
 i wo n't hurt you ? '' 
 a soft laugh escapes him , as if he ca n't believe i 've asked . 
 i know he 's twice my size , but he 's wounded , dammit . 
 and i 've been known to bite . 
 `` we 're both a little bit broken , '' he says quietly . 
 `` but we 'll take care not to cut each other on the sharp edges . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` we 'll manage . '' 
 quiet lightning surges between us , a longing that can not be channeled or contained . 
 he touches me with exquisite gentleness , lips trailing heat wherever he claims me with his hands . 
 i arch against him , melting . 
 his penis feels so hard , it almost hurts where it jabs me . 
 i undo his pants with unsteady hands . 
 in this moment i need nothing more than march . 
 primitive . 
 mine . 
 `` yes , '' he gasps , though i do n't know if it 's because of my thoughts or my fingers curling around him . 
 i love how i short-circuit his higher brain functions . 
 `` you , on top . 
 i want to watch you . '' 
 `` lazy bastard , '' i manage to tease as i climb on . 
 his eyes drift shut as i sink down , sheathing him . 
 he fills me , pure heat . 
 i start slow and easy , but i ca n't control myself for long , not that he 'll let me . 
 march cradles my h * ps in his hands , moving me on him . 
 showing me how he wants it . 
 `` take me , jax . '' 
 i ca n't resist his whispered plea . 
 faster . 
 more . 
 i do n't know whether that 's him or me , but we both crave it . 
 our breathing changes tempo , staccato urgency . 
 once we find a hungry rhythm , his hands roam my body as if he owns me . 
 or wants to . 
 when his fingers drift down my belly , stroking lower still , i bear down and let the orgasm come . 
 liquid lust wracks me in hard , frantic waves . 
 march offers a wicked smile , holding me upright . 
 `` do n't pass out , baby . 
 i 'm just getting started . 
 lost time and all that . '' 
 i manage to snort , though i feel shaky as hell . 
 `` you wish . 
 i 'm still woman enough to wear you out . '' 
 `` take your best shot . '' 
 his eyes shine as he settles back , preparing to make me work for it . 
 i roll my h * ps on him as aftershocks spark through me . 
 but he 's not ready for what i do next . 
 lean down , nip his throat . 
 grind . 
 i suck , tugging his skin with my teeth . 
 that 's going to leave a mark . 
 he shudders , breath rushing in noisy gusts . 
 i whisper , `` every time i 've touched myself in the last four months , i thought of you . 
 every . 
 time . '' 
 and then he 's all mine , groaning , shaking , and breathless beneath me . 
 * * * chapter 30 when l come to , he 's dressed and about to slip out on me . 
 that 's probably fitting , given the way i ran out on march the first time we had sex . 
 the universe has a way of rewarding people with what they deserve . 
 i 'm not sure what this says about me . 
 no , i do , actually . 
 it says things i do n't enjoy hearing . 
 i push up onto my elbow . 
 `` you were n't going to wake me ? '' 
 `` i did n't want to bother you . '' 
 that sounds like an excuse . 
 `` i need you more than sleep . '' 
 the words feel barbed coming out of my mouth . 
 there , i said it , damn him . 
 `` you do n't need me , '' he says with quiet finality . 
 `` you want me . 
 you might even love me . 
 but you do n't need me . 
 i wish you did . '' 
 is this because i would n't lean on him ? 
 did n't want to become physically dependent ? 
 he goes on , `` they need me in planning sessions . 
 though we 've retreated , we ca n't just hunker down here . 
 we need to talk strategy and coordinate the war effort . 
 the mcculloughs wo n't settle for anything less than a full hostile takeover , so we have to exterminate them . '' 
 he sounds so cold . 
 a chill courses through me . 
 march tries so hard to suppress this side of his personality , the darkness where he lost his soul once before . 
 in the shadows his face looks almost inhuman , taut and graven . 
 i 've never seen him wear an expression quite like this , as if he 's switched his feelings off . 
 `` do n't let me keep you . '' 
 i want to get dressed , but i wo n't crawl out from under the blanket . 
 his eyes sear like lasers . 
 he hesitates , as if there 's something more he wants to say . 
 and then : `` i 'm glad you 're safe , jax . '' 
 i just nod . 
 not exactly an impassioned declaration , but this is n't the moment for them either . 
 as soon as he leaves , i scramble for my clothes , still scattered where we threw them earlier . 
 i 'm not sure how long i 've been out . 
 noise levels outside indicate some of the clan has retired for a few hours at least . 
 i dress quickly and push my way out of the tent . 
 they 've left guards posted , which makes sense , in case doc is wrong , and the mcculloughs do find us . 
 the diminished crowds mean i can make my way around easier . 
 in the hours i slept , they 've done more work on the encampment . 
 makeshift barricades now sit before the two exits to the tunnels , along with motion detectors . 
 well , at least nobody 's sneaking up our backsides . 
 i do n't know what i 'm supposed to do next . 
 clearly i 'm not welcome in the strategy meetings , not that i would have anything of value to offer . 
 of the clansmen still awake , most seem to know who i am , based on their glaring . 
 i move away from march 's tent , feeling rather aimless . 
 i 'm a f ** king jumper , for mary 's sake . 
 i do n't belong down here . 
 this is n't even my fight . 
 i had nothing to do with the mcculloughs deciding my visit portended conglomerate interference in local politics . 
 i sigh . 
 maybe my basic medical training would make me somewhat useful to doc , so i head that way . 
 i swing around a crate of disorganized supplies and spot my favorite guardian . 
 to be honest , i register a tiny flicker of relief . 
 `` i 've been looking everywhere for you , '' jael says , vaulting over the parts . 
 `` tarn 's going to fire me if i do n't get you out of here . '' 
 i ca n't help but arch my brows . 
 `` that 's your concern ? 
 take a look around , genius . 
 we 're in danger of being killed by clansmen , one way or another . 
 if gunnar-dahlgren does n't do it , the mcculloughs will . '' 
 `` not on my watch . '' 
 a snicker escapes me . 
 `` you 're the worst bodyguard ever . '' 
 `` right , i admit i may not have been as vigilant as i ought . 
 but i had no idea this was a high-risk environment . 
 i did n't do enough research on this f ** ked-up , mary-forsaken hellhole . '' 
 `` you 're not enjoying our goodwill tour then ? '' 
 it ought to be against the law to derive so much amusement from one person . 
 `` puzzled that out for yourself , did you ? '' 
 i realize i have n't asked about the important stuff , so i leave off messing with him . 
 `` is dina all right ? 
 what about the ship ? '' 
 he sucks in a sharp breath , as if being reminded hurts him , and shakes his head . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't know whether she 'll make it . '' 
 my stomach lurches . 
 `` dina ? 
 or the ship . '' 
 `` the ship 's a dead loss , '' he answers . 
 `` i carried our girl in , but she bled out a lot before i tied the wound off . 
 she 's lost a leg , for sure , and i do n't know if they can replace it . '' 
 `` you ass ! '' 
 i ca n't believe he stood there talking about getting me off planet when dina might be dying . 
 i try to push past him , but he snags my shoulders . 
 `` hey , where you going ? 
 she 's sedated , jax . 
 you mean to go wake her up with your wailing , inhibit the healing process , and annoy the doc ? '' 
 `` i just need to see her , that 's all . '' 
 his icy gaze searches mine for a moment before he gives a short nod . 
 `` right . 
 i 'm not letting you out of my sight again , so i 'll come along . '' 
 i shrug . 
 it does n't matter if i have a shadow . 
 we weave through the narrow passages leading back to medical . 
 i do n't see doc anywhere , but his friend rose greets me with a cool glance . 
 `` you 're checking on your ship 's mechanic ? '' 
 my teeth clench . 
 maybe the vids still show me as a spoiled little nav-star , but i do n't use people like that anymore , thinking only of what they can do for me . 
 dina 's my friend . 
 but before i can start a fight-and i 'm tempted - jael says smoothly , `` yeah . 
 any change ? '' 
 like i 'm not even there , she gestures for him to follow her toward the back . 
 as i slink along in their wake , i decide i must be the worst ambassador in the history of diplomacy . 
 well , except for karl fitzwilliam , who started the axis wars . 
 now there 's a comforting thought . 
 the number of wounded has diminished since i dropped doc here . 
 i hope they recovered , not died , but i do n't put much faith in the reality of that outcome . 
 it 's going to take a miracle to save us , and maybe the ones who have already gone through that final door are the lucky ones . 
 i 'd take a fast death over one that lingers . 
 she 's so pale . 
 at first she does n't even seem to be breathing . 
 her fair hair has been brushed back from her brow , and for the first time , i notice she has a heart-shaped face . 
 her gruff manner disguises the fact somewhat , but in repose , dina is quite pretty . 
 no wonder jael ca n't resist flirting with her , even though he knows it 's a lost cause . 
 `` did you manage to find a prosthetic ? '' 
 on some level , i acknowledge it makes sense for him to make the inquiries because he 's the one who saved her life . 
 he 's the one who carried her to safety . 
 a hot , angry sensationboils in my stomach because i was n't there for someone i care about , as if i could 've changed things somehow . 
 it 's not logical . 
 i did n't let vel down on emry , and i know i ca n't be everywhere at once , but damn march anyway . 
 he 's infected me with his devastating sense of moral responsibility . 
 `` it 's far from ideal , '' rose says softly . 
 `` but we managed to salvage a limb from ... elsewhere . 
 so far , no signs of rejection , but we were n't able to do extensive tissue testing . 
 we had to graft or cauterize the nerves . 
 doc made the call . '' 
 elsewhere . 
 how do you gaze into a pile of dead bodies and decide what leg to harvest ? 
 my breath gusts out in a shaky sound , drawing their attention . 
 `` is she stable ? '' 
 rose does n't meet my gaze . 
 `` i 'll be honest , ambassador . 
 we 've only been able to save one person , after such a mauling . 
 i 'm astonished your friend has lasted this long , between shock , blood loss , and myriad other factors . 
 if you put any stock in any gods at all , now is the time to address yourself to them . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` is there anything i can do ? '' 
 `` just stay out of the way and let me do my job , '' she answers . 
 that 's clearly a dismissal , so i turn , sensing jael fall in step . 
 i know what it was like out there for him amid the rush of wings , carnage at every turn . 
 yet he came through it , and though he does n't seem inclined to view himself that way , he 's a hero , too . 
 damn , why am i surrounded by them on all sides ? 
 `` you risked your life to save her , '' i say in neutral tones . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he gives me a faint smile . 
 `` the fact that you 'd even ask proves you do n't know anything about me . '' 
 * * * chapter 31 lf you 've never tried living underground , l do n't recommend it . 
 while soldiers conduct a guerilla war in the tunnels , picking off the mccullough scout teams , the rest of us work to build a life in this primitive pit . 
 the raw violence stuns me . 
 i hear distant fighting , day and night , and the screams of dying men . 
 i do n't know what they do with the corpses , ca n't even imagine . 
 for the first few days , i perform manual labor alongside the clansmen . 
 we make weapons , chemical stoves , and other necessities . 
 at night i bed down with vel , who handles my presence with inscrutable aplomb . 
 i do n't know whether tarn knows anything about the mess on lachion , but even if he does , i ca n't expect rescue from that angle . 
 this is a fair-sized planet , and locating us where we 've gone to ground would be worse than trying to find a needle in a haystack . 
 we 'll need to save ourselves , business as usual . 
 march stays busy with tactical meetings and leads the strike teams himself . 
 this merc , this killer , i hardly know him . 
 each time he leaves the bunker , i feel sure he 's not coming back . 
 i hate how he strides into danger , leaving me behind , but jael would bodily restrain me if i tried to join the fight . 
 on the third day , a mission goes bad . 
 i do n't know whether we got faulty intel , or what happened out there , but we 're drowning in wounded . 
 lex passes me at a run , barking out , `` doc needs you ! '' 
 as he goes to work on damage control . 
 if the mcculloughs find this bunker , we 're done . 
 a chill ripples over me . 
 surely doc did n't go out with the grunts himself . 
 that would be madness . 
 but my heart pounds double time as i head for the big gray tent functioning as the clan hospital . 
 as i push through the parted flaps , i break out into a cold sweat . 
 there are at least twenty bodies in varying stages of dismemberment , and the air feels thick and heavy in my nostrils , sweet with clotting blood . 
 doc looks up from his work briefly and then goes back to whatever he 's doing inside that poor kid . 
 i say kid because the person doc 's working on ca n't be much older than keri , but he 's old enough to fight for his clan . 
 old enough to die , if the operation does n't go well . 
 i have n't seen march yet today ; he could be somewhere among all these bodies . 
 i shudder and try to force that thought away . 
 if he were dead , surely i 'd know . 
 i 'd feel something . 
 but our connection has thinned , and he does n't seek me out anymore . 
 rose turns then , jerking her head toward the back of the tent . 
 `` change into some scrubs . 
 there 's a sealed set in the cupboard . 
 then stand inside the san-shower on sterile setting for at least sixty seconds . '' 
 maybe the dry heat will do something to calm my nerves . 
 i have a feeling that whatever they intend to ask me to do , i 'm not going to like it , particularly if it requires me to dress like a doctor and scrub up like one , too . 
 but i do n't protest . 
 it takes me less than two minutes to get geared up . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 doc answers without pausing what he 's doing . 
 `` there 's a device on the table next to rose . 
 it 's dead simple , just point and shoot . 
 i need you to use it to take readings on all our wounded . 
 it will help us calculate triage . '' 
 i 'm not trained for this . 
 i want to argue , but i do n't . 
 if it will help , then i ca n't say no . 
 i do n't even bother asking `` why me ? '' 
 approaching the wounded men lined up on drab olive blankets , i feel my hands trembling . 
 like doc said , though , it 's really basic . 
 from a single point of contact , the gizmo registers temperature , heart rate , and scads of other medical data . 
 all i have to do is enter the patient 's number , as present on his clan id . 
 i feel like i 'm tagging corpses , even though some of them move or moan or beg me to make the pain stop . 
 the third soldier is wide-awake and , mary help him , coherent . 
 with a wound like the one in his side , i do n't know how . 
 he grabs my wrist , fingers grinding against bone . 
 `` did jerro make it ? 
 where is he ? 
 i promised his ma i 'd take care of him . '' 
 `` he 's fine , '' doc says . 
 `` just try to relax . 
 you 're up next . '' 
 whether that 's the truth or a platitude , the guy relaxes his grip on me and fades out . 
 i hope he is n't dead . 
 the gadget reassures me he 's stable for the time being , and i move on to the next patient . 
 soon , we get into a groove . 
 i see why they needed me now , or at least another pair of hands . 
 i choose the next patient , based on need , doc does patch work , and then rose finishes up , sealing wounds and incisions . 
 there 's also a clansman doing transport , moving patients from the hospital into the recovery area . 
 by the time we finish , i 'm aching from head to toe . 
 people who say being on the med team is easy ought to be shot . 
 of course that would just make more work for us , so maybe i could let 'em go with a warning . 
 before i head back to the tent i share with vel , i ask , `` why me ? '' 
 `` you 're not clan , '' doc says quietly . 
 `` do you really think i could ask someone who knew these men to help decide who lives and dies ? '' 
 i never thought of that . 
 but yeah , the little gadget had determined two of the soldiers would n't make it , regardless of treatment , so they got bumped to the bottom of the list . 
 rose shot them full of painkiller , and they died quietly , which was all we could do for them . 
 i try to imagine someone who knew them , who had lived , worked , fought , and possibly loved those men , being asked to watch them die . 
 my heart seizes up into a gordian knot . 
 `` i 'm glad i could help . '' 
 my voice sounds rusty . 
 `` but i 'm busted . 
 i 'll be back in the morning if you need me again . '' 
 `` if you could . '' 
 he looks so damn tired , too , but he 's not leaving . 
 we find heroes , not on battlefields , but in hospitals that tend the injured . 
 sometimes i think it 's easier to fight than it is to heal . 
 i check the recovery area one last time , making sure nobody needs anything . 
 dina has finally come around . 
 thanks to her rugged constitution , they 've developed an antivenom for those who survive teras attacks . 
 she ca n't walk yet , but they 're hopeful . 
 she does n't want me around , though . 
 dina is n't unfair enough to lay all this on me , but she 's a bitchy patient , and i seem to rub her the wrong way , no matter my intentions . 
 i spend the fourth day working in recovery , changing bandages , fetching this or that , and generally entertaining crotchety soldiers who are convinced the war will be lost if they do n't get off their cots . 
 march avoids me , and my heart breaks by millimeters . 
 i should confront him . 
 i will . 
 when i work up the nerve . 
 and on the fifth day , doc takes me aside . 
 `` things have slowed a bit , so i 've had a chance to take a look at your test results , some of the data i could n't interpret before . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 the bustle of clansmen going about their business muffles our words somewhat . 
 in the distance i hear the discharge of weapons , echoing oddly through the tunnels . 
 i 've never been surrounded by war , not like this . 
 it 's a precarious feeling , and i 'm itchy with the need to get the hell out of here . 
 `` i 've got good news and bad news , jax . '' 
 i brace myself . 
 `` bad first . '' 
 `` if you want to live , you have to stop jumping . '' 
 of all the things he could 've said , this shocks me the most . 
 we all know jumping will kill us someday ; it 's sort of a given . 
 `` yeah , i get that . '' 
 doc shakes his head . 
 `` no , i do n't think you do . 
 you know how you 're receiving daily injections to combat that inexplicable bone condition ? '' 
 i nod . 
 he 's already told me that such diseases are rare in young people . 
 `` let me try to put this in laymen 's terms . 
 a normal human brain suffers irrevocable damage after repeated exposures to the stress of grimspace . 
 you 're no exception to this . 
 but you differ from other navigators in a dna ... mutation that permits you to cannibalize other physical resources to heal the damage you take . '' 
 it takes me a few moments to process that . 
 `` when i pass out for three days after a bad jump - '' `` that 's the unique metabolic process at work . 
 but in order to heal , the resources must be taken from elsewhere , '' he says with a grave look . 
 `` so my body breaks down my bones to fix my brain , so i can keep jumping . 
 and there 's no cure ? '' 
 i ca n't look at him . 
 my gaze roves the crowd behind him , watching a man assemble shocksticks and taser pistols from spare parts . 
 `` how could there be ? 
 i 've never heard of a jumper who could do this , and i 've studied thousands of medical records . '' 
 he does n't need to spell it out for me . 
 the next time i lapse into a near coma , there 's no telling what system might be ransacked in order to regenerate my brain . 
 vascular or respiratory pillage might kill me on the spot . 
 `` there 's no way to regulate it ? '' 
 doc shrugs . 
 `` perhaps . 
 this is uncharted territory , jax . 
 i might eventually be able to develop an implant to control what systems are tapped , defaulting to the less vital ones . '' 
 the rest goes unspoken . 
 that would require time and facilities , and right now , my welfare simply is n't at the top of his list . 
 he has a whole clan to care for , new wounded coming in daily , and a war raging around us . 
 in the meantime i should n't jump , or it will just get worse . 
 i 'll die , just not like most jumpers . 
 so how the hell are we getting off this rock ? 
 i exhale shakily . 
 `` what 's the good news ? '' 
 `` over time , we can repair the degeneration to your skeletal system , '' he tells me . 
 `` maintain the treatments as prescribed , and you wo n't always be so - '' `` breakable ? '' 
 `` that is not a word i 'd apply to you . '' 
 he smiles faintly . 
 well , he ca n't see inside me . 
 the man i love risks his life on an hourly basis , and he drifts further away with every heartbeat . 
 though i ca n't articulate the impression , i 'm losing him . 
 kill by kill , someone else trickles in to eclipse the light where he used to be . 
 he needs to walk away from this war . 
 but march can not excise his sense of obligation to keri , springing from his inability to repay mair , keri 's grandmother , for everything she did for him . 
 i remember his words , back on the water-logged world of marakeq . 
 i 'd asked him why he was always in my head . 
 `` it means our theta waves are compatible , '' he 'd said . 
 `` it 's almost always a one-way feed . 
 i get impressions from other people , what kind and how deep depends on how disciplined their minds are and how much i want to know . 
 used to be uncontrollable , could n't shut it off . '' 
 `` how did you - '' `` mair . 
 she would n't teach me the higher forms , but she saw what a mess i was and taught me how to quiet my mind . 
 shut out the noise through meditation . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't know . '' 
 `` before she took me in hand , i was n't even human , jax . 
 you have no idea how many people i 've ended . 
 broke minds to set an example , for the hell of it , or just because i needed a quiet kill . 
 i spent years on nicuan , feeding their endless wars . 
 by the time i stole a ship because they shorted my pay , there was nothing left . 
 mair rebuilt me , brick by brick . '' 
 oh , irony , you 're such a bitch . 
 `` thanks , '' i tell doc then . 
 i think he reads something in my expression , but he does n't ask , thank mary . 
 `` i 'll let you get back to work . 
 i know you 've got people a lot sicker than me to deal with . '' 
 `` i 've prepared sixty days ' worth of your treatment , jax . 
 just inject yourself once a day , and you should start to see some improvement . '' 
 as long as i do n't jump . 
 fuck that , it would be kinder to kill me outright . 
 i make myself smile and thank him . 
 turning , i lose myself in bodies going about their business . 
 the clansmen are tough , stolid as rocks , and they seem to have adapted well to this lifestyle . 
 sometime later , jael finds me as i sit mechanically assembling weapons i 'll never use . 
 this is n't my fight ; i 'm just caught in the middle of it . 
 but if i ever need to , i can get work on low-tech worlds where they make use of cheap human labor . 
 part of me acknowledges that 's an exaggeration . 
 i still have my post as ambassador , unless tarn has washed his hands of me . 
 i would n't know at this point . 
 they can always hire another jumper to ferry me from place to place , but that option rouses a sick , miserable feeling in the pit of my stomach . 
 `` you look like your best friend died , '' he says , dropping down beside me . 
 given our current situation , that seems particularly tactless . 
 i just shrug . 
 i do n't feel like talking , particularly not to him . 
 i ca n't let myself bond with someone who reminds me so much of kai . 
 he misinterprets my gloom . 
 `` look , they seem to think dina 's going to make it . 
 cheer up , wo n't you ? '' 
 `` is it mandatory ? '' 
 i 'm not ready to share my prognosis with anyone . 
 it 's bad enough that i have to haul a med kit around and shoot up like a chem-head . 
 `` nope . 
 but this might help . 
 we 're getting out of here . 
 two days , tops . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` your bug friend has some astonishing resources in that bag of his . 
 we 've been monitoring enemy transmissions , and they 're discussing a fallback , as the tunnel war is n't going well . 
 when they retreat , we 'll sneak out and head for the surface . '' 
 `` and be left wide open for teras to pick off ? 
 or any mccullough men that happen to be in the vicinity ? '' 
 that might be the worst idea i 've ever heard . 
 jael sighs . 
 `` give us a little credit , will you ? '' 
 `` what 's that supposed to mean ? '' 
 i do n't have much faith left , i 'm afraid . 
 this scheme sounds stupid , dangerous , and highly likely to get me killed , full of adrenaline-inducing moments , and the hot rush of risk . 
 which means i should be all for it . 
 have n't i always said i did n't become a jumper to die old and gray ? 
 i stop protesting . 
 `` it means we have a plan . 
 i will get you out of here , jax . 
 you have my word . '' 
 i manage a smile , but i do n't believe much in promises anymore either . 
 `` what about dina ? 
 she 's not going to be ready to run in two days . '' 
 if he suggests leaving her , i 'll punch him in the eye . 
 i am not the woman from the vids . 
 people are not disposable to me . 
 `` that 's going to pose a bit of a problem , '' he says . 
 `` but we 'll figure that out , too . 
 i need to get back to vel . 
 did you want to be in on the brainstorming ? '' 
 my brittle smile softens into something close to real . 
 `` yeah . 
 i would . '' 
 he tugs me to my feet . 
 `` well , let 's do it . 
 forget this , '' he adds , sweeping an arm to indicate the dim , grungy encampment . 
 `` soon it 'll seem like a bad dream . '' 
 sure enough , i have plenty of those . 
 * * * chapter 32 we 've made our plans . 
 in four hours , we 're out of here . 
 vel and jael have fashioned a back harness , and they 'll take turns carrying dina . 
 now we just need to say good-bye to doc , quietly , and collect march , not necessarily in that order . 
 it goes without saying that i 'm in charge of the latter . 
 he 's probably in some meeting , so i leave the other two and go looking for him . 
 chemical stoves emit a burnt polymer smell as i weave my way through the tents . 
 this nomadic encampment has taken on certain clan characteristics by this point . 
 they 've allocated a training circle where the rehabilitating men spar to keep from killing each other , and the women occupy themselves across the way devising new uses for old rubbish . 
 in the distance i hear sounds of combat , cries of pain and rage . 
 overhead the bombardment has stopped at last , making me think we may have a chance . 
 if vel 's intel is correct , and we time our run to a mccullough retreat , we might get off this rock . 
 i settle outside the tactical tent and wait . 
 passing clansmenno longer glare at me , at least . 
 someone taps me on the shoulder . 
 i glance up and find someone who looks more like a raider queen than a lachion native . 
 she 's incredibly tall , dusky-skinned , and she wears her hair in a short pouf . 
 her bare arms reveal whipcord strength . 
 slim metal rods pierce her nose , lower lip , and left brow . 
 she glimmers with silver at throat , fingers , and wrists , highlighting her exotic allure . 
 in the diffuse light , her eyes gleam tawny gold , like a predatory cat . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 i do n't recognize her , but that does n't mean much . 
 i have n't met everyone down here . 
 she folds herself into the lotus position beside me . 
 `` whispers say you 're making a break . 
 i want to hitch a ride . '' 
 i recognize her accent , match it to a small world in the outskirts . 
 if i recall correctly , a bunch of artists and poets settled the place . 
 i wonder if she can fight . 
 `` may not be a smooth run . 
 we could die out there . '' 
 `` we could die down here . 
 i know which i prefer . '' 
 the woman has a point . 
 i offer my hand . 
 `` i 'm jax . '' 
 a faint smile creases her mouth . 
 `` i know who you are . '' 
 but she takes my hand , firm grip . 
 calluses . 
 okay , so maybe not a useless arty type after all . 
 `` and you ? '' 
 `` my name is suraya , but my friends call me hit . '' 
 i have a feeling i 'm going to regret asking . 
 `` why 's that ? '' 
 her smile widens . 
 `` because i only ever need one to take someone down . '' 
 oh , that type . 
 `` what 're you doing on lachion ? '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` bad idea , this supply run . 
 my whole crew died in the attack . 
 i can pilot , so i wo n't be deadweight . '' 
 hit shows me the shunt in her wrist as if i might doubt her word . 
 well , it 's never a bad idea to have a backup pilot on board . 
 `` i 'll need to talk it over with the others . 
 i 'm going to assume they do n't object , so meet us at the south exit in three and a half hours . '' 
 her eyes gleam . 
 `` done . 
 i wo n't forget this , ambassador . '' 
 i 'm still not used to being addressed like that . 
 `` do n't thank me yet . 
 we have klicks of enemy territory to cover , and then we still have to find a way off this rock . '' 
 `` you 're the kind of person who makes things happen , '' she says . 
 am i ? 
 just now i feel like i 'm the world champion at waiting . 
 hit climbs to her feet and sets off , presumably to collect her gear . 
 i sit and brood . 
 an hour later , march comes out of the tent , no surprises there . 
 his expression does n't warm when he notices me . 
 in fact , he looks mildly annoyed , but that might be projection more than accurate interpretation on my part . 
 `` jax . '' 
 he bends to greet me with a light kiss on the mouth . 
 `` you caught me just before i take another team out . '' 
 `` forget that , let someone else do it . 
 say your good-byes and pack your stuff . 
 we 're getting the hell out of here . 
 meet us at the south exit in two and a half hours . '' 
 i clamber to my feet and jerk my head toward the tunnel for emphasis . 
 his eyes go very dark and still . 
 march studies me for a moment in silence , and then the saddest smile curves his lips . 
 he takes my hands in his and seals a kiss into each palm . 
 i ca n't feel him at all ; he has n't touched my mind in days , and the physical contact seems sharper in contrast . 
 `` good luck , '' he says quietly . 
 two words . 
 how can two words make me feel like this ? 
 for a moment , i ca n't breathe for the bands tightening around my chest . 
 my eyes sting . 
 i tug my hands away from him and curl them into fists . 
 against my best efforts to wear a poker face , i feel the tears slipping down my cheeks . 
 `` you do n't mean - '' i try to say , but my voice comes out strange and strangled . 
 people passing by give us odd looks , and march tries to take my arm , draw me to a quieter place to talk . 
 fuck that . 
 i jerk away and glare at him through blurry eyes , jaw clenched . 
 say it here , damn you . 
 right now . 
 he offers an almost imperceptible nod . 
 `` i 'm staying . 
 i owe it to mair 's memory , and the clan , after all they 've done for me . 
 they took me in , after i walked away from the merc life . 
 and mair asked me to look after keri , when she was just ten years old . 
 you do n't need me , jax . 
 keri does . 
 this is my war-i have the training , the experience , and i 'll make the difference between their survival and annihilation here . 
 i have to see this through . 
 but you do n't need my help getting to ithiss-tor ; another pilot can get you there . '' 
 so he 's cutting me loose . 
 i raise my chin and wipe my face with the backs of my hands . 
 in my heart , i know i 've already lost him . 
 he 's going to die down here , and it 's killing me . 
 i feel a scream building in my lungs , raw and angry . 
 i do n't want him to become a martyr . 
 i want him beside me . 
 no surprise when he reads me . 
 i 'm an open book where he 's concerned . 
 his expression softens , and march pulls me into his arms . 
 at first i resist on principle because the bastard is leaving me - `` no , '' he whispers . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 you 'll see me again , i swear . 
 this is n't forever . '' 
 tears course down my cheeks . 
 i squeeze them shut , but it does n't help . 
 they do n't stop falling . 
 because i do n't believe him . 
 i know a good-bye when i feel one . 
 his mouth finds mine , blind and hungry . 
 march has n't kissed me in days , but suddenly it 's like the only thing he knows how to do . 
 lips clinging , he tastes salty and bittersweet from my weeping . 
 again and again , until we gasp for air and lean our foreheads together . 
 grief roars inside me . 
 his breath stirs against my damp cheeks , and i try to memorize everything about this moment . 
 how he feels against me , his scent , and the weight of his arms curled around my back . 
 i never thought he 'd leave me . 
 whatever he thinks , i do need him . 
 just not in the way he wants . 
 i ca n't be someone other than i am ; i ca n't love him except the way i know how . 
 `` i know , '' he whispers , setting his cheek against my downy hair . 
 `` it 's enough . 
 it is . 
 but i have to pay my debts . 
 if i take everything mair gave me and walk away from her kin when they 're in need , then i 've forsaken what little honor she taught me . 
 ca n't you understand that ? 
 i ca n't be that guy again . '' 
 `` yeah , i get it . 
 but it 's killing you , '' i choke out . 
 `` a centimeter at a time . 
 so even if by some miracle you survive , you wo n't be march , not this march . 
 you 'll be - '' i break off , tipping my head back to search his gaze with mine . 
 but i do n't have the words for the darkness i sense coming for him . 
 what good is honor when compassion is lost ? 
 and he knows . 
 i see it in the gravity of his expression . 
 but he pretends he does n't , another stone in the wall between us . 
 `` i 'll come back to you , '' he promises again . 
 `` sure . '' 
 i manage a smile . 
 soon the pain will crystallize into a diamond in my chest , allowing me to function . 
 `` have you thought about paint ? '' 
 when he looks puzzled , i add , `` to combat the teras ? 
 as things stand , it 's all but impossible to fight them without heat-sensitive equipment that you do n't have on world . 
 but you could jury-rig a weapon that sprays them , making them easier to target . '' 
 the clans left the teras alone because the danger meant nobody else wanted to settle here . 
 and then the mcculloughs figured out how to harness them , catching the others flat-footed . 
 maybe march can benefit from this idea . 
 mary , i feel raw . 
 `` i 'll mention it in strat meetings , '' he says . 
 `` it might make the difference when we start trying to retake surface holdings . 
 please , jax , do n't look like that . '' 
 like what ? 
 like my heart is breaking ? 
 he delves into his pocket and produces a ring that shines , cheap and tawdry even in this light . 
 the red stones shimmer like glass . 
 without ceremony he shoves it onto my middle finger , where it hangs loose . 
 `` svet collected trinkets like this . 
 i bought it for her on gehenna , '' he says softly . 
 `` last gift i ever got her , and i did n't have a chance to give it to her . 
 it 's never left my possession since i heard - '' march rubs a thumb over my cheek . 
 `` anyway . 
 i want you to have it ... for now . 
 i 'll repo it someday , jax . 
 get you something nicer . 
 that 's a promise . '' 
 i close my fingers to keep the ring from sliding off . 
 `` i 'll hold you to that . '' 
 he kisses me one last time , and i pretend i believe him , at least until he disappears from sight . 
 deep down i 'm sure i 'll never see him again , and it feels like my heart is dying . 
 * * * chapter 33 l 've said my farewells . 
 doc said to check back with him regarding an implant , but i wo n't do that in person . 
 i 'll continue my injections and bounce a message to him when they 've restored communications . 
 when things have settled down , i 'll see what he can do for me . 
 but that will take time . 
 we 're done here . 
 i 'm the first to arrive at the south exit . 
 i doubt anyone else is as eager to get some distance from this place . 
 each moment i stand here constitutes a bitter reminder that march chose to stay . 
 here with keri . 
 it stings like hell that he put it that way : you do n't need me . 
 keri does . 
 though i do n't want to be jealous , the feeling burns in my veins like an acid cocktail . 
 she 's young ; she does n't have all the f ** ked-up dysfunctions i 've collected over the years . 
 but i ca n't dwell on petty , baseless jealousy . 
 i have a job to do . 
 as i straighten my shoulders , jael turns up , with dina reclining on an air sled like a queen . 
 i smile at that . 
 `` what happened to the harness ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` doc said he could spare this . 
 it was n't even working when i started messing with it . 
 and she is n't bleeding , so it should be safer all around . '' 
 `` what , like i 'm not even here ? '' 
 dina mock-glares at me and then reinforces the scowl by whirring over and giving me a whack . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're mobile , '' i say . 
 `` i was worried about you . '' 
 she snorts . 
 `` save the mushy stuff for when we get off this mary-forsaken rock . 
 is march almost ready ? '' 
 vel arrives , saving me the trouble of answering . 
 i wonder how they 're going to react to the news . 
 a lance of fresh pain stabs through me , but i tamp it down . 
 he made his choice . 
 `` i have confirmed the retreat , '' he says in lieu of a greeting . 
 `` we will not have a cleaner shot at this for months most likely . '' 
 `` we 'll probably still see some fighting , '' jael adds . 
 `` but i think vel and i are a match for whatever we find down here . '' 
 the bounty hunter nods . 
 `` i predict we 'll find the enemy wounded and disorganized , separated from the rest of the clan . '' 
 `` i can do my part , '' dina adds . 
 `` i 'm not helpless . '' 
 `` never said you were , darling . '' 
 jael ruffles her hair . 
 `` i expect you to cover us . 
 you 're getting the only disruptor , after all . '' 
 we talk a little longer , discussing our game plan . 
 hit rolls up with a bag strapped to her back , looking elegant and dangerous . 
 `` we ready ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` lucky break . 
 i found us a new pilot . '' 
 i do n't pose it as a question . 
 we need her , so it 's not open to discussion . 
 everyone turns to gape at me , but dina recovers first . 
 `` what about march ? '' 
 `` he 's staying , '' i answer . 
 `` give me five minutes with him . 
 do n't go anywhere . '' 
 the mechanic 's mouth firms into an angry white line . 
 with that she whips away . 
 maybe she 'll convince him where i could n't . 
 either way , jael does n't seem concerned . 
 not surprising , he does n't know march well . 
 but i do notice him inspecting hit 's wrist without any particular subtlety . 
 `` you can take us up ? '' 
 the merc asks her . 
 `` what rigs have you flown ? '' 
 she gives him a toothy smile . 
 `` you let me worry about that , pretty boy . 
 find me a ship , and i 'll fly the shit out of it . '' 
 while they lapse into quiet banter , vel surprises me with a soft touch on the shoulder . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 i register his sympathy with a certain amount of irony . 
 the least human among us offers me the most emotional support , it seems . 
 i move my shoulders in an unconvincing shrug . 
 `` i will be . '' 
 someday . 
 even if i ca n't imagine that day right now , with the loss so fresh , it 'll come . 
 pain always fades . 
 if i learned nothing else from life , i 've certainly mastered that . 
 more than five minutes pass while we wait for dina . 
 when she returns , her blue eyes look grim , and she wo n't meet my gaze . 
 `` let 's go , '' she says tersely . 
 `` we 've wasted enough time here . '' 
 taking that as his cue , vel tinkers with the motion sensors set at the south tunnel . 
 `` this will disable them long enough for us to get past without raising an alarm . 
 they 'll come back online in sixty seconds , so we need to be quick . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` noted . 
 let 's get dina through first . '' 
 she bitches , `` what am i , bait ? '' 
 but i notice she does n't hesitate to whip around the barricade and out into the tunnel beyond , faster than me , and i 'm hot on her heels . 
 the rest join us in record time . 
 behind us , i hear the beep that means their motion sensor has come back online , preventing the mcculloughs from sneaking up their backsides . 
 mentally , i wish them luck with it , but we have our own battle to fight now . 
 mary , i hope we 're not running in the dark . 
 vel may have senses that can compensate , but the rest of us are only human . 
 i do n't think this group will be as sympathetic to my irrational fear either . 
 they 're not like doc . 
 they wo n't be patient and understanding about it . 
 to my vast relief , jael cracks a torch-tube , and the sickly yellow-green light sizzles into existence , dispelling the hungry shadows to a greater distance . 
 they 're not gone entirely , but i can breathe now despite the heavy stone that entombs us . 
 my palms feel sweaty , but i 'll deal . 
 we do n't have any psi with us to reveal how much bravado factors into my facade . 
 i tell myself that 's a good thing as i fall in behind vel . 
 the merc leads the way , weapons in hand . 
 jael wields a shockstick in one , a sonicblade in the other , and looks as though he 'll be lethal in a fight . 
 i 'm overly conscious of our breathing , the scrape of our boots against the rock floor . 
 i do n't know how far we 've come . 
 i just watch vel 's back and put one foot in front of the other . 
 the bounty hunter monitors our twists and turns . 
 if anyone can get us out of this , he can . 
 he 's my miracle man . 
 despite doc 's assurances , i fear that the teras might have found a way in . 
 who knows how they burrow ? 
 if they turn their claws to it , i bet they could tear through the cave walls and into the warren leading to the bunker . 
 maybe that 's what drives the mccullough retreat . 
 as soon as they get clear , they 'll send the teras in somehow . 
 i shudder , thinking along those lines . 
 i remember all too well how their wings sounded swarming around me in the night , the screams of the dying , and the grotesque sight of bloodied body parts arcing into the wind , devoured in an invisible monstrous feast . 
 i 'm so busy reliving old nightmares that i do n't know we 've got company until dina shouts . 
 the disruptor in her hand flashes with a wild shine , and someone screams in agony . 
 wherever she hit him will be raw meat , flesh scrambled inside out . 
 unless she hit him in the heart or the head , shock will kill him , not the injury itself . 
 as we get nearer , i see five mccullough scouts , red-eyed and rough . 
 dina has already dropped one , and she stays near the back , waiting for the weapon to cycle back up for another shot . 
 the other three leap into the fray with a ferocity that steals my breath . 
 i pause , whip out my own shockstick , and assume the position in front of dina . 
 if anyone gets through our first line , i 'm not letting them get to her . 
 i hear her snort at my protective position , but she does n't protest . 
 our new pilot wades in with her bare hands , assuming a fighting crouch that tells me she 's had extensive hand-to-hand training . 
 she validates her nickname by dodging a sloppy lunge and lays her first opponent out with an open-hand blow to his brow . 
 he goes down like a stone . 
 i 'm amused when she flashes me a grin . 
 `` i was n't bragging , y ' know . '' 
 vel carries hooked blades that he uses as an extension of his hands . 
 watching him fight , i realize they 're intended to substitute for his hidden claws . 
 beside him , jael spins like a dervish ; he 's all offense , all insane fury . 
 he does n't bother trying to protect himself , but then , i know why . 
 one of the mcculloughs dodges past , evidently thinking he 'll use dina as a hostage . 
 i know what he figures . 
 i 'm small , weak . 
 i 'm no threat at all . 
 well , the enforced rest has done me good , and after losing march , i feel like a fight . 
 `` you should run , '' i tell him with a feral grin . 
 i 'm sirantha jax , and i have had enough . 
 * * * chapter 34 the close confines of the tunnel favor the quick . 
 l dodge a jab and wind to deliver a stinging blow to his right arm . 
 i know from experience , he 'll feel numb from the shoulder down for at least an hour . 
 these mcculloughs are n't as big as gunnar lugs , but they 're faster by comparison , and desperation lends them strength . 
 they know if they do n't kill us , they do n't leave here alive . 
 no prisoners , no exceptions . 
 `` i 'm gon na break your neck , bitch . '' 
 his breath reeks from two paces away . 
 they must 've been down here a long time . 
 `` and then i 'll do your crippled friend . '' 
 `` you 'll need two good hands for that . '' 
 i toss the shockstick between my hands , distracting him from dina . 
 the weapon hums with the motion , providing a bass beat for the symphony of grunts and groans . 
 he lunges at me , probably trying to work a lock . 
 i whirl away , never taking my eyes off him , but he manages to sink a fist into my side . 
 the breath wheezes out of me . 
 i take a moment to be grateful he did n't stress any of my bones , and then he bull-rushes , slams me into the wall . 
 pain sparks down my spine . 
 i 'm slower than i used to be , and he 's like a mad beast . 
 in retaliation , i drive all my weight onto his foot . 
 when he winces , i go for his eyes . 
 there 's a soft squish , and he screams like men should n't , all upper register and pure anguish . 
 i shudder , but do n't hesitate to follow up with a shockstick upside his head . 
 then he falls , a dull , heavy sound . 
 dina holds her fire , too risky now that our bodies are between her and the enemy . 
 i 'm glad she does n't want to rearrange our molecules . 
 shaking , i wipe my fingers on my pants . 
 i can smell the blood , a sweet , coppery tang . 
 if i can , the teras can . 
 i try to strangle the thought , but it takes root like a poisonous vine . 
 `` thanks , '' dina mutters . 
 `` you know when i get off this thing , i 'm gon na repay you for that . '' 
 i do n't comment , though i hope she 'll regain full use of her leg . 
 doc set her up with an immuno-implant to keep her from rejecting the new limb . 
 he also prescribed a strict regimen of exercises . 
 she 's limped a step or two on her own , but the days when she stomps around like she used to are a long way off . 
 the other three fight with a grace that calls to mind a brutal piece of choreography . 
 i 'm afraid i 'd just get in the way , so i continue to guard dina while nursing my sore back . 
 once all the mcculloughs hit the ground , jael kneels and cuts their throats with a murderous efficiency that makes me look away . 
 his pale eyes glitter in the torch-tube 's citrine glow . 
 `` i do n't want them on our backtrail , '' he says briefly . 
 `` noted . '' 
 i maneuver past the bodies . 
 stepping over sends a shock all the way down my legs . 
 i wonder if i 've dislocated something . 
 it occurs to me that , thus far , my role as ambassador has n't been as cushy as one might expect . 
 dina whirs forward on her sled , and vel takes point again . 
 he glances back long enough to ask , `` everyone all right ? '' 
 `` could n't be better . '' 
 yes , i exaggerate . 
 `` fine , '' hit answers with a smile . 
 `` but the smell is nasty . 
 let 's get on . '' 
 nobody else seems to notice that a long slash on jael 's arm has now closed itself up . 
 his blood-soaked clothing offers camouflage as well . 
 with everything happening at once and the uncertain light , it 's easy to miss , or to think you were mistaken . 
 i know better . 
 my bodyguard falls in behind me , serving as rear guard . 
 `` thanks , '' he murmurs , low . 
 `` most of this crew does n't know anything about me , and i 'd like to keep it that way . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` we all have shit we 'd rather did n't come to light . 
 in your case , though , jael , you did n't do anything . 
 you did n't ask for any of this . '' 
 `` that has n't stopped people trying to kill me just to see how long it 'll take for me to die , '' he returns . 
 `` and let 's not even get started with the zealots . '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 i push down the raw grief clawing at me , trying to compartmentalize . 
 at this moment i need another jax , one who 's tough and capable , but she wo n't manifest . 
 i ca n't banish this loss as i have so many others . 
 march got to me the way nobody ever has , burrowed beneath my skin in a way that i do n't think i 'll ever get over him . 
 and i 've lost enough people to know . 
 glenna , my best friend from the academy , burned out faster than most . 
 she was twenty-three when she died . 
 i said some empty words at her service , took some mental-health days , and drank myself stupid in some scroungy spaceport bar . 
 and i have n't thought about her in ten turns . 
 odd that her memory would surface here , now . 
 i shake off the melancholy , noticing that the tunnels seem to be sloping up . 
 at first i 'm not sure because it 's subtle , but as we go along , i decide the bounty hunter 's leading us in the right direction . 
 the new pilot sticks close to vel , shadowing him as he guides us around corners . 
 his handheld feeds him data he does n't bother sharing . 
 we only need to know about bad news coming at us . 
 so much stone . 
 the ceilings are barely tall enough for hit to pass without stooping . 
 she 's easily as tall as jael . 
 i draw my fingers along the walls as we move , listening for the telltale sound of wings . 
 instead i feel a gust of air , which should n't exist down here . 
 a draft can mean only one thing . 
 i pause , spin , and then tilt my head back . 
 in the darkness i can barely make out a ragged hole above our heads . 
 the broken stone does n't look as though the gunnars included this in their original construction either . 
 dread crawls over me like maggots from an old corpse . 
 `` shit . '' 
 my worst fear , realized . 
 everyone glances back at jael and me . 
 since he 's right beside me , he catches on first . 
 the merc tips his head back , and asks , `` how close are we to the surface ? '' 
 vel taps on his handheld . 
 `` in a direct vertical line , or as the tunnels run ? '' 
 in running a hand through his hair , jael reveals his impatience with vel 's precision . 
 `` as the tunnels run , unless you can take us straight up this shaft . '' 
 even assuming her sled had that much lift , dina could n't clear the opening , so i take that for a rhetorical question . 
 i ca n't imagine how she feels , if she 's put the pieces together . 
 these monsters i 'm so scared of , they ate part of her . 
 i do n't know how she is n't one giant ball of terror . 
 hit taps a booted foot gently , as if she thinks we 're wasting time with all this jawing . 
 maybe she has a point . 
 the longer we stand around down here , the more chance they 'll find us . 
 `` nearly two kilometers , '' the bounty hunter answers at last . 
 `` but it winds around , so it will take twice as long as a straight hike . '' 
 `` we have to assume the tunnels ahead are infested , '' dina says flatly . 
 `` vel , can you get a message back to camp ? 
 they need to know the bunker 's not as safe as they thought . 
 with the wounded , the teras will find them sooner or later . '' 
 my imagination supplies the details . 
 death exploding into an unsuspecting camp with claws and fangs . 
 rending , devouring-i have to shut down the images ; they come too quick and violent for me to bear . 
 if they get to keri , lex , and ... march . 
 then the mcculloughs win . 
 and i lose everything . 
 `` i can try . '' 
 vel punches keys , shifting this way and that . 
 `` try under here . '' 
 i step back , making room beneath the hole in the ceiling . 
 maybe that will be enough . 
 if he ca n't , we 'll have to go back . 
 make our last stand with them . 
 the others watch him with varying degrees of tension . 
 i 'm not alone in how badly i want off this desolate rock . 
 `` done , '' he says , after an interminable moment . 
 `` dr. solaith should see the warning soon . 
 i hope it gives them time to prepare . '' 
 we all heave a collective sigh . 
 part of me feels it is n't enough . 
 i want to turn and run back down the dark stone passage toward march . 
 it will drive me nuts , not knowing what happens here after we go . 
 i ache . 
 only the fact that he made his choice prevents me from doing just that . 
 well , that and my secret , shameful fear of the dark . 
 but march made it clear we 're on diverging paths , and only time will tell whether that 's always going to be the case . 
 i do n't have enough faith left in me to believe , but i curl my hand into a fist , fingering the cheap ring he gave me . 
 ahead of us lies probable death and dismemberment . 
 behind us lies an encampment of weary , beleaguered clansmen with a war to fight . 
 talk about a rock and a hard place . 
 two kilometers between us and daylight . 
 i wonder if the dead we left behind will draw them , all hunger and keening sonic rage . 
 fighting teras underground sounds like suicide . 
 fuck that . 
 if i meant to take that route , i 'd have chosen an easy death . 
 made my appointment with a psych , and then visited a clean , safe eutha-booth . 
 i sigh . 
 `` so what the hell do we do now ? '' 
 hit 's teeth shine in the dark . 
 `` we kill the muthafuckers , one and all . '' 
 easier said than done . 
 * * * chapter 35 my heart thuds in my ears . 
 i 'm conscious of each footfall , each scrape against stone . 
 we try to move as a unit , permitting no space between us , but the soft hum from dina 's sled echoes down the corridors . 
 can the teras detect vibrations ? 
 each meter feels like a kilometer since i expect at any moment to hear the terrifying sound of wings . 
 `` the passage will not permit them to swarm us , '' vel says . 
 he 's right . 
 we ca n't even pass two abreast , and from what i recall , the teras have a two-meter wingspan . 
 so vel will bear the brunt of a first attack . 
 perhaps his faux-human skill will shield him somewhat . 
 that 's no guarantee he 'll survive , however , if they rend him limb from limb . 
 i wonder how his unique body chemistry will affect the monsters . 
 i ca n't ask , though . 
 `` can that thing detect movement ? '' 
 i nod at his handheld . 
 `` ordinarily . 
 the rock interferes somewhat with the readings , however . '' 
 dina glances back at me over the rim of her sled . 
 her eyes glow with an odd radiance , echoes of the torch-tube . 
 when she turns back , the light paints her fair hair with oily green streaks . 
 `` if it comes down to it , '' she tells me , low . 
 `` if it 's life and death and i 'm slowing you down , you leave me , jax . 
 they already had a taste of me , so they may as well have the rest . '' 
 a chill shivers through me . 
 i remember loras on his belly , shoving march toward me . 
 i recognize self-sacrifice . 
 i 'll be damned if it happens again . 
 `` no . 
 we 're not leaving anyone behind . '' 
 not this time . 
 `` we 'll find a way to fight them . '' 
 `` better hurry , '' hit says , jerking her head at the red blurs on vel 's data screen . 
 `` we got two , just around the corner . '' 
 `` we have a way , '' jael says , pushing past me . 
 `` jax , stay back , and keep the other two safe . '' 
 the pilot glares at his back . 
 `` you think i need your protection ? 
 i killed one of those monsters topside with nothing but a knife . 
 i just need a ride . '' 
 `` then you guard jax and dina , '' comes his response . 
 `` you ready , vel ? '' 
 the bounty hunter responds by tossing a weapon to jael . 
 they take up a position just around the corner , and i shudder , barely registering a keen of pure hunger from the beasts . 
 i remember the way their song nearly killed poor loras . 
 a burst of orange lightning zags from their hands , igniting the very air before them . 
 the teras ' camouflage fails under such duress , and for an instant , i watch their silhouettes inside the pocket inferno , watch them writhe . 
 heat washes over me . 
 fearing an explosion , i hit the floor , and dina guides her sled over me . 
 i appreciate the gesture ; even now she 's got my back . 
 when i 'm greeted by the stench of sizzling meat , i chance a peek . 
 hit stands her ground , watching the monsters burn . 
 jael and vel have designed something that propels an incendiary cloud . 
 `` we will burn a path out . '' 
 vel holsters the oddly shaped weapon . 
 `` they can not swarm us in the tunnels , and if we move cautiously , they will not detect us easily . 
 i believe they utilize sonar to locate their prey . '' 
 i ca n't be the only one thinking this . 
 `` will their screams draw others ? '' 
 the bounty hunter 's answer drifts back to me over the hiss of smoldering flesh . 
 `` it is possible . '' 
 `` then they can just line up to die , '' jael says . 
 `` i 'm so tired of this planet . '' 
 `` that makes two of us . 
 any chance you made a spare ? '' 
 with a nod , hit indicates the weapon in his hand . 
 `` only these . 
 sorry . 
 we can take turns if you prefer . '' 
 trust vel to be scrupulously fair about who gets to barbecue the horrible things . 
 personally , i do n't care . 
 i 've seen what they can do ; so has dina . 
 i suspect she and i are content to watch the action from a safe distance this time . 
 after checking his handheld , vel maneuvers past the smoking pile with a precision that once again reveals his inhuman nature , once you know what you 're looking for . 
 he waves us on . 
 the smell damn near makes me sick . 
 there 's no climate control down here , no ventilation , and the smell of charred meat flashes me dangerously close to the sargasso . 
 by itself , the dark was bad enough . 
 add this stench to it , and i struggle to stay in the here and now . 
 i grit my teeth until pain shoots up my jaw to my temple . 
 i wo n't lose it . 
 i 'm stronger than that . 
 march would 've known how bad this is for me . 
 i could 've counted on a touch on the shoulder , a reassuring nod . 
 so would doc , for that matter . 
 but those days are gone . 
 and i have to deal with what is , not what was . 
 story of my life . 
 `` watch your step . '' 
 jael guides us around the corpses . 
 dina slaps at him , which improves my mood somewhat . 
 i 'm not sure she 's all right with the battlefield medicine that went into saving her life , but we do n't have a psych on hand . 
 just as well , most of them are crazy bastards . 
 after all , look what they did to me in the name of mental health . 
 when we get out of here , i 'll fix her the jax way : loads of liquor and some pretty girls . 
 vel leads us out of that hallway and into the next turn . 
 it 's a maze , and i 'm hopelessly lost , just as i was when doc found our way in . 
 dirtside , i have no sense of direction , something kai loved teasing me about . 
 when i got lost at the gehenna starport market , he never let me live it down . 
 oddly , thinking about him takes my mind off march . 
 an older loss does n't sting as much . 
 the memories offer some comfort and distraction as we creep along , slaves to vel 's handheld . 
 listening for the rasp of talons and claws against the rock . 
 a dragging sound or a leathery flap of wings . 
 sonic shrieks echo in the distance , making the hair on the back of my neck stand on end . 
 my n ** ples perk from the chills running over me steadily , like i have a fever . 
 but i do n't think fear counts as an illness . 
 they 're here with us . 
 hunting . 
 coming closer , each turn we make . 
 mary help us , will i never see the sky again ? 
 in jael 's hand the torch-tube starts to flicker , casting odd shadows along the floor , and then it winks out . 
 at first i 'm just blind ; it 's like that long moment after i jack in , but before we jump . 
 and then the walls kindle with their own light , a pale , ethereal twinkle that reminds me of the stars . 
 `` the stone is full of phosphorus , '' vel says in a hushed tone . 
 once my eyes adjust , it 's better than the tubes , more pervasive . 
 i feel less like we 're scuttling along in the oily dark , huddled in our tiny isle of illumination . 
 it also smells fresher now that we 've moved away from the funeral pyre . 
 `` does that mean something ? '' 
 hit asks him . 
 vel lifts his shoulders . 
 `` probably . 
 but i lack the time for extended study . '' 
 `` no shit . 
 you remind me of doc sometimes . '' 
 dina sounds more herself , less the sacrificial lamb . 
 `` i will take that as a compliment . '' 
 `` it was n't meant as one , '' she mutters . 
 ahead of dina , hit smothers a chuckle . 
 `` should we leave you two alone ? '' 
 now i laugh . 
 i sense more than see the puzzled look the pilot casts over her shoulder at me , so i explain , `` dina does n't like men , and vel , well ... '' as a slider , he can grow human skin to pass among us , concealing his mantis form . 
 but i 'm not going to out him since hit has n't seen him au naturel . 
 no more than i 'll tell her about jael being bred . 
 like i told him before , we all have our secrets . 
 vel surprises me by finishing the sentence with a flicker of that dry sense of humor that occasionally rears its head . 
 `` let us say she is not my type . '' 
 for the first time , i wonder what that would be . 
 he said he left ithiss-tor because sexual relations between his people sometimes became deadly . 
 so that means he 's been alone this whole time ? 
 not that it 's any of my business . 
 on some level , i 'm aware i 'm losing myself in these inane speculations in order to distract myself from the soul-scouring fear engendered by the echoing shrieks . 
 the teras sound so goddamn close now ; they should be on vel 's screen . 
 two red signatures blossom on his handheld , dead ahead . 
 then two more , except they are n't where they 're supposed to be . 
 the ceiling above us shakes , disintegrates like the dry dirt of an insect hive . 
 crumbles down on us in great clods that shimmer with the eerie light . 
 i ca n't see them , but i can hear them overhead , claws working . 
 their terrible keens reverberate inside my skull , making me feel like my brains will bleed out my nose . 
 `` behind ! '' 
 hit yells . 
 and then they come at us from both sides in a terrible rush . 
 * * * chapter 36 jael spins and fires , a ruddy orange cone jetting from his weapon . 
 ahead of us , vel takes the ones coming down the corridor in front . 
 then we 're trapped . 
 burning on both sides , like standing in the middle of a charnel house and praying you do n't catch , too . 
 i shake all over . 
 shrill cries of rage echo through the tunnels . 
 the smell seems to enrage the ones trying to get at us from above , but the opening is n't quite big enough yet . 
 claws rasping , they make a hole like the one i saw half a kilometer back . 
 hit eyes the ones above and then leaps . 
 her knife shimmers in a silver arc as she stabs at ... nothing . 
 but somehow she hits . 
 the tera screams in agony . 
 when she severs the claw , it drops in a spatter of green fluid and lies visible on the softly glowing stone floor , opening and closing as the nerve endings die . 
 apparently the smell of blood , any blood , maddens them . 
 because overhead , an ominous thump and another scream says the monsters have turned on each other . 
 `` move ! '' 
 vel shouts . 
 agreed . 
 we do n't want to be here when the ceiling gives way entirely . 
 ahead , the two teras still twist and char , inky black smoke roiling from their putrid flesh . 
 `` dive and roll , '' jael adds . 
 `` apart from dina of course . 
 you should have enough lift to get past them . 
 if your clothing catches , do n't panic . '' 
 easy for him to say . 
 he does n't have burn scars . 
 the bounty hunter leaps past with a well-timed spring , hits the stone floor with his hands , and tucks into a neat roll . 
 hit follows suit with a natural grace that suggests she 'd be dangerous on the dance floor , too . 
 cursing , dina maneuvers until she can glide by . 
 in its death throes , one of the creatures sends her careening into the tunnel wall . 
 she skids in a shower of sparks to the end of the corridor , where hit stops the sled with a boot . 
 `` i 've seen better flying from a drunk aircab driver . '' 
 occupied with stabilizing the sled , dina mutters , `` bite me , '' in lieu of a more creative comeback . 
 the pilot grins . 
 `` i just might . '' 
 dina 's head comes up , her face pale . 
 but before i hear what she says , jael gives me a shove from behind . 
 `` get moving , jax . '' 
 as if to punctuate his words , a huge chunk of rock crashes to the floor just in front of me . 
 the fight going on overhead sounds savage . 
 terrifying . 
 five meters above , they 're devouring each other alive and shattering stone in the process . 
 but i ca n't . 
 there 's actual fire curling from the sizzling meat . 
 he 's lucky i have n't puked all over his boots . 
 `` jael , '' i begin shakily . 
 `` oh , for mary 's sake , '' he bites out . 
 `` it 's a good thing you do n't weigh much . '' 
 `` wha - '' `` vel ! 
 think fast . '' 
 and then i 'm launched , sailing toward the bounty hunter . 
 everything blurs as i tumble , crash into him , and go down . 
 jael lands on top of me in an ungainly pile . 
 i suspect he may have cracked my rib with his knee , but before i can bitch about that , the tunnel collapses in a great mound of rubble and dust . 
 there 's no going back now . 
 i could n't get to march even if i wanted to . 
 mary , i hope the warning came in time . 
 three more red shapes appear on vel 's handheld . 
 and lucky us-they 're on our side of the block . 
 hit nudges dina farther down the new passage as jael shoves my head down . 
 vel fires over the top of us , lighting the closest one . 
 they 're not smart , these teras , because they try to push past , and then shriek as they 're burned . 
 we see their flesh where it chars . 
 it 's odd , like a tear in consensual reality : seeing a shadow suddenly flare into full view through a tendril of licking flame . 
 jael fires twice more in quick succession , engulfing all three of them . 
 in narrow tunnels where we control our movements , these monsters are vulnerable . 
 first they ca n't spot us easily , and then they 're alight . 
 when we reach the surface , it will be a different hunt for them . 
 `` halfway there , '' vel says as we get our breath . 
 he sets me on my feet . 
 `` anything broken ? '' 
 i wince and rub my side . 
 `` not sure . 
 but i 'm ambulatory , do n't worry . '' 
 `` you better be , '' dina says . 
 `` you 're not hitching a ride . '' 
 flicking a look at jael , i ignore her for the time being . 
 `` you really believe in tough love , '' i mutter , sotto voce . 
 it 's a throwaway complaint . 
 i 've made thousands of them in my life . 
 in fact , i should be thanking him for saving my ass . 
 `` i do n't believe in love at all , '' he returns , equally quiet . 
 `` it 's just a name people give the endorphins that spring up after some really hot f ** king , and the justification they use to manipulate the shit out of each other afterward . 
 now move your ass . 
 i want to see starlight sometime soon . '' 
 `` is it nightfall ? '' 
 hit asks . 
 `` i 've lost track of time down here . '' 
 she 's right . 
 i do n't even know what time we left the camp or how many days we were down there . 
 without a sunrise to help mark its passage or a ship 's computer to keep track for me , i have no more sense of time than i do direction . 
 `` there are four hours left until daybreak , '' vel advises us , after some tapping on his handheld . 
 `` how long will this last kilometer take ? '' 
 dina wants to know . 
 i 'm glad she asked because now i do n't have to . 
 my shoulder aches from hauling my pack . 
 i hope 245 is okay in there . 
 after vel snatched me in maha city , she asked me to install her in a droid body . 
 she did n't enjoy watching what happened without being able to impact events , which means i was right about her ai chip . 
 since we 've been together , she 's evolved from her original function , and i now consider her a friend . 
 as a bonus , she 'll also prove invaluable as an aide . 
 if i upgrade her , she can function as my assistant on ithiss-tor , too . 
 she 'll coach me on customs and etiquette with a precision no human aide could match . 
 so once we 're out of here , i 'll see about buying her a body from pretty robotics . 
 when i have cred , that is . 
 of course i could take jael 's advice and charge it to chancellor tarn . 
 he would n't quibble over a personal aide , would he ? 
 never mind that i could hire a human one much cheaper than i could requisition a suitable frame for 245 . 
 my internal monologue keeps me sane . 
 i manage to filter out the distant stench of acrid smoke that 's burning our oxygen . 
 block out the tons of stone that make me feel like i 've been buried alive . 
 mary , i have so many hang-ups . 
 if i was n't scared of them , too , i 'd see a psych about it . 
 people would laugh their asses off if they knew how much of my tough act comes from pure pretense . 
 during our plodding progress , vel checks and double-checks to make sure there are no deadly surprises lurking around each turn . 
 i keep my eyes on dina 's sled . 
 it has a series of lights along the bottom , giving a faint glow that frosts the metal . 
 the others watch the tiny screen on vel 's handheld . 
 we 're slaves to it . 
 i 'm aware that the tiniest mechanical malfunction could cost our lives . 
 and technology has a tendency to break down around me for no apparent reason . 
 i remember the busted phase drive we suffered on the folly , just after we reached marakeq . 
 from what dina said , there was no logical reason for it . 
 and that kind of thing happens to me all the time . 
 when our skimmer exploded , i thought that might 've been me , too , until i learned otherwise . 
 for like the fifth time , jael asks , `` anything ? '' 
 until even vel loses patience with him . 
 `` have i failed even once to alert you if there was ? '' 
 damn . 
 that 's vel-speak for , will you please shut the f ** k up already ? 
 i do n't think anyone 's ever managed to get on the bounty hunter 's nerves before . 
 to my knowledge , he 's the king of cool . 
 i do n't know whether jael should be praised or pitied for this accomplishment . 
 `` no , '' the merc says grudgingly . 
 `` sorry . 
 the quiet 's just making me nervous . '' 
 `` it 's like the eye of the storm , '' hit agrees . 
 `` you can sense something 's coming , feel it prickling over your skin , but you do n't know what until it explodes in your face . '' 
 to my surprise dina laughs . 
 might be the first time i 've heard her do so since the attack that maimed her . 
 `` i think i like you . '' 
 hit flicks a look over one shoulder . 
 `` you flirting with me ? '' 
 `` would you like me to be ? '' 
 dina actually tosses back her hair . 
 `` that depends on your intentions . '' 
 damn , but the woman put some heat into that . 
 i even felt it , and i 've never hit on a woman when i was n't drunk . 
 `` is it dirty that this turns me on ? '' 
 jael asks nobody in particular . 
 `` yes , '' vel answers , without looking away from the device that 's saved our lives . 
 i ca n't fault him for that . 
 i 'm also impressed with his coordination ; i 'd have walked into several walls by now . 
 `` ahead , it looks like the incline to the surface . '' 
 as if in answer , a cool , fresh wind blows down over us . 
 `` what are we waiting for ? '' 
 hit demands . 
 `` let 's get the hell out of here ! '' 
 * * * chapter 37 there 's an actual door at the top of the slope , a solid metal one meant to keep stuff out . 
 i hope it 's well camouflaged on the other side . 
 we pause here , with freedom on the other side of the door . 
 we 'll have to navigate the lock to get out , but one thing at a time . 
 at this point , preparation is key . 
 `` is anyone bleeding ? '' 
 jael asks . 
 `` check carefully . 
 i have some liquid skin if you are . 
 we need to seal you up . '' 
 everyone conducts an inspection , and we find minor scrapes here and there . 
 the merc oversees the application of the liquid skin , making sure we 're ready to go out in the wind . 
 dina 's fingers are raw from where she hit the wall . 
 i find a scratch on my elbow . 
 hell , i 'm lucky it 's not worse , the way jael hurled me like a javelin . 
 i 'm not particularly aerodynamic . 
 `` this might sting a little , '' jael murmurs . 
 why is he smiling ? 
 i hiss as he squirts my elbow , and i feel the sealant bond with my existing skin . 
 best bandage in a bottle that credits can buy . 
 `` everyone good ? '' 
 lofting the liquid skin , jael checks us all one last time . 
 `` i 'm hungry , and i 'm sick of your face , '' dina bitches beneath her breath . 
 loud enough for everyone to hear . 
 jael really is n't the guy i thought , because he surprises me with a sharp laugh . 
 `` i 'm sure that goes for everybody else , too . 
 but let 's break out the paste . 
 you make a good point . 
 we do n't know just how far we 'll have to hike to steal a ship . '' 
 `` what do you mean you do n't know ? '' 
 hit jabs the merc in the chest with both index fingers . 
 i wince in sympathy , but he does n't seem to feel it . 
 `` i thought you and the professor over here had things planned down to the last millimeter . '' 
 `` i can not take topography readings underground , '' vel explains in a deceptively mild tone . 
 `` but we will make for the nearest public hangar . 
 if it comes to it , we can stay there until the conglomerate dispatches a ship . 
 there will be rudimentary amenities available . '' 
 `` hit . '' 
 dina puts a hand on the other woman 's arm briefly . 
 `` cool down . 
 shit , if i 'm willing to risk it with a bum leg , you can be sure these guys know what they 're doing . 
 'cause i do n't even like 'em . 
 especially her . '' 
 now that 's the dina i know and love . 
 mary , i 'm glad to see a spark . 
 i flash her a broad grin . 
 `` right back at you , bitch . '' 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 but the pilot does step back , looking perceptibly calmer . 
 then we enjoy a meal of nutri-paste . 
 it 's been so long since i had real food that my teeth feel like they 're getting soft . 
 maybe you can live forever off this stuff as the manufacturer claims , but i 'm starting to think i 'd rather die . 
 i daydream about fresh fruits and vegetables , drizzled with a sweet tangy sauce . 
 maybe some strong white cheese , just a bit smoky . 
 oooh , and hot bread , crisp on the outside and tender on the inside , brushed with a hint of butter . 
 `` close your mouth , '' jael whispers . 
 `` you 're drooling . 
 if you 're not careful , people will realize you 're thinking about me nak * d. '' `` only if you have a warm baguette and a crock of butter in your hands , '' i return darkly . 
 he grins at me . 
 `` that can be arranged . '' 
 `` i hate you . '' 
 i suck down the rest of my paste , quietly stewing because he destroyed the food fantasy that made this goop tolerable . 
 vel clears his throat with a look that manages to be vaguely disapproving . 
 what ? 
 i did n't do anything . 
 `` next ... we need this . '' 
 the bounty hunter tosses me a tube of thermud , and i eye it with dislike . 
 merc grunts swear by this stuff , but surely we do n't - oh , frag . 
 of course we do . 
 we 're about to emerge from a bunker in the middle of two clans at war . 
 i smear the stuff on without protest . 
 hit , on the other hand , looks at vel like she thinks he 's crazy . 
 `` i 'm already dark enough to blend in , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` not for high-tech , '' jael tells her . 
 `` this stuff scrambles your heat signature so it bleeds off into the ground . '' 
 `` making thermal goggles useless . '' 
 she takes the tube from me and covers all her exposed skin . 
 dina uses it next , but i can tell by her expression she thinks it 's a waste of time . 
 her sled is pretty damn conspicuous . 
 but we can only do so much to stack the deck in our favor-got to leave the rest to chance . 
 too bad lady luck 's so often a bitch . 
 watching jael daub himself , i can definitely tell he 's used it before . 
 his hands practically blur in the speed of the motions . 
 `` we all set ? '' 
 `` how come he does n't have to use it ? '' 
 hit jerks her head toward vel . 
 who manages an approximation of a smile . 
 he 's getting better at pretending to be human . 
 `` because i am special , of course . '' 
 he ignores her pissed-off exclamation as he goes to work on the electronic lock . 
 right now the display shows red . 
 if it requires a ret-scan or a handprint , we are utterly screwed . 
 or not . 
 vel slips on a clear synthetic glove , pulls the tips tight , and lays his palm on the panel . 
 the ai intones , `` thank you , dr. solaith . 
 clearance granted . '' 
 the light flashes green , and the heavy door swings wide . 
 that hint of a breeze we 've been feeling for a while turns into a gust . 
 i drink it in without minding the chill racing over me . 
 it 's still winter , a lot of darkness and short daylight hours . 
 `` he was kind enough to let me borrow his fingerprints before we left , '' vel says as he steps out . 
 tentatively , we follow suit , single file , coming up against what seems to be a rockslide . 
 we sidle past the narrow gap , and for a moment , i 'm afraid dina will have to leave the sled . 
 i do n't know how the hell we 'll carry her . 
 without a word , she straps herself in , lowers the back so she 's fully horizontal . 
 she tests the strength of her belts and then flips to vertical . 
 her fingers seem sure on the buttons . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' she says , when hit tries to help guide the sled . 
 `` i got this . '' 
 now and then she scrapes the stone , throwing sparks , but she manages . 
 i admire her so damn much . 
 but her face is taut with tension by the time we step out onto the hillside . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i step closer as she switches the sled back to chair configuration . 
 `` i got ta get out of this thing , '' she tells me , jaw set . 
 `` or i 'll kill somebody . '' 
 `` you will , '' i promise . 
 `` get out of it , i mean . 
 i 'll help . 
 the killing probably depends on how much they piss you off . '' 
 i want to say more , but this is n't the time . 
 we need to move . 
 for just a moment , though , i tip my head back , glorying in the icy stars . 
 from this higher vantage , i see that the clansmen piled those rocks before the opening to make it look like a natural formation . 
 they did a good job concealing their escape route ; i 'll give them that . 
 but it 's not as impregnable as they thought . 
 it 's compromised now , full of dying mcculloughs and hungry monsters . 
 mary , i hope march makes it out of there . 
 i touch the ring on my finger out of superstition , faith , or some awkward marriage between the two . 
 in an effort to push back the pain trying to drown me , i suck in several deep , gulping breaths of cold air . 
 he 's my pilot , and i have to fly without him soon . 
 jumpers are n't made for this . 
 i expected to emerge amid the wreckage of the gunnar-dahlgren compound , but we 've surfaced well away from there . 
 no broken machinery , no rubble . 
 no signs of bombardment . 
 there are just barren hills , riddled with signs of the honeycomb caverns that house the teras . 
 the open worries me more than the tunnels . 
 down there we could control the approach , limit how many could get at us . 
 up here we 're free targets , dinner afoot . 
 `` no running , '' vel cautions again . 
 `` we have no way of knowing how the teras interpret rapid footfalls or how far sound travels through the caverns . '' 
 `` do our best to step lightly , '' i say . 
 `` check . '' 
 the bounty hunter pauses a moment to check the readings , and then adds , `` this way . 
 we need to get as far from here as we can before daylight . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i ask before hit gets the chance , and she acknowledges it with a grin . 
 i really like her . 
 she 's competent , confident , and does n't accept things at face value . 
 if it was n't for the fact that i 'm missing march like a lost limb-glad i did n't say that aloud , or dina would hurt me-i 'd even be glad to have hit as my new pilot . 
 i 'm just not ready to make her part of me . 
 but when am i ever ? 
 `` because there 's a storm coming . '' 
 vel flashes his handheld . 
 the merc sighs . 
 `` looks like a lot of snow . 
 we do n't have nearly enough survival gear to handle that . 
 we need to find a ship and fast . 
 all right , people , forced march , double time . '' 
 we fall in behind vel in twos , dina and hit , then jael and me . 
 i hate how he wo n't leave my side now , as if trying to make up for his prior lack of vigilance . 
 i 'm too tired to care at this point or work up any rancor . 
 i just wish he 'd leave me alone . 
 `` damn , it 's cold . '' 
 i do n't realize i 've spoken aloud until i see his smirk . 
 `` you should really keep a coat in that pack . '' 
 `` you should really f ** k off and die . '' 
 `` then who 'll save your ass when you panic over a bit of barbecue ? '' 
 i give the response my most withering tone . 
 `` the next monkey tarn hires . 
 see , that 's my gift . 
 being the last one standing . '' 
 `` if everyone you give a shit about is gone , sounds more like a curse . '' 
 * * * chapter 38 he gets it . 
 that startles me . 
 i do n't offer confirmation that he 's right , though . 
 i do n't want to talk . 
 but yeah , some days it does seem more like a curse , just like that guy from mythology who does n't die , who 's destined to wander and suffer . 
 but i ca n't sustain that level of mental melodrama . 
 pure physical discomfort edges out such self-pity . 
 i ca n't even find the energy to fret about working with hit , or how the next jump will affect my condition . 
 i know doc does n't want me to jump , but he should 've cut off my arm if he wanted to prevent me from jacking in . 
 nothing else will keep me from grimspace . 
 even now , the siren song makes me feel itchy with need . 
 the colors , the feeling that comes howling through me as my mind expands . 
 i need to be there like i need nothing else . 
 more than march even . 
 i 'm sure he knows that . 
 that 's what happens when you love a junkie . 
 as we walk , clouds blot out the shimmer of the stars overhead . 
 the storm vel predicted appears to be rolling in on schedule , and as the wind kicks up , it goes right through me . 
 you 'd think i 'd have remembered how cold it is here , though to be fair , i did n't realize i 'd never be returning to the ship . 
 i feel like a prisoner of war . 
 we ca n't stop moving , but i can barely put one foot in front of the other . 
 i hate this weakness . 
 though i feel better than i did on emry , i 'm a long way from full strength . 
 the others seem to be bearing up all right . 
 up ahead , i hear the low susurration of voices : dina and hit , getting to know each other . 
 as always , vel leads the way in silence . 
 though i count him among my closest friends , i do n't know much about him . 
 that 's not likely to change while we forge a desperate path through these hills . 
 up and down we climb , avoiding scout droids , mccullough patrols , and , of course , the teras , who will swarm and devour us if they catch our scent . 
 but between the liquid skin and thermud , we 've taken as many precautions against that outcome as we can . 
 my thighs and calves burn , taut as drawn wire . 
 add that to various aches , including a stabbing pain where jael landed on me , and i 'd give just about anything to lie down . 
 of course i suspect i 'd never get up again . 
 i did n't realize how soft i 'd gotten , but a jumper 's life is well padded . 
 `` you holding up all right ? '' 
 jael asks , well after i 've lost track of how long we 've been walking . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 i mumble . 
 i do n't see how we 'll be in any shape to steal a ship once we finally get there . 
 but we ca n't pitch camp in the open , and a cavern in these hills would be worse . 
 `` not really , '' he answers . 
 `` i 'm just making small talk . '' 
 `` i have a better idea . 
 no talk . 
 that 's been working like a charm for hours . '' 
 the bounty hunter glances back at me . 
 in this light , his faux-human skin looks a little mottled . 
 it 's probably time for him to slough it off and grow new , but he wo n't do that while he needs the insulation . 
 `` sirantha , it will serve no purpose if you become ill . '' 
 with an annoyed sound , he delves into his pack and fishes out a tissue-thin insulated suit , maybe the same one i wore on the teresengi basin . 
 it 's not that cold , but i scramble into it . 
 i hope my body heat , thus trapped , will warm me up soon . 
 i wince in anticipation because when the feeling returns , it 's going to hurt . 
 ahead , dina asks vel , `` how much farther ? '' 
 she is n't asking out of weariness or personal discomfort . 
 shit , now i know what the lights at the base of her sled mean . 
 they 've all dimmed but two . 
 if we do n't find a power source before that last light goes out , she 'll be stranded . 
 `` four kilometers due west from here , '' vel answers . 
 `` we 'll find a hangar . '' 
 like the one where we landed the first time instead of going directly to the compound . 
 they 're maintained by droids and bots , officially independent of clan allegiance . 
 merchant ships often put down there when they have to deliver supplies on planet to multiple stops ; it forestalls accusations of partisan dealings . 
 i nearly crack my jaw with a yawn . 
 four kilometers . 
 under optimum conditions in the training room , i ran that without breaking a sweat . 
 that was a long time , another lifetime , ago . 
 far be it for me to question the leadership that 's gotten us this far , but ... well , someone has to . 
 `` what if no ships are docked there ? '' 
 they do n't tend to stay long between dirtside deliveries anyway . 
 plus , the recent unrest on lachion will have made some merchant vessels reluctant to risk it . 
 things wo n't return to normal here for a while , though weapons vendors may try their luck . 
 they always do a brisk trade on nicuan . 
 `` why borrow trouble ? '' 
 jael shakes his head and sighs . 
 `` i never borrow it . 
 that implies it was n't mine to start with . '' 
 `` it 's a good question , '' hit puts in quietly . 
 `` and i 'd like it answered . '' 
 perhaps it 's simply the hollow hills , but in the silence that follows , the wind carries in a dolorous howl . 
 i imagine wild animals just beyond my line of sight , less terrible than the teras , but just as hungry . 
 how do the clans survive such a savage world , so far from city lights and the safety of space ? 
 `` i do not know , '' vel says at last . 
 by jael 's astonished look , he did n't expect that answer either . 
 we wait , hoping there 's more . 
 `` if nothing else , we will find a secure place to rest and bounce a message to new terra . 
 the mcculloughs can not attack us on neutral territory without breaching seven interstellar accords . '' 
 i do n't like the thought of waiting for rescue when anything can go wrong and usually does . 
 as if in response , the first delicate snowflakes drift down , stick and shimmer in hit 's dark hair . 
 she brushes them away and spins to see the white curtain coming down . 
 soon this winter loveliness will sting . 
 `` at least i 'll be able to charge this thing . '' 
 dina slaps the side of the sled and then tips her head back to study the sky . 
 `` but i think we need to pick up the pace . '' 
 `` got that right . '' 
 beside me , jael breaks into a jog that looks disgustingly effortless . 
 `` do n't fall behind , jax . '' 
 he should be exhausted by now , scruffy and unshaven . 
 instead he 's just bloodstained and dirty like the rest of us . 
 i do n't see weariness in his eyes , just a stupidly teasing light , like this is some big adventure . 
 well , maybe to him , it is . 
 maybe jael has endless reserves , thanks to his bred heritage . 
 i know he can heal from wounds that would kill anyone else . 
 as for me , i miss march , and i want a shower . 
 i would n't say no to some of the perks that an ambassador is reputed to receive . 
 thus far , i 've gotten nothing but murder attempts out of my time on the job . 
 with a scowl , i raise my knees and force myself to run . 
 each jolt over rocky ground sends a shock of pain down my side . 
 no problem . 
 i 'll just pretend this is the training room , and i 'm in peak form . 
 no injury , no illness . 
 shit , if i can do all that , why do n't i just wish us off this rock ? 
 when dina accelerates , the second-to-last light flickers and blinks out . 
 hope that single cell has enough juice to take her four kilometers . 
 vel does n't let her pass him , though . 
 he increases his own rate of movement to stay a meter ahead of us . 
 i do n't know how he monitors his handheld and keeps an eye on the horizon at the same time . 
 it must be an ithtorian gift because i would 've tripped over my own feet by now . 
 he keeps one eye on each object , something humans just ca n't do . 
 the snow falls heavier with each passing moment . 
 in a way it 's good because it 'll cover our tracks . 
 thanks to the thermud , that also means we 're five dark figures streaking over a white hillside and down into the valley . 
 nothing but open plains from here on out . 
 our `` camouflage '' makes us easier to spot , so i hope no mcculloughs lie between us and the hangar . 
 the snow stings , catching in my lashes and numbing the visible portion of my face . 
 though i 'm not the praying sort , i cycle certain thoughts in a mantra timed to my racing heart . 
 please let there be a ship . 
 please let us get there safely . 
 please let dina 's sled hold out . 
 whether i 'm entreating mother mary or lady luck herself , i could n't say . 
 i just know when the building looms up out of the storm , blocky and ugly as an old gehenna whore , i 've never been so glad to see anything in my life . 
 because i do n't think i can go another step . 
 * * * chapter 39 jael winds up carrying me the last two hundred meters . 
 i do n't even bitch about it , though i know he 'll never let me live it down . 
 no , i did n't ask for help , but i guess the part where i stumbled and fell on my face sort of clued him in . 
 he 's not an idiot , even if he 's beyond annoying . 
 because he knows the emergency protocols , vel keys us into the hangar . 
 the doors hiss open , hinting at the delicious warmth awaiting us within . 
 since our luck usually works that way , i expect a firing squad to be waiting for us , or maybe a random pack of morgut . 
 i peer around the place . 
 nothing so far . 
 after everything we 've gone through in this hellhole , it ca n't be so easy , can it ? 
 but maybe we 're due a break . 
 maybe . 
 like desperate pilgrims , we stumble inside . 
 hard light floods my eyes , a shocking change from the winter landscape . 
 i take quick stock of our surroundings : thick metal walls , high , open ceilings with fans and ducts in plain view . 
 apart from droids going about routine maintenance , the hangar is quiet . 
 there 's a ship . 
 a big one , too . 
 shiny and silver , it dominates the docking area . 
 if there 's anyone aboard , they 're likely asleep since we 've arrived just before dawn . 
 hopefully , the vessel belongs to some unsuspecting merchant who 's out in a land vehicle , innocently delivering spare parts . 
 maybe stuck in the snowstorm . 
 and i do n't give a shit about stranding him . 
 if things go poorly out there , he might not need his ship back after all . 
 but first we have to figure out how to steal it . 
 i do n't expect that 'll be instantaneous , because only a fool would outfit a fine cruiser like this and then not lock it up tight as a virgin 's legs . 
 the ai greets us politely as we cross the floor . 
 `` welcome to hangar 47-a . 
 it is unlawful to participate in aggressive activity in this space . 
 if you use projectile weapons , please activate the safety mechanisms now . 
 please remove power cells from items such as sonicblades and disruptors . 
 please stow all other dangerous devices . 
 if you refuse to comply , a peacemaker unit will be dispatched to your location , you will be neutralized , and we will conduct a thorough inspection of your belongings . 
 all contraband will be confiscated to fund the operation of hangar 47-a . 
 thank you for your cooperation . '' 
 i laugh softly because all i have is a shockstick . 
 i drop it into my backpack and i 'm done . 
 swaying on my feet , i watch the others scramble to deal with their weapons before we 're dubbed dangerous , and the droids react accordingly . 
 hit removes a ridiculous amount of armament from her person , cursing all the while . 
 small circular units hover nearby , monitoring our progress . 
 when we finish , the courteous , inhuman voice says , `` thank you . 
 please avail yourself of all public facilities until departure . '' 
 i 'm surprised it did n't ask us to visit the gift shop . 
 we did n't linger long in the hangar , the first time i visited , and i 'm starting to see why . 
 having everything so well orchestrated by machines makes me feel oddly extraneous . 
 `` is it me , or is there something spooky about being the only living things around here ? '' 
 hit asks , glancing around . 
 she rubs her hands up and down her arms , the first outward sign of nervousness i 've seen from her . 
 so the pilot does n't like droids . 
 interesting , considering that she 'll jack into the ship right next to me . 
 `` droids are more reliable than people , '' dina mutters . 
 her sled gives an ominous whine , and i start looking for a place she can recharge . 
 i point . 
 `` over there . 
 you can patch into that power station , i think . 
 might want to do it soon . '' 
 she gives a nod . 
 hit follows her , as if expecting the mechanic will need a hand . 
 i was going to , but it 's probably better if hit helps . 
 i 'm not sure i 'm strong enough . 
 to my vast delight , the climate control works just fine . 
 heat drifts down from the vents overhead , compensating for the weather . 
 my teeth chatter as i strip out of the insulated suit and return it to vel with a murmur of thanks . 
 he stashes it in his pack , conduit to all good things . 
 i 've lost count of how many times he 's saved my ass now . 
 at this point i should just hand over the deed . 
 or maybe tattoo it with property of velith il-nok . 
 that clinches it . 
 i 'm so f ** king tired i 'm losing my mind . 
 `` i need some time with the computer . '' 
 vel pitches his voice loud enough to reach the other two , working on the sled . 
 `` i can get the boarding codes and access the ship via remote , but i do not know how long that will take . 
 i recommend the rest of you get warmed up and have something to eat . 
 there should be a waiting area over there with basic amenities . '' 
 he inclines his head . 
 `` in case of mechanical difficulties . '' 
 i watch dina 's halting steps toward the lounge , one arm slung around the pilot 's neck . 
 as they move off , hit tells dina , `` i 'll help you get comfortable , and then scrounge up something to eat . 
 sound good ? '' 
 the mechanic 's voice carries back to me . 
 `` mmm , prepacked vending chow . 
 i 'll buy . 
 i need to get started on those rehab exercises , though . 
 i 've been wearing an emp band on my thigh , but that ca n't make up for plain hard work . '' 
 i definitely notice a vibe between those two , but then dina scores more than any man i ever met . 
 more than once , i 've seen her take home a girl who never looked twice at her own sex before . 
 she 's definitely gifted . 
 do n't ask me why i 'm not right there with them , looking for a place to crash . 
 or a vending unit that will sell me something to eat that is n't nutri-paste . 
 anything . 
 i 'd kill for some choclaste right about now . 
 vel heads toward a terminal , and i trudge after him . 
 the ai warns him that 's for official docking personnel only , but it does n't deter him . 
 after watching him mess with it for a few minutes , i 'm surprised that none of his high-tech gear can convince it to let him into their system . 
 `` maybe i can help . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 jael asks at my elbow . 
 i ignore him and dig through my pack looking for 245 . 
 she 's a closed interface , but she might know of a backdoor in the security or a fail-safe included in the design . 
 mair provided her with an astonishingly eclectic database . 
 plus , 245 is the only lachion native among us . 
 that ca n't hurt . 
 i power her up , input my access codes , and she greets me with , `` good morning , sirantha jax . 
 it has been eight days since your last entry . '' 
 how can the modulated female voice i chose from her option files sound so accusatory ? 
 i ignore the small surge of guilt over leaving her out of the loop . 
 but i try to placate her nonetheless . 
 `` you would n't believe the week i 've had . 
 i 'll tell you all about it in a bit , but first , we need your help . '' 
 she wo n't be able to resist that appeal , as it would constitute going against her programming . 
 `` how can i be of assistance ? '' 
 `` i need to know everything you do about the lachion hangar systems . '' 
 `` accessing , '' she responds . 
 `` good idea . '' 
 vel sets aside the code scrambler and waits . 
 `` the system was designed and installed by jens donner , a systems specialist formerly employed by generation technologies . 
 after ten years with the company , donner founded his own enterprise , zaptech . 
 he is credited with revolutionizing the ai matrix that permits droids to maintain a facility without human direction . '' 
 `` he must 've included a fail-safe , '' i say thoughtfully . 
 `` how do techs get into the system to performance maintenance ? '' 
 after a moment , 245 responds , `` i have found the answer to your inquiry in mair dahlgren 's partitioned files . '' 
 partitioned files ? 
 what does that mean ? 
 i frown as if she 'll respond to nonverbal cues . 
 `` i thought i had access to all data . 
 why did n't you mention this before ? '' 
 `` you did not ask . '' 
 such a reasonable reply . 
 `` shall i override mair dahlgren 's directive , sirantha jax ? '' 
 `` please . '' 
 `` mair dahlgren reports that entering this numerical sequence , interspersed with gaps of precisely 6.4 seconds , will gain you access to a maintenance submenu from which you may attempt to gain access to primary systems . '' 
 jael seems impatient , but if he has any better ideas , he 's free to pursue them . 
 the merc shifts on the balls of his feet and casts a longing glance toward the lounge , as if imagining what the two women might be doing in there without him . 
 or maybe , like me , he 's f ** king starving . 
 `` go , '' vel says without looking at him . 
 `` i will watch over her . '' 
 `` for mary 's sake . 
 we 're in a secure hangar . 
 what exactly do you think is going to happen to me ? '' 
 and then the boarding ramp on the ship begins to unfold . 
 * * * chapter 40 jael flicks me a wry look . 
 `` you were saying ? '' 
 i have no fight left in me . 
 no idea what i expect , but i 'm braced for the worst when three men come strolling down the ramp . 
 even though they do n't look alike , the conformity of their garb gives the impression of a resemblance . 
 they 're tall and slim , well coiffed , and their suits look like they cost a year 's pay . 
 not government guys then . 
 one of them strides toward us , and the others fall in behind him . 
 that makes him the boss , i guess . 
 on closer inspection , he 's older than his fellows , but he 's had good antiaging treatments . 
 i can see the years in his eyes rather than around them . 
 his gaze roves over me like a shark , and i decide i do n't want to see his teeth . 
 his men tuck their arms behind their backs and wait , as if for orders . 
 `` our employer sent us to collect you , '' the leader says , as if this is a routine aircab pickup . 
 `` he requires a face-to-face . '' 
 i ca n't think of anything more eloquent than , `` huh ? '' 
 so i go with it . 
 `` what employer ? '' 
 jael demands . 
 `` do you realize you 're attempting to detain the ambassador of new terra ? '' 
 `` of course i do , '' boss man replies . 
 i glance down at myself . 
 even my own mother would n't recognize me , covered in thermud . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 the leader glances away from jael to regard me with puzzlement . 
 `` how do you know who i am ? '' 
 he ignores that for the moment . 
 `` i believe you 've already made mr. jewel 's acquaintance , ms. jax . '' 
 that does n't ring any bells until i notice his intent look , a calm demeanor concealing killer intent . 
 they 're syndicate , of course . 
 i remember the jeweled brooch my mother wore , what seems like ages ago now . 
 mr. jewel . 
 very clever . 
 `` what the hell have you done to my mother ? '' 
 i should 've wondered about that long before now ; i 'm just not a dutiful daughter , i guess . 
 i take a deep breath , steadying myself as best i can , though fatigue and hunger make it difficult to focus . 
 `` that is , in fact , why we were sent to this backwater burg . '' 
 `` you 've been waiting for me ? '' 
 that does n't track . 
 how could anyone know we 'd turn up here ? 
 hell , i did n't even know if we 'd make it out of those tunnels intact . 
 the older one inclines his head . 
 `` in a manner of speaking . 
 we 've been tracking you since you surfaced . '' 
 `` tracking ? '' 
 i hate parroting everything he says , as it makes me sound brain damaged . 
 then again , it may be better if he underestimates me . 
 behind us , vel continues his attempts to get into the terminal until one of the goons steps up behind him and shakes his head . 
 vel sighs and puts away his tools slowly , as if wanting them to see his hands at all times . 
 while they 're watching him , i slip 245 into my pack . 
 it 's just a hunch , but i do n't want them taking her away . 
 given that we 've disarmed ourselves , there is n't a lot we can do at the moment . 
 droids will intervene at the first sign of trouble , but it might be too late if these guys are good enough . 
 and they have that air about them . 
 `` your mother was kind enough to slip an isotope into your drink at your last meeting , '' the thug explains with a smile . 
 `` perfectly stable and harmless , but it does permit us to monitor your movements . '' 
 `` like fugitive scientists once used to track native populations ? '' 
 i sputter in pure outrage . 
 to these a ** holes , i 'm just a blip on a display panel somewhere . 
 oh , there 's jax ; let 's go scoop her up . 
 if i had a blade in my hand , i 'd sink it in his eye right now and f ** k the consequences . 
 `` it 's perfectly harmless , '' he repeats , like it 's a health risk i 'm worried about . 
 i guess he 's never had his privacy stolen like this . 
 `` i suggest you come aboard , so we can get under way at once . 
 we will convey you safely to your meeting . '' 
 `` you actually believe i 'm going with you ? 
 are you out of your mind , or do you think i 'm out of mine ? '' 
 one of his thugs takes a step forward as if he does n't like my tone , but boss man waves him off . 
 `` no , i think you lack viable alternatives , ms. jax . 
 you do n't have a vessel . 
 i do . 
 and if you harbored any hope of commandeering it , know this crucial fact . 
 i alone possess the ignition codes , and if they are not entered correctly within three tries , the whole ship goes up . '' 
 i glance at jael and vel , who looks impassive . 
 they offer no suggestions , though i can feel the merc thrumming with tension at my side . 
 he 'd like nothing more than to waste these fools , but that might strand us here indefinitely . 
 i suspect he 's no keener than i am to rely on tarn for our salvation . 
 but i 'm not sure the syndicate constitutes a wise substitute . 
 fuck it . 
 when have i ever been sensible ? 
 even if the decision takes us to mr. jewel 's private playground , at least we 're off lachion , right ? 
 they must have a jumper on board , which means i can rest . 
 i 'll eat choclaste , shoot myself full of the chemical cocktail that 's supposed to mend my bones , and try to ignore the junkie in my head . 
 that voice tells me to jack into grimspace and frag the consequences . 
 i have to ignore junkie jax if i want to live . 
 i 'm not entirely sure i do . 
 before , i had march to pull me out of such thinking . 
 i could rely on his warmth , even when i did n't realize i was doing so . 
 now it 's just me , falling into the darkness in my own head . 
 that 's a scary place to be . 
 this hard man wannabe is n't as good as he thinks he is . 
 neither are his boys . 
 because while i 'm thinking things over , hit slips up behind the boss man and sets a long , filed nail against his throat . 
 `` do n't move , '' she whispers against his ear , and her crooning tone raises goose bumps on the back of my neck . 
 `` suraya , '' boss man says without shifting a millimeter . 
 `` the poison pilot . 
 still doing madame kang 's dirty work ? '' 
 i feel like i should know that name , but my mind 's too fuzzy . 
 it slips away like a sleek little fish , back into a jumbled mass of half-formed thoughts and memories . 
 `` keller , '' she returns . 
 `` still barking on behalf of bigger dogs ? '' 
 he ca n't shrug , but it 's implicit in his tone . 
 `` it 's a living . 
 i 'd say it 's good to see you , but ... '' his enforcers make an abortive movement , as if to end the impasse , and keller apparently catches it in his peripheral vision . 
 `` no , '' he adds , as hit strokes her nail down his neck . 
 `` do n't give her a reason . '' 
 call me thick , but i do n't entirely understand why he 's so afraid . 
 by the sweat streaking down his now-pasty brow , keller thinks hit is the angel of death , standing by his shoulder . 
 makes me wonder what we do n't know about her . 
 `` hypo-implant , '' jael whispers . 
 he sounds admiring . 
 `` black-market ware , costs mad loot . 
 only the most dedicated killers go for them , ones who prefer quiet jobs , no blood , no mess . 
 the right toxin can even make it look natural , assuming no postmortem lab work . '' 
 ah . 
 no wonder keller 's pissing his pants . 
 maybe we all should be . 
 `` what do you say ? '' 
 hit asks me conversationally . 
 `` should i end him ? '' 
 the goon 's eyes flicker wildly . 
 i can tell he wants to appeal to my better nature , but at this point , i 'm not sure i have one . 
 not so smug now , are you , a ** hole ? 
 `` probably not , '' i say , after a judicious pause . 
 `` he 's our ride off this rock . 
 i would n't mind an apology , though . 
 they 've been tracking me like a rogue wildebeest . 
 i think that was pretty damn rude . '' 
 hit smiles , slow and feral . 
 `` they never did . 
 why , i 'd call that a violation of basic human rights . 
 how can they possibly make that up to you ? '' 
 somehow i manage to choke back hysterical laughter . 
 maybe we 'll regret this , but i 'm having too much fun to stop . 
 `` i 'm open to suggestions . '' 
 to my astonishment , vel joins the game in dry , scholarly tones . 
 `` if given full access to their ship 's data , i could search for similar infractions and recommend suitable recompense . '' 
 `` fine , '' keller says . 
 `` i 'm sorry , all right ? 
 i had nothing to do with that . 
 it was all jewel . 
 if suraya will just let me go , we can get under way , all nice and peaceful , and then you can take it up with him in person . 
 that 's a rare honor , you know . 
 he seldom participates in face-to-face meets anymore . '' 
 `` too many people trying to kill him ? '' 
 hit asks , butter smooth . 
 `` now , before i step back , '' she adds , `` i 'm going to need your word as a gentleman that there will be no reprisals . 
 i do n't want your boys coming in on me while i sleep . '' 
 `` yeah , i want a guarantee of safe passage for me and my crew , '' i add . 
 `` is your friend sick ? '' 
 the goon beside vel asks . 
 i shake my head quickly . 
 `` no . 
 it 's just a skin condition . '' 
 he really needs to molt . 
 `` you have my word , '' keller growls . 
 personally i do n't give two shits for his sworn vow , written in blood , but hit seemed to want to hear it . 
 in a feline motion , she drops back a few meters . 
 keller blots the sweat from his forehead with his forearm . 
 one of the goons says , `` can i - '' `` no , '' keller snaps . 
 `` we have a deal , and we need this truce to hold , unless you want to die in your sleep . '' 
 damn , i 'm glad hit 's on our side . 
 if she is . 
 as it stands , i think we need to find out more about this madame kang . 
 both his boys mutter , `` yes , boss , '' as they head back up the ramp . 
 `` everyone on board before this mary-sucking storm grounds us , '' keller adds . 
 well , since he put it that way , we collect dina and follow as fast as we can . 
 * * * chapter 41 their pilot is good . 
 despite adverse atmospheric factors , our departure goes smooth as s-silk . 
 i 've never been on a ship like this one . 
 instead of worn fittings , scarred and grimy conduits covered by mismatched panels , and ratty seats , everything looks brand-new . 
 they went the extra mile and outfitted the public areas with a high-quality synth that gleams like mahogany . 
 with its burgundy s-leather chairs , the hub looks more like a swanky executive lounge than where the crew straps in for a jump . 
 even the safety harnesses manage to look decorative . 
 at first i 'm afraid to touch anything , and then i realize i do n't care because i 'm not paying for it . 
 dina drops down and puts her head back . 
 `` i 'll wait here for jump . '' 
 i 'm glad , because watching her struggle breaks my heart . 
 we pause by our assigned rooms and drop off our stuff . 
 then the rest of us continue learning the lay of the land . 
 i notice how the light fixtures shine with gilt trim . 
 and droids going about their business have an ultrasleek look , including the cleaning bots . 
 this is a star-class vessel , sold to those with credit ratings i ca n't even imagine . 
 it 's about time we got a break . 
 i 'm not sure this qualifies , but at least it 's a nice ride , and we 're passengers for a change . 
 that implies a certain loss of control over our circumstances , but tired as i am , i 'll take it in trade . 
 while the pilot gets out of the atmosphere , keller gives us a quick tour and introduces us to his boys . 
 the blue-eyed one who wants to kill hit is named grubbs . 
 his partner 's name is boyle . 
 they are n't in the mood to chat , however , and disappear into the game room , our first stop . 
 huge wall-screen view panel , four terminals , rigged with virtual sims , and a variety of a comfortable chairs . 
 keller 's guys mess with the equipment , and then the room reverberates with the distinctive sound of real killer . 
 i guess that 's how enforcers relax . 
 when they are n't cracking heads , they sim it . 
 for a moment i stand in the doorway watching the wall screen mimic the moves they make . 
 that might be fun later . 
 keller clears his throat . 
 `` let me show you the rest . '' 
 with a nod , i step back , realizing i 'm holding up progress . 
 i walk on , only half listening to keller 's running commentary . 
 vel comments now and then . 
 so does jael . 
 but it sounds muzzy to me , faraway and indistinct . 
 as we go along , nobody says much , probably eager to clean up and crash . 
 we ca n't do that until after jump , though , and we ca n't power up the phase drive until we 're away from the planet 's gravitational pull . 
 i pause on the observation deck , watching lachion recede . 
 from this height , it 's a pale world except for splashes of blue where waters lie . 
 march seems both infinitesimal and ephemeral to me now . 
 touching the ring on my left hand , like a talisman , does n't bring him back . 
 from this height , it 's like i imagined him . 
 i ache in body and soul . 
 forgetting the others behind me , i lean my head against the screen for a moment , distorting the image . 
 this is n't the real lachion , but an array of light that forms a likeness . 
 his kiss , his smile , my frozen tears in the teresengi basin-a dozen moments run behind my closed eyelids , fragments of how we were together . 
 and are n't anymore . 
 i do n't know how i 'll bear it . 
 vel comes up beside me and puts his hand on my shoulder . 
 do n't ask me how i know it 's him , but i 've come to expect this kind of quiet , understated comfort from him . 
 he does n't speak , just tilts his head toward the corridor . 
 come away , jax . 
 there 's a new life waiting for you . 
 maybe he does n't mean that , or even think it , but i ascribe those words to him as i suck in a deep breath . 
 my eyes sting , but i blink the tears back . 
 sometimes giving up the old life is f ** king hard . 
 i trail the others as we continue the tour . 
 i do n't think i 've ever been on a vessel so big . 
 it must cost the annual per capita income of some small colonies to power it . 
 game room , observation deck , spa : this ship is like a roving resort . 
 i 'm definitely coming back to the spa when i get a chance . 
 i 'd love a massage , a facial , and anything else i can think of . 
 the droid attendant bears the pretty robotics logo , which means she 's top-of-the-line . 
 even in my nav-star days , i never traveled in such luxury . 
 since the corp wanted to maximize profit , they squeezed each credit until it squeaked . 
 huh . 
 apparently crime does pay . 
 just then , the pilot 's voice comes over the comm . 
 deep . 
 masculine . 
 he has an accent i ca n't place . 
 `` we 're ready for jump . 
 strap in , we go in five . '' 
 `` how far are we traveling ? '' 
 i ask . 
 jael quirks a brow at me , as if to say , i thought you 'd gone mute . 
 too bad . 
 i flick my fingers at him and turn back to keller . 
 `` one jump and an eighteen-hour haul , '' he answers . 
 pity . 
 that does n't tell me anything about our destination . 
 we head for the hub , and for the first time in more years than i can count , i don the protective headgear along with everyone else . 
 envy bubbles in my gut . 
 someone else will make this leap . 
 another jumper gets to blaze through grimspace and find the beacons . 
 shit , withdrawal might kill me faster than anything else . 
 my palms feel clammy as i try to strap in . 
 i fumble . 
 hell , how does this even work ? 
 i have n't been a passenger since i was thirteen years old . 
 `` you look funny , jax . '' 
 jael takes the seat next to me . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 no . 
 i ca n't do the one thing i love more than anything else in the world , unless i want to die . 
 my reassuring smile comes out stiff and scary , if the way the merc recoils offers any clue about my appearance . 
 dina answers for me . 
 `` of course she 's not , jackass . 
 she 's tired , dirty , and she does n't know how to put on her harness . '' 
 `` here , '' he says , oddly gentle . 
 `` you crisscross this , and then this one buckles to the helmet . 
 this last one goes over the top . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i mutter . 
 i feel helpless . 
 old . 
 used up . 
 i never minded the scars on my body , but this ... i rub my foot over the plush carpet like a sullen child . 
 he studies me a moment , his pale eyes eerie in his muddy face . 
 `` you 've never ridden like this ? 
 not even on vacation ? '' 
 `` not in a really long time . '' 
 twenty years , to be exact . 
 he just does n't get it . 
 non-jumpers never do , and there 's a thrill i ca n't articulate . 
 but because it might distract me , i try . 
 `` everyone has something that makes them special . '' 
 i slant him a pointed look to make sure he takes my meaning . 
 jael gives me a curt nod . 
 `` so imagine if you could n't do it anymore . 
 whether your gift is good or bad , losing it cuts out a large core of what made you unique . '' 
 dina cracks , `` your big mouth covers that , jax . '' 
 `` i get it , '' jael says , after thinking it over . 
 `` but you 're still you . '' 
 no , i 'm human detritus , what remains when the best burns away . 
 i quash that thought on my own since march is n't here to do it for me . 
 hit offers the best piece of advice . 
 `` just close your eyes and do n't think about it . 
 pretend you 're not missing the jump . '' 
 i 'll try . 
 even a ship this size shudders a little when the phase drive comes online . 
 so much energy coursing through the conduits , it could n't be otherwise . 
 a minute later , keller arrives with his goons and they strap in across from me . 
 i 'm glad they did n't witness my weakness . 
 i tell myself i 'm being a baby , letting the loss hit me so hard . 
 jumpers retire all the time . 
 they teach . 
 they live otherwise productive lives . 
 why am i determined to make such a big deal out of it ? 
 maybe i 'm used to being the hero . 
 i expected us to steal a ship , and me to sacrifice more health because my crew counted on me to jump . 
 take them to safety . 
 am i disappointed that i do n't get to be a martyr ? 
 shit . 
 i do n't like what that says about me . 
 i do n't have to be the center of attention . 
 i can sit back and ride like everyone else . 
 i can . 
 i do n't remember what that first trip was like back when i was a kid . 
 too many active jumps have nudged that memory aside . 
 so i do n't know what to expect . 
 vel sits on my left . 
 he leans over as much as he can within the harness and says , `` you will experience some pressure , but it is not unpleasant . 
 electrical sometimes destabilizes while we pass through grimspace , so the lights may go off or flicker uncontrollably . '' 
 he 's trying to make it easier . 
 the raw place inside me eases a little . 
 `` anything else i should know ? '' 
 `` it helps to hang on to something . '' 
 the bounty hunter offers his hand . 
 * * * chapter 42 smiling , l curl my fingers through his . 
 vel 's hand feels slightly sticky and indefinably wrong . 
 while sight may deceive you , touch rarely does . 
 he 's starting to smell moldy , too . 
 after we jump , i do n't imagine we 'll see him out of quarters until we arrive . 
 i hope that 's long enough for him to generate more skin , unless he intends to go as himself . 
 i 'm not sure that 's a good idea . 
 then again , if syndicate intelligence is worth anything , they already know about him . 
 so perhaps it 's a moot point . 
 i remember how jewel said bugs could n't be permitted to mingle freely with humanity . 
 does he pose a danger to vel ? 
 maybe they 're using me as a blind when they intended to capture the infamous bounty hunter all along . 
 though i shake my head at the notion , i ca n't dismiss it entirely . 
 good to know my paranoia continues to thrive . 
 it would help if i knew who wanted me dead . 
 lightning streams over my skin . 
 i know when we enter grimspace . 
 not because the lights flicker , although they do . 
 no , i can feel it in my blood , in my bones . 
 like i 'm part of the primordial matter boiling all around the ship . 
 when i shut my eyes like hit told me to , i can just about see the colors . 
 oh , they 're far away , like looking through the wrong end of a telescope , but i can see them . 
 this ca n't be a delusion . 
 i 've never heard of anyone who could sense grimspace when they were n't jacked into the ship , but i 'm not imagining this . 
 from the pure , vast silence comes the pulse of the beacons . 
 i hear it as an echo of my own heartbeat . 
 since i do n't know where we 're going , i ca n't attempt to find the right ones , but i sense the navigator in the cockpit doing so . 
 he seems sluggish to me , unsure of our course . 
 this jumper lacks my elation , my passion , my certainty . 
 i never doubt i 've targeted the right beacon , never have trouble translating the star charts from straight space . 
 there 's something wrong here . 
 i 've never watched anyone work before , though instructors sometimes do . 
 if i had a control button , i 'd hit the override . 
 i feel the way we alter course , making for a beacon . 
 but he 's overshot the jump . 
 i do n't understand how i know , but this is n't the place to phase out . 
 their jumper 's a hack , not an artist ; he can barely perceive the beacons at all , and his best guess is our worst nightmare . 
 the phase drive rumbles , preparing to take us back . 
 i shake my head , struggle against my harness , shouting , `` no , no , no ! '' 
 it 's pandemonium . 
 everyone speaks at once , either telling me to shut the f ** k up or trying to reassure me . 
 vel squeezes my hand . 
 `` it is nearly over , sirantha . '' 
 `` no shit it 's almost over , we - '' `` sit tight , '' the syndicate pilot barks over the comm . 
 `` do not remove safety gear . 
 this is going to get rough . '' 
 keller depresses a button on the arm of his chair . 
 `` what 's the problem , mat ? '' 
 `` we 've emerged in an asteroid field , sir , two days off target . 
 and these little bastards are surrounded by pockets of highly combustible gas . '' 
 oh mary . 
 i knew it . 
 well , not about the asteroid field , not exactly , but i knew he 'd gotten the jump wrong . 
 i knew it was dangerous . 
 but how ? 
 how did i know ? 
 `` why are you chatting with me then ? '' 
 keller demands . 
 `` get us out of this mess and then update me . '' 
 `` roger that . '' 
 `` i never realized how good you are . '' 
 because of dina 's quiet tone , it takes me a moment to register that as a compliment . 
 `` hell of a backseat driver , but good . 
 you get us there , time after time . 
 never anything like this . '' 
 i shift in my chair . 
 `` that 's not true . 
 when vel was chasing us , i jumped us eight days out . '' 
 `` not into the middle of an asteroid field , '' she mutters . 
 with a nod , i concede the point . 
 until now , i never wondered how i avoid jumping back under dangerous conditions . 
 i ca n't explain that knowledge ; it works like a sixth sense , and i guess i assumed every other jumper has it , too . 
 apparently not . 
 the ship tilts this way and that , testing the strength of my harness . 
 we sling hard left and then roll . 
 my stomach lurches as we make a full loop . 
 `` mary , '' jael groans . 
 `` i hope i do n't puke before we die . '' 
 `` relax . '' 
 keller sounds irritated . 
 `` mat 's good . 
 he 'll get us out . '' 
 a distant boom and a grinding sound belie his words . 
 `` we 're hit , '' the pilot announces . 
 `` and we have breach . 
 droids are sealing off the second deck . '' 
 damn . 
 good-bye , spa . 
 maybe i 'd better kiss my ass good-bye while i 'm at it . 
 `` not good enough . '' 
 hit starts unbuckling her safety gear . 
 `` tell him to give me the chair . 
 i 'm not dying today . '' 
 another explosion rocks the ship . 
 `` go on , keep waffling , there wo n't be enough of this thing left to tell what it was . '' 
 keller hesitates only a second before getting on the comm . 
 `` mat , i 'm sending someone up . 
 do n't argue , just let her fly . '' 
 the pilot sounds oddly , inappropriately chipper . 
 `` your funeral . '' 
 we stare at each other , taut-faced , as hit sprints down the corridor toward the cockpit . 
 i hope she flies as well as she fights . 
 `` she 's that good ? '' 
 dina asks . 
 `` better . '' 
 coming from someone who hates her as much as keller seems to , that 's high praise . 
 he sighs . 
 `` jewel will have my ass for messing up the new ship . '' 
 `` space the guy in the nav chair . '' 
 i blurt the words before i think better of them . 
 `` he screwed up so bad - '' i trail off , realizing there 's no way i can know that . 
 everyone swivels to look at me , the same question burning in their eyes . 
 `` how can you be sure ? '' 
 keller asks . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 forget i said anything . '' 
 why give people another reason to think i 'm a crazy egomaniac ? 
 they do n't look particularly convinced , but a shift in the way the ship handles distracts them . 
 we 've got hit in the pilot seat now . 
 the swoops feel faster , more graceful . 
 smaller explosions trail in our wake , but they do n't touch the ship . 
 maybe we 'll get out of this after all . 
 ten minutes later , she comes strolling down the hall from the cockpit , looking pleased with herself . 
 `` and that 's how it 's done . 
 your boys should be able to take it from here . '' 
 she smiles at keller . 
 `` and if they ca n't , i 'd have them killed . '' 
 the syndicate boss watches as she helps dina from her chair , and the two of them head off to quarters . 
 our girl 's moving better already , less drag in her leg , more free movement . 
 her emp band must be doing some good . 
 i think grubb speaks for all of us when he says , `` damn . '' 
 `` madame kang 's best , '' boyle agrees with a sigh . 
 `` we should recruit her . '' 
 keller shakes his head . 
 `` jewel wo n't pay what she 's worth . 
 if you 'll excuse me , i need to talk to those idiots in the cockpit . 
 deck two is off-limits for obvious reasons , but you 're free to freshen up and rest . '' 
 rest . 
 finally . 
 i realize i 'm still holding vel 's hand , though i 've damaged his skin some . 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'm all right now . '' 
 `` my pleasure . '' 
 his vocalizer somehow grants the words a courtly inflection . 
 `` i believe i have some research to do now , if you will pardon me . '' 
 warmth floods through me . 
 i need to spend some time with him , find out all about his people , their customs , and how they show affection . 
 if they do . 
 so far , i 've been lax , and i only know that ithtorians do n't hug . 
 `` of course . '' 
 then it 's just jael and me left in the hub . 
 he helps me untangle myself from my harness , and i haul myself to my feet . 
 my bones pop as i arch my back . 
 uneasy with the intensity of his regard , i try to smile . 
 `` what a day , right ? '' 
 `` you did know , did n't you ? '' 
 `` know what ? '' 
 i begin a slow progress toward my room , which i hope will be as nice as i imagine . 
 `` that the jumper messed things up . 
 somehow , you went out there with him . 
 you saw ... something . '' 
 `` i do n't want to talk about this , '' i tell him tiredly . 
 `` i need a shower and then a good eight hours of sleep . 
 do n't you have anything else to do ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you 're not getting out of this so easily , jax . 
 you may have distracted the others , but i was right beside you . 
 i saw your eyes . '' 
 `` so what ? '' 
 the door to my room recognizes me . 
 as it swishes open , i 'm tempted to summon a bot to eject him , but that will only delay the inevitable . 
 he 'll never stop once he 's got his teeth into something . 
 i do n't understand why he wants to know so badly , but he 's the stubborn type . 
 i pause in the doorway , awestruck . 
 this is mine ? 
 all of it ? 
 forget the utilitarian quarters i 've been used to ; this is a suite . 
 as i step onto the thick carpeting , i sink at least a centimeter . 
 in my inglorious past , i 've stayed in hotels that were n't this nice . 
 i try to take in everything in a single visual sweep , blotting out jael 's droning voice . 
 full-sized bed with shimmering blue blanket , a bar , a personal assistance unit with gourmet kitchen-mate . 
 the bathroom steals my breath . 
 `` so we 're going to talk about it . 
 as your bodyguard , i have to know every last thing about you and try to figure out a way to compensate for every eventuality . '' 
 maybe it 's that simple . 
 maybe he just wants to be sure that whatever happened is n't a threat to my well-being . 
 after all , tarn is paying him to take care of me , and if grimspace poses a danger , even when i 'm not jumping-actually i do n't even know the answer . 
 this is all new ground since i 'm usually in the nav chair . 
 i sigh . 
 `` good luck with that . 
 i 'll be in the shower . '' 
 with that , i start getting nak * d. * * * chapter 43 lt 's funny how fast he averts his eyes . 
 not that i blame him . 
 the one good thing you can say about the thermud caked all over me , it covers my scars . 
 i pad into the bathroom , examining all the different settings . 
 i 'm used to a san-shower that just cleans you up . 
 this one promises to unclog your pores , steam off the dead cells , and leave you glowing with health . 
 `` well , let 's see what this thing can do . '' 
 midway through my shower , jael calls , `` you all right in there ? '' 
 `` yeah , why would n't i be ? 
 it 's pure bliss . '' 
 sound of throat clearing . 
 `` no reason . '' 
 half an hour later , i step out and wrap myself up in an ivory robe . 
 i find jael sprawled on the sofa , drink in hand . 
 but he appears to be ... blushing ? 
 `` what ? '' 
 i check the tie to make sure i 'm not showing skin . 
 `` have a good time ? '' 
 he chokes out . 
 `` you were ... loud . '' 
 `` mmm . 
 it was wonderful . '' 
 just to tease him , i add , `` you did say you 'd know the next time - '' `` so i did . '' 
 if anything , his embarrassment intensifies . 
 i ca n't believe he really thinks i-well , maybe i can use it to my advantage . 
 `` you 'd better get used to it since you 're determined to be my shadow . 
 privacy is overrated anyhow . '' 
 `` you 're mad , jax . '' 
 but he smiles . 
 freshly washed , my hair stands on end like down on a baby bird . 
 i grimace at my reflection and head for the kitchen-mate . 
 jael tracks me with his eyes . 
 `` you hungry ? 
 do n't think i 'll make a habit of this , but if you go clean up , i 'll make us something to eat . 
 do n't just sit there . 
 you 're crumbling all over my couch . '' 
 maybe i can distract him from the discussion he intends to have . 
 it 's worth a shot anyway . 
 i ca n't make him understand what i do n't even get myself . 
 jael slides to his feet . 
 `` right , you 've persuaded me , but do n't imagine you 're off the hook . 
 we 'll talk about it over dinner . '' 
 `` the hell we will , '' i mutter . 
 i half expect him to stride boldly into my bathroom , which offers the interesting dilemma of what he 's going to wear when he 's done . 
 instead he lets himself out , pausing to murmur , `` i 'm just next door . '' 
 as if i 'm likely to go into panic mode at the prospect of being alone . 
 well , it has been a while . 
 between sharing quarters with vel and wandering the crowded gunnar camp , this is certainly a change . 
 i look over the options on the kitchen-mate and nearly drool . 
 this thing can make anything i want . 
 thousands of recipes both common and exotic , right at my fingertips , and now i do n't know what i want . 
 tapping away , i just decide to conjure us a feast . 
 steamed fish and rice in spicy ginger sauce , tissue-thin vegetables arrayed in a fan , and four different desserts . 
 i hope he likes choclaste . 
 this gourmet unit even has real wine in stock ; forget the nasty synthetic stuff . 
 by the time i get everything laid out , jael 's back . 
 i make a note to seal my door since it 's apparently coded to admit anyone . 
 he looks better , his freshly washed hair gleaming like molten gold . 
 `` what if i 'm allergic to fish ? '' 
 he asks as he joins me at the small table near the kitchen-mate . 
 i grin . 
 `` good thing this is n't real fish . '' 
 he knows as well as i do that this is simulated from base organic , but the beauty of a gourmet unit is that you can hardly taste the difference . 
 these days , only the elite know what it 's like to eat fresh fruits and vegetables , and only throwbacks consume real flesh . 
 `` point . '' 
 when there 's food like this around instead of paste , you wo n't find me letting it get cold . 
 i practically inhale mine , down two glasses of wine , and then start eyeing the desserts before jael cleans his plate . 
 i settle on a rich raspberry-filled truffle and nibble at it while he catches up to me . 
 by tacit consent , we shift to the sofa for the conversation he refuses to let slide . 
 i close my eyes and tilt my head back , hoping to elicit sympathy , but this is jael we 're talking about . 
 of course it does n't work . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 i ask with a sigh . 
 `` what happened out there ? '' 
 he touches my cheek , forcing me to look at him . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` make me understand , jax . 
 if grimspace poses a danger to you , i need to know it . 
 i 'm supposed to protect you from all threats , remember ? '' 
 i let out a long breath . 
 `` i could ... feel it . 
 do n't ask me how . 
 it 's like i 'm part of grimspace when i 'm not even jacked in . 
 doc started running tests on me , before ... '' with a weary wave , i gloss over details he already knows . 
 `` but he never came to any conclusions about what makes me different . 
 and now he has a lot of other stuff on his plate . '' 
 massive understatement . 
 both his brows go up , but i do n't glimpse the skepticism i dreaded . 
 jael does n't know the worst of my unstable tendencies , however , so he is n't likely to dismiss this experience as a `` delusions of grandeur '' fantasy . 
 i relax a little . 
 `` i 've never heard of anything like that , '' he says at last . 
 `` you 're a f ** king legend , you know . 
 still jumping at your age . 
 it 's inspiring . '' 
 mary , he makes it sound like i 'm a geriatric case , beyond the hope of all antiaging treatments . 
 i grit my teeth . 
 counting to ten does n't help . 
 `` well , you do all right for someone who looks like he ought to be in wet naps , '' i tell him sweetly . 
 `` do you shave yet , princess ? 
 i bet you could n't grow a beard if you wanted one . '' 
 he 's had enough of the wine not to get riled up , more 's the pity . 
 `` you 've got enough chin hair for both of us . '' 
 `` is that why you were staring so hard at my ass when i went to the shower ? 
 because it has n't got any hair on it ? '' 
 a flip response , not one i expect to make him choke on his drink . 
 `` you were looking ! '' 
 `` not on purpose , '' he protests . 
 `` or rather , no more than any man would when confronted with a nak * d woman . 
 it 's practically against the law not to look . 
 they revoke your man membership if you play the gentleman too often . 
 in a way , i was paying you a compliment . '' 
 `` to be sure . 
 so you have n't been guilty of ogling old ladies before ? '' 
 `` you 're not old in the traditional sense , '' he says , tilting his head with a judicious look . 
 `` just for a jumper . 
 you know . '' 
 of course i do . 
 in my first five years on the job , i attended the funerals of fifteen classmates from the academy . 
 after that , i stopped offering to speak at their services . 
 i swallowed my sorrows instead . 
 that 's how my nav-star legend came to be born . 
 not the party girl they all supposed , or at least , not for the usual reasons . 
 loss seeps out from behind my mental barriers , old wounds , old pain adding to the fresh one , a big jagged hole where march used to be . 
 so many people , gone . 
 what jael said is true-being the last one standing sometimes does feel like a curse . 
 just like that , my mood dips to low ebb . 
 i need to be horizontal and buried in blankets . 
 a band tightens across my chest , burgeoning into an ache that threatens to close my throat . 
 mary curse it , if i do n't get him out of here , i 'm going to break down right in front of him . 
 and i wo n't have that . 
 `` there 's nothing you can do , or need to do about what happened out there , jael . 
 it does n't factor into protecting me . 
 doc figured out why i respond to grimspace damage the way i do , and i know what to do about it . 
 speaking of which , i 'm due for a shot . 
 unless you just like needles , i suggest you get on your way . '' 
 `` no , '' he says quietly . 
 `` do your thing , but this conversation is n't over . '' 
 `` the hell it 's not . 
 this is my room ! 
 and i do n't want you in it anymore . '' 
 i get up from the sofa , and my hands shake as i draw the med kit out of my bag . 
 i 'm not sure i can manage the treatment without hurting myself . 
 so i close my eyes . 
 that helps a little , though i 'm still millimeters away from losing it . 
 the hypo 's preset and automatic , so i just press it against my wrist . 
 a single hiss and it 's done . 
 i push my breath out in what 's meant as a sigh , but it comes out as a groan . 
 `` right , '' he says , low . 
 `` you pulled a spike out of my gut and saved my life . 
 that might not mean anything to you , but it 's worth something to me . 
 i 'm doing my best to be a friend to you , and you act like you 've never heard of such a thing . 
 a blind man could see you 're hurting , jax , and i know damn well why . 
 it 's because of who we left behind . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 my head droops . 
 i ca n't look at him as the tears overflow , trickling down my cheeks . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure i 'm dying of it , and i ca n't bring myself to care . '' 
 he comes to me and touches my cheek , featherlight . 
 `` well , i do . '' 
 * * * chapter 44 l lean toward him , or fall . 
 jael wraps his arms around me , patting in an awkward way that 's meant to be comforting . 
 i can tell he does n't know much about the job for which he 's volunteered . 
 if i was n't gulping back sobs , i 'd laugh at his expression . 
 he leads me toward the sofa while i cry and cry , holding nothing back . 
 there are so many things tangled up inside me that i do n't even know why i 'm weeping . 
 march is part of it , of course , but it 's more than that : an accumulation of woe that i ca n't deny anymore . 
 tears stream freely . 
 my nose starts to run . 
 `` are n't you a sight ? '' 
 he whispers . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 i wo n't tell anyone what a wet rag you turn into after a couple of drinks . 
 in the vids , they have you up on tables flashing your tits once you down a few rounds , so this is a bit of a shock , innit ? '' 
 i mumble into his shirt , `` fuck the vids . 
 they 're all posted by a ** holes . '' 
 and then i remember how many members of the gutter press died on lachion . 
 that probably qualifies as speaking ill of the dead , but i do n't care . 
 i feel his hands on my back , thumping gently . 
 you 'd think i was an infant he intended to burp . 
 i hiccup . 
 the next thing i know , i 'm blinking gummy eyes , and i feel stiff all over . 
 jael is still curled around me , one hand on my shoulder , but he 's out , too . 
 i ca n't tell how long we 've been asleep , but it does n't matter . 
 we have two days to rest . 
 on this ship , nobody 's trying to kill me , eat me , or otherwise disperse my molecules . 
 that 's a welcome change . 
 i 'm still tired , so i stagger toward the huge bed and flop down . 
 then i sink back into the delicious , gauzy darkness . 
 much later , i surface again , feeling more coherent this time . 
 i adjust my robe , which has gapped in all the wrong places . 
 rolling out of bed , i assess the situation . 
 poor jael toppled sidewise on my sofa . 
 he 's going to be sore , and it serves him right for being such a stubborn bastard . 
 i do feel better , but i would 've cried whether he stayed with me or not . 
 it irks me that he shoved his way into my business , but i 'm not furious over it . 
 so i wake him by kicking him in the ankle instead of somewhere worse . 
 he squints up at me and groans . 
 `` maybe you 'd keep men around longer if you did n't do that . '' 
 the joke falls flat , but i pretend it did n't catch me in a raw place . 
 `` yeah , well , i 'm not trying to keep you . 
 you have your own room , go to it . '' 
 maybe i should thank him , but mostly i 'm embarrassed over the way i melted down . 
 i refuse to hash over my emotional state or give him dewy-eyed looks bursting with boundless gratitude . 
 if he craves that sort of thing , he should hit up a girl named fawn , who dances at the hidden rue on gehenna . 
 as he gets up , the door slides open . 
 i turn to see dina standing there with a wide smile because she 's on her own two feet . 
 but the pleasure in her expression dies like light leaving a dead bulb . 
 her gaze shifts between the rumpled bed , my dishevelment and jael 's sleepy good humor . 
 `` i ca n't believe i was actually starting to like you , '' she bites out . 
 `` in your mind , he 's as good as dead . 
 so why not replace him ? '' 
 she turns so the door closes behind her , leaving her words to accuse me in her stead . 
 shit . 
 even if it stings , part of me understands why she made that mental leap . 
 i did n't grieve years for kai before falling for march . 
 so maybe dina thinks that 's the way i operate . 
 one man exits ; another man enters , and i just love the one i 'm with . 
 but it 's not like that . 
 i hope when she cools down i 'll be able to explain , although in the strictest sense , it 's none of her business who sleeps in my room . 
 i 'm conscious of jael standing beside me , looking shocked . 
 but before i deal with him , i code the door so it 's only accessible to me for the duration of the flight . 
 he arcs a brow at me . 
 `` i guess breakfast 's out of the question ? '' 
 `` out . '' 
 `` right , i 'm going . '' 
 and he does . 
 i dress in black because it suits my mood . 
 at least short hair means i do n't have to style it . 
 looks the same no matter what i do . 
 i pocket 245 , who still has n't forgiven me for cutting her off back in the hangar . 
 maybe this will cheer her up . 
 determined to get some value out of this downtime , i head for vel 's room . 
 he said he had research to do , but i 'm supposed to be tapping him as my resource on ithtorian culture and customs . 
 to date , i have n't been taking my role seriously , and no matter what the syndicate wants , i ca n't become another karl fitzwilliam . 
 not even to save my mother 's life . 
 unlike me , vel was smart enough to secure his room right away . 
 i tap the panel and say , `` it 's jax . 
 can i come in ? '' 
 his disembodied voice responds , `` a moment please . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 and then the door allows me access . 
 i slip inside . 
 as i expected , vel has molted , but he is n't growing any new skin as of yet . 
 i 'm not sure whether that 's time related , or if he just does n't want to wear it . 
 funny how different people can take the same suite and turn it into something else . 
 mine has rumpled bedcovers and dirty dishes while vel has transformed his room into a command center . 
 scattered devices , wires , and mechanisms make it look as though he 's been here for weeks , not hours . 
 `` what can i do for you , sirantha ? '' 
 `` i was hoping we could talk about your homeworld . 
 i probably should 've asked long before now . '' 
 i leave it there , choosing not to use the excuses that hover at the tip of my tongue . 
 `` but if i came at a bad time ... ? '' 
 `` no , i can resume my research later . '' 
 `` you 're really doing research ? '' 
 that surprises me . 
 i thought he said that to explain his need for solitude . 
 people tend to forgive a lot more eccentricity if they believe the person is of a scholarly bent . 
 `` yes , actually . 
 i will let you know if i find anything . '' 
 does that mean it relates to me somehow ? 
 for once , i do n't let myself become sidetracked . 
 i just nod . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 `` please , have a seat . '' 
 i 'm more conscious of his vocalizer now because i can see his mandible moving and hear the brief delay before the signals are translated into human speech . 
 i wonder what it 's like for him , functioning as a mimic in our world but never truly part of it . 
 maybe that 's where i should begin . 
 only the small dining unit is n't covered with various sensors and monitors , so i sit down there . 
 while i 'm at it , i order up some breakfast , or whatever meal this is supposed to be . 
 i 've completely lost track of time . 
 i set 245 on the table , power her up , and input my codes . 
 `` okay if i record ? '' 
 `` go ahead . '' 
 by some miracle , she does n't chide me for our interrupted session last time , just greets me and gets to work . 
 i wonder if that should worry me . 
 i nibble at a sweetbread while trying to decide how to phrase my opening question . 
 finally , i decide on , `` is it hard for you ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 duh . 
 he ca n't read my mind . 
 `` you have to feel really alone sometimes , separated from ... other ithtorians . '' 
 i barely manage not to say `` people like you , '' which would sound prejudicial , even if i do n't feel that way about him . 
 `` how do you cope with that ? '' 
 vel sits down across from me , regarding me with glittering , faceted eyes . 
 if i 'm learning to gauge his natural expressions at all , i 'd say he looks hesitant . 
 `` let me ask a question of you , first . '' 
 `` shoot . '' 
 i cram the last of my breakfast into my mouth and immediately wish i had something to wash it down . 
 `` do you find it difficult to look at me as i am ? '' 
 vel indicates his current form with one claw . 
 between the claws , mandible , peculiar side-set eyes , chitin shell , and segmented body , there 's no doubt he qualifies as unusual , if not monstrous like the morgut . 
 while i chew , i consider the question . 
 but if i want honesty from him , i have to give it back . 
 so the answer comes easy . 
 `` at first , yeah . 
 but getting to know you took away the strangeness . 
 and now you 're just you . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 he clicks his claws , a habit i 've come to identify as pensive . 
 `` to your question ... we are , by nature , a solitary people , '' he says at last . 
 `` we do not form emotional bonds as your species understands them . 
 our society functions on social obligation , underpinned by self-interest . 
 temporary alliances may be formed , but not personal attachments . 
 when such an alliance ceases to be profitable or mutually beneficial , the arrangement is terminated . '' 
 `` when you say alliance , do you mean business or - '' but he just said they do n't do personal relationships . 
 i have a hard time wrapping my head around that . 
 `` give me an example . 
 please . '' 
 `` this could take a while , '' he cautions me . 
 i smile faintly . 
 `` i do n't have anywhere else to be . '' 
 `` then let 's begin . '' 
 * * * chapter 45 l spend most of the day with vel . 
 coming from a xenophobic race that possesses the unique ability to pass among other species and chooses not to , the bounty hunter is a walking contradiction . 
 we spent hours talking , and i still do n't have the sense that i know him . 
 not intimately . 
 i 'm not sure whether i can , or if he has the ability to connect as i know it . 
 by the time i leave his quarters , my head throbs with all the new information . 
 and i do n't know how i can remember everything , particularly the seven hundred sure ways to offend an ithtorian . 
 my favorite is clicking the same claw three times in rapid succession . 
 they find that gesture especially insulting in casual conversation because it 's how partners signify they 're finished with one another . 
 really , it 's an impressively rude way to end a conversation . 
 i wonder if snapping my fingers three times would work on people who bore the shit out of me . 
 i still do n't entirely understand the hierarchical system vel laid out for me . 
 i even have diagrams , but they do n't help a lot . 
 fortunately , 245 promised to go over the entire list with me until i can recite each item by heart . 
 joy . 
 `` thanks for your help , '' i tell her , as we head back down the hall . 
 `` that 's why i 'm here . 
 have you given any more thought to our discussion , sirantha jax ? '' 
 for a moment , i do n't know what she 's talking about , and then it clicks . 
 back on new terra , while we were still sequestered , she asked me a favor . 
 `` if we land somewhere i can order the work done , you can pick out a body from pretty robotics . 
 since it 's on chancellor tarn , price is no object . 
 have you thought about a name ? '' 
 `` i am 245 , '' she says , sounding as puzzled as i 've ever heard her . 
 `` yeah , but if you want a humanoid body so you can accompany me to official diplomatic functions , you 'll need something else , wo n't you ? '' 
 this was her idea as well , but i see the merit in it . 
 then she 'll be my personal assistant in every respect-and she 'll be able to signal me if i 'm about to make a dangerous breach in etiquette . 
 her memory will track that better than a human ever could . 
 `` but i guess we could call you according to whatever model you pick out . 
 they have claudia , julie , roberta , paulette , and i forget who else . '' 
 that 's a pretty robotics gimmick since they cater to lonely men who are also fabulously wealthy . 
 if we go this route , 245 will get more attention than the rest of us combined . 
 maybe that 's a good thing . 
 `` this is important ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` i just thought you might want to christen yourself . 
 i mean , how many people get to pick out their own names ? '' 
 `` then i will consider all the names in my data banks , but i may need your help in a final decision . 
 i do n't wish to select one that is anachronistic or inappropriate . '' 
 `` sure , narrow down to five or ten favorites , and we 'll go from there . '' 
 i turn down the hall that leads back to my room , and a snippet of conversation reaches me from the other end . 
 `` do you think they know ? '' 
 it 's keller 's goons , grubb and boyle , but they have n't seen me yet . 
 i duck around the corner , heart racing . 
 `` nah , '' boyle says . 
 `` keller 's the best . 
 they think jewel really wants to talk . '' 
 grubb laughs at the very idea , and they pass on by , talking about playing another round of real killer . 
 i stand there a moment , wondering at the implications . 
 whatever this means , i suspect it is n't good . 
 dammit . 
 we should 've waited for a conglomerate ship . 
 once they 've passed , i sprint down the hall and into my room . 
 having the door between me and the syndicate thugs helps some , but it 's not enough . 
 i need everyone in here now , and we need to figure out a plan of action . 
 first , i check something for my own peace of mind . 
 i access the terminal , something i should 've done right away , admittedly , if only i had n't been so tired , hungry , and all-around muzzy headed . 
 the workstation powers up readily enough , but when i attempt to access external communications , a big red screen flashes . 
 `` i am sorry , '' it tells me , although it does n't sound sorry . 
 machines never do . 
 `` you are not authorized to transmit to bounce-relay satellites . '' 
 shit . 
 we 're officially prisoners then . 
 no access to the outside world . 
 in retrospect , i realize keller promised us safe passage . 
 he made no guarantees as to what would happen once we arrive . 
 i could drive myself crazy wondering whether they 've decided i outlived my usefulness , but that 's a waste of time . 
 instead i decide to invite the crew to a `` party '' in dina 's room . 
 i 'd hold the meeting here , but i doubt she 'd come , given that she wants my head on a pike at the moment . 
 i call vel first . 
 they 're probably logging this conversation , but my paranoia is well documented . 
 in this instance it might even work to my advantage . 
 `` do you have a white-noise generator or something that scrambles any snooping devices that might be present ? '' 
 `` well , that certainly qualifies as one of the odder greetings i have received in my life . 
 as it happens , i do . '' 
 `` good , '' i say . 
 `` bring it with you to dina 's room , ten minutes . '' 
 silence . 
 so i ask , `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 another hesitation . 
 `` this is not a good time , sirantha . '' 
 right . 
 right after i left , he must 've started fashioning the new skin he 'll wear for the next three days . 
 `` when would be ? '' 
 we 're both exercising caution now , and i can tell he 's copped to the fact that i 'm nervous . 
 i wish i could explain , but that would defeat the purpose . 
 and i suspect he would n't welcome an in-person visit just now . 
 `` two hours . 
 if it is urgent , i could - '' `` no , that 's fine . 
 i 'll let the others know . '' 
 i spend a few hours pacing and arguing with 245 over why nobody would ever take her seriously as my personal assistant if she takes the name colette . 
 her alternatives are worse . 
 `` dreama ? 
 synara ? 
 those are stripper names . '' 
 `` explain . '' 
 she sounds confused again . 
 four choclaste bars later and six terrible names later , i figure it 's time . 
 by the time i get there , dina is on the verge of an eruption because her suite is full of people and she does n't know why . 
 her decor looks exactly like mine , but hit and jael sit sprawled on her sofa , and vel is tinkering with some equipment . 
 the mechanic glowers at me . 
 `` you want to tell me what the fuck 's going on ? 
 maybe you just wanted witnesses for when i kick your ass . '' 
 i can tell she 's been putting in hard time with the emp band and rehab exercises , as she 's visibly stronger today . 
 but i have no intention of brawling . 
 dina might be able to knock me out one-handed , but she has to catch me first . 
 `` save it , '' i say with a sigh . 
 to simplify matters , i produce 245 and replay the brief conversation between grubb and boyle . 
 it 's handy i still had her in record mode from the long session with vel . 
 i run it twice to make sure everyone has the gist , and then i take a seat well away from jael . 
 `` he lied . '' 
 hit pushes to her feet , slamming a fist into her palm . 
 `` i should 've killed that scumsucker when i had him by the throat . 
 i can take them out if vel helps me disable droid security . '' 
 `` i could , '' the bounty hunter says . 
 `` but i am not convinced that is the wisest course . 
 if we execute the crew , we are left with a damaged vessel we may not be able to pilot . 
 keller said only he possesses the ignition codes , so it stands to reason it would require his permission to override the navigational system as well . '' 
 `` that means we continue on course whether we like it or not . '' 
 dina limps over to the kitchen-mate and starts making drinks . 
 `` and when we show up at jewel 's place with a ship full of dead bodies , '' jael concludes , `` he really wo n't be in the mood to talk . '' 
 `` mass murder wo n't solve our problems this time , '' i say . 
 `` huh . 
 who knew ? '' 
 `` the jumper 's already dead . '' 
 having dropped that conversational bomb , hit crosses to the table and helps dina distribute the cups . 
 `` what do you mean he 's dead ? '' 
 remembering my impulsive words , i have a sinking feeling in my stomach . 
 `` last night , i was scouting the place , '' she answers without inflection . 
 `` and saw them spacing the body . 
 i cut out before they made me . '' 
 jael seems to read my expression . 
 `` it 's not your fault , jax . 
 you do n't get a job like keller 's by being a proper nice guy . 
 he had to show his boss something , prove the failure had been dealt with . 
 or jewel might 've made an example of him . 
 the syndicate does n't make any money off valuing human life . '' 
 `` you know an awful lot about them , '' dina says , eyes narrowed . 
 `` what do we know about you , anyway ? '' 
 his pale eyes shine with a cold light , but he masks it with a smile . 
 `` i was a merc in surge 's company , after march 's time . 
 after i got out , i did a turn as an enforcer , yeah , for the syndicate . 
 i did n't much like shaking down old ladies for their pensions , so i stopped . '' 
 hit raises a brow . 
 `` just like that ? 
 you said farewell , and they threw you a little party . 
 let you walk away ? '' 
 at first i 'm not sure why they 're tag teaming him so hard . 
 and then it hits me . 
 dina wants him to be a bad guy because she thinks i 'm sleeping with him . 
 i figure she 's already told hit her side of things . 
 i open my mouth to defend him , but jael does n't need any help . 
 `` no , '' he answers quietly . 
 `` i had to kill a few people to get the message across . 
 i 've done things i 'm not proud of in the name of survival . 
 but i expect that 's the case for everyone in this room . '' 
 a chill shivers through me at his tone . 
 with the possible exception of vel , who has more integrity than anyone i 've ever known , he 's probably right . 
 silence meets his words , and i think he 's even managed to instill some respect in dina . 
 she wo n't mistake him for just another pretty face again . 
 jael smiles . 
 `` can we get back to business , or do you have further questions ? '' 
 * * * chapter 46 l let the silence build for another moment . 
 until just now , nobody noticed the steel that braces jael 's pretty exterior . 
 then i say , `` i think that 's a good idea . 
 we do n't want them to catch us flat-footed . '' 
 `` this allows us time to plan , '' vel agrees . 
 `` which is to the good . '' 
 he 's activated the thingie that should jam any snooping devices that might be present . 
 now he sits beside jael , hands at his sides . 
 vel shows a reserve only present in humans who possess some behavioral dysfunction . 
 `` we 're still going to see jewel , '' hit points out . 
 `` i do n't see how we 're any better off . '' 
 `` can we assume they mean you harm , jax ? '' 
 jael asks . 
 `` it stands to reason . 
 they asked me to f ** k up my attempts at diplomacy because they do n't want to see interstellar affairs stabilize . 
 outfits like the syndicate profit substantially when there 's no central authority to question its activities . '' 
 i wave away the cup dina tries to hand me , thinking it might be poisoned , or at least doctored to give me the shits for a good seventy-two hours . 
 then i get up and pace , back and forth from the door all the way to the bathroom and back again . 
 something 's niggling at me , but i ca n't figure out what . 
 `` but tarn is covering for you , '' jael says after a moment . 
 `` he 's turned our blunders into what looks like heroism on the vids . 
 first we liberate emry station , and then we venture into the heart of a war zone , bringing aid ? 
 i bet that 's how he spun it . 
 if you continue on your goodwill tour as scheduled , the ithtorians will be properly impressed by the time you arrive . '' 
 dina forgets she 's mad at us for a moment . 
 `` so they need to detain your ass . 
 if you simply disappear , they can leak whatever story they want . '' 
 `` you do n't think they 'll just kill us ? '' 
 the pilot furrows her brow like that does n't make sense to her . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` if they wanted me dead , i would be . 
 they caught us off guard in the hangar , and had a clean shot at me before you showed up . '' 
 `` i agree , '' vel puts in . 
 `` if they stood to benefit from sirantha 's death , they would have already arranged it . 
 i can not imagine that they are prone to wasting resources . 
 if your supposition is correct regarding their motivations , they simply need to hold you long enough to ruin your reputation . 
 once they let you go , you will not be able to adequately account for your failure , and my people will not be disposed toward permitting any further diplomatic overtures . '' 
 `` why is that so important ? '' 
 dina wants to know . 
 `` well , for one thing , there 's a prejudicial element to it , '' jael answers . 
 `` they do n't want bugs passing freely among us because it would become impossible to know ` whom to trust . ' 
 no offense , vel . '' 
 the bounty hunter lifts a shoulder in an odd half shrug . 
 `` none taken . '' 
 `` that ca n't be all of it , though . '' 
 hit shakes her head , brow furrowed . 
 i tend to agree . 
 `` if it was just human supremacy rearing its ugly head again , they 'd just kill me . 
 and the next ambassador . 
 and the next , until people got the message and stopped taking the job . 
 groups like the pure populist front do n't operate under the banner of subtlety . '' 
 `` point . 
 so what 's the missing link ? '' 
 jael does n't seem afraid of what 's in the cup , taking a long sip . 
 i get tired of pacing and resume my seat on vel 's other side . 
 he slides me an oblique look , and then says , `` the morgut . '' 
 we all shift , eyeing vel expectantly . 
 he goes on without prompting . 
 `` i have been researching the increased frequency of morgut attacks . 
 in the last thirty days , they have targeted twenty remote stations , outposts and/or research facilities . 
 that is a seventy-five percent increase , correlating to one significant event . 
 i posit that farwan 's fall sent the message that humanity is , at this time , weak and disorganized , thus demarcating you as ideal prey . 
 you also possess the side benefit of being delicious . '' 
 was that a joke , albeit a dark and twisted one ? 
 i grin in appreciation . 
 `` that 's why the conglomerate is desperate to get the ithtorians on board . 
 tarn will do anything to make it happen . '' 
 dina slaps her good knee in realization . 
 `` my politics are rusty , but this makes perfect sense . '' 
 `` enlighten the rest of us , '' hit says with a wry smile . 
 i lean forward as dina explains , `` from what you told me about your encounter with the morgut on emry , vel was the only one they feared . 
 he 's ithtorian , not human , and that makes him a hunter , not prey . 
 he speaks their language , therefore he 's considered an equal . 
 if the ithtorians side with humanity in the burgeoning conflict , that will give the morgut pause , hopefully preventing an escalation to all-out interstellar war , the like of which we have n't seen since - '' `` the axis wars , '' jael finishes flatly . 
 shit . 
 for a moment i just sit there , numb , and hellaciously impressed by dina 's insight . 
 she 's damn smart beneath her gruff facade . 
 then again , i keep forgetting that at one time , she used to be royalty , schooled to see nuances like this . 
 vel nods . 
 `` i concur with that assessment . 
 as before , however , you fail to address the most crucial question . '' 
 thinking is n't my strong suit , so it 's a good thing i 'm surrounded by geniuses . 
 `` what would that be ? '' 
 jael supplies it . 
 `` what does the syndicate stand to gain by promoting a war between humanity and the morgut ? '' 
 `` they sell weapons , '' hit answers at once . 
 `` increased revenues . '' 
 `` it was a rhetorical question , '' the merc grumbles . 
 `` i know that . 
 they also hire out as enforcers , which means they could stand to gain a lot in security contracts . 
 merchant ships in need of protection , special forces hired to guard remote outposts . '' 
 dina nods . 
 `` the possibilities are limitless . 
 if they play it right , they could step into the void left by the corp and edge out the conglomerate entirely . '' 
 `` but to achieve that , '' vel continues , `` they need to discredit sirantha , not execute her . '' 
 `` so we 've been kidnapped . '' 
 my mouth tightens . 
 i have no doubt we 'd have figured it out sooner or later , but surely this helps . 
 instead of taking things at face value , we 're going to be looking for a way out from the jump . 
 we 'll find a way ; we always do . 
 `` i theorize that jewel intends to keep sirantha out of trouble until tarn has no hope of putting a positive spin on her absence , '' vel adds . 
 `` in other words , the syndicate thinks i 'll make a fine scapegoat . 
 that sounds familiar . 
 given my track record , i get to be the worst ambassador ever , possibly rivaling karl fitzwilliam . '' 
 i decide to risk dina 's hospitality after all , but i program my own drink , just in case . 
 mmm , hot choclaste makes everything better . 
 even hearing that you 'll be credited with precipitating the worst conflict since the axis wars . 
 `` depends on how badly the war goes with the morgut , but yes . '' 
 vel finally shifts , steepling his hands together . 
 if he was n't wearing the faux skin , i have no doubt he would be clicking away as a sign of deep thought . 
 jael pushes to his feet . 
 `` we 'd better disperse before they come to find out why we 're meeting in secret . 
 i mean , we can assume they know we know something , and they can try to guess what we know , but nobody really knows what anybody else knows , you know ? '' 
 `` if you do that again , i will kill you . '' 
 hit glares at him . 
 `` i 'm not kidding . '' 
 yep , there 's a reason she gets on so well with dina . 
 not sure where that relationship is heading , and it 's not my business . 
 but it 's good to see her highness smiling again , whatever the reason . 
 crap . 
 i just ordered this drink . 
 with a mental shrug , i drain it in one gulp . 
 it 's meant to be sipped , not slurped , but i 'll be damned if i let it go to waste . 
 nobody 's surprised when hit opts to stay , but i let the guys file out first . 
 i pause at the door . 
 `` look , it 's not what you think . 
 he 's just overzealous , that 's all . '' 
 to my surprise , dina flashes me a sheepish smile . 
 `` yeah , hit talked me out of that . 
 she said she can always tell when somebody 's getting down , and you have n't had any since we left lachion . '' 
 my eyebrows feel like they 're shooting off the top of my head . 
 `` she can do what now ? 
 how ? '' 
 hit smiles . 
 `` if i told you that , i 'd have to kill you . '' 
 `` funny , '' i mutter . 
 `` like i have n't heard that line a thousand times . 
 it was old when your great-grandmamma was young . '' 
 in the pilot 's case , however , it just might be true . 
 i opt not to stick around long enough to find out . 
 i have work to do . 
 * * * chapter 47 we 're on venice minor . 
 kai and i vacationed here once , four years ago . 
 there 's a unique brilliance in the sunshine , and the quality of the air possesses an indefinable sweetness . 
 it actually soothes the lungs as you draw it in , soft and balmy . 
 back then , i laughingly called it paradise , but today it 's my prison , however prettily they package it . 
 and let me say , it 's a fabulous villa , all shimmering white stone designed in faux-classical style . 
 spacious grounds with seven open gardens and terraces invite you to take a stroll ; tiered balconies overflow with miniature fruit trees . 
 yes , you can pluck grapes right off the vine and peaches from the bough . 
 sweetness drizzles from your lips down your chin . 
 though keller and his goons refuse to confirm , i know perfectly well where we are . 
 and the first time i get access to an unsecured terminal , i 'll bounce a message so that the whole world knows , too . 
 they 're not blaming this on me ; i refuse to be held responsible for increased morgut attacks and diplomatic failure on ithiss-tor . 
 maybe i took my role lightly at first , but our time on emry , and later , on lachion , put me ass deep in human suffering . 
 i wo n't stand aside . 
 i wo n't let the syndicate neutralize me with promises of future meetings and astonishing opulence . 
 keller assigned us lavish suites that actually manage to dim the luxury we enjoyed while aboard the ship . 
 i refuse to be distracted by promises of steam baths , pure-earth facials , and deep-tissue massages , however . 
 i pace my gilt-and-ivory cell , feverish with the need to act . 
 everything is coded . 
 it practically requires keller 's permission to take a bath . 
 he plays the role of host quite convincingly . 
 if i did n't know better , i 'd almost believe him when he says , `` mr. jewel has been called away unexpectedly , but he wishes you all to avail yourself of his hospitality in the meantime . '' 
 bullshit . 
 i 'm starting to wonder if this mr. jewel even exists . 
 he might be keller for all i know . 
 the voice that spoke through my mother 's voice was distorted enough that i would n't recognize it if i heard it without augmentation . 
 the first day , i amuse myself playing with the ridiculously sophisticated wardrober that came with my room . 
 the fashionista 4000 has patterns and styles that i 've never seen before . 
 by the time i 'm finished , i 've come a long way toward replenishing all the clothes i 've seen lost or destroyed along the way . 
 in some of them , i might even look like an ambassador , although dina refuses to watch me try on outfits and give me her opinion . 
 too bad , since she 's the only one of us with any experience in such matters . 
 but maybe i should n't have asked because she wears a queer look when she shakes her head . 
 `` that 's all behind me , '' she says quietly . 
 `` i 'm a mechanic now . '' 
 `` yeah , okay . '' 
 i turn from the mirror , clad in a filmy scarlet dress that gives me the look of a fetish vid star not afraid to show some skin . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` i 'm going to go see what hit 's up to . '' 
 the way she leaves makes me sure i 've struck a sore spot . 
 damn , i hate when i 'm an insensitive a ** hole . 
 usually i can see it coming , but this one blindsided me . 
 now that i 'm thinking about it , i can imagine dina sitting in her sister 's rooms , watching them try on clothes , talking about the parties they 'll attend . 
 maybe the coup on tarnus took place twenty years ago , but she still wears the scars . 
 hers just go further than skin deep . 
 with a sigh , i peel off the red gown and don something more sensible : skinny white slacks , white vest , and light woven shoes . 
 while checking to make sure i got the sizing right on the new clothes , i notice that my dark hair 's almost three centimeters long now , and it 's starting to curl . 
 i 'm finally losing the lost-refugee look . 
 with a shrug , i close the closet door . 
 most times , when i look at my reflection , i see the scars to the exclusion of all else . 
 they remind me of the people who died for the corp 's greed ; i carry their shadows in my skin . 
 if i 'm a walking memorial , my life has to mean something . 
 i never used to think along those lines . 
 never saw patterns or purpose-i think that 's march 's influence . 
 i force back the mood shift that threatens at the thought of him . 
 no time for that . 
 i 'll yearn or grieve , or whatever the right emotion is , later . 
 for now i 'll do some poking around ; see what i can find out . 
 mary , i ca n't believe i have to put my faith in a politician like tarn . 
 now that i understand his angle-and what he 's trying to prevent-it scares the shit out of me . 
 i hope he can come up with an explanation for where i am this time . 
 i 'm supposed to be on ielos , inspiring the pioneers that eke out an existence on the winter world . 
 he must think i 'm the biggest fuckup in the world . 
 when we win free , i 'm going to take this job seriously . 
 i can do this . 
 i can be more than jax the jumper . 
 i 've already memorized half the list that vel went over with me . 
 morning to night , 245 drills me mercilessly , and it 's not like i have anything else to do . 
 hit would like to slaughter everyone on the estate and steal a ship . 
 but then she tends to solve all problems with a closed fist , which explains why she and dina get on so well . 
 fortunately , cooler heads have prevailed so far , and we 're doing recon , trying to find out how many men are at this place , what types of ships are docked here , and what security we can expect-vel 's forte . 
 i hate relying on vel , but my options are limited . 
 realizing i 'm pacing , i wheel as i come up against the glastique door that bars me from the terrace . 
 i could key it open , as keller kindly gave me security codes-but it would n't help in the grand scheme of things . 
 we 're prohibited from wandering off estate grounds - `` for your own safety , '' as keller put it-and there 's a shock field around the perimeter to protect us from marauding native animals , since the undeveloped portions of venice minor consist of wild jungle and dense rain forest . 
 well , i have to do something . 
 in the last two days , the only thing i 've achieved is a light tan . 
 while i no longer look so sick or pasty-and daily injections seem to be shoring up my rickety bones-i need to accomplish something substantial . 
 the past months , i 've felt like deadweight that just slows people down . 
 as i 'm getting ready to head out , the door bot tells me , `` you have a visitor , sirantha jax . 
 allow entry ? '' 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 i 've learned something since march walked into my cell on perlas station . 
 i always ask the caller 's id now . 
 after a brief pause , the bot answers , `` vel . '' 
 i find that oddly charming . 
 the bounty hunter does n't use nicknames or terms of endearment , but he 's adopted my mode of address for him ? 
 from what he 's said , his people do n't adopt new customs easily , which makes their ability to mimic alternate forms all the more intriguing . 
 most ithtorians would consider the way vel lives vulgar . 
 there 's a certain stigma attached to concealing his true appearance . 
 the ability developed as a trait meant to enhance hunting prowess , not to allow an ithtorian , who is clearly superior , to pass among the soft skins . 
 `` let him in . '' 
 the door swishes open , and vel steps inside . 
 he 's getting better at smiling in greeting , simulating the type of expression that people wear when they 're happy to see someone . 
 i smile back because whenever he 's around , i feel steadier . 
 `` they gave you the princess room . '' 
 he takes in the elevated bed with its elaborate netting , and the furniture that shimmers with gold . 
 i arch a brow . 
 `` i figured everyone 's room looked like this , which must make you boys feel less than manly . '' 
 he radiates puzzlement , though his face does n't alter noticeably . 
 `` how could a color scheme affect my gender ? '' 
 `` never mind . '' 
 sometimes i forget that while vel might be masculine , he is definitely not a man . 
 `` what 's your room like then ? '' 
 i figure he 'll get around to the reason behind his visit , and it does n't hurt to be social . 
 i could use the practice since the ithtorians will be judging my manners . 
 `` it is green , '' he says . 
 well , that does n't tell me much . 
 thankfully , it does n't matter . 
 `` you want something to eat or drink ? 
 i have a full gourmet kitchen-mate in here . 
 and there 's a peach tree on my balcony . '' 
 i must admit , playing the hostess does n't come natural to me . 
 i 'm ready to demand what he found out , which does n't bode well for my aptitude for political maneuvering . 
 `` if it contains citric acid , i will become ill . 
 thus , i must decline . '' 
 at this point , i give up . 
 i can practice the art of patience later . 
 `` have you finished with your recon ? 
 what can you tell me ? '' 
 he takes a seat on the long , soft white sofa . 
 `` i have . 
 i took a look around the compound , examined security measures , and listened to grubb and boyle for an extended period of time . 
 when they were otherwise occupied , i managed to access one of their personal communication units and i downloaded all relevant data . 
 after lengthy analysis , i believe i have detected a fault in their security that can be exploited . 
 but it will require complex planning and some sleight of hand . '' 
 `` vel , '' i breathe . 
 i somehow manage to control the urge to hug him around the neck . 
 `` i knew you 'd come through . 
 tell me what you need . '' 
 `` it will take everyone , operating in tandem , to make this work , '' he says . 
 `` but i believe i 've located an old terminal in the sublevel of the structure . 
 it has been decommissioned , but if you take dina with you , you should be able to patch back into the system . 
 i do n't believe such a task would surpass her capabilities . '' 
 given that i 've seen her repair a ship with glue , copper wire , and pure voodoo , i 'm sure he 's right . 
 `` okay , what will the rest of you be doing ? '' 
 he tells me . 
 * * * chapter 48 `` you sure jael and hit can pull this off ? '' 
 dina mutters . 
 she has some reason to worry . 
 we laid out a three-prong plan , and if anything goes wrong , we 'll be in the soup for sure . 
 timing is crucial . 
 it 's a good thing we learned to rely on each other in the tunnels ; otherwise , we would n't have dared risk something on this scale . 
 we 're down in the basement , not somewhere we should be wandering . 
 i doubt we could convince anyone we 're sightseeing . 
 this will work , though . 
 it has to . 
 i c * ck a brow at her . 
 `` do you think we 're better qualified to take out targets quickly and quietly ? '' 
 dina responds with a withering look . 
 `` do n't be an idiot . 
 you have the schematics ? '' 
 after a few uninterrupted days of exercise and emp stimulation , she 's walking so much better that it takes me a minute to understand why she 's so touchy . 
 i 'd never know she had a transplant such a short time ago . 
 her limp is n't even debilitating now ; it just throws off her gait some . 
 doc did a good job picking the replacement limb . 
 wisely , i decide not to mention any of those thoughts . 
 `` right here . '' 
 i loft 245 , who does n't say anything . 
 but she 's powered up , ready to play her role . 
 i do n't know if this is genius or desperation , but if i had to guess , i 'd call it a reckless marriage of the two . 
 the tricky part arises from not being able to check the others ' status , because our comms ca n't connect to the wireless system . 
 or rather , are n't being permitted to do so . 
 we 're welcome to use their terminals for room-to-room calls , of course . 
 yeah , right . 
 `` if vel does his part on time , we 'll get in and out in less than two minutes . '' 
 the alternative goes unspoken . 
 if he does n't , alarms sound , keller 's goons come running , and-well , i 'm not sure what comes next , but i 'd guess it 's not good . 
 i imagine there 's a limit to what they 're willing to put up with . 
 they could transfer me to an altogether-less-agreeable prison , or if they lose patience with the babysitting job entirely , they might off me . 
 as jael pointed out , these guys do n't make money off valuing human life . 
 as we pause outside the door , i scan the hallway , take a deep breath , and then activate 245 . 
 `` johann keller , requesting access . '' 
 she can reproduce a voice with a 98.5 percent accuracy . 
 let 's see if that gets us in the door . 
 vel should 've patched into the cameras by now , so if anyone 's watching , it looks like we 're not here . 
 `` granted , '' the bot tells us politely . 
 we hasten into the room before something can go wrong , and the door slides closed behind us . 
 i draw up short , causing dina to slam into my back . 
 her weight makes me oof , and i nearly drop 245 , who responds with a cautionary , `` be careful , sirantha jax . 
 in your current financial state , you can not afford to replace me . '' 
 `` i could n't replace you even if i had a trillion credits , '' i tell her . 
 dina ignores us as she scowls at where we 've ended up . 
 droid parts litter the filthy counters , and a half dozen broken units lean up against the wall-chassis , arms , legs , even heads . 
 something stands in the far corner , covered by a tarp . 
 no terminals , not even the decommed one vel 's schematics reflected . 
 shit . 
 `` i do n't think we 'll find anything useful in here . '' 
 the mechanic looks like she wants to slap me . 
 `` no shit . 
 they must 've made some changes since those plans were uploaded . '' 
 `` or they planted the wrong ones on purpose . '' 
 i would n't put it past them . 
 nothing like running us around for entertainment . 
 it saves them worrying that we might actually accomplish something . 
 keeps us busy until the elusive mr. jewel sees fit to turn up and deal with us . 
 well , i 'll be damned if i 'll wait . 
 there has to be something we can use . 
 i start to rummage quickly , not knowing whether there are cameras in here . 
 i ca n't spot any of the usual tells , but the room is dark and grimy with months of accumulated dust . 
 whoever used to tinker down here does n't anymore . 
 `` what 're you doing ? '' 
 dina wants to know . 
 `` this is a complete waste of time . '' 
 `` is it ? '' 
 i yank the cover off the thing in the corner and only just manage not to stagger back in shock . 
 her eyes widen , just as mine do . 
 `` well , maybe not . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she comes over to examine what i 've found . 
 at first i thought it was a dead body , but the flesh feels smooth and supple when i poke it . 
 for all intents , we 've found a woman down in storage , eyes closed as if in repose . 
 she has brown hair and an aesthetically perfect face that comes from a composite of many beautiful people . 
 bracing herself on the wall , dina bends and lifts its bare foot . 
 `` she 's a lila , one of pretty robotics 's older models . 
 see the logo stamped on her insole ? 
 they changed the line about five years ago and shifted away from classical beauty , went more for the lush , showy designs . '' 
 `` bigger boobs ? '' 
 i guess . 
 `` among other assets . '' 
 `` is she broken ? '' 
 why else would she have been dumped down here ? 
 `` lem me take a look . '' 
 she pops a panel on the droid 's forearm , taps a few buttons , but nothing happens . 
 `` looks like her chip is fried . 
 expensive repair . '' 
 `` unless ... '' i look at 245 , hold her up beside the lila . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 she 's been asking for a way to join the action . 
 could you manage a brain transplant ? '' 
 `` it 's not my forte , but maybe . 
 i have a knack with most machines . '' 
 `` i can help , '' 245 volunteers . 
 `` once you begin the process , i can tell you what connections remain to be made and what systems i am able to control . '' 
 `` let 's try it , '' dina decides . 
 `` this unit may have security clearances that 245 can exploit . 
 that alone makes it worth tackling . 
 plus i like a challenge . 
 jax , find me some tools . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 i barely manage not to salute and call her `` your highness '' just to rag on her . 
 after what happened earlier , i 'd rather not test dina 's mood , particularly not when my very helpful , damn-near-indispensable personal assistant depends on her good offices . 
 `` this is n't going to be a quick in and out , '' she warns me . 
 `` in the original plan , vel only gives us ten minutes to bounce a message out , telling tarn where we are . '' 
 `` then let 's hope the third prong works without a hitch . 
 if jael and hit take care of the goons for us , maybe nobody will come looking . '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` and maybe this room is n't on camera . 
 we ca n't worry about it now . 
 the die is cast . 
 hand me the silver one . 
 no , smaller than that . '' 
 i feel like a particularly inept medical assistant , but i pass her the implement as she begins the procedure . 
 dina actually unscrews the top of the droid 's skull , lifting it off , hair and all . 
 disembodied , the mass of shimmering chestnut hair looks macabre on the dirty table . 
 i look away in time to find dina another tool , this one with a curved end . 
 the model 's head is empty ; they 've already scrapped the ruined bits apparently . 
 to my untrained eye , it looks as if she could just set 245 in there . 
 the space inside the droid 's skull seems perfectly sized to accommodate my pa. . 
 she confirms that with an astonished murmur . 
 `` i had no idea the pleasure models could be adapted for business so easily . '' 
 `` i believe you will need to remove my external casing , '' 245 tells us . 
 `` if you were not present , sirantha jax , and your correct security codes active , such a procedure would destroy me , along with everything in my data banks . '' 
 `` but it 's safe now ? 
 because i 'm here , and i 've ... authorized the installation ? '' 
 i 'm not sure what else to call it . 
 `` it should be . '' 
 but she sounds unsure . 
 `` there are risks associated with exposing my inner workings , but they should be minimized if i am swiftly housed in my new casing . '' 
 heh . 
 only 245 would call this slim , perfect body a casing . 
 i wonder how she 'll deal with men hitting on her . 
 and they certainly will . 
 `` well , let 's get it done before we 're interrupted . '' 
 dina takes 245 from my hands , and damn if i do n't feel like an anxious parent . 
 `` how do i get you open ? 
 i do n't see any seams . '' 
 that strikes me weird , too , akin to asking a patient to consult on her own surgery . 
 however , 245 responds with aplomb . 
 `` i will raise the temperature of the two spots on either side where you must apply pressure . '' 
 dina closes her eyes , running her fingertips along the sides of the sphere . 
 `` got it . 
 here and here . '' 
 and 245 pops into segments with tiny silver screws showing . 
 `` that is correct . 
 be sure to ground yourself before touching any of my sensitive components . '' 
 i feel myself start to sweat . 
 it trickles down my neck to the small of my back . 
 `` you sure you know what you 're doing ? '' 
 the mechanic glares . 
 `` will you shut up ? 
 you 're making me nervous . 
 and i need a steady hand . '' 
 `` do not worry , '' the pa reassures me . 
 `` all will be well , sirantha jax . 
 but perhaps you should permit us some room to work . '' 
 and stop watching , i add silently . 
 `` fine . '' 
 i take a deep breath . 
 `` i 'll be over here if you need me . 
 guarding the door . 
 or something . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 dina 's already lost interest in my angst , getting straight to work . 
 i turn my back , hoping for the best . 
 * * * chapter 49 the operation is a success . 
 for a moment , i just watch 245 taking her first steps . 
 her movements are jerky and unsure , but she 's doing it . 
 the way she moves her head strikes me as unnatural , too , scanning rather than looking , but at least she 's ambulatory . 
 i 'm so proud . 
 `` this is very interesting , '' she says in the voice i chose for her . 
 `` great job , dina . '' 
 she shrugs like it 's no big deal , but i can see that she wants to smile . 
 `` it was n't too bad once you left me alone . 
 we should get out of here , though . '' 
 `` agreed . 
 shall we , 245 ? '' 
 `` i have given that a considerable amount of thought , '' she tells me . 
 `` and i believe a numeric designation is no longer appropriate . '' 
 `` what did you pick ? '' 
 i fiddle with the controls , but i ca n't get the door open . 
 `` constance , '' she answers . 
 `` it means constant or steadfast . 
 i will take the surname riddle because of my nature . '' 
 i like it , actually , not that my approval is paramount . 
 `` good choice . 
 can you get us out of here , constance ? '' 
 `` let me try . '' 
 she pauses , head tilted . 
 `` this unit possesses basic clearances . 
 let 's see if these codes still work . '' 
 they do , and the door slides open . 
 we step out into the dark hallway , so different from the ivory elegance of the upper stories . 
 keller comes around a corner and heads right for us . 
 too late to run . 
 my heart races . 
 by his expression , he is n't sure what we 're doing down here . 
 well , that makes two of us . 
 i hope 245 , er , constance keeps quiet . 
 if she speaks , he 's going to know she is n't programmed to simulate sexual arousal . 
 `` that unit is broken , '' he says by way of greeting . 
 `` the boys got a little rough with her one night . '' 
 ew . 
 it explains why she was in storage , though . 
 `` dina repaired her , '' i answer , trying to project the old jax , the party girl people saw on the vids . 
 `` it 's pretty quiet around here . 
 so we 're going to have a little party . 
 you want to come ? '' 
 keller seems undecided . 
 my skin crawls . 
 if he says yes , we 'll have to kill him . 
 it wo n't be as quick and elegant as hit could manage , but we 'll get the job done . 
 making matters worse , i 'll have to play the femme fatale . 
 dina does n't have the hetero skill set , and constance ca n't pass as a pleasure droid . 
 i try on what i hope is a flirtatious smile , and run my fingertips down the front of his shirt . 
 he steps back . 
 `` i 'm afraid i ca n't mix business with pleasure . 
 i need to find grubb and boyle . 
 but do n't let me get in the way of your good time . '' 
 thank mary , he 's going to let us take the bot without questioning the repair . 
 if he knew anything about the damage to this model , he 'd realize there was no way to fix her without a new personality chip . 
 we brush past him , heading for the lift , but my pulse does n't slow until we put a floor between us . 
 `` he 's not going to find grubb and boyle , is he ? '' 
 i need a minute to figure out our next move . 
 we should 've gotten a message out by now , and apart from having found a body for 245 , which was n't exactly urgent , we 're no better off . 
 i lead the way down the hall , away from this part of the house at least . 
 the other two follow . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 we did n't send a kind , gentle team to take care of them , did we ? 
 when keller finds them - '' `` we become venice minor 's most wanted , '' i finish . 
 `` would you really have f ** ked him ? '' 
 dina raises a brow at me . 
 `` i was going to distract him so you could hit him in the head . '' 
 she grins . 
 `` good thinking . '' 
 `` his heart raced in an unusual manner , '' constance observes . 
 hearing 245 's voice come out of this gorgeous woman gives me a little start . 
 `` that signifies excitement , nervousness , or anxiety , does it not ? '' 
 `` you could tell that ? '' 
 i realize i have no idea what this pretty robotics model is capable of . 
 i always preferred my companions with a pulse . 
 `` i am able to monitor physiological reactions , '' she confirms . 
 `` pulse , respiration , body temperature . 
 i believe my predecessor may have used it to gauge reactions to her overtures . '' 
 `` but with some adaptation , you could use it as a lie detector , '' dina says . 
 `` that could come in handy . '' 
 in my role as ambassador , assuming i ever get there , it would prove invaluable . 
 constance apparently agrees because she answers , `` i need more data regarding the normal spectrum for nonhumans , but yes . 
 i could utilize my sensors in that manner . '' 
 `` my secret weapon , '' i say . 
 `` will i be a secret ? '' 
 the droid asks . 
 `` do you plan to pass me as human ? '' 
 i have n't begun to think of that , or the ethical pitfalls involved . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 is that legal ? '' 
 `` i can check my data banks . '' 
 dina shakes her head at both of us . 
 `` stay focused , please . 
 you can worry about the ai precedents later . '' 
 as we move , the villa seems ominously silent . 
 but if vel , jael , and hit have done their jobs well , the place might well be devoid of life , except for us . 
 i have n't heard the report of weapons , nothing but the soft rasp of our shoes against the patterned tile floor . 
 time runs against us . 
 every minute i spend here and not on ielos works against us . 
 tarn 's excuses wo n't hold forever . 
 `` we need to expedite an escape , do we not ? '' 
 constance must 've been running the problem over from various angles . 
 i nod . 
 `` that 's the idea . '' 
 `` perhaps my basic clearances will work on a communication terminal , '' constance suggests . 
 `` they may not have blocked them because prior to my installation , this unit would never have possessed the impetus to use such a device . '' 
 i stare at her for a moment . 
 `` that 's an astonishingly simple yet brilliant idea . 
 your room is closest , '' i add to dina . 
 `` let 's see if this 'll work . '' 
 the mechanic 's room is quite unlike mine , more masculine , done in mahogany and gold . 
 our quarters share certain amenities , however , such as the spacious floor plan and luxurious appointments . 
 her bed does n't have the intricate netting , however , or the fanciful carvings on the head-board . 
 constance heads for the terminal and keys in her codes . 
 we share a tense moment , and then she glances at me , as if in search of approval . 
 i step up behind her in time to see the screen flash to a new set of options . 
 `` security for the whole house uses the same central computer , which accepts the same algorithmic sequences , '' she explains . 
 `` so what works for the doors also works on the terminals . '' 
 being mechanically minded , dina figures it out much faster . 
 `` do n't just sit there , bounce a message . '' 
 `` i have chancellor tarn 's node address , but i require content . '' 
 with her looking like a vid actress , it 's harder to remember how literal she can be . 
 `` tell him we 're being held on venice minor by the syndicate , and we need help . '' 
 `` can you attach a worm to the message so he can trace the message to its origin ? '' 
 dina asks . 
 `` that 'll help him find us faster . 
 and bury it in the subsystem logs if you can , so it 's not immediately noticeable if someone is monitoring communications . '' 
 for several tense , nerve-wracking moments , we watch her work the terminal with all the care of a tightrope dancer . 
 she 's clumsy with her fingers at first , unused to such an imperfect interface . 
 and then columns of symbols and numbers pour down the display panel , green tinged , yellow tinged . 
 so far so good . 
 `` yes , yes , and done , '' constance tells us at last . 
 `` after sending it , i altered the time stamp to conceal it from prying eyes . 
 if there is no secondary screening system , our message should reach the chancellor within twelve hours . '' 
 twelve hours . 
 but we do n't know how long it 'll take to get somebody out here . 
 maybe we should n't count on him . 
 but maybe he can spin things with the truth . 
 i can see the talking heads now : the new terran ambassador has been kidnapped . 
 no ransom demands have been received as yet ... the timing of the door chime makes me jump , and dina looks edgy as a chem-head in search of her next fix . 
 i look around for a weapon . 
 find nothing . 
 they confiscated all our hardware before we boarded , and we have n't seen any of it since . 
 jaw clenched , i take up a heavy bronze statuette on a side table while dina takes up position on the other side of the door , beside the control panel . 
 i nod . 
 it 's her room . 
 `` what ? '' 
 that 's classic dina right there , down to the irascible tone . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 hit asks . 
 `` can i come in ? '' 
 `` fine , '' dina answers , unlocking the door . 
 the tension drains out of me as dina lets the pilot in . 
 jael strolls in behind her , but he draws up short when he catches sight of constance , now sitting on the sofa . 
 well away from the terminal . 
 smart . 
 this should be fun . 
 `` well then . 
 i had no idea you 'd made such a charming friend , or i 'd have been back long before now . 
 how 'd things go by the way ? '' 
 `` we got the job done , '' dina answers briefly . 
 `` you ? '' 
 jael smiles . 
 `` us , too . '' 
 my gaze fixes on a small splotch of blood on the collar of his pale blue shirt . 
 though they do n't tell us where they hid the bodies , the syndicate is down five hired thugs . 
 * * * chapter 50 we 're deep in strategy sessions of phase two . 
 so far , the best idea is to steal a shuttle that 's strong enough to handle straight space , turn on the distress signal , and wait for rescue . 
 i do n't like the uncertainty , however . 
 there 's no telling who might pick us up . 
 at least this jewel has a vested interest in my survival , since he wants to use me . 
 then again , there 's no telling what he might do when he discovers we 've been picking off his guys . 
 we need to get out of here , one way or another . 
 still , i ca n't regret leaving lachion with them . 
 the arrival of another conglomerate ship might 've had disastrous consequences for gunnar-dahlgren . 
 their battle is going to be hard enough . 
 `` i have studied their security in some detail , '' vel says . 
 `` and the only vessel we can access is the mini scheduled for repair . 
 using constance 's clearance codes , i assigned some tech droids to begin work immediately . 
 since it was not scheduled for maintenance until next week , they should not consider it a flight risk . '' 
 `` how long before it 's operational ? '' 
 dina asks . 
 `` eight hours total , '' the bounty hunter answers . 
 `` seven hours remaining . 
 i could not divert the entire fleet without arousing some suspicion . 
 if this place were not almost entirely automated , questions would have arisen already . '' 
 `` a point in our favor , '' jael notes . 
 `` and since the place is so big , they 're probably still looking for the guys who went missing . '' 
 `` how many do you think are on the grounds ? '' 
 i do n't want to think about fighting our way out of here . 
 syndicate or not , i 've seen enough bloodshed to last a lifetime . 
 plus dina and i still qualify as the weakest links . 
 we ca n't hold our own in a fight yet . 
 i 'm stronger than i was-and so is she-but neither of us could take on a trained enforcer . 
 but maybe vel , hit , and jael are strong enough to make up the difference . 
 `` in all ? '' 
 hit asks . 
 i nod . 
 the pilot looks thoughtful . 
 `` for a place of this size , at least ten . 
 madame kang would have insisted on twenty , though . 
 but she relied more on manpower than technology . 
 she was old-fashioned in some ways . '' 
 `` perhaps the extra guards travel with the one called mr. jewel , '' constance suggests . 
 `` in his absence , there is less to protect , only material goods , which can be replaced more easily than a person of some importance . '' 
 jael squinches up his eyes at the droid , probably in remembered embarrassment . 
 i let him flirt with her for a good five minutes before explaining why dina and i were snickering . 
 vel agrees . 
 `` when their leader arrives , we will likely have more men with which to contend . '' 
 `` all the more reason to get our asses out of here , '' dina says flatly . 
 `` we should stay together , and in seven hours , we make a run for the shuttle . '' 
 `` if we have to shoot our way out , so be it . '' 
 jael spins a laser pistol he took off one of the guards . 
 `` do n't even think about taking that thing on board , '' hit warns him . 
 the merc glares at her . 
 `` you think i 'm stupid ? 
 i could dismantle that little skiff we 're taking up with a sonicblade , let alone one of these . 
 and i do n't intend to experience the joy of vacuum firsthand . '' 
 two alphas , one small ship . 
 this will be fun . 
 `` settle down , '' i say aloud . 
 `` jael wo n't be taking any laser weapons up . 
 he may look young , but he 's not devoid of sense . '' 
 to my surprise , he slides me a layered look that ends in a half smile . 
 by his expression , he read something significant into my defense , but i do n't have time to figure out what . 
 maybe he has n't been accepted like this before , and he appreciates when i have his back ; i hope that 's all it is . 
 hit does n't know he 's bred , though , or she might be reluctant to work with him . 
 i do n't know her well enough to gauge her prejudices . 
 vel says , `` we should pack up our gear and convey it to a central location . '' 
 i suspect i wo n't be able to carry all the clothes i made in the wardrober , let alone fit them all in my pack . 
 that holds three or four outfits at best , so i need to pick my favorites . 
 when i reach ielos , i want to make a good impression . 
 i refuse to think about alternative outcomes . 
 we 'll do this , and i 'll be a real ambassador . 
 i 'll do anything to make this work with ithiss-tor . 
 i 'll even stick to tarn 's script if i have to , because i finally understand what 's at stake . 
 i wish the bastard had leveled with me before we left new terra . 
 then again , maybe i would have taken his fear as political maneuvering . 
 maybe i would n't have taken the threat seriously without seeing the carnage on emry station . 
 i push to my feet . 
 `` come on , constance . 
 let 's go make you a new outfit . 
 you ca n't wear that to diplomatic functions . '' 
 the droid tips her head , studying her shiny silver halter dress . 
 `` it does look more appropriate for one who makes a living selling sexual favors , does it not ? '' 
 she startles a laugh out of me although she was n't joking . 
 the lila unit does precisely that , so she was stating a fact . 
 constance watches us , as if trying to puzzle out why jael , dina , and hit are laughing along with me , but she and vel are not . 
 `` yep . 
 let 's meet back here in six hours . 
 get your stuff , take a nap , but one way or another , we 're out of here . '' 
 `` ideally , tarn will flag a ship already in the area , '' jael puts in . 
 `` send someone to snag us . '' 
 `` let 's not think about everything that could go wrong . '' 
 hit makes herself comfortable on dina 's couch , so i guess she does n't need to pack . 
 or maybe her stuff 's already here . 
 not my business , but i admit to a certain amount of curiosity as to how dina seduces every other woman she meets . 
 i mean , she 's strong rather than svelte , with broad , muscular shoulders and a thick build . 
 she does have gorgeous green eyes , though , and hair that shimmers like gold silk . 
 maybe it 's the contrast between strength and softness . 
 `` keep staring at me like that , jax , and i 'll think you see something you like . '' 
 she raises her gaze to give me a smoky half smile . 
 okay , even i register a small spark when she levels that look on me . 
 i do n't even try to play it off . 
 i flirt back a little . 
 `` nice try . 
 but i 'm not having you break march 's heart by being irresistible . '' 
 the mechanic grins . 
 `` it 's a curse . '' 
 `` we meet back in six hours , '' jael cuts in . 
 at my arched brow , he shrugs . 
 `` a guy can only take so much . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' hit says . 
 `` they always picture themselves in the middle of the action , whether it has anything to do with them or not . '' 
 leaving them to bicker , i head for the door . 
 constance falls into step beside me ; already she moves with more assurance . 
 `` getting the hang of it ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` of what ? '' 
 `` the whole having-a-body experience . '' 
 she considers that . 
 `` i find it difficult to judge distances . 
 i keep walking into walls where i should turn . '' 
 `` we 'll work on it . '' 
 the halls remain eerily empty as we make our way back to my suite . 
 first i show constance how to use the wardrober , and leave her looking at patterns . 
 then i make myself a snack . 
 she looks so real that i 'm tempted to offer her something to eat . 
 so i ask about that . 
 `` can you eat ? 
 as part of your companion function ? '' 
 she pauses , tilting her head in a way that tells me she 's accessing secondary systems . 
 `` this casing has a receptacle for masticated foodstuff , which needs to be emptied within twenty-four hours , or i would become malodorous . '' 
 everything a rich , lonely man needs in order to pretend he has a real woman by his side . 
 `` do n't worry , i wo n't need you to use such social functions . '' 
 `` i am not worried , '' she tells me . 
 `` i am here to facilitate all matters for you , sirantha jax . 
 if that should involve simulating social intercourse , i am happy to oblige , now that i have a casing designed for such work . '' 
 i do n't quite know what to say to that . 
 does that mean she 'd let me pimp her out ? 
 then again , she 's still an ai , no matter how fond i may have become of her . 
 there 's a thin gray line between sentient and self-willed . 
 the wardrober hums as it produces a sober black suit . 
 my pa has a strict sense of business attire , i guess . 
 with no sense of decorum , she immediately begins disrobing . 
 `` you may not want to do that with anyone else in the room , '' i advise . 
 she peers at me through a white blouse . 
 `` it is impolite ? '' 
 `` something like that . '' 
 i start going through my clothes , picking out the ones that look sophisticated enough to pass on any world , regardless of local fashions . 
 lots of black , some silvery gray , and a filmy white outfit that does nice things for my newly tanned skin . 
 that will have to do for now . 
 i wonder how march will like the new me . 
 where is he now ? 
 lost in the war he should n't have chosen ? 
 does he ever think of me ? 
 and will i recognize him if he comes back to me ? 
 i touch the gaudy ring he gave me as a promise , now suspended around my throat on a thin golden chain . 
 that contact does n't give me any sense of him , not a magical talisman , or a link to what we 've lost . 
 he might be dead . 
 for a moment , the need to have march by my side overwhelms me . 
 the longing steals my breath , nearly bends me double . 
 `` keep an eye on things , '' i tell constance . 
 `` i 'm going to get some sleep . '' 
 it 's that or weep , and i need to keep it together . 
 i sprawl on the bed . 
 the next thing i know , my comm beeps red with an incoming message . 
 i have no way of gauging how long i 've been out . 
 `` accept , '' i call to the terminal . 
 then a disembodied voice-no accompanying image - says , `` jewel will see you now . '' 
 * * * chapter 51 as catastrophes go , this one is fairly dire . 
 `` warn the others , '' i mutter to constance . 
 i honestly thought we were being held indefinitely . 
 i did n't think there was any such person named jewel , and if there was , based on what grubb and boyle said , he had no intention of meeting with me . 
 we did n't factor this eventuality into the plan . 
 and we 're just forty-five minutes from departure , too . 
 i try to calm down . 
 the others will figure out a way around this . 
 nobody will interfere with a pleasure droid roaming the halls , so she 'll get word to them . 
 i just need to stall for time . 
 when i come out into the pale , cool corridor , i find keller waiting for me . 
 `` did you enjoy your party ? '' 
 there 's definitely an upside to being portrayed as a brainless thrillseeker on the news vids . 
 generally , my reputation works against me , but here , it serves us well . 
 `` very much . '' 
 i offer a sweet smile . 
 `` you should have come along . '' 
 `` unfortunately , business arose from my employer 's imminent arrival . 
 you 'll wait in the central salon . '' 
 right . 
 that shuts me up as nothing else could have . 
 instead i listen to our footsteps echoing ahead of us . 
 all too soon , keller deposits me in a large , overly empty lounge , complete with ornate floral arrangements and a rushing fountain in the center of the room . 
 the chairs grouped here and there look stiff and formal , more for show than comfort . 
 `` would you like refreshments ? '' 
 keller asks , suddenly obsequious . 
 `` it should n't be long now . '' 
 i feel oddly like the prisoner whose last request can not be denied . 
 so i refuse everything and elect to remain standing . 
 i 'd rather be ready to run . 
 keller nods , heading for a hallway other than the one we entered through . 
 i wander the room while trying to pretend i 'm not conscious of the minutes ticking away . 
 i hope constance has gotten word to the others by now . 
 i do n't hear any footsteps beneath the rushing fountain , but i sense i have company . 
 pinning on a smile , i turn - and find my mother standing there . 
 shit . 
 i did n't see that coming . 
 `` they 're holding you , too ? 
 are you all right ? '' 
 i 'm not the most dutiful daughter , i admit , but we 'll take her with us when we go . 
 as she glides closer , i see she looks different than she did at the coffeehouse . 
 she carries herself with an indefinable air of confidence down to her perfectly manicured fingertips . 
 today she 's not a trembling bundle of nerves , fearing for her life . 
 ramona jax lent me my bone structure , but she fills out a dress better than i do . 
 rejuvenex treatments have left her smooth-skinned and ageless . 
 `` i 'm surprised you have n't put it together , '' she says with a faint half smile . 
 `` put ... '' and then it clicks . 
 `` you 're jewel . 
 there 's no man behind the mirror , or rather ... he is you . 
 how the hell - '' `` did you think your father 's pathetic little art gallery funded our lifestyle ? 
 honestly , sirantha , sometimes i think you 're more his child than mine . 
 if i did n't know you 'd gotten your need for adrenaline from me , i 'd suspect the worst . '' 
 she 's good , amazingly good , if she fooled march . 
 maybe she 's like me , completely compartmentalized - maybe that 's where i got the ability . 
 so she can be the terrified victim one moment and a ruthless syndicate boss the next . 
 i do n't even know what to ask first . 
 no wonder jewel did n't want me harmed . 
 whatever else can be said of my mother , she possesses enough vanity not to want to erase her own genetic legacy . 
 unless she has to . 
 looking at her now , i can honestly say i 've never seen her true face before . 
 she 's only ever shown me the feather-headed socialite . 
 but in reality , she 's pure steel wrapped in shiny paper . 
 `` what do you mean , i got that from you ? '' 
 `` i always wanted more , too , '' she answers . 
 `` i was always after the next thrill ; i just hid it better , that 's all . 
 i still ca n't believe i convinced your father to ... '' ramona lifts her shoulders in an eloquent shrug . 
 `` during a jump . 
 it 's no wonder you love grimspace so well . '' 
 i actually stagger back a step . 
 `` i was ... conceived in grimspace ? '' 
 as if i have n't spoken , she bypasses me in a cloud of expensive perfume , programming a serving droid with a drink order . 
 `` do you still like that dreadful tokaji cuvee ? '' 
 fine , i 'll pretend this is a reunion . 
 for now . 
 my head reels with the implications . 
 it 's a wonder i 'm not brain damaged , if that 's where i got my start . 
 mary , doc would have a field day with this info . 
 `` i have n't had it in years , too dear for my blood these days . '' 
 `` come , darling , do n't be coy . 
 you 've done quite well for yourself , considering the initial course you chose . '' 
 knowing this will irk her , i say deliberately , `` i do n't have a single credit to my name , mother . 
 simon managed to snatch it all , and now my personal assets are tied up in the farwan financial debacle . '' 
 she dismisses that with a wave of the hand . 
 `` nothing a good barrister ca n't sort out . 
 i meant in terms of prestige , sirantha . 
 i have use for an ambassador . '' 
 `` i 'm not going to let you use me , '' i bite out . 
 `` those days are done . 
 they have been for a while . '' 
 the bot returns with our drinks , its abdomen opening to reveal a silver tray . 
 i accept mine , but i do n't know if i should drink it . 
 would she stoop to drugging me ? 
 i honestly do n't know . 
 i hold the glass to the light , admiring the burnished gold of a good sweet wine . 
 i spoke the truth-haven ' t had this vintage in years-made from grapes , raisins , peach , apricot , and underlaid with eucalyptus . 
 everything i drink is either synthetic or some horrendous homebrew that burns like acid going down . 
 gets you drunk just the same , though , which was my goal back then . 
 `` it 's not tainted , '' she says . 
 `` i do n't need to resort to such measures . 
 after all , i have you precisely where i want you . '' 
 `` do you ? '' 
 `` indeed . 
 or perhaps you think you 've accomplished something by sneaking around the villa , lurking here and there like common criminals . '' 
 `` it 's better to be an uncommon criminal like you ? '' 
 `` i 'm a businesswoman , '' she says with unruffled aplomb . 
 `` you distressed your father so much , you know , when you left that expensive finishing school . 
 he wanted you to follow in his footsteps and manage the gallery after him . 
 as if he ever earned a single credit without my help . '' 
 `` you came from a good family . '' 
 i 'm struggling to understand . 
 `` how did you fall into ... this ? '' 
 i ca n't imagine the things she 's done for the syndicate . 
 do n't want to . 
 her dark eyes have no bottom , and to my fevered imagination , it seems ... no soul . 
 no moral compass that tells her right from wrong . 
 there 's a calculator instead , measuring value versus expenditure . 
 `` i made a few investments with them , quietly , of course , and without your father 's knowledge . 
 he never would 've approved . '' 
 outrage sharpens my voice . 
 `` you think ? 
 maybe that 's because he had a conscience , and he would n't have wanted to spend credits that came from misery , vice , and murder . '' 
 `` he did n't mind spending my money on ugly , expensive paintings that nobody ever bought , '' she snaps . 
 `` he had no business or aesthetic sense at all . '' 
 oh , i hit a nerve with that . 
 for a moment , i let myself enjoy the sensation . 
 she does n't hold all the cards like she thinks she does . 
 our little group possesses skills she ca n't imagine . 
 nausea sweeps over me when i put it together . 
 `` you killed him . 
 or had him killed . 
 and then put out word that he 'd used a eutha-booth . '' 
 she does n't even try to deny it . 
 `` his little hobby was expensive and tiresome . 
 and with the expansion to my territory , i needed the freedom to come and go without awkward questions . '' 
 `` after so many years together , that 's all he was to you ? 
 awkward , expensive , and tiresome ? '' 
 i 'm gazing into the eyes of a monster . 
 i ca n't let down my guard-the fact that she 's my mother provides no guarantees . 
 i know that now . 
 `` your father was obsolete , '' she says in final tones . 
 like machinery . 
 i tuck this new hurt away with all the others , to be dealt with later . 
 if i do n't get away from her , there will be no later . 
 she 'll figure out some way to use me , or she 'll dispose of me . 
 for her , there are no other options . 
 she prefers the former , but she wo n't balk at the latter . 
 `` well , if you 'd kill him , of course you would n't hesitate to start a war . '' 
 i sound calm , much calmer than i feel . 
 `` you really do n't care that thousands of people will die ? 
 do you know what the bodies look like after a morgut attack ? '' 
 `` i 'm told it 's quite painless , '' she assures me . 
 `` the first bite injects a neurotoxin that blocks the nerve endings , resulting in paralysis . '' 
 `` and there 's money to be made . 
 weapons to sell . 
 private security contracts . '' 
 i test our theories to see how close we came to the truth . 
 `` at least you sorted out what , if not who . 
 you 're a bright girl , sirantha . '' 
 i wonder if she had anything to do with the assassination attempt on new terra . 
 `` did you blow up my skimmer ? 
 what happened , you thought better of trying to use me after we had coffee ? '' 
 ramona shakes her head . 
 `` that was a simple misunderstanding . 
 i disciplined the person involved in the error . '' 
 `` how many pieces did he end up in ? '' 
 `` twelve . '' 
 and i do n't think she 's joking . 
 `` i 'm sorry my men broke into your quarters . 
 they seemed to think i wanted you terrorized for some reason , as if fear ever governs women like us . '' 
 she laughs lightly . 
 i hate that she lumps me in with her . 
 if this is how she runs things , i bet she does n't pay much in pensions . 
 it also explains keller 's handling of the poor bastard who f ** ked up in the nav chair . 
 thank mary , that had nothing to do with me . 
 `` you 're one scary bitch , '' i say , shaking my head . 
 `` i had no idea . '' 
 `` you still do n't . '' 
 she tips back her head and drains her drink . 
 `` for instance ... i 'm having your crew killed as we speak . '' 
 i turn for the door , draw up short at the sound of laser fire . 
 unless they changed plans after constance got to them-if she did-they 're all gathered together , waiting for me . 
 shit . 
 she smiles . 
 `` in fact , they might already be dead . '' 
 * * * chapter 52 l refuse to show fear . 
 `` you do n't know them as well as i do . '' 
 for the first time , i 'm glad march is n't here . 
 i prefer he never finds out how much crazy runs up and down my family tree . 
 `` you 're expecting them to burst in and take me hostage , sirantha ? '' 
 ramona lofts a brow in gentle skepticism . 
 `` keller and his team can handle them . 
 you did n't honestly think grubb and boyle were our best , did you ? 
 there 's a reason i culled you from the herd now , darling . 
 i did n't want you caught in the cross fire . '' 
 `` i do n't think you realize you caught one of madame kang 's best when you cast your net . '' 
 a shot in the dark , because surely keller mentioned it . 
 the name means nothing to me , but it inspired fear in her hired goons . 
 maybe it 'll affect my mother the same way . 
 her eyes widen , and something swirls in their empty depths . 
 `` lies . 
 all kang 's girls died when we raided her on gehenna . '' 
 `` not all , '' hit calls . 
 `` she may be gone , but i remember everything she taught me . 
 you sent ten men for four of us ? '' 
 her laugh rings out . 
 from another direction , echoing oddly , i hear jael 's voice . 
 `` you underestimated jax 's crew . 
 bet you rue that later . '' 
 `` if we let you , '' vel adds . 
 i ca n't tell where any of them are . 
 it sounds like they 've got the place surrounded , though , and i assume they 're all armed . 
 so does ramona . 
 she makes a great show of holding up her hands . 
 `` you win , '' she says lightly . 
 but fury seethes in her eyes . 
 `` i 'm helpless now . 
 show yourselves so i can surrender . '' 
 she 's weak as a boa constrictor , but they 're not stupid enough to fall for that . 
 dina and constance remain unaccounted for , but it makes sense if they went ahead to the ship . 
 neither of them would be much help in a fight . 
 jael steps from behind an ornate decorative screen , spattered in blood and gore . 
 and i 've never been so glad to see anyone in my life . 
 i take a step toward him , but he holds up a hand . 
 `` no , i need to deal with her first . 
 it pisses me off when people i do n't know try to kill me in my sleep . 
 well ... where i would 've been sleeping , anyway , if i was n't such a chary bastard . '' 
 ramona lifts her chin . 
 `` just make it quick . '' 
 this is where i 'm supposed to intervene , stop him from killing her . 
 instead i turn my back . 
 i expect to hear the quick whine of a laser pistol , but when i glance over my shoulder , i find jael tying her up . 
 he gags her before she can say we have n't seen the last of her , or promise to make us sorry . 
 i 'm already sorry she 's related to me . 
 does that count ? 
 i watch him wind the thin filament around her wrists . 
 if she struggles too hard , she 'll cut herself . 
 `` i thought you do n't like leaving anyone alive on your backtrail . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` i ca n't kill an unarmed woman . 
 call me old-fashioned . 
 but you can shoot her if you want . '' 
 `` she 's my mother , '' i point out . 
 `` so that means you ca n't shoot her ? '' 
 for a moment , i consider asking hit to do it . 
 i certainly ca n't . 
 though i suspect i 'll regret letting ramona live , i just do n't have that much ice in my veins . 
 i hope she 'll walk away , leaving me out of her schemes after this . 
 `` pretty much . '' 
 i ca n't be the reason she 's killed . 
 if nothing else , her hungry , junkie spirit made me who-and what-i am today . 
 `` then let 's get the hell out of here before more goons turn up . '' 
 with that , he signals to the others that we 're moving out . 
 `` thankfully she did n't send all her guys after us , or we might 've had some trouble . '' 
 the way he looks , they did have some , but i do n't speak , mainly because our trot steals my breath . 
 i need to do some endurance training one of these days . 
 one hand clamped against my side , i try to keep up with jael 's long , loping strides . 
 he 's apparently been studying the layout because he makes the turns with surety , leading us from the central salon to the corridor that adjoins the docking area . 
 the walls become less decorative , more functional , and tile gives way to plain plaster . 
 footsteps echo through the hallway behind us . 
 `` fuck . 
 she called them faster than i gave her credit for . 
 i should 've shot her . '' 
 we 're nearly to the private docking bay . 
 i do n't know how we 're getting out , but as laser fire comes hot and hard on our heels , i hope like hell they have a plan . 
 i dive and roll , coming to my feet around the corner . 
 jael still has the pistol he was playing with in dina 's room , so he covers me . 
 orange light flashes all around , searing the ground . 
 i hope hit and vel got here before us because it looks like the party 's in full swing . 
 i ca n't tell how many guys ramona has left , but she should 've sent them all at my crew at once . 
 the ragtag remainder fires on us , thinking they can keep us pinned down . 
 thing is , lasers ca n't kill jael . 
 so he shoves me along toward the shuttle , taking hit after hit . 
 he groans low in his throat , but he does n't falter , and dina pulls us on board . 
 she slams a palm on the comm panel , and barks , `` let 's go ! '' 
 `` roger that , '' comes hit 's disembodied voice . 
 `` hang on , it might get rough . '' 
 the shuttle engines fire up , drowning out the sound of lasers striking the hull . 
 if we do n't get a move on , we might be looking at a breach ; and then we 're f ** ked . 
 damn , i ca n't get my breath . 
 `` what took you so long ? '' 
 the mechanic demands . 
 `` everyone else here ? '' 
 i bend over , hands on knees . 
 `` yeah . 
 after she warned us about the change in plan , constance came in with me , and we prepped the ship . 
 the other three killed a few guys , and saved your ass . '' 
 the understatement makes me smile . 
 we lurch as hit takes us up , and dina swears beneath her breath when she slams into the wall . 
 i hear more than see her head for the seats . 
 we all need to strap in . 
 when my vision stops sparkling from oxygen deprivation , i straighten and check on jael . 
 propped up against the wall , he looks pale and clammy , eyes clenched tight . 
 he smells of smoke and charred flesh , so a shudder runs through me when i step closer . 
 but he 's not dead like the victims on the sargasso . 
 he needs me . 
 steadying myself with a deep breath , i wrap an arm around his waist . 
 `` i 've got you , come on . 
 they left the last two seats for us . '' 
 a muffled explosion rocks the ship , and at first i think we 've been hit , but instead of crashing into the roof , we just keep going up . 
 the shock field does n't have full vertical coverage , so once we get some altitude we 're home free . 
 there 's only the cockpit and a small hub on this boxy little skiff , so we do n't have far to go . 
 i see dina sitting beside vel , so constance must be up front with the pilot . 
 jael collapses , and i nearly go down with him before i get my balance . 
 i know firsthand just how excruciating burns can be . 
 even through layers of narcotics , i remember lying in medical , feeling each one of my nerve endings curl and char over and over again . 
 there 's no pain like it . 
 `` what can i do ? '' 
 eyes still closed , he takes my hand in his . 
 damn near pulverizes my knuckles . 
 in fact , given my bone condition , fractures might result . 
 since he took the shots for me , i 'll take this . 
 it 'll heal . 
 maybe slower than someone else , but i 'm not weak . 
 i refuse to be . 
 `` this ... really f ** king stings , '' he gasps , after a moment . 
 `` no matter how many times i 'm shot , i never get used to it . 
 just ... glad they did n't have disruptors . 
 talk about painful . '' 
 `` you can heal even that ? '' 
 i ask without thinking . 
 jael raises haunted eyes to mine . 
 `` yeah . 
 even that . '' 
 he 'd only know that if he 'd healed the damage from it . 
 i want to ask when . 
 was it in a battle he chose , or part of inhuman lab testing ? 
 he does n't talk about his early life , before the government disbanded the program , and cut the survivors loose . 
 in a way , i probably understand him better than anyone . 
 i 'm pretty damn close to bred myself , though i 'm not ready to talk about it . 
 what kind of freak am i , conceived in grimspace ? 
 i wonder if that has anything to do with why technology breaks down around me . 
 doc would want to run tests , but he 's on lachion , healing the wounded from a war he wo n't fight . 
 `` you 'll be all right . '' 
 i force a smile and brush back a burnished lock of sweat-damp hair , intending it as a casual , appreciative gesture . 
 but jael leans his forehead against my palm . 
 his eyelids drift down as if my touch offers some unfamiliar benediction . 
 tremors course through him in waves , and i can almost sense the reparation of damaged cells , wracking him . 
 he acts like he needs this small point of contact for reasons i ca n't begin to delve . 
 `` looks like we 're clear , '' hit announces over the comm . 
 `` i got stars on the screen and no sign of pursuit . '' 
 `` yet . 
 they will find us if we are not collected by another vessel , '' vel says . 
 drawing back before i yield to the urge to hug jael , i tap the comm panel on the arm of my seat . 
 `` turn on the distress signal , and let 's hope for the best . '' 
 * * * chapter 53 lf you 've never tried hauling straight space in a skiff , you do n't know what you 're missing . 
 i do n't mean that in a good way , of course . 
 it feels like i 've driven in mudside vehicles that go faster than this . 
 i can still see the jewel-bright hues of venice minor behind us , and even though we 've been flying for a while , it would only take a real cutter an hour to catch up with us . 
 dina sabotaged a couple of their ships , but she did n't have time to be thoroughly destructive . 
 just cut a few wires , here and there , remove a few parts . 
 they 'll get one up and running soon , and then - the comm crackles , and hit 's voice fills the tiny hub . 
 `` two ships incoming , different trajectories . 
 both on intercept course . '' 
 `` good to know , '' i mutter . 
 but it 's not like we have weapons or shields or anything to ready us for an attack . 
 a larger ship will just nail us with magnetic tow cables and haul us into its hold . 
 that 's how tiny this box is . 
 `` hope for the best . '' 
 dina shifts in her seat to glare over her shoulder at me . 
 `` does that work for you a lot ? '' 
 i lift a shoulder . 
 `` never tried it before . 
 we usually have a half-assed plan . '' 
 `` life in your vicinity seldom lacks excitement , '' vel observes . 
 was that a compliment ? 
 or more like the ancient curse : may you live in interesting times ? 
 ignoring that , i call the cockpit to respond , `` i 'd say take evasive action until we find out who it is and what they want , but i do n't know how well this thing handles . '' 
 `` i 'll see what i can do , '' hit comes back . 
 `` how long before intercept ? '' 
 i ask . 
 there 's a pause while she presumably checks the data . 
 and then constance replies , `` approximately twenty minutes . '' 
 `` stay strapped in , '' the pilot adds . 
 my shoulders feel knotted , a thread of tension wrapping around my spine . 
 i hate that i ca n't just jump us away from here . 
 we 're so close to grimspace-the place where i began-that i can almost sense the beacons , pulsing in echo to my heartbeat . 
 what will my next jump be like ? 
 returning to my place of origin . 
 no wonder each jump always felt like coming home . 
 whether those two ships intend to help or harm us , there 's nothing i can do about it . 
 i hate feeling helpless , and i 've had that sensation too much lately . 
 unless they intend to destroy us , they wo n't waste power on weapons , though . 
 this vessel is simply too small and fragile . 
 jael sits beside me , silent and distant . 
 i think he regrets that moment where he showed a hint of vulnerability , where he leaned his head against my hand . 
 he wo n't look at me , but i have other things to worry about . 
 like those two ships . 
 we sit in tense silence , wondering about the outcome . 
 wondering who else is hunting us . 
 let me just say , that gets old . 
 i 'm afraid to hope that tarn 's come through , sent someone to the rescue , but i 'll guarantee one of those ships belongs to dear old mum . 
 she does n't strike me as a good loser . 
 `` they have arrived , '' constance advises us over the comm . 
 the tiny skiff shakes , and something clunks against the side . 
 tow cables ? 
 i wish i were in the nav chair where i could see what 's going on . 
 but this thing does n't have a nav chair , and constance is doubtless more help to hit , analyzing numbers and probabilities with lightning speed . 
 `` warning shots over our bow , '' hit reports . 
 `` we 've got one set of tow cables on us , but the smaller ship appears to be powering up weapons . '' 
 another pause . 
 `` shots fired . 
 they 're engaging . '' 
 i tap the comm . 
 `` can you make out ship names or numbers ? '' 
 after a brief pause , constance answers , `` i recognize the larger vessel from the docking bay on venice minor . 
 they are attempting to pull us in . '' 
 `` oh no , we 're not going back there . 
 can we break those cables somehow ? '' 
 i sit forward and look at vel , my resident answer man . 
 he replies by calling the cockpit . 
 `` a localized electrical surge might short out their magnet . 
 but it might also damage our vessel and leave us dead in space . '' 
 my mother intends to kill everyone aboard , maybe even me at this point . 
 `` better dead in space than dead on venice minor . '' 
 hit evidently shares the sentiment because she says , `` i 'll have constance see what she can do . 
 if anyone can manage the calculations without blowing us all to shit , it 's her . 
 now hang on , i 'm going to spiral , see if i can tangle up those tow wires . '' 
 shit . 
 every time the ship rolls , my stomach does a slow spin as well . 
 i imagine us like fish on a line , struggling with all our strength to break free . 
 i hope we do n't get blown up in some dispute we have nothing to do with . 
 since we 're attached to the syndicate ship , if it goes up , we 're likely close enough to take damage as well . 
 and with no shields , no armor plating , we just are n't sturdy enough to soak it . 
 i say a prayer to the gods of luck . 
 `` report , '' i demand , tapping the button again . 
 at this rate , hit will cut off communications from the cabin to the cockpit . 
 but she does n't sound irked . 
 rather , excitement infuses her voice . 
 `` i 've never seen anybody fly like this , '' she answers . 
 `` whoever 's handling the small ship has magic in his hands . 
 he fires , hits , slings sideways , dives underneath the bigger ship , just daring a collision ... it 's beautiful to watch . 
 so far they have n't landed a single shot on him . '' 
 march . 
 stupid , i know , but my heart leaps in purely emotional response . 
 intellectually , i know it ca n't be him . 
 he 's on lachion , and at this point , i do n't know whether he 's alive or dead . 
 `` get that cable off us , '' dina barks into the comm . 
 `` or they 'll take us with them when they blow . '' 
 `` working , '' constance responds . 
 `` i must be sure of my calculations , or i will damage this vessel beyond repair . '' 
 bad choice , no choice . 
 either way , we wind up dead . 
 someone 's got to make the call , and they seem to think i 'm in charge , most days . 
 `` do it , '' i tell her . 
 `` if the battle 's going south out there , we 'll wind up as collateral damage . 
 welcome to my world . '' 
 a jolt rocks the skiff as she complies with my order . 
 the lights flicker , giving the cabin a surreal air . 
 jael shifts and gazes at me in the weird , stuttering light . 
 i glimpse his eyes in staccato flashes , see his lips moving , but i hear no sound . 
 red lights come on along the ceiling , lending everything a bloody glow . 
 then the onboard computer chimes a warning . 
 `` warning . 
 electrical fault . 
 please seek safe landing facilities immediately . 
 life-support failure imminent . '' 
 and then we go careening through space . 
 i can tell the difference between a guided roll and the way we 're spinning . 
 hit has limited control , if any , and i do n't think the comm 's working anymore . 
 i 've always hated tiny vessels , for good reason as it turns out . 
 there 's only a thin barrier between merciless vacuum and us . 
 what the hell 's going on ? 
 i 'm tempted to unstrap and fight my way up front to see , but maybe i 'm better off not knowing . 
 i 'd probably get myself hurt , too , slamming into walls . 
 dina swears steadily in front of me , creative curses that i 'd be memorizing with great interest at any other time . 
 the bounty hunter remains silent , still , and i ca n't tell if he 's injured or praying to some strange ithtorian god . 
 we have n't had a chance to go over religion or mythology yet , dammit . 
 jael touches my arm . 
 his fingers feel warm and strong , and i consciously check the urge to reach for him . 
 i tell myself it 's not personal ; at a time like this , it 's natural to want to hold on to someone . 
 nobody wants to die alone . 
 this time i can make out the words beneath the strident alarm as the ship 's computer counts down . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 i lean over as best i can . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 he ca n't possibly blame himself . 
 that 's ridiculous . 
 too many factors converged to land us in this mess , nothing he could 've prevented . 
 but his eyes beg for forgiveness just the same . 
 `` because - '' before he finishes the thought , i feel another thunk on our side . 
 tow cable ? 
 at this point i can only guess , and try not to toss up . 
 i hope that means the smaller ship has won and that it 's someone we want to see , once we get inside . 
 more to the point , someone with a jumper , and a functional phase drive who will take us far away from here . 
 we roll , end over end , until something snaps taut . 
 the skiff shudders . 
 my head flies back , my mouth fills with a coppery tang , and i see a red field full of stars that winks to black . 
 then i know nothing at all . 
 * * * chapter 54 l awake in the halls of the dead . 
 everything is pale as a fading dream . 
 then i open my eyes a little wider , take a second look . 
 this seems like any other med bay : white counters , various drawers and compartments . 
 a slim redhead sits at a terminal nearby , examining data on the screen , and there 's a droid as well , probably her assistant . 
 this does n't look like a drug-induced hallucination . 
 i 've seen the woman somewhere before . 
 she murmurs , `` do n't worry , we 're taking care of everything . 
 according to chancellor tarn , ielos is the next stop on your goodwill tour . 
 we 've got guards on board to make sure nothing else goes wrong . '' 
 but my brain is too rattled to make necessary connections . 
 a dull throb lives behind my eyes , pain made distant by the welcome advent of medication . 
 i 'm too tired to ask anything at the moment , so i just drift . 
 on awakening for the second time , i think : well , holy shit . 
 it worked . 
 i ca n't believe our plan actually worked . 
 i feel more like an interstellar hitchhiker than a dignitary who commands respect , but what the hell . 
 if this vessel , whomever it belongs to , gets me to ielos , i 'll take it . 
 now i can start keeping my promises , make up for all the trouble . 
 i realize i 've lost another bag full of new clothes . 
 mary curse it , i may as well take up nudism . 
 i have n't been able to keep up with my belongings since the sargsasso crash . 
 i sigh . 
 the sound snags the woman 's attention , and when she turns , i place her immediately . 
 rose looks better than she did on lachion , more rested , but there 's no mistaking her tousled curls , frosted with silver . 
 my heart immediately spikes with excited anticipation . 
 `` you 're awake , '' she says unnecessarily . 
 `` good thing , too . 
 we 're nearly there now . 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 i shrug , struggling toward a sitting position . 
 `` been better , been worse . 
 is doc on board ? '' 
 that 's not who i want to ask about first . 
 of course it 's not . 
 maybe ... just maybe ... i 'm afraid to let myself hope . 
 `` yes , he 's asleep . 
 it 's technically the middle of the night . 
 but someone had to stay . 
 you took quite a knock on the head . '' 
 `` sorry for stealing your sleep . 
 but thank you for watching over me . '' 
 i ca n't fight a sinking sensation . 
 if march were here , surely he would n't have left my side , not until i woke up . 
 the fact that rose has carefully avoided mentioning his name says it all . 
 if i were stronger , i 'd demand to know what happened , but at the moment , i just ca n't . 
 i have to pick my battles , and i do n't have the fortitude for this one . 
 i refuse to hear it . 
 i 'm not hanging around med bay for another second . 
 with unsteady hands i push to my feet and wobble , watching the room swim . 
 after a moment , i manage to let go of the cot and stand , swaying , under my own power . 
 given another minute or two , i 'll be able to walk . 
 shit . 
 i need my bag . 
 i 'm sure it 's past time for an injection . 
 i 'm getting stronger , so i do n't want to retard my progress . 
 `` where 's my pack ? '' 
 the redhead glances up from the screen at last . 
 `` constance said to tell you she has all of your belongings , including the clothes you left on venice minor . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 what a pa ... helpful administrator does n't begin to cover it . 
 that 's the best news i 've had in quite a while . 
 `` she 's odd , '' rose observes . 
 `` very formal . '' 
 so they have no idea she 's a droid . 
 i guess they 've never run across the lila model . 
 no shock since she was retired in favor of the ones with giant br ** sts and shiny silver hair . 
 `` things are better on lachion ? '' 
 she shakes her head as if in disbelief . 
 `` much . 
 the other clans swore fealty to gunnar-dahlgren after seeing how it went for clan mccullough . 
 in fifty turns , that 's never happened . '' 
 march always said he knew killing . 
 that seems like a sad epitaph . 
 i ache . 
 `` where did you find a jumper ? '' 
 `` there were a number of jumpers stranded on lachion , '' she tells me . 
 `` they had the bad timing to be delivering supplies when you showed up . '' 
 fantastic . 
 i wonder where all the farwan jumpers wound up . 
 `` am i cleared to leave ? '' 
 `` absolutely , '' she answers . 
 after a few steps , i regain my balance , and by the time i reach the door , i 've stopped feeling like i might tip over . 
 i need to check on everyone . 
 out in the corridor , which is tinted a particularly bilious yellow , i stop the first person i see . 
 `` excuse me , where are we bound ? '' 
 the kid looks like he 's barely eighteen , running errands for somebody . 
 `` we 're taking the ambassador to ielos . '' 
 so it 's true . 
 tension i did n't even register flows out of me , making me aware of various aches and pains . 
 not debilitating , however-considering what we 've been through , i feel strong , stronger than i have in months . 
 my stride gains speed as i explore the ship . 
 various crewmen nod at me in passing , like they recognize me as a person in authority . 
 that 's a new sensation . 
 i could go looking for doc , but as rose said , it 's the middle of the night . 
 i do n't want to wake him . 
 i 'm also not sure i 'm fit company right now . 
 march must be dead . 
 if the war on lachion let up sufficiently for gunnar-dahlgren to equip a ship in answer to tarn 's plea , enough for rose and doc to take off from treating the wounded , then the outcome must be decided , one way or another . 
 i guess they won , but ... the price was too high . 
 there 's no other reason he would n't have come . 
 unlike most , his promises mean something . 
 no words are sufficient to describe this loss . 
 i thought i knew pain when kai died , but this - a hole has opened up inside me . 
 he won the war for them , and it destroyed him . 
 though i 'd known it would happen when i left him on lachion , the incontrovertible evidence wrecks me . 
 mary , i ca n't live without him . 
 i do n't even want to try . 
 some mechanistic part of me keeps me walking loops around the ship 's deck . 
 it 's like i expect to come out somewhere else , but each time it carries me back where i began . 
 the clansmen who make up the crew begin giving me odd looks . 
 i ca n't resist the urge to find somewhere quiet to grieve . 
 a primal scream is building inside me , so i duck into the first cabin that is n't keyed to someone else . 
 must be vacant , or maybe it 's mine . 
 i did n't ask rose about accommodations . 
 the dark does n't surprise me , but the weirdly flickering vid screens all over the room certainly give me pause . 
 and then i spy what 's on them . 
 sirantha jax , asleep in med bay , pacing the corridors , and older clips still . 
 me , as i step off a vessel with kai . 
 me , holding both fists in the air as i stagger out of a barroom brawl . 
 this is n't entertainment so much as a shrine . 
 someone is mourning me as if i were dead . 
 there 's only one person who would surround himself with me like this . 
 but it does n't make sense . 
 i 'm here . 
 why is n't he with me ? 
 as my eyes adjust , i see a dark figure sprawled in a chair . 
 i ca n't make out his features , but all my senses insist it 's march . 
 the door whooshes shut behind me . 
 `` i wondered how soon you 'd find me , '' he says quietly . 
 i mumble something about it being a fair-sized ship . 
 i want to be glad because , whatever else is wrong , at least he 's not dead . 
 but what sits in this small , dark room might be worse , if anything could be . 
 i take a step toward him , but his stillness alarms me . 
 something prevents me from running to him . 
 he feels ... wrong somehow . 
 if only i could see his eyes ... my voice comes out raw . 
 `` rose was careful not to mention you . 
 i thought - '' `` i know . 
 i asked her not to . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he does n't look at me . 
 i ca n't make out his features , but i can tell he 's still staring at his jax collection on the screens . 
 this is n't how i envisioned our reunion , when i dared think about it at all . 
 the silence wears on me , but i do n't know what to say to him . 
 words pile up in my throat , leaving me mute . 
 march became part of me as nobody else ever had , but this is n't the man who pined for me , who would 've killed the world if anything happened to me . 
 oddly enough , i feel as though i 'm standing before a stranger . 
 `` how did it go on lachion ? '' 
 i manage to ask . 
 pointless small talk . 
 i already got the gist from rose . 
 `` slaughtered the mcculloughs to a man , '' he answers , low . 
 `` the tunnels ran with blood , and then the teras turned on them . 
 after that , we hunted them through all their holdings . 
 i have n't seen killing like that since i left nicu tertius . '' 
 where , he told me , he slew thousands . 
 `` i 'm glad you made it . '' 
 that 's not what i want to say . 
 it 's banal , but the unearthly chill streaming off of him makes me want to turn tail and run . 
 intellectually , i understand the need for him to disconnect from his emotions . 
 how could he annihilate his fellow man if he felt anything for them ? 
 this , then , is what mair saved him from before . 
 but the price for such detachment comes steep . 
 because i stand on the other side of the wall and i do n't know how to reach him . 
 i do n't know what mair did or how to bring him back . 
 he promised i 'd see him again , and he 's kept that vow . 
 i touch the ring he gave me , hoping for inspiration . 
 where do we go from here ? 
 well , for me , there 's no direction except toward him . 
 i ignore his body language ; his muscles seem coiled and ready to fight . 
 i do n't want to believe he 'll hurt me , but mary , i 'm afraid . 
 he 's like a wounded beast that does n't recognize a friendly hand . 
 i reach toward his face with trembling fingertips . 
 he lashes out , a move that would 've broken my forearm if he 'd connected . 
 i leap back , shaken . 
 but i do n't quit . 
 maybe i 'm not mair , but i 'll figure this out . 
 i wo n't lose him . 
 `` you know what ? 
 i do n't care . 
 i should , but i do n't . 
 you could 've put a million mcculloughs in the ground , and i would n't care as long as it means you 're here with me . '' 
 he shudders . 
 `` i should n't be . 
 i should 've cut and run once i saw you were all right . 
 i could hurt you , jax . 
 kill you in my sleep . 
 even though i remember how i used to feel about you , i ca n't - '' march makes a slashing gesture with one hand . 
 i catch on . 
 he ca n't access it , as if some necessary neurological pathway has been severed . 
 afraid to touch him , i seal a kiss into my palm and then blow it into the air . 
 it 's a romantic gesture , not like me at all , but i intend it to be symbolic of how far i 'm willing to go for him . 
 `` i need you , march . 
 i was scared as hell to admit it , but i ca n't do without you , and if that makes me broken ... '' i shrug . 
 `` i 'll take you any way i can get you . 
 and i do n't give a damn what you 've done . 
 you will never be rid of me . '' 
 `` you have no idea how much i do n't deserve you . '' 
 he pitches the comment low , almost dispassionate . 
 his gaze belies his words . 
 march stares at me as if i stand across a chasm he has no hope of crossing . 
 maybe he ca n't feel the warmth between us , but it exists . 
 there must be a bridge , so i 'll take the first step toward finding it . 
 `` i want you inside me . '' 
 after a moment of silent resistance , his icy soul fills mine . 
 * * * chapter 55 lt 's not a fix , but a reminder of what we lost . 
 by the time march pulls out , i 'm shivering . 
 i 'll never give up on him , but this will take time . 
 we have to figure out how to repair what 's been broken , as mair did . 
 instead of walking away , i sit with him quietly in the dark . 
 hours later , i locate my crew in the starboard lounge . 
 they all seem to be in good shape , drinks in hand . 
 vel sits with his handheld , tapping away . 
 the last vestige of fear dissipates , and that 's new , too . 
 i feel responsible for these people , not in the usual way , which involves making sure i get the jump right . 
 in the past , that 's all the accountability i acknowledged . 
 what befalls someone when i 'm not in the nav chair , well , that 's not my fault . 
 right ? 
 wrong . 
 for crazy misbegotten reasons , they follow me , so what happens to them , it 's on me . 
 they call this leadership , i think , but it 's new . 
 i crackle with it . 
 `` hell of a thing , '' dina says with a grin . 
 she pushes from her chair and limps over to me , just about crushing my ribs in a hug . 
 `` i am glad to see you recovered , '' constance tells me . 
 is she glad ? 
 can she be ? 
 for just a moment , i put aside my questions about her nature , or what she can learn , and accept what she says at face value . 
 `` you did a helluva job , '' i answer . 
 `` without you , everyone would be dead , and i 'd be captive to my mother 's warmongering . '' 
 the pa pauses as if parsing my words . 
 and then she says , delightfully , unintentionally modest : `` i am here to help . '' 
 we all snicker , and it does n't matter that constance regards us with puzzlement . 
 each of us brings our own gifts to the mix . 
 we stand together , or we fall . 
 i get that now . 
 once the chatter dies down , i cross to where jael sits , slightly apart from the others . 
 i drop down beside him . 
 `` what were you trying to tell me ? 
 on the skiff ? '' 
 he shakes his head with a bittersweet half smile . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 the moment 's passed . '' 
 what did he think he needed to apologize for ? 
 before i can question him , hit announces , `` planetfall in fifteen minutes , so bundle up in your winter clothes and strap in . '' 
 four planets in eight days . 
 for the first time , i do n't envy someone else the nav chair . 
 if i were sitting up there , i 'd be dead . 
 i know it . 
 i need to rest and recuperate while taking my daily injections , or i may never see grimspace again . 
 and while the hunger has n't lessened-i still long to jump like i want nothing else in this world besides march-my ability to tune it out has improved . 
 i feel drunk with remembered wonder . 
 first glimpse of the sun rising over the glaciers on ielos , sunset at the freeport falls , and an afternoon walk along the famed avenida de marquez on axis v , where the bloodshed began so long ago . 
 i tread along the paths where my predecessor karl fitzwilliam made his infamous missteps . 
 so many people waved and cheered when the convoy passed by , as if i deserved those accolades . 
 what have i ever done to earn them ? 
 i 've touched history this last week , seen and smelled it . 
 perhaps i 'm even becoming part of it in ways i ca n't comprehend . 
 i imagine it like threads of a tapestry woven together with such expertise that i ca n't see the separate pieces anymore . 
 whole worlds fade like that beneath me . 
 the towns become patchwork textures and then blur into misty colors . 
 finally , i can no longer see the people who believe in me , who seem to think i can step into the breach and persuade the ithtorians to side with us in the coming war . 
 because , make no mistake , i 've seen the bodies in the first skirmish . 
 now more than ever , the morgut see us as prey . 
 and the only thing that might give them pause is an alliance with ithiss-tor . 
 i 'm not ready . 
 i do n't know enough . 
 i 'm terrified i 'll f ** k this up , and humanity everywhere will pay the price . 
 maybe my mother 's still banking on that , and that 's another thorn in my side . 
 but i 'll step up . 
 my gut gurgles as if in answer . 
 i 'm bloated from heavy food , eaten at too many parties . 
 and my right hand hurts from all the meet-and-greets . 
 i wore the right clothes and smiled for the press , dandled unfortunate children on my knee , and played a politician for the vids . 
 that was the easy part . 
 now the last stop on our tour recedes beneath me . 
 seeing so many worlds rouses an odd sensation ; i 'd call it wanderlust , but it 's more like a fierce need to move on , because i do n't have anywhere like these folks do . 
 whatever its faults , they have somewhere they call their own . 
 one they 'd fight for , die for . 
 home . 
 i do n't put down roots . 
 i live for the next jump , even though the next might be my last . 
 how did somebody like me wind up in charge of something so important ? 
 a disembodied voice tells me , `` five minutes to jump . '' 
 once it would 've bothered me to strap in with everyone else , but today i have far too much on my mind to make room for something so minor . 
 i make my way to the hub and take a seat next to vel , but this time i strap in without assistance . 
 i 'm an expert passenger now . 
 `` afterward , '' he says in lieu of greeting , `` we have work to do . '' 
 damn right . 
 constance does n't ever let up on the customs-i half suspect she recites the list to me in my sleep-but i need to know the rest . 
 by the time we reach ithiss-tor , i need to be the foremost human expert in native customs . 
 i nod . 
 `` i 'd like to start with religion . '' 
 i give my safety gear one last tug . 
 the helmet feels strange , but as the ship trembles , it ca n't block out my awareness of the beacons entirely . 
 as if through a veil of water , i feel the jumper scanning grimspace . 
 she 's better than the syndicate navigator , more confident , and she takes us right there . 
 my skin prickles , the hair standing up on the back of my neck . 
 though i ca n't see what she sees , the wildfire and the glorious , cascading colors pouring over the hull , i sense it . 
 grimspace runs through my blood and bones , boiling inside my cells . 
 what that means , i ca n't begin to guess . 
 but a tiny part of me withers and dies when we make the jump back . 
 yearning sears me like a live wire . 
 i wish i could stay there , utterly unfettered . 
 beside me , vel unbuckles and holds out a hand . 
 `` shall we ? '' 
 it takes me another moment to get out of the chair , and then i accept his help . 
 if only things come this easy on ithiss-tor . 
 but i know better . 
 he 's warned me about the reception i 'll receive-and given the shame of his profession , they wo n't be ecstatic to see him either . 
 i just count us lucky to have gained their initial agreement to take the matter under advisement and permit the arrival of our delegation . 
 ten minutes later , we settle in my quarters . 
 the room is a little larger than the space i enjoyed when i worked for the corp , but nothing like keller offered on the syndicate yacht . 
 i guess piracy does n't pay quite as well as being a crime lord . 
 `` i am going to molt , '' vel warns me . 
 `` if you are to function on my homeworld , you must accustom yourself to the way we look . '' 
 `` no problem . 
 i 'm used to you . '' 
 i hope that 's not an overstatement . 
 but there are no surprises this time when his faux-human skin drops away . 
 a boxy little cleaning bot activates and whirs into action at his feet , but i do n't break eye contact . 
 i 'm not uncomfortable gazing into his faceted eyes . 
 he 's still velith , the person who 's saved my ass more times than i can count . 
 maybe i can do this after all . 
 `` religion , '' he says . 
 `` we revere something called the iglogth . 
 not god as you understand it , but rather vitality that gives life to everything in the universe . 
 my people believe everything is cyclical , and that the spark which makes you unique returns to the iglogth , only to be reused at a later time . '' 
 `` sort of like reincarnation ? '' 
 primitive humans put faith in that , before we proved the soul does n't exist . 
 when i remember everyone i 've lost , my father foremost among them , i wish that was n't true . 
 i wish i believed we might be together again . 
 i left too many words unsaid . 
 his mandible moves , clicking sounds result , and then his vocalizer translates . 
 it 's funny how much i miss beneath that false skin . 
 `` in a manner of speaking . '' 
 `` is there anything else i should know ? '' 
 `` only as relates to death customs , '' vel answers . 
 `` we burn our dead and scatter the ashes to the four winds in a formal ceremony . 
 it symbolizes the return of the spirit to the great iglogth . '' 
 `` no other religious rituals ? '' 
 he turns his head from side to side , a learned human gesture for the negative . 
 it sits strangely on his alien face . 
 `` moving on then . '' 
 we work for hours , covering art , architecture , and world history . 
 by the time constance interrupts us-what a pa , she even reminds me to eat-my head feels like an overripe melon . 
 if there 's another human being who knows more about ithtorian physiology , mating habits , or customs , well-the conglomerate should 've hired him . 
 because i do n't think i can learn another fact before we put down . 
 i eat with one hand and rub my temples with the other . 
 vel watches me , his side-set eyes studying me with what i take to be concern . 
 `` are you well , sirantha ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure it 'll be enough . 
 i ca n't do more , but what if - '' no , i wo n't give my fears credence by speaking them aloud . 
 i 'll bear this by myself . 
 `` can you work with constance and download everything we 've talked about to her database ? 
 that way , if i 'm about to make a dire mistake , she can nudge me or something . '' 
 `` yes , i believe i can . '' 
 i need insurance , but that 's the best i can do . 
 shortly thereafter , the bounty hunter and the droid head for his quarters to fulfill my request . 
 i appreciate that , too ; i 'm sure vel sensed i need some time alone . 
 for at least an hour , i wander the ship , trying to calm my ragged nerves . 
 fear threatens to choke me from the inside out . 
 if i f ** k up here , the whole civilized world will suffer . 
 the conglomerate needs an alliance with ithiss-tor-a rebuff at this juncture would be catastrophic . 
 i battle back my doubt , shove it into the dark place where it ca n't touch my conscious mind . 
 it will return in the form of nightmares , but i can pay the cost later . 
 if it lets me function , do what i need to do , then that 's enough . 
 i wind up in the observation lounge , where the wall has been replaced with a cunning electronic screen that mirrors what 's right outside the ship . 
 it mirrors a window , down to the last shimmer of smoky glass . 
 even before they make the announcement , i recognize ithiss-tor beneath us . 
 from up here , it 's a beautiful world , all pale whorls and dark curls that must be land . 
 my fists clench . 
 i ca n't do this without you , love . 
 but march is shut away in his quarters , fighting his own demons , so i ca n't lean . 
 i have to be strong for him now . 
 he needs me . 
 thinking of what he 's suffered and suffers still , tears fill my eyes , the first i 've allowed since i wept in jael 's arms . 
 these ca n't fall . 
 i will them away , turn them to ice . 
 i squeeze my eyelids shut until the weakness passes . 
 i ca n't allow it . 
 when i sense someone behind me , i turn and find march waiting , half in shadow . 
 i should 've known he would n't let me down , no matter the cost to himself . 
 in this light , i ca n't see his eyes-best he does n't see mine . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 he asks . 
 in the frosted pane , i see a slow progression of faces , people i 've loved and lost . 
 i carry their shadows in my skin . 
 then i turn from the window , setting such memories aside for a time when i can afford to indulge in them . 
 like my first glimpse of ithiss-tor , cloud shrouded and indistinct , the future awaits . 
