 chapter 1 the ship cuts through the atmosphere , taking us down . 
 below , the spaceport waits , white as bone beneath the pallid sun . 
 from its quiet appearance and weathered exterior , i can tell this is a relic of ancient times . 
 though the ithtorians once explored the stars , they do so no longer . 
 they retreated many turns ago and cut off all trade . 
 it 's my job to change all that . 
 the structure is shaped like a dome , which opens to admit us . 
 i find that disconcerting , as if we 're being ingested . 
 our pilot has steady hands , but he 's not an artist like march . 
 nonetheless , we put down sooner than i 'd like . 
 i 'm not ready . 
 that does n't stop me from heading to the exit ramp . 
 my personal crew will meet me there . 
 the rest line up and salute as we pass . 
 they 're mostly clansmen , with a few ex-freighter crew who got stuck on lachion before the war . 
 i do n't know all their names and faces yet ; i did n't spend long enough on board . 
 we wo n't be taking everyone from the triumph on world . 
 the bugs would doubtless panic and think they were being invaded . 
 it 's significant that they let us dock here at all . 
 baby steps before we take a giant leap for mankind . 
 i find jael , hit , dina , march , and vel waiting when i arrive . 
 jael is my bodyguard , and he frankly looks too pretty for the job unless you stare him in the eyes . 
 that 's when you realize there 's more to this merc than the surface suggests . 
 we all have our secrets , but jael 's may be the most dangerous . 
 i can think of a dozen different consortiums that would love to get their hands on him and see if they can replicate him . 
 you see , he 's bred , a surviving specimen of the ideal genome project . 
 most of them went mad or died in utero . 
 damn few survived to adulthood , but jael has managed to surmount unspeakable odds . 
 and because tarn-the conglomerate official who calls the shots on this mission-pays him , he 's committed to my safety . 
 so is constance . 
 long ago , she was just a little silver sphere , owned by mair dahlgren . 
 now she 's so much more than an artificially intelligent personal assistant , and though i would n't admit this to anyone else , she seems to be evolving . 
 with each incarnation , she learns more , extrapolates more , and changes her primary function . 
 now that she 's embedded in an ambulatory frame , she 's determined to be the perfect assistant . 
 at length , constance finishes her inspection of me , and says , `` you look most appropriate , sirantha jax . '' 
 hit smothers a grin . 
 she 's a pilot we picked up on lachion during the last clan war , before they all swore fealty to gunnar-dahlgren . 
 she 's tall , slim as a knife , with dusky skin and a pouf of dark , tight curls . 
 she has eyes that shine like a night-hunting cat , and she 's so lethal she can kill somebody with just her pinky . 
 i 'm not kidding about that . 
 during our last mission , i found out she has a poison hypo in her littlest finger . 
 hit is n't someone i want to cross . 
 at one point , she worked for madame kang on gehenna ; but when her house fell , her remaining girls scattered , not wanting to die in the coup . 
 she wound up running freight with a merchantman and had the bad luck to be stranded on lachion when things reached critical mass . 
 luckily , she 's taken a liking to dina , and seems committed to our side . 
 dina is our ship 's mechanic and gunnery specialist . 
 with those skills , you expect her to be tough as nails , but she 's pretty , too , with her heart-shaped face and green eyes . 
 just by looking at her , you 'd never know she 's a princess in exile . 
 she can never return to tarnus . 
 her family is long gone ; she 's the last of the royal line . 
 we did n't get along at first . 
 she blamed me for the loss of her previous lover , edaine . 
 it was n't really my fault , but they did n't have too many options when they came to break me out of the prison on perlas station . 
 edaine made her last jump saving me , and that 's a navigator 's lot . 
 unless you 're like me . 
 i 've made so many jumps at this point that i 'm not sure i believe burnout is inevitable for me anymore . 
 something always drags me back from the brink . 
 or someone , like march . 
 i gaze at him for a few seconds . 
 he does n't respond or glance my way . 
 ice blazes in his eyes like bits of amber . 
 we 're all standing too close to him for our own good . 
 as well as my pilot , he used to be my lover , and maybe he will be again . 
 i have to hold on to that , or everything else seems meaningless . 
 well , almost everything . 
 if i lose march over what he did on lachion , i 'll still have vel . 
 the ithtorian bounty hunter once tracked me across the galaxy ; now i could n't ask for a better friend . 
 in this mission , he 's our not-so-secret weapon . 
 unlike any delegation before us , we have an ithtorian to guide us and prevent us from making catastrophic mistakes . 
 if we succeed here , it will be because of vel . 
 as i 've been studying them , they 've been checking me out . 
 a few of them smirk at the sight of me in the ceremonial robe i swore i 'd never wear . 
 my jaw clenches . 
 dina clears her throat . 
 `` we good to go ? '' 
 tapping the exit panel , i answer , `` let 's do it . '' 
 there 's a bug escort waiting for us at the bottom of the ramp . 
 they look militant , but not hostile . 
 vel deals with them and confirms they 're supposed to convey us to the formal reception . 
 the wait gives me ample time to fret . 
 i 'd say i have butterflies in my stomach , but with my luck , the ithtorian delegate would overhear , and it would be mistranslated to mean i 've eaten some sacred planetary flora . 
 and then i 'll ruin everything before it 's begun . 
 actually , that 's not fair . 
 since vel functions as my translator , he 'd never make such a mistake . 
 that thought is just a manifestation of my fear something will go wrong . 
 i surreptitiously swipe my palms against the sides of the stupid gold robe . 
 so far , so good , but i 'd be lying if i claimed not to be nervous as hell . 
 never has so much weight rested on my shoulders . 
 dina , hit , jael , and march stand at my back , a silent honor guard . 
 doc stayed aboard the ship with rose to work on some data he received from keri on lachion . 
 vel stands on one side of me , ready to interpret . 
 on my left i have constance , who looks almost prim in her black suit . 
 i hope i do n't make any terrible mistakes here . 
 the chamber where the ithtorian council has received us defies my expectations regarding alien aesthetic sensibilities . 
 instead of inert furnishings or fabric on the floors , everything appears to be ... alive . 
 chairs are dense , cultivated shrubberies with petal-soft leaves ; i run my fingers along the `` arm '' and enjoy a purely sensual shiver . 
 i 've never stood inside a room that felt like a living entity , but i 'm conscious of a gentle pulse all around us , almost like a heartbeat . 
 so much greenery , splashed with crimson , cream , apricot , azure . 
 it 's intoxicating . 
 with some effort , i pull my attention back to the ithtorian councilman . 
 his markings are different from vel 's , brighter and more varied . 
 slashes of yellow and orange cross his thorax , but i 'm not sure what they mean , whether they 're a natural display or an artificial one that bespeaks status . 
 i make a mental note to ask vel . 
 though i ca n't yet tell by physical appearance , sharis is male . 
 vel explained ithtorian naming conventions to me , so i understand that the prefix `` il '' means `` son of '' whereas `` ib '' means `` daughter of . '' 
 they trace their lineage through the maternal , so whoever laid their egg provides the family name . 
 thus , vel is the son of a politician named nok . 
 sharis il-wan is speaking now , his gestures strange and measured . 
 i watch his mandible , but i ca n't read him as i do vel . 
 the bounty hunter who first stalked me , then saved my life more times than i can count at this point , considers for a moment before he begins the translation . 
 `` sharis bids you welcome to ithiss-tor , '' vel says . 
 `` and hopes you are cognizant of the honor , for they have not permitted an outworld ship to dock in two hundred turns . '' 
 though i 've practiced for this occasion , i feel my hands trembling as i construct a proper response . 
 `` the conglomerate is honored by your hospitality and looks forward to shaping a new accord between our people . '' 
 as vel relays my words , i fret over them . 
 is what i said enough ? 
 too much ? 
 doubt ferments inside me like tainted wine . 
 fortunately , i do n't have to wait long for il-wan 's response . 
 `` well-spoken , '' sharis says , via vel 's translation . 
 `` it would gratify me if you would consent to accompany me to the banquet hall . 
 we have researched your preferences and are confident you will find a number of palatable dishes . '' 
 i 'm not sure whether he means me specifically or humanity in general . 
 nevertheless , i nod . 
 `` it would be my pleasure . '' 
 sharis leads the way along a bioengineered hallway . 
 as best i can tell , the entire building is alive , and it 's been sculpted to its current dimensions . 
 movement catches my eye , and i just catch a tiny creature scuttling back into the wall . 
 i pause long enough to take stock , realizing that the structure is hollow , more like a honeycomb than any building i 've ever seen . 
 `` it 's taking care of maintenance , '' vel reminds me . 
 i remember then : he told me about them during our long cram sessions aboard the lachion ship . 
 the ithtorians have developed a part-organic , part-machine intelligence that 's constantly improving and renovating their surroundings behind the scenes . 
 i 'd be a little suspicious of such a convenience , waiting for the little bugs to turn on the big ones , but then i 'm always looking out for a knife in the back . 
 behind us , my entourage follows in neat pairs : vel and constance , dina and hit , jael and march . 
 my lover worries me . 
 he 's not the man i fell in love with anymore ; there 's darkness and a coldness in him that burns like ice pressed too long against nak * d skin . 
 i ca n't touch him without sparking some brutal retaliation ... it 's like his nerves are wound too tight . 
 there 's precious little gentleness left in him . 
 all that remains is the cold , competent killer . 
 perhaps i should be grateful he came back to me at all . 
 he could have walked away , taken up his old life as a merc without ever looking back . 
 earlier , he said he remembered loving me , but he could n't feel it anymore . 
 that hurts in ways i ca n't allow myself to think about . 
 once i get past this initial contact , i 'll let myself consider the problem . 
 try to find a solution . 
 but i ca n't fret about personal matters right now . 
 i was serious when i said i meant to give this ambassador thing my all , no matter how much the syndicate-and my mother-want me to fail . 
 i still have a hard time crediting the truth . 
 my mother runs the syndicate , the single largest organized-crime collective in the galaxy : bookmaking and gambling , loansharking , prostitution , chem , weapons , murder for hire , extortion , protection rackets , smuggling of goods and slaves-nothing is too dirty for her , as long as it promises to make a buck . 
 worse , she 's not above fomenting an interstellar conflict to improve her bottom line . 
 vel and constance give me courage with their proximity . 
 the ithtorian councilman looks neither left nor right as we pass through a series of latticed archways , then into a wide , almost cavernous chamber filled with bugs . 
 it 's insulting ; i should n't think of them that way , but i ca n't help it . 
 as long as i do n't speak the designation out loud , we should be golden . 
 at first , they all look alike to me , but as sharis speaks and vel listens , preparing to translate , i notice differences in eye placement and width of mandible . 
 some have colors on the tips of their claws , and others wear stripes on their thoraxes . 
 constance leans forward and begins imparting information about their social status , based on the placement and hue of their markings . 
 with constance 's help , i locate the female ithtorian who 's in charge of ... well , pretty much everything . 
 she 's tall and lean , even for an ithtorian , and her claws are tipped with red . 
 she also wears six xanthric stripes in a diagonal across her thorax . 
 there 's nobody else on planet with those stripes ; they 're akin to a general 's bars , except the ithtorian 's uniform has been permanently integrated into her chitin . 
 vel tells me her title translates best as grand administrator , but i get the feeling that designation does n't encompass the nuances of her real power . 
 she 's surrounded by an entourage of lower-ranking ithtorians ; they ring her in a half circle , either for protection or sycophantic purposes . 
 possibly some enterprising males combine the two . 
 in human terms , she 's along the lines of a chancellor , but she could n't veto the council 's decision after they voted to hear us out . 
 that has to rankle . 
 from across the room , grand administrator otlili ib-ekei returns my regard . 
 i would n't call her look warm either . 
 by the cant of her mandible , she belongs to-or sympathizes with-the opposition party . 
 vel warned me about our enemies on the ship . 
 the opposition party-op-would like nothing more than to enslave the whole delegation and send us to work in a barbaric prison facility reserved for violent criminals and the incurably insane . 
 based on past interactions , ithtorians reckon humanity as both the former and the latter . 
 well , it does n't matter what they think . 
 if i fail here , the morgut will grow in strength and audacity . 
 a shiver rolls through me , remembering the carnage on emry station . 
 that little girl spent countless hours , entombed in their webs . 
 if the eggs had hatched , they would have sucked all the nutrients from her living body and left her a withered husk . 
 the worst part ? 
 mature morgut are worse . 
 a touch on my shoulder draws my gaze , pulling me out of reverie . 
 `` vel is ready to begin , '' constance tells me . 
 the bounty hunter confirms with an abbreviated nod , another human gesture that sits oddly on him in his natural form . 
 `` sharis bids you welcome to the feast convened in your honor . 
 the most important members of the ithtorian government have been invited to share this auspicious occasion , which marks a new chapter in ithtorian-human diplomacy . 
 we are confident you will be pleased with both the menu and entertainment , as our human preferences committee has devoted many hours to the planning . '' 
 boiled down ? 
 hi , welcome to our world . 
 enjoy the food and the show . 
 when they wheel out a table that has to be six meters long if it 's a centimeter , full of strange , scary dishes-the contents of several appear to be writhing-i decide that might be easier said than done . 
 chapter 2 there are no plates . 
 there 's also nowhere to sit down . 
 that does n't surprise me , however . 
 i 've been fully briefed on ithtorian culture and customs . 
 it 's good manners to reach into the communal dish and pluck out a single morsel without touching the other food , then eat . 
 ithtorian claws aid greatly in the neat execution of this maneuver . 
 `` it reduces waste , '' vel tells me quietly . 
 `` people eat only what they take , no extra servings ladled into bowls and discarded . '' 
 he sounds vaguely disapproving of the idea that someone 's eyes would be bigger than his stomach . 
 i acknowledge that with a nod and select the least offensive-looking entree . 
 trying to seem deft , i snag something in sauce that resembles seafood . 
 the flavor is sweet and peppery ; the morsel dissolves on my tongue . 
 sharis moves his mandible in what i take to be approval . 
 i ca n't understand the subsequent clicks and chitters until vel interprets , but i receive the impression i 'm doing well . 
 `` that is candied kir , '' vel says after a moment . 
 `` you show high discernment in trying raw ... '' he pauses , as if his vocalizer does n't know what word to substitute . 
 `` flesh , '' he finishes . 
 raw ... flesh ? 
 i better not think about that too long . 
 my stomach gives a lurch , but i manage a smile . 
 `` it was delicious . '' 
 it was , too . 
 i 'm sure kir is some type of animal . 
 i hope . 
 my palms start to sweat as i realize i 'm expected to eat as long as everyone else does . 
 first impressions can be crucial , so i better not offend anyone . 
 if nothing else , i look the part . 
 vel has me garbed in a golden robe , half a step down from the royal yellow stripes on the grand administrator 's thorax . 
 the garment proclaims my importance in my delegation . 
 that 's why everyone else is wearing black , although with march it 's more of a mood than fashion . 
 vel guides me discreetly , indicating which dishes i should try and which i should leave for the ithtorians . 
 the bounty hunter is good at his job , facilitating my communication with sharis so smoothly that i eventually stop noticing his translations . 
 when we 've finished eating , low-ranking workers bring us damp cloths for our fingertips . 
 i wipe my hands clean with all due ceremony and return the cloth to the server . 
 then it 's time to mingle . 
 the ithtorian representative leads me to the rest of the council members , including the grand administrator . 
 even i can tell how much power she wields , how the rest of her council holds her in awe . 
 it 's apparent in their stance and posture , the way they stand a respectful meter from her , revering her as the nucleus of their group . 
 other ithtorians who hold a high enough rank have been invited to attend the feast , but they do n't merit my attention , apparently . 
 at least not right now . 
 there are six members on the council , of which otlili ib-ekei is the titular head . 
 as i understand it , she does n't actually vote , however . 
 she shapes the creation of policy and administers other aspects of the government on her own . 
 for instance , the judiciary and prison systems fall entirely within her sphere of control . 
 each member represents his or her home constituency , voted in by popular accord . 
 however , there is no time limit imposed upon terms of service . 
 so long as the populace is satisfied , a councilor may remain active for life . 
 however , the leaders of the three major political parties may call for an inquiry , then a vote for dismissal if there is evidence of corruption and/or incompetence . 
 ithtorians frown more on the latter than the former . 
 that also includes physical infirmity . 
 only a powerful council member can suffer anything other than minor illness and expect to keep to keep his or her job . 
 they do n't look well on weakness . 
 bribery-or a complex system of favors and boons-seems to be a way of life here . 
 we might be able to use that . 
 i just do n't know if they would take kindly to incentives or gifts , as presented by outworlders . 
 i 'll ask vel once we manage to get through this first state occasion . 
 for now , i 'm afraid it will be hard for me to match names and faces later , so i whisper to constance , `` log this for me , please . 
 and help me remember who is who ? '' 
 `` acknowledged , '' she replies quietly . 
 reassured , i devote myself to the minute courtesies expected of me . 
 sharis executes what looks like a half bow as he presents me to the assembled august company . 
 recognizing my cue , i tuck both hands beneath my arms , tight against my chest , and return the honorific . 
 vel touches me lightly on the spine , unseen , and i remember to lower my eyes for a count of five . 
 this posture represents peaceful intent and high reverence for my hosts . 
 `` well done , '' sharis says , by way of vel . 
 i acknowledge that with a smile , not showing my teeth because that could be construed as aggression . 
 with some effort , i commit their names to memory : devri il-waren , mako ib-mithiss , karom il-fex , sartha ib-ulik , and , of course , sharis and otlili . 
 devri is the tallest , so i wo n't have a problem picking him out . 
 his chitin shines with a coppery sheen , marked with pale green striations . 
 if i had to choose , i 'd name him the handsome one . 
 mako is small , almost delicate in build , and her side-set eyes glimmer like onyx . 
 her thorax is dark amber , touched with darker green . 
 her stripes denote a lesser status , so it 's impressive she has risen so far . 
 i notice she wears the same pattern as the workers who brought us the damp towels . 
 the third councilman , karom , would be considered portly by ithtorian standards . 
 he stands the same height as vel , but he 's easily half again as wide . 
 his shell gleams dark blue , indigo , really . 
 matching the polished amber of his eyes , his stripes show tawny , signifying high status-not quite royal yellow , but he 's an important member of the council . 
 unfortunately , by the way he holds his mandible , he 's not a fan of the human delegation . 
 mentally , i cross him off our list of potential allies . 
 that leaves sartha , who resembles vel in terms of size and coloring . 
 they 're both a dark green , bordering on olive , but like the other council members , she bears a pattern tied to her personal status . 
 vel looks more nak * d by comparison , and for the first time , i start to understand just how much censure he incurred by forsaking his homeworld . 
 by their standards , he has achieved nothing . 
 the stories of his accomplishments should be etched on his thorax for all to see . 
 instead , he travels with human beings and even translates for them , which puts him in a subservient position . 
 i wish i could change their minds about his worth , but i probably wo n't be able to . 
 i just hope being here does n't hurt him in some way i ca n't fathom . 
 i 'm surprised when sartha acknowledges him . 
 it 's a personal greeting , subtle and silent . 
 i would have missed it if not for my recent crash course in ithtorian body language . 
 but i do notice the way she angles her head , letting her eyes meet his briefly . 
 now i understand why vel advised me to leave my arms bare . 
 here , my scars are fortuitous , signifying high social status . 
 a totally unmarked person would be adjudged to have lived a singularly uneventful-and unimportant-life . 
 the ithtorians would reckon the appointment of such an undistinguished individual a mortal insult . 
 through vel , the council members say : `` i am honored to meet you . '' 
 this comes from sartha . 
 mako adds , `` welcome to ithiss-tor . 
 may our association be long and profitable . '' 
 `` you do my house great honor with your fine wa . '' 
 yes , i was right to call devri the handsome one . 
 my what ? 
 another question i need to ask vel . 
 after hearing his words , i decide he 's charming as well . 
 if my ability to read vel 's expressions translates at all , i 'd say devri is very curious about us . 
 his gaze roams between constance , dina , hit , jael , vel , march , then back to me . 
 i wonder if they 've studied up on humanity . 
 karom looks as though it hurts him to be polite . 
 `` we are pleased to receive you . '' 
 yeah , right . 
 i do n't buy that for a minute . 
 he does n't want us here any more than otlili does , which leads me to believe our support comes from lower-ranking ithtorians . 
 that makes sense , too . 
 people who are satisfied with the status quo , enjoying their current level of perks and advantages , never want to see the natural order overturned . 
 sharis has already greeted us , which leaves only otlili , the grand administrator . 
 she still has n't spoken , studying us with wide , glittering eyes . 
 there 's an immense sense of leashed power about her , as if she could click her claws and have us all beheaded . 
 sadly , it 's probably pretty close to the truth . 
 she does n't need a vote on the council to make her influence felt . 
 the ambient chittering from the assembled ithtorians quiets as if in anticipation of her speech . 
 i can just about hear march breathing behind me ; the room is that quiet . 
 when she finally speaks , i wish i could interpret the sounds on my own , but i have to wait for vel to listen , process , then employ his vocalizer . 
 by the response her words receive from the gathered company , i suspect it must be rousing , patriotic , and possibly inflammatory . 
 `` honored guests , '' he begins , `` esteemed countrymen , we are gathered on the cusp of greatness . 
 the time has come for ithiss-tor to set aside its separatist ways and take our place among the stars . 
 there is no reason we should not seek our fortunes and make our voices heard in the wider galaxy . 
 of a surety , do we not possess wisdom and technology superior to those who squabble for the right to govern ? '' 
 i do n't like the sound of that . 
 to my mind , it hints that otlili would like to subjugate humanity in exchange for protection against the morgut . 
 the conglomerate wo n't be interested in accord on those terms , even if it would be cosmic justice on some levels , considering what humanity did to the la ` hengrin . 
 as a result of first contact , which resulted in armed conflict , humanity seeded their atmosphere with a pacifying chem . 
 it was supposed to make them amenable to trading with us . 
 we did n't take into account their adaptive physiology ; our interference left their species unable to fight , even to save their own lives . 
 with our ignorance and hubris , we created a slave race . 
 the knowledge makes me sick , and i worry that the ithtorians might balance our karmic scale . 
 the grand administrator certainly looks forbidding enough . 
 once she speaks , otlili dismisses us , and sharis says , `` enjoy the party . '' 
 the entertainment arrives then . 
 i 'm hard-pressed to identify what the bugs are doing . 
 sometimes it resembles a dance ; other times it looks like enthusiastic acrobatics . 
 i glance at vel for clarification . 
 `` it is a display of the most popular fighting forms . '' 
 oh . 
 now that he 's pointed it out , i can see the martial applications . 
 after the show , i make the rounds , meeting and greeting everyone who shows an interest in our delegation . 
 i do n't have to worry about names and faces because constance is logging them for me , but i must admit i 'm relieved by the time we 're escorted to our quarters . 
 i can use some time to talk to my team and think things over . 
 the hard part lies ahead of us , no question . 
 chapter 3 my suite is palatial , if alien . 
 it 's decorated in shades of gold , making me feel as though i 've stumbled into a jeweler 's shop by mistake . 
 i would n't call it restful , but the opulence leaves me no doubt the ithtorians care about making a good first impression . 
 the furniture is n't quite right-for instance , the chair seats slope slightly downward-but i can tell they tried . 
 they 've filled the room with genuine human artifacts , such as a hand-built console suitable for a human interface . 
 i particularly like the standing lamp . 
 i have n't seen anything like it outside a museum . 
 idly , i wonder how old the schematics were that they downloaded from the satellite , or perhaps they 're working off the data they received from the first human landing party over two hundred turns ago . 
 based on the way this terminal looks , that makes sense . 
 it has no voice-command system ; you have to key everything and manually bring up the software to send a message . 
 thankfully , they did include a video program . 
 but there are no windows in here , which worries me . 
 i ca n't decide if i 've been imprisoned or if i 'm being protected for my own safety . 
 neither option strikes a note i want to hear . 
 both scenarios bode ill for the alliance . 
 first thing , i fire up the terminal and bounce a message to chancellor tarn . 
 i want to assure him i 'm serious about doing this right , and i can do that best by keeping him in the loop . 
 my first report is by necessity brief , but i 'm pleased to tell him the initial meeting concluded without a hitch . 
 i do n't think anyone could have done better . 
 vel has quarters in this same wing . 
 he took constance with him to improve her database on ithtorian customs . 
 i expect them to come by later . 
 jael has a room next door ; he claims he 's ever vigilant with regard to my safety , but i stand by my initial assessment . 
 he 's the worst bodyguard ever . 
 by now , he 's probably back on the ship , running a gambling racket on clansmen who 've never been off lachion before . 
 march settles quietly on one of the sloping chairs , regarding me with a detachment that makes me nervous . 
 it had to be tough for him to stand in a room surrounded by aliens without reacting to what feels like a threat . 
 outwardly , he bore the strain well , but he 's showing signs now . 
 his eyes look darker than usual , his face sharp and haggard . 
 `` that went well , '' he says . 
 `` you impressed them . '' 
 i settle into a nearby chair with a heartfelt sigh . 
 `` i hope so . 
 i feel like i 'm picking my way through a minefield . '' 
 if things were different , i 'd curl up in his arms . 
 but march ca n't stand being touched now ; human contact triggers swift , sure violence , not warmth . 
 i think there 's something askew in his head that makes him register any contact , however gentle , as a threat . 
 while he remembers what he felt for me , he ca n't access it anymore . 
 he 's cool and remote as a sunrise on ielos , full of the same stark , dangerous beauty . 
 i want him so much i ache with it , but i do n't know if i 'll ever be able to replicate what mair did when she fixed him . 
 he does n't talk about it , so i have no way of knowing how she went about it . 
 making matters worse , she had training and advantages that i lack , but it wo n't stop me from trying ... once i have some idea what i need to do . 
 impotent gratitude weighs on him . 
 he wanted to repay mair for her kindness , which he tried to do by acting as a general on lachion . 
 that cost him dearly . 
 for now , i have n't entirely processed the idea that he survived the carnage on lachion-or that he came back to me , as promised . 
 he could have left , gone back to the life he had before . 
 but he wants more than endless war for himself , or he did , at least . 
 i 'm not sure what this march wants . 
 i do n't recognize him . 
 `` yes , the situation is precarious . 
 and i 'm going to prove a detriment , '' he says quietly . 
 `` i was hoping i could control it , but i ca n't see those bugs as anything but a threat . 
 sooner or later , i 'll snap . 
 i wish i 'd stayed on the ship . '' 
 is this where i make a hard decision ? 
 do i go with his self-assessment and send him back to the ship for the duration of our stay on ithiss-tor ? 
 i do n't know if march can be impartial . 
 he seems to believe himself some kind of monster . 
 and maybe he 's right ; i did n't see what he did on lachion . 
 i know he has nightmares . 
 i exhale slowly . 
 `` if you really believe that , we should have doc check you out . 
 he can probably prescribe something to keep you calm . '' 
 i 'd like to see if he could fit me with a translator , too . 
 waiting for vel is getting old , and we were only in there for an hour . 
 i do n't mention that to march , however . 
 march studies me for a long moment , jaw taut . 
 i know him well enough to realize he loathes the idea of behavior-altering drugs , but he eventually comes to his feet without protest . 
 `` let 's go see doc , '' he agrees . 
 first i change out of the ornate , cumbersome robe and don my usual trousers . 
 i do n't want to draw more attention than we must . 
 they asked us to stay in our quarters until morning while they make arrangements for the first session , wherein i will have an opportunity to plead the conglomerate 's case , and the council members will be allowed to voice their concerns about the alleged benefits of an alliance . 
 i do wonder why they do n't want us wandering around unsupervised , however . 
 is it for our own safety , or is it because they have secrets they need to safeguard ? 
 i 'd call for an escort , but i think it 's ill-advised to reveal that my lover may have a psychotic episode if he 's not medicated . 
 if jael paid more attention to his job , he 'd notice me slipping out , but there 's no sign of him as we pass from our room into the corridor . 
 we 're housed well away from the ithtorian dignitaries , and i do n't know if i should be alarmed or honored by that . 
 but , then , we already know this will be an uphill battle . 
 all the hallways look more or less the same to me , and there 's no map , even assuming we could read one . 
 i look left and right , admiring the lovely biosculpture of the walls . 
 the densely woven leaves gleam nearly aquamarine in the filtered light , but the exotic beauty does n't help me navigate . 
 `` which way ? '' 
 `` right , '' he says without hesitation . 
 `` you 're sure that goes back to the ship ? '' 
 `` relatively . '' 
 for a moment , i see a glimmer of the old march in his eyes , just a ghost of humor that reminds me of how he used to smile . 
 `` then let 's go . '' 
 trusting him , i make the turn . 
 along the way , we pass a couple of ithtorian workers , who gaze after us with apparent puzzlement and distrust . 
 they do n't try to interfere with us , however . 
 it would n't do them any good if they did-we do n't have our interpreter with us . 
 i 'm not sure how we 're going to get back to the docks , assuming we can find our way out of the warren where we 've been quartered . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 if i turn , i 'll see no sign of what he means on his face anyway , so i do n't look back . 
 i think i remember making a left here . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 `` letting you down . '' 
 a fierce wave of love washes through me . 
 i wish so hard i could comfort him , but he has wounds in places i ca n't reach . 
 tears burn behind my eyes . 
 `` you did n't . 
 you 're here , are n't you ? 
 you could have walked . 
 but you did n't . 
 so that tells me deep down that you hope i 'll be able to fix you . '' 
 his voice sounds gravel-rough . 
 `` i do n't hope for that . 
 i dream of killing , jax . 
 i wake up twitchy with the need for it . 
 the least things make me angry-that 's about all i feel these days-and i want to lash out . 
 i have n't felt like this since i punched hon in the face , stole his ship , and fled nicuan . '' 
 somehow i manage not to say `` i told you so . '' 
 i saw the darkness swallowing him up , even before i left lachion , but he would have stayed , no matter what . 
 he felt like he owed it to mair 's memory to assist her granddaughter , keri , who has been struggling to hold on to the reins of gunnar-dahlgren ever since her grandmother 's demise . 
 the clans are full of outlaw types , who glory in frontier life , but it also comes with its share of risk . 
 sure , nobody else wants to try to settle on lachion , which means the clans remain free to govern themselves , but the conflicts can be brutal and devastating ... to say nothing of the risk of native planetary wildlife . 
 it 's not my favorite place in the galaxy , but march has ties there . 
 we make a right turn . 
 i 'm going by instinct , but the low hum of the building 's walls , which seems oddly like a pulse , seems to drive us this way . 
 i hope it 's toward the front of the building and not some alien security measure that will wind up with us facing some awkward interrogation about our intentions . 
 as i walk , i try to think of what to say to him . 
 `` do you remember what you said to me when i was screaming my head off over things other people could n't see ? '' 
 i ask at last . 
 he 's a few paces behind me and to the left . 
 i ca n't see his face , but i know the silence means he 's thinking . 
 `` i 'll always come for you , jax . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` yeah . 
 and here you are . 
 you know what that says to me ? '' 
 `` i have no idea . '' 
 `` that you keep your promises . '' 
 it takes a lot for me to articulate the feeling . 
 `` that i can rely on you , no matter what . '' 
 i bite my lip , fighting for the strength to continue . 
 i do n't like talking about stuff like this ; it makes me feel weak , vulnerable , and nak * d. `` it tells me you 're rock solid , and you 're here for me . 
 i 'm sorry you 're going through this for the second time , march , but you 're not alone . 
 i wo n't let you be . '' 
 the hallway ends in a spacious , glastique foyer . 
 to the left , i can see the tunnel that leads to the underground . 
 we can take the tube to the spaceport . 
 since they do n't travel on the surface , everything is pristine , nothing like new terra . 
 idly , i wonder what the ithtorians would make of wickville , with its vice and easy violence . 
 doubtless they 'd take it as justification for their wariness of humanity . 
 with the lights behind and the crystal before us , i catch march 's blurred reflection ; he looks strange and stricken . 
 by the time i spin to see him straight on , he 's mastered his expression , eyes dark as a starless sky . 
 i do n't know what to do with him , but i wo n't let him go either . 
 `` thanks , '' he manages to say finally . 
 `` right now , if i could be , i think i 'd be glad of how stubborn you are . '' 
 `` damn right . '' 
 the doors slide open at our approach , allowing us to pass into the sloping corridor . 
 more of those glossy aquamarine leaves surround us , pretty and functional . 
 i have some idea that they aid with ventilation and air purification , as well as emitting faint warmth . 
 i 'm interested in their technology , but first things first . 
 chapter 4 glastique limns the tunnel to the underground , allowing our first private glimpse at the planet from the ground . 
 i stand for a moment , admiring the view . 
 the outside of the buildings seems vastly at odds with the almost tropical appearance of the interiors . 
 it 's as though they 've created an exoskeleton of iron and titanium , polished to an unearthly sheen , then filled the heart of their world with the sweetness of living things . 
 ithiss-tor is an icy planet . 
 as i understand it , the surface was once covered in a tropical jungle , but as a result of their constant warring and the use of dangerous , high-tech weapons , the climate changed permanently . 
 the bugs adapted to the cold . 
 in terms of physiology , ithtorians are not so different from us . 
 the climate , along with their predatory past , dictated the development of the excretory glands that allow them to cover their exoskeletons with insulation . 
 they , too , need an oxygen-rich environment , although they like it spiked with a little nitrogen , which makes us silly in larger concentrations . 
 the sky is gray as nebulous morality , clouds fusing with whatever colors might swirl up there naturally . 
 i 've been studying the culture , not atmospheric conditions . 
 march stands beside me , close enough to defend me but not making contact . 
 `` we should be able to take the tube to the spaceport , '' i offer hopefully . 
 he nods . 
 we pass downward , away from the windows . 
 i hear the smooth rush of cars leaving the station . 
 the underground operates on a magnetic system , i think . 
 if we ca n't figure it out , i do n't know how we 'll get back to the ship without alerting sharis to our intentions . 
 the station at the governmental hub is nearly deserted . 
 i wonder if that 's common for this time of day as we join the four ithtorians waiting for the next tram . 
 they recoil when they catch sight of us , sidling away with clicks and hisses that sound almost hostile , though i ca n't make out what they 're saying . 
 their reaction does n't bode well for the proposed alliance . 
 their faceted gazes touch on us and slide away . 
 not being able to understand them frustrates me . 
 i need that implant sooner rather than later . 
 beside me , march tenses , anticipating trouble . 
 given our history , that 's not entirely paranoid . 
 i 'm starting to wish we had n't ventured out alone . 
 i was just thinking about protecting march . 
 to my relief , the ithtorians decide to ignore us . 
 their conversation subsides as the next train arrives . 
 the doors slide open with a hiss , and we board . 
 calling on my crash course in ithtorian symbology , i 'm almost positive i 've identified the one that represents the spaceport . 
 not surprisingly , it 's the last stop , and the bugs disembark before us . 
 `` this must be the place , '' march says , as we get off . 
 `` i hope . '' 
 since i 'm worried about him , my smile does n't come off as sincere as i 'd like . 
 i hate playing politics with my lover . 
 he could detect my falseness if he wanted to , but he does n't anymore . 
 i miss him . 
 this station is a stark and sterile gray , with seamless walls that provide a dizzying sense of distance . 
 i do n't recognize the place , but perhaps we took a different line earlier . 
 maybe we 're not lost . 
 my throat tightens as we climb an upward-sloping ramp . 
 it 's hard telling where we 'll come out . 
 i hope i made the right call , and that we 're about to enter the spaceport via some connecting tunnel . 
 a cold wind seems to deny that possibility . 
 `` shit , '' i mutter . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 march asks . 
 `` do we see where this leads or go back the way we came ? '' 
 i do n't know why , but the question strikes me as symbolic , like if we go back , i 'm expressing some subtle regret . 
 maybe i 'm reading too much between the lines , but he has to know i 'm not sorry for anything that has passed between us . 
 i only wish he was with me all the way , as i remember him . 
 `` let 's go forward . '' 
 march 's look is inscrutable , but he merely lifts his shoulders in a shrug . 
 for now i 'm in charge ... because he does n't trust his own judgment anymore . 
 talk about an ironic juxtaposition-i 'm not exactly a sterling candidate for mental stability . 
 we emerge into an open plaza underground . 
 the floor has been laid with some unknown stone-metal hybrid swirled with strange patterns . 
 this dark gray material shines as though glazed with glastique , but as i take two or three steps , it seems as though the colors shift beneath my feet , giving glimmers of violet and aquamarine . 
 a sculpture stands in the middle of the square ; if it were a human piece , i would say it looks incomplete , nothing more than a skeletal frame with an enormous head . 
 since it 's designed by bugs , i 'm not even sure it 's meant to be art . 
 around us , the area is filled with scurrying bugs . 
 tunnels slope down from four corners here , leading mary only knows where . 
 this appears to be something like a public park . 
 it 's a little cooler here than in other parts of the city . 
 that seems to lend itself to more strenuous activity , and there are a few bugs doing something that i 'd call exercise in a human . 
 apart from the athletes , there 's another subsection of the crowd that is n't hurrying to some other destination . 
 they 're assembled in a semicircle with one ithtorian as the focus of the others ' attention . 
 by its gestures , which are fierce and sweeping , it 's giving a speech . 
 now and then it pauses to let the audience respond with high-pitched sounds that hurt my ears . 
 i remember from my studies , that noise qualifies as applause . 
 as we hesitate at the top of the ramp , we draw the notice of some bugs at the back of the crowd . 
 they alert the others quickly , and before we can react , they surround us . 
 we could turn and go the way we came , but i 'm not sure we should make any sudden moves . 
 hostility bleeds from their claws , echoed by their clicking and hissing . 
 they have to be wondering what the hell we 're doing here , if they 're being invaded , although march and i do n't quite qualify as a dangerous force . 
 well , maybe march does . 
 i 'm still a little weak from the debilitating bone condition ; my ability to repair grimspace damage via a freak mutation did a number on my skeletal system , but the daily injections have helped . 
 more to the point , i 'm completely unarmed . 
 i do n't know what they 're saying , but a bug with yellow stripes on his carapace steps forward . 
 those markings mean he enjoys high status , so maybe he realizes we 're with the human delegation . 
 i think that right up until he curls his claws up against my abdomen . 
 i freeze . 
 if i shift a millimeter , those talons will pierce my gut . 
 this is n't how the mission is supposed to end . 
 beside me , march tenses , one heartbeat away from going into kill mode . 
 in fact , i 'd guess the only reason he 's restraining himself now is because i 'm being threatened , not him . 
 he lacks any emotional attachment to me at the moment . 
 all told , that 's probably a good thing , even if it breaks my heart . 
 my knees go soft when i recognize vel pushing through the crowd . 
 he speaks to my captor in the native tongue . 
 for obvious reasons , he does n't translate for me , but whatever he says , the other lets go . 
 i stumble back , rubbing my stomach . 
 `` how 'd you find us ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 his vocalizer takes a second to kick in . 
 `` while we were on the ship , i isolated the isotope the syndicate utilized to track you and input the signal into my handheld . 
 somehow i did not think you would remain in your quarters , as instructed . '' 
 i feel a hot blush steal over my cheeks . 
 he knows me too damn well . 
 either that , or i 'm predictable in my propensity for doing other than what i 'm told . 
 i could take offense , but vel 's caution has prevented us from landing in worse trouble , so i decide to be grateful he 's able to calculate my behavior based on past experience . 
 that ability is probably part of what made him such a great bounty hunter . 
 `` thank mary for that , '' i mutter . 
 the ring around us does n't look inclined to disperse . 
 march has n't given up the stance that says he 'd like to fight ; in fact , according to his body language , he 's aching for it . 
 and the bugs do n't look like they 're ready to let us walk either . 
 vel speaks without moving . 
 `` why did you come here , sirantha ? 
 what did you hope to gain ? '' 
 i hunch my shoulders against the wind . 
 `` i did n't mean to . 
 i thought i recognized the symbol for the spaceport . 
 doc needs to take a look at march . '' 
 and me , i add silently . 
 getting a translator chip implanted has just moved up to the top of my to-do list . 
 `` the symbols might look similar , '' vel murmurs . 
 `` if you 're not a native speaker . 
 the spaceport sign has a bend to the right on the top of the character , not left . 
 it also has a tiny dot on top . '' 
 that does n't help a whole lot right now . 
 the bugs who have penned us in grow impatient with our conversation , and the one who threatened to disembowel me confronts vel , belligerence in every click of his mandible . 
 i can tell by his posture that he 's the highest-ranking ithtorian on scene . 
 the others will follow his lead . 
 `` can you do some fancy talking ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` get us out of this ? '' 
 `` unlikely , '' he returns , when his dialogue with the leader comes to an ominous conclusion . 
 `` you have stumbled into a demonstration . '' 
 uh-oh . 
 `` against what ? '' 
 `` by the way they 're looking at us , '' march says , `` i 'm going to guess ... humans . '' 
 chapter 5 i so do n't want this to turn into a fight . 
 the ithtorians seem as if they 'd be happy to execute us without a trial , though on what charges i ca n't even guess . 
 i 'm doing my level best not to make the situation worse , other than the stupidity that landed us here . 
 vel does all the talking for obvious reasons . 
 i stand with my hands in plain view . 
 see , i 'm not moving at all . 
 not a threat . 
 just a cute little cuddly human . 
 inexplicably , i want to giggle . 
 it 's the higher nitrous content in the air , i know , but it 's starting to affect me . 
 it seems like my silly , not-hostile stance might be working . 
 until the missile hits me in the face . 
 i do n't see which bug threw it-or what hit me-but it hurts . 
 the hot trickle down my cheek makes me think i 've been injured . 
 seeming not to care if he lives or dies , march throws himself at the five ithtorians closest to him . 
 i do n't know why he snapped , but with his bare hands , he 's more lethal than most would be using a weapon . 
 in two brisk moves , he puts a couple of them on the ground by slamming their heads together . 
 he 's quick and angry , but the bugs fight back without hesitation . 
 soon we 're lost in a brutal melee , and march stands at the center of it . 
 i do n't know what the hell would have happened if a siren had n't sounded . 
 everyone stills , turning to face the authorities . 
 vel speaks to them quickly , and before i can hardly process what 's happened , we 're loaded into a small private vehicle . 
 the pair of bugs who extricated us gets in the front , leaving us in a cargo area in back . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i ask vel as heat washes over me . 
 `` are we being arrested ? '' 
 i 'm more than a little concerned about march-and the fate of our mission . 
 would n't my mother laugh to learn i 've already screwed this up , despite my best intentions ? 
 that 's my girl , she 'd say with a delighted smile . 
 thanks to my good offices , the morgut will eat their way through human settlements while she gets rich off the terrified survivors . 
 `` your party has diplomatic immunity , '' vel explains . 
 `` the cut on your cheek , plus the footage from public-security surveillance proves you did not offer aggression first . 
 it can be argued that march acted in defense , fearing for your life . 
 it would have brought great shame to our people if anyone in your delegation suffered irrevocable harm after offering safe passage . '' 
 i 'm pretty sure the only thing on march 's mind was squashing bugs . 
 his expression makes me doubt he wanted anything more than to kill something . 
 even now , he looks savage and feral , unsatisfied by the brutality he inflicted . 
 i shiver a little . 
 `` so where are we headed ? '' 
 march asks in a low growl . 
 `` the spaceport , '' vel answers . 
 `` we will use the maintenance tunnels that run parallel to the underground . 
 i explained to the peace officers that you needed to retrieve equipment from your ship , but became disoriented in the underground . '' 
 which made us sound stupid , but that story had the virtue of being true . 
 we could work with it . 
 they might ask why we did n't simply send a messenger for the item , or request an official escort . 
 i 'm starting to wish we had . 
 on the other hand , meeting that angry mob gives me a better idea how the average ithtorian feels about the proposed alliance . 
 it 's not going to be all sunshine and roses , no matter what chancellor tarn hopes . 
 the grand administrator does n't favor the measure , and it sounds like the people echo her misgivings . 
 my bare arms sting from the abrupt switch from cold to heat . 
 more than anything , i 'd like a reassuring touch from march , even just his mind to mine , but there 's nothing . 
 he might as well be on a different continent , and , mary , i want him back like he was . 
 like we were . 
 `` why did you not request my help ? '' 
 vel asks quietly . 
 `` even if you had a surreptitious agenda , you must have known you could rely on me . '' 
 even against your own people ? 
 though i do n't want to say it out loud , i realize now i subconsciously lumped him with `` them , '' the nebulous collective against which i need to be on guard . 
 i was afraid to tell vel about march 's instability , afraid it could somehow be used against us . 
 and i was worried he might take it wrong , if he learned i wanted to have my own chip implanted . 
 `` do i ? '' 
 i try to soften the implicit question . 
 march shifts in his seat , regarding us silently . 
 i mentally will him to stay out of it , but i do n't feel the telltale prickle that alerts me when he 's reading me . 
 no , in this moment , he 's no more than a mute observer . 
 my problems are n't his . 
 the bounty hunter turns his face away , choosing to look out instead of answering . 
 the vehicle roars as the driver switches from ground to hover mode . 
 we soar over titanium spires toward the delicate firefly flicker of the spaceport . 
 `` these are not my people . '' 
 the neutrality of the vocalizer makes his words more poignant for their lack of vehemence . 
 `` this is my race , but these are not my people . '' 
 i do n't know what to say to that , but he goes on , so i do n't need to deal with my inadequacy . 
 `` i left here because i did not fit . 
 i traveled , but never did i ... '' he pauses , as the translator seeks a word-or perhaps he is thinking . 
 `` belong . 
 in more turns than you can imagine , the closest i have ever come to a home is with you , sirantha . '' 
 i still am not sure how to respond . 
 part of me wants to hug him , but he 's told me ithtorians do n't form emotional bonds , and that a hug would be construed as an aggressive act . 
 but has n't he just said he 's not like others of his kind ? 
 `` but surely with the guild - '' i begin . 
 `` i made money for them , '' vel tells me . 
 `` i am excellent at hunting fugitives . 
 even now , my record remains impeccable , but i did not feel entirely accepted . 
 i was still alien , still other . '' 
 sudden insight washes over me . 
 `` you were that here , too . '' 
 vel inclines his head , a learned human gesture that reminds me how familiar he 's become to me over the past months . 
 whether he would agree with the assessment or not , i consider him my friend-and the one person i can trust at my back , no questions asked . 
 i see now that trust can extend even here on ithiss-tor . 
 he would choose us over his own people . 
 for that , they would doubtless call him traitor , or worse , and i can see how my decision must have slighted him , shaken his sense of belonging , even if he does n't know emotional pain as we do . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say quietly . 
 `` i wo n't cut you out of the chain of command again . 
 you 're a valuable team member , and i do n't think i realized until this moment - '' before i can finish my thought , the comm crackles to life . 
 clicks and chitters come across that make sense only to vel , but i can interpret what i see out the window well enough . 
 what would have taken march and me ages to sort out , vel handled with a few words . 
 we 've come up one of the side tunnels and emerged behind the underground . 
 from the station adjacent to the spaceport , we walk up the ramp into the docking authority proper . 
 it 's cold in here as well , with bizarre-looking droids darting around on six legs . 
 what i presume to be a san-bot comes up to me and nudges my foot . 
 pushy little bastard , are n't you ? 
 i step aside and let it get the smudge . 
 with some relief , i recognize the lachion ship , which is much different in design from ithtorian vessels . 
 the ones that are kept here look so ancient i ca n't imagine they would even fly without a significant amount of work . 
 theirs tend to be long and narrow , with a multiplicity of decks . 
 our ship is fat and broad , only two levels . 
 vel pauses to converse with the peace officers , which i take to be something like policemen . 
 i reflect how much i hate being left out of a conversation . 
 once we 're on board , i 'll tell vel about my plan to get an implant . 
 i owe him a tangible demonstration of the trust i damaged by not including him in the first place . 
 he and i have been through so much together , i feel stupid for thinking he might forget that just because we 're on his homeworld . 
 i know if i had the choice between helping vel and a bunch of strange humans , vel would win every time . 
 i 'll never be one to sacrifice the few for the many . 
 march and i wait while the ithtorians wrap up their conversation . 
 then the bounty hunter turns to us . 
 `` they can not keep news of the altercation from reaching the council , but they are not going to make the report themselves . 
 i suspect they would merely like to avoid dealing with the paperwork . 
 they 're also very interested in visiting our vessel . 
 with your permission , i could give them a tour . '' 
 that sounds like a fair reward for our relatively bloodless extrication from the square . 
 i nod . 
 `` sure , they can come along . 
 just keep them out of med bay for a while , will you ? '' 
 vel agrees . 
 `` i will save that for last ... and alert you on the comm before we come in . 
 does that sound feasible ? '' 
 `` more than . '' 
 so now we 're off to see doc . 
 accessing transcript ... omni news net : special report-the real syndicate -lsb- a young brunette faces the vid , settling herself comfortably in her chair . 
 behind her , there is a wall of images reflecting the important guests she has interviewed over the years . 
 another woman joins her ; dark-haired and impeccably coiffed , she is older but gives the impression of being ageless . -rsb- 
 lili lightman : if you 've just joined us , welcome to lili lightman live . 
 i wrapped up my report on toxins in the water supply on saleris , and now i 'm privileged to have a guest on the program . 
 she does n't usually permit interviews , but she 's made an exception today . 
 please welcome ramona jax . 
 ramona jax : thank you , lili . 
 it 's a pleasure to be here . 
 lili : you initially refused the invitation when our producers contacted you . 
 is that right ? 
 ramona : it is . 
 lili : may i ask why you changed your mind ? 
 ramona : -lsb- she offers a winning smile . -rsb- 
 certainly . 
 it occurred to me that this could be an opportunity to shed some light on the truth about our organization . 
 lili : and what would that truth be ? 
 ramona : the perception is , we 're a band of bloodthirsty criminals . 
 -lsb- she leans in toward the vid , encouraging the close-up . -rsb- 
 and that simply is n't the case . 
 we are businesspeople , nothing more , nothing less . 
 we provide a wide variety of goods and services , but we force none of our goods and services on those who choose not to patronize us . 
 lili : so you claim there 's no criminal element ? 
 ramona : my dear , trade agreements vary so widely from planet to planet that it 's become a gray area for nearly any large company . 
 for instance , the sale of slaves is clearly prohibited on new terra , but is lawful on nicu tertius . 
 as long as we do not traffic in proscribed regions , in what way are we breaking the law , should we trade with the nicuan empire ? 
 lili : i think my viewers would argue there 's a moral imperative at work that supersedes any planetary policy . 
 ramona : but is n't morality an artificial value system imposed via the codification of cultural norms ? 
 on one world , they accept human sacrifice as part of their religion . 
 on another , brothers and sisters marry . 
 what right have we to condemn others for their beliefs ? 
 -lsb- she lofts a brow . -rsb- 
 do you feel qualified to sit as judge ? 
 lili : -lsb- she shifts , obviously uncomfortable . -rsb- 
 well , no . 
 so you 're saying there are no absolutes . 
 ramona : indeed . 
 the syndicate offers value to all , regardless of creed , culture , or species . 
 lili : -lsb- she looks uncertain and confused . -rsb- 
 that 's very ... egalitarian . 
 ramona : exactly . 
 i 'm quite proud of our organization , but concerned with the dissemination of deliberate misinformation . 
 too long has the public been misled by the pathetic tidbits let slip by the farwan regime , and it seems as if the conglomerate intends to continue that same fascist censorship policy . 
 for instance , consider this proposed alliance with ithiss-tor . 
 has anyone examined the long-term ramifications of having the ithtorians involved in interstellar affairs ? 
 they have a history every bit as violent as the aliens from whom we would ask them to protect us . 
 what if the ithtorians choose to side with the morgut ? 
 can we accurately predict their loyalties , based on our knowledge of them ? 
 i think not , and it troubles me that humanity decided not to ask its own for aid . 
 lili : what do you mean ? 
 ramona : the syndicate has an extensive fleet , lili . 
 our services can be retained for a reasonable fee , which includes private security and military applications . 
 if humanity needs a defender , surely we are the reasonable choice . 
 lili : -lsb- she listens for a moment to an unheard voice . -rsb- 
 i understand your daughter has been dispatched to ithiss-tor to broker this alliance . 
 how do you feel about that ? 
 ramona : naturally , i advised against it , but you know how mothers and daughters can be . 
 she discounts my age-earned wisdom , so i can only tell you that i 'm proud of her , regardless of how misguided her decisions may be . 
 i only hope her work there does n't cost us . 
 lili : -lsb- her eyes widen . -rsb- 
 what are you implying ? 
 ramona : i 'm sure it 's already on everyone 's minds-what a misstep could mean . 
 -lsb- she lowers her voice , conspiratorial . -rsb- 
 the axis wars . 
 lili : -lsb- she looks troubled . -rsb- 
 you 've given us a great deal to think about today , ramona . 
 thanks for appearing on lili lightman live , and we appreciate you offering your insights on current events . 
 -lsb- she gazes intensely into the vid . -rsb- 
 if you have thoughts on the alliance or the syndicate-or the lovely blue dress ramona is wearing -lrb- design by care-wear -rrb- - you can bounce your thoughts to me at satellite 11.23.044.3340 . 
 thanks for watching , and as always , keep reaching for the stars . 
 chapter 6 on the way to medical , jael steps out of the lounge , intercepting us . 
 `` what 're you two doing back here ? 
 i thought you were instructed to stay in your quarters . 
 are we making a run for it ? '' 
 i give him a sour smile . 
 `` none of your business . '' 
 `` where you 're concerned , everything 's my business , darling . '' 
 he props himself up , obviously not intending to let us pass until his curiosity has been satisfied . 
 march tenses dangerously , still seething with unspent impulses . 
 the fight with the ithtorians was broken up too soon for him to feel satisfied . 
 mary , i hope jael does n't provoke him . 
 `` it does n't impact your assignment , '' i tell jael firmly . 
 `` i 'll decide that . '' 
 when march moves to push past him , jael puts a hand on his shoulder , and that 's the last straw . 
 march lashes out with a blow that would fell anyone else . 
 jael 's head snaps back , blood spurting from his nose , but an answering light kindles in his eyes . 
 to these two , this is probably like foreplay . 
 if i had any sense , i 'd run . 
 instead , i skitter back a few paces as they slam into the wall . 
 jael 's slight build indicates he should be an easy opponent for march , but he 's stronger than he looks . 
 fists crash into jaws , fingers dig into each other . 
 march lands an elbow in the sternum and follows with a kick that should 've broken jael 's kneecap , but the other man leaps aside . 
 jael retaliates with a flurry of blows , almost too fast to track . 
 i wince as they land on march 's chest . 
 the merc is too smart to go for the head . 
 he knows the body is where you do the most damage . 
 march does n't seem to feel it . 
 he grabs jael and slams his head into the wall with such force i expect to see his skull shatter . 
 this ca n't go on . 
 i tap the comm . 
 `` doc , i need you down on deck two , section a-12 . 
 bring a tranq . '' 
 they grapple , better than a constant exchange of punches . 
 jael breaks free and slams his head into march 's chest , rocking him back . 
 march replies with a strong right hook . 
 if jael had a glass jaw , he 'd go down right there . 
 the punch had all march 's power behind it . 
 instead , he takes the hit and slams an elbow into march 's gut . 
 march in turn takes the blow and slams a roundhouse into jael 's left cheek , and i swear i hear the crunch of bone . 
 by the time doc gets here , they 've beaten each other bloody . 
 jael looks like he got the worst of it , but that 's only because of the broken nose . 
 blood has spattered all over both of them , and they show no sign of calming down . 
 doc assesses the situation in a single glance and tranqs them both . 
 `` you 're back sooner than i expected . '' 
 only he could make such a moment conversational . 
 `` what brought this on ? '' 
 he 's a short , stocky man with the heavy musculature of those from high-g worlds . 
 i do n't think he was born on lachion , though he has certainly been adopted into the clans . 
 doc 's real name is saul solaith , and he 's more a geneticist than a practicing physician , but he takes care of the crew nonetheless . 
 a few clansmen help transport jael and march to medical . 
 i follow along behind , feeling sick . 
 march has winked out completely , but jael is fighting the meds ; he 'll shake them off soon . 
 `` march is having trouble being surrounded by all those ithtorians , '' i explain . 
 `` it rouses his ` fight ' instinct . 
 we came in to have him checked out , and jael decided he needed to interfere . '' 
 the merc glances up , groggy and squinting in the bright lights . 
 `` i thought he might be dangerous , jax . 
 what if he 'd gone after you instead of me ? '' 
 i ignore that , addressing doc . 
 `` what can you do ? '' 
 `` medicate him . '' 
 doc narrows his gaze on march . 
 `` i can synthesize a wide range of behavior-modification drugs , but i 'll need to run some tests to confirm the dosage . '' 
 `` we do n't have to be anywhere before tomorrow , '' i add . 
 `` can you do something for him that quickly ? '' 
 a little voice reminds me i could leave him on the ship . 
 maybe march would n't even care , but i would . 
 i 'd feel like i was abandoning him , unwilling to deal with the drawbacks associated with being with him . 
 and yeah , right now it 's hard as hell ; i ca n't even touch him . 
 but i remember what we were like together , and i wo n't get that back without some effort . 
 i 've never been afraid to fight for what i want . 
 time to prove to him that i wo n't walk when the going gets tough . 
 maybe he 'll find that confusing and incomprehensible in his present state . 
 maybe he wo n't even appreciate it until after we fix him , but it 's when , not if . 
 i wo n't give up . 
 he thought i gave up on us when i was at my weakest , but i 've only ever wanted to keep from hurting him . 
 march is such a maddening bundle of contradictions , brutal strength wrapped around a vulnerable core . 
 the way he used to need me scared me to death-and now i 'm afraid he 'll never need me again . 
 i 'm just never satisfied , am i ? 
 doc has been tapping away at his terminal , trying to answer my question . 
 finally , he says , `` yes , if i get started right away , i should be able to pin down what he needs . '' 
 `` what about me ? '' 
 jael asks , becoming more alert by the second . 
 `` do i get anything recreational while i 'm here ? 
 i 've been a good boy . '' 
 doc ignores him , but i 'm finding it hard . 
 `` could you piss off already ? 
 go clean up . 
 you do n't need to be here . '' 
 jael sighs and pushes himself upright . 
 `` that 's the thanks i get for saving your ass ? 
 he could 've really hurt you . '' 
 `` you set him off . '' 
 but the idea takes root , and i do n't like the accompanying fear . 
 it does n't look like it would take much to make march think i 'm a threat . 
 the merc sighs heavily and staggers toward the door . 
 `` i 'm warning you , jax . 
 he 's not stable , and i 'm not saying that to be a pain in the ass . '' 
 after jael leaves , i watch while doc hooks march up to various lab gear . 
 `` do you want me to stay ? '' 
 saul shakes his head . 
 `` i 'd rather you did n't . '' 
 he pauses in his assessment of various readings . 
 `` but i think jael 's right . 
 march is in trouble . '' 
 mary , i hate hearing that from doc . 
 he would n't exaggerate the problem . 
 `` buzz me on the comm if you find anything interesting or unexpected ? '' 
 `` absolutely , jax . 
 do n't worry ... i 'll take good care of him . '' 
 i slip out , and afterward , i realize i did n't ask doc about the implant . 
 well , i guess that will keep . 
 march was my first priority anyway . 
 if i 'm going to thaw him out , i need to keep him nearby so i can work on him in my spare time . 
 that sounds terrible , as if he 's some scrap skimmer i hope to refurbish , when it 's not like that at all . 
 i 'd say he 's my reason for living , but that sounds melodramatic even in my own head . 
 so i 'll just say i owe him that . 
 my steps turn toward the quarters dina shares with hit . 
 they returned to the ship right after the party . 
 neither of them wants to stay on ithtorian soil . 
 dina has recovered from the teras attack better than anyone could have expected ; she only moves with a slight limp now . 
 when the door-bot announces me , they , too , seem surprised to see me back so soon . 
 hit greets me with a smile . 
 `` jax . '' 
 `` did you already frag things up ? '' 
 dina cracks , as i step inside . 
 i think about that . 
 `` not irrevocably , i hope . '' 
 they offer me some hot choclaste , slightly bitter just the way i like it . 
 my bones ache a little as i settle into a chair . 
 as i sip , i sum up what 's happened and why we 're back on the ship . 
 that sobers dina immediately . 
 `` damn . 
 i did n't realize war took such a toll on him . 
 is doc going to be able to help him while he ... '' she hesitates . 
 `` works through the nightmares or whatever ? '' 
 i 'm sure she knows soldiers can get flashbacks if the combat is intense enough , but she does n't know the half of it-how bad it strikes march-and i ca n't tell her . 
 so i shrug . 
 `` i hope so . 
 otherwise ... '' `` he ca n't take part in the diplomatic process , '' hit supplies . 
 `` not when he 's having trouble restraining violent urges . 
 sometimes it 's pretty hard to come back to civilian life when all you know how to do is kill . '' 
 she sounds like she speaks from personal experience . 
 i wonder if she knows anything that could help march . 
 `` can you think of anything i should do-or not do-to help him recover ? '' 
 damn , i wish i could be more specific , but i ca n't . 
 hit considers for a moment . 
 `` no sudden moves , no loud noises if you can avoid it . 
 sights , sounds , and smells can trigger an event . 
 he may suddenly feel like he 's under attack ... and it can seem so real . '' 
 put that way , i 'm amazed march managed to control himself so well out in the square . 
 it was n't until they offered the first hostile action that he slipped his leash . 
 he 's stronger than i knew . 
 `` noted , '' i say aloud . 
 `` he probably feels like he 's losing his mind , '' hit goes on . 
 i realize she 's describing postwar trauma for a non-psi veteran . 
 in march 's case , everything is probably multiplied by a factor of ten . 
 that makes my job harder , but it 's not impossible . 
 `` save him , '' dina says quietly . 
 `` i do n't know exactly what 's wrong , but i do know he 's not the same since he came back . '' 
 the urge to unburden myself is nearly overwhelming . 
 to fight the impulse , i set the cup aside and get to my feet . 
 `` thanks for the drink . 
 i need to track vel down and talk about the meeting tomorrow . '' 
 `` good luck , '' hit says with a solemn expression-and i know she does n't just mean in my diplomatic endeavors . 
 i acknowledge that with a nod before heading out . 
 in the hall , i touch my comm . 
 `` vel ? '' 
 his immediate response is reassuring . 
 `` yes , sirantha ? '' 
 `` how 's the tour coming ? '' 
 `` the peace officers have departed , '' he tells me . 
 `` they were much impressed with our facilities , especially the wardrober . 
 the idea of wearing anything other than color for personal adornment intrigues them . 
 i believe they intend to discuss the possibility of sashes and belts as an additional sign of rank with their commanding officer . '' 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 `` my quarters , '' he answers . 
 `` i 'm on the way . 
 we need to talk . '' 
 and not on the comm , where anyone could be listening in , i add silently . 
 ithtorian technology is certainly capable of it ; but if we did it to them , it would be construed as an aggressive act , spying as a prelude to war . 
 so i do n't know if they would take that risk this early in the game . 
 i increase my pace so that i 'm nearly running . 
 i 'm almost there when he asks , `` march is settled then ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 with a click , i switch off my comm . 
 slightly out of breath , i press the panel beside his door and wait for the door-bot to announce me . 
 vel answers the door himself , wearing-unless i misinterpret his expression-a look of mild concern . 
 he steps back , ushering me into his quarters , then , as a precaution i appreciate , he seals the door behind us with a command to the bot : `` no interruptions , no exceptions . '' 
 vel picks a seat before the terminal , where he was evidently working before i arrived . 
 that seems like all he does ; i realize i do n't know of anything he does for fun . 
 i sit down across from him . 
 `` i 'm bringing this to you because i do n't want to leave you in the cold like i did before . 
 and who knows , maybe you can even help me . '' '' 
 ` in the cold ... ' '' vel repeats . 
 sometimes i 'm not sure how much universal he understands on his own and how much he relies on the translation provided by the chip attached to his vocalizer . 
 `` you mean because you did not share your plans ? '' 
 `` yeah , exactly . 
 i want a chip that lets me understand ithtorian . 
 i 've thought about it , and i do n't need the complementary vocalizer installed right now . 
 the surgery would take too long anyway ... i would n't be able to use it tomorrow at the summit . 
 i 'd be incapacitated for a couple of days . 
 but chips only take a matter of hours , right ? '' 
 `` that is essentially correct , '' vel says . 
 `` might i ask why you want this , sirantha ? '' 
 here we go , testing that trust between us . 
 `` because your people will talk freely around me if you 're not there to translate , '' i tell him . 
 `` that riot earlier opened my eyes to the fact that things may not be as straightforward as sharis il-wan would have us believe . 
 he wants this alliance , but the grand administrator does n't . 
 nor does that group we ran into in the square . '' 
 `` the opposition party . '' 
 vel identifies them for me , giving no hint as to his thoughts . 
 `` what do they oppose ? '' 
 `` it is hard to pin down , '' he says , `` but in general terms ... progress . 
 they despise change . 
 they see it as destructive to our cultural heritage , disrespectful of the past . '' 
 vel clicks his claws thoughtfully , clearly thinking of what i 've said and not the politics of his homeworld . 
 `` my people would expect you to reveal the addition of such nanotech . 
 failure to do so would be considered bad form , borderline espionage . '' 
 `` so they would never consider acting in a way that offered unfair advantage ? '' 
 that does n't seem to track with what i 've learned of ithtorian business practices . 
 vel 's mandible splays in a movement i recognize as amusement . 
 `` i did not say that , sirantha . 
 the key is to avoid getting caught . 
 many things take place that would not be acknowledged . 
 the only shame is having one 's schemes uncovered . '' 
 `` then you support the idea ? '' 
 i ask in relief . 
 `` i 'll talk to doc before we leave . '' 
 `` you do not need doc for this , '' vel tells me . 
 `` i keep a spare blank chip in my pack in case i must hunt on a world whose language is not included in my current configuration . 
 that way i can download the data and implant it before i travel . 
 as you point out , the chip bonds with the language center of the brain in a matter of hours . '' 
 `` so you 're saying you can handle the installation for me ? '' 
 in reply , he lofts a wicked set of pincers . 
 while i watch , mildly alarmed , he works on his terminal , then clicks the chip into a memory spike . 
 i presume he 's downloading ithtorian for me . 
 `` are there any other languages you would like while we are doing this ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` we will not be able to modify the chip once it is in your body . '' 
 i think about that for a moment . 
 `` is there anything that would help me understand the marakeq natives ? '' 
 before the vocalizer kicks in , vel shakes his head . 
 `` they are class p , so no translation programs have been written , and the only available research comes from fugitive scientists . '' 
 `` i suspected as much . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` never mind then . 
 what about the morgut ? '' 
 it seems like it would be an advantage to understand my enemies . 
 he considers . 
 `` i can offer you a partial vocabulary , i think , but i do not know how it would interface with your brain stem . 
 i ca n't offer any guarantee of complete comprehension . 
 the morgut language is alien , even to me . '' 
 `` give it a whirl . '' 
 chapter 7 before i can reconsider , vel pounces . 
 he knows me so well . 
 if he 'd given me time to think , i would have tensed up , and it would have been much worse . 
 therefore , the pinch on the side of my neck surprises me with its mildness . 
 `` that 's it ? '' 
 vel inclines his head . 
 `` in six to eight hours , you will begin to be able to understand ithtorian . 
 within twenty-four , all the necessary connections will be in place , and you should comprehend the language fully . '' 
 interesting . 
 he said `` the , '' not `` our . '' 
 `` will it leave a mark ? '' 
 `` not so anyone will notice . '' 
 `` realistically , how much trouble am i going to be in with the council for not obeying their directive to remain in my quarters ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` you are not a prisoner , sirantha . 
 you are an honored guest , and it is their duty to protect you . 
 they will be shamed that you took even a small injury during your stay on ithiss-tor . '' 
 `` so this can be spun to our advantage ? '' 
 i do n't want them to focus on my outlaw tendencies . 
 if they knew what a long , messy history i have of doing the opposite of what i 'm told , things could get ugly . 
 i wish i knew why , but it 's so deeply ingrained in me that it does n't even feel like an impulse . 
 i process what i 'm supposed to be doing , then before i know it , i 'm off doing something else entirely , usually for very good reasons , but my motivations do n't change the outcome . 
 deep down , i 'm sure it has to do with my origins . 
 i was conceived in grimspace . 
 humanity discovered grimspace via technology seeded by the old ones ; we pass through it like a fold in space , allowing us to travel great distances in a short time . 
 i 'm one of those gifted with the j-gene , which lets me navigate this primordial matter . 
 at the heart of grimspace lies pure chaos , the maelstrom from which all life originally sprang , so it makes sense to reckon a thread of disorder runs through my very dna . 
 `` i think it can be , '' he says , after a moment 's thought . 
 `` but do remember , i have not lived on ithiss-tor for many turns . 
 my recollections and assessments may not be entirely accurate any longer . '' 
 `` noted . '' 
 i start to apologize again for not asking him for help , but i guess he can read my body language now , because he holds up a hand . 
 `` shall we see about march ? '' 
 `` sounds good , '' i agree . 
 i lead the way from vel 's quarters back to medical . 
 along the way , we greet various crew members , who must have been briefed to expect vel 's natural appearance because they do n't recoil or otherwise react . 
 i can remember a time when march would have touched my mind half a dozen times while we were apart . 
 right now , i feel incredibly alone and in over my head , despite my significant volume of knowledge regarding ithtorian culture and customs . 
 when we arrive , we find doc wrapping up . 
 now awake , march looks more than a little edgy , his hands curled into fists on his upper thighs . 
 doc greets us with a wave , but he does n't turn away from the terminal where he 's working on test results . 
 `` good timing , '' doc says . 
 `` get him out of here , will you , jax ? 
 i need some peace to get this done , and he glares too loud for me to concentrate . '' 
 `` can do , '' i say , stifling a snicker . 
 `` come on , you . '' 
 i wish i could reach for him , lace my fingers through his . 
 instead , we step into the corridor , completely separate . 
 if you 'd told me i would one day come to miss having march in my head , i would have said you were crazy . 
 but even more than his mind brushing mine , i miss his physical warmth . 
 vel starts to follow , but doc says , `` velith , if you could stay a minute , i have a couple of questions about the atmosphere on ithiss-tor . '' 
 `` certainly . '' 
 the door swishes shut , and i look at march hesitantly . 
 `` it 'll just take an hour or two for doc to synthesize something . 
 we might as well wait until he 's done . '' 
 that would leave plenty of time for me to get back to my quarters in the council building , and get some sleep before the summit in the morning . 
 wordless , he nods . 
 i head for our quarters , leaving doc and vel to talk . 
 the vast sea of screens , all playing jax , has gone back into the wall , leaving the room stark and bare . 
 i remember how i found him watching old vids of me after i woke up from the accident . 
 he did n't want to face me , did n't want to admit i was right , and he lost himself on lachion . 
 it was easier to look at electrical slivers that offered a facsimile . 
 separate bunks on opposite sides seem to encapsulate the problems between us . 
 i do n't know how to bridge the gap , and in his current state , march does n't even care if i try . 
 he 'd rather go back to nicuan , return to the life that nearly killed him once before . 
 the old jax might have written him off as too much trouble . 
 i 'm delighted that 's no longer an option for me . 
 fixing march is my number one priority , apart from my ambassadorial duties . 
 `` so , '' he says , sprawling into a chair , `` you 're going to drug me and keep me close as what ... arm candy ? '' 
 i start to smile because , let 's face it-march is not arm candy . 
 he 's big for one thing , bulky , not slim enough to wear clothes well . 
 his black hair has n't been trimmed in a while , so it spills nearly to his shoulders . 
 he 'd hate to hear it , but apart from his eyes , his hair is his best feature . 
 it 's silkier than it looks , and grown out , it has a touch of a curl . 
 he has a strong , rough-hewn face , more authoritative than attractive . 
 his jaw says he 's pugnacious ; his nose says he 's lost a few fights . 
 but he has the most amazing eyes , fine sherry with gold and toffee flecks , fringed in glorious , ridiculous lashes that curl up on the ends . 
 they 're even longer than they look because the tips have been bleached gold by the same sun that left his skin a burnished brown . 
 but my smile fades because he 's not joking . 
 does he see this as an imposition ? 
 oh , mary , would he prefer to leave ? 
 if it 's just a promise that keeps him here-and not the hope we can one day be together the way we were-then i do n't know if i can be the person who clings , insisting it 's for his own good . 
 `` no . '' 
 my voice sounds soft , unsure . 
 for a few seconds , i ca n't say more . 
 i 'm not the mind reader in our duo , so i ca n't check to see if he 's just trying to drive me away for my own good , as i did to him when i was sick . 
 the irony of that does n't escape me . 
 i learned one thing from kai , one unshakeable truth . 
 people stay together and stay true only as long as they both want to . 
 and all the promises in the world do n't change the length of time . 
 nothing comes with a guarantee . 
 maybe i 'm just lucky i have a few months with march to remember . 
 with some effort , i go on , `` it 's just a temporary measure to help you cope . 
 unless ... you want to go . '' 
 these words stick in my throat as if they 're spined . 
 `` if you do , then you can walk . 
 things have changed . '' 
 he gives a sharp nod . 
 `` it 's not fair to you . '' 
 that 's the last thing i expect to hear . 
 mary , we 're so alike in some ways-it 's frightening . 
 but because i understand why he 's thinking along those lines , i wo n't react as he did when i thought i might be terminal . 
 i wo n't let fear and hurt dictate my response to him . 
 this is also reassuring . 
 if the march i love were entirely annihilated , he would n't care whether it was fair or not . 
 he would n't care about me in any capacity . 
 his vague guilt tells me that some of his emotions must be connecting on some level . 
 guilt is probably the hardest to eradicate , being the most wretched thing a person can feel . 
 i 'm not the nurturing sort , though . 
 so i poke at him . 
 `` oh , is that your issue ? 
 then we may as well call it . 
 because mary knows , i ca n't function without constant coddling . 
 you 'd better head for nicuan , so i can latch onto the next poor sucker who will prop me up emotionally . '' 
 `` you think this is funny ? '' 
 he demands . 
 i shuffle my feet . 
 `` a little . '' 
 `` it took mair a turn to unscramble my brain , '' he tells me in a dead whisper . 
 `` i spent three months tied because she knew i 'd try to kill her-and anyone else i could get my hands on-because they wanted to help me , transform me . 
 do you understand what i 'm saying , jax ? '' 
 my knees feel weak , so i sink down into a chair at last , eyes locked on his . 
 `` you did n't want to be fixed . '' 
 `` now you get it , '' he bites out . 
 `` and this ... this is ten times worse . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 i lean forward , elbows on my knees . 
 his face seems strange and sharp , new hollows that i do n't remember . 
 it 's almost as though he 's turning into someone else physically as well . 
 the longer hair adds to that impression . 
 march was always neat , shaved , and shorn . 
 his jaw bristles with black scruff this evening , two or three days ' worth at least . 
 he terrifies me . 
 `` because i do n't have voices driving me crazy anymore . 
 i can block now . 
 that makes me the perfect killer , no remorse , just the satisfaction of seeing the light leave somebody 's eyes . 
 and i 'm good at it , '' he adds deliberately as if he wants to shock me . 
 `` you 've had practice , '' i answer quietly . 
 `` there 's no pain anymore . 
 no fear . 
 i do n't care about anything but what i want . 
 i do n't have people hanging on me , asking me what they should do . 
 know what 's more ? 
 the longer i stay like this , the more i like it . 
 this is freedom ... and i could make a fortune on nicuan . 
 live like a king . '' 
 to hear march talking like this breaks my heart . 
 even if his body did n't die , the hero i first admired , then later adored , perished on lachion . 
 the irony is that the old jax probably would 've had a hell of a good time with him . 
 she did n't care about consequences or promises ; she did n't care about anything outside her tiny world . 
 she just wanted to chart beacons and have a good time . 
 i 'm not that woman anymore . 
 outwardly , i make myself shrug . 
 my indifference is pure facade , a pretense he could dispel with a quick mental touch , but he does n't . 
 there 's no telltale tingle on the nape of my neck , no chill that signifies his presence . 
 `` the choice is yours . 
 but if you 're so bad now , why have n't you hurt me ? '' 
 his smile chills me . 
 `` two reasons , baby . 
 i have n't been paid to , and you have n't given a reason . 
 yet . 
 if you were smart , you 'd release me from that promise before i lose my patience . 
 in the meantime , we can still have a physical relationship , '' he goes on . 
 `` what was it you said when i was so desperate for you ? 
 mary , i was so f ** king pathetic then . 
 oh yeah . 
 i 'd just be using you for sex . '' 
 chapter 8 `` no thanks , '' i say softly . 
 `` that 's not what i 'm looking for . '' 
 `` that 's all i can give you . '' 
 right now . 
 i do n't say it out loud because march is growing accustomed to his new state . 
 he 's on the cusp of forgetting the value of who he used to be . 
 in another month , he wo n't even want to change . 
 i 'll have to force it on him like mair did . 
 and that 's assuming i can correct those severed neural pathways . 
 when i think about everything that could go wrong here , i feel slightly sick . 
 worst-case scenario ? 
 i frag up the alliance and lose march for good . 
 but that 's not going to happen ; i wo n't let it . 
 for now , i just need to buy some time . 
 `` if you want to go to nicuan , we 'll take you after we finish here . 
 i 'd say you can go now , but no other ships will be landing . '' 
 his eyes seem shadowed and smoky , as he studies me . 
 `` fair enough . 
 with the help of doc 's mood-altering drugs , i 'm sure i can keep quiet and stay out of your way long enough for you to do the job here . '' 
 he hesitates . 
 `` even i know this is important , jax . 
 i do n't want to mess it up . 
 things will get ugly out there without this alliance . '' 
 by `` out there , '' he means the deep , silent reaches of space . 
 the morgut are growing bolder , raiding human outposts just for the pleasure of our meat . 
 we fought off a hunting party on emry station , purged the place , and only managed to save one little girl . 
 i 'll do better here . 
 i have to . 
 i do n't like to remember how bad it was there . 
 knowing there were monsters hiding up in the ducts , well , i ca n't articulate how scary that was . 
 and these monsters do n't just hide under the bed ; they eat you . 
 what we went through on emry ... that will be the fate of the whole galaxy unless we can convince the ithtorians to side with us in the coming conflict . 
 so much depends on me . 
 i ca n't help but wonder how it came to this . 
 i should n't be in charge of something so important . 
 but now that i am , i will give it my absolute best . 
 i just hope i do n't have to make any real sacrifices . 
 `` thanks , '' i say . 
 `` i hope it wo n't take too long . 
 shall we go see if doc has your meds ready ? '' 
 it costs me more than he will ever know to wear a face of quiet indifference . 
 who knows , i might even make it look effortless , but it 's never been easy for me to think about losing people i love . 
 not since i lost kai-he taught me everything i know about devotion . 
 and i still miss him . 
 in answer , march stands up . 
 `` sure . 
 let 's take a walk . '' 
 it 's as if those terrifying moments never happened . 
 he 's pushed back the menace , reined it in . 
 i can tell he 's got himself on a tight leash , and i hope it will hold . 
 whether i like it or not , our mission here is more important than feelings . 
 i take one last look around our quarters . 
 this has never been home for us . 
 as we pass through the doors , i 'm not sure i 'll ever have a home with march . 
 sadness washes over me , endless waves crashing against a lonely shore . 
 i miss the way he used to touch me . 
 i miss his smile . 
 i miss the way he used to tease me , but now he 's just a man who looks like the one i used to love , a doppelganger who wears his skin . 
 we step out into the hall . 
 the lights have been dimmed , telling us that the hour grows late . 
 the crews are on half watch now ; most personnel are enjoying some leisure time . 
 so we pass only a couple of people on the way back to med bay . 
 doc does n't look surprised to see us . 
 `` just in time , '' he says . 
 `` based on his test results , i 've whipped up a fine concoction that should keep him mellow , even if he 's surrounded by ithtorians . '' 
 `` pill or injection ? '' 
 march asks . 
 `` injection , of course . 
 i 've prepared thirty days of meds for you . 
 one shot a day should do it . '' 
 doc does the honors , giving march his first dose . 
 i wonder if we 'll see an immediate difference . 
 `` thanks , doc . 
 we should be getting back to council quarters . '' 
 doc regards me with a faintly worried expression . 
 `` good luck , jax . '' 
 i have the feeling i need it . 
 before heading back , we go looking for vel . 
 he 's in his quarters , doing some research on his terminal . 
 i do n't think i read him wrong when i judge him pleased to see us . 
 his mandible moves in a way that tells me he 's pleased about something anyhow . 
 `` sirantha , march , '' he greets us . 
 `` are you finished here ? '' 
 i answer , `` i think so , you ready to go ? '' 
 it 's only after i speak that i realize he did n't use his vocalizer . 
 i understood his clicks and whistles thanks to the chip that 's obviously already starting to work . 
 i 've always had a thing against implanted cybernetics . 
 hell , i hated the thought of the shunt they put in my wrist , and i need that to jack in . 
 but i have to say that this translation device is going to prove very useful ; i just hope i can remember not to answer in universal when i hear the ithtorians speaking . 
 though i know that the translator does n't have anything to do with being able to interpret body language , i still feel better able to read vel . 
 no wonder he 's pleased , the device 's already working , and it has n't been quite two hours . 
 does that mean the installation went well ? 
 i hope so . 
 `` congratulations . 
 the operation was a success . '' 
 march glances between us , obviously realizing that we share a secret . 
 i do n't know if i want to tell him ; i 'm not sure if we can trust him , not in his current state . 
 he makes the decision , though . 
 not me . 
 `` i do n't want to know , '' he says . 
 that wounds me because it symbolizes how he prefers distance when he used to crave closeness . 
 i guess i should be careful what i wish for because i remember wanting him to leave me alone . 
 that was a long time ago , but my wish has been granted . 
 time to go . 
 time to stop thinking about things i ca n't change right now . 
 we leave vel 's quarters and head off the ship . 
 the spaceport is quiet , no other ships in dock . 
 not surprising considering how xenophobic they are here . 
 if they have any new vessels , they 're hidden . 
 they probably do n't want us checking out their technology until we have hammered out this deal . 
 and i do n't blame them . 
 it 's also possible that these antiques on display are all they have . 
 vel finds us a private car to take us back to council quarters . 
 this time i pay more attention to the view out my window . 
 the vehicle is closed , totally automated . 
 we pass through the maintenance tunnels once more , and i gaze out the glastique panels on either side , admiring ithiss-tor at night . 
 this place has a haunting loveliness . 
 the constellations gleam bright as diamonds , and they 're arranged in alien formations . 
 a light snow has begun to fall , dusting the world in white lace . 
 their buildings are tall , interconnected with a warren of tunnels and enclosed bridges . 
 nobody travels on the surface here . 
 the architecture here reminds me of nothing so much as an insect hive . 
 i 've seen similar structures built by wasps and bees , but the ithtorians construct their homes from titanium and steel instead of earth . 
 i remain intrigued by the apparent contradiction between their architecture and the way they design the interiors of their structures . 
 am i to assume that the ithtorians present a hard carapace to the world but in truth they are softhearted ? 
 i do n't think i can use vel as my example in this case ; he is no longer typical of his people , if he ever was . 
 since he chose to leave his home , i think that he was not . 
 nobody speaks as the car purrs along , coming up from the tunnels into the station that adjoins the government center . 
 it apparently knows it can take us no farther because it stops and offers a basic `` thank you , have a nice day '' sort of sound . 
 vel , march , and i climb up , heading up the ramp into the foyer . 
 with vel to guide us , we pass much more quickly through the government warren into the housing annex . 
 when we reach the council quarters , there is only a single guard on duty . 
 to my vast pleasure , i understand what vel says to him , but i keep my expression blank . 
 it will completely devalue my advantage if they realize what i 've done . 
 not to mention spoiling any possibility of an alliance . 
 `` we needed to retrieve something from the ship , '' vel explains . 
 the guard answers , `` was there any trouble in the square ? 
 the council was concerned about the ambassador . '' 
 `` as you can see , she is well except for a minor scratch , but she , too , has concerns about the candor of the council . 
 she will discuss them tomorrow at the summit . 
 for now , we are all weary and would seek our rest . '' 
 march seems remarkably calm about not knowing what 's going on . 
 it must be the drugs . 
 he just waits patiently for vel to conclude his business . 
 the guard waves us in . 
 to show that i know something of their culture , i fold my arms flat against my body , hands tucked beneath my forearms and execute a tight bow . 
 a wa , one of the councilmen called it . 
 i read astonishment in the clicking of the guard 's mandible , but he returns the courtesy maybe i should talk to march , but i ca n't tonight . 
 i need to get some sleep before the summit . 
 his room adjoins mine , but he has his own entrance . 
 so i part from him in the hallway , and we go our separate ways . 
 i hope it 's not symbolic . 
 chapter 9 vel escorts me into my suite . 
 i do n't know if he 's concerned about my welfare or if he just wants to make sure i stay put this time . 
 that idea makes me smile faintly . 
 `` wa is the bow made in greeting and parting ? '' 
 i ask as we go into the living area . 
 `` correct , '' he tells me . 
 `` i will go over all the nuances at another time . 
 for now , i will bid you good night , sirantha . 
 if you have need of me , you know how to reach me . '' 
 that 's a very mild rebuke , based on what could have happened if he had n't turned up in such timely fashion . 
 i acknowledge that with a nod . 
 vel executes a neat wa before he goes , and i practice mine as well . 
 constance waits politely for us to finish our conversation . 
 `` there is a break in the surface of your face , '' she observes . 
 `` do you require treatment ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i 've already seen doc . 
 if he 'd thought it needed attention , he would have done something about it . '' 
 she accepts this . 
 `` have i displeased you in some fashion , sirantha jax ? 
 i understood i was to assist you under all circumstances . '' 
 oh man . 
 it 's too late for me to want to reassure an android who , not too long ago , could be tucked into my pocket or snapped shut when i did n't want to deal with her . 
 when dina installed her in the pretty robotics frame , it enhanced the type of tasks my pa could perform , but it also makes her harder to ignore . 
 i say , `` no , of course not . 
 i did n't expect to be gone so long . 
 do n't worry , you 'll see plenty of work tomorrow . '' 
 `` very well . '' 
 that 's the primary difference between her and a human being . 
 she does n't look for subtext ; she does n't second-guess me or wonder about my motives . 
 while i get ready for bed , she jacks into the terminal to recharge . 
 i 'm glad my bed is in another room . 
 i do n't mind sharing space with her , but it might be a little weird trying to drift off with her sitting motionless in sleep mode . 
 just before i retire , jael stops by my quarters , so he must know the symbols well enough to have gotten back from the spaceport on his own . 
 constance lets him in while i 'm changing , and i hear him making conversation with her . 
 that softens me because he 's about the only one besides me who treats her as more than a san-bot . 
 he already looks better . 
 the bruises on his face could be several days old at this point . 
 ah , the advantage of being bred . 
 given the way they persecute him , however , i do n't think i 'd want the ability if it comes at such a price . 
 `` i just wanted to check on you before bed , '' he says by way of greeting . 
 `` you mean make sure march has n't beaten me to death ? 
 he 's medicated . '' 
 `` i know you trust him , but you should n't . 
 i 've seen this kind of thing before . 
 as your bodyguard , i 'd be remiss if i did n't advise you to move him out of those quarters . '' 
 i raise a brow . 
 `` and put you in there instead ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` since i 'm in my right mind , i 'd offer more protection if the bugs get any inhospitable ideas . '' 
 `` thanks , but i 'm fine . '' 
 `` if you 're sure . '' 
 he pushes to his feet , subjecting me to a lingering look . 
 `` if you need anything , just let me know . 
 i 'll be here . '' 
 though i 'd once have sworn he was n't interested in me that way , there 's a certain warmth to his look . 
 i tell him gently , `` i wo n't . '' 
 `` fair enough . 
 good night , then . '' 
 as i get into bed , i tell myself he 's just doing his job . 
 there 's nothing special in the way he treats me . 
 if he were guarding doc , he 'd make the same recommendations . 
 in the morning , i wake in a gilded cage . 
 i cleanse myself according to ithtorian customs , but i hope they will forgive me if i wash my hair as well . 
 the bugs do n't have to worry about that aspect of personal grooming , but i 'm pleased to report that my hair is finally growing back . 
 it hangs in coarse black spirals down to my shoulders . 
 when march hacked it off , hoping to hide me from bounty hunters on new terra , i cried . 
 i can finally look at my reflection without cringing , which is good , because a lot of ithtorians will be watching me today . 
 the last step comes in donning the golden robe that leaves my arms bare . 
 constance watches me as i prepare for the summit , her face blank as only an android 's can be . 
 she 's unplugged from the terminal and ready for the day , clad in her sober black suit . 
 `` your hair should be up , '' she tells me , surprisingly . 
 `` this is a state occasion . 
 i can replicate the style other ambassadors favor . 
 it also possesses the virtue of giving your head a shape more pleasing to the ithtorian aesthetic . 
 would you like me to do so ? '' 
 `` if it will make them take me seriously , go for it . '' 
 without another word , she goes to work on my hair , wrapping it into a pair of neat twists on the back of my head . 
 her motions feel deft and sure as she affixes the sweep in place with jeweled pins . 
 i touch it gingerly when she 's done . 
 `` there . 
 we have seven minutes before we are expected at the summit . '' 
 `` i did n't think i had enough hair for this yet . 
 thanks . '' 
 my smile goes unanswered , and i wonder if she 'll eventually assimilate human facial expressions . 
 i 'm not sure of the limits on what she can learn . 
 `` i am here to serve . '' 
 i square my shoulders . 
 `` let 's do this . '' 
 the summit is being held in a meeting hall downstairs . 
 it 's an interesting place , i decide , as constance and i enter . 
 the walls are smooth black metal , overlaid with a lattice of complex stonework that seems curiously light , almost hollow in fact . 
 it gives the impression , as does the rest of this city , of a hive . 
 a soft , rich compost material covers the floor in lieu of carpet or tile ; the chamber smells oddly of jasmine , but that might be the greenery that aids in climate control and ventilation . 
 the chairs , if you could call them that , are oddly shaped , a distorted l , and by watching the councilmen who filter past us , i can see they sit backward as we think of it , with their carapaces resting against the spine of the `` l. '' there 's a circular viewing chamber through which other high-ranking ithtorians can watch the proceedings if they so desire . 
 just thinking of it makes me sweat . 
 i recognize sharis first . 
 in case i failed to do so , constance whispers , `` that is sharis il-wan heading toward us . '' 
 so i greet him with a respectful wa , not as low as the one i will offer the grand administrator when she deigns to arrive . 
 somehow i imagine she will be fashionably late , a subtle way to convey her disdain . 
 he returns the courtesy with a pleased click of his mandible . 
 i notice he did indeed hide all of his claws , which means he 's not offering me false civility . 
 the ithtorians have so many sly ways to convey an insult ; i need to be wary i do n't inadvertently cause offense . 
 so far , so good . 
 he does n't try to talk to me because vel has n't arrived yet . 
 instead , he hurries to intercept another council member . 
 i recognize devri at once . 
 his tall , slender figure towers over the rest . 
 this morning , his coppery chitin has been burnished to a sartorial gleam . 
 yes , he 's the handsome one . 
 i try to look bored as sharis says , `` things are not off to a good start . 
 the grand administrator has already heard of the riot in the plaza . '' 
 the translation offers no sense of his mood , just interprets the sounds in a way my brain can process them . 
 i attribute the emotional response all on my own . 
 devri glances over at me . 
 `` her actions seem impulsive . 
 she does not listen well , even if she is not as homely as some of her compatriots . '' 
 his faceted eyes slide along my scars . 
 `` perhaps they erred in sending us a well-adorned human . 
 as important as this is for both our peoples , they should have sent a smart one . '' 
 hey , i resent that . 
 maybe . 
 `` velith il-nok thinks well of her , '' sharis protests . 
 `` and given his family connections , he might have been a council member himself by now if he had not fled prior to the election . 
 so perhaps she is not entirely lacking in value . 
 we will simply have to wait and see . 
 for now , i am more concerned with how we present the recent unpleasantness to the council . 
 further proof that the op will vehemently oppose this alliance can only hurt us when it comes to a vote . '' 
 `` by vehemently , you mean violently , '' devri says . 
 sharis clicks his claws scornfully . 
 `` they know no other way . 
 they 're almost human in that regard . '' 
 ouch . 
 it 's a little harder to pretend incomprehension , but they would n't understand me if i were to tell them off . 
 unless one of them has a secret implant ? 
 if i did it , why could n't they ? 
 it 's a giant case of the left hand not knowing what the right is doing , so i make a mental note to prepare my people for this eventuality . 
 we 'll guard our tongues unless we 're on the ship , or convinced of our privacy in quarters . 
 that includes running a sweep for any potential listening devices . 
 it 's incredibly wearing to consider i 'll have to be on my guard almost every minute of the day . 
 `` agreed , '' devri says . 
 `` the opposition are savages , but perhaps we can turn that to our advantage . 
 this female seems cognizant of the niceties . '' 
 he turns to me then and offers a polite wa . 
 i respond in kind , knowing i 'm being tested like an animal that knows one cute trick . 
 nonetheless , i make sure my bow is a little lower than it needs to be , somewhere between respectful and obsequious . 
 i hold it for a full three seconds before straightening . 
 `` she 's almost civilized , '' sharis agrees . 
 `` if we can make the grand administrator see that , perhaps she will set aside her old grievances . '' 
 devri 's claws open and close , revealing extreme agitation . 
 `` it was a nasty business , the last time we had humans on world . '' 
 but before i can hear what would undoubtedly be a juicy piece of gossip , vel arrives . 
 for the first time , i notice the way the other ithtorians ' eyes skitter away from him , as if they find it unpleasant to gaze upon his unadorned shell . 
 the bounty hunter is the epitome of wasted potential to them , i suppose . 
 ithtorians put no stock in happiness or personal pleasure . 
 `` are we ready to begin ? '' 
 vel asks in ithtorian . 
 i 'm delighted to understand it . 
 he does n't look at me as he converses with sharis and devri . 
 good of him-i was n't sure how far his ability to dissemble went , but ithtorians can be sly , especially when it comes to business negotiations . 
 `` unfortunately , we are still waiting for councilor sartha ... and the grand administrator , '' sharis answers . 
 i realize that while i was eavesdropping , the other council members arrived , so i face each in turn and give a deep , deferential wa . 
 they return the courtesy with varying degrees of sincerity . 
 mako radiates genuine friendliness and sincere curiosity . 
 karom shows me his claws curled around his forearms in a silent threat he thinks i 'm too simple to catch . 
 somehow i manage to restrain the urge to bare my teeth at him . 
 vel told me a wide smile would be construed as an aggressive gesture , here . 
 during this quiet drama , the grand administrator makes her big entrance . 
 let the games begin . 
 chapter 10 the grand administrator enters with all pomp and ceremony . 
 her retinue trails her , an honor guard present to attest to her consequence . 
 the low hum of conversation ceases as she takes her place among us . 
 each council member greets her with a wa , lower than any they 've offered me or each other , for that matter . 
 she holds her pose for a few seconds , cognizant of the drama about to unfold . 
 then she takes her place at the head of the room . 
 the chairs are arranged in a semicircle around the one where she sits . 
 other than the grand administrator , none of us enjoys a position of superiority . 
 she is clearly the leader among us , and her seat reinforces that fact . 
 red-tipped claws trail idly along her lower limbs , bespeaking faint impatience . 
 `` we all know why we are gathered here , '' sharis says . 
 `` so i will simply introduce the ambassador and permit her to make the opening remarks . '' 
 this is it , time for me to shine . 
 thank mary i spent my time on the ship well , and i 've prepared a speech for this occasion . 
 otherwise , i 'd be nervous as hell . 
 using vel 's body language as a guide , i step to the center of the room . 
 around me , the council members take their seats , some of them ready to listen and give us a fair shake . 
 others have already made up their minds . 
 i can tell by karom 's posture that he wants to get this over with and thinks this is a waste of time . 
 i do n't imagine we 'll sway his vote . 
 `` esteemed hosts , i thank you for this opportunity ... and for your hospitality . 
 i come now , ready to articulate the many advantages our people will enjoy , should we join forces on a galactic scale . 
 i have taken the liberty of researching the goods you manufacture , and i can assure you that there is a huge market for the specialized weapons you produce . 
 they would certainly sell well off world , to say nothing of the sophisticated mining equipment . 
 there are a number of automated outposts that would be interested in your droids . '' 
 i pause to take stock of my audience 's response . 
 unfortunately most of them are still , and i am not skilled enough to judge a reaction without movement from claws or mandible . 
 vel looks encouraging , however , as he translates . 
 so i forge onward . 
 `` in addition to commerce , we can offer you a voice in galactic government . 
 if you should choose to join the conglomerate , ithiss-tor will be added to the roster of tier worlds , which are foremost in making policy that applies to all annexed planets . 
 some are too small in terms of population or annual revenue to qualify for a voting representative , but that is not the case for ithiss-tor . 
 you would receive an immediate vote and to qualify for all emergency and protective services at the conglomerate 's disposal . 
 `` in return for these services , we would expect ithiss-tor to participate in the senate by electing or nominating your own representative and sending him or her to new terra . 
 we would also expect your support in the event of any armed conflict and for your people to abide by all conglomerate laws that do not contradict cultural mores . '' 
 this does n't seem like the time to mention our worry about the morgut . 
 i thought i covered the topic nicely anyhow by talking about the vague possibility of armed conflicts . 
 i signal that i 'm finished speaking by executing a low bow in the grand administrator 's general direction . 
 then i wait for vel 's translation to catch up . 
 a rumble of clicks , chitters , and hisses sweeps over the room . 
 but this time the sounds coalesce into sense for me . 
 the slim , dainty councilor , mako , murmurs to devri , `` that was well-spoken . '' 
 and he agrees with a twitch of his mandible . 
 `` well enough , but now let us see how she stands up to questioning . '' 
 oh , i 'm not looking forward to that . 
 i have the feeling the grand administrator will go last . 
 she 'll let her minions wear me down before she goes in for the kill . 
 not surprisingly , karom goes first . 
 after being recognized by sharis , who is moderating the summit , he gets to his feet in a lumbering motion . 
 `` our economy is solid , '' he says . 
 `` i fail to see the value of gaining more politics for the dubious value of selling our goods off world . 
 can you defend changing the status quo in such a way , which dishonors the way our ancestors lived , when we gain so little ? '' 
 there 's a huge advantage in understanding what karom says as he says it but pretending to wait for vel 's translation . 
 that gives me time to think about how i 'm going to answer . 
 and that 's a damn good question . 
 how am i supposed to respond ? 
 while vel repeats this dutifully in universal , i ponder . 
 `` with greatest respect , honored karom , there is a difference between preserving one 's heritage and eventual stagnation . 
 there is a precedent that demonstrates how civilizations that failed to evolve eventually fell into a slow decline . 
 think about that , no new technologies or innovations . 
 sometimes it takes an outside stimulus to catalyze beneficial change . '' 
 vel translates . 
 i do n't like being in the center like this . 
 it makes me think all they need to do is pile up some wood and tie me down . 
 primitive genetic memory makes me feel hunted . 
 i hope i 'm not giving off the stink of fear . 
 i should 've asked vel about that . 
 was what i said too much ? 
 did i insult him in some fashion ? 
 surely , constance would signal me , but she 's across the room , out of nudging range . 
 i can feel myself start to sweat , but i do n't want to reveal my case of nerves with restless movement . 
 forcing myself to stand still , i present a composed face as karom resumes his seat . 
 by the contemptuous click of his claws , he thinks that was a fine piece of specious oratory . 
 the councilors discuss my answer . 
 a couple of them , devri and mako , seem to agree with me . 
 sartha , who came in just before the grand administrator , keeps stealing looks at vel . 
 she does n't seem engaged by the summit ; the bounty hunter holds most of her attention . 
 sharis says nothing , but i know he 's on our side . 
 there 's a low rumble from the viewing area above , as they register the translation . 
 from what i understand , those observing today 's session would all be high-ranking officials , perhaps aspiring council members . 
 though they do n't have a vote on this issue , they do influence the councilors who represent them . 
 devri signals sharis , letting him know that he has a question . 
 the proceedings are very quiet , almost intimidating in their silence . 
 and maybe that 's the point because they 've managed to intimidate me . 
 maybe it 's a way for them to test my steel . 
 the tall , coppery councilor stands , offering me a quiet gesture of reassurance by briefly cupping his claws together . 
 for the average ithtorian , such silent communication offers as much variety in meaning as the sounds they make . 
 it 's useful that i remember and identify many of the signs . 
 otherwise , i might be in a flat panic by now . 
 `` when you say ` all conglomerate laws that do not contradict cultural mores , ' how much latitude is offered when making that judgment ? '' 
 whew , an easy one . 
 i 'm so glad i do n't have to sweat over this question , especially after the last one . 
 i wait out the translation , pleased to have a ready answer . 
 `` all such determinations are made by the home planet , '' i say immediately . 
 `` the conglomerate is not interested in forcing people to comply with regulations that would irrevocably alter the way people live . 
 this applies to traditions , customs , and religious ceremonies as well . 
 on nicuan , '' i continue , `` some houses still practice ritual sacrifice before a battle-and nicuan is a conglomerate world . 
 it is not the galactic government 's place to regulate a people 's way of life . 
 so as you can see , joining the conglomerate would not necessarily curtail any of your freedoms , only augment the prosperity you currently enjoy . '' 
 `` until you drag us into your wars , '' karom mutters . 
 `` and spread your filthy diseases by wandering around our planet . '' 
 sharis hisses at him . 
 `` you have not been recognized . 
 one more breach of protocol , and you will forfeit your right to remain in attendance at this summit . '' 
 with a low sound in his throat , karom subsides . 
 devri offers me a wa that he holds for more than a count of five , showing very great respect . 
 i return it as he resumes his seat , matching the length of time as precisely as i can manage without looking at a clock . 
 i want the ithtorians who are watching to take note of how thoroughly i have learned their customs . 
 i am not just an ignorant savage . 
 i can do this . 
 i will do this . 
 i must do this . 
 the carnage from emry station flashes into my mind . 
 to the morgut , we 're prey . 
 we do n't speak their language . 
 they have no cause not to treat us as cattle and hunt us to extinction . 
 unless we can show them an alliance with a superior species ... so failure here does n't bear consideration . 
 i brace myself for the next round . 
 satellite 11 . 
 23 . 
 044 . 
 3340 open-thread-the real syndicate . 
 live-bouncing-comments . 
 supremerula : i think it 's ridiculous is what i think . 
 that stupid jax bint acts like we do n't have brains in our heads . 
 shaman2 : you do n't , do ya ? 
 it 's like she said , they never tell us the whole story , do they ? 
 why did we go running after the bugs ? 
 did n't we have any other options ? 
 care-wear : tired of washing your garments ? 
 our products can help ! 
 our self-cleaning textiles offer a wide variety of patterns and colors . 
 we can even stock your wardrober . 
 if you like care-wear , you might also consider opening a franchise ! 
 -lsb- moder-ai : please refrain from advertisements . 
 further comments of this nature will be deleted . -rsb- 
 ninjamonkey4000 : i had a cousin that borrowed money from the syndicate . 
 he could n't pay it back , so they broke his legs and cut off both his ears . 
 i say she 's fulla shite . 
 dreaminator : everything 's all fragged up . 
 i do n't know how we wound up like this , not being able to tell the good guys from bad . 
 darkmistress : ramona shur wuz wearin that dress ! 
 she wuz all , bam and then sum ! 
 neway , i 'm bored . 
 ne1 wan na chat ? 
 bounce me @ ... -lsb- removed by admin -rsb- -lsb- moder-ai : please refrain from sharing personal information on the public satellite channel . -rsb- 
 deep!thinker : i have to agree with a lot of what ramona said . 
 she made good points about cultural relativism , and i had to rethink what i 've heard about the syndicate , based on her remarks . 
 it did make me wonder why we are n't making better use of our own resources . 
 sinna : you 're a jackass , dt . 
 ramona used a few ten-credit words , and she looks good on vid , so suddenly the syndicate is n't the group that kills people who cross them , sells slaves and chem and mary knows what else ? 
 thetruthwillsetufree : if you want the real truth about the syndicate , never mind what lili lightman is peddling , then bounce to -lsb- removed by admin -rsb- -lsb- moder-ai : please refrain from posting outside node information . -rsb- . 
 continue . . 
 next-screen . . 
 live-bouncing-comments . 
 chapter 11 the day passes in an agony of interrogation . 
 karom in particular is relentless . 
 his questions are pointed and nearly impossible to answer without affront . 
 i 'm really starting to hate the bastard . 
 but his thinly veiled antagonism seems to make mako feel more sympathetic toward our cause . 
 i 'm less sure about sartha . 
 she seems more interested in vel than any potential alliance-to the point that i suspect they had some connection before he ran away long ago . 
 karom will definitely vote against us . 
 i can find only one positive in this situation . 
 at least the grand administrator ca n't veto their decision , however much she 'd like to . 
 her languid gestures tell me she 'd love to sink those red-tipped claws in my throat to shut me up for good . 
 the portly councilor tries to trip me up with the riot in the square , but vel already told me what to say . 
 he anticipated they would try to use this against me , so we worked on our angle last night on the way back to the government center . 
 somehow , i manage not to spoil the moment by smiling . 
 `` i needed to retrieve equipment from my ship , esteemed karom , and i did not wish to burden the council , who had already done me so much courtesy . 
 i did not realize danger awaited me anywhere on this world . 
 i had been assured that everything was in readiness for our delegation ... thus such barbaric hostility astonished me , and i greatly regret that i have caused it , though i am uncertain as to how i have given offense to those good ithtorians . '' 
 take that , you stupid bug . 
 mary , i 'm glad they 're not psi , or this would already be over . 
 i can school my words but not my thoughts . 
 my tongue feels like i 've tied it in knots with all the doublespeak , insults layered carefully within tissue-thin civility . 
 vel translates , and i 'm gratified to see karom forced to execute a shamefully deep wa to me . 
 he falls back into his seat on a wave of lost face . 
 the grand administrator herself voices an apology for the behavior of the op . 
 `` you have my regrets , '' she says . 
 `` though we pride ourselves on the ability to articulate our views , we would never choose the manner of expression to be so savage . '' 
 by the time we break for a late-afternoon meal , i feel as though i 've been pulled backward through the engines of a ship . 
 i make sure to observe the courtesies before fleeing for my room . 
 there 's a formal function tonight , and i need to rest up for another long session of being on display . 
 maybe i 'll learn something interesting . 
 constance and vel accompany me back to the housing section . 
 he says , `` you acquitted yourself well , sirantha . 
 devri has been won over completely . '' 
 `` i noticed his gestures , '' i answer with a touch of pride . 
 `` i will call for you tonight , '' he goes on . 
 `` and escort you to the hall . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i 'm going to rest my brain for a while . '' 
 vel inclines his head . 
 `` i have to work . '' 
 `` you always do , '' i murmur . 
 the bounty hunter continues down the hall as constance and i enter my quarters . 
 a wave of weariness assails me , despite the lavish beauty of my surroundings . 
 the pa studies me for a moment , then offers the following opinion : `` it is too bad you can not simply plug into the terminal to recharge . '' 
 she surprises a laugh out of me . 
 `` is n't it ? 
 unfortunately , it 's a bit more complicated for humans . '' 
 `` do you wish to deconstruct the summit at this time ? 
 i recorded the proceedings , as instructed . '' 
 i shake my head tiredly , peeling out of the gold ceremonial robe . 
 `` later , please , constance . 
 i do n't want to think right now . 
 can you check the place for snoopware ? '' 
 `` acknowledged , '' she says . 
 at the verge of crossing out of the sitting area into my bedroom , i pause as something occurs to me . 
 `` do you remember when i asked you for access to all of mair 's partitioned files ? '' 
 `` i remember everything you have ever said in my presence , sirantha jax . '' 
 dumb question , i guess . 
 she probably keeps logs . 
 sometimes , she looks so real , with her silky brown hair and wide dark eyes that i expect human behavior from her instead of recalling she 's still chips and wiring underneath . 
 `` then here 's the million-credit question . 
 did mair leave any notes about march ? '' 
 `` searching . '' 
 her eyes go strange , scanning side to side as if she has turned her gaze inward . 
 i wait . 
 then she focuses on me again . 
 `` seventeen days before her last access to my programming , she uploaded a personal journal to the partitioned files . 
 there are numerous voice references to march . '' 
 i stand frozen . 
 this had been a shot in the dark , nothing i expected to bear fruit . 
 now i ca n't move , afraid to hope there 's something in those files that can help me . 
 i make myself continue into the bedroom to grab my civ clothes . 
 i shimmy into a pair of loose white pants , heart pounding like mad . 
 for a moment , i consider whether i need a sweater . 
 my thin undershirt is enough for hanging around in quarters . 
 the climate control is more than adequate , even if i have n't been able to figure out how to adjust it . 
 there 's also a door in here . 
 if i pass through it , i 'll find march on the other side . 
 before i realized how thoroughly he 'd changed , i thought he might want to be close to me . 
 i meant for him to attend the formal dinner with me tonight , but i do n't know if he wants to . 
 to my disgust , i 'm afraid to open the door that stands between us . 
 instead i spin and head back the way i came . 
 constance is waiting where i left her , ready to resume our conversation . 
 that 's the best thing about droids ; they do n't take your weird behavior personally . 
 of course , they can also be aggravatingly literal and pedantic , but she is n't as bad as most of her brethren . 
 i sprawl on one of the sloping seats that 's half chair , half settee , making myself comfortable before i make the leap . 
 am i crazy for thinking mair can help me from beyond the grave ? 
 maybe . 
 but march is worth it . 
 `` let 's start from the beginning , '' i say . 
 `` play the first journal entry . '' 
 despite forewarning , it gives me a start to hear mair 's voice coming from constance , who is n't moving her mouth . 
 the whiskey-low rasp sounds just as i recall from our brief acquaintance ... before she died to save our lives . 
 talk about creepy . 
 `` tanze brought me an unwelcome surprise this afternoon . 
 instead of hon , she brought a half-mad psi along with the ship . 
 she says she did n't have a choice , but i think she just did n't want to end him . 
 that girl has such a soft spot for brown-eyed boys . '' 
 i smile at hearing march described as a brown-eyed boy . 
 he 'd be boyish only to someone looking at him down a vast age . 
 the old chi-master certainly qualified . 
 i still marvel at the memory of the way she moved that night , running with preternatural speed . 
 i 'd never met a real chi-master before , never believed they could really manipulate their physical energy to perform extraordinary feats . 
 whatever recording device she used picks up a sigh and a shuffle of movement as if she 's pacing . 
 `` it took us half a day to get a name out of him . 
 i do n't have time to mess with this , if everything is going to come together on the projected timetable . 
 but like tanze , i ca n't bear to end him . 
 there 's such fire in this man ... and he might do great things , given half a chance . 
 certainly he 'd be useful , if i can manage to rebuild him . '' 
 it 's interesting she uses that word . 
 rebuild . 
 just what the hell did she do to him ? 
 i wonder at the mental wreckage that accompanied the process . 
 mair goes on , `` dr. solaith finally returned after a long while training off world . 
 for this project , he needed skills we could n't teach him . 
 i 'm just glad one of our people was willing to learn . 
 most men would rather fight than think , but saul has always been different . 
 that commune on saleris '' - she names a high-g world - `` really messed up his head when he was a kid . 
 i think someone would 've killed him long before now if rose had n't been there to stand up for him . '' 
 there 's a long silence and rustling movement before she seems to remember to say , `` that 's all for now . 
 end session . '' 
 `` prying into my past ? '' 
 march asks quietly . 
 i barely manage to restrain a shriek . 
 somehow i make myself shift slowly on the couch and glance at him over my shoulder . 
 how long has he been standing there ? 
 the nape of my neck tingles as i sense him dipping into my thoughts as a fisherman would skim a net across the top of the deep , blue sea . 
 red ice washes over me . 
 that 's how he feels now , just cold , keen anger . 
 i shiver as he withdraws . 
 `` long enough , '' he answers aloud , sitting down beside me . 
 `` if you wanted to know , why did n't you ask ? '' 
 `` two reasons . 
 the last time we talked , you did n't seem receptive to discussion . '' 
 that much is true . 
 `` you were ... angry . '' 
 now there 's an understatement . 
 his flat , dark gaze roves my face , but he will not unnerve me . 
 `` and i do n't think you want to change , so you might lie , hoping to misdirect or dissuade me , but you ca n't stop me from finding out like this . '' 
 `` i could if i killed you . '' 
 in a motion so fast i scarcely register it with my eyes , his big hand encircles my neck . 
 chapter 12 he does n't seem angry ; that 's the strange thing . 
 it 's an almost casual gesture . 
 that 's what scares me most . 
 possibly without the drugs , he would have done it before i even knew he meant to . 
 i realize i do n't know him as well i thought i did . 
 frankly , i 'm surprised to find this much darkness in march . 
 somehow i always thought he exaggerated his wickedness out of some misguided need for expiation . 
 but he was n't kidding . 
 he 's a killer , through and through . 
 i turn my face up , exposing my throat completely . 
 constance asks , `` shall i summon assistance , sirantha jax ? '' 
 if i could , i 'd shake my head . 
 since i ca n't , i answer , `` i do n't want negative attention . 
 we spun the riot , but we might not be so lucky a second time . '' 
 especially not if it 's tied to march , who escalated the violence . 
 march watches my face as if he does n't understand why i have n't panicked . 
 my heart thumps in my chest like a wild thing , but deep down , i ca n't believe he 'll hurt me . 
 maybe i 'm crazy ; maybe in a few seconds , he 'll tighten his grip and crush my windpipe . 
 right now all i can see is him cradling me in his lap and promising he 'll always come for me . 
 i see him holding me up in a cold , wet alien jungle , muddy water washing over our boots . 
 i see him kneeling in a primitive hut and sharing my wonder over the baby mareq . 
 i see him setting off to try to save those weaker on hon 's station . 
 i see him folding the cheap faux-ruby ring he bought for his sister into my fingers and promising to return to me . 
 he should be able to feel the golden chain on which i wear that ring . 
 so i hold his gaze and wait for him to notice . 
 instead of tightening , his fingers splay wide , investigating the fine , woven-metal threads that suspend his token between my br ** sts . 
 he slides his hand down far enough to lift it , then his dark gaze meets mine , tinged with incredulity . 
 cold shivers through me like an ice storm , signaling his presence . 
 i do n't know how he stands the emotional chill all the time . 
 these brief touches from him make me want to bundle up , and goose bumps prickle to life , further texturing my scarred arms . 
 i sense him brushing the memories i 've called up . 
 his long fingers curl around the ring , drawing me closer by virtue of tugging on the chain . 
 i do n't try to resist , so our brows nearly kiss , just a whisper between us . 
 `` you 're still wearing it ? '' 
 `` you promised to get me something better , '' i say quietly . 
 `` remember ? '' 
 `` so if i buy you some expensive jewelry , you 'll let me go ? '' 
 why does his tone sound so desperate , so haunted ? 
 is it possible i 'm getting through to him in ways i do n't understand ? 
 i do n't know how i feel to him . 
 i do n't know how it affects him when he touches his mind to mine . 
 surely my emotion must spark some kind of reaction . 
 i make my answer slow and deliberate . 
 `` i will never let you go . 
 i 'll never give up on you . 
 but you can buy me presents if you really want to . '' 
 `` you 're not afraid of me ? '' 
 an icy brush , as if he seeks to test whether i 'll lie . 
 `` a little , '' i admit . 
 `` but i 'm more afraid for you . '' 
 i 've never lied to him-and he claims that 's why he fell in love with me in the first place . 
 i 'm certainly not about to start now , when it would destroy this very nascent accord . 
 the olive branch between us wo n't bear the weight of a lie . 
 so he can verify the honesty of that for himself . 
 a shudder rocks through him as he does . 
 `` if you can bear it , '' he whispers finally , `` i 'd like to come in , stay for a while . 
 feel how we used to be . '' 
 he wants to poke through my memories and feelings , see if it stimulates an echo . 
 i can live with that , even knowing he does n't feel what i do . 
 there will be no warm resonance , reinforcing his love for me . 
 he does n't feel that for me anymore . 
 i should be heartbroken ; i would be if i believed it was gone forever . 
 or maybe i 'd just square my shoulders and make him fall in love with me all over again . 
 he 's mine . 
 a deep breath fortifies me for the imminent ordeal . 
 from the last time we did this , i know it 'll be painful , but maybe he suffers something like mental hypothermia . 
 maybe i can warm him up inside by millimeters , even if it chills me to the bone . 
 `` are you kidding ? '' 
 i manage a smile . 
 `` i want you inside me . 
 i miss you . '' 
 though he does n't need touch to join with me , i sense it happening as he leans his forehead against mine . 
 maybe it 's a sign of trying to meet me halfway because i know he does n't like being touched anymore , not even by me . 
 the warmth of his skin belies the blizzard within . 
 so . 
 cold . 
 at first , i ca n't feel anything but the barren , blasted ice . 
 this is like walking nak * d across the teresengi basin , and it 's all i can do not to recoil from the man making me suffer this . 
 i fight to remember why we 're doing this . 
 bracing myself , i wait to gain some equilibrium . 
 it 's not all him ; i should be in here somewhere , and this is n't my emotional climate . 
 as if from a long distance , i feel my teeth start to chatter . 
 someone-probably constance-wraps a blanket around the two of us . 
 i do n't know if that will help , but i appreciate the gesture though i lack the wherewithal to respond . 
 her footsteps trail away . 
 apparently she 's programmed to know when to provide privacy . 
 i appreciate that , too . 
 just when i think i ca n't abide any more ice spiking into my brain to be translated as pain , the atmosphere shifts . 
 the chill tapers off , becoming more bearable . 
 and i feel march touching what i feel for him . 
 he 's tentative . 
 he almost seems frightened , like my mind is a jewel box , and he 's a child afraid of touching precious things he might break . 
 but i do n't try to stop him . 
 warmth suffuses me as he focuses on my memory of the first time we made love . 
 first it 's filtered through my perceptions , then it spins . 
 i see myself through his eyes as he comes down to me . 
 i 'm smiling up at him , all wild inky hair and eyes pale as moon-silvered ice . 
 march sees me as pure beauty , distilled to its essence , nothing more needed or required . 
 and he wants me in this captured moment-so much he aches with it . 
 he remembers the ache . 
 i still feel it , even if he does n't . 
 i 'll always want him . 
 until every sun goes dark in every sky , until i am nothing more than long-forgotten cosmic dust , i will want him . 
 and even then i suspect my particles will long for his . 
 between us , the mood shifts , heating by infinitesimal degrees . 
 blindly , still lost in the memory , i seek his mouth . 
 will he permit a kiss ? 
 he does . 
 i sense a shiver rolling through him like distant thunder heralds a violent storm . 
 his stubble scrapes the tender skin of my cheek as his lips take mine . 
 his arms come around me , solid and sure . 
 march pulls me across his lap , and we tangle in the blanket constance wrapped around us . 
 i fall against his chest , tasting the rough skin beside his mouth . 
 it seems like forever since i 've touched him , since he 's let me . 
 i do n't open my eyes . 
 i 'm afraid if i do , i 'll wake alone , my fingers stealing across a narrow bed where i dream alone . 
 `` i want you , '' he whispers , as if it 's miraculous . 
 i tend to agree . 
 `` not the nearest warm body , not a biological urge . 
 you . '' 
 i do n't care if he 's just remembering how much he wanted me . 
 i do n't care if it 's echoed feeling instead of a spontaneous one . 
 anything is better than complete detachment . 
 mary , i want him back . 
 i shift a little on his lap , smiling . 
 `` i 'd already figured that out . '' 
 it 's progress . 
 i 'll take what i can get . 
 `` i 'm guessing it did n't go this way with mair . '' 
 i startle a laugh out of him , the first since he 's been back . 
 `` hardly . 
 she was a little old for me , even when i first met her . '' 
 `` good to know i do n't need to be jealous of her , '' i joke , thinking of mair 's irritatingly gorgeous granddaughter , keri . 
 `` you should n't be jealous of keri , either , '' he answers , just like he used to . 
 i 'd forgotten how much i loved having him answer my unspoken thoughts . 
 `` she married lex just before i left lachion . 
 i gave her away . '' 
 `` good for her , '' i murmur . 
 mary , such euphoric relief ca n't be right . 
 i 'm not that insecure , am i ? 
 seems i am . 
 because i 've seldom been happier to hear of a wedding i did n't attend . 
 we can do this . 
 i 'll fight for him . 
 it might not be clean or pretty or by the book , but i can be damn stubborn . 
 i exhale slowly , nuzzling my face against his throat . 
 to my delight , he permits it , arms still fast around my back . 
 then his hands slowly slide down to my hips , repositioning me on his lap . 
 `` did you not hear me the first time ? '' 
 he bites gently on the side of my neck . 
 `` i want you . '' 
 i offer a sweet smile . 
 `` and you 'll have me . 
 in time . '' 
 good thing the drugs keep him relatively even-tempered , or i 'd probably find myself facedown on the floor . 
 i do n't kid myself that march is cured . 
 we 've just made a little progress , and his first impulse is still to take what he wants . 
 `` what 're you talking about , woman ? '' 
 `` it has occurred to me , '' i say softly , `` that your physical needs may be linked to your emotional ones . 
 maybe we can use your sex drive to reconnect the two . '' 
 i do n't kid myself . 
 this plan will run on his endurance , and his patience may not withstand the effort . 
 i may wind up with an infuriated killing machine who does n't know whether he wants to take me on the floor like an animal or snap my neck . 
 but what the hell , i feel lucky . 
 `` so you 're going to tease me until i become the man you fell in love with again ? '' 
 he fairly growls the question . 
 i wince . 
 `` in essence . '' 
 `` there are no words for how much i hate this idea . '' 
 chapter 13 march leaves shortly thereafter . 
 maybe he can only take so much ; i do n't know for sure that 's what it is , but i decide not to press my luck . 
 he actually brushes a kiss against my temple as he goes . 
 that was purely voluntary ; he did n't have to . 
 i do n't quite dare hope that he wanted to . 
 constance glides back into the room when she 's sure that he 's gone . 
 if she were a real female friend like dina , she would want to talk about what just happened . 
 since she 's a droid , she 's more interested in deconstructing the session from earlier . 
 so we do . 
 according to her logs , things went well , but i could 've done better . 
 she points out all the weaknesses in my performance , making note of where i need improvement . 
 `` you need to be careful not to antagonize councilor karom . 
 by the best of my calculations , he does not like you and will be working actively to entrap you . 
 he will be very pleased if you bring shame upon this delegation as it will prove his point about the general unworthiness of humanity . '' 
 `` what do you think about humanity ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she regards me as if my question is unexpected . 
 `` i find it ... irregular . '' 
 i give a half smile . 
 `` in what way ? '' 
 `` in every way . 
 most of you are very illogical , but i find your loyalty to one another admirable . '' 
 `` well , that 's good , i guess . 
 anything else ? '' 
 `` i also find it curious the way you ... '' she pauses , seeking a word . 
 `` bond . '' 
 that requires a little thought , then i realize she has to be talking about what happened between march and me . 
 so she 's not entirely different from a human friend . 
 she just waited for me to bring it up first . 
 but i ask for clarification just in case i 'm humanizing her in a way that does n't fit . 
 she could be talking about friendship . 
 `` you mean the way i feel about march ? '' 
 constance inclines her head . 
 `` it is very strange that you were willing to allow him the opportunity to inflict physical harm . 
 he is stronger than you . 
 i do not understand why you would not simply pick another suitable mate if this one is damaged to the point of being difficult to manage . '' 
 i laugh sharply at the description . 
 `` he was always difficult to manage . 
 this is just a different manifestation of it . '' 
 she looks puzzled as only a droid can . 
 `` i see . '' 
 clearly she does n't . 
 i decide to get things back on track . 
 `` what else should i note for tonight 's festivities ? '' 
 `` you are doing very well with body language . 
 keep it minimal . 
 avoid excessive hand gesturing . 
 avoid showing your teeth while you eat . '' 
 `` so i need to watch my behavior across the board then . '' 
 i 'm sure she thinks she 's being helpful , but i already knew that . 
 she goes on , `` you may wish to pay particular attention to devri . 
 his physiological readings , if i have analyzed them correctly , indicate a certain excitement in your presence . 
 i have insufficient data to determine whether his interest is sexual . '' 
 now that surprises the shit out of me . 
 being attracted to soft-skins would certainly be considered a kink among ithtorians , if not an outright perversion . 
 i ca n't imagine such a misalliance being accepted . 
 `` it might just be enthusiasm for the potential alliance , '' i offer . 
 `` possible , '' she acknowledges . 
 `` i would need to scan an ithtorian male who is ready to mate before i could determine the meaning of the elevated heat levels i noted in councilor devri 's anatomy while you were speaking . '' 
 heh . 
 i do n't see us being offered that opportunity , no matter how hospitable the ithtorians seem . 
 then something else occurs to me . 
 `` did you notice similar elevations in any other ithtorians ? '' 
 `` searching . '' 
 she scans her records for me . 
 `` yes . 
 councilor sartha also exhibited similar hot points , but you were not the target of her scrutiny . '' 
 `` who was ? '' 
 but i already know . 
 `` velith il-nok . '' 
 i shake my head and sigh . 
 it 's gon na be a hell of a party . 
 this trip is way more of a minefield than i expected . 
 tarn made me think that the ithtorians were as eager for this alliance as we are , particularly those of us who have seen the carnage that the morgut leave at isolated outposts . 
 instead , i 'm fighting for their good opinion , swimming against the tide . 
 speaking of tarn , i should check and see if he 's replied to the message i bounced to him earlier . 
 i swore after all the trouble we had getting here that i would n't play fast and loose , that i 'd do this by the book . 
 and that means keeping in touch . 
 when constance finishes with her review , i head for the terminal and input my pass codes . 
 the screen flashes a welcome at me , loading my user profile . 
 because my correspondence has a certain security clearance , i 'm asked for a scan , so i lean in and feel a slight tingle as the thin green beam sweeps across my face . 
 `` sirantha jax , confirmed , '' the machine tells me . 
 `` would you like to see your messages ? '' 
 `` please . '' 
 i never can seem to break the habit of saying `` please '' to machines . 
 if you knew constance , you might even understand . 
 suni tarn 's face comes on-screen immediately . 
 the new terran chancellor is a big man with disheveled salt-and-pepper hair , but he offers me a pleased , politician 's smile . 
 behind him is a blue backdrop emblazoned with the conglomerate 's symbol , a stylized sun crowned with a laurel wreath . 
 this is an official communique then . 
 `` i 'm glad to hear you 're taking this task seriously , ms. jax . 
 after the road you took getting there , i must admit i was a bit worried . '' 
 he gives a nervous laugh and continues , `` this message has been scrambled and encrypted so i think it unlikely anyone but you will ever hear this . 
 i have to risk a possible breach in the hope of conveying to you the weight of the responsibility with which you have been entrusted . 
 perhaps i erred in not doing so before you left . '' 
 shit . 
 i have the feeling i 'm not going to like what 's coming . 
 tarn runs his hand through his already untidy hair , as if trying to think how to frame what he wants to say . 
 `` but the fact is , we need this alliance desperately . 
 in the outskirts , our fleet has been attacked by farwan loyalists '' - i 'm surprised to hear that anyone would be loyal to farwan , after the fascist way the corporation governed , but some people resist change , even when it makes no sense - `` independent raiders , syndicate pirates , and as if that 's not bad enough , the morgut are growing bolder . 
 we 've taken more losses since emry station , three more outposts annihilated . 
 we seized all assets from farwan that we could find , including many of their ships , but they have hidden resources , and they 're reorganizing . '' 
 double shit . 
 that 's the last thing i want to hear . 
 but it makes sense that the highest executives-the ones with all the money and power-wouldn ' t just tamely roll over and head for prison voluntarily . 
 no , the smart ones would have dug in and shed their outer skins while never changing their natures . 
 farwan stepped in after the axis wars , quietly offering to negotiate as a new party . 
 they established treaties and trade agreements and took control by millimeters ; by the time the devastated conglomerate realized what had happened , their control had been reduced to that of a toothless diplomatic organization . 
 farwan wo n't roll over quietly , and now they 're looking for a new way to seize control , changing the names but not the players . 
 the conglomerate is the best hope to prevent that from happening . 
 at this point , though , it does n't look good . 
 they have too many enemies and too little practical experience in doing anything other than talking about problems in an endless committee . 
 my stomach feels queer and tight . 
 the chancellor looks exhausted as he leans in , new lines bracketing his mouth . 
 i wonder what the hell has been going on since we 've been gone . 
 how many ships have we lost ? 
 are we fighting a quiet war-i start counting enemies-on four fronts ? 
 `` if we do n't sign the ithtorians , who have never agreed to any treaties , as a symbol of our capability and power , well ... '' his voice grows grave and heavy . 
 `` i do n't know what will happen . '' 
 he leaves the rest unspoken ; he does n't need to spell it out for me . 
 `` i wanted to be sure you understand the gravity of the situation . 
 thank you , ms. jax . 
 keep me posted . 
 tarn out . '' 
 like anybody else , i 've seen vids in the aftermath of the axis wars . 
 i know how ambassador fitzwilliam gravely insulted the rodeisian empress and how she sent ships to sack every human colony she could find in retaliation . 
 axis v was the beginning ; i saw the piles of burnt bodies and children with flies on their eyes . 
 mother mary of anabolic grace . 
 i 'm not really the praying kind , but i find my mouth moving in the old , sacred words . 
 adele , a woman who became like a surrogate mother to me in the time i lived on gehenna , would be proud . 
 she taught me everything i know about spirituality , which does n't amount to much . 
 what i do know is this-i do n't want to be the one who brings down the second wave of destruction upon our heads . 
 we 're just starting to recover-both humanity and the rodeisians . 
 we 're just starting to relate to each other without prejudice and hatred . 
 i wo n't do the same thing here . 
 i wo n't . 
 my arms wind around me , and i start to rock before the blank terminal screen . 
 between the stress of securing the alliance , my fear for march , and my subsumed need to jump , i feel like i 'm coming apart at the seams . 
 `` are you well ? '' 
 constance inquires . 
 `` no , '' i tell her shakily . 
 `` i 'm beginning to think i 'm totally fragged . '' 
 chapter 14 i have a couple of hours to pull myself together . 
 by the time i take one last look at myself in the mirror , i decide i 'm as ready as i 'll ever be . 
 i 'm wearing a different gold robe this time . 
 this one has a delicate imprint of leaves embossed on the fabric , but you can only discern the pattern when the light ripples across the luxurious silken folds . 
 the lines are simple , flowing , and leave my arms bare . 
 constance has tightened up the split-twist on the back of my head . 
 the final preparation comes when i outline my eyes in gold and paint my lips a cherry red . 
 from taking note of ithtorian markings , i 'm positive that yellow and red denote the highest status in their society . 
 i look good , i think . 
 i wonder if i need to worry about declining devri 's advances politely . 
 when i decided he was the handsome one , i never expected him to respond in kind . 
 constance regards me doubtfully . 
 `` are you sure you wish to wear that lipstick , sirantha jax ? '' 
 i frown . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` i have been researching the meaning of the grand administrator 's red claws , '' she tells me . 
 `` and it seems that she is adorned as a symbol of her ability to protect her people . 
 the red claws are symbolic of her rending prey . '' 
 i follow that to its logical conclusion . 
 `` so by painting my mouth red , i 'm boasting of my capacity to take prey down with my teeth ? '' 
 `` i believe so . 
 i do not know whether such a claim would be considered a bold , admirable move , or a savage , barbaric one . '' 
 `` both , '' vel answers , as he comes into my quarters unannounced . 
 `` you need not wipe it off . 
 it will impress some and confound others . 
 as it is , at base , an assertion of strength , it will insult none . '' 
 `` good to know . '' 
 `` you need only one thing more . '' 
 vel heads for my cosmetic kit and taps a few buttons . 
 he looks even more nak * d now that i know he should wear colors on his thorax . 
 the process is intriguing , akin to the primitive art of tattooing . 
 they use a mild acid wash to roughen the smooth carapace , which is then treated with specially formulated ink that bonds with the damaged surface , imbuing a permanent status symbol . 
 if the marked individual fails to honor his or her new rank , the color must be sanded away , leaving an irremediable scar . 
 since we arrived , i 've only seen two ithtorians so penalized , and they were broken things , scurrying like slaves . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 i ask belatedly . 
 `` something to cover your smell . '' 
 i start to take offense and protest that i 've just showered , but that would be counterproductive . 
 maybe i do stink to him . 
 i wish he 'd mentioned it sooner , though . 
 now i 'll sniff self-consciously anytime he comes close . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i mutter . 
 `` i am used to you , '' vel tells me . 
 `` the others are not . '' 
 i imagine he 's being gentle . 
 the perfume he synthesized is so subtle i can barely detect it , but the human nose is one of our least powerful assets . 
 as a species , we 're far more audiovisual . 
 as he daubs me with the oil , i detect traces of mimosa and something sweet , but i can not pin it down . 
 `` mimosa , jasmine , green leaves , and mandarin , '' he tells me , as if he can read the curiosity in my face . 
 does vel know me that well ? 
 i smile . 
 `` i can scarcely tell a difference . '' 
 `` you would not , '' he agrees . 
 `` my people can communicate with pheromones , so our olfactory sense is more refined . 
 such conversation is not deemed suitable for formal occasions , however . 
 it is a much more ... intimate mode of expression . '' 
 since he 's being so delicate about it , i decide he must mean as a prelude to mating . 
 i glance at constance . 
 `` so how do i smell ? '' 
 `` with your nose . '' 
 by her expression , i ca n't tell if she just made a joke . 
 i laugh nonetheless . 
 when we step into the hall , i 'm amazed to find march , jael , hit , and dina waiting . 
 they 're all garbed in black , trimmed with gold , and they seem to be ready to play honor guard , just like those who make up the grand administrator 's retinue . 
 they fall in by twos , flashing me conspiratorial smiles . 
 `` they wo n't let us attend the political stuff , '' jael says with a roguish grin , `` but they ca n't keep us away from the parties . 
 we watched the verbal sparring for a little while this afternoon , but it was bloody boring . '' 
 `` you did well , though , '' dina says . 
 from her , that 's a huge compliment . 
 `` at least from what i could tell via vel 's translations . 
 you really stuck it to karom . '' 
 hit grins . 
 `` i thought he was going to burst wide open when she made him bow . '' 
 `` yeah , there was serious loss of face involved . 
 i hope he does n't try to have me killed . '' 
 i glance at vel . 
 `` he would n't do that ... would he ? '' 
 vel regards me for a moment before answering , `` not openly . '' 
 while i 'm thinking about the implications of that , march lends his arm to dina , and jael pairs off with hit . 
 that leaves vel and constance walking directly behind me , as i set off toward the hall . 
 i feel weirdly like the queen of this procession , but i keep my steps measured in case they 're watching us . 
 maybe my paranoia will help instead of hurt us here . 
 i try not to think about tarn 's message or how much is riding on me . 
 high-ranking officials have been invited to meet us in a social setting , and i hope my crash course has been sufficient to avoid giving offense tonight . 
 it 's understood that my `` guards '' will not have received the same training , so allowances will be made for them . 
 they 're only ignorant humans , after all . 
 but i 'm supposed to be the best humanity has to offer . 
 if everyone was n't watching me , i would snort over that . 
 i pause at the top of the stairs , tucking my arms tight to my body and executing a courteous wa . 
 counting , i hold the pose for five seconds , offering honor to those studying my movements . 
 the room is a marvel by human standards . 
 on the floor , they 've grown that thick , sweet-smelling carpet of foliage , and the walls are hollow honeycomb , covered with the leaves that they use in so many different aspects of their bioarchitecture . 
 free-climbing vines bloom as they wind around the top of the ceiling , offering flashes of color in red and yellow . 
 this time , as i descend into the gathering , clicks and chitters resolve into more than noise . 
 it 's both welcome and unnerving at the same time . 
 i have to school my expression to blankness when the meanings assigned to sounds flash through my brain . 
 `` look at her mouth ... scandalous . 
 does she think herself a hunter ? 
 pure presumption , she has no claws at all . '' 
 serving-class bugs circulate among us with crystal salvers full of unidentifiable tidbits . 
 the sauces help further conceal what we might be eating . 
 ever brave , dina snags something with a tail off one of the platters and pops it into her mouth . 
 she makes a face . 
 `` it 's better if you do n't chew . '' 
 i pass the cluster of ithtorians who seem fixated on my mouth , and listen to another snatch of conversation . 
 `` i never thought i would see soft-skins walking among us . 
 are we going to invite them to our homes next ? 
 disgusting . 
 sharis has gone mad . '' 
 `` well , at least they have some idea how to behave themselves . 
 the last ship that docked here was full of uncouth savages . '' 
 the last ship was two hundred turns ago ; humanity has made a few strides since then . 
 but i 'm not supposed to understand them . 
 so i keep myself from reacting . 
 i reflect that maybe i was better off not knowing-it does n't look like i 'll enjoy this party much . 
 `` and the smell , '' another agrees . 
 `` wretched . '' 
 `` their flesh is constantly rotting off them , '' one says . 
 `` did you know that ? 
 they leave little crumbs of dead skin everywhere they go . '' 
 claws click in shocked agitation . 
 i study their owner , a tall ithtorian with pale green stripes on his thorax . 
 `` that is revolting . '' 
 afterward , i realize i 've learned to tell the genders apart by the barbs and slits low on their abdomens . 
 they make no attempt to cover their sexual organs , and males are mirrors of the female , everything on opposite sides to allow latching-on for the exchange of genetic material . 
 from what vel told me , it 's not a pleasurable enterprise so much as a practical one . 
 his people do n't have sex for fun , not when the female still occasionally loses her mind and tears off her partner 's head while in the throes of mating madness . 
 `` this one does not stink , '' a young-looking female dares to say . 
 `` in fact , she smells almost ... agreeable . '' 
 thanks , vel . 
 i never thought my personal hygiene would be a subject for discussion at a diplomatic function . 
 my detractors do n't have a lot to say to that , so the conversation shifts focus . 
 `` i will concede that they are not as horrible as i recall . '' 
 shifting to identify this new speaker , i 'm surprised to see councilor sartha . 
 `` but i do wonder why velith il-nok chooses to spend his life among a lesser species . '' 
 beside me , vel can not help but respond to this , as it 's a pointed observation within his hearing . 
 `` i was not content with the known , '' he tells her . 
 `` i wanted more . 
 that makes me anathema , i am aware . '' 
 `` not to me . '' 
 her wide , faceted eyes shimmer . 
 `` i would never have hurt you , no matter the stimulus . 
 did you not believe that ? '' 
 the arrival of councilor sharis forestalls whatever vel might have said . 
 chapter 15 `` welcome , '' sharis says . 
 if he could smile , i 'm sure he would , just to make me feel more at home , no matter what his people think about the baring of teeth . 
 his wa reflects his great desire to do me honor . 
 for whatever reason , he strongly favors the alliance . 
 unfortunately , most ithtorians seem to be arrayed against us , and they may sway the vote . 
 by necessity , vel translates , though i think we 're both tired of the pretense , and it 's only the first day since i got the implant . 
 `` thank you , '' i answer , returning the courtesy . 
 `` this place is marvelous . '' 
 through vel , we exchange a good five minutes of small talk , paying each other compliments . 
 i find it tiresome in the extreme . 
 if it were up to me , i would ask them to call a vote already and just end this before something terrible happens . 
 i can almost feel it creeping up on me , despite my best intentions . 
 it 's the rush of grimspace in my veins-the chaos that ripples through my dna . 
 thanks , ramona . 
 but the ithtorians want ample time to interact with us before they open their homeworld to more human vessels . 
 they want to test and study us before they give us access to their technologies . 
 i can understand their caution , but under the circumstances , it frustrates me . 
 for all they care , the rest of the galaxy can go frag itself . 
 they do n't mind if every other planet in the system implodes , as long as the debris does n't clog their view of their undoubtedly beautiful cloud-studded sky . 
 i 'll have to do some fancy stepping to change their minds . 
 hours pass while i do my duty , circulating with sharis with vel at my side . 
 march keeps himself leashed . 
 he does n't even growl , so i think we can conclude that meds are working . 
 otherwise , we 'd probably already have had our first violent confrontation when a bug deliberately stepped into his path , forcing him to bow and step aside . 
 whatever the colors on his thorax , the ithtorian is lucky march did n't twist off his head and shove it down his neck hole . 
 i do n't think anyone is having a great time . 
 my people are busy pretending to be my honor guard . 
 vel is trapped between his duty to translate for me and the imploring glances that sartha keeps sending his way . 
 even with my rudimentary ability to read bug body language , i can tell she 's desperate for a moment alone with him . 
 i can relate , except i 'd settle for being alone , period . 
 `` it 's all right , '' i say . 
 `` go talk to her . 
 i could use a moment anyway . '' 
 he studies me briefly , then inclines his head . 
 `` i will be right back . '' 
 `` vel ... '' he pauses , glancing back at me . 
 `` yes , sirantha ? '' 
 `` what was she to you ? '' 
 i 'm glad he does n't pretend not to understand . 
 `` we were to be partners , '' he says . 
 `` her mother and my mother arranged a most beneficial alliance for both our families . '' 
 `` you did n't want that ? '' 
 `` i was afraid of that , '' he answers inexplicably . 
 then he sets off to talk to the female who has been eating him with her eyes for the last hour . 
 maybe that 's why he ran ; he was afraid she 'd do it literally , too . 
 i think there 's more to it , though . 
 when i get time , i 'll try to coax it out of him . 
 before anyone else can move in , i slip off toward a niche i noticed earlier . 
 it has a couple of things i 'd call leafy benches , and i intend to make use of one of them . 
 my crew starts to follow me , but i wave them off . 
 `` they 'll think it 's strange if we all disappear . 
 can you guys hold the fort ? 
 i just need a minute . '' 
 my bodyguard regards me with icy eyes . 
 `` not a chance . 
 i stick to you like glue . '' 
 but for jael , they let me go without protest . 
 inexplicably , dina has taken a liking to the food , so she and hit set off in search of some more of those tailed things . 
 in the old days , march would n't have ever let me walk away from him . 
 right now , i 'm glad of the space , even as i miss him . 
 i give a relieved little sigh as we leave the main hall . 
 the nook i discovered earlier seems to be a retiring room . 
 sinking onto the flat seats , i imagine i feel the leaves shifting to accommodate me , according to the spread of my weight . 
 the warmth feels good , delicately inching up toward my spine . 
 jael stands beside me , quietly watchful . 
 i 'm glad he does n't feel the need to talk all the time . 
 for a few moments , i just rest and try to relax . 
 surely we can leave soon without giving offense . 
 i have to wonder how long it will take , how many of these functions i 'll be required to attend before the alliance is put to the council for official approval . 
 the wall behind me is soft with yellow blossoms . 
 when i lean against them , crushing the fragile-veined petals against my gold robe , a delicate perfume surrounds me . 
 it 's so soothing i fancy that 's what this room is for-rest and rejuvenation , aromatherapy . 
 footsteps sound . 
 they seem to be approaching my location . 
 shit . 
 someone 's found me . 
 i start to get up , and then someone joins the first party just beyond my location . 
 from where i sit tucked in the corner , i ca n't easily be seen from outside . 
 the sounds of their conversation slowly crystallize into words , thanks to the translation unit . 
 `` did anyone see you slip away ? '' 
 `` i do not believe so . '' 
 there 's a pause . 
 i assume they 're scanning the area . 
 my pulse thuds wildly . 
 if they find me here , it does n't mean anything . 
 they do n't know i understand . 
 so i make myself sit still . 
 maybe i 'll learn something . 
 i just wish i could recognize the speakers , based on how they sound , but that 's far beyond my primitive skills . 
 `` i do not like the way things are going , '' the first one says . 
 `` we need to take steps , '' the other agrees . 
 `` she humiliated you in the summit . '' 
 karom . 
 the second of these ithtorians is councilor karom . 
 a chill ripples over me . 
 i try not to breathe , afraid something i ate will waft to them on the wind . 
 `` i will take care of her . '' 
 what does that mean exactly ? 
 somehow , i doubt karom intends to make provision for me in his will . 
 i do n't know how far i can trust this translation to be accurate , allow for subtleties , nuance , and inflection . 
 `` sooner rather than later , '' the other says . 
 `` the alliance can not be permitted to go forward . 
 it dishonors our ancestors . '' 
 `` do not fear , '' karom replies . 
 `` it will be done in two days . '' 
 what 's `` it '' ? 
 maybe i make a small sound . 
 to my horror , the two ithtorians rush into the nook where i sit , back to the flowering wall . 
 blank face , i tell myself . 
 blank face . 
 i try to make myself look stupid as a herd animal , eyes wide and empty . 
 at seeing them , i offer an abbreviated bow , arms to my chest , but i do n't rise . 
 with a languid gesture , i indicate my appreciation for the flowers . 
 they exchange a look . 
 then the taller one , who i do n't recognize , but judging by the colors on his thorax , he 's important , says , `` she is no threat to us . 
 we do not need to accelerate our plans . '' 
 karom agrees , `` her dog is not here to translate . 
 she only has this worthless soft-skin for protection . 
 but we may wish to take more care in the future . 
 this would have been disastrous if velith had been with her . '' 
 i get the sense that the insult he used is much worse and not analogous to dog , but that was the best approximation my chip could offer . 
 instinct tells me it 's a bad idea to linger here with them , now they know i 'm here , so i get to my feet and offer a low , respectful wa . 
 i brush past , seeking the crowd i 'd fled not too long ago . 
 jael follows along behind me . 
 my relief when i spot march is profound . 
 i go to him without hesitation , and to my delight , i feel a little tingle on the nape of my neck . 
 he 's skimming my thoughts , just like he used to . 
 shock stiffens his spine . 
 you got yourself chipped without telling them ? 
 ah , shit . 
 now there 's the downside of our relationship . 
 it 's impossible to keep secrets from him . 
 but then he goes a little further , skimming the gist of what just happened . 
 i can tell by the set of his shoulders he 'd like to solve this problem with his fists-or maybe a knife in somebody 's eye . 
 that , too , is progress . 
 he wants to fight for me , not snap my neck with his hands . 
 i shake my head slowly , wordless . 
 not here . 
 not now . 
 we 'll talk later . 
 did he get that ? 
 march exhales slowly and nods . 
 the discussion has n't been averted , just postponed . 
 i 'm grateful the meds keep him from breaking heads the way he wants to . 
 we need to think and plan , not react impulsively . 
 too much rests on this alliance for me to do anything rash that might jeopardize it . 
 i know ; it 's crazy for me to be the voice of reason , the prudent one , but that 's the hat i 'm wearing right now , and let me tell you , it 's tight across the brim . 
 omni news net : street poll `` hello , i 'm kevin cavanaugh from omni news net . 
 i 'm here on perlas station , where sirantha jax made her escape , thus beginning farwan 's downfall . '' 
 he turns to a passerby . 
 `` do you have a minute to answer a few questions ? '' 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 the girl smiles at the vid . 
 behind her , the promenade flashes in garish hues , advertising a wide variety of goods and services , most of them formerly illegal on this station . 
 `` what 's your name , miss ? '' 
 `` kelindra . 
 with a k. '' `` what do you think of sirantha jax representing your interests on ithiss-tor ? '' 
 `` well , it 's a bit of a joke , is n't it ? '' 
 `` in what way ? '' 
 `` what kind of training has she had ? '' 
 the girl demands . 
 `` they may as well have sent me . 
 i saw her for years , showing her tits on the midnight bounce . 
 table dancing , amateur soft-porn vids , drunk-and-disorderly conduct , barroom brawls ... how does any of that qualify her to be an ambassador ? 
 it 's damn near the dumbest thing i 've ever heard . '' 
 `` so you do n't think much of her chances then ? '' 
 `` we 'll be lucky if she does n't start another war . '' 
 `` are you worried about your safety here on perlas ? '' 
 the reporter asks . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` not a bit . 
 this place is more secure than ever , thanks to jax . '' 
 `` how so ? '' 
 `` she got farwan out of here , so the syndicate could move in . 
 they now manage and operate more than half the businesses on station . 
 things are much more efficient these days , and there 's very little crime . '' 
 from off vid , someone mutters , `` that 's because everything is legal . '' 
 `` so you 're pro-syndicate ? '' 
 `` i work for them , yes . 
 they 're fair , unless you owe them money . '' 
 `` so you advise against taking out loans from syndicate offices ? '' 
 `` well , they 're not a bank , are they ? 
 it stands to reason they require different terms . 
 but no , i do n't recommend borrowing from them . 
 in terms of products and services , however , they offer excellent value . 
 good manpower solutions as well . '' 
 `` what do you think of the proposed initiative to outsource conglomerate military and defensive contracts to the syndicate ? '' 
 `` they 'd make a good job of it . 
 they know how to teach a lesson so that people do n't forget it . 
 one strike from the syndicate would make our enemies think twice . '' 
 `` you 're not concerned the syndicate would evolve into another farwan ? '' 
 `` realistically , it 's a risk , i suppose , but in this day and age , you almost have to choose between freedom , which can devolve into chaos , and security , which can become a pair of shackles . 
 but at least the syndicate does n't attempt to censor the flow of information . '' 
 `` thanks for your time , kelindra . 
 i 'm kevin cavanaugh and this random street poll bounces live from perlas station , where you can already see the winds of change sweeping across the galaxy . 
 thanks for watching , and keep reaching for the stars . '' 
 chapter 16 `` it 's time to go , '' march says . 
 he is n't brooking any argument , so i make my wa to sharis , allowing him to make our excuses . 
 we 've been here for hours , so nobody can be offended that we 're leaving . 
 even if i was n't worried , i 'm also exhausted and ... my feet hurt . 
 i did n't see devri or mako tonight . 
 i 'm not sure what to make of that . 
 sartha and karom both attended , but the grand administrator did n't . 
 i guess she had something better to do . 
 it was , all told , an odd occasion . 
 with march in captain mode , we round up the rest of our people and head for quarters quickly . 
 in the morning , i have another summit , this time meeting with the captains of industry . 
 the ithtorians who own controlling interest in the mines are particularly interested in this treaty because of the projected interest in their droids , which are far advanced in comparison to what we use currently . 
 they want to question me about the conversion of currency and how much a droid , sold for credits , would actually be worth on planet . 
 i 'll need to run some numbers in the morning and confer with constance about the commercial aspects of the alliance . 
 she and vel are best able to provide me accurate information about the profits the conglomerate can offer . 
 i 've never been so happy to see the end of a party , which says something , considering my reputation . 
 the gutter press used to stalk me , assured of getting something juicy for the midnight bounce if they just stuck with me . 
 before falling for kai , i was known for closing down bars and spending all my creds on a last round for strangers who had become my new best friends . 
 but that was a lifetime ago . 
 my brain feels a little numb , but i murmur something appropriate as jael , hit , vel , and dina bid us good night . 
 constance surprises me by asking , `` do you mind if i accompany velith ? 
 i would like to inquire about the native flora and fauna . '' 
 i hope that 's all she asks about . 
 it would n't surprise me if she took it into her processor to ask about the elevated heat levels she recorded in devri , who was n't in attendance at the party tonight . 
 i try to imagine vel 's reaction . 
 `` no , that 's fine if vel does n't mind . '' 
 i glance at the bounty hunter . 
 he seems willing , if not eager , to put up with constance , so i give my blessing to their collaboration with a nod . 
 march shoves me into our adjoining quarters without ceremony , then demands , `` you got an implant ? 
 do you have any idea what they 'll do if they find out ? 
 are you out of your mind ? '' 
 `` they wo n't if you keep your voice down , '' i mutter . 
 he waves that away . 
 `` that 's the stupidest , riskiest ... '' `` sneakiest ? '' 
 i offer . 
 he gives me a look , and i go on , `` why do you care anyway ? 
 i thought you just wanted to get away from me . '' 
 `` i do n't want anything to happen to you . 
 you 're mine . '' 
 the answer slips out from somewhere deep ... because he looks as astonished as i feel . 
 possessiveness is n't love . 
 i 'm not even sure it qualifies as an emotion . 
 but if he 's feeling territorial , that 's progress from nothing at all . 
 i can work with protectiveness . 
 it 's a stepping-stone to other things . 
 `` am i still ? '' 
 i ask quietly . 
 `` or do you just remember that i used to be ? '' 
 his fingers flex at his sides , but i do n't feel threatened . 
 it 's a restless , searching movement . 
 belatedly , i notice that he shaved for the party , so his jaw is smooth and strong . 
 i fight the urge to close the distance between us and walk my fingertips across to his mouth . 
 once , i would n't have thought twice about yielding to the impulse , but he 's a new animal now , struggling between the man he was and the one i want him to be again . 
 i hope he wants it , too , at some level . 
 if i believed in adele 's goddess , i might even pray over it . 
 he means that much to me . 
 `` mine , '' he repeats , deep and low . 
 `` sometimes i feel that you 're woven into my bones . 
 there 's a resonance when i look at you , as if from a part of me that 's missing ... and it wo n't let me walk away , not even when i want to . '' 
 `` so you 're in this ? '' 
 i ca n't hide the tremor in my voice . 
 i do n't even try . 
 `` you 're not going to nicuan when this is over . 
 to live like a king ? '' 
 he shakes his head slowly . 
 `` not unless you 'll be my queen . '' 
 `` well , i do look better than anticipated in the ceremonial robes . '' 
 march smiles . 
 he 's not back , not entirely . 
 he 's on the cusp , i think , and his recovery will depend on so many factors that it boggles the mind to try to factor them . 
 but for the first time , i feel a glimmer of real hope . 
 `` you want to tell me what had you so twisted up at the party ? '' 
 my expression triggered the mental touch , i realize . 
 he saw my face , and he went in instinctively , as he 'd always done , when he realized there was something wrong . 
 i touch him on a reflexive level , somewhere beyond conscious thought , and that 's how i 'll save him , too . 
 `` do you think you could stand to hold me ? '' 
 i make the request nak * dly , as i would never have done before . 
 but i 've made peace with needing him , and right now , i need his heat and strength more than ever before . 
 i 'm not insulted when he has to think about it . 
 `` if you do n't make any sudden moves , it should be all right . '' 
 i tell myself i 'm not worried about this at all . 
 he 'd never hurt me . 
 after all , he 's had ample opportunity . 
 `` then let 's go to bed . '' 
 with only a slight hesitation , he takes my hand and leads me through to the bed . 
 i 'm painfully grateful to have even this much of him back . 
 this is where secrets are shared and empires crumble , not in secret meetings but in darkened bedchambers . 
 `` jax , '' he murmurs , and it sounds like an endearment . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` can you find another way ? 
 i do n't think i can handle the frustration . '' 
 he 's talking about how i said i intend to tease him to jump-start his emotional responses . 
 i still think it 's a good idea , but he knows how he feels better than i do . 
 if he says he ca n't handle it , i 'll find another path . 
 `` sure . '' 
 i do n't undress all the way . 
 earlier , i meant it when i said no sex until he could say he loved me and mean it , but i wo n't torment him on purpose since he 's asked me not to . 
 when we 're both in our underclothes , we slide beneath the blankets . 
 he pulls me to him slowly , and i stay still , unsure of how much movement he can tolerate without feeling threatened . 
 mentally , he may be certain i pose no danger to him , but that wo n't stop his reflexes from kicking in if i hit the wrong trigger . 
 his arms feel strong and sure . 
 my breath comes out in a soft sigh as his familiar scent washes over me . 
 i close my eyes and begin a quiet recitation of what i overheard . 
 march listens in silence . 
 `` so , '' i conclude , `` it sounded like they might be planning to kill me . 
 but they never said that outright . 
 all i know for sure ? 
 something bad is going down in two days . '' 
 `` i wish i could get you the hell out of here , '' he mutters . 
 i smile , wistful . 
 `` me , too . 
 but that 's not an option . '' 
 i sum up what tarn said in his message earlier . 
 god , it feels good to share stuff with him again . 
 beside me , he tenses . 
 `` mary . 
 this is n't going to be enough , jax . 
 whatever tarn thinks or hopes , the ithtorians as allies are not going to warn off regular raiders , let alone the syndicate or farwan loyalists . 
 they might give pause to the morgut , but frankly we do n't have any guarantee of that either . 
 we should be out there , marshaling our forces , not wallowing in diplomatic bullshit . '' 
 `` that 's the soldier in you talking . '' 
 `` baby , i 'm mostly soldier , even on my best day . 
 i 've spent too many turns mired in mud and blood for it to be otherwise . 
 if you wanted a sweet talker , you should have looked elsewhere . '' 
 his hands smooth over my head , investigating the pins that keep my hair in place . 
 he pulls them out , one by one , in a gesture that 's silently proprietary . 
 i grin . 
 `` as i recall , i tried . 
 you would 've killed hon if i 'd gone through with it . '' 
 there 's no humor in his voice . 
 `` without a doubt . '' 
 there 's surely something wrong with me because i enjoy a purely atavistic thrill from that certainty . 
 he 'd kill for me , no question . 
 and i like it . 
 we drift off with no solutions between us , and that 's all right . 
 the warmth feels heavenly , as if i can face anything with him beside me . 
 for the first time since i found him sitting in that dark room , i feel like he might be coming back to me . 
 after tomorrow 's merchant summit , i 'll play some more of mair 's logs . 
 using the clues she left behind , almost as if she knew i 'd need them , i 'll help him find the way back . 
 in the silence of my head , i say : i love you , march . 
 always . 
 though i do n't realize i 've drifted from waking to sleep , i must have because the world turns to darkness and fire . 
 i ca n't breathe , lungs burning with oxygen deprivation . 
 i wake with both his hands wrapped around my throat . 
 chapter 17 his eyes look weird and wild , too much shine . 
 i struggle . 
 the fragile flesh at my throat starts to give way , and black spots dot my vision . 
 i buck upward and kick out , but fighting back only seems to make him more determined to kill me . 
 he does n't realize it 's me . 
 in his head , he awoke with an enemy in his bed , but that wo n't stop my lights from going out for good . 
 i go limp and , with the last scraps of coherence , try to imagine touching his mind as he does mine . 
 red washes over me , as if i 've done it , but it could be because i 'm dying . 
 but no , rage and turmoil accompanies the mental touch . 
 that 's not how i feel . 
 i 'm scared shitless . 
 i ca n't speak , clawing at his hands in movements that gradually slow . 
 march , no . 
 stop . 
 his hands loosen . 
 did he hear me ? 
 through my spotty vision , i can see when his self-awareness returns . 
 with a sound sharp with self-loathing , he springs away from me , poised like a wild animal unsure how it wound up in human skin . 
 i roll off the bed on the other side onto my knees while pulling air into my tortured throat . 
 my forehead drifts down to the cool mattress , resting while i luxuriate in the ability to breathe . 
 though he warned me , i feel shell-shocked-and if i 'm honest-a little betrayed . 
 i thought there was something between us , something so deep that it would safeguard me from this kind of damage . 
 my head swims , so i stay down for a little while , waiting for the fuzzy feeling to fade . 
 i 'm also waiting for march to say something , but what the hell covers a moment like this ? 
 `` sorry '' seems a bit slim somehow . 
 the most he could do is say `` i told you so , '' which would only make things worse . 
 i hate admitting he was right . 
 he could kill me in his sleep . 
 i do n't know how to comfort him , or if i can . 
 hell , i could use some reassurance myself . 
 i do n't know what i would have said , but when i look up , the door that connects his room to mine is sliding shut . 
 part of me wants to run after him and demand ... something-and another part is glad there 's now a door between us . 
 please do n't let this become a precedent . 
 him walking away and me letting him . 
 once the shock wears off , i stagger to my feet , cursing my own ignorance . 
 i 'm flying on instinct here , and it obviously does n't replace experience . 
 march needs a fully trained psi adept to help him , and maybe a professional psych , too , but he does n't like the latter any more than i do , and we do n't have much chance of finding the former . 
 this probably undid any progress we might have made . 
 now he 'll go back to believing he 's broken beyond all hope of repair and counting down the minutes until he can walk away for good . 
 he might even be bouncing messages to his merc buddies right now , feeling out the situation on nicu . 
 i check the time and find that it 's hours before daylight . 
 unlikely that i 'll get back to sleep , so i pad out to the living area , where i find constance jacked into the terminal . 
 she must have finished with vel and returned to our suite at some point . 
 motion sensors kick her out of sleep mode , and her eyes open to regard me with the uncanny alertness that reminds me she 's not human . 
 `` do you require assistance , sirantha jax ? '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 my throat throbs . 
 i pad back to the bedroom to snag the thin blanket , then return to curl up on the sloping settee thing . 
 wrapping up helps a little , driving back an internal chill that says i 've lost him more surely than when he stayed on lachion to fight . 
 in the half-light , my gaze fixes on my pa , but i do n't really see her . 
 there 's enough left of the old march that he 'll want to make sure he never hurts me again , even if that takes putting light-years between us . 
 and i wo n't chase him . 
 once he walks away , it 'll be for good ; i do n't give second chances . 
 kai would have said that once crossed , i 'm as forgiving as the wall you hit at two hundred kilometers an hour . 
 he 'd have been smiling when he said it , of course . 
 he knew my faults-and loved me anyway-but there was a thread of steel in him . 
 he put up with a lot from me , but i always knew exactly how far i could push him . 
 a steely glint would come into his green eyes when i passed the point , and he 'd say , `` are you no longer happy with me , siri ? 
 forget the minor stuff . 
 are you unhappy ? '' 
 i knew what he meant by that . 
 if i was miserable on a grand scale , then we would have reached our expiration date as a couple . 
 the primary thing i learned from kai was the importance of free will outweighing hollow promises . 
 i really believe if i had ever said to him , `` yes , i 'm unhappy '' and meant it as more than a complaint about some small annoyance , he would have opened his hands and set me free , no matter how he felt about the state of our relationship . 
 that was the magic of him ... and the madness . 
 it 's difficult to live with someone like that . 
 sometimes he felt like a wisp of light that i had no hope of holding . 
 i could only watch the shine glide along my skin , knowing it was destined to disappear . 
 unless i want the same thing to happen with march , i have to find some way to bring him back . 
 i 'm tired of losing people . 
 it 's not normal for a jumper . 
 we 're the ones who live hard and die young . 
 right now , that sounds pretty damn tempting . 
 i miss grimspace , but it 's a bitch mistress . 
 each time we jump , navigators are exposed to extreme conditions that fry the brain slowly . 
 even with those inherent risks , the way i feel right now , a good , hard jump would be the best thing for me . 
 i 've been taking my injections , so my bones have shored up , but when i reach critical mass , there 's no telling how the weird repairs will affect my body . 
 it pulls vital components from other systems to rejuvenate grimspace damage to my brain . 
 that 's how i wound up with a bone deficiency in the first place . 
 next time , it could ravage my heart or my lungs , and i 'd die too fast for a transplant . 
 without a regulator to ensure a minor system is tapped , there 's no guarantee i can survive even one jump . 
 i feel that loss every minute of every day . 
 if i compartmentalize it , if i do n't let it drive me crazy , well , that 's the best i can do . 
 but the longing never goes away . 
 i want it like my next breath . 
 but i have to focus on stupid shit like diplomacy when i want to start screaming . 
 constance interrupts the sad loop of my thoughts . 
 `` you said you might require my assistance . 
 what service may i render ? '' 
 i have hours before i 'm expected at the merchant summit . 
 `` would you play the next entry in mair 's journal ? '' 
 `` accessing . '' 
 closing my eyes , i wait for the familiar rasp of the dead woman 's voice . 
 `` we lost tanze today . '' 
 the words come stark and unadorned . 
 i can hear the grief in mair 's voice . 
 here in the dark , it 's more than eerie , as if she 's reaching for me from the other side . 
 adele would probably say there 's something of mary 's grace in the technology that allows me to hear mair 's words after her death . 
 `` one of the diggers blew , taking out half the supports ... and tanze . 
 it 's going to take months to get things running again . 
 sometimes i wonder if it 's worth it . 
 that boy of mine has been useless since his wife died , but i have hopes for the girl . 
 men . '' 
 she makes an exasperated sound . 
 `` i do n't know why i bother sometimes . 
 just like that mean , ungrateful bastard . 
 if i did n't know tanze wanted me to try and save him , i 'd have him shot . 
 never met anybody so difficult and hardheaded . '' 
 amusement laces her voice , but then her tone drops lower , as if she 's confiding something to her journal that she does n't ever want anyone to hear . 
 `` but i hate how much i 'm hurting him . 
 breaking him down and rebuilding from the ground up is the only way to go , but he does n't understand why at all . 
 i can see it in his eyes , and he 's scared to death . '' 
 breaking him down ? 
 she means mentally , right ? 
 she did n't hurt him , did she ? 
 then i remember march saying he spent the first three months tied . 
 if i have to treat him as a dangerous criminal , tie him up and torture him in order to reshape his mind , i 'm not sure i can . 
 the very idea makes me queasy . 
 surely there 's another way . 
 though it 's probably a long shot , i ask , `` do you know anything about the way mair treated march when he first arrived on lachion ? '' 
 constance shakes her head without even searching her data banks . 
 `` unfortunately , my knowledge of that time is limited to the information mair chose to input by various means . 
 i much prefer my current incarnation . '' 
 i make myself smile though i 'm not sure if she can see me . 
 `` glad to hear it . '' 
 `` would you like me to play another entry ? '' 
 pulling my knees to my chest , i nod , grateful for her company . 
 `` play as many as you can before daylight . 
 maybe mair left something that will help us . '' 
 the voice of the dead woman fills the darkness . 
 chapter 18 -lsb- timestamp : 23:04 , 114.55.980 -rsb- it 's been a month since tanze died . 
 i 'm going to ramble a bit here because i ca n't grieve in front of anyone without showing weakness , and i 'm not allowed to be weak . 
 but here in my room , surely i can be permitted a few moments to remember my best friend . 
 i can be a scattered old woman whose best turns are behind her . 
 tanze . 
 i did n't realize how much i 'd come to count on her . 
 in the past few months , she was more help than jor . 
 i wonder if people would have accepted her as my successor if she 'd lived . 
 they might have challenged her , but i 'd have put any number of credits on her fighting . 
 when that ship stranded her here , it was the best thing that ever happened to us . 
 jor found her sitting at one of the automated hangars and brought her home like she was a stray . 
 it was rough on her at first . 
 we are n't always friendly to outsiders , especially not with people muttering how her people came at us during the axis wars . 
 i just wish i 'd told her how much i came to appreciate her over the turns . 
 maybe i did that when i adopted her formally as my own , i do n't know . 
 i 'd like to think she knew at some level . 
 it 's just not right for an old woman to outlive the people she loves . 
 i 'm trying not to show how much i miss her . 
 the clan expects me to be the tough-as-nails old bird , so i deliver , but it 's wearing me out . 
 in the mornings , my joints hurt more than they used to , and meditation only goes so far . 
 i ca n't turn the pain off anymore , not even by directing my chi . 
 i can only dull the ache . 
 saul tells me there 's nothing he can do either . 
 this old body is just wearing out , and we do n't use rejuvenex , for obvious reasons . 
 besides , i do n't want to see 150 . 
 i 'm plenty old enough . 
 keri is coming along nicely , though . 
 i 'm glad to see she 's inherited some of my steel . 
 i know she misses her mother -- and tanze , who was like a surrogate to her -- but she 's bearing up well . 
 her lessons are coming along , but i have to keep shooing the little rat away from where we keep our resident madman . 
 she seems to think she can save him , but i 'm not letting march near her . 
 he 's dangerous , and i do n't know if he 'd hesitate over killing a kid . 
 i have n't made nearly enough progress with him to risk letting him loose among the rest of the clan . 
 frankly , if it was n't for the fact that i promised tanze , i 'd have given up on him . 
 he 's got a strong mind , which just makes it harder to break him down . 
 the barriers he has in place are all but impossible to get through -- and it hurts me as much as him when i manage it . 
 people sure steer clear when the screaming starts . 
 the irony ? 
 it 's enhancing my rep. word has gotten out that i 've taken a hostage , and i 'm torturing him for fun during my free time . 
 the other clans are starting to contact me , putting out feelers to try and discover who we 're holding . 
 by the time i 'm finished , they 'll think i 'm ruthless enough to do almost anything . 
 that can only shore up our position here . 
 it 's been a constant struggle since we lost production in the mine . 
 the gunnars are snapping at our heels and the mcculloughs are right behind them . 
 just thinking about it all makes me so tired , i 'm tempted to head for the caves , slit my wrists , and wait for something to eat me . 
 i wo n't do that to keri until i 'm sure she 's strong enough to take over , though . 
 mama did n't raise any quitters , or i would n't still be here , fighting on . 
 especially not when my only child seems to have given up . 
 i 'm worried about jor , no lie . 
 sometimes i think he 's aiming to follow janel into the grave . 
 sometimes i ask myself if the freedom is worth it . 
 there are so many dangers . 
 we could pull up stakes and move , join an easier colony . 
 but then we 'd have people telling us what we can and ca n't do , making us follow their rules . 
 i never did well with that , which is why i wound up here in the first place . 
 i guess i feel like i 'd be insulting the memory of everybody who died , fertilizing this place with our blood and bone , while we tried to eke out a living . 
 now we 've sunk our roots deep , and maybe we 're not altogether safe , but who can say they are ? 
 even beneath the titian skies of gehenna , there are rapists and robbers within the dome , monsters in human skin . 
 at least ours come clearly marked with fangs and claws . 
 ah , frag me , i 'm tired . 
 i need to sleep . 
 i have to tackle march first thing . 
 more in the morning . 
 -lsb- end session -rsb- -lsb- timestamp : 12:47 , 115.55.980 -rsb- brutal . 
 that 's the only word i can find to describe what just happened . 
 my head feels like somebody hit me with a hammer , but honest to mary , i 'm lucky that son of a bitch did n't kill me . 
 he surely tried . 
 -lsb- rustling sounds , dictation pauses -rsb- i never knew anybody who could do that , but ... untrained psi are rare . 
 and he 's the strongest i 've ever met , maybe even a level ten . 
 it would n't surprise me a bit if he 's killed with a pure rush of power straight through the brain . 
 started a fatal aneurysm . 
 the first thing i need to do is check that . 
 i do n't want to neuter him entirely , but i ca n't leave him with that ability . 
 it 's too easy , too tempting . 
 if he wants to kill , he should be forced to use a weapon . 
 it felt damn good to turn the tables on him . 
 when he went for me , it opened him up , and i went in hard . 
 i hope that taught him once and for all that if he hurts me , i 'll give it back a hundred times over . 
 he was still screaming when i left . 
 at the same time , i feel like i just kicked a dog that does n't know anything more than being kicked . 
 once you push an animal past a certain point , it ca n't be saved . 
 all it knows is pain and rage . 
 it does n't know any other way to respond ; it 's been burned into its brain . 
 i 'm just not sure if that 's the case with march . 
 maybe i can teach him something else . 
 maybe i can rewire him from the ground up . 
 but i wo n't succeed through hurting him , i know that much . 
 this morning , when i checked the bounce , i found a copy of his file from a merc outfit on nicu tertius . 
 i asked for that weeks ago , but the satellite relays are none too good out here . 
 most times i do n't mind the isolation ... that 's exactly why we 're here . 
 march apparently served two tours with them before starting his own company . 
 he 's known to be a ruthless bastard who takes the jobs nobody else wants . 
 his men do n't have a high survival rate , but those who do walk get paid like conquering kings , so there 's no shortage of men looking to sign on with him . 
 why am i working so hard on this ? 
 apart from that promise to tanze , frag me if i know . 
 just ... the more he fights me , the more i want to win . 
 i guess i 'm as stubborn as he is . 
 he 's a challenge i wo n't walk away from unless i have no other choice . 
 i 'll say this , though . 
 if i ca n't win , then he 'll have to be put down . 
 power like his , unchecked by care or compassion , just ca n't run free . 
 i hate to agree with the corp , as farwan tends to be full of self-important tight-asses , but at least their psi program prevents the creation of monsters like this . 
 when i went to him , i caught keri on the verge of going inside . 
 if she was n't such a huge pain in my ass , i 'd be proud of her determination to get what she wants . 
 the little rat must 've been spying because she had my security codes . 
 i changed those and shooed her off to run some drills . 
 intuition tells me the future lies with her , not her father , so i ca n't let some lunatic merc cut her off at the knees before she 's barely begun . 
 mary , i love that girl , but i 'm too old to have the raising of her . 
 i try not to resent jor for the way he 's abdicated all his responsibilities . 
 i know he 's grieving , but i want to kick his ass . 
 the only thing stopping me ? 
 he 'd just let me with a hangdog look , then go back to staring at old vids , while chewing on his cigar . 
 there are quiet ways to die where the body just does n't notice that the heart is gone , i guess . 
 well , whether i like it or not , i have work to do . 
 if i do n't keep this clan going , nobody will . 
 -lsb- end session -rsb- -lsb- timestamp : 22:55 , 125.55.980 -rsb- connections are everything . 
 without them , the system stops working . 
 when too many connections break , the center can not hold . 
 i 've never been this tired in all my life . 
 i broke a man today . 
 it 's a terrible thing , and i wo n't know for months yet whether there 's any putting him back together . 
 i 've never done the like to any living thing , and i wish there had been some other way , but if there was , i could n't find it . 
 i could n't fix what was broken without smashing him into pieces and starting from the ground up . 
 my master would 've been able to find another way , but so much of what he knew was lost . 
 i was n't his best student , just the most determined . 
 if any of the others survived , i have n't heard . 
 maybe with its demons , lachion is the only thing that kept me safe all these years , out of farwan 's reach . 
 if they do n't understand it , they want to study it , and once they figure it out , they sell it . 
 i 'd rather face a caveful of teras than a squad of gray men . 
 at least with the monsters , i understand what drives them . 
 i wish i could say the same of my son . 
 there 's no helping him , i think . 
 i have to accept that and keep moving toward the goal . 
 today , march wept like a baby in my arms , and that was the worst of it . 
 a man like him would hate this worse than dying if he could see it through my eyes . 
 i have to hope that pushing through the darkness will bring us both into light , or i 'll never be able to live with what i 've done . 
 there 's so much darkness in him to navigate . 
 never saw any psi who survived to maturity without learning to shield . 
 for so many years , he 's been in other people 's heads , their dirt and dishonesty clinging to him so that he ca n't get clean of it . 
 but now that there 's nothing left of him , i can pass through and repair that which is broken . 
 i can help him become the man he should have been . 
 it wo n't be easy , but i wo n't give up either ; it 's too late for that . 
 i 've seen too much of what drove him on . 
 what my old master said is true : love can make us do dreadful things . 
 -lsb- end session -rsb- -lsb- timestamp : 2:17 , 154.56.980 -rsb- i fixed him . 
 i was n't sure until i was put through an awful crucible . 
 may mary never test me so again . 
 yesterday , i let him move around . 
 we spoke instead of battled . 
 there was no anger in him . 
 he seemed calm , almost gentle . 
 when i tested him mentally , i found his psi abilities intact , but he appeared free of the taint . 
 the mind is like a world unto itself , built from oscillations of memory and shards of self . 
 when someone is damaged , they need to be fixed . 
 my old master would call it psi-surgery . 
 he 'd also have beat me within an inch of my life for doing it free hand . 
 but i managed it . 
 i excised the darkness and reconnected the emotional links that make him human . 
 and it 's a damn good thing . 
 you see , keri succeeded in seeing the prisoner today . 
 she said she was working on her forms ; but before her trainer realized she was gone , the little rat had slipped into march 's cell . 
 changing the codes did n't do me any good . 
 the kid ca n't stand secrets , and she has a way of ferreting out whatever she wants to know . 
 the alarm sounded on my comm when she went in . 
 i 've never been so scared in all my life as when i ran to save her . 
 the idea he had a hostage , an innocent who could be made to pay for what i 'd done to him , made me sick . 
 i could n't have run any faster from death itself . 
 by the time i got there , she 'd undone his restraints . 
 i froze in the doorway , watching . 
 i knew i could n't let him suspect she was important to me . 
 i raised my mental shields , vowing quietly to give him nothing . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 the stupid girl smiled at him , all big eyes and elbows . 
 `` keri . 
 who 're you ? '' 
 `` your grandmother 's prisoner . '' 
 well , i thought she 'd shoot me herself . 
 keri never did respect my authority . 
 i expect she never will . 
 she demanded to know what he 'd done to deserve it , and i found it impossible to explain . 
 i looked him straight in the eye . 
 `` if i let you leave this room , will you swear yourself to me and mine ? '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 there was no shadow in him . 
 he actually smiled . 
 maybe he does n't remember the worst of it anymore . 
 mary knows , i tried to blur that part . 
 i do n't know what the future holds , but i think i did what was needful . 
 he 's one of mine now . 
 -lsb- end session -rsb- chapter 19 at dawn , i stand before the window , looking out over the capital city . 
 constance sits quietly behind me ; she 's a restful companion . 
 we 've come to the end of the references to march in mair 's journals . 
 i feel oddly as if i 've passed straight through her soul and emerged on the other side , still me , but inexplicably altered as well . 
 ithiss-tor is a study in contrasts . 
 cities are built above-ground , but research facilities burrow deep into the ground , presumably to hide technological advances from prying eyes . 
 commerce and politics are the chief interests here , so i suppose it 's fitting that we 're about to combine the two . 
 i turn from the window and head for the bedroom , trying not to think about what i learned about march . 
 trying not to think about how much hell he 's already been through . 
 what was it like for him after he left last night ? 
 is he punishing himself , or is he just angry that i did n't listen to his warnings ? 
 right now i 'm not sure if he has the capacity for remorse . 
 his mind feels alien to me , full of rage and choked aggression . 
 mentally , i try to shift gears . 
 i need to think about the next meeting . 
 every day we move a little closer to signing the deal . 
 astonishingly enough , i 'm doing well , impressing them with my regard for their customs . 
 ramona will be so pissed when i succeed . 
 i wo n't let myself think about the consequences of failure . 
 after a quick san-shower , i examine my reflection in the glass . 
 the scars offer nothing new , but i 'm going to have to do something about the marks forming on my neck . 
 basic cosmetics wo n't be sufficient to cover them , and i do n't dare alter my costume at this juncture . 
 the ithtorians are accustomed to seeing me in the gold robe , and i 'll admit to a certain superstitious attachment . 
 things have gone so well thus far that i do n't want to jinx the success by switching my wardrobe . 
 but that leaves me needing to do something with my neck . 
 before i can rethink it , i pick up the comm and beep vel . 
 he answers on the third chime , and i say , `` did i wake you ? '' 
 `` no , sirantha . 
 i have been awake for some hours . 
 what can i do for you ? '' 
 points to him for knowing i did n't call him just to chat . 
 `` could you come see me , please ? 
 we 'll talk about it then . '' 
 `` with pleasure . '' 
 he disconnects without further conversation . 
 maybe i 'm paranoid , but i do n't think this issue needs to be broadcast on the wireless . 
 the ithtorians could easily intercept and have it translated . 
 i do n't want this getting out . 
 good or bad , what happens in my bedroom stays there . 
 except for the time that private vid wound up on the midnight bounce , but i had nothing to do with the distribution . 
 if i 'd been sober , i would n't even have let the guy record us . 
 that was turns-and scars-ago , however . 
 regular scans assure me my quarters are clean , at least , so i wait for vel . 
 it 's light enough now that we do n't need the artificial lamps . 
 he 'll know how to handle this . 
 he arrives quickly , thank mary , and i rise to greet him . 
 i 've internalized this movement ; the wa has become second nature , but it gives him pause . 
 before speaking , he responds in kind . 
 i wish i could better read the precise angle of his head , the length he holds the pose . 
 thousands of meanings can be concealed in that gesture , but i 'm a novice . 
 it will take me turns to gain more than rudimentary proficiency . 
 i can detect insults more easily than the layered meanings . 
 after all , i focused my training there , so i 'll know if someone was offering sincere courtesy or false respect . 
 as he straightens , his mandible moves in some subtle meaning . 
 `` your manners have become ... exquisite , sirantha . 
 the shading you gave that wa ... it was poetic . '' 
 surprise washes over me as i register the compliment . 
 `` really ? 
 what did i say ? '' 
 `` in the time after the broken sunrise , brown bird looks to white wave . 
 the sky does not touch , all songs have ceased . 
 it is far and lorn . '' 
 `` i said all that with my wa ? '' 
 i ask , astonished . 
 he confirms with an inclination of his head . 
 `` very ... nuanced . '' 
 `` ithtorian must be ... such a beautiful language . '' 
 for the first time , i wish i had a mind capable of interpreting the sounds without a chip , matching them to images and symbols on my own . 
 `` it can be . 
 i gather this is a matter of some urgency ? '' 
 he says quietly . 
 `` yes . '' 
 i show him my throat . 
 `` i need you to figure out a way to make this into a show of strength . 
 i ca n't show up with bruises forming on my neck . 
 if i understand your people correctly , it will mark me as fragile , which weakens my bargaining position . '' 
 vel approaches me , tilting my head with one claw . 
 `` march did this ? '' 
 his neutral tone reveals nothing . 
 `` he did n't mean to . '' 
 how disgusting . 
 i sound like a woman defending the man who beats her . 
 `` he was n't in his right mind . '' 
 `` nonetheless , all the face you have built up since arriving would be completely eradicated , if it were known that you allowed a male to damage your person . 
 here , it is the males who have their heads torn off by their mates . 
 occasionally , anyway . '' 
 did he just make a joke ? 
 it 's hard for me to tell . 
 his humor tends to be so subtle and dry that if i blink , i miss it . 
 `` so what do we do ? '' 
 he turns my face this way and that , examining the injury . 
 `` no structural damage , merely superficial discoloration . '' 
 i smile at the way he makes me sound like an old corrugated shed , discolored by exposure to the elements . 
 `` if we summon doc to treat you , someone will report it . 
 likewise , if you go to the ship . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` he does n't have anything to make bruises magically disappear anyway . 
 that has n't been high on our list of ailments to address ... for obvious reasons . '' 
 vel drops his hand from me . 
 `` in this situation , there is only one thing we can do . '' 
 `` and that is ? '' 
 `` paint you . '' 
 refusing to explain , he leaves to gather supplies presumably related to his odd pronouncement . 
 after his return , he begins by mixing the ink . 
 the color turns a deep forest green , rich and dark . 
 it even smells a bit like a wood after dark , pungent but fresh , and clean . 
 i freeze when he produces the device with needles jutting from it . 
 `` are you sure this is a good idea ? 
 are you sure this is even safe ? '' 
 `` it will not harm you , '' he assures me . 
 `` this process will merely produce a personal adornment i believe you call a tattoo . 
 you can have it removed later if you prefer , but it is imperative that we cover this injury before the summit , and this is the only means that my people will find comprehensible . '' 
 as he cleans the needles , i back up a step . 
 `` i could ... wear a scarf . '' 
 `` something wrapped about your throat would imply you felt threatened and saw the need to protect your vulnerable points . 
 no , this is best . 
 it will conceal your injury , and choosing green-the color of commerce-will be taken as a statement regarding your capacity to create prosperity . 
 at the merchant summit , they will respect such a show of strength and confidence . '' 
 well , when you put it that way , it does sound impressive . 
 i just wish it did n't involve needles in my throat . 
 but i said whatever it took , i 'd make this happen , so i ca n't back down now . 
 i have one final , perfunctory objection , even though i 've made up my mind to accept the inevitable . 
 `` you do n't have to do the acid wash on my skin , do you ? '' 
 i really do n't want that damaged any more than it already is . 
 vel glances at me , his faceted eyes glittering in the morning light . 
 `` no , sirantha . 
 unlike our chitin , your skin will take the color without that step . '' 
 `` what will the design look like ? '' 
 in answer , he sets down the equipment he 's prepping and moves to the terminal . 
 constance watches us wordlessly . 
 vel reaches around her and taps away , eventually pulling up a hauntingly lovely pattern with green as its primary color . 
 it looks like the coppery patina of aged metal , interspersed with the delicate strength of growing things . 
 `` that 's lovely . 
 who first designed it ? '' 
 random question , born of admiration . 
 but his answer surprises me . 
 `` i did . '' 
 he pauses , studying the screen with an intensity i can not interpret . 
 `` i was not always a bounty hunter . 
 over the years , i have lived many lives . 
 most beings do . '' 
 there 's a strange profundity in that . 
 i remember mair 's journal entries and wonder where she came from , what she was like as a young woman . 
 what drove her from the only home she ever knew to settle on lachion ? 
 what made her stay when she realized it would n't be as easy as they might have hoped when the first ships arrived ? 
 nothing ever turns out entirely as we expect . 
 melancholy brushes me with its dove gray wings . 
 i touch my throat , imagining vel 's pattern on my skin . 
 oddly , i 'm not even reluctant anymore ; the rightness of it is undeniable . 
 we 'll turn this setback into an asset , and i will come away better for facing my fear . 
 `` let 's do it , '' i say softly . 
 `` before the light leaves us behind . '' 
 after i 've said that , i realize it was a strange way to express my concern for the passage of time . 
 what the hell is that chip doing in my brain ? 
 rearranging the way i use language , among other things . 
 i can only hope it does n't do anything worse . 
 i trusted vel blindly with the installation , just as i 'm doing now . 
 `` lie back then . 
 i added a mild topical anesthetic to the mix , '' he adds as he fills a cartridge with the dark green ink . 
 `` you wo n't feel a thing . '' 
 closing my eyes , i turn myself over to him completely . 
 chapter 20 at the merchant summit , i feel like a queen . 
 true , i wear the crown around my throat instead of atop my head , but i think the ithtorians take the point . 
 when i first enter the chamber , they murmur at the sight of me . 
 i wish i was better at reading their body language , but i take comfort in the fact that there 's no human more schooled in it than me . 
 so in this sense at least , i am the best humanity has to offer . 
 `` it is a bold move , '' i hear someone saying . 
 `` she is a cunning strategist , '' another agrees . 
 `` and she understands our ways better than i would have imagined . 
 perhaps they are not all tree-dwelling savages . '' 
 `` do you think she understands what it means ? '' 
 `` i can only presume il-nok explained before he made the offer . '' 
 well , i think he did . 
 but now that i cast back , i can only remember discussing that it would be taken as a show of strength . 
 if it has any other significance , we did n't discuss it . 
 nonetheless , i would have agreed to cover up the damage . 
 as he said , it was the best solution . 
 `` who knows what that dog will do ? '' 
 another replies . 
 `` his choice of partner indicates that he is no better than the lunatics we send to the mines . '' 
 i 'd love to get a look at the mines , which serve both as a source of revenue and a penal colony . 
 there are deposits so deep and difficult to reach that the owners are reluctant to risk their costly droids in the hope of tapping them . 
 that 's where the mad labor force comes in . 
 if an ithtorian refuses to conform to behavioral expectations , that 's where he or she ends up . 
 talk about peer pressure . 
 that 's a system i ca n't get behind ; i think people can be trusted to know what makes them unhappy . 
 maybe we do n't always know what we want exactly , but we can usually say what we do n't with a fair amount of specificity . 
 no wonder vel left . 
 he was right about something else , too . 
 i did n't feel more than pressure while he worked on me , and the resultant tattoo is beautiful and delicate , covering the mark of march 's hands with the green chain . 
 my skin itches a little , but i can resist the urge to scratch , which would inflame the area and take away from my aura of confidence . 
 shoulders squared , i survey the room . 
 another snippet of conversation comes to me . 
 `` from what she said in the earlier summit , we can expect a one-to-one exchange rate . 
 that is , we will receive a full credit for every karel we invest outworld , and receive a full karel for every credit we convert back . '' 
 `` that is more than fair . 
 i am especially interested in hearing about the opportunities for droid export . 
 i just bought 40 percent into a research consortium . '' 
 `` is that the one they started under mount eyetooth ? '' 
 mount eyetooth ? 
 i remind myself that the chip does pretty well , conveying approximate meanings from a dissimilar language . 
 i do n't recognize these merchants , but many of them have been watching my performance from a distance for several days . 
 now they will have a chance to inquire about the new markets i 've promised them . 
 this may actually turn out to be more difficult than karom 's interrogation , given my lack of background in business . 
 from my left , constance slides a thin datapad into my hand . 
 `` i have been working on this all night . 
 it contains projected figures related to ithtorian exports that should be accurate to the tenth decimal place . 
 i believe it will enhance your presentation . '' 
 i skim the numbers , then commit them to memory , before handing it back . 
 `` to say the least . 
 you 're the best . '' 
 as always , she says modestly , `` i am here to help . '' 
 sharis hastens over to greet us . 
 he seems surprised by the necklace imprinted on my skin , but he covers it by executing a respectful wa . 
 i return the courtesy before we attempt to communicate aloud , wondering what the minutiae of my movement said to him . 
 vel could tell me , but i do n't even want sharis , who seems to be on our side , to realize how much i know . 
 it 's better if they underestimate me . 
 `` it is my great pleasure to greet you this morning , '' sharis says . 
 i pretend not to understand , allowing vel to translate . 
 then the councilor goes on , `` you have greatly impressed the council , and i am cautiously optimistic about our chances when this matter is put to a vote . '' 
 once more , i pause before making my response . 
 i 'll have to be careful not to answer before vel is done speaking . 
 it 's slightly disconcerting to hear everything twice before i can answer , but i need to get used to it . 
 `` when is the vote ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` the day after tomorrow . '' 
 something about that date niggles at me , but before i can put the pieces together , devri joins us . 
 he makes his wa to me with a grace that seems oddly suggestive . 
 i do n't know why i think that , except for the arch of his spine and the proximity at which he chooses to make it . 
 when devri straightens , his head very nearly brushes my chin . 
 my gaze flicks to vel , and , by his tension as he returns devri 's bow , i have the impression he agrees . 
 i wo n't be able to confirm until later , but i make a mental note to do so . 
 we can watch the logs if we need to . 
 constance is recording this session with her ocular cam . 
 maybe i need to ask vel about the meaning of the hot spots on devri 's anatomy , too . 
 i had n't wanted to bring it up , but it might be a factor we need to plan for . 
 in lieu of a more formal verbal greeting , devri says , `` i like your neck paint . '' 
 at least , that 's the best translation my chip can offer . 
 vel puts it slightly differently . 
 `` our color looks lovely on your skin . '' 
 is that a mere compliment ? 
 looking to vel for guidance will lessen my personal strength , so i simply reply , `` i appreciate your kindness . '' 
 should be safe enough . 
 `` i am hosting a private dinner party this evening , '' devri continues . 
 `` i would be honored if you would attend as my special guest . 
 i have a number of associates who wish to make your acquaintance . '' 
 i watch vel as he translates , hoping he 'll give me some sign of whether he thinks i should accept the invitation . 
 unfortunately , any indication i could detect would certainly alert sharis and devri as well . 
 they are more sensitive to subtle movements . 
 sharis agrees , `` i would be honored to see you there . '' 
 `` may i bring vel and constance ? '' 
 if it 's not a formal state occasion , then i do n't need the honor guard that escorted me down here . 
 `` and my bodyguard ? '' 
 i add reluctantly . 
 jael will most likely insist . 
 earlier , march did n't look at me , not even once . 
 he did n't ask how i was . 
 he did n't even seem to see me . 
 and as soon as they walked me into the hall , hit , dina , and jael all departed . 
 they hate the uniform they have to wear for the sake of appearances , and none of them enjoys being surrounded by bugs . 
 sometimes i feel like i 'm going to lose all my friends over this alliance . 
 i ca n't explain the feeling , but since we arrived , i feel cut off from the old , easy camaraderie , like i 'm not one of them anymore . 
 maybe they feel like i 've changed . 
 the old jax would n't have had the patience for this posturing . 
 she 'd have told the ithtorians , here i am . 
 vote now . 
 if you do n't want to ally with us , go frag yourselves . 
 but the old jax never saw anything as more important than herself either-except possibly kai . 
 however , the old jax was also honest to a fault . 
 so maybe they think diplomacy is making less of me , as it 's teaching me to dissemble . 
 `` certainly , '' devri says . 
 fantastic . 
 more time on display . 
 more time watching my every move and focusing on not showing my teeth . 
 i hear myself answering on automatic . 
 `` then we would be delighted . '' 
 we must have gotten here a touch early because the rest of the council is just arriving . 
 sartha comes in behind mako and karom . 
 i do n't know what vel said to her last night , but she does n't even look at him . 
 something in her body language tells me she 's sad . 
 i do n't know why that would be the case , though . 
 vel told me his people do n't form emotional bonds as we know them , so whatever was supposed to happen between them-and did n't when he left-she could only have been disappointed that one of her schemes did n't come to fruition . 
 doubtless i 'm projecting a human response to her based on what i know of their history . 
 vel touches my bare arm , a gentle reminder that we need to move . 
 before the grand administrator arrives , which signifies her readiness to begin , we array ourselves in a semicircle around her empty seat . 
 otlili never lets her people forget , even in her absence , that she possesses all the power . 
 i admire that even if i can sense her antipathy . 
 ten minutes later , she deigns to join us . 
 her honor guard is larger than usual today , a full score of low-ranking ithtorians who walk at her back . 
 on closer inspection , i notice they 're all males . 
 otlili does not bow to anyone in this room . 
 instead , she surveys us all with cold , glittering eyes . 
 her gazes linger on me , taking my measure . 
 she has noticed the mark i bear at my throat . 
 it feels like an empty boast now , not strength but effrontery . 
 i feel the ice of her regard all the way down in my bones , and despair tries to follow . 
 in that moment , i feel sure there is no way i can prevail against her . 
 i should confess my silent transgression before she discovers the chip on her own . 
 my muscles quiver with the effort to remain silent . 
 after what seems an interminable silence , she says at last , `` let us begin . '' . 
 open-transmission . . 
 the real syndicate is a lie . . 
 hide-message-origin . . 
 auto-forward-all-nodes . 
 i 'm nobody you 've ever heard of , and if you knew me , it would n't matter . 
 my face would n't convince you if my words do n't . 
 nonetheless , i 'm going to tell my story , and it does n't matter if the syndicate kills me for it . 
 after all , they 've already taken everything else . 
 i ran a small shipping company out of gehenna , where it 's easy to get black-market goods off world . 
 the docking officers there expect to be bribed to look the other way , whether it 's slaves , weapons , chem , or contraband tech like code breakers . 
 i never dealt in any of that . 
 my company specialized in textiles : nonsynth luxury items handwoven on gehenna . 
 it 's nearly a dead art , so i could command ridiculous prices from those who liked the cache . 
 we did n't sell in bulk , but the cost made up for low quantity . 
 in my father 's day , gehenna was n't quite the smugglers ' paradise it is today , but since i 'd learned the business from him , i did my best to keep away from all that . 
 i did n't interfere with other people 's choices , and i hoped they 'd leave me alone , too . 
 they did n't . 
 it began about ten turns back , with an ominous visit from a man in a suit . 
 he asked why i did n't belong to the local guild and implied that i 'd be sorry if i did n't pay my dues . 
 well , i know a protection racket when i see one , but i figured it would be smart of me to pony up a few credits in order to be left in peace . 
 but six months after i joined the guild , i was approached a second time . 
 one of my fellow members needed my help . 
 after having run afoul of the docking agents one too many times for failing to pay his bribes , he wanted to use my textile to conceal a shipment . 
 when i asked what the cargo would be , a man visited my house in the middle of the night and left a dead rat underneath my pillow . 
 i got the message . 
 the syndicate likes good sheep who follow orders . 
 they do n't want you asking questions . 
 they never told me what i was to ship , so i did n't agree to it , and when the time came round again to pay dues , i refused . 
 i wanted no part of an organization that would kill animals . 
 i 'm amused now at my naivete . 
 of course , things escalated . 
 the syndicate does n't allow people to walk away , whatever propaganda they 're selling now . 
 by this time , i was married and had a daughter . 
 she was four turns old . 
 i did n't know then what lengths they would go to , or i would have conceded defeat . 
 hindsight offers such bitter clarity . 
 they began by trying to intimidate people not to do business with me . 
 in some cases , it worked , and i lost revenue . 
 the company suffered , but my weavers were loyal . 
 nobody else could fill the niche , so we soldiered on . 
 thus , the syndicate pulverized one of the weavers ' hands . 
 she did n't die of her wounds ; but she lost her vocation , which was both an art and her greatest joy . 
 i paid her compensation , and the company suffered more . 
 around this time , my spouse begged me to yield , but i was inflamed with a sense of persecution , injustice , and righteous indignation . 
 that day , i went to the authorities with my complaints . 
 i named names . 
 i offered to stand witness in a trial against my tormentors . 
 that night , my place of business burned to the ground , with my spouse and daughter inside . 
 if you take nothing else from my words , know that these are not the people to whom we should trust our children and our defense . 
 they have no honor , and they worship the credit as supreme . 
 there is no crime too heinous if there is profit in it . 
 monsters that wear human faces run the syndicate . 
 how is that better than the ithtorians ? 
 and at least i can say the ithtorians have done me no harm . 
 when my world burned , i fled gehenna . 
 i am now in hiding . 
 if they wanted to , they could find me . 
 their resources are infinite , and i am but one voice , crying out in the dark . 
 i believe now they let me live as an example . 
 they think me broken . 
 but there is no enemy so dangerous as the one with nothing left to lose . . 
 end-transmission . . 
 the real syndicate is a lie . . 
 hide-message-origin . . 
 auto-forward-all-nodes . 
 chapter 21 thanks to constance 's figures , i do n't make an ass of myself . 
 her work allows me to field all their questions and sound like i know what i 'm talking about . 
 maybe this is common for people in my position , but i feel like an enormous fraud . 
 i do n't have this information by virtue of my own efforts or intellect . 
 i just happen to know some really brilliant people-if she can be classed as such . 
 i 'm including vel in that assessment , of course . 
 but maybe that 's all politicians do . 
 take other people 's work and make it sound pretty . 
 by the time the summit is over , i feel weary and dispirited . 
 no surprise , given how little i slept the night before . 
 the chatter of excited merchants washes over me as they file past , each offering me a wa . 
 i return them one by one , being careful with my movements . 
 soon only our party and the council remain in the hall . 
 to my surprise , the grand administrator dismisses them . 
 `` i will take the afternoon meal with the ambassador . 
 your translator alone may remain . '' 
 i hope i make a convincing show of puzzlement as the rest of the council files out . 
 my acting skills are n't really that impressive , but maybe they 'll suffice for a species that is n't too conversant with normal human responses . 
 unlike me with vel , they did n't have a human friend they could use to enrich their understanding . 
 after he translates , i tell constance , `` head for our quarters and wait there . 
 if you can do some more work on the alliance advantages , i 'd appreciate that very much . '' 
 `` acknowledged . '' 
 she excuses herself with an impressive wa to otlili . 
 i 'm a little disappointed that we wo n't get this meal on vid so we can deconstruct it later . 
 i 'll just have to rely on vel 's memory since otlili would never approve use of his ocular cam . 
 remembering the intensity of her regard when she first arrived , i try not to be nervous about this unexpected honor . 
 i tell myself she ca n't know about the chip . 
 `` we will dine in my quarters , '' the grand administrator says . 
 it astonishes me how she treats her escorts as if they are n't there . 
 despite the way their presence asserts her importance , her gaze never touches on them . 
 it 's as if they exist solely to bolster her consequence . 
 they step aside in a rigidly choreographed maneuver that allows vel and me to fall in behind otlili . 
 i 'm relieved to realize she does n't expect to converse while we 're on the move , so i can luxuriate in the rich scent of growing things . 
 we pass through the heart of the complex , which is among the loveliest gardens i 've ever seen . 
 exotic flowers , capped with delicate white petals , framing a pale yellow center , stand nearly two meters tall . 
 more startling , they turn their faces toward us as we pass by . 
 `` the kiss of teeth , '' otlili says . 
 i assume she 's naming the plant for me , having rightly discerned my interest . 
 she leads us to a lift , but i 'm still watching the flowers over my shoulder . 
 they seem to be tracking us somehow . 
 i do n't know if i find their blank , blind faces lovely or creepy . 
 `` they stand guard , '' vel tells me softly . 
 `` if anyone attempted unauthorized access to the grand administrator 's quarters , the kiss of teeth '' - he uses her words , but i have the sense they are n't precise , much as many ithtorian words and concepts lack a corresponding equivalent in universal - `` would sound the alarm and attack the intruders . '' 
 we step into an oblong tube that seems to give slightly beneath our feet . 
 there is n't room for her escorts , so they pause , making their wa to her in unison . 
 as the lacy lift doors glide shut , i notice that the guardian plants have strange spines all down their trunks-or would that be stems ? 
 i wonder if they 're strong enough to pierce a chitin shell . 
 if they are , they 'd certainly be able to eviscerate a human . 
 i make a mental note to stay out of this part of the complex if i 'm not escorted by otlili herself . 
 there are no windows , giving me the sense there 's not quite enough air for the three of us . 
 i 'm pressed arm to shoulder against vel , registering his hard carapace more than i usually do . 
 the silence grows heavy , laden with unspoken things . 
 it seems as though we ascend for at least five minutes , but i 'm willing to concede that impression might be claustrophobia talking . 
 somehow i manage not to gasp as the doors open at last , revealing the palatial penthouse apartment the grand administrator calls home . 
 her idea of decor differs from mine slightly , but i admire the complex lattices and backless stools that offer the closest thing to furniture i can recognize . 
 otherwise , the place is full of marvels , more living chairs that have been painstakingly woven and cultivated until they take the shape their crafter desires . 
 it bespeaks a vast patience that humanity generally does not possess . 
 the use of glastique-or some equivalent substance-transfixes me . 
 unlike my quarters , which are well swathed , light streams into this room , almost shocking in its brightness . 
 she can see the city spread below her at all times , a 360-degree panorama . 
 her space has n't been divided by doors or arches , either . 
 apparently , she eats , works , and rests all in one location . 
 `` magnificent , is it not ? '' 
 she moves to the front of the apartment and gazes down at the capital as vel translates . 
 i get the feeling she is n't talking about her quarters so much as the municipality sprawled beneath her feet , both figuratively and literally . 
 since she is n't looking at me , i risk a glance at vel , who urges me forward by virtue of a quiet tilt of his head . 
 so i join otliti at the window , hoping she wo n't push me out of it . 
 i do n't see an operating mechanism , but that does n't mean the pane is n't keyed to her touch . 
 `` i am particularly impressed with the architecture . '' 
 since i 'm not sure how she 'll take my observation about outward steel hiding such soft , lush beauty , i decide to leave that unspoken . 
 according to the chip , vel phrases my words as : `` you are powerful builders . '' 
 after a moment , the difference in nuance becomes clear . 
 in my original comment , i complimented an inanimate object . 
 vel switched the focus slightly , addressing its makers . 
 with him on my side , no wonder we 're doing so well . 
 he 's been making the most of everything i say , giving my words the best possible spin . 
 we turn from the wall of windows in unison , inspecting each other . 
 it 's most likely an inappropriate observation at this moment , but i notice that the barbs on her lower abdomen point downward , whereas the male hooks curl upward , giving me a clue regarding ithtorian sexual positions . 
 femme dominant , male on his back . 
 i could have done without that mental image at this moment . 
 stupid unruly brain . 
 for the first time , otlili meets my gaze straight on as if daring me to make a mistake . 
 her eyes glimmer like polished obsidian , hard as if they have been hewn out of some ancient volcano . 
 there is nothing of kindness or compassion in those eyes , nothing of empathy , just the weight of an immense , alien intellect . 
 only the fact that she must find me equally inscrutable offers any consolation . 
 `` i do not like your kind , '' she says baldly . 
 `` no good has ever come when humanity lands on ithiss-tor . '' 
 her gaze goes to vel . 
 `` first when he left with them , destroying so many hopes and dreams , then ... when he returned . 
 we come from a long , proud tradition of hunters who take what we want . 
 i do not like parlaying with a species so weak , they lack all natural defense mechanisms . 
 no fangs , no claws , no armor . 
 just hideous pink flesh . '' 
 she shudders delicately . 
 `` and the way you must augment yourselves by artificial means ? 
 it disgusts me . '' 
 now that 's quite an opening salvo . 
 i 'd like to tell her to f ** k off , but i count to five , manage not to show my teeth , and come up with a diplomatic reply while vel buys me time with his unnecessary restatement . 
 to inspire me , i remember karl fitzwilliam , the worst ambassador in the history of the universe . 
 `` i understand we must seem very different to you , '' i offer with what i think is admirable aplomb . 
 `` that 's why this is such a valuable opportunity for both our peoples . 
 i hope we may come from this alliance with a greater measure of understanding and appreciation . '' 
 i cap the shit with a deep wa . 
 there , take that . 
 though it feels hideously unnatural , i do n't lose my cool . 
 do n't blow my top , or show her my teeth . 
 mary , but i want to get out of here . 
 it 's only been a day , and i 'm dying for grimspace . 
 with attitudes like hers , i think what i said is about as likely to happen as me discovering a cure for jenner 's retrovirus over my morning meal , but i can only do so much . 
 permanent change takes time . 
 `` which brings me to my next point , '' the grand administrator continues . 
 `` though i do not like your people as a whole , i admire your tactics . 
 your strategies have proven sound and effective , winning support where i would have imagined it impossible . 
 since i enjoy seeing a female in a position of power , even among lesser species , i invited you to dine . 
 i believe we have something to discuss . '' 
 i must be careful not to show comprehension too soon , so i merely watch as she raises her arms and wings spread from her back , tissue thin and somehow sensuous , shining with ruby red and glowing gold . 
 in the center , on each side , shines an enormous eye . 
 i 've seen similar displays before in nature , generally designed for threatening off intruders . 
 for pure and lovely exoticism , i do n't think i 've ever seen anything that surpasses otlili . 
 i pay only half attention as vel murmurs her words over again . 
 `` do we ? '' 
 i ask . 
 slowly the grand administrator brings her arms down without collapsing her wings . 
 she crosses them over her thorax , showing me her red-tipped claws . 
 i do n't need vel to point out her rudeness . 
 in fact , from what i recall , her posture borders on aggressive . 
 i find myself gazing at the eye jutting from her wings . 
 `` yes , '' she confirms . 
 `` if you do not take your ship and depart within twenty-four hours , i can not guarantee your safety . '' 
 chapter 22 as conversational gambits go , that 's a hell of a way to start a meal . 
 i 'm not sure whether i 'm being warned or threatened , and she does n't give me an opportunity to inquire . 
 instead , she summons an automated attendant the likes of which i 've never seen . 
 it prepares the food inside what i 'd call its chest cavity , then folds outward to accommodate us as a makeshift table . 
 we eat standing up with a minimum of conversation . 
 no wonder tarn said there would be great interest in their droid technology . 
 this could make the kitchen-mate obsolete . 
 of course , for humans to warm to the brand of tech , we 'll need to throw in a couple of chairs , but i can see the appeal overall . 
 call the bot to make you dinner on the terrace while you lounge , enjoying the sunset . 
 there will be a lot of money in this . 
 while musing on the commercial applications , i taste bits of this and that . 
 i ca n't recognize most of the dishes served in heavy sauce . 
 the food tastes strange and pungent , with a coppery cloy that reminds me of blood . 
 flesh slips down my throat , slick and rubbery . 
 i do n't like it at all , and the silence is n't helping . 
 i suspect she remains quiet to keep me off-balance , knowing i must be thinking about what she 's said . 
 her tactic works like a charm ; i find myself feverishly turning over the possibilities while trying not to watch how the food she devours appears to still be squirming . 
 the ithtorians think humans are disgusting because , among many other offensive habits , we 're also carrion eaters . 
 in our past , we 've feasted on dead flesh , even if now we prefer synthetic proteins . 
 vel 's people find that repugnant , as even now , they like their food fresh to the point of wiggling . 
 finally , the interminable luncheon ends , and otlili seems ready to elaborate on her words . 
 but first i must thank her for the hospitality . 
 `` you have done us great honor , and we feel privileged to be in your company . '' 
 after vel relays my words , she acknowledges this graciously , but that 's not why i 'm here . 
 she can find someone to flatter her , probably much better than me , at any hour of the day . 
 she 's the most powerful person on ithiss-tor , after all . 
 `` you are to be commended for your patience , '' she says then . 
 `` and though i have been favorably impressed with you , ambassador , i can not say my overall opinion of humanity has changed . 
 my people would be irrevocably altered-lessened-should we come into regular contact with your kind . 
 i do not particularly wish any harm would befall you , but ... '' she pauses delicately , the force of a thousand rivers powering words unspoken . 
 `` this alliance will never come to pass . 
 i strongly recommend that you take your team and depart before the matter is put to a vote . '' 
 a threat then . 
 `` i regret that i am unable to comply with your recommendation . '' 
 i wish now that i had n't eaten at her table , but surely she would n't poison me here and now . 
 for all she knew , i might have heeded her warning . 
 a murder attempt in daylight seems a bit precipitous , and the grand administrator is not known for her impulsive nature . 
 she regards me for a moment from eyes that give nothing back , a dark infernal sea teeming with her clever conspiracies . 
 `` not yet , '' she answers with the air of one making a final judgment . 
 `` but you will . '' 
 that sounds like a promise , but if she has her way , i wo n't live to regret my choice too long . 
 i feel strange and dizzy , sick with too much unfamiliar food . 
 vel guides me through the courtesies in departure . 
 i 'm vaguely aware that my wa is not good , but if i bend too low , i might sick up on her rug . 
 what the hell did she serve me ? 
 i want to ask if she slipped me something , but it 's not like anyone would believe me . 
 she could deny ever having me up here . 
 the room blurs , two of everything swimming in a bizarre array of inexplicable colors . 
 once we step into the lift , vel takes my arm , supporting me . 
 `` at least you walked out on your own two feet . '' 
 my tongue feels weird and thick . 
 `` most people do n't ? '' 
 vel sounds grim . 
 `` most are not invited at all . 
 and the ones who are have a history of disappearing . '' 
 i should have known that . 
 why did n't i know that ? 
 i mumble something incomprehensible . 
 the world flickers in and out like a corrupt vid file . 
 belatedly i realize this coincides with my blinking . 
 so i do it three or four times just to test the theory . 
 his mandible works , but there 's a delay , and the chip is feeding me what i think is native rodeisian , except i do n't know that language , so i ca n't understand anything from the weird racket in my brain . 
 i find myself wondering if he 's ever lain down like a good submissive male for sartha . 
 maybe she misses the sex . 
 maybe that 's why she 's still sad he left turns ago ... and why not , i 'd miss him too if he left . 
 but for her , it 's been longer than that , actually - holy shit , is that a giant crab ? 
 no , that 's my foot . 
 we 're at the bottom somehow now . 
 i do n't remember riding down , and we 're facing those bizarre plant soldiers again . 
 do they attack people for leaving without the grand administrator ? 
 i press my spine against the back of the lift . 
 i 'm not going past them . 
 there 's something wrong with those things . 
 their blank faces seem inexpressibly evil , like a white cloth pressed against a madman 's leer . 
 `` come , sirantha . 
 take a step for me . '' 
 i 'm appalled to hear how young and scared my voice sounds . 
 `` no , please do n't make me . '' 
 `` this is what she wants , '' vel says firmly . 
 `` she wants to undo all your work . 
 when people see you acting like a terrified , truculent child , it makes karom 's case . 
 humanity is impulsive and irrational , reckless and unpredictable . 
 you can not gauge their future behavior based on past precedent . 
 so i need you to walk for me . 
 take a step . 
 say nothing . 
 i will take you to your room and look after you . 
 this will not kill you , but you might wish you were dead before nightfall . '' 
 i rein in my irrational terror of the plants long enough to fix on something he 's said . 
 `` she did give me something . '' 
 `` a spice in that blue sauce reacts on human physiology as a powerful hallucinogen . 
 i did not realize until after you had eaten it . 
 i am sorry , sirantha . 
 i fear i have failed you . 
 but if your mission is to succeed , i need you to take a step . 
 just one . 
 come . '' 
 `` you did n't fail me . '' 
 even brain-fuggled , i know that much . 
 i ca n't make myself walk past those plants . 
 i ca n't . 
 so i close my eyes and pretend they 're not there . 
 `` can you lead me ? '' 
 i might have been able to say that to march , once . 
 not anymore . 
 that means vel 's the only person left i trust completely . 
 in answer , he takes my arm . 
 as he asked , i take a step . 
 then another . 
 in comparison with the world zooming in and out of focus , the darkness feels comforting . 
 we 're stopped only once , and vel tells some importunate well-wisher , `` the ambassador is meditating . 
 she will converse with you later . '' 
 glee zings through me . 
 they wo n't know that humans do n't generally amble around with their eyes closed as part of any spiritual regime . 
 still , i 'm relieved when the door to my quarters glides shut behind us . 
 vel guides me to the sloping settee where i listened to mair 's journals last night instead of sleeping , but i ca n't lie down in my ceremonial robes . 
 i 'm afraid i 'm going to hurl all over them . 
 i try to explain that , but the words come out all jumbled . 
 after taking stock of the situation , constance escorts me to the bedroom , where she helps me into what passes for my pajamas . 
 with the best of intentions , she tucks me in , but i do n't want to go to bed because that 'll mean being alone . 
 so i stumble back into the living room . 
 i try to ask how long before this wears off but the question comes out , `` jump weasel wants a dark shooter . '' 
 well , shit . 
 i have n't been this fragged up in turns . 
 hard to believe i used to do this for fun . 
 i do n't like the way the world keeps reinventing itself for my amusement , and i 'm starting to feel really queasy . 
 by fighting it instead of enjoying the show , i 'm no doubt making it worse . 
 vel leads me to the settee again , then kneels beside me , looking into my face . 
 `` it is going to get a lot worse , '' he tells me . 
 `` do you understand that , sirantha ? '' 
 i understand that his right eye is slowly sliding to the side of his head . 
 then it zips down to his neck and keeps going , a sly , saucy little thing that winks at me as it goes . 
 it 's hard for me to keep track of what he 's saying when his face is doing that . 
 i squeeze my eyes shut , and the pressure on my lids gives the darkness a red tinge . 
 i feel his claws rake through my hair , unpinning the mass with constance 's help . 
 `` i will stay with you . 
 do not worry , '' vel says , but he sounds like someone else now , as if his voice has shifted , and if i open my eyes i would see another in his place . 
 then i 'm lost to fever dreams . 
 chapter 23 i have the odd impression i 've been here before . 
 what do they call that ? 
 deja vu . 
 kai snaps his fingers to reclaim my attention . 
 `` i asked if you 're ready twice now . 
 are you all right ? '' 
 i rub my head , which pounds like a class p drum . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 his gaze searches my face . 
 `` i know this is a long haul . 
 do you have a couple more jumps in you before we hit station for some randr ? '' 
 i flash him a grin . 
 `` absolutely . 
 where are we headed again ? '' 
 his fair brows go up , indicating we 've been over this once . 
 `` that 's it , i 'm bouncing a message to command . 
 you 're not - '' `` sure i am . '' 
 i catch his hand before he can call . 
 `` we 're scouting for new beacons to the csom run , then we 're checking one with a weak signal on the way back . '' 
 that sends a little shiver of pride through me . 
 we 're one of only ten teams experienced enough to repair the beacons . 
 it 's not a physical repair so much as a mental adjustment , and we 've only been doing it for six months . 
 without an influx of our energies , linked through the nav com and filtered through me , the beacons would die . 
 other races help , of course-humanity does n't do it alone . 
 kai levels a long look on me . 
 `` you 're acting weird , siri . '' 
 `` i 'm good to go , i swear . 
 we 're in the hot zone ? '' 
 in answer , he powers up the phase drive . 
 we 've chosen a sexy two-seater this time , no messing around with medic or engineer . 
 our co does n't like it when we go off on our own , but payroll approves because they do n't have to cover the extra personnel , so nobody objects formally . 
 i 'll be spending a long time in grimspace this run . 
 mentally , i prepare myself for it as i jack in . 
 kai 's already there and waiting . 
 he welcomes me with a chaotic burst of warmth . 
 i could swim in him like this forever . 
 bits of memory brush me , revealing what he treasures most . 
 there 's such sweetness in him , a candor and simplicity . 
 the ship shudders as we make the leap , passing into grimspace . 
 pleasure spikes through me , as if i 'm taking a hit of my favorite chem . 
 it sings through my veins , echoing the mad whorl of colors outside the view screen . 
 if i had to describe it , i 'd say it 's like entering the heart of a dying star . 
 i close my eyes to the pull and listen to the beacons pulsing . 
 they offer me their locations , and with them , the keys to the universe . 
 from here , i can go anywhere , as long as i know what the echoes mean . 
 over drinks i once gave the analogy that it 's like interpreting sonar for the deaf , and that 's near enough . 
 kai holds the ship steady , waiting for me to parse the pulses and translate them to distance in straight space . 
 i 'm looking for an echo of the csom run , the farthest we 've ever gone . 
 it 's past the outskirts , well beyond the borders of civilized space . 
 beyond the csom run lies the empty cascade . 
 and nobody knows what 's out there . 
 got it ? 
 we wo n't know for sure until we get there . 
 but yes , i 'm all but positive i 've found which beacons mark the csom run . 
 we 'll know when we come out the other side . 
 kai guides us smoothly to where we need to be . 
 colors burn outside the ship , immolating us in the glory of the cosmos . 
 i luxuriate in the feeling , as i never feel more at home than when i 'm right here . 
 leaving is always terrible , as if i 've lost a part of myself that i can never get back . 
 at least not until the next jump . 
 the phase drive hums as we make the leap back . 
 it was a smooth run , no surprises , and i 'm purring with satisfaction . 
 i unplug and check our location on the star charts , then punch the air . 
 the csom run . 
 kai 's green eyes glow with the joy of our shared achievement . 
 `` we did it , siri . 
 nobody 's ever been out here before . '' 
 and here we sit , taking it in . 
 beyond the view screen , threads of red light swirl , kindling the darkness . 
 for a moment i just watch in awed silence . 
 we 're not close enough to be imperiled , thank mary . 
 `` twin planets ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it looks like it , but i 've never seen two so close to a red giant before . '' 
 `` we should log this , take some images , and get out of here . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` agreed . 
 once we check out that last beacon , we can go home . '' 
 kai handles the vid footage . 
 the science corp will have a field day with this . 
 they 're studying the age at which a sun becomes a red giant , and methods to prevent the transformation . 
 personally , i think the credits could better be spent elsewhere , but you never know when a dying world will be willing to pay through the collective nose . 
 i feel sure and strong as we jump again , as if i could do this forever . 
 though i know that 's not true-i 've seen the damage grimspace has done to my colleagues-it does n't feel like it can touch me . 
 without false modesty , i know i 'm the greatest navigator of my time , and i love my life . 
 grimspace reels me in like a lover . 
 i soak in the delight without losing myself to it . 
 beacon 1476-1 needs a look , so we make our way to a spot where i can reach it . 
 there is no distance in grimspace as we conceive of it in straight space , more points of contact from which one world leads to another . 
 i 've entertained the idea that we could access other dimensions from here , but it 's not time to test my theories . 
 not that kai would let me . 
 i would n't , he tells me . 
 humor permeates me . 
 we have a job to do . 
 this beacon is faint and thready , on the verge of going out . 
 since it 's one we use often , that ca n't happen . 
 i reach out to it and find it 's drenched in darkness . 
 the beacon fills my head with alien images , as it always does when we touch them . 
 kai and the nav com keep me anchored while i work , letting the necessary power flow through me . 
 i do n't like being a conduit , but sometimes there 's no choice . 
 it does n't hurt precisely , but i ca n't imagine it 's helping me either . 
 by the time we 're done , the beacon pulses strongly , back in tune with the others . 
 to my mind , the beacons are almost like living musical instruments , full of tones and resonance that take us where we need to go . 
 i 'm tired now , so i locate the one nearest to the station . 
 kai responds , sensing my failing stamina . 
 we push through , and i 'm shaking . 
 repair work takes a lot out of me . 
 the gutter press greets us like conquering heroes . 
 since we filed our report on the way in , they already know about the csom run . 
 we pose for a few minutes , answer some questions , then it 's off to the bar to celebrate . 
 the night blurs into random faces , loud music , and too much liquor . 
 my head pounds as i open my eyes . 
 the decor gives me no clue as to where i am . 
 bunk , wardrober , plain gray walls : it looks like any number of generic stations where i 've been quartered over the turns . 
 a slender hand with long , artistic fingers pushes the hair away from my face . 
 i melt a little , tracing my gaze from his palm to the crook of his elbow , up over his shoulder and onto his dear , beloved face . 
 he wears a tender , amused smile . 
 `` you really tied one on last night , did n't you ? '' 
 kai asks . 
 `` i did n't think you were going to wake up before nightfall . '' 
 happiness sparkles through me . 
 i never get tired of seeing him here when i wake up . 
 but my head really does hurt . 
 i struggle upright , moaning . 
 `` i ... did i really - '' shit . 
 that 's not good . 
 he confirms , `` twice . '' 
 `` did it make the midnight bounce ? '' 
 `` does n't it always ? 
 do n't worry , love , you have a great pair . '' 
 that 's only marginal comfort , given the way i feel . 
 i 'm going to hear about having my tits on the news again from my co. . 
 not looking forward to that conversation . 
 but maybe the csom run will win me some slack . 
 the man does n't seem to have a perceptible sense of humor , so he 'll lecture me on how i have a responsibility to maintain a certain image , uphold the good name of the corp. . 
 it did n't work when my dad used that line on me , so it sure wo n't now . 
 `` how long did we slam ? 
 are we due to jump soon ? '' 
 i ca n't believe it , but i 've totally lost track of time . 
 `` not until tomorrow . 
 we have one more day of randr before we go back on . '' 
 `` any more ` rest , ' and i 'll die , '' i mumble , falling back onto my pillow . 
 he brushes the hair away from my face , whispering , `` do n't even think about it , lovely . 
 there 's no way i could live without you . '' 
 a sweet little spear runs me through . 
 he says it gently , easily , as if there 's no shame in his need . 
 despite my aching head , he can do the craziest things to my heart . 
 after simon , i swore i 'd never let another man matter to me like this . 
 i promised myself i 'd live hard , a different warm body in every port , and refuse to give of myself in any way that mattered . 
 and for the longest time , i did . 
 `` you 're such a sweet talker . '' 
 he shakes his head , fingers threading through my tangled curls . 
 `` nothing 's sweeter than the truth , siri . '' 
 ah . 
 he 's the only one who ever calls me that . 
 at first he did it to irritate me because it 's such a soft little name , and i did n't think it fit me . 
 but slowly , he tamed me to it . 
 i may not be a gentle woman by most standards , but i melt for him . 
 right now , i do it literally as he finds pressure points just beneath the base of my skull . 
 the headache from excess drinking starts to fade . 
 i can actually open my eyes all the way without feeling like daggers of light are slicing through my brain . 
 `` mmm , thanks . 
 you 're the best . 
 what did i ever do to deserve you ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' he says , straight-faced . 
 `` you 're a very bad woman . 
 i just took pity on you and decided to save you from yourself . '' 
 that 's not too far from the truth . 
 after i split with simon , he watched me run wild for months , going through more men than whose names i could remember , before he asked , `` why not me ? 
 you 've tried everyone else in the known galaxy . '' 
 if it had n't been so accurate , i might have taken offense and asked why he 'd even be interested in such a slut . 
 in my mind , he 'd always been off-limits . 
 i mean , we had to work together . 
 and if i screwed things up between us , as i seem to have a knack for , then it would make our job downright awkward . 
 i ca n't even remember why i said i 'd think about it , but i know we wound up drunk that night . 
 maybe he did that on purpose because mary knows , after i 've downed a few , i 'm a sure thing . 
 i smile , as he means me to . 
 `` shower ? '' 
 kai agrees , swinging me up in his arms with a whipcord strength that used to surprise me . 
 he 's not tall , slim rather than muscular , but it would be a mistake for anyone to judge him weak . 
 we fit like interlocking puzzle pieces , and i love him so much it hurts . 
 our relationship did n't start like fire-works , but more of a gradual spark building to a high and steady flame . 
 i never think about losing him . 
 lucky for me , jumpers do n't have to worry about that . 
 we do n't live long enough to grieve , except for each other-and that 's why i stopped making friends among my fellow navigators . 
 after i spoke at the fourth funeral in as many turns , i just did n't have the heart for it anymore . 
 like in all station quarters , the san-shower is small and cramped when you wedge two people into it , but we manage . 
 he 's the only person who ever dares tickle me . 
 it 's a little-known secret that i go mad when you go for my ribs . 
 kai carries me out , clean and squealing , when we 're through . 
 `` feeling better ? '' 
 he asks , brushing his lips across my temple . 
 `` much . 
 what do you want to do today ? '' 
 if he 's correct-and he generally is-this is our last rec day before we go back on rotation . 
 we should make the most of it . 
 he pretends to consider . 
 `` we could spend the day nak * d. '' i raise a brow . 
 `` are n't you tired of me yet ? '' 
 `` never . 
 we still have n't done it upside down or sideways . 
 i could requisition a pair of antigrav boots . '' 
 kai is the only one who ever makes me giggle . 
 `` i 'm not sure this room is big enough to accommodate such ideas . '' 
 `` damn . 
 and imagine the looks we 'd get if we tried to use the sports deck . '' 
 `` well , there is a certain athletic quality to what you 've proposed . '' 
 he shakes his head with mock-sadness . 
 `` but i 'm afraid i never thought of sex as a spectator sport . '' 
 `` so no antigrav boots on the sports deck . 
 where does that leave us ? '' 
 `` together , '' he murmurs . 
 i love the way he wraps me close , chin to shins , and tucks his face into the curve of my throat . 
 he breathes me in as if i 'm as essential to his well-being as oxygen . 
 the day passes in a sweet blur of lovemaking and playful teasing . 
 later , we take a walk on station , hand in hand , and i do n't even care that people mutter jokes as we walk by . 
 yes , we 're a big cliche-pilot and navigator , madly in love . 
 we 're another statistic , another couple who could n't resist the enforced intimacy of jacking in together . 
 i like to think it might have happened anyway , even if we were n't a pilot-jumper pair , but at base , i do n't really care how it happened . 
 i 'm just glad it did . 
 he makes me happy , happier than i can ever remember being . 
 with kai i have a sense of security and equilibrium . 
 his gentle patience keeps me from flying to one extreme or the other . 
 he checks some of my destructive impulses , helps me think before i act ; but i never feel like he 's trying to control me . 
 kai makes a joke , and i laugh , but then i realize he has a point . 
 i stop and think , something i would n't do on my own . 
 we have dinner at the starburst , a restaurant on station whose walls are patterned with the constellations outside . 
 the food is good , the company , exquisite . 
 to my mind , this has been a perfect day . 
 in the morning , we go back to work . 
 we 're supposed to explore a slice of stars in the outskirts , jump from a little-used beacon , and see if we can find anything new out there . 
 this is my favorite part of the job . 
 `` so who do you want from the pool ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` we need a medic and a gearhead . '' 
 `` not watkins . 
 the guy drives me nuts . '' 
 kai draws me close , and i snuggle up , closing my eyes . 
 the insistent beep of his comm annoys me . 
 a bleak feeling comes over me , and i desperately do n't want him to answer it . 
 i even grab his hand to stop him . 
 he frees himself with a puzzled look . 
 `` i have to take it , siri . 
 it 's the co. '' i feel like i 've been hit in the chest with an iron fist . 
 oh , no . 
 no . 
 `` mauro kai here . '' 
 he pauses , listening . 
 i 'd almost forgotten his first name was mauro . 
 i never call him that , though he prefers calling me by my given name . 
 to me , he 'll always be kai . 
 i move , restless . 
 foreboding builds like static in the air before a storm . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 no , it 's no problem at all . 
 we 'd appreciate the extra time off afterward . 
 we 'll be glad to help you out . '' 
 somehow i know what he 's going to say . 
 we 're not going exploratory tomorrow . 
 someone has fallen sick , so we 're taking a passenger vessel , the sargasso , to matins iv instead . 
 a shudder rocks through me . 
 `` we ca n't go . '' 
 i push upright and clutch his shoulders , trying to think of a way to warn him , some way he 'll believe me . 
 `` i had a terrible nightmare about this . 
 i ... dreamed you died , kai . 
 so ... please , humor me . 
 let them find somebody else . 
 when the ship lands safely , you can laugh at me if you want . '' 
 in the half-light , his smile is excruciatingly tender and sad . 
 `` but i did die , siri . 
 i ca n't stay with you here , much as i want to , because you have work to do out there . 
 it 's time for you to wake up , love . '' 
 chapter 24 i awaken , weeping as if my heart will break . 
 it 's like losing him all over again . 
 with her hallucinogenic spice , the grand administrator has done an unspeakably cruel thing . 
 in a long history of being wounded , i do n't think i 've ever hurt so badly when the loss was n't fresh . 
 he did n't just die yesterday . 
 i was n't just in bed with him . 
 he did n't just tickle me in the shower and tell me he ca n't possibly live without me . 
 outside the dream world , his face has started to grow blurry . 
 i ca n't remember his features without looking at them . 
 i can only remember the way he suffered before he died . 
 they built a monument to the sargasso on new terra , for mary 's sake , and it has his name on it . 
 he 's one of the lost now . 
 tears pour down my cheeks unchecked . 
 through the blur of new grief , i see vel and constance hovering . 
 they do n't know what the hell to do with me , it seems . 
 the room smells vaguely of sickness , and mortification joins the awful broil in my stomach . 
 i hope i did n't make too much of a mess . 
 then vel proves he 's learning . 
 he hugs me , claws cradling my shoulders . 
 it 's less awkward than the way he embraced me on lachion . 
 his chitin feels cool and smooth against my overheated skin . 
 before now , it 's not a brand of comfort i would have acknowledged as effective ; but even through his chitin , the contact helps . 
 it 's not an aggressive act . 
 i 'm not his hostage ; i 'm his friend . 
 whatever happens , i do n't doubt that vel cares about me . 
 he must be experiencing scorn and discrimination on levels i ca n't even fathom , but he 's here . 
 i do n't know what to do with my arms , whether i should hug him back or sit quiet . 
 he answers the question by helping me up . 
 `` the worst is over . 
 you may experience a little dizziness , but the bulk has burned through your system . '' 
 calamity averted . 
 nobody important saw me melt down , so i guess that means it never happened . 
 i smile , but the movement hurts , and it 's a parody of what a smile is supposed to signify . 
 `` no , the worst is just beginning . 
 see , i lost him ... again . '' 
 they both pause . 
 my pa is probably searching her files for references to this mysterious `` him . '' 
 then constance touches my hair tentatively , as if testing the idea of contact as an instrument of reassurance . 
 `` i have nothing of value to contribute . 
 my parameters do not expand to encompass loss . '' 
 i 'm sure for her , one human is much like another . 
 mair stopped accessing her files , then i showed up . 
 out with the old , in with the new . 
 right now i half wish she could rewrite my brain to make me more like her . 
 `` forget anything you dreamed while under the influence , '' vel says quietly . 
 `` or it will drive you mad . '' 
 easy for him to say . 
 i 'm utterly humiliated . 
 did i writhe and moan , dreaming of how we made love on our last day together ? 
 my thighs feel sticky , proof of how real the delusion seemed . 
 did constance log my dream-orgasm for later deconstruction ? 
 `` you have one hour before councilor devri 's social event , '' the pa adds . 
 `` i can ready you for the occasion if you permit it . '' 
 ah , what the hell does it matter ? 
 despair washes over me . 
 kai is lost to me , and after last night , i 'm starting to think march might be , too . 
 my fingers brush my throat . 
 all i have left is work , so i need to do my duty ; but the only way i can manage is to turn everything off . 
 compartmentalize . 
 none of this matters . 
 this did n't happen to me . 
 it was some other jax they broke . 
 i stagger toward the san-shower-copied from our design and installed to make us feel more at home-undress , then rinse off the sour stink of fever sweat . 
 since neither vel nor constance cares about nudity , i emerge nak * d and ready for them to pick out my clothes . 
 he 's supposed to escort me anyway . 
 he may as well take a proprietary interest in garbing me appropriately . 
 i already wear his pattern on my skin . 
 for all i know , that means i 'm now his chattel , and he could sell me to the mines if he wants to . 
 mary , when will this ache go away ? 
 i feel like i did back on perlas station , trapped and helpless , with no way to assuage the ache . 
 like a passive doll , i stand quiescent while they do the work . 
 if i had n't promised to attend , i would send excuses-but devri and sharis might take offense-and i can not afford to alienate my few allies . 
 in the glass , i see a remote stranger , pale but well-groomed . 
 the gold robe strikes the only familiar note , but i 'm indifferent . 
 i feel hollow . 
 `` you are now suitable for a diplomatic function , '' constance pronounces . 
 `` good . 
 would you show vel the readings you took at the first summit ? 
 the ones of councilor devri . '' 
 maybe this numbness is a good thing . 
 otherwise , i would have felt embarrassed about grilling vel over sexual matters . 
 now i just wait for him to view the footage constance feeds into the terminal . 
 devri comes up via thermal imaging , and i can see the hot spots right away . 
 vel studies them for a moment , then turns to me . 
 `` he was stimulated by your display of confidence and expertise during the session , '' he confirms . 
 `` if you were ... interested , he would present for you . '' 
 `` really ? 
 why ? '' 
 i do n't even ask what that entails . 
 `` i thought your people found humans disgusting . '' 
 `` in most cases , '' he agrees . 
 `` but a powerful , dominant female lays the most eggs , thus providing the most offspring-and the best chance of dynastic immortality . 
 thus , we are conditioned to be attracted to such displays . 
 in your case , the attraction is more psychological than biological , and for devri , it is apparently strong enough to override your lack of physical beauty . '' 
 `` good to know . 
 i might be able to use that . 
 turn off the feed , constance . '' 
 the pa complies . 
 `` it is good to have my suppositions confirmed . '' 
 i should feel something , knowing one of the bugs would n't mind doing things with me that i ca n't even imagine . 
 shock , revulsion , naughty interest ? 
 but there 's nothing . 
 maybe if i close my eyes , if i go back to sleep , i 'll find kai again . 
 it felt so real . 
 i could n't remember anything of my life as it is now . 
 i went back to before any of this happened . 
 before i lost him . 
 maybe i can get back there . 
 mary knows i want to . 
 but not right now . 
 `` is it time to go ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yes . 
 are you ready , sirantha ? '' 
 vel gazes at me as if in assessment . 
 maybe he wonders if i 'll hold together long enough to show off my wa for sharis and devri . 
 well , i 'll do my best . 
 i want to succeed here . 
 i want to leave something behind that matters when i join kai , so in a hundred turns , people will look at the solid friendship between humanity and the ithtorians and say : ambassador jax did that . 
 seems like a worthy legacy . 
 `` let 's do this . '' 
 my balance feels a trifle unsteady as we walk but nothing disastrous . 
 the jungle wonders of the government complex leave me unmoved for the first time . 
 it seems like a lifetime since we came from the grand administrator 's apartment . 
 we pass through a tunnel that leads to the councilors ' annex . 
 i have the sense of being entombed , but not even my latent claustrophobia can penetrate this thick , lovely veil of numbness . 
 nothing can reach me in here . 
 nothing can hurt me . 
 just before we reach devri 's place , vel stops walking and performs the lowest wa i 've ever seen from him . 
 in a human being , i would take his body language for misery and regret . 
 i 'm not sure i can trust my instincts where he 's concerned , though . 
 being surrounded by his people , i understand better now how alien he is . 
 `` i am sorry , '' he says then . 
 `` i would not have had you suffer like this for worlds . 
 had i known she meant to do this , i would have advised you to reject her invitation regardless of the offense it caused . 
 it is not ... '' he pauses , the vocalizer seeking a word . 
 `` fair . 
 you have been injured enough . '' 
 `` damn few things are fair , '' i answer . 
 `` life has never been one of them . 
 but i appreciate the thought . '' 
 the ice around me gives a little crack , and i do n't want it to . 
 because then i 'll have to feel what 's underneath . 
 jael turns the corner then . 
 he comes toward us at a run , sleek and clad in black . 
 i note that the damage to his face has healed fully . 
 `` trying to leave me behind ? '' 
 i smile . 
 `` i keep trying , but it never works . '' 
 before he can reply , i step forward and let the door scan me . 
 this is one of their technologies i like very much . 
 instead of a door-bot , they simply have a holo-cam that registers the image of anyone who comes within one meter of the door . 
 if you stay still , the door projects your image on the other side , and if your presence is expected or desired , the homeowner lets you in . 
 it 's very quiet and civilized . 
 a few seconds later , we 're admitted to the apartment . 
 devri 's dwelling is different from the grand administrator 's . 
 it 's a full jungle in here , with trailing vines growing from the walls . 
 beneath our feet , the ground gives with each step , a soft loam . 
 the room is heavy and damp , a little warm for my tastes , and redolent with the perfume of blooming flowers that taste syrup sweet on my tongue when i inhale . 
 looks like the party is in full swing . 
 i recognize a number of ithtorians from the merchant summit . 
 devri immediately breaks away from a female to come greet us . 
 `` so glad to see you . '' 
 he executes a lovely wa , and i remember the hot spots on his lower abdomen . 
 i wish i could interpret body language as vel does . 
 maybe it would tell me whether devri has wicked intentions . 
 still , this should be interesting . 
 chapter 25 devri exerts himself to be charming . 
 through vel , he shares amusing anecdotes about the way the tide can turn in any business deal , no matter how secure the investment seems . 
 i must admit , he 's good company . 
 i acquit myself fairly well for someone who did n't know what day it was three hours ago . 
 jael stands quietly by my side ; but since i know what to look for , i can tell he 's on guard . 
 after half an hour or so , devri asks , `` i need to talk to velith for a moment . 
 do you mind ? '' 
 i gather he needs a private moment . 
 he ca n't be asking for that because he 's worried about me overhearing , so it must be the others he 's concerned about . 
 it 's probably related to the conspiracy i overheard yesterday , or maybe devri knows about the grand administrator 's threat . 
 vel should give me a full report when he returns . 
 so i give my blessing , and they leave the living area . 
 the world has a strange distance , as if i am in it but not part of it . 
 ithtorians give me a wide berth as if my soft skin might be contagious . 
 if i stay here long enough , i might internalize their opinion that my unarmored flesh is monstrous . 
 i already feel raw and vulnerable , as if i 'm revealing parts of myself that ought to be covered . 
 i fight the urge to cover my bare arms , taking comfort in the scars that thicken my fragile skin . 
 what kind of creatures are humans anyway ? 
 we lack claws or fangs ; we have no natural defense mechanisms . 
 when i consider , it does seem wrong , like we went awry somewhere on the evolutionary ladder . 
 i 'm used to the sounds of ithtorian language : the clicks and chitters do n't strike me as strange or alien now that i 'm able to understand them . 
 jael sets his hand on my arm . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 `` other than being drugged , forced to experience painful hallucinations , and threatened with death ? 
 yeah , i 'm great . '' 
 his whole body goes taut . 
 `` who threatened you ? '' 
 `` the grand administrator . 
 what 're you going to do about it ? '' 
 his icy gaze searches mine , verifying that i 'm serious . 
 then he says , very softly , `` i could kill her . '' 
 he means it . 
 being bred means he 's not subject to the same limitations as other men . 
 for a moment , i 'm sickly tempted . 
 if she 's removed , and they do n't trace it back to us , maybe someone more amenable to our cause would be appointed . 
 but no , it 's too big a risk , and i ca n't unleash jael here . 
 he 's like a double-edged sword . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no . 
 that 's not the way to go . 
 but ... i appreciate the offer . '' 
 `` i 'll do whatever it takes to keep you safe . 
 i 'll alert the others to the danger as well . '' 
 by his expression , he 's preparing to lecture me about march some more . 
 holding up a hand , i forestall that gambit . 
 `` not right now , please . 
 i 'm still feeling a little fragile . '' 
 it 's a painful admission , and i hope to mary he does n't ask why . 
 his frost blue eyes search my face , then his face softens . 
 `` you look like i felt , the time they told me what i was . '' 
 my heart skips a beat . 
 this is the first time he 's referred to being bred in more than a flippant sense . 
 there 's real emotion here , and i do n't know what to do with it . 
 `` how old were you ? '' 
 `` in biological terms ? 
 twelve . 
 but they accelerated our development , so i do n't know exactly how old i am . '' 
 `` there were more of you ? '' 
 i try to keep my tone gentle . 
 he nods . 
 `` i came from a pod of ten . 
 i thought they were my brothers and sisters until that moment . 
 they raised us creche-style , and let us believe we were orphans . 
 they wanted to reduce the risk of madness and other disorders . 
 even so , it did n't entirely work . 
 seven of us died before reaching maturity . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` do n't be . 
 it was the experiments that came afterward , not the revelation . 
 some of them did n't have a very high tolerance for pain . '' 
 `` i 'm surprised they let you go . '' 
 a cold little smile twists his mouth . 
 `` they did n't . '' 
 there are so many questions i could ask , but sharis comes up to us , offers a wa that inexplicably reminds me of the ocean , then chatters as if he 's been drinking , forgetting i 'm not supposed to understand a word he says . 
 `` what has happened to velith ? 
 it is most impolite of him to leave you with only this worthless soft-skin for escort . '' 
 i regard him with a polite , blank expression , trying not to reveal comprehension or amusement at his assessment of jael . 
 `` my apologies . '' 
 he bows again , talking more to himself this time . 
 `` i occasionally forget you belong to one of the subspecies . 
 sometimes you almost seem smarter than a cave beast , but that must be il-nok 's influence . 
 he remains well-spoken even after so many turns away . 
 just think of what he might have achieved . '' 
 never have i resented this chip so much . 
 i ca n't show interest , ca n't indicate that i want him to keep talking . 
 the noises he makes with jaw , mandible , and throat are supposed to be a meaningless cacophony to me . 
 he falls silent , standing with me out of a desire to be courteous , i suspect . 
 his presence keeps anyone else from approaching , so they content themselves with staring . 
 sharis seems to be watching the door , waiting for someone . 
 when the door projects an image of mako , he perks visibly . 
 his departing wa says he ca n't wait to talk to her . 
 jael does n't pursue the other conversation . 
 quietly brooding , he keeps an eye on things , alert to movement all around me . 
 a low hum emanates from the walls . 
 i think it might be music . 
 their claws twitch as if in time to some beat i ca n't quite hear . 
 it 's like they 're all playing the same instrument , eerily in cadence . 
 no sign of sartha . 
 definitely no sign of karom . 
 this is n't his kind of party , not with the filthy soft-skins wandering around like they own the place . 
 the guests seem to be on the young , radical side . 
 they 're all for progress . 
 two merchants i recognize from this morning watch me from across the room . 
 one is tall and tawny ; his companion is smaller with a parti-colored thorax . 
 neither wears the marks of notable achievement , but i think it 's a measure of their youth rather than failure . 
 their talk washes over me , bits of speculation . 
 `` do you think she has accepted him as a full partner ? '' 
 one asks . 
 `` unlikely , '' the other answers . 
 `` even if he chose exile over life in the mines , the son of nok would never sink so low . 
 he might be mad , but he is not depraved . '' 
 vel ? 
 mad ? 
 could this relate to his lack of conformity to expected societal roles ? 
 for the first time since awakening , i feel a flicker of interest , but i ca n't move closer . 
 it would look odd if i sought out a particular conversation without my handler 's guidance . 
 `` can you imagine ? '' 
 the first marvels . 
 `` being so alone , no house to which i might bring glory , no mate to share my success . 
 i think i would prefer death . '' 
 `` you are not known for your bravery , kalid . '' 
 `` it would not require bravery to have you killed . '' 
 `` so you have claimed , more than once . 
 and yet here i am . '' 
 `` one day , arqut , you will push me too far . '' 
 `` unlikely . 
 you need me too much . '' 
 now i remember what role they played in the meeting . 
 arqut and kalid have partnered in a new consortium devoted to starship technology . 
 they 're interested in improving the phase drive , something nobody has attempted in hundreds of turns . 
 every spacefaring race uses this technology for long hauls . 
 in fact , the plans were waiting for us in ancient ruins we unearthed on our moon . 
 interestingly enough , the same thing has happened to all species in some form or another . 
 if not their moon , then they found the data sealed in some forgotten subterranean city , in a grand , dusty ziggurat or a jungle-covered pyramid . 
 it is as if the information has been seeded for us , hidden until we were advanced enough to know what to do with it . 
 no species has succeeded in updating the original schematic , however . 
 without fail , alterations to the core design have resulted in dreadful accidents and excruciating death . 
 after a while , we gave up trying to make it better ; we just accepted what we 'd been given . 
 so it 'll be interesting to see what these two can accomplish , assuming the alliance goes forward . 
 before now , there 's been no reason to focus on star-tech since the ithtorians are so xenophobic . 
 they 've been content with what happens on their own world up until this point , but kalid and arqut hope to make a fortune on the cutting edge . 
 with so much powerful opposition , i do n't give good odds on their success . 
 that 's too bad because they have invested their personal fortunes in this endeavor . 
 they 're bright-eyed and idealistic , convinced they can improve the ancient technology . 
 an idea begins to germinate as i listen to them bicker . 
 by the time vel comes back , it 's a full-blown plan . 
 `` i have much to tell you , '' he says . 
 `` for obvious reasons , it should wait until we are alone , but ... suffice to say , i learned much of interest from our friend devri . 
 he has been briefly detained . 
 he asks that you enjoy the party in his absence . '' 
 the concept of friendship is a human one , not natural to the ithtorians , so this will be a most intriguing conversation . 
 apparently i can still be engaged intellectually , even though my emotions seem to be shrouded in layers of ice . 
 i agree with a nod that the discussion will keep , fixing my gaze on the merchants opposite us . 
 `` let 's renew our acquaintance . '' 
 i nod at kalid and arqut . 
 `` can you come up with something suitably flattering ? '' 
 vel answers , `` i believe my skills are adequate for the task . '' 
 he leads the way across the room . 
 their mandibles move in what i take to be astonishment at being singled out like this . 
 `` the ambassador wishes me to convey her admiration for your incisive questions this morning . 
 she recalls the two of you as being particularly astute . '' 
 that works . 
 filtered through vel , the conversation is stilted at first , but that 's all right . 
 i 'm just laying the foundation right now . 
 curious , a few other merchants gather around us . 
 within minutes , i identify them as potential investors who want to hear the human ambassador opine regarding the consortium 's chances of financial success . 
 `` with such fine minds like kalid and arqut at the helm , '' i say in measured tones , `` i would ordinarily expect a brilliant future . '' 
 the pause is deliberate , and my audience is n't immune to the implied `` but . '' 
 `` what causes your qualms ? '' 
 an obliging bug asks . 
 i glance at vel , feigning a conspiratorial exchange . 
 he does n't know what i 'm doing , but he plays along , inclining his head . 
 good man ... er , bug . 
 whatever . 
 my hands twist together before me as i try to project an anxious quality . 
 `` i do not know whether they will have the opportunity to pursue this venture , '' i whisper at last . 
 `` if it comes to a vote , i have no doubt the alliance will pass , but i fear it may not reach the council to be decided officially . 
 i have been given to understand that those items proposed , which the grand administrator does not personally support , have a way of being tabled . 
 she gave me this information at a private luncheon . '' 
 jael flashes me an approving grin . 
 `` well played . '' 
 shock rocks through vel as he realizes what i 'm doing . 
 nonetheless , he restates my words in even more cagey terms . 
 by informing the merchants of her threat against my person , i alert them to the potential loss of revenue . 
 money is power , especially here , and more than one ruler has been deposed because she mucked with the profit margins of those who put her on the throne . 
 they can decide what , if anything , they want to do about this . 
 i 'm not at all surprised when arqut and kalid make their excuses , execute a grateful wa , and depart early . 
 i suspect they 're going to be talking to colleagues , alerting them to the possibility that the human ambassador wo n't survive long enough to see the job done . 
 jael excuses himself before the party 's done . 
 i think even my bodyguard ca n't stomach too much of this despite what tarn is paying him . 
 `` you 'll be safe enough with vel , '' he whispers . 
 `` but comm me if you need anything ? '' 
 i nod . 
 intrigue is exhausting . 
 by the time we leave the party , i decide i could sleep for a week . 
 i have the funny feeling , though , that if vel could smile , he would be doing so now . 
 `` that was inspired , '' he says as we walk back to my quarters . 
 `` a masterful strategy , i might even dare say ... ithtorian . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` so i 'm becoming more like you , even as you become more like me ? '' 
 his steps still . 
 `` no , sirantha . 
 i am no true ithtorian , as anyone would tell you . '' 
 `` i do n't want anyone to tell me . 
 i 'd rather you did . '' 
 vel hesitates so long that i think he 's going to refuse . 
 and then : `` very well . 
 perhaps it is time i told someone . '' 
 accessing archive footage ... omni news net : special bulletin-outpost 8 you are about to receive an update intended for adults : children under the age of fifteen should not view the following images . 
 it is not our intention to glorify violence , merely update our viewers . 
 if you have any serious medical conditions , you may wish to have your ai screen this story . 
 omni news net is not responsible for any psychic , emotional , or spiritual damage incurred by the following bounce broadcast . 
 ext. . 
 outpost 8-twilight smoke rises from the settlement , indicating heavy-weapons discharge . 
 corpses litter the ground , savagely devoured and dismembered . 
 there are no signs of life except for the man facing the vid . 
 kevin stands outside the outpost , head bowed in mournful silence . 
 at last he raises his eyes , his expression reflecting absolute horror . 
 kevin i 'm here in the aftermath of the attack . 
 this is one of the oldest human settlements in the outskirts , named for the order in which the colonies were founded . 
 these settlements speak to our determination and our refusal to accept limitations . 
 where other locales took on names , outpost 8 kept its numerical designation as a sign of pride . 
 longevity does n't come easy when you live out on the frontier , but these people were an example to all of humankind . 
 now , the laughter is silenced , and their machines work no more . 
 more than a thousand people lost their lives here . 
 two days past , their call for aid went unheeded . 
 right now you 're seeing what happens when the establishment fails . 
 the morgut took this outpost , but they do not possess any capacity for mercy . 
 outpost 8 was a haven for traders and spacers ; they were peaceful and offered no defense . 
 kevin moves through the carnage . 
 he pauses beside the remains of a small child . 
 her flesh is torn and bloody , great chunks of meat missing from her corpse . 
 she lies apart from the other bodies that litter this hopeless , hellish landscape . 
 kevin her face will live forever as part of this atrocity . 
 i ask you , what can we do ? 
 what hope can we offer in the face of such incomprehensible barbarism ? . 
 end-archive-footage . 
 chapter 26 my quarters are dim and silent when we return . 
 somehow it fits the somber mood that has fallen between us . 
 if somebody had told me i would come to care so much about the bug that hunted me nearly to my death , i would have said they were crazy . 
 but friendship comes in many sizes and shapes , sometimes in weird wrapping . 
 constance normally sits at the terminal in sleep mode , locked in an eerie facsimile of sleep . 
 i 've told her she can shut down when she 's satisfied with her day 's work ; if i need her , i will activate her manually . 
 that eliminates the need to explain that she 's not always a welcome eavesdropper . 
 i have strange guilty twinges over this . 
 tonight , she 's nowhere to be found . 
 i do n't worry overmuch over that , however , as i want to hear what vel has to say . 
 her company , artificial as it is , could only inhibit his unexpected decision to share . 
 by tacit agreement we pass from the living space , beyond the glastique glitter of the cityscape . 
 i curl up on the bed without changing from my ambassadorial gear and wait for him to begin . 
 vel stands half in shadow , staring out . 
 i wonder if he sees anything at all , or if the view has become superimposed with something else , if he sees ghosts in the glass as i do . 
 `` as you know , '' he says at last , `` i am the offspring of a politician named nok . 
 what i did not tell you-though you may have already learned this via gossip by now-is that at the time of my birth , she served as grand administrator . 
 she expected great things from her progeny , and she ruled her brood with an iron claw . '' 
 he pauses , as if remembering and sorting his memories to best relate them . 
 i feel as though i 'm being granted a secret , sacred glimpse at the core of him . 
 i have n't been this near to the real vel since we huddled together in an icy cave , half-convinced that day would be our last . 
 `` do you mean she did n't care what you wanted ? '' 
 i draw my knees up to my chest , studying him in the half-light . 
 vel is a bizarre amalgam of the alien and the familiar , soaked with shadow . 
 his eyes glitter strangely , taking the light as a human 's never would . 
 i consider inviting him to sit down ; there 's a chair by the window , but he 's surely comfortable enough in my presence that he does n't need to be set at ease . 
 his posture radiates a tension that runs through him like a poison , which can only be purged through confession . 
 `` she cared only what was expected , '' he says , after consideration . 
 i notice he refers to her in the past tense . 
 `` is she - '' `` deceased ? '' 
 he supplies . 
 `` yes . 
 many turns ago now . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 go on . '' 
 i remember how my questions made him tighten up before , so i resolve not to interrupt him anymore . 
 `` my youth was like any other , '' he continues . 
 `` i was educated in an upper-class creche with a focus on diplomacy and politics . 
 from an early age , i knew they expected me to follow in my mater 's footsteps , though as a male i had one strike against my chances of taking up her mantle as grand administrator . 
 `` but i was never interested in what they wanted me to learn . 
 the process by which we added honor to our chitin intrigued me from the moment i saw one of nok 's assistants return with xanthic stripes for some accomplishment . 
 at first , they encouraged my interest because they took it as a sign i wanted to learn how to accrue my own face for personal achievement . 
 they thought me ... ambitious . '' 
 his pause suggests a subtle melancholy , a desert of the spirit full of remembered sand and bone . 
 `` instead , you were interested in the art of it , '' i guess aloud quietly . 
 `` in the colors and patterns , lines and shapes . '' 
 he inclines his head . 
 `` nok was appalled when she realized what fascinated me so . 
 such endeavors bring no honor to a house . 
 the work of hands remain the dominion of the lowborn , those who have no training in the use of higher intellect . 
 if i pursued such a path , i would shame my family as surely as an admission of infirmity or impairment . 
 after all , we do not adorn ourselves for pleasure . '' 
 i scowl . 
 `` humans do . 
 on gehenna , there are entire studios devoted to the beautification of the body via graphic art . '' 
 `` that is merely another argument against the practice , '' vel tells me gently . 
 `` you are primitive beasts , only a few short millennia removed from drawing on cave walls . '' 
 that does n't seem like a fair criticism . 
 ithtorians live a lot longer than we do . 
 but i know he does n't share his people 's bias , or he would n't be here with me in the first place . 
 `` so what happened ? '' 
 `` i studied secretly for a time . 
 learned how to mix the acid wash from the house artisan , how to structure the rank signs , and how to apply the ink . 
 he knew my interest was inappropriate , but those of low caste do not argue with their superiors , even if the instructions are wrong . '' 
 that makes me perk up . 
 `` and do you believe yourself superior , based on who laid the egg that hatched you ? '' 
 vel answers seriously . 
 `` i am the product of one of the oldest , finest houses ... and yet i am also proof that lines do not always breed true . 
 some offspring are fundamentally flawed , askew from the standard . '' 
 i have the feeling he does n't mean `` standard '' exactly , that the chip has failed to translate for me precisely . 
 `` you say that like it 's a bad thing . '' 
 `` they do not prize individuality , '' he says then . 
 `` that is a human trait . 
 they prize achievement that enriches the collective within our birth-given strata . '' 
 i get that . 
 `` you defied your heritage to be an artist , just like i did in becoming a jumper . 
 my parents expected other things from me , too . '' 
 `` it was , perhaps , a little more complex . '' 
 at last he moves from the window , seating himself in a movement that seems more hinged and alien than when he wears faux-human skin . 
 i still marvel at that ability ; his people can excrete a substance they shape into the ultimate camouflage , giving them any appearance they wish . 
 he goes on , `` when i was betrayed-as is inevitable-my behavior so shamed nok that her existing rank was stripped from her . 
 by my transgressions , i stole two turns of work from her . '' 
 i wince . 
 `` and they removed her colors ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the stark response illuminates how much the impact of that still resonates with him across the turns . 
 `` oh , vel . '' 
 i can only imagine the shame . 
 `` nok told me then-i could go into politics as befitted my station-or she would have me killed . 
 she made sure i understood that she had plenty of other males to carry on her genetic legacy , which is officially propagated through her female offspring . '' 
 the chip ca n't begin to encompass the intensity of what he 's relating , so the toneless translation that echoes in my head underscores the somber moment . 
 `` is that when they arranged a match for you with sartha ? '' 
 `` partnership , '' he corrects . 
 `` but yes . 
 it was decided i needed a female to guide me , as my judgment was so clearly debased . 
 i went into politics , as they wanted . 
 i climbed the ranks , but i was forbidden to have my carapace imprinted with my achievements for twenty turns . '' 
 he considers this for a moment . 
 `` it was a light penalty , all things considered . 
 they could have judged me a lunatic and sent me to the mines . 
 without nok , they doubtless would have . 
 if i had disappointed her again , she would have disposed of me quietly . '' 
 ah , mary . 
 i want to hug him , but i 'm not sure if he would take comfort in it . 
 to hell with it , i tell myself . 
 customs and proscriptions do n't apply between friends . 
 he can push me away if he does n't like it . 
 i leave my seat silently and wrap an arm around him . 
 there 's room for me to sit beside him , so i perch there . 
 if he wants to put some distance between us , i wo n't resist . 
 the problem is , i 'm just not sure what he needs . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , vel . '' 
 maybe words can make a difference , this once . 
 `` so you see , '' he goes on , as if i have n't spoken , have n't moved . 
 `` i am not a model of my species . 
 i am the worst they have to offer , and i was so ... other among my own kind that when the first human delegation landed-when i was on the cusp of being named grand administrator-i ran rather than face a lifetime of quiet desperation . '' 
 i think about how to respond for a moment . 
 `` maybe you 're not what nok wanted or expected in her offspring . 
 maybe you 're different from other males , but that does n't mean you lack value . 
 i 'd be dead many times over if i was n't lucky enough to know you . '' 
 is that enough ? 
 this kind of stuff does n't come easily to me . 
 i do n't like talking about my feelings , and it 's hard for me to tell people they 're important to me , sometimes until it 's too late . 
 then i can only whisper into the great beyond , hoping they can somehow hear me through aching dark , saying : i miss you . 
 i cared about you . 
 you mattered . 
 i hope march knows that , if nothing else . 
 `` the stench of failure will cling to me always . '' 
 there is a bleak finality to those words , as if he can never forgive himself for what he is not , no matter what the grace or beauty or strength of what he has become . 
 the dark binds us and hides our sins . 
 i do not ask him to go away when i curl up on my lonely bed . 
 tonight vel is a celestial body whose light yields no warmth . 
 as i stare , sleepless , into silence , i see us trapped together across the turns in tents and caves and starships , two together ... alone . 
 he sits vigil beside me , distant as a glimmering star . 
 chapter 27 the dark breaks wide in fragile rays . 
 dawn on ithiss-tor is more subtle than other sunrises . 
 i have lost count of the worlds where i have stood and watched the light rise , peeling away the sky , sometimes in quiet colors , and sometimes in raw , violent slashes , as if the goddess i do n't believe in has cut her veins . 
 and sometimes , as on gehenna , the sky changes not at all , just endless night , or endless brilliance-and after a time , the constant uniformity makes you feel as if you are the thing that must give way . 
 i feel like that now . 
 i sense a breaking point fast approaching , and then things will be different ever after . 
 vel left at some point . 
 i must have slept , although i have no recollection of doing so . 
 i wish i knew how to comfort him for the failure he wears writ in invisible ink on his bare chitin . 
 his lack of color shames him as scars from prison manacles might a human . 
 yet he seems so sure and confident in most regards , so maybe it 's just the strain of being here . 
 there 's an argument for wrapping up quickly . 
 the last thing i want to do is cause vel more pain . 
 in a few hours , i will have obligations . 
 i 'll be expected to answer questions , allay doubt , and make myself amiable to our supporters . 
 right now it 's time for me to do something for myself . 
 so i cross to the door that connects my quarters to march . 
 i have n't passed through since our arrival on planet , too afraid of the worst , but really , the worst has already happened . 
 there is nothing left to fear . 
 he ca n't remember how it feels to love me . 
 and each time , that awareness hits me in a deep , raw place , too bleak for tears . 
 it 's an ache for which i have no name because i have never lost a love like this before . 
 jumpers are n't equipped to deal with loss . 
 we 're wired for the thrill of exploration ; we 're not known to be steadfast . 
 and yet i find my palms pressed against the smooth veneer of the door , longing for my lover with a ferocity that does not ebb . 
 i want him back . 
 if i have to tame him like a savage beast , i will find the patience . 
 and if i have to teach myself to perform some mysterious mental surgery , then i will do that , too . 
 so i gather my courage ; it hangs in tatters after our last encounter , not because he hurt me but because i know deep down it damaged him more . 
 he is a creature gone feral , having forgotten the scent and direction of home . 
 the door between us slides open when i touch the pad . 
 it gives me hope that he has n't keyed it against me yet . 
 maybe he has n't altogether accepted the notion he 's broken beyond repair . 
 like me , he can not sleep . 
 he does not turn when i step through , but i sense his awareness in a subtle shift of his posture . 
 `` how bad is it ? '' 
 that much has not changed at least . 
 i can still taste his meaning from a sparse handful of words , based on my knowledge of how his mind works . 
 i shrug . 
 `` no permanent harm . '' 
 `` not this time . 
 that 's why we need to stay away from each other , jax . '' 
 he pauses , fingertips tapping some quiet pattern against his thighs . 
 the low tone of his voice hides a wealth of despair , like dark water over jagged rock . 
 `` there 's no coming down from the ledge this time . 
 and i do n't want you caught in the blast radius when i blow . '' 
 my smile feels taut and uneasy . 
 `` you talk like you 're packed full of timed explosives . '' 
 `` that 's not a bad analogy . '' 
 `` no ? 
 i happen to disagree . 
 in my opinion , it 's terrible . '' 
 he looks so weary that it breaks my heart . 
 i can tell he 's not sleeping any better than i am , though for different reasons . 
 `` what do you want , jax ? '' 
 you . 
 i do n't say it aloud , but this is march , which means i do n't need to . 
 an icy prickle tells me he 's brushed my thoughts with a helpless compulsion he can not control any more than i can stop longing for him . 
 we 're like magnets with an opposite charge . 
 no matter how we fight it-and i did in the beginning because i was n't nearly ready for him-we ca n't resist the pull . 
 i remember our first time , the impassioned tension of his face as i rode him . 
 if i close my eyes , i could find all his scars with my fingertips . 
 i remember my fierce euphoria at finding him whole in the gunnar-dahlgren underground . 
 we took each other with teeth and tongues and ravenous relief . 
 a shudder rocks through him . 
 `` i swear you 're trying to drive me crazy ... and it 's a short haul . 
 remind me how great the sex was , then tell me we ca n't have any unless i can say ' i love you ' and mean it . '' 
 put that way , it does sound cruel . 
 `` i used to have no problem with meaningless sex , '' i say quietly . 
 `` but then i fell in love with kai , and he taught me there could be more . 
 then ... too soon after i lost him , i met you . 
 i did n't want to want you . 
 i did n't want you to fit me . '' 
 he stares at me silent as a stone . 
 `` i just wanted to grieve , but you kept pushing until i realized that i 'd never stop aching unless i opened up to you all the way . 
 so here i am , begging - '' my voice breaks , so i try again . 
 `` begging you not to give up . 
 begging you to keep trying . 
 because i do n't think i 'm strong enough to survive losing you . 
 i 'm at the wall over this , and i do n't have anything left . '' 
 there it is , my soul laid bare . 
 it 's a raw , ugly thing , covered in half-healed wounds , and i 've placed it at his feet . 
 now he can stomp me into nothingness , get his own back for the way i nearly broke his heart once before . 
 but if he does that , we 've lost everything , and i will have no choice but to admit it . 
 march says nothing . 
 i 'd rather crawl over broken glass than admit this stuff to him , particularly when his face in profile offers as much softness as a titanium pylon . 
 i struggle onward , drowning in his silence . 
 `` go on and read me . 
 i know you said i 'm the strongest person you 've ever known , but even durable metal has a breaking point . 
 there 's too much riding on this mission , too much weight , and i need you - '' `` shut up , jax . '' 
 does his tone sound tender or impatient ? 
 i 've lost all ability to judge . 
 he sits forward then , elbows on knees . 
 `` can you say you 're not afraid of me ? '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' i answer promptly . 
 `` you did n't mean to hurt me . 
 no matter what nightmare had you trapped , you were n't fighting me in it . '' 
 his teeth glint like bone in a smile that holds no sweetness or joy . 
 `` is that a hint ? 
 would you like to take a walk through my nightmares and plant flowers along the way ? '' 
 `` you do n't know me very well if you can say that with a straight face , '' i bite out . 
 `` no , baby . 
 i 'd like to wade in there with my steel-toed boots on and kick the shit out of anyone or anything that hurts you . '' 
 `` that 's my girl . '' 
 the words slide out of him with a sound so faint i might have imagined them . 
 but i did n't . 
 unbelievable joy rockets through me . 
 he said it , and now he 's looking at me dead on with a question in his eyes . 
 the answer will always , always be yes . 
 `` damn right . '' 
 `` mother mary , '' he breathes . 
 `` how you shine . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` the light is yours . 
 right now you ca n't see it because you sit in shadow , but all i do is reflect you . '' 
 that does n't sound like anything i 'd say or even think , but it 's true . 
 on my best day , i 'm not a thinker . 
 i 'm a boiling pot of impulses and snap judgments . 
 now that i know about my unique genetic heritage , i tell myself grimspace blazes in my dna , inciting me to extremes . 
 unlike other jumpers , i was conceived in grimspace , a happy quirk of my mother 's quest for greater thrills . 
 doc thinks that exposure rewrote my dna , resulting in a mutation that allows me to heal the grimspace damage that destroys other navigators . 
 but not me . 
 i endure , and i flail , and i inflict collateral damage with my dangerous impulses . 
 so maybe this chip has made me more able to articulate my private convictions . 
 or maybe the shift has been a long time coming . 
 nothing stays the same , not even me ; all metals can be melted and refined . 
 his eyes close , his lush lashes making extravagant fans against the blades of his cheekbones . 
 i can sense he 's thinking hard , on the edge of something big . 
 i just hope it does n't break my heart . 
 at last , breath slips out of him in a little sigh . 
 march stands then , as if he 's made a difficult decision . 
 `` you really want to know what i dream about ? 
 i 'll show you . '' 
 dread sluices down my spine . 
 i ca n't imagine how bad this will get , but i fix a smile on my face . 
 `` come then , '' i whisper , beckoning . 
 he takes me . 
 a wall of ice rears up inside my head . 
 two separate things struggle in one space . 
 then he and i merge into ... we . 
 and it begins . 
 chapter 28 the stench of rotten meat pervades everything . 
 there 's a cloying , coppery tinge to the air that tells me i 've stepped into a charnel house . 
 the dead are everywhere , piled so high now i can scarcely pass through the tunnel . 
 my boots squelch in dead flesh that 's devolved into organic sludge as it rots away from the bone . 
 my first impulse is to turn and run , but i 'm not alone in this , and the other half of me-the march half-knows that he has to finish the job . 
 there are more to kill . 
 shit , i recognize this place . 
 while it shares certain infernal , subterranean traits associated with the mythic depiction of hell , i 've been here before-and not just emotionally . 
 when we walked out of the gunnar-dahlgren underground base , i 'd thought myself lucky to be alive . 
 i had no idea what i was leaving march to face alone , or i would n't have gone . 
 i 'd have fought harder , begged him not to stay . 
 i think i 'd have done anything to prevent him from going through this . 
 his grim determination overwhelms my nausea , and we move forward . 
 footsteps behind tell me we 're not alone . 
 i ride his memory , unable to impact the events . 
 we trek through the dark stone passages , rooting out pockets of resistance . 
 most of the mcculloughs that have gotten trapped down here are wounded and starving . 
 that does n't alter march 's resolve . 
 they are the enemy , and they must die . 
 he kneels beside a young soldier , whose enormous eyes glitter in the torch-tube someone shines down on him . 
 his face is all sharp angles , a geometric study in atrocity . 
 he tries to form a word through parched lips . 
 `` please . '' 
 though i do n't want to see what 's coming , i ca n't look away , tied to march as i am . 
 he wo n't give the order to someone else . 
 the blood will be on his hands . 
 he draws a knife from its sheath on his thigh . 
 the soldier sees what 's coming , i think , because he tries to crawl away . 
 his limbs wo n't hold him , and he collapses . 
 march rolls him over , his motions economical and precise . 
 with a monstrous mix of resignation and expertise , he holds the head steady and jams his knife up through the man 's chin . 
 the jawbones guide the blade into his brain , and death is nearly instantaneous . 
 someone weeps nearby , a low and broken sound . 
 men should never sound like that . 
 even as i register the thought , we move forward-and with a smooth motion , march silences the sobbing . 
 again and again he uses the knife to put down these men with no more hesitation than i would show in shooting a rabid animal . 
 with each execution , i feel his detachment growing until he 's like a small boat bobbing in the middle of a vast and trackless sea . 
 we push forward . 
 find two more makeshift encampments full of desperate men . 
 they 're too weak to fight , and some of them beg for their lives . 
 they promise to move off world , severing all ties to kith and kin . 
 march is implacable . 
 one by one , they die . 
 i understand the idea in theory . 
 he 's making an example of clan mccullough , teaching the others what will befall them if they come after gunnar-dahlgren . 
 that sounds smart in the abstract , but when a human being kneels before you , begging for mercy-and finds none , well . 
 you can imagine what it 's like . 
 behind us , his company moves in silence , just booted feet against the rock . 
 are they glad to see their enemies crushed or tired and heartsick as i am , just from the relatively brief time i 've spent in march 's memories ? 
 i do n't know how he 's not entirely a monster . 
 doubtless he 'd argue that he is . 
 in the distance , i hear the eerie sonic shrieks of feeding teras-and the resultant howls of the men they 're devouring . 
 it feels like an eternity before the death cries go quiet ... but that 's worse . 
 i want to turn and look at the clansmen at our backs , wondering how this is affecting them . 
 but march does n't turn . 
 finally , his comm unit trembles against his thigh . 
 he takes it in hand and says in an undertone , `` go . '' 
 `` no more life signs , '' a male voice reports . 
 `` we 've scoured them clean . '' 
 `` then it 's time to end this , '' march replies . 
 `` i want all units assembled at the south entrance in ninety minutes . '' 
 `` roger that . 
 i 'll spread the word . 
 dirge one out . '' 
 i vaguely remember that a dirge is a song they sing for the dead . 
 cold washes over me . 
 i 'd like to be able to question what comes next , but i 'm a passive observer ; i ca n't impact or change events . 
 maybe i 'll ask march a few things once we 're done . 
 the beauty of memory is that he can choose what parts to leave out . 
 we flash forward in time-i only know that because he 's aware of all the minutiae he does n't share , such as getting back to base camp when each step feels like a kilometer-and then we wait for the rest of the troops . 
 filthy , exhausted , and blood-spattered , they trickle in . 
 ten men make up a patrol , as the tunnels do n't lend themselves to larger groups . 
 five pairs is a substantial number when the fighting takes place in such confined space . 
 i can tell they 've taken losses , but it 's not as bad as it would have been if they did n't have a fallback . 
 that showcases mair 's uncommon ability to guess at what 's coming and anticipate what will be required . 
 they form up before march , and , by their regard , i see he 's one of them , their general if not their chief . 
 i did n't understand that until this moment . 
 his relationship with gunnar-dahlgren is knotty and complex , something from which he 'll never walk away . 
 thanks to mair 's intervention , his life will never entirely be his own . 
 to be precise , he ca n't imagine not answering if keri calls on him for help . 
 despite my petty jealousy , there 's no romantic component to his affection . 
 the fact that she was a child when they met precludes him from seeing her in that light . 
 in some ways , she 's akin to the sister he lost . 
 mair told him to take care of keri , and he 's doing his best to hold up his end , no matter what it costs him . 
 he waits for them to fall quiet before speaking . 
 `` it 's time for us to go on the offensive . 
 we have a cache nearby , so we 'll go out through the rubble and head for the gear . 
 there , we 'll find two pearl-class rovers waiting to take us to the mccullough compound . 
 intel tells me they do n't have a fallback . 
 we 've decimated their numbers and left them nowhere to go . 
 most of their women and children have already fled off world , and , if we finish this properly , they wo n't be coming back . '' 
 a rousing cheer goes up , echoing weirdly . 
 the rest of the encampment shouts back , catching fire at the idea they 'll soon be delivered from exile . 
 march lets them scream their fill , then holds up a hand for attention . 
 `` i 'm sending coordinates to each patrol leader . 
 you 'll be responsible for getting your team to the cache at the appointed time . 
 once we reach the mccullough compound , what 's our strategy ? '' 
 a tall , scarred soldier replies , `` no quarter . '' 
 his men echo the cry . 
 `` no quarter ! '' 
 i 've seen enough war vids to understand what that means . 
 i do n't want to see the rest , but i ca n't pull from his true-life nightmare . 
 i asked to see what he dreams about , so he 's serving it up . 
 it feels like i 'm crying , but i ca n't touch my cheeks to be sure . 
 from here , we flash to what must be the mccullough war room , bodies everywhere . 
 march was kind enough not to show me all the killing , but the carnage ca n't be avoided entirely . 
 i know that it was barely even a fight . 
 the mcculloughs were broken when they lost in the tunnels . 
 i know the man i love used his knife again and again on enemies too young to die , thrusting the blade cleanly up through the chin . 
 we stride toward a surprisingly young man . 
 he ca n't be more than twenty turns , full of invincibility and dreams of grandeur . 
 like the rest , he 's thin and wild-eyed , hair standing in a crazy tangle . 
 by the way he 's dressed , i realize this is the mccullough . 
 everyone else is dead . 
 he tries to run , but the floor is slick with entrails . 
 the reek of voided bowels does n't affect march , but i want to scream . 
 it 's beyond anything i could have imagined . 
 the mccullough slips in the spilled blood , falling hard . 
 `` i have a wife , '' he begs , as he scrambles backward on feet and hands . 
 `` children . 
 i was only trying to secure their future . 
 let me go to them , please . 
 they 're on arcturus . '' 
 he names a small colony in the outskirts . 
 `` do n't do this , please . 
 i 'll accept exile - '' this time , there 's no clean thrust through the chin . 
 march rams his knife upward through the rib cage , knowing precisely how to find the heart . 
 i imagine the way it pierces lung first , then slices clean through . 
 the mccullough lets out a horribly childish whimper and crumples . 
 march leaves the blade in the body . 
 his voice is toneless as he says , `` hostile takeover complete . 
 begin an inventory of property and assets ; we take possession immediately . '' 
 he grabs a man i recognize , but whose name i can not recall . 
 `` top priority is finding out what they did with the teras . '' 
 the soldier acknowledges with a sharp salute . 
 while his men get to work , march stands staring at the river of blood running beneath his feet . 
 chapter 29 i come to myself huddled in a shivering heap on the floor , my face wet with tears . 
 march sits a few meters away , still sprawled in a pose that somehow suggests tension instead of ease . 
 his long fingers tap out a message against his thighs that would break my heart if i could translate the mournful tempo into words . 
 `` so now you know what i dream about , '' he says at last . 
 `` and there 's more . 
 you want to see it all , jax ? '' 
 for once , i have no quick comeback . 
 hell no , i do n't want to see more . 
 honestly , i wish i had n't seen that much . 
 the worst thing ? 
 he has to live with those memories . 
 no wonder he took the meds from doc without complaining . 
 if i 'd lived through what he has , i 'd want to forget my own name . 
 i start to wonder if fixing him is beyond my ability , no matter how much i love him . 
 right now , i feel weird and frozen . 
 they say wild animals belong in their natural habitat , not among people they could savage while simply following their nature . 
 so does that mean he should return to nicu tertius ? 
 finally , i answer , `` i think that 's enough for now . '' 
 `` are n't you going to tell me how much you love me ? '' 
 his voice is mocking , acid-etched . 
 `` how much you 're dying to be with me like we used to be ? '' 
 he expects things to have changed , and right now i feel too shaken to offer convincing reassurance . 
 but i 'm too stubborn to do what he expects . 
 so i come up on my knees and gaze up at him . 
 `` you can love somebody without loving what they do . 
 i wish that had n't been necessary , and i wish you were n't so f ** ked up over it , but seeing what happened on lachion did n't change anything for me . 
 not really . '' 
 as i say the words , i 'm surprised to find they 're accurate . 
 i have n't touched him since i came in the room , but i still want to . 
 i wish i felt like i could crawl into his arms and let him lose his pain in my body . 
 at this point , i 'm afraid of the route something like that would take . 
 my love is n't blind or foolish , and i do n't have a death wish . 
 but it 's not like march went on a killing spree for fun . 
 he waged war to save the lives of people he cares about , after the mcculloughs started the conflict . 
 now he has to deal with the aftermath , but he wo n't do it alone . 
 he keeps trying to drive me off , but i 'll be damned if i 'll go . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` are you that desperate not to be alone ? '' 
 that hurts , but i shrug it away . 
 `` no . 
 what we have is that good . '' 
 not until the awareness flashes in his eyes do i realize i 've spoken in present tense . 
 his face softens almost imperceptibly as i go on , `` i want to help . 
 i just do n't know what to do . '' 
 `` i never had anyone love me like you do , '' he whispers , almost despite himself . 
 i smile . 
 `` kai taught me . 
 the one you do n't like me thinking about ? 
 i did n't know how to love somebody before he showed me . '' 
 he struggles for words , his voice rough and low . 
 `` then i think maybe i 'm grateful to him instead of jealous . '' 
 `` why would you be jealous of him ? '' 
 the question slips out . 
 `` he 's gone . '' 
 march shrugs . 
 `` he seemed to hold a part of you i could never touch . '' 
 `` kai was a warm sunny day , and he trickled into every fiber of me . 
 you 're more like a strong rain , but you 've gotten inside me just the same . '' 
 his mouth twitches . 
 `` not lately . '' 
 i grin , grateful he can joke at all . 
 `` not what i meant . 
 what were you dreaming about last night , march ? '' 
 yeah , the night he choked me . 
 i hope he does n't show me . 
 i want him to tell me . 
 he dragged me into his nightmares to try to change my mind about him , so show-and-tell versus voluntary sharing represent different things . 
 a silence follows the question , but march seems pensive and uncertain , not full of impotent anger . 
 finally he says , `` our patrol could n't get back to base one night after you left . 
 we had to camp in the tunnels , so we split the watches . 
 the kid on fourth shift was young , and he must 've nodded off . 
 i woke up with a mccullough on top of me , just barely rolled away from his knife . '' 
 he wo n't look at me as he goes on , `` i choked him to death with my bare hands . 
 when i bumped up against you in my sleep , i must 've thought - '' `` you were back there , '' i finish . 
 `` in the tunnels . 
 because you 're not used to sleeping with me . '' 
 `` do n't make excuses , jax . 
 there 's something wrong with me . 
 i 'm sure they have a name for it , something with initials , that requires me to be further medicated than i already am or ... confined . 
 i just do n't care anymore . '' 
 i arch a brow . 
 `` then why did hurting me bother you ? '' 
 that stumps him . 
 finally , he comes up with , `` i do n't target women or children . '' 
 but it 's more personal than that between us , and march knows it . 
 he 's not broken beyond repair , just badly damaged and caught between memories of how we are together and the seductive pull of a life without fear , pain , or regret . 
 i can understand the draw , but it 's not right , and i wo n't yield him to it . 
 if only i could dive into him , the way he pulled me into his memories . 
 something from mair 's logs nags at me-she stressed the importance of connections , but she could slip inside him and look around . 
 if only i could - `` i have an idea , '' i say softly . 
 `` are you willing to try something ? '' 
 once he would have said yes , no questions asked . 
 now he says , `` that depends . '' 
 `` we do n't need to touch . '' 
 `` then it wo n't be much fun , '' he decides aloud . 
 `` but why not ? '' 
 he seems surprised when i say , `` put your boots on . 
 i 'll be right back . '' 
 i 'm gone before he tries to read me . 
 i 've been listening to mair 's journal , hoping i 'd find something to help , but everything she did is geared toward the psi-gifted . 
 now i think i know how i can approximate that . 
 i remember how she said the mind is like another world . 
 well , i 'm an expert at exploring new worlds . 
 in fact , at one point , i was the very best . 
 in my quarters , i find a long coat with a hood . 
 i tug that up immediately . 
 no point in drawing attention , making the bugs wonder what the ambassador is up to so early in the morning . 
 they 'd certainly assume the worst . 
 most of the ithtorians would recognize me on sight , but the other humans in our delegation do n't get so much coverage . 
 in the hood , i might be any one of them . 
 by the time i return , march stands by the door , ready to go and wearing a mystified expression . 
 too bad . 
 i 'm not going to explain my intentions . 
 he might balk . 
 i 'm grateful that he does n't pry ; there 's no icy prickle that signifies he 's reading me . 
 we speak little on the way to the underground tram . 
 thankfully , the chip includes both written and spoken meanings . 
 so i can understand the symbols now , and we make it to the spaceport without incident . 
 the guards on duty have been instructed to permit humans free passage within the docking area , so we board as the day lengthens into full brightness . 
 excitement overpowers my general weariness . 
 this is a much bigger vessel than i 'm used to , so i have to ask directions to the cockpit twice . 
 the skeleton crew on duty at this hour reveals little interest in our progress . 
 from his expression , march has some inkling what i intend ; but he does n't protest , just follows me in silence . 
 when we finally arrive , i find things in order , well-maintained equipment if not top-of-the-line . 
 the controls shine as if they 've been recently polished . 
 whoever jumps here takes great pride in it . 
 that 's a good omen . 
 with a little shiver of pleasure , i settle into the nav chair and invite him with a gesture to take his place beside me . 
 `` i do n't think running away is the answer , '' he says with amusement . 
 `` plus , i think we still have people on world . '' 
 maybe he does n't know after all . 
 it 's nice to know i can still surprise him . 
 `` wrong . 
 we 're not running away . '' 
 `` kinky jacked-in sex ? '' 
 now he raises a brow . 
 somehow he manages to sound both hopeful and dubious . 
 whether he realizes it or not , he 's been thawing slowly , joking with me the way he used to . 
 i shake my head as i power up the nav system . 
 `` nope . 
 just jack in for me , okay ? '' 
 it 's a leap of faith . 
 i ca n't explain why , but i think it 'll be less likely to work if he knows what i intend to do . 
 the human mind has natural shields , he told me once . 
 so if he figures out what i 'm planning , his will come up . 
 he wo n't be able to help it . 
 in response , he plugs in . 
 chapter 30 i jack in as well , and the world goes dark . 
 ordinarily , march would be gearing up for a jump , checking equipment . 
 his connection does n't rob him of external perception as mine does . 
 if this were a real jump , i would sit like a blind woman waiting to feel him join me . 
 but this is n't a regular session . 
 thanks to wetware , the nav computer hosts our combined consciousness , and i intend to use that in a way the designer never intended . 
 knowing farwan , there 's probably a warning written up in a navigation manual against trying something like this . 
 to hell with it , i never read those anyway . 
 i spare a curse for my ex-husband , who was in charge of safety when we met . 
 i hope simon 's been shanked in whitefish by now , or at least been made somebody 's bitch . 
 he certainly tried to make me his . 
 i 'm reassured to find march receptive , if a touch wary . 
 if he brings mental walls up , then i 'm doomed to fail . 
 tentative , i reach out , seeking a union like we had when vel chased us through grimspace . 
 though he does n't actively try to push me away , he does n't draw me in either . 
 i 'm going to have to work for this . 
 march feels remote , as if his memories do n't entirely belong to him . 
 most times , that 's probably a good thing . 
 maybe this damage is a defense mechanism , preventing him from feeling the pain . 
 i 'm sure the drugs do n't hurt either . 
 for a while , i let myself drift , offering quiet mental touches now and then to get him used to me again . 
 it 's different from having him in my head ; i do n't suffer the same icy burn because we share a neutral space . 
 he relaxes by degrees , and i register the slow shift reflected in his thoughts . 
 i 'm not there to poke around or learn his secrets . 
 instead , i do as mair suggested and treat his mind like a world to explore . 
 to aid in that , i visualize the inside of his head as if it 's part of grimspace . 
 now i consider what i do when i make a jump and find that the beacons are weak and do n't connect properly . 
 his emotions , now locked away , become beacons , and i listen to their pulse . 
 they 're faint and thready , slowly starving from lack of nourishment . 
 eventually , i find them , charting his mind as if it 's a new jump . 
 i 've always been good at spatial relationships , translating abstract ideas into real points that can be located , and this is just another application of that ability . 
 soon i 've mapped out the various control points . 
 here lies motor function ; over there is higher thought . 
 just as all beacons are linked , so should his mind be , but he has dark spots that interfere with connections being made . 
 if i continue the analogy of looking at his damaged psyche as if it were a broken beacon , it will require energy to effect a repair . 
 ordinarily , that energy comes from the pilot-jumper bond and filters through me into the beacon . 
 unfortunately , there 's only me . 
 march ca n't fix himself , or he 'd have done it . 
 that means i need to give twice as much . 
 i do n't know if i can survive that . 
 i keep my fear locked down behind small partitions he wo n't notice if i 'm careful . 
 what are you up to , jax ? 
 trust me a little longer . 
 i remember the way he brought me nearly to cli ** x with his mind alone . 
 though certain mental manipulations can be very powerful , he 's had turns to practice them . 
 misgivings strike . 
 maybe i should n't be rummaging around in here ; i might do untold harm . 
 so to test myself , i find his pleasure center and envision a soft touch . 
 his reaction is immediate , a quick intake of breath and a shuddering exhalation . 
 dopamine floods his system , relaxing him further . 
 that 's good . 
 i do n't want him tense when i make my move . 
 time . 
 we have plenty of time . 
 i let him relax and soak in the sweetness while trying to cover my uncertainty . 
 though i did n't do the work very long , i know how to fix a beacon . 
 i ca n't overthink this . 
 that 's not my strong suit , so i do what i do best . 
 leap . 
 i frame myself as liquid light , able to pass cleanly through any part of him . 
 i 'll be the connective force , renewing links that have lapsed . 
 i surge from dark spot to dark spot , illuminating with a warm shimmer . 
 i will the synapses to fire in my wake and remember their prior functions . 
 come on , you 're not dead space in there . 
 come back online . 
 my whole being focuses on this working . 
 he 's a broken beacon , and i can fix him . 
 i circle endlessly , jumping through the cold places , infusing each one with everything i feel for him . 
 it 's like running nak * d through walls of ice , but i do n't stop . 
 love pours through me . 
 if he 's an empty vessel now , then i 'll fill him up again . 
 once , i 'd never have thought i could open up like this for anyone , but apparently there 's no limit to what i 'll do for him . 
 at the end of each circuit , i brush up against his pleasure center , making him gasp . 
 i 'll make damn sure this is good for him-he wo n't want me to stop until something shifts . 
 i feel myself weakening . 
 pain pierces me , just like when i linger in grimspace too long . 
 the human body creates a finite amount of energy , and i 'm feeding it to him , just like the beacons . 
 how much of me will it take to make him whole ? 
 steeling myself , i continue my work , and , thank mary he 's too distracted by the pleasure of it to notice what it 's doing to me . 
 maybe this ca n't work . 
 maybe i need someone else here to help me , as when we repair the beacons , but surely one man wo n't require as much power . 
 and there 's no one else . 
 i would n't even ask it , not knowing what the consequences could be . 
 what will i give to heal him ? 
 the answer is everything . 
 i push harder , and feel something tear free inside of me , and it hurts as if i 've jabbed a knife into my skull . 
 my teeth tear at my lower lip to swallow the instinctive cry . 
 thus powered , my internal movement sparks a chain reaction ; heat rises in my wake . 
 when i shift my perceptions , a golden trail shimmers between the dark places , infusing them . 
 primitive satisfaction surges through me . 
 yeah , i want to imprint myself on him . 
 i want to be so deeply inside him that he 'll never shake me loose . 
 slowly , i watch the connections renew themselves , fueled by my borrowed energy . 
 light flows smoothly from point to point , no more breakage . 
 there 's still weakness , but with the flow returned to its normal course , natural healing should complete the process i 've jump-started . 
 maybe i 'm not psi , but i 'm fragging stubborn . 
 the pain gradually spirals down to bearable levels . 
 i try to check myself as i did him , but i ca n't see if i did any permanent harm . 
 time will tell . 
 since joy spreads through me , whatever i broke , it was n't my emotions . 
 `` mother mary , '' he breathes . 
 `` you ... navigated me , jax . '' 
 the fact that he 's speaking aloud is a measure of his awe . 
 i do n't even know what to call what i just did . 
 a highly unorthodox form of mental surgery , i suspect , and nothing i 'd ever try on anyone but march . 
 we 're woven together in ways that even the tightest pilot-jumper bond does n't begin to touch . 
 in answer , i give another soft stroke to his pleasure center , doing to him what he once did to me . 
 who says i 'm incapable of learning from example ? 
 i do n't have the ability to go into his head as he comes into mine when we 're not jacked in , but here inside the nav computer , we 're equals . 
 he groans , and there 's something incredibly rousing about knowing i can make him feel like this without a single physical touch . 
 his breath sounds ragged , as if he 's run a great distance-i delight in that , too . 
 raw lust pours out of him , suffusing me in need . 
 but there 's more , too . 
 thank mary , there 's more . 
 i do n't want to have sex while we 're jacked in-that 's just too p * rn vid-but if you do n't unplug this minute , i ca n't be responsible for what happens next . 
 so i take the warning and pull out . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 `` no , '' he says deliberately . 
 before i can ask , he yanks me up out of the nav chair . 
 `` lock the cockpit until further notice , '' he tells the computer . 
 `` no manual overrides . '' 
 `` acknowledged , '' the ship ai responds . 
 `` jax , '' he whispers . 
 and then his hands are on me , pushing me up against the smooth metal door that protects us against prying eyes . 
 his lips find my throat , and he kisses upward over my jaw to my mouth . 
 i kiss him back with all the pent-up longing . 
 my arms go around his neck , but it 's not enough . 
 we strain together , reveling in the renewed heat between us . 
 his body feels lean and hard against me , and he trembles with the ferocity of our mutual need . 
 i do n't need foreplay ; i just need him . 
 he comes into me mentally as he lifts me physically . 
 there 's no cold now , only heat . 
 you like it here ? 
 and here ? 
 i gasp and groan . 
 march stimulates three separate places-at the same time-which leaves me feeling like i might go over just from rubbing myself against him . 
 mary , i need you . 
 is that him or me ? 
 at this point , i 'm not sure , but the thought applies to both of us . 
 a few tugs at our clothing and the necessary parts are bare . 
 the door feels cold against my nak * d skin . 
 march boosts me higher , taking me , and my ankles lock at his back . 
 his mouth is ravenous on mine , a hurried nuzzle of panting kisses . 
 no tenderness this time , just raw , scorching power . 
 i run my fingers over his shoulders , then drag downward with short , blunt nails . 
 in answer , he pushes me tighter against the door , pinning me completely except for the wicked movement of his hips . 
 i reply with tight little rolls , inciting him to frantic excess . 
 `` march . '' 
 my head falls back , hands tangling in his hair . 
 orgasm crashes through me . 
 i tense in his arms , riding the furious sensations , only dimly aware of the way he pushes closer in short , staccato strokes , losing himself in me . 
 his breath gusts against the side of my throat , soft little nonsense words that i ca n't translate into meanings . 
 there 's no playful fight for supremacy this time , just the two of us , raw and candid . 
 we 've been apart too long for this act to have any implication of power or dominance . 
 at base , this is an affirmation of what we are together-and how much we need one another to be whole . 
 he exhales against the top of my head . 
 i feel shudders still rocking through him . 
 his arms tighten around me as he breathes , `` jax . 
 ah , jax . 
 sweet mary , how i love you . '' 
 and i go boneless with delight . . 
 classified-transmission . . 
 requested status report . . 
 from-edun_leviter . . 
 to-suni_tarn . . 
 encrypt-destruct-enabled . 
 chancellor tarn , as you asked , i have prepared a dossier regarding the greatest areas of concern . 
 1 . 
 escalating morgut attacks , including the destruction of outpost 8 2 . 
 increased instance of syndicate strikes , unless the shipping company has a contract for protection 3 . 
 complete disregard for interstellar legislation 4 . 
 failure to meet certain standards in public safety 5 . 
 inability to efficiently utilize seized farwan assets 6 . 
 lack of faith in conglomerate leadership 1 . 
 escalating morgut attacks the morgut have grown bolder in recent months . 
 they no longer fear reprisal and treat human beings as prey . 
 as the conglomerate has heretofore not offered any significant deterrent , we can expect this pattern to continue . 
 of the past seventeen attacks , there have been only four survivors . 
 this includes ships , outposts , mining colonies , and deep-space stations . 
 my sources advise me that there is a panic stirring , and that people are beginning to say it 's not safe anywhere . 
 2 . 
 increased instance of syndicate strikes using gehenna as an example , eight out of every ten ships that leaves port will experience a hijacking attempt sometime between departure and destination . 
 the merchantmen report these pirates are professional , organized , swift , and merciless . 
 if the freighter attempts to fight back , the crew is slaughtered , but for one man , who is put adrift in an escape capsule and left behind as a warning . 
 a recent ad campaign has aired , offering security and peace of mind for a reasonable fee . 
 it depicts a middle-aged male , smiling in relief as he settles down for the night ; the scene then shifts to his property , being protected by armed guards . 
 according to recent polls , the syndicate has gained ten points in public regard , thus reflected in the purchase of private contracts . 
 their market share continues to climb . 
 as under farwan , people have responded well to the iron fist in a velvet glove , as proffered by the syndicate . 
 3 . 
 complete disregard for interstellar legislation in the past four months , twenty ships have been intercepted attempting to bring contraband onto new terra itself . 
 freighter captains argue that since they must now pay more for protection to ensure their cargo arrives safely , they can no longer afford to ship regular goods and must resort to the higher profit of black-market trading . 
 additionally , the independent raiders have grown bolder and will attack cargo vessels right in the hot zones . 
 they lie in wait along heavily traveled jump routes and attack the merchantman as he comes out of grimspace . 
 4 . 
 failure to meet certain standards in public safety when farwan policed the star lanes , they deterred such crimes , not via prevention , but through relentless pursuit of their adversaries . 
 they spent countless credits on jurisdiction and punishment , earning their reputation for brutal justice . 
 their focus was not preservation of human life but minimizing lost profit . 
 regardless of focus , however , they did offer a certain measure of safety in interstellar travel . 
 to date , the conglomerate has failed to establish any like service . 
 when the average person thinks of the conglomerate , he sees an ineffectual organization that has no might or military force with which to enforce its will . 
 5 . 
 inability to efficiently utilize seized farwan assets conglomerate constituents feel that current expenditures are short-sighted and work solely to preserve the interests of humankind when the organization purports to offer true and democratic representation to all species . 
 recent construction on new terra reinforces this perception . 
 the new senate facilities , while providing a sense of pomp and tradition , do little to reassure the common man that he will be protected if he leaves new terra . 
 6 . 
 lack of faith in conglomerate leadership confidence in the conglomerate has reached an all-time low . 
 ten out of every fifteen individuals surveyed state they believe some alternate form of government would prove more effective . 
 constituents also desire a return to the days of empire , including standing armada and trained soldiers ready to go to war on their behalf . 
 ten companies that had requested conglomerate aid in protecting their cargo have since withdrawn their petitions . 
 four planets have seceded from the proposed summit and ask they no longer be considered tier worlds , hoping for neutrality in the coming conflict . 
 the crisis has reached critical levels , and if this alliance does not come to pass-or offers less-than-anticipated results-our situation will become untenable . 
 my proposal-including financial plans , budgets , resource allocation , and personnel recommendations for newly created positions-is attached . . 
 attachment-proposed_solutions-follows . . 
 end-transmission . 
 chapter 31 the ai interrupts us to proffer a mild warning . 
 `` a number of individuals are approaching the cockpit . 
 their vitals indicate agitation . '' 
 i never know if ais are programmed to sound like that , or if it 's some developer 's quirk slipped into a prototype ages ago . 
 someone tries to open the door , then bangs with both fists . 
 through the metal , i hear dina swearing . 
 `` there 's a group of angry ithtorians screaming for blood outside the ship , '' she shouts . 
 `` what the frag have you done now ? '' 
 shit . 
 i have no earthly idea . 
 whatever 's wrong , we did n't do it ; nonetheless , a cold feeling rises up in me . 
 it 's probably good they roused dina . 
 she has an impressively royal demeanor when it suits her . 
 i thank my lucky stars that she and hit prefer to sleep on the ship whenever possible , when they are n't needed for some diplomatic display . 
 `` stall them , '' i call back , frantic . 
 `` is hit out there ? 
 ask her to use the wardrober in my quarters to get me something decent to wear . 
 you know the parameters ? '' 
 `` roger that , '' the tall pilot answers . 
 i need a san-shower , but we probably do n't have time . 
 march lets me slide down his body as he steps back . 
 his expression is rueful as he shakes his head . 
 `` our timing has always been rotten , '' he mutters . 
 `` but i think this might be just be the worst . '' 
 i agree wholeheartedly . 
 instead of getting to enjoy the rosy glow of endorphins inspired by heel-banging sex , i have to scramble to figure out what 's gone wrong . 
 dammit . 
 and i thought things were going as well as could be expected . 
 for mary 's sake , i thought we were on the verge of signing a treaty , even bearing in mind the grand administrator 's objections . 
 march unlocks the door , and i go at a dead run toward my quarters . 
 i hear his footsteps behind me . 
 he 's dressed at least . 
 good thing he was sitting in trousers and a shirt when i pulled him out of his room . 
 `` fasten your pants , '' i whisper . 
 his hands get busy . 
 since it was so early when we went out , i just put the hooded coat over my thin ki pants and sleep cami . 
 i should know by now that things never go as i expect . 
 the reason why i do n't expect trouble probably reflects some innate lack . 
 mary , could this get worse ? 
 we pass dina en route . 
 `` make it quick , '' she calls . 
 `` i do n't know what exactly has happened , but they think you 're trying to make a run for it . '' 
 shit . 
 that 's really not good . 
 okay , so maybe on the surface it looks bad , finding the ambassador on board the ship in the wee hours , coincidentally after something 's gone wrong ; but we can straighten this out . 
 i take a deep breath and dodge into my room , where i find hit waiting with a suitable gold , sleeveless robe . 
 bless her attention to detail . 
 it will be cold outside the docking area , but i can live with that . 
 more than ever , i need to show strength and authority . 
 no time for modesty , so i shuck my clothes , exposing my scars fully . 
 hit averts her eyes , but march has never looked away from me , not even from the first day we met . 
 as best i can , i assemble myself into the image of the ambassador the ithtorians have come to expect . 
 then it 's time to head for the doors . 
 the bugs wo n't board us , as that would be construed as an aggressive act and terminate the nascent accords between our peoples , but as we approach the exit ramp , i can hear the commotion just outside . 
 for the first time , the clicks and chitters sound enraged and dangerous . 
 thankfully dina has managed to keep them contained , and i meet vel coming up as i step out onto the ramp . 
 thank mary . 
 he can help me smooth things over , if it can be done at all . 
 i pause to ask in an undertone , `` what 's going on ? '' 
 anyone else would chide me for not being where i 'm supposed to be at this hour , but vel does n't waste time with recriminations . 
 he deals with situations as they are instead of as they should be . 
 his side-set eyes glitter in the overhead lights as he buys us a little time by greeting me with a particularly poetic wa . 
 the chip surprises me by offering visual signals shifted to word meanings : when the dark breaks , white wave looks to brown bird . 
 there will be no tears born of new light . 
 i realize that 's what i called myself in the wa he translated for me . 
 he must be white wave . 
 i do n't know how i know that , but he 's acknowledged it by referring to himself that way . 
 `` sharis has been admitted to the medical facility . 
 at this time , he is critically ill , and the physicians do not know whether he will survive the night . '' 
 aw , shit . 
 he 's one of our strongest supporters , which might be why he wound up in the hospital . 
 that does n't explain why i have the bug gestapo clamoring just a few meters away . 
 they look like they want my entrails on a stick . 
 then it dawns on me . 
 `` no . 
 surely they do n't think ... what possible reason could i have for jeopardizing my mission ? '' 
 not when so much rests on my success here . 
 i grind my teeth against the urge to start swearing in every language i know . 
 but i ca n't fly off the handle . 
 i 've been cool and calm so far . 
 this is n't the time to break precedent . 
 `` not you , necessarily , '' he replies . 
 `` but they believe it was someone from our delegation . 
 preliminary toxin screenings have indicated he was slipped a quantity of citric acid , which is nutritious to humans and - '' `` poison to ithtorians , '' i finish grimly . 
 vel inclines his head . 
 `` that is the current conjecture . '' 
 it goes without saying that an ithtorian could still have done it , intending to make it look like we did . 
 is that something those extremists in the park who nearly killed me would do ? 
 well , i do n't have time to cycle through all the potential suspects right now . 
 i have to talk these bug soldiers down before they send all of us to the mines . 
 sentencing without a trial would n't be constitutional for a native , but as foreigners , we lack the same rights . 
 my fingers tremble as i step forward , so i lace them together . 
 `` i am deeply saddened to hear of sharis 's illness , '' i begin . 
 `` i have come to respect him greatly during my time here . 
 i will , of course , cooperate fully with the authorities to try to bring his attacker to justice . '' 
 vel translates for me , putting a more polished spin on my words . 
 thank mary for his political background . 
 the soldiers rumble and hiss . 
 `` more lies , '' one of them says . 
 `` we should slay the lot of them , '' his commander adds . 
 `` and let the iglogth sort them out . 
 i knew nothing good would come of allowing humans back on world . 
 there were reasons we banished the scum in the first place . '' 
 a deadly chill radiates from vel , standing beside me . 
 `` may i remind you that our party possesses a personal warrant of safe passage from the grand administrator herself ? 
 i understand you perfectly , and any hostile action taken toward me or my companions will result in your immediate death . 
 the grand administrator does not take kindly to having her pledges foresworn by a filthy lot of untaught foot soldiers . '' 
 go , vel . 
 i can almost see them deflate , duty supplanting aggression . 
 the captain steps forward and executes a lovely , apologetic wa . 
 `` i beg your pardon , ambassador . 
 we allowed our grief and outrage to overwhelm our better judgment . 
 we beg that you will not report our transgression to the grand administrator . '' 
 `` i share your grief and outrage , '' i answer smoothly . 
 `` thus , i understand it . 
 only let me know what i may do to facilitate your investigation . 
 i , too , want the culprit brought to justice with all haste . '' 
 in conclusion , i offer an acknowledging wa , fluid motion that shows i have the capacity to forgive his transgression . 
 to my surprise , vel relays my message word for word . 
 maybe i 'm finally getting good at this . 
 i 'm not sure it 's a skill i really want , however . 
 march fell in love with me because i had no doublespeak at all . 
 whatever i thought , i never hesitated to say it . 
 how will he feel about a woman grown expert in prevarication ? 
 warmth surges through me , the likes of which i have n't felt in so long , i almost cry out . 
 march fills me like he used to , easily , softly , and it takes all my will to school my features . 
 do n't worry , he tells me tenderly . 
 it does n't matter who you 've been , who you are , or who you become . 
 i 'm with you every step of the way . 
 mary , how i needed to hear that . 
 `` at this time , all diplomatic processes will be placed on hold , '' the captain continues . 
 `` the vote will be delayed until after councilman sharis has recovered from his illness and the guilty party apprehended . '' 
 i acknowledge that with a nod . 
 doubtless that 's just what the opposition party wanted . 
 the bugs have learned to interpret the inclination of the head as a positive response , so vel does n't need to translate . 
 `` then , if it pleases the ambassador , we will escort you to the center for jurisprudence . '' 
 at any other time , the commander 's formality would amuse me . 
 not now . 
 we stand at the edge of a terrible precipice , and i 'm the only thing that can keep us upright . 
 hope my balance is up to the task . 
 chapter 32 jael trots along beside me like an annoying pet . 
 the apparent threat to his generous salary , paid by the conglomerate , has roused him to near agitation . 
 he does n't seem to care about sharis 's health , but he has all kinds of advice for me . 
 `` do n't go with them , jax . 
 this is nothing but a trumped-up excuse to take you into custody . 
 they 're not going to let you help with their investigation . 
 they 're just going to hold you so you ca n't get in their way . '' 
 `` i realize that , '' i tell him darkly . 
 `` but it 's in our best interests to cooperate fully , whatever that entails . 
 the alliance he proposed stands on shaky ground , and i have to do whatever it takes to steady it . 
 do you have any idea what 's going on out there ? '' 
 i gesture vaguely above my head , encompassing the universe entire in the motion . 
 `` yes . '' 
 his voice is grim . 
 `` but you ca n't do any good out there if you let them send you to the mines down here . '' 
 `` for mary 's sake , '' i say in exasperation . 
 `` i 'm not going to the mines , just to an interview room . 
 i do n't have anything to hide . 
 i did n't do this to sharis . '' 
 i keep walking , and add over my shoulder , `` and i highly doubt any of us did . 
 if i had to bet , i 'd lay money that it was someone in the op or one of the grand administrator 's minions . 
 but just to be thorough : where were you tonight after you left the party , bodyguard ? '' 
 shame colors his reply . 
 `` playing charm with dina and hit . 
 i 'm sorry i left you , but that shindig was bloody boring . 
 i stayed as long as i could take it . '' 
 `` some help you are . 
 your paranoia is not an asset . '' 
 now there 's some irony-me accusing someone else of paranoia . 
 maybe it 's a sign i 'm recovering from the havoc the psychs wreaked upon my psyche . 
 dina always said i just needed time , and it seems like she 's right , as usual . 
 a question occurs to me . 
 `` have you seen constance tonight ? 
 she 's usually working in my quarters , but i have n't seen her since this afternoon . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` she was in comms on deck two , looking through the archives . 
 she said you asked her to research something . '' 
 i said anything that could help the alliance go forward , as i recall . 
 well , that 's one worry off my mind . 
 `` good to know . '' 
 hit and dina had scrambled into their honor-guard uniforms while i was changing , and they 're marching along behind us . 
 i have n't had a chance to savor the fact that march is back , but he 's part of me in a way he has n't been for months . 
 telltale warmth results whenever he brushes close with a mental touch . 
 his solid presence at my back gives me more comfort than i like to think about . 
 it would be exponentially worse if he were n't here . 
 that also applies to vel , who 's taken a position directly behind me next to march . 
 we have bugs on either side of our six-person crew . 
 maybe they have n't said so in as many words , but this is an armed escort . 
 i know what would 've happened if i had protested or tried to return to the ship . 
 best if i keep things civil . 
 in the pit of my stomach , i register the worry that we 're f ** ked , and there 's no fixing this . 
 the chief proponent of the alliance has been poisoned ... with a uniquely human compound . 
 we can eat citrus fruit all day long and lick the juice from our fingers without suffering any harm . 
 that 's assuredly not true of ithtorians . 
 sharis may have suffered irreparable damage , and i 'm heartless because i can only think about how it 's going to impact humanity . 
 i took chancellor tarn 's message to heart , and i feel quietly frantic at the idea of things falling to pieces here . 
 mary curse it , i wanted to succeed , and i was doing so fraggin ' well , better than anyone could have predicted . 
 i let none of this inner turmoil show on my face as we pass from the spaceport down the tunnel that leads to the underground . 
 without a jacket , it 's cold as hell , but i manage not to shiver , showing i 'm impervious to discomfort . 
 but it 's only the tight clench of my jaw that prevents my teeth from chattering . 
 thankfully , the tram is n't far , and the bugs herd us toward the proper station . 
 silence becomes the order of the day , so i listen to the quiet hum of machinery until the commander says , as the tram slows , `` we disembark here . '' 
 it 's become second nature for me to let vel tell me what i already know before i make a move . 
 so after he does so , we head for the `` center for jurisprudence . '' 
 since we enter via a lift inside the tram station , i do n't get a look at the building 's exterior . 
 inside , it 's typical of other ithtorian spaces , full of lush color and blooming plants . 
 the flooring gives way softly underfoot , rich and loamy in a way that seems strange to me , even after spending time here . 
 i 'm used to rugs or tile , so i find their bioengineered furnishings a little disturbing , but then ... they find it disturbing that humans surround themselves with the deceased and inanimate . 
 no wonder they call us carrion eaters . 
 with some disconnected portion of my brain , i wonder what weapon sculpted their world in permafrost . 
 their physiology is better suited to a tropical environment , akin to venice minor , yet they dwell on ithiss-tor , which is more akin to ielos . 
 they strive to create their sultry paradises indoors . 
 to my distress , they show us into separate rooms . 
 i sit down nonetheless and arrange myself as if i am perfectly at ease . 
 i 've come to learn that face is everything , so if i comport myself well here , perhaps something can be salvaged . 
 `` we wish to speak with you first , ambassador , '' the commander tells me . 
 `` thus , your translator will remain here for now . '' 
 this time , i almost incline my head before vel translates . 
 catching myself , i sit like an uncomprehending stump while the bounty hunter rephrases what i already know . 
 then i indicate my understanding , so the captain goes on : `` velith il-nok will then be required in the other interview chambers . 
 you will be detained only long enough for us to ascertain the whereabouts of your core party . 
 eventually , we will probably wish to speak with everyone aboard your ship . '' 
 `` will you be interviewing everyone who had access to sharis 's quarters ? '' 
 i ask . 
 they know as well as i do ; that encompasses a lot of bugs , including the grand administrator 's personal assistants and countless underlings who are always scurrying to do someone 's bidding . 
 vel puts the question to the commander with a touch more tact . 
 `` of course . '' 
 i do n't imagine the guard leader 's distaste at having to placate me . 
 he executes a perfunctory wa , then says , `` the interrogator will be with you shortly . '' 
 once they 've gone , i take stock of my surroundings . 
 there 's only one door , no windows . 
 in some ways , it 's like we 've been left in a small garden to relax . 
 the petal-soft leaves that furl into the chairs we now sit upon are very soothing , and the sweet scent i 've noticed pervading most public spaces is present here as well . 
 in other ways , i feel totally confined , as if all these other living things are sucking up the air . 
 with some effort , i make myself calm down . 
 this is n't the time to think about the walls closing in or the stench of burning flesh . 
 `` how bad is it ? '' 
 i ask vel , sotto voce . 
 `` that depends on a number of factors . '' 
 how like him not to want to commit to a prediction , like i 'll blame him if he 's wrong . 
 `` analysis ? '' 
 `` if one of us did this , '' he says deliberately-and i 'm momentarily distracted to hear him identify himself as one of us , `` then our chances of getting off world are slim . 
 we landed under the flower of peace . 
 if one of us attacked sharis , then they will want to punish all of us for the transgression , however unfair that may seem . 
 and human beings have no rights on ithiss-tor . '' 
 he spreads his claws . 
 `` i will do my best to argue that only the guilty party should be penalized , but i can not guarantee results . '' 
 well , that 's bleak as hell , but i ca n't believe one of my people would do this . 
 everyone knows how important our mission is . 
 even if they have n't seen the private reports i receive from chancellor tarn , they 've certainly heard about the escalating morgut attacks on the vids . 
 emry was just the beginning . 
 to make matters worse , we 've also got the syndicate , independent raiders , and farwan loyalists going head to head . 
 but i ca n't think about the way the galaxy is going to hell right now . 
 i was doing my best to patch things up , help the conglomerate show its power and competence by bringing the ithtorians aboard . 
 until this very substantial hitch . 
 i 'm not the praying kind , but i ca n't help asking for a little help . 
 mary , please do n't let sharis die . 
 we need him . 
 there 's no sense i 've been heard , but i derive a bit of comfort from the ritual . 
 maybe that 's the magic after all . 
 `` i ca n't say you pull your punches , '' i murmur . 
 `` if one of them did it , the op perhaps , would they ever admit it ? 
 or would they try to cover it up ? '' 
 vel considers and eventually has to spread his claws in puzzlement . 
 `` i can not say . 
 it would be a dishonorable act , to say the least ; but , as you have already discerned , face is not comprised of always doing the right thing , here . 
 sometimes prestige is earned by doing the wrong thing ... and not getting caught . '' 
 huh . 
 wonder why i 'm not reassured . 
 chapter 33 the ithtorian who joins us after what seems like hours - and doubtless we 're intended to be sweating by now-is unknown to me . 
 a quick glance tells me this is a male . 
 he stands taller than most of his fellows , and his thorax seems elongated , as if he has an extra segment , though i ca n't say for certain from my quick visual scan . 
 the interrogator also gleams sickly yellow , which fills me with foreboding . 
 then i realize why it bothers me . 
 the odd , artificial color of his chitin will never show the high honor of xanthic stripes . 
 that means he must operate outside the system ; nothing he does can earn him face ... or result in its loss . 
 that does n't bode well for us . 
 `` i am ehon il-chath . '' 
 his wa of greeting sets my teeth on edge . 
 i do n't like the angle of his bow , or the way he nearly shows me his claws . 
 he does n't lower his head either ; instead his side-set eyes bore into mine in oblique accusation . 
 obligingly , the chip provides references that expand upon my unease : in the time after all-sorrow , gray adder devours the vanquished . 
 like hell . 
 how i wish i could attempt to infuse a rebuttal in my answering wa , but whatever i say , i ca n't look like it was on purpose . 
 so i keep my face blank as i reply via body language . 
 i think something of my natural feeling slips through because the interrogator takes a step back before catching himself . 
 `` this is merely a formality , but i must ask a few pertinent questions , '' he says , taking the seat opposite . 
 `` i will not keep you long . '' 
 just long enough to search our rooms for traces of citric acid , right , ehon ? 
 i sit impassive while vel relays the meaning , then i incline my head . 
 `` i 'm happy to help . 
 we 're all shocked and saddened to hear what happened to sharis . '' 
 mary , but i 'm tired of hearing myself spouting platitudes . 
 no matter how sincere you are , if you repeat the same sentiment often enough , it starts to sound fake , even to your own ears . 
 pretty soon , i wo n't mean anything i say ; i 'll just say it because i know i 'm supposed to . 
 and that was most of the reason i ran away from the future my parents had planned out for me . 
 if i do n't find some other line of work soon , i 'll turn into a politician , and there will be no saving me . 
 ehon consults a datapad , leaving me a little time to think . 
 i manage to ignore the growing ache inside me . 
 being in the cockpit was n't necessarily a good idea , for all it helped march . 
 it roused a nearly ungovernable desire to say `` fuck it '' and just head off into the stars . 
 let mankind worry about itself for a while . 
 that 's the old jax talking , and i have to admit , there 's something seductive about her thought processes . 
 the interrogator gets right down to business , once he 's acquainted himself with the facts of the case . 
 `` can you tell me your whereabouts between the hours of midnight and five in the morning ? '' 
 they do n't tell time like we do , but the chip couches the question in terms that make sense to me . 
 i slant a glance at vel as he translates . 
 what will it mean for him when word gets out that he spent the night in my room ? 
 i have no idea what interpretation his people will put on that . 
 just based on the way they 've treated him to date , they 'll probably assume he 's an utter deviant , but since he 's attached as my cultural liaison , they ca n't pass judgment and send him to join the other mental defectives doing hard labor . 
 `` what time did we leave the party ? '' 
 i ask vel . 
 `` an hour past the new day ? '' 
 he 's come to count time as we do , no surprise , given how long he 's lived among us . 
 i nod . 
 `` let 's go with that . '' 
 the interrogator watches us with an unhappy cant of his head . 
 he does n't like that we can discuss things without him understanding us , but unless there 's another translator on world-and there is n't - he has no choice but to trust vel . 
 he breaks in to demand , `` what is she saying ? '' 
 vel replies smoothly , `` she is merely asking what time we departed councilor devri 's flat in order to answer your question accurately . '' 
 ehon leans forward , seemingly titillated . 
 `` the two of you were together last evening ? '' 
 `` i accompany the ambassador to all social events , '' vel responds , in what i imagine to be a quelling fashion . 
 `` how could she communicate , if i did not ? '' 
 with a click of his claws , ehon dismisses the issue , borderline rudeness there . 
 `` so you attended a party hosted by councilor devri last night , and neither of you departed until quite late . 
 were you together the entire time ? '' 
 i have to admit that we were not . 
 i wait until it 's safe to answer , once vel has repeated everything , then i say , `` vel spoke privately with devri for a time , and sharis himself kept me company . 
 he only left my side when mako arrived . 
 i stood in full view of a roomful of ithtorians during that time . '' 
 which is all to the good . 
 ehon seems to be trying to establish opportunity , so i 'm glad i never wandered off on my own . 
 vel tells him what i 've said , and the interrogator taps his claws thoughtfully , processing the information . 
 then he enters it via a series of taps on the datapad . 
 `` very good , '' the interrogator says . 
 `` once you left the party , what then ? '' 
 from my peripheral vision , i glimpse vel nodding ever so slightly as his vocalizer restates ehon 's question . 
 giving me the go-ahead ? 
 okay then , i 'll spill . 
 `` vel and i went back to my quarters then , '' i say quietly . 
 `` he remained there with me until dawn . '' 
 i assume he 'll correct me if that 's wrong . 
 it might even have been his early departure that woke me this morning . 
 for some reason , i 'm not at all surprised to hear him repeat my words , nearly verbatim . 
 ehon recoils visibly at hearing this , so i do n't need to be told what interpretation he has put on the information . 
 he clicks his mandible in fastidious dismay , but to his credit , he does not pursue the matter further . 
 the interrogator simply enters the facts into his datapad . 
 discretion aside , i have no doubt he 'll be drinking on this for days . 
 `` are you both willing to speak oaths that neither of you left each other 's company during the early-morning hours ? '' 
 vel does n't wait for my response . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the interrogator levels a hard look on vel . 
 `` you would not lie for the ambassador , would you , il-nok ? '' 
 a hiss escapes vel . 
 he curls his claws in deliberate insult . 
 `` if you were not an interrogator , i would demand satisfaction . '' 
 `` and councilor devri will vouch for your whereabouts prior ? '' 
 ehon asks , ignoring vel 's outrage . 
 when i 'm given the opportunity to answer , i say , `` he will ... and a hundred other prominent ithtorians , as well . 
 as i recall , we had a lovely conversation with two merchants named arqut and kalid . '' 
 ehon makes further notes on his datapad , then he unfolds to his feet . 
 `` i believe i need nothing further at this time . 
 but if i do need another moment of your time , i will know where to find you . 
 i will permit you to escort the ambassador back to her quarters , but i require you to return to assist with the other sessions within an hour . '' 
 his wa in parting sends a cold chill down my spine . 
 gray adder hunts soft , sleepy prey . 
 quiet kill . 
 i cloak my visceral reaction , stilling my shiver . 
 thanks for the warning , a ** hole , but i 'm not as sleepy as you think . 
 after i reply with a controlled wa , i step out of the interview room , grateful to leave the sticky heat and the cloying smell of hothouse blossoms . 
 vel follows a few steps behind , one claw on my shoulder , not for guidance or protection , but in accordance with some tradition that escapes me at the moment . 
 `` this looks bad for you , '' i say , once we exit the building . 
 a cold wind sweeps over me as we make for the tram . 
 `` the further degradation of my reputation is scarcely a matter of concern to me , '' he returns . 
 `` it already hangs in tatters , and there is no altering that we provide each other with an alibi , so it is fortuitous i felt moved to indulge in a confessional last night . '' 
 my teeth chatter in response . 
 vel hurries us into the station , but i tell myself he is fondly amused by my longstanding tradition of never having a coat when i need one . 
 this time , however , he does n't have his bounty-hunter pack to amend the lack . 
 once i 've warmed up a bit , i protest , `` they 're going to think you 're a deviant . '' 
 it does n't seem fair that they always think the worst of him . 
 he regards me for a moment , only the distant rush of the tram to break the silence . 
 here , near the jurisprudence center , it is oddly deserted . 
 `` and that would make me perverse , if it were true ? '' 
 the vocalizer renders the question conversational . 
 `` if i enjoyed human lovers ? '' 
 my eyes widen . 
 `` i do n't ... '' hell . 
 i did n't see this coming . 
 of all possible outcomes , i certainly do n't want to wound him . 
 after all , it 's not my repugnance speaking ; it 's the way his people seem so uniformly revolted by human beings . 
 `` let me simplify matters , sirantha . 
 living in exile made me rethink many taboos i took for truth . 
 all beings experience loneliness in some form or other , and over my long exile , i did take human lovers , but they generally did not know my true form . 
 in fact , you met one of them . '' 
 before i can frame a response to that , our train arrives . 
 chapter 34 as we board , questions bubble on the tip of my tongue , such as who ? 
 when ? 
 and what happened between you and her ? 
 or him , i suppose . 
 though it 's a tough call , i decide circumstances do n't lend themselves to prying into vel 's private life . 
 we have more pressing concerns . 
 so i simply say , `` no , that does n't make you perverse . 
 i should have realized you 'd adapt to life off ithiss-tor . '' 
 and as he said , no being wants to spend all its time alone . 
 his relationships might not even be primarily sexual in nature , and even if they are , it 's none of my business . 
 i ca n't entirely quash my curiosity , however . 
 we 've met a lot of people in our travels , so which one was it ? 
 and did he or she realize who vel was ? 
 ithtorians are uncommonly long-lived , so he might stay with a human lover for a great span of time by our standards . 
 at regular intervals , he could even age himself appropriately , but he would need substantial privacy to do so . 
 i consider watching someone you care about grow old and die while you remain perpetually the same . 
 it does n't sound desirable ; in fact , it sounds like a particularly hellish punishment . 
 even if he ca n't love as humans do , even if the bonds he forms are not the same , it stands to reason that loss hurts him . 
 i can not imagine it being otherwise for any sentient creature , which is why i am haunted by the image of a frog-mother on marakeq keening her sorrow to the indifferent stars . 
 `` i applaud your restraint , '' vel says eventually , as we disembark . 
 suspicion blooms , distracting me from the unquestionably fascinating subject matter . 
 it seems odd they would simply let us walk away , given the severity of the crime . 
 before we 've gone too far , bugs emerge to tail us discreetly . 
 if we inquired , doubtless they would say it 's for our own protection , but i realize our days of free passage are over . 
 we wo n't be able to make a move now without it being documented in triplicate and reported to five separate factions . 
 i pretend to ignore them as we head for my quarters to wait for the others . 
 they 'll start by interrogating my inner circle , but eventually they 'll want to talk to the whole crew . 
 instinct tells me i ca n't sit by powerless while that happens ; i need to find some way to get them to make me part of this investigation , or i 'm going to lose all the face i 've built up over my time on planet . 
 but maybe i 'm not the best arbiter of what should come next . 
 my instincts are n't infallible , as i 've learned to my cost . 
 once we 're safely inside , vel checks the place for newly implanted listening devices . 
 to nobody 's surprise , he finds one . 
 they must plan to teach someone to interpret , or maybe they 'll lay hands on a chip somehow . 
 if they bounce an order off world , they can purchase plans for one and have it built . 
 that will take days , but until then , they 'll have a log of everything we say . 
 while i consider the problem , vel excuses himself with a silent gesture . 
 when he returns , he has his bounty-hunter backpack . 
 at first i 'm surprised the bugs did n't confiscate it ; but then , if i know vel , he secured it well before leaving his quarters . 
 he works quietly for a moment , then he says , `` i 've programmed it to report a random and banal variety of small talk in a fair approximation of our voices . 
 they 'll notice the pattern eventually , once they have some way to understand what 's being said , but this should buy us some time . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 my rooms have been searched . 
 though i do n't have much in the way of possessions , i can tell things have been moved and replaced . 
 i check the sleeping area next . 
 at least constance is still on the ship , where she 's safe . 
 `` will they want to question constance , too ? '' 
 `` they think she is human , '' he points out . 
 `` it is natural she would be taken for interrogation when they realize she has been omitted from their lists . '' 
 ah , shit . 
 `` how bad will it be if they discover her true nature ? '' 
 `` bad . 
 prestige is earned by not being caught . '' 
 i suspect he 's understating the problem . 
 can constance keep up the charade under duress ? 
 she 's not programmed to dissemble . 
 i feel myself start to sweat . 
 it feels like everything is crumbling to pieces , and there 's not a damn thing i can do about it . 
 the worst part is-if they catch me in one deceit , they 'll start looking for other offenses . 
 they might scan me and find the chip . 
 how i wish i could just jump and get the hell out of here . 
 i 'm so hungry for grimspace and the distant throb of the beacons , the colors streaming through my mind . 
 a shudder rolls over me , nearly bending me double . 
 when things were going well , it was much easier to block this craving . 
 now all my instincts are telling me to cut and run-that it 's not going to get better . 
 it 's only going to get worse , and i do n't want to be around when it does . 
 that 's definitely consistent with my instincts . 
 in the past , i have n't been the most reliable individual ; i think of my own well-being first , and to hell with everyone else . 
 if my mother knew , she 'd be laughing her ass off . 
 what did she say ? 
 that my mere presence would be enough to create havoc , despite my best intentions . 
 mary curse it , i do n't want to prove her right . 
 focus , jax . 
 what allies do you have on world ? 
 `` would we be able to see devri ? '' 
 `` we can not keep the visit secret from security , but yes , we should be able to access him . 
 if we can not , then things are worse than i had imagined . '' 
 i consider that . 
 if we draw attention to him right now , we might lose an ally . 
 on the other hand , if we do nothing , we 've already lost , but i 'm not the best at judging what differentiates a strategic retreat from a virtual surrender here . 
 maybe lying low for a while would be the smart thing . 
 all diplomatic functions have been suspended while they figure out who poisoned sharis . 
 `` i need to know what you talked about when you had that private chat . '' 
 vel answers with no hesitation . 
 `` devri alerted me to the existence of extremist factions that would stop at nothing to prevent this alliance from coming to pass . '' 
 `` so they would n't balk at attempted murder . '' 
 `` hardly . 
 neither of us imagined they would move so quickly , however . '' 
 `` can he help us ? '' 
 it 's a bald question . 
 he hesitates , then finally offers , `` i do not know . '' 
 i do n't like that answer . 
 when vel finds himself stumped , we must be in a world of trouble . 
 i know i ca n't sort this out on my own , though . 
 `` i 'd better bounce a message to chancellor tarn , '' i decide aloud . 
 `` no more playing fast and loose , guessing at what 's best . 
 i 'll do as i 'm told . '' 
 `` i wish i had recorded that for posterity . '' 
 as i fire up the terminal , i laugh ruefully . 
 `` i hear you . '' 
 the bounty hunter helps me with double-layered encryption , then i summarize our current circumstances to the best of my ability , concluding with , `` jax , standing by . 
 please advise . '' 
 it 'll be tomorrow at the earliest before i hear , however . 
 we need to get through the day without making things worse . 
 given the situation , that 's a lot like saying we just need to balance the boiling pot of water on our heads for the next eighteen hours without spilling a drop . 
 easier said than done . 
 after that , vel takes off . 
 he has to help with the interrogations . 
 under the circumstances , he must feel really trapped . 
 if you did n't already know , waiting sucks . 
 i do n't want to go wandering around the government center and encounter possible hostility , which would further weaken my position . 
 but i do n't enjoy hunkering down and hiding either . 
 then it occurs to me . 
 march might have a problem in custody . 
 he has n't taken his meds yet today , and it has n't been very long since i worked on him in the cockpit . 
 please , do n't let all that progress be lost . 
 please do n't let him go nuts . 
 i do n't want to have suffered like that for nothing . 
 i ca n't imagine how he 'll respond to questioning , let alone how he 'll react to being locked up by hostile bugs . 
 i start to feel sick . 
 dina and hit are the first ones released . 
 they come to my quarters right away , as if we 'd planned it . 
 i 'm so relieved to see them that i greet both women with a hard embrace , which turns into a three-way hug . 
 dina rests her golden head against mine for a moment , and , as always , she smells of springtime . 
 hit laughs softly , giving us both a squeeze with her long arms `` if jael were here , he 'd have a helluva spike right now . '' 
 i smirk as i step back ; the levity helps . 
 `` you two okay ? '' 
 `` more or less , '' dina mutters . 
 `` ehon asked us the same questions 140 times each . '' 
 `` it helped that we were together last night , '' hit adds . 
 i nod , taking a seat . 
 at least i have company for the vigil . 
 clearly it 's going to be a long night . 
 chapter 35 i have n't slept . 
 jael joins dina , me , and hit shortly before dawn . 
 it goes without saying that we wo n't retire until we 're all reunited . 
 march still has n't been released , and i 'm worried about him . 
 he 's not secure enough yet to take this kind of stress . 
 if he relapses , i do n't know what i 'll do . 
 i did n't even get to enjoy having him back . 
 in late morning , tarn 's image comes up on the terminal , stern and uncompromising . 
 i 've played his message once , and i still ca n't believe his recommendation . 
 the last part is the corker . 
 `` i repeat , do n't do anything . 
 allow the ithtorians to do their jobs . 
 show them that we , as human beings , respect their methods . 
 i have no doubt they will soon apprehend those responsible for the attack on councilor sharis , and they will respect your patience . '' 
 gah , patience . 
 not my strong suit . 
 if he wanted passivity , tarn sent the wrong woman to ithiss-tor . 
 dammit , now i wish i had n't asked for his orders . 
 this way , if i act otherwise , i 'm disobeying his directive . 
 though it goes against every impulse , i tell myself i 'm going to be good this time . 
 no more going off half-cocked , doing what i think best . 
 i 'm playing this crisis by the book , so if tarn says stay , i stay . 
 that 's not easy , however , because i ca n't stop fretting . 
 i wish vel was here . 
 deep down , i know what he 'll say . 
 humans have almost no rights on ithiss-tor , so they can do damn well what they please , as far as we 're concerned . 
 that 's what scares me . 
 it 's nearly nightfall , and i 've lost two games of charm by the time march appears . 
 tossing my cards aside , i go for him at a run . 
 he has to be exhausted , but march catches me up in his arms and holds me to him , burying his face in my coarse curls . 
 his heat is the best thing i 've ever felt in my life , but it gets better . 
 march reached for me . 
 we stand there like that for uncounted minutes , and nobody says a word . 
 `` they like me for it , '' march says , low . 
 `` thank mary , they have no proof . '' 
 i step back , eyes wide . 
 `` what ? 
 that 's ridiculous . '' 
 he shrugs , coming into my quarters . 
 `` not so much . 
 i 'm a trained soldier with a history of violence . 
 i 've also killed for pay . 
 to an outsider , i 'm their guy . 
 now they just need to make the facts fit my profile . '' 
 jael scowls . 
 `` what you 're saying applies to me as well , mate . 
 why 'd they cut me loose so fast ? '' 
 despite myself , i smile at him . 
 `` you just do n't look like a criminal mastermind , pretty boy . '' 
 the merc growls something at me , but dina glares him to silence . 
 we do n't have time to pander to jael 's ego . 
 before it can become an issue , the door chimes again , and i answer it to find vel standing there . 
 excellent , we 're almost all present and accounted for now . 
 except constance . 
 i 'm afraid to contact the ship to see if she 's there . 
 the ithtorians may be able to translate the inquiry , then they 'll realize they 're missing a member of my team . 
 that 's assuming they do n't have her now . 
 i wish i knew if inaction was the best course , here . 
 i know tarn does n't give a rat 's ass about my pa , but i do . 
 in a reflex that 's become second nature , i greet vel with a warm , affectionate wa , layered from the angle of my head to the fold of my fingers behind the slant of my forearm . 
 this time i know exactly what i 'm saying : brown bird welcomes white wave . 
 wander no more , dear traveler . 
 vel pauses so long that i think i got it wrong . 
 then he returns the greeting with heartbreaking sincerity . 
 brown bird honors white wave . 
 the sea ever seeks the shore . 
 something tells me the chip is incapable of processing the nuances , but i can read between the lines . 
 i 'm pretty sure he 's telling me he feels at home with me , and i could never seek a higher compliment . 
 `` you 're all done translating for them ? '' 
 hit makes it sound like he 's an enemy collaborator , so i affix a cool look on her . 
 i might like her for how happy she seems to make dina , but that does n't mean i 'm going to let her turn that tongue on vel . 
 `` it would be worse if he refused to aid the ithtorians . 
 we have orders to cooperate as they request and otherwise stay put . '' 
 dina snorts . 
 `` since when do you follow orders ? '' 
 do n't let her rile you , dammit . 
 `` since i got us into so much trouble on the way here , '' i say quietly . 
 `` what we 're doing is important , and i 've got to trust that tarn knows what he 's doing . 
 it means disaster if we fail . '' 
 surprise registers in the mechanic 's jade eyes . 
 `` you really mean that . '' 
 i nod . 
 that seems to sober everyone in the room . 
 responsible jax , who gives a damn ? 
 call the gutter press ; many of them were hoping to retire on my bad judgment . 
 but there will be no more glimpses of my tits on the midnight bounce , no more private vids leaked , no more drunken table dancing . 
 over the past ten years , the universe has seen me do many amazing and scandalous things , but this just might be the most shocking . 
 `` they have dossiers on all of us , '' vel adds . 
 `` ehon did his best to coerce a confession out of march then and there . 
 i have never seen anything quite like it . '' 
 `` there has to be some reason they 've zeroed in on him , '' hit says . 
 dina agrees . 
 `` it does n't make sense otherwise . '' 
 `` sitting around wondering about it wo n't solve anything . '' 
 march strides toward the terminal , and i 'm happy to see his take-charge attitude emerging . 
 `` i 'll call doc aboard the ship , see if he can figure out some treatment their physicians may have missed . 
 if we can save sharis , it 'll look a helluva lot better for us . '' 
 `` fantastic idea . '' 
 no wonder i love this man . 
 he loses himself in the conversation with doc , which-if translated-will do much to exonerate us . 
 i do n't think the ithtorians will think us clever or devious enough to come up with such a convoluted plan to poison sharis , then save him , establishing ourselves as heroes via our own misdeeds . 
 jael and hit share a significant look , and he asks , `` do you think they 'll let us go back to the ship ? 
 i 'd like to get some gear just in case we have to defend you . '' 
 i glance at vel , who answers , `` it is unlikely . '' 
 the merc pushes to his feet . 
 `` then i 'll do some scouting . 
 i need to know every possible route they can take to come after you . 
 maybe i can also scrounge up some tech from here that can be useful . '' 
 `` we 'll come with you . '' 
 hit stands also . 
 `` it 's not smart to wander around alone right now . '' 
 dina throws down her cards . 
 `` agreed . 
 let 's see what we can do . '' 
 once they 've gone , vel catches my eye . 
 i interpret his gesture as wanting privacy , even though march is the only one here , so i sidle toward the sleeping area . 
 `` we must locate constance , '' he tells me , once we 're alone , relatively speaking . 
 it does n't strike me as strange that he and i should handle this extra crisis quietly . 
 no reason to give everyone else more to fret about it-and he knows this world best . 
 `` i completely agree . 
 jael told me she was working on the ship last night . 
 did the ithtorians scoop her up from there ? '' 
 he spreads his claws in a human expression of puzzlement . 
 `` she was not among those taken for questioning . '' 
 `` the ithtorians know about her , '' i mutter . 
 `` given time , they 'll realize she 's unaccounted for . 
 that wo n't look good ... she 's my personal assistant . 
 what 's she doing , i wonder ? 
 this kind of autonomy is n't like her . '' 
 vel considers . 
 `` what was your last instruction to her ? '' 
 in a moment , the exact verbiage comes to me : if you can do some more work on the alliance advantages , i 'd appreciate that very much . 
 i groan aloud . 
 ah , mary , no . 
 she did n't . 
 she would n't . 
 `` what ? '' 
 vel asks . 
 yes , she would , a little voice says . 
 she 's a helpful administrator pa , housed in an ambulatory casing . 
 she 'd do whatever it took to complete her assignment . 
 `` i told her to research the advantages of the alliance further . '' 
 vel tracks my thought process like a , well , bounty hunter . 
 `` she may have determined she needed more data on my people before she could offer concrete value . '' 
 `` so she 's doing field research , '' i conclude . 
 `` can we look for her ? '' 
 if i get her back intact , i 'm going to be more careful how i phrase things . 
 though she seems so human and capable , she 's more like a small child in terms of the literal way she looks at the world . 
 she would n't have considered the ramifications of what she was doing , only the most efficient method of carrying out my instructions . 
 vel shakes his head . 
 `` not easily . 
 if she has managed to pass undetected this long , perhaps we underestimate her abilities . 
 i hope she has not come to harm , but it will certainly arouse suspicion if we go in search of her now . 
 we can not be caught attempting to leave our housing complex , so for now , we must maintain a holding pattern , as tarn instructed . '' 
 i hate hearing that . 
 three days pass , the bugs pursuing their painstaking investigation . 
 they wo n't tell me anything when i inquire . 
 we 're confined to our wing of the annex as best as i can tell `` for your own safety . '' 
 apparently it 's getting ugly out there , and i suspect it wo n't improve as long as we remain in hiding . 
 to my mind , doing so reeks of cowardice and guilt . 
 sharis clings to life stubbornly , and that 's my sole comfort . 
 if he dies , events escalate from nasty to irreparable . 
 doc has n't come to any conclusions , nothing the bugs do n't already know , but he has a lead on a regenerative nanoprotein string that might be able to do something about the internal burns sharis suffered when he ingested the food laced with citric acid . 
 we live in hope that doc will be able to reverse some of the damage . 
 a very chilly councilor karom calls on the morning of the fourth day . 
 he does n't bother with a wa over the vid . 
 `` please inform your pet , '' he addresses vel , `` that sharis will never again enjoy full health , even if he survives . 
 i am not alone in blaming your delegation . 
 it is only a matter of time before one of you is arrested . 
 you might find it wise to flee before we discover which of you vermin did this . '' 
 yeah , running away would solve all our problems . 
 i disconnect the call without bothering with any of the outward trappings of diplomacy either . 
 maybe we should leave . 
 i do n't think the alliance is going to happen now . 
 nothing i do hereafter will make a difference . 
 despair weighs on me , knowing how bad it is in the star lanes already . 
 raiders , farwan loyalists , syndicate skyjackers , and the morgut rampaging unchecked-ramona will love this . 
 people will queue up to pay her protection money . 
 the thought of her satisfaction absolutely galls me . 
 and we still have n't heard from constance . 
 she 's not just my pa ; she 's also my friend . 
 did n't she try to comfort me after the grand administrator drugged me , and i dreamed about kai ? 
 when i woke , it felt like i had lost him all over again . 
 constance was kind , and she touched my hair that night . 
 i have n't seen her since . 
 jael told me she was fine , so i did n't worry until the next day . 
 and then i listened when vel said it would n't be prudent to search for her . 
 but if she were human , i would n't have listened . 
 i 'd have searched before now . 
 guilt becomes my constant companion , and not even march 's arms around me can dispel the gloom that 's fallen . 
 on day five of our polite incarceration , things go from bad to worse . 
 hard times hit dobrinya asteroid -lsb- onn : byline lili lightman -rsb- fighting broke out today on a mining colony hard hit by the food shortage . 
 gaunt-faced men wrestled for the last packet of paste while starving children wept . 
 the riots continued until volunteers put themselves in peril to pacify the situation . 
 there were ten serious injuries and one fatality by the time the dust settled . 
 dobrinya asteroid is harsh on its settlers , one of the most extreme environments that allows for human habitation , for it is impossible to step outside without a pressure suit . 
 this small outpost makes its living from the uranium mines . 
 there 's big profit for those willing to put up with living so far from civilization , but their survival relies on regular trade vessels to make the difference between credit-rich and provision-poor . 
 these people can not farm outdoors . 
 they have a finite amount of space upon which to subsist , and as miners marry and have children , the population is increasing . 
 `` supply ships do n't run as regular as they used to , '' mine manager olen brown said . 
 `` it does n't matter how many credits you have in your account . 
 if the merchantmen ca n't make it through , then we do n't get organic for the kitchen-mate . 
 by the time the last ship got here , we were down to almost nothing and trying to jury-rig the recyclers to purify our waste . '' 
 pirates have plagued this particular trade route , preying on both freighters carrying supplies and those loaded with ore slated for processing . 
 the more daring raiders sell the stolen goods to the dobrinya miners at a ridiculously inflated price . 
 colonies everywhere are feeling the pinch of a disordered galactic economy . 
 `` sometimes you do n't have a choice , '' longtime resident basil knapp said . 
 `` recently , we bought from the pirates , which only encourages them . 
 but it was that or starve . 
 dobrinya has been good to me , but if things do n't take a turn for the better , i may need to move somewhere safer . 
 problem is , i do n't know where that would be . '' 
 there are a few alternatives they can explore . 
 jere bowen , local physician , proposed the following : `` since we ca n't rely on regular shipments anymore , we need to work on becoming self-sufficient . 
 laying in a hydroponics garden would be the most practical solution . 
 unfortunately , we did n't foresee this , and we do n't have all the components . 
 that means we need to order supplies ... and , well , you see the problem there . '' 
 it 's definitely a volatile situation . 
 supply store clerk sadie reid asked , `` why is it that nobody is doing anything about this ? 
 i feel like we 've been totally abandoned out here . 
 does n't anyone care whether we live or die ? 
 after they murdered miriam jocasta , i never thought i 'd say this , but ... i miss farwan . 
 they were bastards , but at least they kept us safe . '' 
 bolstered by overpriced supplies , things have calmed on dobrinya , but the population is sadder and more subdued in the aftermath . 
 during this hardship , they can only cling to one another in the face of a government that seems to have forsaken them . 
 chapter 36 a full complement of bug soldiers shows up at my lodgings . 
 no conversation , they simply come in , according to the commander 's directive . 
 they make for a particular section of wall , and , while i watch , not understanding what i 'm seeing at first , they dismantle one of the sections . 
 there 's a secret cache inside . 
 a technician seizes the item and logs it on a datapad . 
 my heart sinks . 
 i do n't need to be told what they 've found . 
 shit . 
 someone really went to a lot of trouble to make it look like we were behind sharis 's poisoning . 
 `` ambassador-or should i call you spy ? 
 we will be taking you and your translator into custody for further questioning . '' 
 the captain seems pleased with this development , as well he might . 
 `` custody '' is probably a euphemism for holding us indefinitely . 
 i do n't understand this time . 
 how can things have gone so drastically wrong ? 
 i did everything by the book ; i took tarn 's suggestions seriously and did my best to comply . 
 think , jax . 
 if i let them take vel and me , there 's no coming back from that . 
 the alliance will never happen , even if we 're eventually exonerated . 
 i have to find some way to spin this , but i 'm coming up blank . 
 there 's just no good reason why i 'd have citric acid hidden in a tiny vial inside one of my walls . 
 `` i had no opportunity the night sharis fell ill , '' i point out . 
 `` and no motive . '' 
 the commander does n't care . 
 once vel translates , he replies , `` il-nok may be lying for you , or perhaps you poisoned the food at some earlier time , knowing sharis would not eat it until later . '' 
 there are more holes in this theory than in a piece of green gehenna cheese , but i do n't think they 're looking for logic . 
 they want a scapegoat , someone they can hold up to the general populace and say , this is the culprit . 
 enjoy her punishment ! 
 see , now you can sleep safely again . 
 we 've taken care of the problem as we always do . 
 they must 've analyzed all the scans they took the first time they searched my quarters . 
 bugs are slow but methodical when they work , and they would have left no centimeter unexamined . 
 that 's when it occurs to me . 
 `` i knew you had checked this place thoroughly , '' i say then . 
 `` if that 's mine , why would n't i have moved it before your return ? 
 that makes no sense at all . 
 the person who planted it either did n't know you 'd taken readings or did n't care . 
 neither applies to me . '' 
 `` perhaps you were unfamiliar with the way our technology works . '' 
 the captain is out of patience with me . 
 `` will you come quietly , or must i use force ? '' 
 every muscle bristles with the urge to fight . 
 my stance says , bring it . 
 `` it 's mine , '' march says into the silence . 
 `` they knew nothing about my personal agenda . '' 
 he stands tall and strong , arms behind his back . 
 there 's a certain resolve about him , as if he knew this was inevitable . 
 oh , mary , no . 
 i remember him saying , they like me for it . 
 in awakening his emotions , i 've also aroused his monstrous sense of accountability . 
 coupled with impossible altruism , i know exactly why he 's doing this . 
 no , no , no . 
 i do n't want him to save me . 
 i want him to stay with me . 
 tears prickle at the corners of my eyes . 
 he did n't do this . 
 he would n't . 
 but he seems so firm ; maybe it comes from the knowledge he 's delivering us from an ugly situation . 
 something tells me march would rather die a hero than as an old man in my bed . 
 we share that in common . 
 the crew freezes , as if they do n't dare breathe . 
 everything holds a queer , polished sheen from the glimmer running along dina 's golden hair to the glamour of hit 's dusky skin . 
 the light refracts to the chitin of the bugs standing by with weapons . 
 at any moment , this could turn into a bloodbath to make fitzwilliam 's colossal blunder look like a minor glitch . 
 `` and i did n't realize your scans would show spatial anomalies , '' march continues , seemingly oblivious to the tension . 
 `` i never meant to cause any trouble for you personally , jax . 
 but i 'm a purist ... it offends me to think of allying with these monsters . 
 however bad it gets out there , we can handle it on our own , as we always have . 
 nobody bailed us out in the axis wars . '' 
 the conviction in his voice alarms me . 
 while vel relays march 's words , a look of stunned heartbreak shines in dina 's clear green eyes . 
 hit takes her hand , probably trying to comfort , but dina shakes her off . 
 `` no , '' the mechanic says . 
 `` he 's lying , he has to be . 
 do n't let him do this , jax . '' 
 i do n't know how she thinks i can stop it . 
 the wheels are already in motion , and they 're not going to listen to anything i have to say . 
 they wanted a scapegoat , and now they have one . 
 i could kill him for this , but i 'm terrified the bugs will do that for me . 
 march will wind up in the mines , and he wo n't even have his emotional detachment as a defense mechanism . 
 still , i try . 
 `` scan him to make sure he 's telling the truth . '' 
 i know the bugs have the technology , but the commander reacts as if i have suggested something vaguely obscene . 
 `` do you call your own lover a liar , ambassador ? 
 one wonders at your judgment then , as i can smell him all over you . '' 
 vel repeats the insult , and , by the way his claws unfurl , he would like to teach the captain some manners . 
 under any other circumstances , i 'd let him . 
 with untold effort , i manage to keep my cool when all my instincts are telling me to wade in and wreck this room , then run for it . 
 too much rides on this for me to yield to my impulses , but using my head instead does n't come easy . 
 i 'm afraid i do n't think fast or clear enough to save march from himself . 
 he 's determined to die a martyr , the son of a bitch . 
 now i know what it 's like for him when i obsess over when i 'll die in grimspace . 
 i do n't like the taste of my own medicine at all . 
 `` he would do anything to protect me , '' i say then . 
 and i know it 's true . 
 vel relays my statement . 
 `` a protective deception ? '' 
 the commander taps his claws against his carapace , thoughtful . 
 `` it is an intriguing concept , ambassador , but you might consider this : only a full confession can trump what has already been said here . 
 does that mean you wish to make a full confession ? '' 
 i should . 
 if we both confess , they ca n't convict either of us , can they ? 
 a little voice answers , they can call us collaborators , and send us both to the mines . 
 but at least we 'd be together ... i think while vel repeats the commander 's words . 
 if it was just me , i would speak without question , but so many people are counting on me . 
 i do n't know if there 's anything that can salvage the situation here , but i ca n't give up . 
 not even to save my lover . 
 the matter has to be put to a vote . 
 `` i wish to make a full confession , '' march says . 
 his dark gaze touches mine . 
 warmth surges through me , telling me he 's come inside me . 
 it 's all right . 
 even now , he reassures me . 
 your mission is bigger than both of us , and we both know this is the only way . 
 do the right thing , jax . 
 live for me . 
 a sob tries to fight its way out of my throat . 
 before i can process what 's happened , the soldiers take him . 
 their captain lingers only long enough to advise us not to go anywhere , but i 'm the only human who understands him . 
 vel hurries after them to assist with translation . 
 `` well , here 's a bright side , '' jael says . 
 `` this should n't stick to the rest of us . 
 if your boy doc can rig a treatment , and you lot patch sharis up , that 'll look mighty good for your alliance . 
 daft of march to go out like that , though , and that 's all i 'll say on it . '' 
 `` you have no idea what kind of man he is . 
 so do n't talk about him , '' dina snarls . 
 `` or i will knock your teeth so far down your throat you 'll be picking them out of your shit for a week . '' 
 jael smiles , but it 's not pretty , does n't match his face . 
 `` you 'd be welcome to try . '' 
 i have no stake in this argument . 
 i do n't much care if they kill each other . 
 hit can rein them in-or not . 
 right now it 's a matter of supreme indifference to me . 
 with a pained sound , i sink to the floor . 
 the tears i 've been strangling sluice down my cheeks unchecked . 
 oh , mary , i 'm so lost . 
 `` both of you shut the hell up . '' 
 the pilot sounds almost casual as she kneels beside me . 
 to my surprise , she wraps her arms around me like adele might have done . 
 hit does n't offer platitudes . 
 she ca n't guarantee it 'll all be fine , but i 'm grateful for her warmth . 
 for a killer , she has good people skills ; no wonder dina digs her . 
 this is not who i am . 
 i do n't do well playing by other people 's rules . 
 this job is killing me . 
 worse , it 's killing march . 
 something 's got to give . 
 chapter 37 `` right , '' hit says eventually . 
 `` i let you grieve , but now it 's time for action . 
 what 're we doing about this , jax ? 
 clearly this ca n't stand . '' 
 maybe i just needed to hear it . 
 whatever the case , her positive manner catalyzes me away from looming despair . 
 with an appreciative nod , i sit away from her and push to my feet . 
 movement always helps me think . 
 `` he 'll buy us some time in custody , '' i say slowly . 
 `` but we have to make it count . 
 if we take too long , they 'll send him to the mines , and - '' `` then it will be all but impossible to retrieve him , '' vel supplies , returning . 
 `` march refuses to accept my advice or assistance . '' 
 `` either he 's ready to die , '' i mutter , `` or he trusts us to get him out of this . '' 
 dina scowls . 
 `` let 's assume the latter . '' 
 `` vel ? '' 
 i turn to the bounty hunter with a question in my eyes . 
 `` i need to know the best course here . 
 is there any way we can secure both the alliance and march 's release at this point ? '' 
 he considers . 
 `` unlikely . 
 you will have to choose , jax . 
 it is possible that the vote would still come in your favor , as you have cooperated fully and made a highly civilized impression by turning over the guilty party . '' 
 i did n't want to hear that . 
 `` so it 's march or failing here , like fitzwilliam did on rodeisia . 
 that 's what you 're telling me . '' 
 `` i am afraid so . '' 
 march knew that when he confessed . 
 the bastard knew . 
 ah , damn . 
 why ? 
 sorrow flashes through me . 
 this jax is broken and unable to function , so i push her to the back of my brain . 
 it 's time for a new one , canny and ruthless . 
 dina brightens when i say , `` then there 's no question of what we 'll do . '' 
 no , there is n't . 
 the mechanic rubs her hands together . 
 `` so what 's the plan ? '' 
 `` call doc to see if he 's made any progress on a treatment . 
 vel , get devri on the comm . 
 ask him how it looks for the vote . '' 
 vel complies without question . 
 i do n't know what i did to deserve his loyalty , but i can trust him more than anyone else in my life . 
 the mechanic might well turn on me when she finds out what i intend . 
 the clicks and chitters of his conversation come through in words via the chip , but i ca n't tell what devri is saying , based on vel 's end of the conversation . 
 it sounds like he 's doing a lot of listening . 
 `` should n't we be getting our gear ? '' 
 dina looks puzzled . 
 she really does n't realize that i 've made the hard choice . 
 `` a few days ago , we managed to scavenge some good stuff and hide it nearby . 
 we need to find out their patrol schedules , then work out a battle plan . 
 it wo n't be easy getting off world , but - '' when she sees me shaking my head , she slams a fist into my mouth . 
 my head rocks back , and i can taste blood from my split lips , but i do n't take a swing at her . 
 inside , i feel those layers of ice gaining power . 
 hit grabs dina 's arms and holds her while she struggles . 
 dina curses me in at least four languages . 
 `` how could you ? 
 heartless bitch ! '' 
 `` if we save him , it wo n't be with guns and bloodshed , '' i counter . 
 her words burn me with their scorn-and their truth . 
 `` you do n't even want to try ! 
 just like you almost left him on hon 's kingdom . 
 somebody gets to be too big a burden , you walk away . '' 
 sickness spirals through me . 
 she 's right . 
 i considered leaving march behind when i thought he was too injured to move . 
 just for a few seconds , and loras-the comm officer we lost-served as my conscience . 
 march always said it does n't matter what you almost do . 
 he understood then , and he will now , too . 
 i steel myself with the surety that i 'm not the same person i was then . 
 `` right now , the alliance has to be our first priority . 
 we 'll take care of him after we complete our primary objective . 
 but march is a soldier , '' i tell her quietly . 
 `` he understands the risks . 
 soldiers die in wartime . 
 you know that . 
 and you know him . 
 tell me he 'd be okay with condemning thousands of innocent civilians so he could walk free . 
 tell me he would n't hate that more than dying with honor . '' 
 i step forward , holding her green gaze with mine . 
 `` go on . 
 if you can say it , i 'll change course right now . '' 
 but she ca n't . 
 her lashes sweep down , shielding her damp eyes . 
 `` not like this , '' she whispers . 
 `` it was n't supposed to be like this . '' 
 my heart should be breaking , too , but there comes a point when you 're so inured to loss that you no longer feel the lash . 
 hit wraps her arms around dina from behind , and i hug her straight on , letting her head drop to my shoulder . 
 her tears drip against my neck . 
 i feel immovable like a stone . 
 in the background , i can hear jael talking to someone . 
 i 'd have to turn around to see what 's up , and that can wait . 
 if i lose dina here , too , i do n't know what i 'll do . 
 i stroke her hair , marveling at her intensity . 
 `` you have my word , '' i murmur . 
 `` i will continue my own investigation , now that the ithtorians are placated . 
 and if i find out one of our own is responsible , i will peel his skin from his living body and feed it to him . '' 
 `` i want to be there . '' 
 dina gets herself under control and steps back . 
 i stifle a smile at how hit knows exactly when to let go . 
 they 're really good together . 
 `` that 's a promise . 
 if it 's one of the ithtorians , though , we may never see justice . 
 you understand that ? '' 
 she nods . 
 `` good of the many outweighs the good of the few . 
 i have a diplomatic background , jax . 
 i understand strategic sacrifice . 
 just ... not march . 
 he 's given enough . 
 you know ? '' 
 yeah , i get that . 
 he 's earned a lifetime of peace and happiness , but some people never get what they deserve . 
 that 's why there are saints in gutters and sadists in palaces . 
 `` i have a bit of good news , '' jael puts in . 
 `` while you ladies were being emotional , i checked in with doc . 
 he 's sorted something out . 
 he wants us to swing by the ship . 
 we 're not still under house arrest , are we ? '' 
 `` let 's find out . '' 
 i head for the door . 
 no sensors go off ; no alarms ring . 
 there does n't even seem to be a guard nearby . 
 that means they believe in march 's guilt . 
 now that they have him in custody , there 's no reason to watch the lot of us . 
 en masse , we head for the underground . 
 first stop is the spaceport . 
 doc will need our help getting to the hospital . 
 of us all , only vel is supposed to understand the mass transit system . 
 thankfully , when we arrive , doc is too distracted to ask about march . 
 i do n't think i could face telling him right now . 
 instead , he 's all enthused about testing his treatment . 
 sometimes i forget how much of a mad scientist he is-in the best possible way . 
 `` great work , '' i greet him . 
 `` i ca n't stress how important this is . 
 are you sure it will work ? '' 
 doc frowns . 
 `` as sure as i can be from running simulations . '' 
 rose pins me with a hard look as we go . 
 `` do n't let anything happen to him . '' 
 or you 'll hunt me down and kill me . 
 got it . 
 the implied threat does n't faze me ; to do me bodily harm , she 'll need to join the queue . 
 she 's been his lover for many years . 
 from mair 's journals , i know rose fought for him when he first arrived from the commune on saleris , answering the advert for someone willing to train as a geneticist to aid the clans . 
 the other men found him weak and laughable because he would n't fight back . 
 they are n't married , but she loves him fiercely . 
 the woman clearly does n't like him disembarking , but we need him to explain what effect the regimen will have . 
 likely their physicians will want to test it to prevent further harm , but i have high hopes . 
 if one of ours can help him recover , it will help the alliance immeasurably . 
 and after march 's sacrifice , i ca n't fail here . 
 i have to make it worthwhile . 
 `` do n't worry , '' i tell her politely . 
 `` we 'll have him back before you know it . '' 
 then we 're off to the hospital . 
 not surprisingly , sharis is well guarded . 
 vel has to explain our mission to four different commanders , going up the food chain each time , before one of them thinks to fetch the doctor in charge of the councilman 's case . 
 after fifteen minutes of milling around , he escorts us to a lounge to wait . 
 activity prevents me from thinking about what i 've lost . 
 somewhere deep inside , i 'm dying , but there will be time for that later . 
 a navigator always makes one big jump before the end anyway . 
 mine has to be spectacular to live up to my reputation . 
 eventually , a bug physician deigns to come see what we want . 
 doc launches into a long , technical explanation , which vel translates . 
 at first the ithtorian doctor does n't seem to believe what we 're saying . 
 he thinks it 's a trick , although why we 'd be dim enough to tell them we 're trying to finish sharis off-well , it really illuminates for me just how stupid they think humans are . 
 the light dawns , gradually . 
 how it must sting that the idiot soft-skins came up with a cure . 
 `` we will need to test this extensively , '' the doctor says , taking the datapad with doc 's results on them . 
 `` and verify your results . 
 but if your findings are accurate , we will be beyond grateful . 
 we are unable to do more than keep him stable , unfortunately . 
 citric acid is an alien toxin , and thus , we have never had a case like this before . 
 trying to figure out how to treat internal burns has stumped us . '' 
 `` we just want him to get better , '' i say sincerely . 
 the others echo my concern . 
 that seems like our cue to let the good bugs get down to business . 
 we ca n't be too pushy about this , or they 'll become suspicious that there 's something hidden in the data . 
 scary how well i 've come to know their thought processes since we 've been here . 
 they 'll waste crucial time trying to deconstruct what doc has found instead of verifying his treatment . 
 i execute a respectful wa in parting as if the best of me is n't sitting in a cell , awaiting judgment . 
 chapter 38 my first sign things have changed for the better comes when a courier intercepts us on the way back to the government center where we 're lodged . 
 a quick check tells me he 's male . 
 that 's common ; males often hold low-ranking , fetch-and-carry positions here . 
 he 's also lacking any stripes on his carapace , so he 's either young or incompetent . 
 i do n't remember seeing this particular bug before . 
 `` councilor devri would like a word with you , '' he says with an obsequious but somehow insincere wa . 
 i return his polite discourtesy , layering my bow with meanings i 'm not supposed to understand . 
 maybe it 's petty , but i enjoy puzzling them and making them wonder if it 's a fluke , like a dog that can howl in tune . 
 the messenger regards me for a moment with his head canted at an insulting angle . 
 behind him , water trickles down the textured walls , making a soft sound that offers the illusion of privacy anywhere in the complex . 
 the pallor of the organic building material contrasts sharply with the lush , extravagant colors that grow in a riot all around us . 
 on the far wall , there 's a climbing plant with large , spiky leaves in a green so bright it almost looks artificial , and the blooms look like blood . 
 there are not nearly enough doors in any of their buildings . 
 everything stands wide open , full of scrolling arches that make me think of hives . 
 mary , but i would love to snap my fingers three times at the lot of them and go get march . 
 instead , i make my expression welcoming without showing my teeth . 
 vel translates unnecessarily-and i 'm tired of that , too . 
 the air is too thick and sweet , a little too warm . 
 ithtorians prefer to keep the indoors like the tropics they no longer enjoy outside , but i 'm no hothouse flower . 
 `` we 'd be honored to see devri , '' i answer at length . 
 `` only you and your translator , '' he cautions me . 
 well , that 's a familiar theme . 
 does that mean devri does n't think the authorities arrested the right guy , or does he really not trust us now ? 
 if that 's the case , it 's a fierce blow . 
 besides sharis , he was the strongest ally we had . 
 if he thinks we 'll take hostile action against him if he sees us all , then we 're fragged . 
 the others shrug to show they do n't mind being excluded . 
 `` i think we 'll head back to the ship , actually . '' 
 dina does n't look to hit for agreement , taking her acquiescence for granted . 
 doc agrees . 
 `` rose will worry if i tarry too long . '' 
 he still has n't asked about march , likely figuring he 's off brooding somewhere . 
 maybe it 's better if he believes that for as long as possible . 
 i sure as hell do n't want to be the one who breaks the bad news ; doc will be devastated . 
 something tells me march is like a son to him . 
 they 've known each other for turns . 
 i realize now i 'm not even sure how long it 's been . 
 long enough for him to be saved and lost and saved again . 
 long enough for him to fight a war to repay a dead woman 's kindness . 
 i ca n't continue with that train of thought . 
 it 'll break me . 
 so the other four return to the spaceport , leaving vel and me to be escorted to devri 's apartment . 
 though we know the way , the messenger dogs our every step . 
 i 'm not sure if it 's meant to be flattering , or if he 's been charged with retrieving us like a couple of lost parcels . 
 thankfully , he does n't say much along the way . 
 my heart is n't in this anymore . 
 i 'm doing the right thing , but i do n't want to . 
 with all my heart , i wish i could scrub out my moral conscience and say to hell with the rest of the universe . 
 i want march , and i honestly do n't care how many obscure outposts the morgut ransack as long as we can find a quiet corner to hunker down somewhere . 
 i also know march would never forgive me for making that decision . 
 he 'd find it unforgivable , and i 'd still lose him . 
 at least this way he respects me . 
 fucking cold comfort . 
 i want to hit somebody . 
 it 's getting harder to restrain my impulses . 
 it 's not easy for a navigator to stop jumping , and the stress of my current situation exacerbates the problem . 
 one day soon , i 'm just going to blow , and it will be spectacular . 
 i hope our business is done by then because nothing vel does will hide the fact that the ambassador has gone barking mad . 
 i need to jump . 
 i need to get away . 
 i do n't need to be following some stupid lackey up the lift to devri 's flat . 
 of course , i 'm doing just that , which should tell you just how wrong things are . 
 once we arrive , the messenger makes himself scarce . 
 unlike the last time we were here , the place is empty . 
 i pretend to admire the garden atmosphere , but in truth , i want to go home . 
 i miss furniture made of synth , and solid floors , not stuff that squishes underfoot . 
 devri does n't keep us waiting long . 
 `` if sharis recovers , i am going to call the vote , '' he says without preamble . 
 `` otherwise , you have no hope . '' 
 a blunt answer . 
 well , i respect that . 
 after the obligatory pause for vel to do his thing , i answer , `` i guess you know that we 've been to the clinic ? '' 
 `` indeed . 
 i applaud the notion of putting your personal physician on the problem . 
 it shows your willingness to aid us in times of need , very astute . '' 
 huh . 
 even devri does n't think i might truly care if sharis lives or whether he 's crippled for the rest of his life . 
 i fragging hate politics . 
 `` he is a scientist foremost , '' vel corrects . 
 `` but you are essentially correct . 
 how long do you estimate it will take for your people to validate his data ? '' 
 `` no more than a day . 
 if this treatment can help , then time is of the essence . '' 
 `` it 's early yet , '' i muse , once vel has given me the opening by summarizing their exchange . 
 `` so the vote could take place as soon as two more days ? '' 
 that 's longer than we expected before this mess began . 
 i 'm tired of hearing everything twice . 
 we might be able to let devri in on the secret , but i 'd rather not chance it . 
 he might surprise us in a bad way by switching sides and running to the grand administrator for the prestige of betraying me . 
 i 'm not entirely clear on whether loyalty is a virtue here ; initial impressions indicate it 's situational , impacted by what decision results in the greatest personal achievement . 
 so explain vel , a little voice demands . 
 and i ca n't . 
 it bothers me that he sees himself as defective when he so clearly embodies so many virtues , as humans judge such things . 
 if i were a religious sort , i might think that mary and his iglogth had done some sort of drunken swap one night , and he wound up with a human soul in a bug body . 
 maybe that comes from living among us , though . 
 it 's a question of nurture versus nature , i suppose . 
 but he said he was different from the beginning - '' - factors would need to align . '' 
 shit . 
 i missed what devri said . 
 this time , it comes in handy for vel to repeat : `` if sharis shows improvement as projected by your doctor 's treatment plan , then he could be well enough to vote by the day after tomorrow . 
 of course , a great number of factors would need to align . '' 
 got it . 
 so we have two days . 
 in that time , i might be able to find the bastard who 's responsible for this mess . 
 i 'd like to kill him myself , but maybe , just maybe , i can save march if i present them with this other person along with some compelling evidence . 
 now that we 're no longer confined to quarters i can begin my own investigation . 
 vel can surely help with that . 
 march does n't expect me to save him . 
 i know that . 
 he gave himself up for the greater good , knowing there had to be a whipping boy . 
 but i ca n't let that stand if there 's anything i can do about it . 
 i waffle between grief and despair , not knowing whether his death is inevitable , or if i 'll make this worse . 
 regardless , i wo n't give up on him until they actually put him on the tram to the mines . 
 hell , maybe not even then . 
 i 've acquired something of a reputation for achieving the impossible ; that 's why i 'm here . 
 i incline my head . 
 `` i suspect you did n't call us in to talk about sharis . '' 
 devri seems pleased by my acuity . 
 `` clever female . 
 as a matter of fact , i did not . 
 i wanted to warn you . '' 
 oh , this does n't sound good . 
 i sit quiet , waiting for the rest . 
 `` my sources tell me that the grand administrator does not intend to let you leave the planet . 
 she is highly incensed that one of your party dared to attack a council member . 
 at this point , nothing will appease her but a series of executions . 
 she feels a strong precedent must be set . '' 
 my stomach heaves . 
 `` even if the alliance passes , she still wants to kill us all ? '' 
 `` in a word ? 
 yes . '' 
 chapter 39 vel and i have been left to our own devices . 
 over the past few days , he 's become the best friend i have . 
 i do n't know if he 'd be happy to hear that or entirely alarmed . 
 i doubt i 'll ever field-test it . 
 some things are best left unspoken . 
 this late , the halls are clear and quiet . 
 our first stop is the bank of cameras , where vel installs a gizmo that should scramble them long enough for us to get past unnoticed . 
 and if they ever ask us about the suspicious glitch , well , we 'll alibi each other again . 
 let them keep suspecting what they will about that . 
 it 's bloody convenient . 
 `` are you positive this thing will work ? '' 
 i ask . 
 there 's a certain irony as vel answers , `` no . '' 
 fair enough . 
 he 's been in exile a long time , and technology may have outpaced him . 
 regardless , we have to try . 
 `` do you feel like laying odds ? '' 
 `` if you would be silent for a moment , sirantha , i might be able to finish . '' 
 that 's the closest he 's come to losing his temper in a long time . 
 i respond by falling quiet , as he requests . 
 my breath seems overly loud , so i try to restrain myself . 
 finally , the lights on the side of the surveillance units go yellow . 
 excellent . 
 we scuttle past and pause long enough for him to unlock the door . 
 once inside , i take stock of the security station , little bigger than a san-closet . 
 during the day , this is manned by a bored guard , who dozes over the displays . 
 these cameras are tuned to a little-used tube station , but vel can patch into other units from this location . 
 that 's why we 're here . 
 he produces another small device and sets to work . 
 though it 's superstitious at best , i cross my fingers that he can get a jammer running . 
 that will give us an opening for him to hack into another security terminal . 
 theoretically , the jammer will prevent their equipment from detecting the breach . 
 otherwise , they 'll dispatch a team to the site of unauthorized access before we can discover anything useful . 
 we should n't even be here , but it 's such a welcome relief from sitting around that i ca n't worry about it . 
 headlong action is my natural state , not prudent patience . 
 a few seconds later , vel nods-the device is operational . 
 i know my role in this mission . 
 stand guard and keep a good watch on the hallway . 
 if it looks like anyone is coming in here , sound the alarm . 
 as i understand it , he knows a secret way out of here ... unless they 've changed the layout of the security station since he was here , always a possibility . 
 while he works , i peer out the slats in the thin , strange door . 
 it 's made of a matte substance that in some fashions resembles metal , but in other ways , not so much . 
 after three minutes , he detaches the jammer from the terminal and pushes to his feet . 
 `` i jacked their surveillance on sharis 's quarters . 
 we will examine everyone who came to see him up to twenty-four hours before he was poisoned . 
 let us go . '' 
 i 'm on board with that . 
 cautiously , we slip out into the hall , and i 'm relieved to find nobody coming around the blind bend where i could n't see from inside the room . 
 the late hour and this station 's remote location both contributed to our decision to stage our break-in here . 
 a san-bot zips down the hall toward us . 
 the thing seems quite agitated , and it bangs into my foot repeatedly . 
 i glance down in puzzlement , then step over it . 
 on the way back to my quarters , tension roils inside me . 
 i know the magnitude of what i 've done . 
 if they find out , the alliance is finished . 
 hell , maybe it is now . 
 maybe i 'm kidding myself i can still make it happen . 
 i wo n't know for sure until sharis wakes up-or not . 
 once we arrive , vel snaps a manual lock onto my door . 
 we do n't want their people coming in while we look at these holo-files . 
 since we have a long time to cover , we 'll be watching these for a while . 
 if someone calls while we 're occupied , they 'll doubtless put the worst possible spin on it . 
 another bug will assume vel is busy being deviant with his pet soft-skin . 
 `` this will take a while , '' the bounty hunter says as he dumps the data from his pad into a portable player , no surprise that he does n't want any trace of this info in their terminals . 
 `` you may as well make yourself comfortable . '' 
 the feed flickers to life , showing a 3-d representation of the hallway outside sharis 's flat . 
 these are the results of public security cams at work , recording routinely those who come and go . 
 apparently , it functions as a wondrous preventive because nothing deters crime so much here as the fear of getting caught . 
 incompetence is the bogey that haunts all bug dreams . 
 in theory , investigation sounds exciting . 
 it sounds like there would be lots of sneaking around , lots of thrills and danger . 
 turns out , not so much . 
 oh , we did sneak into that remote security station , but afterward ? 
 this investigation turns into a game of `` whose eyes will glaze over first ? '' 
 to keep myself attentive i make notes . 
 by the end of the day before sharis was poisoned , we have a list of five bugs and one cloaked figure . 
 they must assume that one is human because bugs do n't wear clothing as a general rule . 
 unless he 's trying to make someone think he 's human . 
 in that case , vel could craft himself into anyone he wanted , but his countrymen consider it debased and dishonorable , used in any fashion other than to stalk prey . 
 most ithtorians would n't even have the necessary skill to mold the excreted material , generally used for insulation against the cold , to look like a credible human being , let alone a specific person . 
 this is the last caller , someone who showed up after mako left in the middle of the night . 
 since we departed from devri 's early , i did n't see them leave together , but sharis and mako have become partners since our arrival on world . 
 the timing seems interesting . 
 `` can you freeze this ? '' 
 vel does so , and we examine the small , grainy figure from all angles , but the camera is fixed . 
 we ca n't add data that is n't present . 
 unfortunately , there 's no way to get a look at the face . 
 `` how tall is he ? '' 
 i ask aloud . 
 `` it is hard to say for certain with only blank walls for comparison , but i would estimate ... at least two meters . '' 
 `` not me then . '' 
 i flash him a smile . 
 `` or doc , rose , or dina . 
 what 's the short list of people who are tall enough to throw that silhouette ? '' 
 vel considers in his measured way , so i start ticking them off , answering my own question . 
 though i hate to name them , i have to be comprehensive . 
 `` march . 
 jael . 
 hit . 
 any number of clansmen , serving aboard the ship ... they tend to be tall . 
 can you pull up personnel files and run a scan based on height parameters ? '' 
 when he nods , i add , `` good . 
 get me that list soonest . 
 i have some people to talk to . '' 
 it 's not impossible we could have wound up with a purist in our crew , i suppose . 
 from what i gather , doc put things together in a hurry , doing march a personal favor when they caught my transmission . 
 in addition to their recent wedding , keri and lex are still cleaning up the mess on lachion . 
 it 's a wonder she let march go at all . 
 `` of my people , only devri and ehon come to mind as being tall enough , '' vel says eventually . 
 `` unless the individual wore a prosthetic device of some kind . '' 
 `` like heels ? '' 
 `` or headgear . 
 we have no way to determine what is beneath that cloak based on the image here . '' 
 i offer , `` the grand administrator is tall . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` not her style . 
 she would never do such a thing herself . '' 
 `` but her lackeys might if she wants us off world bad enough . '' 
 `` unquestionably . 
 she might even consider it fitting punishment for sharis , who defied her in persisting with this notion over her objections . '' 
 something else occurs to me . 
 `` is there a way for you to get into their private files on the op ? 
 we need to know which of their people are tall enough to fit this as well . '' 
 the sheer amount of work we need to do in the next forty-eight hours boggles the mind . 
 so many people to check out , so many leads to chase . 
 we do n't have nearly enough manpower to handle this internally-and to make matters worse , we have to use the utmost discretion . 
 if the bugs find out we 're poking around when the matter is officially closed , it wo n't be good . 
 `` i can do it , '' he says quietly . 
 `` but time runs against us . 
 you do realize that , sirantha ? 
 it will take time to run down each person and interview them . 
 since all we have is a suspicion-and we may be incorrect about this dark figure-please do not pin all your hopes on this . '' 
 my weary response lays my soul bare , showing him more than i ever meant . 
 `` i do n't know what else to do . '' 
 chapter 40 i commandeer the aft lounge to do the crew interviews . 
 vel spends a couple hours working on various bits of tech that mean nothing to me . 
 it 's a good thing he 's so gifted at this , which strikes me as curious , considering he once wanted to be an artist . 
 so i ask . 
 `` how come you became a bounty hunter ? 
 i know you told me about meeting trapper , but did n't you want to paint or something once you got away ? '' 
 vel spares me a brief glance . 
 `` i had already learned a hard lesson about that , sirantha . 
 it ... hurts when i create . 
 this is just another marketable skill . '' 
 interesting . 
 it 's also a lesson in how sometimes people 's dreams shatter , but the pieces do n't come out clean . 
 instead , the shards linger beneath the skin , even after the wound seems to have healed . 
 i let it go , sensing vel does n't want to talk about his failed artistic aspirations . 
 i ca n't help touching the tattoo around my throat , however . 
 in some ways , i 'm like his living canvas , a memento of the life he 'll never live . 
 that makes me sad . 
 turns out , there 's only one person we need to talk to straightaway . 
 while vel 's scan came up with a ton of crew members who fit the height parameters , only one of them has left the ship . 
 sure , someone might have compromised the logs , but they 'd need both training and opportunity to erase all trace of their passage . 
 if we get nothing from talking to this guy , then we 'll take a look at the people who would know how to do that . 
 i 'm dressed in a severe black jacket and matching trousers , giving me the vague look of authority without affiliating me with any particular group . 
 it feels good to change out of that stupid gold robe . 
 i 've taken an unreasonable loathing to that color over the last few days . 
 curiously , my hair has begun to grow out even more since we arrived , now past my shoulders . 
 i suspect there 's something to inspire growth in the air here , something that keeps the plants blooming . 
 human personal designers would love to know the secret of that , i 'm sure . 
 to prevent it from softening my face , i 've slicked my hair back and bound it in a band . 
 with vel at my back , i imagine i look harsh and intimidating . 
 it 's a start . 
 though it 's standard security protocol , it really helps in this situation that they keep a log of everyone who boards and disembarks . 
 i take another look at the id that 's been bounced to my datapad . 
 there 's not much about this crew-man here , just his blood type and next of kin . 
 still , we need to have words , so we send for him . 
 when he arrives , the clansman stands to attention , arms stiff at his sides . 
 he 's tall , or he would n't even be here , but this kid ca n't be more than eighteen . 
 what 's his story , i wonder ? 
 could n't wait to get off the lachion rock , gravity holding him back ? 
 maybe he 's a colonist who 's always been secretly yearning for the stars . 
 he does n't make eye contact , as if it would be disrespectful . 
 or maybe he has something to hide . 
 it 's also possible he finds vel unsettling in his native form . 
 i wish constance were here to read the boy 's vitals . 
 i have n't thought to ask vel whether his ocular cam has thermal settings , but we 'll capture a visual log at least . 
 `` argus dahlgren ? '' 
 i put down the datapad . 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 he does not relax one iota . 
 `` why do n't you take a seat ? '' 
 i indicate the spot opposite me . 
 it took vel a couple of hours , but he 's rigged the chair as a lie detector , using contact points . 
 i was all for doing it openly , but he pointed out that a skilled adversary can beat such devices pretty regularly , if they know it 's been hooked up . 
 so we 're running beneath the radar on this one . 
 he looks very young and worried as he sits down . 
 i do n't know if argus even left the spaceport . 
 he was under strict orders to stay on the ship , so maybe that 's what he 's nervous about . 
 that 's what we 're trying to find out . 
 it may have been nothing more than a dare or a bet , something that would give him bragging rights back home . 
 his pale eyes flicker to mine at last . 
 surprise rocks through me . 
 his irises are like mercury , sparked through with silver ice . 
 contrasted to his shock of black hair , it marks him as a jumper . 
 well , no wonder he left the ship . 
 as a whole , navigators tend to be governed by their impulses , so this ambassadorial gig has been pretty close to hell for me . 
 `` would you like something to drink ? '' 
 i ask , now wanting to set him at ease . 
 i 'm pretty sure this is n't our guy . 
 he 's not caught up in some purist movement that does n't want humanity associating with filthy alien scum . 
 he 's just a kid hungry to see everything in a way he probably does n't even understand yet . 
 before argus can respond , vel says , looming behind me , `` you can attend the niceties later , ambassador . 
 he has some questions to answer first . '' 
 ah , now i get it . 
 well , it makes sense for vel to play bad cop . 
 argus seems half-terrified of him as it is , and he has n't even done anything yet . 
 yep , welcome to the weird , wide world , kid . 
 untold wonders await . 
 `` very well . '' 
 i sit forward , inviting confidence . 
 `` you want to tell me what you were doing dirtside ? '' 
 to his credit , he does n't try to play it off . 
 `` i was curious , '' he says with a touch of defiance . 
 `` and bored with hanging around here . '' 
 a bored jumper is never a good thing . 
 we need to get him into training and focus his need to explore , but where ? 
 right now , everything is in flux , and they 've closed the academy on new terra . 
 shit . 
 maybe i 'll wind up a teacher someday after all . 
 but first things first . 
 `` what did you do while you were there ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' he mutters . 
 `` but not for lack of trying . 
 i could n't figure out how to get out of the docking area . '' 
 i 'm inclined to believe him , but i slant a glance at vel to confirm . 
 he inclines his head ever so slightly . 
 okay , him , too . 
 we 're in accord then . 
 i 'll switch tacks before we cut him loose . 
 `` do you know of anybody who does n't approve of us being here ? '' 
 i ask casually . 
 `` any complainers on the ship ? '' 
 argus shakes his head . 
 `` no , ma'am . 
 doc recruited us because we 've all talked about seeing the stars at some point or another . 
 there are n't a lot of ships going out from lachion . 
 march handles most of our off-world runs , and he keeps a small crew . '' 
 `` so as far as you know , there are n't any dissident factions among your mates ? '' 
 he looks genuinely bewildered . 
 `` any who ? '' 
 despite the severity of my task , i bite back a smile . 
 `` never mind . '' 
 i turn to vel with an inquiring look . 
 `` further questions ? '' 
 `` nothing at this time , but ... we know where to find him . '' 
 that sounds positively ominous . 
 shame on vel for trying to rattle this kid 's cage-then again , maybe he needs a lesson . 
 something irreparable could happen to him if the bugs catch him . 
 `` so can i go ? '' 
 argus sounds eager to get away from us . 
 `` almost . 
 just one more question-would you like to be a navigator someday ? '' 
 i assume he knows he has the j-gene . 
 `` more than anything , '' he breathes . 
 i try not to wince . 
 mary , was i ever that young or that eager ? 
 i suppose i must have been . 
 running off to the academy against my parents ' wishes indicates i was . 
 `` i 'll see what i can do for you . '' 
 when his face brightens to near nova , i caution , `` i 'm not promising anything , mind , but we may as well put you to work doing something you 'll be good at . 
 you realize things are in a bit of disarray just now ? '' 
 there 's no point in telling him about the dark side : the compulsion to jump once you 've tasted grimspace , the addiction to something that kills you slowly , and the way you wo n't , in fact , know just before your last jump . 
 let him enjoy the thrill of the idea for a while first . 
 i certainly did . 
 he nods . 
 `` yes , ma'am . 
 it 's been that way ever since you took down farwan . 
 is it true you discovered the existence of the marakeq ten turns ago ? 
 the chieftain said she saw you pick a fight with six armed gunnars with her own eyes . 
 so did you really pull hon 's heart out of his chest with your bare hands ? 
 the stories they tell about you - '' argus freezes , probably realizing he 's said too much . 
 he looks as if he 's scared i 'll tear the tongue right out of his head . 
 that 's when i realize-he 's afraid of me every bit as much as he is vel . 
 we 're like the wicked witch and her demon familiar or something . 
 together , to this kid , we must seem like the stuff from nightmares and legends . 
 how the hell did that happen ? 
 omni news net : opinion of the week dear ms. lightman : i think you did your viewers a serious disservice in not offering a counterargument to the comments made on your program by ramona jax . 
 do n't let the syndicate 's slick pr department fool you into thinking they smell rosy . 
 how can i be so sure ? 
 well , i used to be the assistant director of public relations for farwan corporation , new terra head-quarters , and i recognize a spin job when i see one . 
 the syndicate is a parvenu compared to us ; nonetheless , their latest crop of advertisements is tailor-made to reassure the average consumer . 
 if you compare the two , you 'll realize that their new slogan `` protecting your world '' is a direct theft from our campaign ten turns ago . 
 i wrote the ad copy myself , including the phrase `` protecting your world . '' 
 they 've also lifted our image in terms of showing average people going about their lives while the syndicate works for them in the background . 
 you 'll see lots of happy , smiling citizens in these ads , and it 's a good , solid strategy . 
 if the common folk see syndicate guards as helpful often enough , they 'll eventually integrate that view as part of their personal belief system . 
 that kind of thing can be broken down into ad exposures and simple mathematics . 
 for example , if a person encounters this depiction of a softer , gentler syndicate three times within twenty-four hours , that image will soak in on some level . 
 repeated exposure over time kept me earning big credits for many , many years . 
 this experience impacts brand loyalty and decision-making . 
 there will come a point when people just wo n't care about the truth , and all the exposes in the world wo n't matter . 
 it was my job to make sure farwan came out of any situation , however grim and catastrophic , looking like white hats . 
 based on what i 'm seeing on the bounce now , it would n't surprise me if some of my former colleagues have gone to work for the syndicate , because that 's some truly excellent pr , and i know that of which i speak . 
 if the conglomerate does n't get its act together , it will be too late . 
 ordinarily , i 'd be amused to see them fail-history suggests it 's their specialty-but this is no laughing matter . 
 take it from a reformed company man . 
 if these thugs establish themselves as the galactic governing body , we 'll wish we lived in some other universe . 
 sincerely , alfredd e. pruitt chapter 41 `` here 's where it gets tricky , '' i say with a sigh . 
 i do n't want to interview dina , hit , or jael , but we ca n't leave any stone unturned . 
 they need to sit in the rigged chair without knowing they 're being tested . 
 they wo n't be on their guard as much , so i need it to seem casual . 
 it ca n't seem like an interrogation . 
 i also do n't want them ever to know i felt like i had to ask . 
 that kind of thing can end a friendship , but when it comes to march 's life , i ca n't trust any of them . 
 i do n't think dina would ever do anything to hurt him , but maybe she did n't realize he 'd feel obligated to confess to get me out of trouble . 
 once , i thought she hated me enough to hide the poison in my room on purpose , but that 's not true anymore . 
 she does n't fit the height profile , but that does n't clear her as a conspirator . 
 even if my gut says she 'd rather die than do this , i must validate intuition with investigation . 
 hit and jael , i do n't know nearly as well , but i 've come to think of them as friends . 
 i 'm afraid of how they 'll take it if they figure out what i 'm doing . 
 i do n't have so many friends that i can afford to offend them . 
 but if they want me to find out who poisoned sharis and get march out of the hot seat , they wo n't mind my crossing them off the list of suspects with a few pointed questions , so maybe they 'll just be mad at me for a while over the subterfuge . 
 `` ideas ? '' 
 i ask vel . 
 he understands the way my mind works nearly as well as march . 
 `` order food , '' he suggests . 
 `` it will make the occasion seem more social , as if you want commiseration with the frustration of your task . '' 
 before i can send for anything or anyone , vel 's personal communicator beeps . 
 the person speaks too faintly for my ears , but when he terminates the conversation , he looks stunned . 
 `` sharis is awake . 
 and he 's asking for us . '' 
 a weight lifts . 
 `` let 's go see him . '' 
 `` we will have an armed escort , '' he warns , as we head for the door . 
 `` they are taking no chances this time , even on us . '' 
 vel was n't kidding . 
 there 's a complement of six bugs in full military regalia , which means they have the same color stripes and are carrying weapons . 
 from what vel said , those little units have enough electricity to turn us into heaps of smoking coal . 
 i 'll watch my step . 
 in the hall , a san-bot emerges from the honeycombed wall , driving itself around me in circles . 
 something is seriously wrong with these things . 
 whoever 's in charge of maintenance is doing a shitty job . 
 the guards do n't say much as they take us to see sharis . 
 at his door , the commander searches us thoroughly and takes even our personal electronics . 
 we 're permitted to see him only if we 're willing to go with just the clothes on our backs . 
 fair enough-i do n't want anything else to happen to him either , but part of me wonders if they 're being this cautious about other bugs . 
 even though they 're almost sure we had nothing to do with the attack on councilor sharis , they also make us step into a decon chamber to make sure we have n't rubbed any toxins on our skin . 
 this paranoia , however , speaks volumes about how the general ithtorian populace feels about human beings . 
 they believe we 're all capable of horrific things , and since i 've killed with a disruptor and watched a man 's chest turn itself inside out , i ca n't really argue . 
 when we finally get in to see him , sharis is reclining on a bed that most closely resembles a divan , if said divan were made of some organic material that constantly rippled beneath his weight . 
 i 'm told there 's some symbiosis between the average bug and this bioengineered furniture . 
 he appears to be in possession of all his faculties . 
 `` forgive me if i do not get up . '' 
 his sense of humor seems to be intact as well . 
 vel steps into his role as translator while i greet sharis with a particularly deep wa , layering it with my regret . 
 brown bird wishes your pain away to the land of ghosts and sorrow . 
 that gives sharis pause . 
 by now , he must be wondering how i understand so much , nuances that simply can not be conveyed via human language . 
 i 'm starting to think the chip vel implanted in me must be a prototype or a mod to existing technology , something he 's been working on privately . 
 it governs a lot more than just language translation ; it 's as if it has cultural information implanted as well . 
 maybe i should be worried that it will melt my brain at some point , but i trust him . 
 i make a mental note to ask him about it and turn my attention back to sharis . 
 `` certainly , '' i reply . 
 `` you do us too much honor by permitting us to attend you in your time of infirmity . '' 
 vel repeats my words nearly verbatim . 
 sharis 's claws still their restless movements against his carapace . 
 `` it is more that i fear i will not have the opportunity to speak with you again . '' 
 alarm sparks through me . 
 `` why , what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` karom has put a motion before the council to have me judged unfit to continue to serve . 
 he has proposed that i be sent into the country for the sake of my health . 
 my seat will be filled immediately by their nomination . '' 
 i glance at vel , quietly horrified . 
 `` is that legal ? '' 
 with every appearance of regret , he inclines his head . 
 `` if a councilor is determined to be unable to carry out his duties , he can be replaced . '' 
 `` just by the other council members voting on it ? '' 
 that seems like too much power , but the grand administrator can veto any of their choices , if i recall correctly . 
 `` yes , '' vel answers . 
 `` thanks to the ingenious treatment devised by your ship 's doctor , i will recover . 
 they have forgiven other councilors longer and more debilitating illnesses , '' sharis continues bitterly . 
 `` but they want to be rid of me because i am the voice of change . 
 once i am gone , there will be nothing to stop them from steamrolling over devri , and the alliance will be put down for good . '' 
 `` that ... will be devastating , '' i answer quietly . 
 the diplomatic ship has sailed . 
 it 's now time for some plain talk . 
 `` we need the support of your people in the coming war against the morgut , not because we need cannon fodder , but because they fear and respect you . 
 if they see your people as willing to side with us in an armed conflict , it will make them less likely to attack us . '' 
 vel translates , using some sound i have n't heard before to denote the morgut . 
 the chip tells me he 's called them `` eaters-of-the-dead . '' 
 that name sends a cold shiver straight through me . 
 i try not to remember all the blood on emry station , the webs , and the cocoons stuffed with human corpses that nourish their young . 
 `` we taught them to respect us , long ago , '' sharis acknowledges . 
 `` but we have not touched the stars in hundreds of turns . 
 our ancestors explored , fought , and conquered , but the wayfarers brought back a hideous plague from their travels that nearly decimated our population . 
 at that time , we closed our planetary borders , and we have only permitted outsiders twice since . '' 
 the first time was when trapper farley landed with the first human delegation , who were too ignorant to realize they 'd `` discovered '' a closed planet and a people who wanted nothing to do with the wider world . 
 now that i know more about the history involved , they were lucky they were n't summarily executed . 
 and now , there 's us . 
 `` i 'm very sorry . '' 
 there does n't seem to be anything else left to say . 
 the councilor spreads his claws , then turns them down as a sign of his helplessness . 
 `` i can not get them to change their minds or shift away from old manners of thought , but the truth is , we are stagnating . 
 no new technologies have been invented in more turns than i can recall , and our ships are now utterly antique . 
 humans have fast , versatile minds , a side effect of being so short-lived , no doubt . 
 we need to recapture that spark , or we will die . 
 not quickly , but slowly . '' 
 `` there may be a way , '' vel says , as if he 's been thinking . 
 `` when were they going to vote on your replacement ? '' 
 `` one hour . '' 
 `` can you walk ? '' 
 vel demands . 
 sharis seems startled , but then he pushes himself from the divan . 
 he sways for a moment , still weak from the after-effects of the poison . 
 `` i ... believe so . '' 
 `` if you can make it to the council chambers , it will show your strength . 
 accept no aid , and do not rest along the way . 
 they will find it hard to prove your infirmity if you are there to confront them over it . 
 if you are strong enough to do this , you can call for an immediate vote on the alliance , preempting their agenda . 
 at least this way , if you lose , you gave it all you had . '' 
 i can get on board with that . 
 `` i can do this , '' sharis says , determined . 
 `` i truly believe this is best for our people , and i will not yield meekly . '' 
 it 's an effort for him to project strength and confidence , but he does so as he strides from his sickroom . 
 somehow , i manage not to cheer him as we go . 
 ambassadors have to think of their dignity . 
 as we walk , a small san-bot scuttles out of the wall and nudges my foot . 
 i sigh and step over it , having more important things to worry about . 
 time to put this to a vote . 
 chapter 42 bravery is n't just facing down a bunch of guys who want to kill you . 
 it 's also leaving your hospital bed in order to fight for what you believe in . 
 it would 've been easy for sharis to let them roll over him , much easier for him to call it quits and accept his forced retirement . 
 instead , he sweeps into the council chambers like he owns the place . 
 i can only imagine what it 's costing him in terms of stamina , but you 'd never even know he 'd been ill to look at him . 
 our arrival finds everyone arrayed in place , probably discussing his removal . 
 this room is cool and quiet , devoid of the hothouse trappings that characterize the rest of the complex . 
 since we surprise him in the middle of the room , karom has been apparently pacing while the others occupy their assigned places . 
 i ca n't read devri at all , which surprises me . 
 you 'd think he could permit himself some trace of satisfaction after he stuck his neck out to warn us . 
 but perhaps that would be dangerous . 
 as if against her will , mako rises and takes a step toward sharis , which seems to denote gladness . 
 maybe the bugs do n't form bonds as we do , but she was n't happy about having her lover 's guts burned up with citric acid . 
 then she checks herself , resuming her place . 
 protocol trumps personal business here every time . 
 karom recovers first , asking , `` what are you doing here ? 
 you should be resting . '' 
 sharis takes that opening and spins it like a pro . 
 `` i am perfectly well , thanks to the treatment the human doctor devised . 
 such innovation is just one of the benefits we will enjoy when the alliance goes through . '' 
 he tosses down the figurative gauntlet . 
 the stout councilor recoils , casting a worried glance at the grand administrator . 
 her red claws trace an intricate pattern against her carapace , but unless we 're too late , she ca n't eject him from the room if he 's well enough to attend the session under his own power . 
 vel knows the ins and outs here ; it may be the advantage that saves us . 
 sartha responds sharply , `` you would not have been sick at all if not for the humans . 
 they are little better than animals . '' 
 i wince . 
 she 's coming down hard on the other side . 
 if i had to speculate , i 'd say her history with vel has made her bitter and inclined to punish us because vel prefers the company of vermin like us . 
 i 'd like to tell her not to take it personally-he ran away from everything , not just her-but i doubt it would do any good . 
 given march 's confession , it 's going to be hard to spin her accusation , but sharis manages . 
 `` animals know no higher reason . 
 if your accusation applied to the humans , they would not have cooperated with our investigation , or permitted the culprit to be taken into our custody , subject to a penalty of our choosing . 
 that shows great respect and desire for accord between our people , does it not ? '' 
 `` it does , '' devri agrees . 
 whew , he 's still on our side . 
 `` furthermore , '' sharis adds , `` we can not judge all of humanity by the actions of one . 
 are there not ithtorians who are sent to the mines for their weak minds or deviant natures ? 
 would we send them forth for all the universe to judge us on their merits ? '' 
 a general click and chitter follows , councilmen talking among themselves , but even those who loathe us and want us gone can not argue the point . 
 devri takes up the thread so smoothly , i could almost swear they practiced this . 
 and maybe they did , just not under these exact circumstances . 
 `` since we are all gathered here , i put forth that we should put this proposed alliance to a vote . 
 we have enjoyed ample time to make assessments and decide the matter . '' 
 `` seconded , '' sharis says promptly . 
 now it 's on the table before anyone can filibuster or suggest more delays , wherein more stuff could go wrong . 
 good going , guys . 
 vel and i stand poised . 
 he does n't translate for me this time ; i 'm sure they imagine he 'll summarize afterward . 
 karom makes an angry sound as he resumes his position . 
 each councilor has a touch pad . 
 the orange one means no ; the blue one means yes . 
 once a vote has been called , it 's as simple as that , and i almost ca n't breathe for the tension . 
 this is the defining moment , a validation or repudiation of everything we 've worked for . 
 they begin in ascending order-in other words , the least senior member casts first . 
 in this case , that 's sartha . 
 i 'm not surprised when an orange glow encompasses her chair . 
 she 's made it clear she wants to see the back of us ... and maybe vel freezing to death in a ditch somewhere in the bargain . 
 her sorrow has hardened into something sharp and hard since the last time i saw her . 
 devri follows . 
 his seat flashes blue , so we 're tied at one and one . 
 i ca n't remember who 's next , but mako 's light rings blue , too . 
 sharis must have done some smooth talking to get her to go up against the grand administrator , who does n't vote in such council matters but can make her displeasure known in more subtle ways , such as with prestige appointments , and say , assassins arriving in the middle of the night . 
 two to one . 
 with sudden relief , i realize i know how this is going to go . 
 and sure enough , karom votes no , so that an orange halo encircles him . 
 it gives him a faintly infernal air . 
 then it 's down to sharis , who presses blue . 
 final score : three to two . 
 there are five council members , so there can never be a tie , only a swing vote , which means mako 's support was key . 
 i feel dizzy with relief . 
 despite the attempt on sharis 's life , we did it . 
 i ca n't wait to bounce a message to chancellor tarn . 
 i can almost hear dina 's excited whoops - except she 's not happy with the decision i made to let them take march . 
 so there wo n't be any celebration there , and i still only have a couple of days to prove he did n't do it . 
 they 'll be sentencing him soon , then it 'll be too late . 
 somehow , i manage to school my features into some facsimile of gladness and appreciation as vel explains to me what just happened . 
 i offer a fine , restrained wa to each council member as they pass by and murmur something banal , knowing vel will make it sound nice regardless . 
 `` at your earliest convenience , we would like you to carry our acceptance to the conglomerate , '' sharis tells me . 
 something in this tone tells me this is a warning as well as a request . 
 `` please tell them to arrange a summit , wherein we will meet and discuss the shared goals of our people . 
 we look forward to meeting all of the representatives . '' 
 leave ? 
 that 's my first frantic thought . 
 they want me to leave ? 
 oh no . 
 no . 
 but from their perspective , my work here is done . 
 i 'm not a diplomat permanently attached to the human embassy on ithiss-tor . 
 such a thing does n't even exist yet . 
 i 'm a goodwill ambassador who has done her job , and now it 's time for me to skedaddle . 
 but i ca n't . 
 while vel translates , i try to come up with an alternative , but thinking is n't my strong suit at the best of times , and my pent emotions are threatening to swamp me . 
 `` i can bounce him a message , '' i offer . 
 `` then when he replies , i can brief you on the location selected for the summit . '' 
 devri has paused beside us , giving me a strange look . 
 `` we can access information via satellite relays , just like anyone else , ambassador . 
 it is highly preferable that you deliver the message in person . 
 we anticipate there will be retaliation for this victory , and you ... are the softest target . '' 
 i understand the danger , but my stomach hurts at the thought of leaving march behind . 
 i did n't want the sacrifice to be real and permanent . 
 i did n't want that . 
 i always thought i 'd have time to turn things around , but things have happened so fast - i ca n't give in without one last try . 
 `` sharis , you said your ships were antique . 
 how will your representative get to the summit if we do n't give you a lift ? 
 it 's been hundreds of turns , right ? 
 do you still have trained jumpers standing by ? '' 
 brilliant , i silently congratulate myself . 
 i 'm betting they do n't . 
 they have n't planned this far ahead . 
 deep down , they did n't really think they 'd get the support they needed . 
 still , i wait , every muscle tensed for their reply . 
 devri shares a look with his coconspirator , and then responds tiredly , `` you make a valid point . '' 
 thank mary . 
 then i realize what i 've done-volunteered to transport an important ithtorian dignitary . 
 if anything goes wrong , it 'll be just like the sargasso all over again , and i barely scraped out of that with my sanity intact . 
 and some days , i wonder . 
 i shove the terror and nausea down . 
 the important thing is , i 've bought a little time . 
 i just hope it 's enough . 
 chapter 43 i 'm at my wits ' end . 
 dina still is n't speaking to me . 
 the investigation is going nowhere , and time is running out . 
 i 've just heard from sharis that march will be sentenced in the morning . 
 this is just a formality , of course . 
 everyone knows he 's going to the mines for the assault on a councilman . 
 if sharis had died , he would have been executed . 
 we still have n't found constance . 
 though we first thought her disappearance had something to do with research and that she 'd show up in time to help us make the alliance happen , i 'm starting to think she knows something she should n't . 
 it worries me , but i 've been unable to focus on her when i need to find a way to free march . 
 jael has moved into the quarters that connect to mine . 
 he was furious when he heard about the anticipated threat . 
 it 's a wise precaution , and i do n't have the energy to argue , though not from any illness of the body . 
 i 've been taking my injections daily , so i 'm pretty close to a hundred percent ; the bone loss caused by repair of grimspace damage is nearly restored . 
 instead , it 's more a sickness of the soul . 
 in some ways , this mission has been the worst failure ever while simultaneously being my greatest success . 
 now i 'm starting to wonder if i can live with myself . 
 in the bleak , silent hours of the night , i 'm sickened by the way i let march sacrifice himself . 
 i should have at least tried to protest . 
 instead , i put too much faith in my ability to land on my feet . 
 thing is , that does n't apply to anyone else . 
 ironically , the fact that i 'm lying awake at this hour , fretting , saves my life . 
 one minute , i 'm staring at the ceiling , which offers no answers to my problems , and the next i 'm rolling over the side to avoid the blade that comes whistling down at me . 
 i hit the floor with a thump and yell for help . 
 even if i was n't in my sleep cami and ki pants , unarmed , i 'd still stand no chance against a determined bug assassin . 
 it pursues me with merciless intent while i scramble backward on the heels of my hands . 
 the connecting door flies open and jael launches himself through the air . 
 he lands on top of my attacker , taking him to the ground with his weight , but the bug is agile and quick . 
 he flips jael , who counters with a wrench of his arm . 
 the merc is having a hard time with this opponent because of the natural body armor . 
 their lightning-fast moves are hard to track with the eyes , but instead of watching in stupefaction , i do the smart thing . 
 i shove to my feet and sprint for the terminal in the next room . 
 i tap it to life and bring the ai up . 
 from the noises , the fight seems to be slowing , but i ca n't tell who 's winning . 
 the communications suite connects to their security , and using color codes , my ai can alert their system of any emergency situation . 
 `` security needed in my quarters . 
 assassination attempt in progress . '' 
 `` acknowledged , '' the machine tells me . 
 `` have you sustained injuries that result in a significant loss of arterial blood ? '' 
 i stare at it in disbelief . 
 `` yes . '' 
 maybe that will get them here sooner . 
 there 's a small pause while the machine alerts certain linked systems . 
 it 's marvelous how machines can communicate on a level that surpasses language , but it 's also a little terrifying . 
 `` dispatch notified . 
 a team should arrive at your location in two minutes . 
 thank you and have a nice day . '' 
 from the muffled thuds and thumps coming from the next room , i should really get out of here because jael might wind up incapacitated . 
 since his enemy does n't know how quick he heals , he wo n't realize he should sever his head or cut out some vital organ . 
 he 'll come after me , maybe with a knife stuck somewhere unpleasant for his trouble , but that wo n't save me from the same fate while jael regenerates . 
 thanks to genetic engineering , his body can take insane amounts of damage , so there 's an obvious advantage in a bred bodyguard , but jael 's not invincible . 
 on emry station , i saw him fall . 
 in fact , i thought he was dead until he made me pull the spiked morgut limb out of his guts . 
 i hesitate , eyes on the door . 
 two minutes until security arrives . 
 should i head out into the hall to wait for them ? 
 if this bug had backup , surely he or she would have already come in , as the `` simple '' job has taken way too long already . 
 with a sigh , i make up my mind . 
 i 'm not leaving . 
 unfortunately , i do n't have so much as a shockstick , so i start looking around the room for anything i could use as a weapon . 
 there 's a heavy pot full of greenery in the corner of the room . 
 that might do some damage , provided i 'm strong enough to lift it . 
 determination makes me so . 
 jael cries out as i reach the doorway . 
 the bug has jammed the serrated blade into his side , twisting . 
 he has a fair notion of human anatomy , so on anyone else , that would be a kill shot . 
 as luck would have it , his back is to me , so i stagger toward him and cosh him in the back of the head with all my might . 
 it 's not enough to do real harm , but he seems dazed , staggering forward like a drunken sailor . 
 that dropping of his guard gives jael the opening he needs . 
 he strikes , using brute force to push through the bug 's natural body armor . 
 my would-be assailant shrieks at the upper edge of my register as it dies . 
 with a grunt of effort , jael retrieves his weapon from the corpse , one hand holding the blade in his side . 
 when it comes out , it will make a hell of a mess . 
 i do n't dare touch it without doc here . 
 `` thanks for the assist . '' 
 he gives me a searching look . 
 `` you all right ? '' 
 what a question ... i should be asking him that . 
 `` i am now . 
 security is on the way to clean this mess up . 
 i 'll buzz doc now . '' 
 i make the call quickly , not liking his pallor . 
 `` are you in a lot of pain ? '' 
 he manages a smile . 
 `` best not to talk about it . 
 or breathe , much . '' 
 he staggers , so i help him to the wall for support . 
 i 'm guessing sitting would hurt worse , so i put my hand over his , his blood seeping through my fingers . 
 his breath comes in jagged rasps . 
 i let him lean on me while i buzz vel on the emergency channel . 
 i 'm willing to bet he beats security here . 
 `` anything more i can do ? '' 
 it sinks in then . 
 he saved my life . 
 `` talk to me , '' he grits through clenched teeth . 
 so i do , rambling about the significance of the attack . 
 `` sharis and devri warned me . 
 the grand administrator told me her intentions up front . 
 so i ca n't claim i 'm surprised . 
 if i die on world , they 'll express condolences to the conglomerate , claiming it was an unfortunate side effect of progress ... and they ca n't be held responsible for the actions of disgruntled fringe groups . 
 in fact , they can even say , truthfully , that they advised me to depart . 
 now that the alliance has passed , my importance has dropped to nil . 
 the fact is , i 'm no longer irreplaceable . '' 
 `` not to me , '' he says softly . 
 `` you think i 'd let just anyone see me like this ? 
 i 'm so weak right now that i could be killed pretty easily , if you wanted to do it . 
 i never thought i 'd say this , but ... i trust you , jax . '' 
 `` that means a lot to me . '' 
 i 'd like to touch his cheek or offer a tangible gesture to show i appreciate his faith , but i 'd just smear him with blood . 
 his feelings do n't change reality , either . 
 every moment i linger on world , i increase the risk to myself and my crew . 
 at what point do i cut my losses and roll out ? 
 my heart says never . 
 i 've learned enough about being a soldier from march , however , to realize that 's not a practical answer , and he would n't want me to kill myself for his sake . 
 but i do n't want to live without him even if it 's for the greater good . 
 `` this is bad , '' jael tells me . 
 `` there 's only one of me , and i ca n't stay sharp forever . '' 
 i sound tired and snappish when i answer , `` sorry it 's been such a hard job keeping me on my feet , but if you want your payday from tarn , you 'll stay with it because we 're not done here . 
 i 'm not leaving anyone behind . '' 
 `` oh , jax . '' 
 his expression gentles in a way i ca n't tolerate . 
 `` shut it . '' 
 `` look , darling , nobody blames you . '' 
 `` i blame me . '' 
 the response slips out before i can stop it . 
 `` so does dina . '' 
 `` she should n't , '' he says softly . 
 `` this was n't a military operation , and you 're not our commanding officer . 
 and even if you were ... well , all leaders know that conflict comes with a certain level of acceptable loss . 
 you said it yourself . '' 
 yeah , but i did n't mean it . 
 that was just something i said to keep the others from panicking . 
 mary , i hate when my own words come back to bite me . 
 i thought i 'd have march out of this mess by now . 
 he goes on , `` you 've given this your best . 
 nobody expects you to do the impossible ... save the day every time . 
 hell , you 've already accomplished more here than anybody ever has . 
 and you 've already sacrificed so much ... how much is enough ? 
 do you have to give your life , too ? '' 
 mary , his words make so much sense . 
 it 's like hearing what my subconscious has been whispering for days ; the selfish part of me nods in vehement agreement . 
 when do i get a break ? 
 when do i get a rest ? 
 the only person who ever gave me a quiet place to call my own without asking anything in return lives in a tenement on gehenna . 
 `` please , do n't . '' 
 i hate him for saying what i 've been thinking over the past few days of banging my head against a wall so high i ca n't see the top of it . 
 i do n't know if i 'm strong enough to withstand the temptation to ease back into my old skin . 
 the old jax would love to go back to living for herself ; she 's tired of sorrow and sacrifice . 
 she says it 's been a damn long time since we lived for the thrill of it . 
 he leans toward me , taking my hands in his . 
 `` no , i have to speak my mind . 
 just from what i 've seen during the short time i 've been with you , people seem to think it 's fine to force you to do things you do n't want , over and over again . 
 i 've been there . 
 i know how it is when people use you . 
 they offer you a hobson 's choice that 's no choice at all . 
 it 's time to walk away , jax . '' 
 chapter 44 is he right ? 
 maybe i 'm just too stubborn to know when i 'm licked . 
 i do n't want to undo all the good i 've done here for selfish reasons . 
 i waver , thinking of how easy it 'd be . 
 but ... no . 
 i ca n't leave him . 
 to this day , it haunts me that i considered leaving march on hon 's kingdom and that it took someone else to make me do the right thing . 
 his injury made him a liability ; i thought he 'd slow me down and lessen my chance of survival . 
 back then , that was all that mattered to me . 
 kai 's loss haunts me . 
 and it haunts me that i could n't save loras . 
 i can still see his face as the door closed on him , trapping him on the wrong side . 
 i 'll carry that until i die ; i just do n't have the fortitude to bear any more weight on my soul . 
 `` no . '' 
 i say it aloud for emphasis . 
 `` i 'm in this until the end , and if you do n't like it , take one of the shuttles up , turn on the emergency beacon , and hope for the best . '' 
 `` fine . 
 your funeral . '' 
 his hand goes to the knife in his side , covering where i 'm putting pressure on the wound . 
 `` i 'd say it 's mine , too , but i 've always found it difficult to die . '' 
 beneath the levity of his tone , i glimpse the stark solitude of a man who has always been alone and always will be . 
 vel arrives before i can reply . 
 he takes stock of the situation with a glance , then he checks out jael 's injury . 
 `` did you notify dr. solaith ? '' 
 `` he 's on the way , '' i confirm . 
 though he has to come from the ship , doc turns up before the security team , which makes a joke out of their emergency-response system . 
 but maybe they give better service to citizens . 
 they could hardly do worse . 
 saul takes a look and regards him incredulously . 
 `` how are n't you dead ? 
 never mind , do n't tell me now . 
 let 's get you taken care of . '' 
 the doc i know and love does n't insist on answers before helping someone who 's in pain . 
 that can wait . 
 while he 's working on jael , the bug squadron finally deigns to put in an appearance . 
 there 's no question this corpse should n't be on my floor ; it signifies criminal trespass and my bedding is shredded where the knife went in , so that validates my claim of a murder attempt . 
 at least we 're spared a situation where they try to make this my fault . 
 i was in my bed , exactly where i ought to be . 
 still , i ca n't help but notice that the security personnel do n't care much . 
 none of them ask any questions . 
 they just remove the body and cleanse the stain on the ground . 
 the team leader adds , `` we will be checking all possible leads . 
 we apologize for the inconvenience . '' 
 inconvenience ... ? 
 it 's all i can do not to go upside his head with another decorative pot . 
 vel restrains me with a claw on my shoulder . 
 his body language says a confrontation would be pointless . 
 i agree , but i 'm spoiling for a fight . 
 every spark of jumper in me wants to make somebody sorry . 
 i rein in that jax with great effort , and , instead , offer an insincere wa of thanks . 
 afterward , i take a look at how the patient is faring . 
 while i look on , doc finishes closing the top of the wound . 
 `` ordinarily , i would never do it this way , '' he says with a disapproving frown . 
 `` there 's too much internal damage just to seal it up and hope for the best , but jael says he 'll be fine . '' 
 `` he will be , '' i agree . 
 maybe it 's callous , but i 'm not that worried about him . 
 after all , i 've seen him heal worse . 
 on emry , i did n't have any niceties like liquid skin , antibiotic preventives , or a sonic cleanser either . 
 `` i did n't want the blood all over the floor , '' jael says in a self-deprecating tone . 
 `` gut wounds bleed like a son of a bitch . 
 it was better to have a professional at hand . '' 
 `` try to limit your movement , '' doc says . 
 `` and take it easy for the next couple of days . '' 
 jael mutters , `` unlikely . 
 jax is determined to stay , despite the danger . '' 
 `` such attacks will escalate , '' vel predicts . 
 `` until you are dead or ... gone . '' 
 i joke , `` i thought they were one and the same . '' 
 nobody seems to think that 's too funny , but it 's the middle of the night , dammit . 
 i sigh and run my fingers through my hair . 
 finally , i offer , `` i 'll be careful , okay ? '' 
 `` do that , '' doc admonishes . 
 `` i think i 'll head back . '' 
 `` thanks for coming out , '' i murmur . 
 jael seconds that , rubbing his side . 
 doc 's obviously distracted , or he would have asked about march by now . 
 i 'm hoping that distraction will hold , but i guess my wishes carry no weight . 
 saul draws up short of the door and turns back slowly . 
 of course , it 's the million credit question . 
 `` why is n't march with you ? 
 and where is constance ? '' 
 i wish i could answer the second , and i wish i did n't know the answer to the first . 
 before replying , i take a seat because this could take a while . 
 i gesture at the place across from me . 
 vel and jael join us , more from expedience , i think , than any desire to participate . 
 being the bearer of bad news is clearly my job . 
 `` he 's been arrested , '' i say starkly . 
 `` and he 's due to be sentenced tomorrow , today actually , and sent to the mines within a few days . 
 it 's only because their justice system works so slowly that he 's not already there . '' 
 the saving grace in the situation ? 
 doc 's temperament . 
 his eyes go dark , but he does n't lose his cool . 
 he merely asks for all the details , and we spend a good hour filling him in on what he 's missed by staying on the ship so much . 
 certainly , i do n't blame him for that . 
 if i did n't have to be here , i 'd be on the ship , too . 
 unless there 's a medical emergency , he has research and rose , not necessarily in that order , to occupy his time . 
 when he says , `` let 's look at the facts objectively , '' i stifle a smile . 
 we should have brought him in long before now . 
 outside of constance and vel , saul is the most logical thinker among us . 
 once he 's sure he has the big picture , i pause to consider if i 've left anything out . 
 oh yeah ... `` i also think constance knows who orchestrated the attack on sharis , '' i add . 
 `` since the bugs do n't have her , that 's the only explanation that makes sense . '' 
 `` she could tell us if she 's still functional , '' doc offers . 
 vel says , `` functionality is no barrier . 
 i can still salvage the data unless the damage is all-encompassing . '' 
 for the first time in longer than i care to consider , i feel a flicker of hope . 
 maybe i could n't do this by myself , but that 's fine . 
 i should 've called a crew meeting over this two days ago instead of working secretly with vel . 
 i can see now , by trying to take it all on myself , i 've done everyone a disservice . 
 they do n't need me to shield them from reality . 
 good intentions can cause a wide variety of terrible results . 
 `` so instead of trying to find out who this hooded guy is , we should be looking for constance ? '' 
 i gaze around at my team to make sure we 're on the same page . 
 jael asks , `` what hooded guy ? '' 
 `` we 've got an image on one of the static security cams , showing someone sneaking into sharis 's quarters . 
 around your height , too . '' 
 i smile at him . 
 `` but you were playing charm with dina and hit that night after you left the party , right ? '' 
 `` lost more than my shirt , '' he grumbles in confirmation . 
 i go on , `` we think it was an ithtorian , who donned clothing to make himself seem human to the casual observer . 
 most would n't know how to do what vel does ... that technique takes time and practice to master . '' 
 `` and they consider using our ability in such a way a greater shame than resorting to cloth , '' vel adds . 
 `` yes , it 's only to be used as insulation for the honorable stalking of prey on the great tundra . '' 
 i smile to show i mean no insult with the cavalier summation . 
 saul stirs , restive . 
 if he has to be up in the middle of the night , he wants all of us focused . 
 `` we 've gotten slightly off task . 
 does constance possess any feature that could be used to track her ? 
 i know the pa-245 is an expensive model . 
 it stands to reason its owners would want to be able to retrieve it if lost or stolen . '' 
 genius . 
 though i do n't know off the top of my head , i glance at vel . 
 he 's already at the terminal , working , as he answers , `` there should be . 
 if she has any power left to her at all , i should be able to devise something that will pick up her signal . '' 
 `` we should have thought of this sooner . '' 
 regret pierces me . 
 `` you should have brought this to me sooner , '' saul says with some asperity . 
 jael makes a product of yawning . 
 `` i can see you lot have it all under control , so i 'm going to catch a few winks before the next assassination attempt . 
 thanks , doc . '' 
 lost in schematics , none of us pays him any mind as he slips out . 
 chapter 45 tarn 's response to the message i bounced days ago , regarding the successful alliance , finally arrives the next morning . 
 there 's no telling whether the satellites were acting up or whether he played my message for a hundred different people before answering . 
 to say he seems surprised does n't quite encompass it . 
 during the course of his reply , he says , `` i ca n't believe it , '' more than once . 
 i should probably be insulted by that . 
 he closes with , `` just sit tight . 
 once we 've had a chance to make arrangements , i will notify you of where to take the ithtorian representative . '' 
 so he actually approves of the way i 've been handling the situation ? 
 that 's a relief . 
 more than anything , i do n't want to mess things up , but i 'm walking a tightrope that gets thinner with every step . 
 after sending tarn the equivalent of `` you got it , boss '' via bounce , i go see how vel is coming with the gizmo that will detect constance 's frequency . 
 we all agree she knows something important , or she would n't be missing , so it 's become top priority to find her . 
 he 's gifted with electronics , but he has to modify some of his existing equipment , as there is n't a bounty-hunter outlet store anywhere on world . 
 from somewhere deep inside me , i can feel the grief and fear banging like a drum . 
 i 'm able to ignore it for now , keep it under wraps and pretend i 'm sure everything will be fine . 
 it will serve no purpose if i break down . 
 hit stops by shortly thereafter , checking in on me . 
 she 's been protective since i displayed such weakness . 
 `` everything all right ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 we 're looking for constance . 
 how 's dina holding up ? '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` she thinks a lot of march ... and she 's mad at you . 
 i do n't think it 's because she really believes you 're to blame , but sometimes you just need to be angry at somebody , y ' know ? 
 it ca n't be march because he 's gone , being all heroic and shit . 
 i do n't know how you put up with it . 
 i 'd rather serve my own time in the mines than have somebody do me that way . 
 the guilt would be worse than the punishment . '' 
 `` it does get old , '' i admit . 
 `` sometimes i wish he was more ... ordinary , but he would n't be the man i love if he was . '' 
 `` the bitter with the sweet , '' she agrees . 
 `` so what do you guys do to keep from going nuts with boredom anyway ? '' 
 it 's a casual question more than anything . 
 i do n't want to talk about march anymore because that sharp , stabbing pain in my chest is back . 
 hit makes a face . 
 `` we play a lot of charm . '' 
 `` that 's right , '' i murmur . 
 `` jael mentioned he played with you the night sharis was poisoned . '' 
 her whole body freezes . 
 `` he was with us for one hand , jax . 
 no more . 
 so if he 's using us as an alibi - '' `` he 's lying . '' 
 so we have one merc , whereabouts unaccounted for , who fits the height profile . 
 if he did this , i 'll kill him . 
 rage crashes over me , and my hands curl into fists . 
 yeah , i know he 's had a rough life and never found a place he belongs . 
 it 's no wonder , if this is the way he treats people who take him in . 
 `` you want me to keep this quiet ? '' 
 hit asks . 
 `` please . 
 right now , it 's just a suspicion , nothing that will get march off the hook . 
 for all we know , he hooked up with some ithtorian babe . '' 
 we both shudder over that . 
 `` i need evidence , and the last thing i want is for jael to bolt before we find it . 
 if he did this , i 'm handing him to the bugs in chains . '' 
 vel glances up as i step into my bedroom , which he 's turned into an inventor 's lab . 
 metal bits , wires , and tiny glittering chips litter the table . 
 the guts of some device are showing beneath the casing , but i do n't know enough about this sort of thing to judge how the project is coming . 
 `` nearly there . '' 
 he answers my unspoken question . 
 `` but please take a seat , sirantha . 
 your presence will slow me down if you hover . '' 
 no hovering , gotcha . 
 within half an hour , he closes the thing up , then programs it via remote . 
 lights spring up on the exterior , which is surely a good sign . 
 as i look on , he tinkers with it further , and the color shifts to green . 
 vel gets out his handheld and taps away at it for a moment . 
 if i had to speculate , i 'd say he 's linking them somehow , so he can better interpret what the tiny transponder detects . 
 `` anything ? '' 
 though i know questions annoy him when he 's trying to work , i ca n't resist . 
 his answer floors me . 
 `` she is nearby . '' 
 `` what are we waiting for ? 
 let 's go ! '' 
 `` because apparently , she is also here , here , here ... and here . '' 
 vel turns his handheld toward me so i can see the different signals . 
 they seem to be of varying strength . 
 `` what does that mean ? 
 is she in pieces ? '' 
 `` that is one possibility , but i have drawn no conclusions at this time . '' 
 i stand up , relieved to have something to do . 
 it 's also good i do n't need to wear my ornate gold robe anymore . 
 `` no point in sitting around speculating . 
 let 's just go check out each location . '' 
 vel leads the way , and we swing out of my quarters toward the first point on the map . 
 all of them are within the government center somewhere , so this should n't take too long . 
 as we approach the first site , the signal grows stronger , flashing with great urgency . 
 unfortunately , it also lies behind a door marked private : authorized personnel only . 
 dammit . 
 i should have known it would n't be that easy . 
 i glance both ways and see no patrols , but that wo n't be the only security . 
 vel is already making his own assessment , checking out what we 'll need to get inside without getting caught . 
 `` i need you to take this over to the access panel on the far wall , '' he tells me . 
 there 's no time to ask why , or what i 'll be doing . 
 i 'm capable of following directions blindly if i trust the person issuing the commands . 
 `` then what ? '' 
 `` keep an eye on the camera angle . 
 when it pans away , you will have thirty seconds to open the access panel and align this '' - he holds up a small , flat silver device - `` with the bottom edges of the controls . 
 that will take care of the cameras , giving us a three-minute window to get through the door . 
 if it takes us any longer to get out of there , they will eventually see us breaking and entering . '' 
 he does n't need to tell me that 's an outcome best avoided . 
 i do n't want us all sent to the mines . 
 hell , i 'm trying to save march from that fate . 
 `` camera pans away , thirty seconds , three minutes inside . 
 got it . 
 i 'm ready . '' 
 i amble down to the end of the hall and pretend to check out the rampant greenery . 
 it seems like asking vel the name of the plants would be carrying the pretense too far , so i simply bend to examine the waxy green foliage . 
 the moment the camera 's off me , though , i go to work on the panel . 
 i 'm conscious of the seconds ticking away as i seek a catch that will spring the panel . 
 there , found it . 
 my heart thuds in my ears as i fit the gadget into place . 
 at first nothing happens , then it purrs to life . 
 since it 's thin , i 'm able to close the panel on top of it , giving no sign of what we 've done . 
 if we have time , it would be smart to remove it , unless it dissolves on use , like the best black-market ware . 
 `` good job , sirantha . 
 five seconds to spare . '' 
 time for vel to do his part . 
 first he attaches a code breaker to handle the lock . 
 that 's serious contraband , available only on gehenna . 
 i 'm a little amazed and impressed that he managed to sneak it on world with all the scans and tests they put us through before allowing us to leave the docking area . 
 then again , he may have returned for it . 
 after that first time , security slacked way off , as though they did n't consider we could simply make a second trip to the ship . 
 using the tech , he pops the lock easily and we 're through . 
 this is n't a simple maintenance closet , which i already suspected . 
 in the first room , the walls are plain and pale , the floors bare . 
 i would guess they 're designed to feel institutional , although that could be me imposing human values on ithtorian culture . 
 we come to another door , complete with security pads . 
 it does n't take vel long to crack those either . 
 whatever happens in this suite , they do n't want a record of it because there are no cameras anywhere to be found . 
 `` interrogation chambers , '' vel explains briefly . 
 `` for criminals more dangerous than they considered us to be ... or we would have been in here ourselves . '' 
 from the stains on the floor , i suspect it 's used for more than just interrogation . 
 there 's nothing in the first two rooms . 
 we come to another door , also locked , and the signal seems to be coming from beyond it . 
 `` how much time do we have left ? '' 
 `` a minute , forty-five seconds , '' he answers , going to work on the security pad . 
 i tick off the time as the door snaps open . 
 to my vast disappointment , there 's only a tiny cleaning droid in there , attending to some hideous spillage on the floor . 
 it 's some bodily fluid i do n't want to identify , the remnants of somebody being tortured . 
 the little machine gets very agitated when it registers our presences . 
 it woos and hisses at us , skittering in circles . 
 shit . 
 does this thing count as a witness ? 
 he 's thinking along the same lines . 
 `` i was so sure my calculations were specific enough to target only constance . '' 
 he makes a sound that the chip ca n't translate , but i know intuitively it 's a curse . 
 `` we will have to take it with us . 
 we can not chance that it is aware enough to realize we do not belong here and report our presence . '' 
 i agree , so i snatch it up . 
 though it 's small and looks like a spidery crab , the thing is heavier than it looks , solid metal . 
 vel reaches over to power it down before it can beam any information about its circumstances . 
 the central computer may wonder what 's happened to it , but surely units break from time to time . 
 it wo n't be flagged as urgent , i hope . 
 then we head for the door . 
 once we 're safely outside again , thirty seconds to spare , i offer , `` maybe it will help you refine the program so you do n't pick up any more cleaning droids ? '' 
 we have five more spots to check out yet , but i do n't feel too hopeful anymore . 
 in any case , i hope we do n't encounter anyone on the way back to my quarters . 
 i ca n't think of a single compelling reason why we 'd be appropriating a cleaning droid . 
 accessing transcript ... omni news net : profile of an unsung hero tamika navarro , age 27 -lsb- lili lightman faces the vid wearing a serious look . 
 the set is empty but for her and a wall of screens that offers shifting images in tribute to a courageous young woman . 
 they start with pictures of her childhood , progress through her teen years , and end with her graduation photo , where she 's proudly clutching her credentials . -rsb- 
 lili : three days ago , tamika navarro died protecting the people she served . 
 ms. navarro was raised in a spacer family , and she was traveling the star lanes as soon as she was old enough to jump . 
 she worked on freighters , saving enough money to put herself through medical school . 
 once she completed her training , she went to work for phas shipping as one of their company physicians . 
 her crewmates remember her as kind and calm in a crisis . 
 she always had a moment to help out , even if the problem was n't medical in nature . 
 her dedication often caused her to work long hours without submitting a chit for extra pay , knowing the shipping company could little afford it . 
 dr. navarro might have made better credits elsewhere , but she grew to care deeply for her crew and considered herself responsible for keeping them healthy and whole . 
 three days past , she faced her greatest and final challenge . 
 when the morgut attacked their vessel , intending to devour the crew and steal the cargo-ore out of dobrinya mining colony-dr . 
 navarro kept cool . 
 the officers attempted to drive off the other ship , but their weapons were insufficient for the task . 
 at 03.45 , the morgut ship docked with the freighter good hope and began their feast . 
 amid screams of horror and anguish , dr. navarro laid an irresistible lure . 
 using spare transfusion packs , she put down a blood trail and led the morgut to the jettison chamber . 
 this quick thinking saved the rest of her crew . 
 she had no time to get into a suit , so when she hit that button , she chose her death knowing it meant survival for everyone else . 
 a few monsters evaded her trap , but the crew , thus bolstered by her sacrifice , managed to slay them . 
 the cost was high , and dr. navarro paid the ultimate price , but the end result is this : i have the first survivors of a morgut attack with me on the program today . 
 you can look on their faces and know they are here because of tamika navarro . 
 -lsb- lili glances off vid , beckoning , and a group files into view , nearly twenty men and women in all . -rsb- 
 captain chegal , would you like to say a few words ? 
 captain chegal : i would , ms. lightman . 
 thank you . 
 -lsb- he is a man of middle years , silver-haired and weathered . -rsb- 
 we have no words for how grateful we are , but we 've petitioned phas shipping to rechristen our ship . 
 -lsb- he pauses , obviously overcome by emotion . -rsb- 
 from this day forward , she 'll be known as the tamika navarro . 
 if she ever becomes less than starworthy , she 'll be retired and find a good home in the interstellar history museum on new terra . 
 lili : thank you , captain . 
 that 's a fitting tribute . 
 -lsb- she faces the vid once more . -rsb- 
 this is the way we win over our enemies , not with bigger weapons , or faster ships , but with human courage , ingenuity , and sacrifice . 
 do n't lose hope . 
 we 've faced the darkness before-it has nothing new to teach us . 
 as we go about our lives , let us remember the example dr. navarro set for us . 
 at the right time , anyone can be a hero . 
 thanks for watching , and keep reaching for the stars . 
 chapter 46 vel tinkers with his tech for a good hour . 
 when he fires it back up , the signals do n't change . 
 if time were n't ticking away , i would be amused by his frustration . 
 he 's not used to failure or incompetence . 
 i suspect it 's been a long time since he did n't simply do whatever he set out to . 
 when you 're alone like he is , you ca n't rely on other people . 
 maybe that 's starting to change a little , though . 
 i seem to spend more time with vel than with anyone else . 
 that means i know better than to interrupt him , but it 's hard for me to sit still when i need to be doing something . 
 i 'd love to go see march , but they probably would n't let me in . 
 and it will be impossible to leave him there , so when i go to him , i need to be able to take him with me when i go . 
 `` i just do not know what is wrong . '' 
 he sits forward , laying down his gadgets with what seems like a weary , hopeless air . 
 hesitantly , i slip from my seat and kneel beside him . 
 i think this is the first time i 've tried to reciprocate the quiet support he 's given me . 
 a quick mental run-through of ithtorian customs gives me precious little to work with ; they 're not big on reassuring gestures , but i can think of four ways to let him know he 's an incompetent buffoon . 
 so i go the human route and cover his claw with my hand . 
 `` i do n't think it 's your fault . 
 there has to be something else going on , some factor we ca n't plan for because we do n't know about it . '' 
 vel tilts his head , gazing down at the contrast between his green scale and my tan skin . 
 i 'm surprised when he curls our hands together briefly before letting go . 
 such gestures do n't come easy for him , so my heart gives a little tug . 
 `` you can be very kind , sirantha . '' 
 i smile , straightening away from him . 
 `` do n't tell anyone . 
 maybe we should check out the other sites , just in case ? '' 
 he agrees , so we go looking . 
 we find five more cleaning droids , though none so carefully concealed as the first . 
 no sign of constance , however . 
 so now we 're sitting in my quarters with all six of them , and i 'm overwhelmed with a what-the-hell feeling . 
 i 've never known vel to go wrong with technology . 
 he keeps poking at his handheld , checking and rechecking the device he built , based on constance 's schematics , but it keeps telling us the same thing . 
 according to it , she 's here in the room with us in the form of six agitated san-bots . 
 well , they were agitated when we first found them , but right now they 're deactivated . 
 a ridiculous idea occurs to me , but that 's sort of my specialty at this point . 
 `` let 's say you 're right . 
 so maybe they were n't disturbed because we were in no-access areas . 
 maybe they were trying to tell us we were on the right track ? '' 
 vel puts down the gadgets to regard me , canting his head in puzzlement . 
 `` what are you suggesting , sirantha ? '' 
 `` well ... have you ever known a san-bot to care who came and went in its assigned sector ? 
 they 're generally not that sophisticated . 
 but their behavior was atypical , so we took them with us because we were worried they might report us . 
 that 's not normal for a cleaning droid . 
 well ... in most places , it 's not . 
 what about here ? '' 
 he considers . 
 `` no . 
 unless things have changed since i left , these units do not function according to the usual parameters . '' 
 i continue , `` and sharis said things do n't change here , right ? 
 no new tech . 
 if that 's the case , nobody would be thinking about making san-bots more autonomous . '' 
 at last he gets what i 'm driving at . 
 `` shall we power them up simultaneously , since we have gone to the trouble of collecting them ? '' 
 `` i think we better . 
 if something goes wrong ... '' i shrug . 
 `` we can make a colossal mess , then when security arrives , we 'll claim we needed all these bots to mop up after our orgy . 
 that 'll be in keeping with what they think of us . '' 
 vel makes a sound i 've come to recognize as signifying amusement . 
 `` fair enough . 
 these three are mine . '' 
 i cross the room to activate the others . 
 they come online at more or less the same time , but it 's only when the last one powers up that things get interesting . 
 a thin beam of blue light bounces from each to each , then sparks the console . 
 for a moment , nothing else happens , and then an image of constance projects outward from our terminal . 
 `` can you hear me ? '' 
 `` we can , '' i say in delight . 
 `` what happened ? 
 where are you ? '' 
 `` it was jael , '' she answers at once . 
 `` he tampered with one of your walls , and when i questioned his actions , he tried to disable me permanently . '' 
 gotcha , you bastard . 
 i wish i did n't feel so sick and betrayed , but there it is , a huge lump in my stomach . 
 i suspected earlier after talking to hit , but i did n't want to believe it . 
 i wanted there to be some other explanation , but he 's the one who told me constance was on the ship the night she disappeared . 
 he lied to me , every step of the way . 
 that bastard . 
 he was so kind when we left march on lachion . 
 for mary 's sake , i let him hold me while i cried . 
 and now i want to kill him slowly . 
 his ability will certainly make that easier . 
 but i have the advantage . 
 i know he ca n't be taken in a straight fight , so i 'll come at him sideways . 
 a drug slipped into his food seems like fair recompense for what he 's done . 
 i imagine his shock and horror when he wakes to find himself bound . 
 i 'll need to ask doc for an extrapotent narcotic . 
 there 's no telling how fast his body may burn through the substance . 
 it 's a serious break for us that doc will have jael 's records on file because he treated him right here in this room . 
 `` how did you wind up in this ... state ? '' 
 vel gestures at the six san-bots . 
 they 've returned to their standard protocols as they whir around the living area , looking for something to clean . 
 i have no doubt we could turn them loose in the hallway without any untoward consequences . 
 it occurs to me that we do n't want callers while constance is talking to us . 
 for the time being , it 's better if nobody realizes she 's back ... and telling us everything she knows . 
 so i secure the door . 
 `` to avoid permanent decommission , i bounced my consciousness and all relevant data to the nearest unit . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` which happened to be a san-bot . '' 
 `` but this unit did not have the processing capacity to host me , and i would have burned it out in a relatively short time . '' 
 `` so you spread yourself out among six units , '' vel guesses . 
 `` remarkably clever . '' 
 `` i am pleased you found me . '' 
 me , too . 
 i 'd hug her if she was n't an ethereal stream of data at the moment . 
 `` so what happened to your casing ? '' 
 i ca n't bring myself to say `` body . '' 
 that sounds like she 's dead , and we 're talking to her ghost . 
 `` he has hidden it . 
 i will beam the location to your handheld , '' she tells vel , `` but i am unsure whether it can be salvaged . 
 jael seemed intent on damaging it beyond repair . '' 
 `` how do you know where he went with it ? '' 
 that seems remarkable . 
 `` simple , '' the constance holo answers . 
 `` i followed him in my new casing . 
 nobody pays any attention to san-bots . 
 i tried on more than one occasion to attract your attention , sirantha jax , but you ignored me as well . '' 
 i wince . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 look , we need to go find your old casing and see if it can be fixed . '' 
 i glance at the bounty hunter . 
 `` will you be able to run a diagnostic to see if the lila unit is totaled ? '' 
 `` that much i can do . 
 dina will need to handle any actual repairs . '' 
 `` at any rate , it 's proof , so we need to retrieve it . 
 there should be traces of jael 's genetic material left , proving he was the one who dumped the casing . '' 
 `` it offers corroboration , '' vel says . 
 `` we should go without delay . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` constance , can you stay out of sight for a little while ? 
 do n't show yourself to anyone but us , not even if you think you can trust them . '' 
 `` acknowledged . '' 
 her image flickers and disappears . 
 `` do n't shut yourself off . 
 i want you logging everything that happens within sight and hearing of this console . '' 
 she gives the response that never fails to make me smile . 
 `` i am here to help . '' 
 in parting , i ask , `` are you comfortable there in the terminal ? '' 
 not that there 's anything i can do about it right this minute . 
 we need to move . 
 still , it seems polite to ask . 
 constance considers for a moment . 
 `` it is better than being split in six fragments . '' 
 `` glad to hear it . 
 can you conceal yourself from anybody who might be snooping around ? '' 
 that 's probably a dumb question , but i 'll err on the side of caution for once in my life . 
 i know ; it 's one for the record books . 
 `` i can , '' constance replies . 
 `` we 're out then . 
 be careful . '' 
 i pause at the door , uncertain if this is appropriate . 
 ah , to hell with it . 
 `` i 'm really glad you 're back . '' 
 after he verifies the location , vel and i head for the spot where jael dumped her casing . 
 as we walk , a thought strikes me . 
 `` shit . 
 last night , when we were talking about looking for constance , he left . 
 you think he went to do something with the evidence ? 
 maybe he was worried the unit would still broadcast somehow . '' 
 `` that is a legitimate concern , but there is no way to alter events that have already occurred . 
 all we can do is move faster , sirantha . '' 
 so we do . 
 chapter 47 vel and i follow the directions from the handheld . 
 we range into a little-used part of the government center ; i hope we 're not trespassing . 
 instead of the lush , tropical environs in the public areas , this is all bare and plain , some matte metal that could use a good cleaning . 
 from the dirty treads on the floor , heavy equipment is often brought through this way . 
 we pass a few low-ranking bugs as we go , but nobody seems overly curious . 
 then again , i 'm not dressed as the ambassador , and i doubt they 'd recognize me without the gold robe . 
 the only common theme between my public persona and the real jax is the green tattoo around my throat . 
 still , at any moment , i expect someone to stop us and ask what the hell we 're doing . 
 tension settles in my shoulders . 
 this part of the complex is n't for public passage . 
 what are the penalties for being here ? 
 the device beeps faster as we get closer , distracting me . 
 finally , we make the last turn and wind up outside a maintenance closet . 
 once we step inside , it becomes clear the spot we 're trying to reach is somehow behind the wall . 
 vel fiddles with it , and the access panel pops open . 
 we both stand for a moment , cursing . 
 now it 's just an empty space through which maintenance droids can pass to make repairs . 
 in other words , jael has indeed moved the lila unit . 
 no wonder he wanted me to get off world as soon as possible . 
 he must 've known his fiction would n't hold forever . 
 `` our next move has to be finding that damned interrogator and telling him the truth , '' i say decisively . 
 vel agrees , tapping his handheld for a few seconds . 
 `` he is currently at the center for jurisprudence . '' 
 i make a face . 
 `` where else ? '' 
 on the way , we do n't say much . 
 vel guides us smoothly from the tram to the lift that adjoins the building . 
 most complexes connect via underground , and it 's rare for ithtorians to need to go outdoors , which is just as well , given the nuclear winter out there . 
 there are no hitches in our mission until we hit the outer office . 
 a low-ranking male objects , `` you may not interrupt the interrogator . 
 if you care to make an appointment , he will see you at his earliest convenience . '' 
 after vel translates , i draw myself up , trying to look intimidating . 
 `` i am the ambassador from new terra , and i have information he 'll wish to possess immediately . 
 i would n't want to be in your shoes when he finds out you delayed me . '' 
 fear of his boss 's wrath seems effective . 
 the bug leaps to his feet and retreats into the inner office , presumably to relay the information . 
 a few minutes later , ehon himself comes out . 
 `` i trust this is important , ambassador ? '' 
 the interrogator waves us back to his sanctum sanctorum . 
 `` you have the wrong man in custody . 
 march only confessed because the poison was found in my quarters . 
 he was trying to shield me . 
 through a private internal investigation , we 've discovered the real culprit . '' 
 i quickly outline the circumstances ... and how he tried to do away with one of my staff members . 
 i do n't dare tell the whole story because they do n't know constance is a droid . 
 i 'm not sure how they 'll take that revelation . 
 we do n't dare do anything that will screw things up now that the alliance has passed . 
 vel confirms my caution with a slight inclination of his head . 
 by the time vel has rephrased what i said into the best possible form , ehon has started tapping his claws against the chitin of his chest . 
 that 's not a good sign . 
 `` but this person somehow survived the attack and being held for days against her will ? '' 
 after vel relays the question , i nod . 
 `` will this person testify in front of the tribunal that she saw this mercenary hide the vial in your quarters ? '' 
 ouch . 
 therein lies the rub . 
 `` she ... ca n't . '' 
 ehon is out of patience with me . 
 `` so you bring me this story with no physical evidence and no witness ? 
 just what do you expect me to do with this information ? '' 
 he sits forward , glittering gaze fixed on me . 
 `` i will tell you what i think , ambassador . 
 now that the alliance has passed , you are trying to save your lover without regard for our justice system or the truth . '' 
 pretending i do n't understand keeps me from doing something stupid . 
 i wait for vel to speak before i protest , `` that 's not true . 
 i just want the real guilty party to pay . '' 
 the interrogator checks something on his terminal . 
 `` he is . 
 this is a moot point , ambassador . 
 even if you had evidence , the offender was sentenced this morning , and we do not try the same crime twice . 
 the prison convoy left for the mines two hours ago . '' 
 oh , mary , no . 
 anguish crashes through me , smashing barriers i 've put in place . 
 i 'm drowning in it . 
 march thinks i did n't even care enough to come see him , not once , not even to say good-bye . 
 he probably thinks i 've written him off . 
 that 's what the world would expect of the old jax . 
 easy come , easy go . 
 i ca n't imagine how alone he must feel right now . 
 from somewhere far away , vel and ehon seem to be talking , but i ca n't hear them through the roaring in my head . 
 too little , too late . 
 through the sheen of tears , i offer a clumsy wa in parting as vel drags me out of the interrogator 's office . 
 he keeps me upright , but i ca n't seem to make my legs cooperate . 
 vel gives me a little shake . 
 `` sirantha , pull yourself together . 
 it is beneath you to stand and weep like a woman . 
 you can do better than this . '' 
 well , i am a woman . 
 but his brusque treatment helps more than a soothing pat . 
 with great effort , i battle it back and try to think . 
 `` where are the mines from here ? '' 
 he regards me for a moment , incredulous . 
 `` you can not be thinking of a rescue ? '' 
 `` you bet your ass i am . '' 
 `` they are eight hours by underground , '' vel replies . 
 `` and i do not know of any way to get inside from the surface . '' 
 `` so we might need to stow away . '' 
 i make a mental note . 
 `` well , we 're going to get in there somehow , leave jael in march 's cell , and get the hell off world . '' 
 i know my orders are to wait for the summit to be decided and transport the ithtorian representative , whoever that turns out to be , but tarn can send another ship . 
 my presence here is n't vital . 
 the delegate will still arrive on time for the peace conference-such things take time to arrange . 
 if we play this well , they 'll never know they have the wrong human . 
 i suspect we all look alike to them anyway . 
 if things go badly , it will destroy the alliance and any hope for ithtorian assistance in the coming war . 
 i know that . 
 for march , it 's a risk i 'm willing to take . 
 despite his obvious misgivings , vel tells me , `` i am with you until the end . '' 
 that declaration makes my heart twist inside my chest . 
 i do n't deserve that kind of loyalty from anyone , let alone someone like vel . 
 you could search the galaxy thrice over and not find his equal . 
 having a plan helps , however impossible . 
 i head for the underground , already planning our next move . 
 `` we need to get doc , dina , and hit together quietly . 
 we ca n't let jael know what we 're planning , or he 'll bail . 
 i would n't put it past him to steal our ship and leave us stranded here . '' 
 `` we should stay off comm channels , '' vel says . 
 `` i do not know what he can do , but it is best to assume he has the ability to listen in . '' 
 `` you do n't think he has some kind of tap on my terminal , do you ? 
 would he know that constance has taken up residence there ? '' 
 we take the lift down to the station while he thinks about that . 
 `` i do not know , '' he says eventually . 
 `` before yesterday , i would have said it was impossible for a pa to split into segments and hide within the processors of six separate cleaning droids . 
 i no longer feel able to predict what might happen next . '' 
 `` you and me both , '' i mutter . 
 when we reach the ship , we find dina and hit together , no surprise there . 
 `` emergency meeting in my quarters , '' i say , ignoring dina 's fierce scowl . 
 i do n't have time to fight with her if we 're going to make this happen . 
 next we go looking for doc . 
 he 's working on something in his lab . 
 when i step closer , i realize he 's tinkering with samples of my dna and that of baby-z . 
 remembering the little lost one gives me a pang . 
 i guess he 's back to his original assignment , which was to try to come up with a species that could jump without the aggravated risk of burnout . 
 `` what do you need , jax ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` your help . 
 come to my quarters as soon as you wrap up here . '' 
 chapter 48 once everyone is assembled , the door is secured , and vel has set up his signal jammer to make sure we 're not being bugged , i fill them in . 
 it does n't take long to explain what happened to constance and jael 's role in it . 
 by the time i 'm done , they look livid-with the exception of doc . 
 he just seems puzzled . 
 `` that son of a bitch , '' dina growls . 
 `` i 'm going to pull out his spleen and make him eat it . '' 
 `` do we know why he did this ? '' 
 doc asks . 
 i shrug . 
 `` with all due respect ... i do n't give a rat 's ass . 
 it 's what , not why . 
 here 's what i need from you , saul-a sedative powerful enough to make a rodeisian sleep for a week . '' 
 jael has lost my loyalty , so i do n't hesitate to explain . 
 `` see , he 's bred , and he heals crazy fast . 
 pain does n't faze him either . 
 it 's unlikely we could take him in a fight . '' 
 `` i could , '' vel says quietly . 
 `` but it would be messy , and i would sustain grievous physical damage in the process . '' 
 `` that 's best avoided , '' hit says . 
 `` and it would slow us down . 
 as i understand it , time is critical . '' 
 my thoughts exactly . 
 i go on , `` so here 's my idea . 
 at this point , he 's afraid we 're going to find out what he did , but he does n't realize we already have . 
 he did something with the lila unit when he found vel was building something to try and track constance . 
 to his mind , he 's covered his tracks completely , and he wo n't be expecting us to make a move on him . 
 it 's imperative we all pretend nothing 's changed if we run across him . '' 
 i glance at dina . 
 `` can you do that ? '' 
 for a moment she struggles with the idea of not moving on the man she wants to kill , then she says , `` yeah . 
 i can . 
 i will . 
 do n't worry , jax . 
 i 'll hold up my end . '' 
 `` great . 
 then this is what i need from you and hit ... he 's been hanging out with you guys , right ? 
 so invite him to your room tonight to play charm . 
 do n't insist . 
 just mention casually that you 'll be playing , and he 's welcome to stop by . '' 
 hit murmurs , `` i can do that . '' 
 i glance at doc . 
 `` can you use the med data you took when you worked on the wound in his side ? 
 to make the sedative . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` i can ... but i do n't like it , jax . 
 are you sure he did this ? 
 have you talked to him ? 
 he took a knife in the gut for you . 
 it makes no sense that he 'd save your life but poison councilor sharis for no apparent reason . '' 
 `` doc , '' i say dangerously , `` do n't even think about talking to him about this . 
 if he 's alerted , then our whole plan goes to hell . 
 i do n't care if it does n't make sense . 
 i know what constance said . '' 
 `` somebody could have reprogrammed her , '' saul points out . 
 vel shakes his head . 
 `` a pa of her caliber has protocols in place that will initiate a self-destruct if unauthorized personnel attempt such a maneuver . '' 
 i try to keep my cool when i have about a thousand conflicting impulses roiling in my head . 
 screaming sounds good . 
 so does punching something . 
 beneath it all , the need to jump ravages my nervous system . 
 i can feel myself starting to unravel , so i direct my attention elsewhere while doc thinks . 
 `` that reminds me , '' i say . 
 `` dina , i need you to head for my quarters with a memory spike big enough to hold an entire pa , including all programming and files . '' 
 `` mother mary , '' she mutters . 
 `` you do n't ask much , do you ? '' 
 `` can you do it ? '' 
 after a little bitching , she admits , `` yeah , i can . 
 i 'll take care of it as soon as we 're done here . 
 where is she ? '' 
 `` in the terminal in my quarters . 
 i 'll signal her that you 've been cleared . 
 i told her not to show herself to anyone . '' 
 hit nods . 
 `` smart . 
 we might 've lost her if she had n't been so damn resourceful . '' 
 yeah , that surprises me a little , to be honest . 
 she 's definitely gone beyond the parameters of her helpful administrator chip . 
 dina or vel might want to compare notes later on and see what makes constance tick . 
 i glance at doc , figuring he 's had long enough to weigh all the angles . 
 `` look , i know you do n't like passing judgment , but jael 's guilty , and i want march back . 
 are you in or out ? '' 
 he hesitates , and i add , `` if you say out , i 'm confining you to the lab with no comm until we 're done . 
 nothing personal . '' 
 `` i 'm in , '' he says heavily . 
 `` i ca n't leave march to rot in an ithtorian prison . 
 i 'll get started on the drug dosage right away . '' 
 `` excellent . 
 i 'm afraid i need to ask one more thing of you , doc . '' 
 he looks apprehensive , rubbing thumb and forefinger over his gray goatee . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` vel and i will join the game at dina 's place . 
 jael will think that with everyone where he can see them , he has nothing to worry about . 
 you 'll catch him off guard . '' 
 saul 's expression shifts to abject horror . 
 `` i wo n't hurt anyone , jax . 
 i do n't cause harm . '' 
 his face goes grim . 
 `` there are enough people who do so gleefully without my adding to it . '' 
 `` that 's why you 're perfect for this job . 
 you come up behind him and fill him full of sedative . 
 it wo n't technically hurt him . '' 
 `` a semantic difference , '' he tells me coldly . 
 i hate to play this card , but i 'll do anything , say anything , to see march safe . 
 `` so you 're ready to risk letting jael get away then ? 
 he 's smart , or we 'd have been onto him long before now . 
 if anything goes wrong tonight at dina 's place one of us could be seriously hurt , maybe even killed . 
 then who 's going to rescue march ? '' 
 i stretch my legs out , leveling on doc-one person who 's been unfailingly kind to me-my coldest look . 
 `` but i guess you 'll be fine with that because you 'll have your principles intact . 
 i hope they 're enough to sustain you when you have to tell keri what happened to march . '' 
 dina 's swift intake of breath tells she ca n't believe i said that . 
 for a long moment , nobody speaks in this frozen tableau . 
 i can hear hit breathing next to me . 
 then doc says softly , as if his heart is breaking , `` what time ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' jael echoes . 
 `` what time ? '' 
 ah , shit . 
 i turn slowly to find him standing in the doorway . 
 he cracked vel 's security and slid in without anyone noticing . 
 that speaks volumes for his skill level . 
 i wish that did n't also mean we 're royally fragged . 
 the merc saunters in wearing a cocky smile . 
 `` seems strange that you 'd be having a private party , and i 'm not invited , y ' know ? '' 
 he nudges me with his foot . 
 `` what 's up with that , jax ? 
 i did save your life . 
 what happened ? 
 am i not your best mate anymore ? '' 
 `` that depends , '' i say slowly . 
 `` on what , darling ? '' 
 he stands between me and the door . 
 i do n't have a weapon to hand , and he does . 
 jael spins it elegantly in the palm of his hand , but his reflexes are lightning fast . 
 i do n't know how much he heard , so it might be worth our time to bluff . 
 no , forget that . 
 now i 'll take doc 's advice since my plan has gone to hell . 
 `` on whether you tried to kill sharis and destroy everything i 've been working toward . 
 saving my life just is n't that major in comparison . 
 i 'm not that important . '' 
 `` your man seems to think so , '' jael says , still smiling . 
 `` i heard he 's already on his way to suffer for you . 
 touching , that , if a little foolish for my tastes . '' 
 `` answer the question , '' dina demands . 
 jael shakes his head . 
 `` you seem to have all the answers . 
 what could i add ? '' 
 `` the truth , '' saul says . 
 `` you could tell us why . 
 help us understand you . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm dead simple , doc . 
 i like credits , lots of them . 
 your mother pays very well , by the way , jax , a grand way to make a little extra on the side . 
 tarn has n't been shelling out as fast as i like , and let 's face it ... i 'm made for more interesting jobs . '' 
 i wonder if anyone else notices the faint , bitter stress on the word `` made . '' 
 he thinks of himself as something less than human , though he 's technically more . 
 mary curse it , i do n't want to pity him when i loathe him so much , but i know what it 's like to be despised and hunted . 
 i 've never been more miserable than when everyone thought i was responsible for the crash of the sargasso . 
 so maybe i understand the reason he 's like this , but it does n't change anything . 
 at least i understand his abortive apology on the skiff now . 
 `` so it was just another job to you . '' 
 i 'd thought i was over the sting , but hurt bubbles up anew . 
 `` i cared about you , you know . 
 i thought we were friends . '' 
 his cocky smile flickers . 
 `` men like me do n't have friends , love . '' 
 some of his flippancy fades , as he regards me . 
 `` but i never meant anything to happen to you . 
 i do n't have anything against you , quite the contrary . 
 you 've been good to me . 
 i thought they 'd never search your quarters . 
 i figured you 'd have immunity by virtue of your post . '' 
 `` forgive me if i do n't swoon over your good intentions . '' 
 my tone could cut glass . 
 `` what the hell do you want from us ? '' 
 `` right now ? 
 passage . 
 we 've stayed long enough . 
 would n't want to wear out our welcome . '' 
 he gestures with his weapon . 
 `` i 'll send you and hit to do your thing in the cockpit . 
 i 'll be keeping dina , doc , and the bug to ensure your good behavior . 
 if we do n't wind up on gehenna within twenty-four hours , i 'll start killing them one by one . '' 
 `` okay , '' i say , placating him . 
 `` you 're in charge . 
 we wo n't do anything dumb . '' 
 i glance at hit , who gives me an infinitesimal nod . 
 trusting that she has a plan , i suck in a fortifying breath and climb slowly to my feet . 
 jael tracks my progress with his gun , and i 'm careful not to make any sudden moves . 
 hit does that for me . 
 almost before i can track the movement , she dives across the room and stabs him with the hypo from her pinky nail . 
 his weapon discharges as he goes down , but luckily , it hits the furniture . 
 one of the chairs now sports a smart smoldering spot . 
 `` you may be bred , '' she bites out , lips pulled back from her lips in a feral snarl , `` but you do n't threaten the woman i love and get away with it . '' 
 she gives his inert body a kick for emphasis . 
 `` it 's a lethal poison for anyone else , but i think he should survive it . '' 
 i take cover . 
 jael thrashes for a while , but as his nervous system shorts out , his convulsions slow so that the weapon tumbles from his hand . 
 dina steps out from behind her chair and falls into hit 's arms . 
 they kiss with a tenderness i 've seldom seen between two people . 
 i make myself look away , not knowing if i 'll ever see march again . 
 that hinges on jael . 
 so let 's hope his metabolism wo n't permit him to die from this either . 
 otherwise , it puts a serious crimp in my plan . 
 we need to leave a living human in the cell to work in the mines . 
 that 's the only way this goes undiscovered . 
 the bugs will forgive us for scarpering off ; i 'll ask sharis to tell everyone i heeded his warning about the danger . 
 `` well , '' i say , `` that did n't go as planned , but in some ways , it 's better and more efficient . 
 dina 's off to fetch constance , and we need to steal a tram . 
 shall we talk about phase two ? '' 
 chapter 49 i 'm nervous . 
 the plan has so many prongs that i have trouble keeping track of them . 
 right now , if all has gone well , the ship is telling the docking authority that they have orders to quit the planet immediately , based on the threat to the ambassador , and that another ship will arrive to take the representative to the summit , once a location has been agreed upon . 
 they will then pause just outside sensor range , so dina and hit can sneak back into the atmosphere and land a shuttle near the mines to wait for us . 
 we 're going on the assumption we 'll be able to find an exit once we 're inside . 
 as for vel and me , well , we did n't need to steal a train . 
 instead , we 're traveling openly on one . 
 this has to be the first time that humans have ever passed for bugs , and this getup is hot , heavy , and restrictive . 
 it took vel hours of shaping the material to make it look convincing . 
 good thing he has an artistic background and practice making himself look like someone else . 
 i suspect he 's never reverse engineered the process in this way before . 
 to make matters worse , i can barely see out of the side-set eyes , and i ca n't make a sound before we reach the mines . 
 jael lies at our feet in unbreakable restraints , muzzled like an animal . 
 he regained consciousness about an hour ago and has been glaring at us with implacable hatred ever since . 
 i feel the weight even if i ca n't see his eyes . 
 that 's too bad . 
 he 's going to pay for what he 's done , even if i ca n't interest the ithtorians in carrying out the sentence . 
 i do n't imagine he 's any happier in his disguise than i am , but i do n't care about that either . 
 the underground seems to cover the entire surface of the planet , zooming through darkness as if the world is honeycombed with such passages . 
 our ride is so swift and smooth that we can not be touching the ground . 
 for a moment , i marvel at that and speculate about the nature of the magnetic field that powers the technology . 
 once we 're inside , vel will need to hack their system quickly and find out where they 're keeping march . 
 pretty much everything hinges on that . 
 then he 'll need to snag the codes that authorize us to place a prisoner in his area . 
 but i do n't have doubts . 
 i ca n't afford to entertain them . 
 still , dina and hit have orders to wait for us no more than twenty-four hours . 
 if we do n't turn up by this time tomorrow , they know they 're supposed to rendezvous with the big ship and get the hell out of here , and they 'd better follow orders . 
 i do n't want anybody else getting caught in the cross fire . 
 if i did n't need vel to make this work , he would n't be here . 
 i wish i could do this on my own , but i ca n't . 
 the chip only lets me understand ithtorian ; i do n't have a vocalizer to simulate language . 
 i ca n't cut through systems like he does either , so he 's critical to our success . 
 the underground has no windows , and the interior lights flicker from time to time . 
 like the other guards , we stand motionless . 
 the rest of them do n't have any prisoners they 're transporting . 
 i can only assume they 're reporting for an extended shift at the mines . 
 wonder who they pissed off to get this assignment . 
 it seems like an eternity before we arrive , but the tram eventually slows . 
 a red symbol lights up , and i know even before vel cues me that this is our stop . 
 vel tosses jael over his shoulder with casual strength . 
 no doubt the merc would struggle , but the manacles he 's wearing subject him to subtle electric shocks that , instead of hurting him , turn his muscles to pudding . 
 i just love vel 's bounty-hunter pack . 
 as hit predicted , jael shrugged off the poison in record time , but it was long enough for our purposes . 
 vel waits for the other guards , learning from their example , and i stand quiet , doing the same . 
 when they disembark , they head for a tall , solid metal door at the top of a sloping ramp . 
 there 's a reader everyone is supposed to use , but once the first guy does it , the rest of them just catch the door and pass through . 
 that 's a break for us since we do n't have credentials , and i suspect they would n't be easy to forge on the fly . 
 we fall in at the end of the line , following the other guards up a spiral walkway that leads to a platform . 
 from there , they all go their separate ways , and i can see we 've reached the staging area for the mine complex . 
 before we left , vel did all the research he could on this place , based on limited available information , but he could n't hack their system from outside . 
 i follow him down a corridor where the flooring is made of some dark , dull metal . 
 the rough obsidian walls glitter with starry luster , probably whatever they mine here . 
 vel does n't appear to be paying any attention to our surroundings , but i 'm positive he knows where we 're going . 
 the mining area is vast and sprawling , but the security is less on this side . 
 going the opposite way on the platform would take us into the prison complex , where they break the prisoners until they 're docile enough to work in the mines . 
 at that time , they 're also fit with an ankle bracelet that detonates if they roam outside their assigned area . 
 i know why we 're going this way first , but it does n't stop my heart from pounding like a class p drum . 
 any minute i expect someone to stop us , but guards are few and far between on this side . 
 the miners we pass do n't even stop their work as we go by . 
 most of them look thin , weary , and utterly beyond hope . 
 i 've never seen such dull eyes in a bug ; it 's like they do n't even see us anymore . 
 vel makes a swift right turn , carrying jael over one shoulder as if he could bear his weight forever . 
 thankfully , the plans he found for this site are relatively up-to-date . 
 we stand outside an abandoned guard outpost . 
 at one time , this site was manned and used to keep tabs on the prisoners close-up . 
 they 've since found better ways to break the prisoners and make them docile , so they do n't need the same number of guards . 
 given the trouble , they have n't removed the equipment , which is downright antiquated . 
 let 's hope it 's still functional . 
 vel crosses behind the work area , dumping jael none too gently on the ground . 
 once more , my job is to look out for anybody who might question what we 're doing . 
 so far , it 's just miners as far as the eye can see , mechanically operating the machinery . 
 in fact , the constant roar of equipment makes it hard to hear myself think . 
 `` it is functional , '' vel says , as if he heard my unspoken worry . 
 though i do n't stop my paranoid sweep of the corridor to either side of us , i know what he 's doing . 
 first he 'll use his jammer so they ca n't pinpoint the site of unauthorized access , if they even notice it . 
 then he 'll find out where march is being kept . 
 i just hope they have n't hurt him too much . 
 after all he 's been through , it 'll take more than a day to break him . 
 he wo n't be docile enough to work yet , not by a long shot . 
 at least , we 're counting on that . 
 if he 's accepted his fate , and they 've put him to work out in the mines , we wo n't be able to find him until after his shift is over ... and here , they work twenty-four hours . 
 but maybe vel could find out what hours march works on his system profile . 
 i do n't know how much information the bugs keep in a central location . 
 that will complicate matters considerably . 
 our plan counts on mobility and speed . 
 if we have to hang around down here for an extended period of time , it increases our risk of being discovered-and having our ride take off without us . 
 there 's no point in borrowing trouble , however . 
 once he 's found march 's cell location , he 'll look for the codes they use to assign prisoners to that area . 
 and then we 'll head that way with jael . 
 in theory , it all sounds pretty simple . 
 in practice , i 'm so scared i could die . 
 thank mary , vel is always so cool and calm . 
 i do n't think i could 've done this with anyone else . 
 this is probably the stupidest and most dangerous thing i 've ever done ... in a long history of same . 
 march is worth it . 
 `` found him , '' vel says at length . 
 not fast enough . 
 there are a couple of guards on the way . 
 only one positive , they have n't seen me yet . 
 `` we 've got company , '' i whisper , darting around behind the workstation . 
 it 's not a big area , but if we crouch , we might be able to hide . 
 of course , there will be no explaining that away . 
 i glance at vel , hoping he 'll know what to do . 
 if we clock these two guards , we risk them waking up before we 're ready and sounding the alarm . 
 i do n't feel good about killing two bugs if we do n't absolutely have to . 
 maybe we should try talking to them . 
 he answers by hunkering down , making himself as small as possible . 
 i take his example and hope for the best . 
 chapter 50 they pass by without even looking in our direction , though not because of jael 's cooperation . 
 the bastard thrashes-or tries to-in hopes of attracting their attention , but he only succeeds in relaxing his muscles to the point that he can scarcely move . 
 i love that he can be immobilized with the equivalent of deep-tissue massage . 
 he ca n't even claim we 're hurting him . 
 when i 'm sure the guards have had time to get out of sight , i return to my post . 
 vel gets back to work as if nothing has happened . 
 he still has more data to locate . 
 `` transfer codes , '' he says with satisfaction . 
 only then do i realize he 's been speaking ithtorian the whole time . 
 that surprises me . 
 i 've gotten so used to the sound of the language that it does n't even register anymore , as long as i understand his meaning . 
 `` ready to move ? '' 
 in answer , he shoulders an increasingly limp jael , and we retrace our steps back to the platform . 
 it 's deserted now as we 're slightly off shift . 
 i hope that does n't cause trouble , but we could n't have gone straight into the prison area . 
 our first test comes when we reach the initial checkpoint . 
 there 's a bored and slightly bloated bug sitting at a terminal . 
 i ca n't see its s * x org * ns , but i assume it 's male . 
 females rarely get sent to work here . 
 `` state your business , '' the guard demands . 
 vel bluffs . 
 `` we have a prisoner for placement in sector 1167-a . '' 
 `` why is he unconscious ? '' 
 that sounds like a careless question . 
 `` he resisted at his sentencing . '' 
 the guard clicks his claws in disgust . 
 `` so many of them do , as if it changes anything . 
 crazy savages . 
 codes ? '' 
 as vel supplies them , i hold my breath . 
 the guard inputs them and a light comes on . 
 what does that mean ? 
 i feel myself start to tremble , fear sweat slipping down my spine . 
 my idea of hell would be eternity down here . 
 already the walls feel like they 're closing in on me . 
 i can do this if it means saving march . 
 i push the terror into a hard little knot and swallow it . 
 after what seems like forever , the guard says , `` clear , '' and buzzes us through . 
 the security door just past him clicks open . 
 vel leads the way since he 's memorized the layout of the place . 
 we repeat that process at two more checkpoints , but the codes are good and current , so nobody questions us . 
 they 've never had any trouble out here , so they 're not expecting any . 
 that works in our favor . 
 besides , who the hell , besides us , would try to sneak a prisoner into the mines ? 
 i concentrate on keeping my movements bug-like . 
 i do n't want to attract untoward attention . 
 down here , though , nobody looks too hard at anyone else . 
 even the guards have a hopeless air . 
 i guess they know there 's no recovering from whatever disgrace landed them here in the first place . 
 the only thing worse ? 
 being confined here instead of assigned here . 
 we travel for a good long while . 
 apparently march has been put in a remote area . 
 the last checkpoint lets us into the prison proper . 
 this area has been carved from solid rock , and the cells are primarily caves fitted with metal grates . 
 i 've never seen anything like it . 
 these prisoners are devoid of the most basic necessities . 
 they 're forced to sleep in their own filth , no bath or toilet facilities . 
 it 's beyond horrifying . 
 the prisoners do n't call out as we pass . 
 most of them simply lie curled on their sides , waiting for the next cruelty . 
 no wonder they 're so docile once they move to a better area . 
 they 'd probably do anything to avoid being returned to this place . 
 and i let them send march here . 
 i let this happen . 
 my heart breaks . 
 vel says then , `` unless they have moved him and not recorded the switch , march is just up ahead , sirantha . 
 do you want a moment with him before i bring jael in ? '' 
 i almost forget and answer in universal . 
 just in time , i simply incline my head . 
 `` then you will need this . 
 simply press it up against the lock and wait . '' 
 he 's pressed a code breaker into my hand . 
 though i 've never used one , i 've seen march and vel do it . 
 it requires no special skill , just this piece of hardware . 
 i nod my thanks , and vel pulls back into a niche in the rock wall . 
 i should n't linger long before we move , but i appreciate him giving me this time . 
 march 's cell is no different than anyone else 's , just a dark hole in the rock . 
 since he has n't been here long , it does n't stink like some . 
 in this uncertain half-light , i ca n't even make out if he 's in there , but it does n't stop me from putting the code breaker to work . 
 slender filaments snake out into the lock . 
 a moment later , the door swings open , and the item trickles away into chemical dust . 
 that must have been the last charge . 
 trembling all over , i step into the cell . 
 as my eyes adjust , i see march slumped against the far wall . 
 `` i did n't think i was due for another beating for hours yet . '' 
 but his voice sounds tired , not defiant . 
 shit . 
 he thinks i 'm a bug . 
 my hands are shaking so bad , i can hardly get the headpiece off . 
 finally , i manage , and he leans forward to get a better look at me , as if he thinks his sight might be playing tricks . 
 he comes up on his knees , knuckling his eyes for good measure . 
 `` i must be dreaming . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` you 're not . '' 
 i think this is the first time i 've ever seen him totally overcome . 
 march struggles visibly for words , and finally comes up with : `` what 're you doing here , jax ? '' 
 `` i tried to get them to let you go , but your confession was all they wanted . 
 they do n't care about the truth . 
 they do n't even care which human suffers , as long as one of us does , but it must give them special satisfaction to know they 've taken someone important to me . 
 it 's an indirect way of punishing me , too . '' 
 `` that does n't answer the question . '' 
 he has n't moved , has n't tried to take me in his arms . 
 i continue my story doggedly . 
 `` so i made up my mind to fix this . 
 jael belongs in here , not you . 
 as far as i 'm concerned , he can rot here forever in your place . 
 i do n't care after what he let them do to you . '' 
 `` it was jael ? '' 
 now he 's surprised . 
 `` what the hell - '' `` my mother , '' i answer bitterly . 
 `` she bought him on venice minor . 
 i should have wondered why he drew the line at slitting her throat , but i did n't know him well enough to realize he 'd kill anybody if the price was right . 
 credits are the only god he acknowledges . 
 the bastard was still doing his job as my bodyguard while working to undermine the alliance . 
 he figured he could collect both payouts as long as the alliance failed , and i did n't die here . '' 
 `` tarn would have to pay , '' march agrees . 
 `` but they wo n't listen to you ... so you sneaked in ... to say good-bye ? '' 
 he looks older somehow , thin , battered , and inexpressibly weary , possibly even of life itself . 
 his lip is split , and even in this light , i can tell he has a black eye . 
 there 's crusted blood all down his neck . 
 i ca n't imagine what the rest of him looks like . 
 rage flashes though me . 
 right now i would like to blow this whole planet to pieces . 
 i try not to consider that this is the ending he wants , dying like a hero . 
 so i take a breath , mustering the courage to go on . 
 `` you proved once you 'd kill the world for me . 
 i may be doing the same thing ... i do n't know if the alliance will hold , if they notice the switch . 
 they might see it as treachery and call everything off . 
 i do n't know , and i do n't care either . 
 see , the world is n't worth saving without you in it . '' 
 `` jax - '' `` vel is waiting in the hall with jael . 
 dina and hit have a shuttle hidden nearby , and the ship 's in orbit , waiting for us . 
 we need to get you out . '' 
 i manage a smile then . 
 `` you have three minutes to decide , mr. march , and the clock is ticking . '' 
 there 's a flicker of recognition as he remembers his words in my cell that day . 
 i have the feeling he really thought he 'd been abandoned . 
 that hurts as much as anything he could have said . 
 or not said . 
 i ca n't believe he does n't know i 'd walk through hell for him . 
 i ca n't believe he does n't realize there are no circumstances under which i 'd give up on him . 
 i 'm not that jax anymore . 
 `` well ... i 'd be an idiot to say no after you went to all this trouble , would n't i ? '' 
 he pushes to his feet though he ca n't stand upright in here . 
 i slip out the open cell door and signal vel , who brings our replacement . 
 from here , the plan is simple . 
 march dons the bug disguise jael had on , and we walk him out , leaving jael in his cell . 
 now we just need to find an exit . 
 the conglomerate needs you ! 
 the armada motto : `` we make war that we may live in peace . '' 
 the time has come for us to return to the days of empire . 
 we will build a strong tomorrow , and you can be a part of it . 
 we will fear nothing but injustice . 
 join now ! 
 fight for liberty , truth , and right ! 
 there can be no greater good than to give yourself for your people . 
 do n't miss this opportunity to see the stars full training provided includes special , credentialed career paths 500-credit signing bonus enlistment term , three turns recruitment offices on all tier worlds bounce inquiries to 12.45.900.78.0987 chapter 51 `` this is n't over , '' jael says , as vel takes off his muzzle . 
 next , the bounty hunter removes his restraints . 
 we ca n't leave any sign this is n't the same human they had before . 
 i 'm counting on the fact that we all look alike to them ... and even if some guard notices , he wo n't want to get in trouble by being the one to point it out . 
 how do you explain winding up with the wrong prisoner in a completely secure facility ? 
 in such a case , the person who reports the discrepancy is almost certainly going to be blamed , harking back to a long , proud tradition of shooting the messenger . 
 jael fixes on us a look sparkling with hatred . 
 `` they wo n't be able to hold me . 
 and i will find you . '' 
 i smile from the other side of the grate . 
 `` good luck with that . '' 
 `` word to the wise , '' march says . 
 `` yelling just pisses them off . '' 
 `` from here , you can not speak , '' vel tells us . 
 i know that , but march needs the reminder . 
 jael 's suit is a tight squeeze for him in the shoulders , but he wedges into it . 
 vel takes a moment to paint some stripes on it , differentiating him from the bug we carried in . 
 clever . 
 it would n't pass muster close up in good light since the colors are clearly painted , not etched in the usual way , but down here , it should do . 
 we pass through the checkpoints easily , just three bugs returning from a patrol . 
 we 're only stopped at the last one . 
 the guard eyes us . 
 `` everything quiet in there ? '' 
 `` there is one troublemaker making noise , '' vel says . 
 `` otherwise , yes . '' 
 `` good . 
 going off duty ? '' 
 `` food break . '' 
 the guard accepts this without question . 
 `` enjoy . 
 see you later . '' 
 like hell . 
 to my surprise , vel takes us straight back to the staging area . 
 `` one glitch , '' he says in an undertone . 
 `` i did not mention it earlier , sirantha , because you were worried enough . 
 but when i was using the workstation , i could not find an exit not linked to the underground . 
 this place is completely secure . '' 
 well , shit . 
 our ride off world is already in orbit . 
 we have to get to the shuttle within twenty-four hours . 
 if we take the underground back to the city , that 's eight hours gone . 
 then how do we get back out here ? 
 we have no ground transport , and the ithtorians do n't travel on the surface , because of the hazardous conditions . 
 `` they have to get fresh air in here somehow , '' march says . 
 it 's a little disconcerting to hear his voice coming out of a bug head . 
 no wonder he thought he was dreaming when i opened his cell . 
 `` that was my first thought as well , '' vel answers . 
 `` but according to the schematics , they use fissures too small for humans-or ithtorians to pass through . '' 
 `` so what do we do ? '' 
 vel seems none too certain , hesitating before he speaks . 
 `` my scans are not entirely accurate with so much rock around us , you must understand ... but they indicate there is an abandoned area in the mines . 
 there may be holes once used for structural supports , which have since been relocated . 
 i can not determine whether these shafts go all the way to the surface , but they offer the only outlets not connected to the underground . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` so let 's go . '' 
 he 's not telling us everything , but standing around here will just get us caught . 
 without further conversation , he leads across the platform and into the mines . 
 the metal sheeting bangs underfoot . 
 as during our last foray , the workers do n't pay us any attention . 
 some of them operate heavy machinery in the large caverns . 
 others use hand units to take samples . 
 starry ore glitters in wheeled tubs . 
 we pass a few other guards , but they do n't speak . 
 they also roam the place in twos and threes , so our number does n't attract any attention . 
 eventually , we come to a rusty old locked door . 
 march and i stand watch while vel gets it open . 
 on the other side , vel says , `` from here , it does not matter if we speak . 
 there are no miners and no guards over here . '' 
 `` do we know what lies ahead ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` there was no data regarding this area in the archives , but i note a number of large life signs ahead of us . 
 they may be hostile . '' 
 `` then i 'm taking this off . '' 
 march pulls off his bug head . 
 `` i ca n't fight this way . '' 
 i agree with that , so we take a moment to pull off our suits . 
 mary , i smell rank . 
 vel sprinkles them with dry acid chemburner and in short order , they 're reduced to dust . 
 he 's amazing at leaving no trace of where he 's been or what he 's done there . 
 i love that gift now , since he 's no longer using it to hunt me . 
 `` you got a shockstick in there for me ? '' 
 i ask vel . 
 in answer , he hands me one , and i power it up . 
 we have n't come this far to be stopped by a few cave beasts . 
 march accepts a shockstick and a knife . 
 he can probably use both at the same time-stun and stab . 
 `` this way to the first shaft . '' 
 the bounty hunter leads . 
 march falls in behind him , and i bring up the rear . 
 it occurs to me we finally have the time for me to ask some questions . 
 `` vel ... i 've been meaning to ask you . 
 this chip you implanted in me , it 's experimental , is n't it ? '' 
 the bounty hunter casts a glance over one shoulder . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 `` because it governs more than just speech . '' 
 i explain how it helped me understand body language as well . 
 `` wait a minute . '' 
 march stops walking , his hands curling into fists . 
 `` you put something inside her that has n't been fully tested ? '' 
 `` not by any formal authority , '' vel admits . 
 `` but my own research indicated i have perfected the prototype . '' 
 for a long moment , march stares at him . 
 `` if it was anyone else , i 'd end you . 
 do n't screw around with her safety , you understand me ? '' 
 he touches my throat with care and delicacy . 
 `` it 's bad enough you put your mark on her to cover something i did . '' 
 `` so you realize you hurt her . 
 then perhaps it is you who should not ` screw around ' with her safety . '' 
 vel starts walking without waiting for a response . 
 march lunges as if he 's going to start something , and i snag his arm . 
 `` we ca n't fight down here . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 in the distance , i hear something rumbling . 
 it sounds big and angry . 
 `` that 's our obstacle . 
 not each other . '' 
 he follows in furious strides , but he 's not angry with vel or me . 
 the connections i restored also include their share of guilt . 
 the bitter with the sweet , as hit said . 
 in the darkness , i can hear the monsters gathering . 
 grunts and muted roars echo through the empty mine shafts . 
 are they talking about us , trying to figure out what we are ? 
 i assume they 've smelled ithtorians before . 
 i wonder what they eat down here , if there 's a complex ecosystem underground , driven off the surface by nuclear winter . 
 it stands to reason that there would be . 
 so maybe all the creatures are n't dangerous . 
 bearing out this possibility , something flutters past my face , but it does n't bite or sting . 
 i shudder , my breath sticking in my throat . 
 the little thing comes back . 
 flutter , flutter , flutter . 
 i 'm afraid to ask vel to shine the light on me . 
 `` are you feeling this ? '' 
 i ask , low . 
 not webs . 
 i know the sticky horror of that all too well . 
 more like ... wings ? 
 the bounty hunter swings around . 
 `` a deraphid , though i have never seen one of such size before , and the wingspan is extraordinary . '' 
 he extends a claw , and the insect leaves its inspection of my cheek to light on his fingertips . 
 `` remarkable . '' 
 once i control my instinctive terror , even i can see the thing is harmless . 
 it has no weapons , no stingers , nothing that could pierce the skin . 
 with its smooth , sleek body and translucent wings shining green-gold , it 's almost beautiful . 
 `` how does it survive down here ? '' 
 `` it must eat parasites from other creatures and perhaps mold and fungus . '' 
 mmm , tasty . 
 vel flicks his fingers gently , and the deraphid goes about its business . 
 reassured that everything down here does n't want to eat us , we head toward the shaft . 
 that reassurance does n't last long with the growling in the distance . 
 i can hear movement nearby . 
 i try to focus on march and vel . 
 my heartbeat thunders in my ears . 
 it seems i always face my private devils underground , fighting not to relive the sargasso crash . 
 instead of charred metal and meat , i have solid stone . 
 the black walls sparkle with untapped ore . 
 with vel in the lead , i can only follow , and hope that the beasts i hear all around us are n't as close as they sound . 
 maybe the dark and the echoes have disoriented me . 
 unfortunately , they are as close as they sound . 
 the thing lurches out of a side passage , a monstrosity of white fur and slavering fangs . 
 it stands twice as tall as me , and probably five times my weight . 
 the roar echoes off the rock walls , paralyzing me . 
 i stare up at its hideous , eyeless face , and shudder . 
 this creature could unhinge its jaw and swallow me whole . 
 thankfully , vel does n't have the same response . 
 he goes for the thing 's hamstring , assuming it has one . 
 march dives low on the other side , and they slice in unison as the monster makes a grab for me . 
 i hit the ground , diving between its legs . 
 the creature screams in pain . 
 shit , it 's going to fall on me . 
 i scramble back as it goes down and wind up half-wedged beneath its massive shoulder . 
 it 's not dead , just wounded and furious . 
 it turns its head and snaps at me . 
 the fangs graze my shoulder , sending pain ripping down my arm . 
 blood trickles from the wound . 
 the horror of being trapped beneath a dying thing nearly shorts out my brain . 
 it 's all i can do not to lose my mind and scream until my voice is gone , but before they kill it or get it off me , i take the easy way and pass out . 
 i come to myself later-how much later , i do n't know . 
 march cradles me against his chest . 
 the stink of monstrous blood is all over me , but apparently that 's a good thing because the other cave creatures leave us alone . 
 in fact , they whimper as we pass by . 
 `` most intriguing , '' vel remarks . 
 `` they have acknowledged us as superior predators , and they mourn the passing of one of their own . '' 
 march looks thoughtful in the light thrown from the torch-tube . 
 `` that suggests a certain level of sentience . '' 
 call me crazy . 
 i 'm not that interested in the thinking skills of the things . 
 i just want out of here before i give in to the panic clamoring through me . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i manage . 
 `` you can put me down now . '' 
 march smiles . 
 `` i know i can . 
 i just do n't want to . 
 i like holding you . '' 
 his voice drops . 
 `` i did n't think i ever would again . '' 
 huh . 
 well , i could argue with that , but ... why ? 
 i nestle close to him . 
 later , we 're going to have a serious talk about his opinion of me . 
 we walk for a long while . 
 in the dark , i have no way to measure the time . 
 finally , we reach the first shaft . 
 `` this is it , '' vel says , gazing up . 
 it 's a reverse pit , no hint of light to give us hope it might go all the way up . 
 march sets me on my feet . 
 `` somebody needs to scope it out , make sure it does n't shrink suddenly so that all three of us will get stuck up there . '' 
 `` it is narrow , '' vel agrees . 
 i try to make myself sound braver than i feel . 
 `` that 's my cue . 
 i 'm the smallest . '' 
 this is no different than rock climbing , i tell myself . 
 except that it 's small , pitch black , and i do n't know what the hell is up there . 
 `` if you have a rope , i 'll take it up with me and secure it so you guys can follow when i find a good place . '' 
 they wo n't be able to climb as i do , using hands and feet to scramble up . 
 they 're just too big . 
 their shoulders will just barely clear the shaft . 
 `` i do n't want you doing this , '' march says . 
 `` we 'll keep walking . '' 
 `` like hell . 
 i want out of here . '' 
 without waiting for more protests , i take the cord from vel and loop it around my waist . 
 `` wish me luck . '' 
 instead , march snatches me close , despite my stench , and kisses me hard on the mouth . 
 `` be careful . 
 i love you , jax , and we have a lot of lost time to make up for . '' 
 tears prickle at my eyes . 
 `` damn right . 
 i wo n't be long . '' 
 i hope . 
 chapter 52 going up that shaft is hell . 
 it 's a good thing i 've been taking my injections because i need every flicker of strength to keep scrambling upward . 
 dark looms above and below me . 
 i have a torch-tube in my pocket , but i do n't dare get it out . 
 the yellow-green glimmer might draw attention i do n't want . 
 i 'm pretty sure i 've climbed high enough to hurt myself severely if i fall . 
 i do n't think about that . 
 my hands are raw , and it feels like the soles of my shoes have given way as well . 
 i do n't know how far i 've climbed , but i can no longer hear march beneath me . 
 in the beginning , i could hear his soft words of reassurance . 
 now it 's me and the rock and the dark . 
 the weight of it feels like my tomb . 
 to my vast relief , the shaft has n't narrowed . 
 i think it must have been drilled because it seems to be a uniform width all the way up . 
 i just do n't know where it ends . 
 i keep climbing . 
 it seems like an eternity . 
 the last time i was alone in the dark like this , i yielded to blind panic . 
 doc had to talk me through it , but that ca n't happen now . 
 march and vel , the two people i care about most in the world , are down there , counting on me . 
 they ca n't come up this way . 
 if i do n't reach the top , we die in darkness . 
 scrapes dot my palms from the constant abrasion against the rock , and though they sprayed liquid skin on the punctures at my shoulder , i can feel the bond slipping . 
 my wound will be bleeding soon . 
 mary grant the smell does n't lure something to me . 
 this is easier if i close my eyes and just focus on heaving myself upward . 
 i can pretend it 's not dark , that i 'm not weary and losing faith . 
 my arms and legs are tired , trembling in my muscles . 
 i can do this . 
 i must do this . 
 desperation drives me on . 
 i stop and rest twice in as many minutes . 
 you ca n't imagine what it 's like to try to catch your breath , bent double , with only the strength of your thighs keeping you from falling to a hideous death . 
 at this point , it 's more stubbornness than strength driving me on . 
 i promised myself i 'd get him out of here . 
 so i keep climbing . 
 my muscles strain with exertion , and my mouth is dry . 
 i can feel my lips cracking , but i do n't have anything to soothe them . 
 the dust feels like it 's ingrained in my skin . 
 at last i feel a cooler breeze on my face , which means i have to be getting close . 
 i redouble my efforts , inching my way upward . 
 my hands scrabble at the stone above me until i feel what seems like a ledge . 
 with the last burst of my energy i push upward and out onto a stone lip . 
 the shaft has joined a cavern , i think , which i confirm by cracking a torch-tube , the only one i have . 
 for obvious reasons , i did n't want to carry extra weight when i went up . 
 finally , a break . 
 there 's an outcropping of stalagmites nearby , which tells me this is a natural cave . 
 i tie the rope around one of them , three sturdy knots , and tug until i 'm sure it will bear their weight . 
 then i drop it down the shaft and hope it 's long enough . 
 i do n't think they 'll hear me if i shout , and even so , i 'm not sure i want to risk attracting anything else to my position . 
 i have no idea what lives here . 
 i could drop my light to get their attention if the rope does n't do it , but i do n't want to wait in the dark . 
 relief crashes through me when someone tugs twice on the cord . 
 they 've got it . 
 in the sickly , citrine light , i watch the rope go taut . 
 that means somebody 's climbing . 
 i sit there , weak and trembling , until i glimpse march , about ten meters down . 
 though i 'd like to help him , i do n't have the strength to pull him up , so i just stay out of his way . 
 i marvel that he 's able to do this after twenty-four hours of abuse and privation . 
 he 's so damn strong it amazes me . 
 `` thank mary , '' he breathes when he sees me sitting there . 
 `` that was the longest hour of my life . '' 
 is that all ? 
 the time seemed much longer to me , somehow . 
 march comes to me on his hands and knees , shaky with relief . 
 and , despite his filth and my smell , we curl together like interlocking puzzle pieces . 
 listening to his heart there in the greasy light thrown by the torch-tube is the closest to heaven i 'll ever be . 
 vel comes up faster . 
 he 's in better shape than me , and he has n't been beaten like march . 
 i 'm almost ready to move by the time he unties the rope . 
 `` good work , sirantha . 
 let me scan the area and see where we are . '' 
 the bounty hunter goes to work . 
 i do n't know how long it is-i 'm content where i am-until he says , `` this way . 
 these caverns parallel the surface . '' 
 `` did you find an exit ? '' 
 `` more or less . '' 
 vel starts walking , just as eager to be gone from here as we are . 
 `` i found a fissure i can widen with a laser . '' 
 then we walk . 
 i 'm so exhausted now that i can hardly think . 
 i just follow vel and march , one foot in front of the other . 
 i 've lost track of how deep into our twenty-four hours we are . 
 mary , i hope nothing has happened to dina and hit . 
 they have to be waiting for us . 
 after an interminable hike , we come to the end of the natural caverns . 
 beyond lies the mountain wall , but vel simply walks over to a tiny crack , pours some kind of reagent on it , then whips out a cutting laser . 
 the area fills with smoke and dust , making it hard to breathe . 
 i cover my mouth and nose , but it does n't help a lot . 
 march digs through the infamous bounty-hunter pack to find us some water , if nothing else . 
 we ca n't eat with so many foreign particles in the air . 
 i sip through the cloth mask , grateful for small comforts . 
 the bounty hunter works tirelessly , crawling deeper and deeper into the fissure to work . 
 just when i think i ca n't stand it anymore , vel beckons us . 
 `` we must crawl out . 
 i am afraid to risk a wider cut , lest i destabilize the mountain and cause an avalanche . '' 
 yeah , we certainly do n't want to wind up buried in rock and snow . 
 that 's not how my story ends . 
 `` thanks , vel . '' 
 i 'd kiss him , but i 'm too tired . 
 `` you did great , all the way . '' 
 march agrees . 
 `` i 'd have said it was impossible to get out of here . 
 i guess that means you two did the impossible . '' 
 i go first . 
 it 's a tiny crevice that sparks my claustrophobia . 
 at first i have a hard time making myself go deeper . 
 in here , i can hardly breathe . 
 the rock scrapes my sides , so i ca n't imagine how it is for march and vel . 
 they might have to squirm through on their sides or bellies . 
 thinking about them distracts me , but as it gets colder , i realize i 'm almost there , so i crawl faster . 
 we emerge on an icy mountainside in the middle of a blizzard . 
 the shock of the cold steals my breath , and my lashes immediately freeze over , going spiky with ice . 
 as quickly as possible , we don some thermal gear and set up our signal for dina and hit . 
 it would have been smart to put it on before we came out , but the channel vel cut simply was n't wide enough to permit extra centimeters . 
 in fact , the bounty hunter had to shove his pack before him . 
 despite the all-weather gear , my teeth start to chatter . 
 i 've been pushed to my physical limits , and i do n't know how much more i can take . 
 i 've gone somewhere beyond exhaustion . 
 everything seems strange and distant . 
 as we wait , march wraps his arms around me . 
 `` we 're going to be fine , '' he whispers . 
 `` you did it . 
 we made it out in time . '' 
 i can only guess whether we did . 
 for all i know , we might be abandoned , marooned on this icy mountainside . 
 despair plucks at me with icy fingers . 
 countless minutes pass while we huddle together for warmth . 
 there 's no shelter to be had , unless we go back inside . 
 if we do that , we admit failure-that they 're not coming . 
 at last , just as i 'm about to lose hope , lights appear in the snowstorm , just down the slope from us . 
 i start to run . 
 we did it . 
 they 're here . 
 march is safe . 
 dina and hit hug us tight as they pull us into the shuttle , but they do n't waste time with questions , though the mechanic levels a look on march that promises she 'll kick his ass for him later . 
 there will be a time for talking , affectionate ass-kickings , and joyful reunions . 
 it 's not while we remain on ithiss-tor . 
 hit immediately starts the systems check that will take us out of the atmosphere . 
 `` hold on , '' she says softly . 
 `` there are gon na be some bumps as we go . '' 
 `` let me trick out the readings . '' 
 dina taps away at the panel . 
 `` okay , we 're good . 
 strap in , you three . '' 
 we comply , vel and march on either side of me . 
 as the thrusters burn , i can hear the hiss of melting snow . 
 the shuttle slides hard starboard as hit takes it up , the wind buffeting us all the way . 
 i 've never been more conscious of how thin a skiff can be . 
 then the sky opens up to us , a white tornado bleeding gray at the edges . 
 we pierce the heart of it , the dreamy landscape receding beneath us . 
 `` you know they may never let you come back , '' i tell vel quietly . 
 he lifts his shoulders . 
 yes , i know , he says without a word . 
 i accept exile if it comes to that . 
 but maybe it wo n't come . 
 after today , i believe in miracles . 
 i take march 's hand in mine , glorying in the fact that i can . 
 my euphoria lasts only until we 've reached the ship out in orbit . 
 there 's talk of a party , but i do n't have the energy . 
 instead , i stagger to my quarters , wanting a shower , but i find a message from chancellor tarn waiting for me instead . 
 with a sigh , i play it . 
 `` you did well , sirantha , better than anyone could have asked , but i am afraid it was not enough . '' 
 i sink into a chair , shaking with dread . 
 march curls his hands over my shoulders , watching with me in silence . 
 i remember how he said we needed to be out there , marshaling our forces , not wallowing in diplomatic bullshit . 
 mary , i do n't want him to fight another war . 
 tarn continues , `` our worst fear has come to pass . 
 though i do not know who supplied the intelligence , the morgut know the ithtorians no longer have a powerful fleet . 
 to prove their strength , they have attacked an installation shockingly close to new terra . 
 we need all hands - '' the satellites give up at this point , leaving me wondering what 's next . 
 one thing 's sure , though . 
 the war has begun . 
