 chapter one rick steele tipped the bottle of beer to his lips and scanned his surroundings . 
 the famous club at the castillo hotel and resort packed in both the celebrities and current `` in '' crowd , and tonight was no exception . 
 the tri-level dance floor already held a rowdy group , baring more flesh than glittery clothes and grinding away with new dirty dancing . 
 the music pounded and both male and female entertainers hung suspended in glass cages , revving up the masses as they rocked and rolled in g-strings . 
 he bit back a groan and wondered what the hell he was doing there . 
 his long shift was over , and he craved some downtime . 
 instead , he 'd let his boss talk him into a one-night stand for the evening on the pretense the whole experience would be good for him . 
 shaking his head , he glanced at his watch again . 
 he 'd had a bitch of a day . 
 dealing cards called to his soul , but a bunch of sore losers and drunks had remained at his table to torture him . 
 now he waited in the trendiest club in vegas for a woman he 'd never met and tried to ignore his throbbing head . 
 he curbed his impatience and took another sip of beer . 
 ever since leaving atlantic city for a change of scene , he 'd been grateful . 
 vegas satisfied his sense of adventure and hard play and the past year proved he 'd made the right decision . 
 after the breakup with his fiancee , his old friend and owner of the castillo hotels , jackson castillo , urged him to start new . 
 he 'd met jackson years ago at a mutual friend 's bachelor party , and they 'd indulged in a drunken fest that rivaled the hangover . 
 they had emerged close friends and kept in touch . 
 jackson kept bugging him to deal in vegas and work for his hotel . 
 rick always refused , until he 'd walked in on his fiancee giving his groomsman a blowjob . 
 he moved to vegas the next week . 
 though it was difficult leaving his brothers , jackson had been right . 
 as always . 
 he rented a beautiful apartment , made good money , and had endless women stretched out before him in one glorious chorus line . 
 he 'd moved past his heartbreak and unleashed his single status on a number of very willing participants . 
 so why am i unhappy ? 
 he pushed the annoying thought away and tried to get a grip . 
 okay , so it had been months since he 'd last taken a woman to bed . 
 his choice . 
 hell , he 'd thought jackson would applaud his selectiveness instead of urging him to accept a date through madame evangeline 's 1night stand dating service . 
 of course , it did n't help that jackson met his own wife through the famous , yet mysterious , madame . 
 and when madame eve actually requested rick to meet this particular woman , well , jackson declared the whole coincidence a sign . 
 rick decided his friend would n't shut up until he agreed , so he 'd bitten the proverbial bullet and given in . 
 his lips twisted in mock humor as he set the empty bottle down on the glass table . 
 he wondered briefly why anyone would hand select him to meet any woman , let alone this tara denton-who 'd apparently been through a brutal past according to the report eve sent-and needed a tender hand . 
 he liked to keep his distance from women . 
 get in and get out with his soul and heart intact . 
 a little respect , a lot of pleasure , and no boundaries crossed . 
 of course , that 's another reason he 'd taken a break . 
 easier to wake up alone than face the empty feeling of meeting a woman 's sleepy gaze and realize she 'd never be the one . 
 or even the one for another evening . 
 his phone vibrated in his pocket . 
 muttering under his breath , he fished it out and read the flashing text . 
 bonsoir , rick . 
 are you ready for your adventure ? 
 his fingers paused on the keys . 
 a slither of unease skated down his spine . 
 his gut screamed once he agreed , his life would never be the same . 
 ridiculous . 
 he typed his answer with the ease of an expert and sealed his fate . 
 good evening , madame eve . 
 i shall put myself in your capable hands . 
 a smiley face popped up on the blackberry screen . 
 wonderful . 
 your date is in the blue room awaiting your arrival . 
 right corner table . 
 the screen went blank . 
 he shook his head at the enigmatic conversation and headed past the bar . 
 the pulsing hip hop music dimmed as he made his way through a large tunnel of elaborate glass where an impressive number of gold statues were displayed in different forms of eroticism . 
 he took a hard left , and entered the blue room . 
 aptly named , the quieter lounge area spilled an eerie blue light , reminding him of the blue grotto in capri . 
 the room shimmered from the floor to the ceiling with stunning crushed turquoise crystals embedded in every surface . 
 a large aquarium tank took up one wall , displaying exotic fish in all sizes and colors , sea turtles , and stingrays . 
 the sensual sounds of a flute and trickling water spilled from the background speakers a few feet down from the main club , and gave the impression of another reality . 
 the room was soundproofed to close out the loud dance music and invoke a different experience . 
 the exotic atmosphere impressed him every time he entered the themed room , even in vegas . 
 he let his eyes adjust to the change of light and focused on the far right corner . 
 she sat with her legs crossed , neatly tucked under the glass table . 
 a pink frothy drink rested in front of her , and she fiddled with the paper umbrella . 
 obviously nervous , she did n't look up , and he grabbed the moment to study her . 
 god , her body was killer . 
 the plain photo tucked into the report madame eve provided did n't do her justice . 
 he estimated she barely topped five foot , even with the three inch heels she wore . 
 she 'd obviously gone all out for their meeting , evident in the sequined silver top clinging to lush br ** sts , and the short black skirt she kept yanking down , revealing a good few inches of rounded thigh . 
 she sported the perfect hour glass figure that always pushed his lust buttons , but never seemed fashionable for women nowadays . 
 her hair was jammed up in some sort of elaborate design , and she wore a ton of makeup . 
 in a few seconds , he summed up one of her problems immediately-she was a gorgeous woman who did n't know it . 
 she seemed uncomfortable in her flashy clothes , makeup , and heels . 
 he bet she 'd be ready to flee within minutes if he did n't walk over and close the deal . 
 he waited one beat . 
 two . 
 she lifted her head . 
 a strange longing rose up and caught him in a chokehold . 
 her eyes widened as they locked with his . 
 the anxious worry he glimpsed deep in their depths caused a protectiveness to surge from within . 
 his second thought centered on what she would look like when he thrust deep inside her and brought her to orgasm . 
 he hardened instantly . 
 son of a bitch . 
 it was going to end up being an interesting night after all . 
 he held her stare for a moment longer . 
 then strode over to the table . 
 *** tara stirred her cotton candy drink for the fifth time and glanced at her watch . 
 he was late . 
 he was n't coming . 
 sheer relief surged through her . 
 thank god she could escape to her room . 
 yes , a one-night stand sounded like a wonderful idea when she 'd discovered madame eve 's service . 
 but sitting in a trendy vegas bar , waiting for a man she intended to sleep with , completely freaked her out . 
 she did n't do things like that . 
 hell , she could n't remember the last time she had on heels and makeup , let alone knew how to flirt or go to bed with a man . 
 she 'd tried though . 
 no reason to blame herself . 
 in moments , she 'd rip off the hellish clothes and be in her comfy pjs under the covers . 
 alone . 
 she reached over to grab her purse then did one last sweep of the room . 
 a man towered in the entrance with an authoritative power that shot tingles down her spine . 
 like a deer caught in the headlights , she sensed a predator and stilled . 
 please do n't let this be my date . 
 he met her gaze head on . 
 oh , god . 
 he looked like thor . 
 her eyes widened . 
 he easily stood over six feet , with massive shoulders and muscled arms that seemed able to rip a tree out of the ground . 
 thick white-blond hair tumbled over his brow , a little long and shaggy around the edges . 
 his face was a contradiction of hard and soft with a strong jaw , slashing cheekbones , and full lips . 
 black pants and a silk button down shirt only accented his power . 
 energy shimmered around him and pumped up the room . 
 there probably was n't a female within miles who did n't bend to his unconscious male will . 
 the group by the bar halted their conversation to stare . 
 her heart stopped-then pounded against her chest in something close to a panic attack . 
 it was him . 
 why did he look so different in his picture ? 
 there was no way she 'd spend a night with him . 
 he 'd tear her apart . 
 she reached down and gripped the edge of the table . 
 breathe . 
 she 'd talk to him for a few minutes , explain she changed her mind , and walk away . 
 who cared if he was literally sex-on-a-stick ? 
 no way would she sleep with someone more attractive than her . 
 with her fat ass and scars , she needed someone to ease her into the experience , someone with gentleness and compassion . 
 not thor , who 'd burn up her panties in seconds and have her running in terror for the door . 
 her ex had ruined her for normal sex . 
 she 'd be lucky to get through the experience without flinching , and no way did she want to embarrass herself with this man . 
 he walked over . 
 she cleared her throat and forced herself to appear calm . 
 `` tara denton ? '' 
 his question was more of a command . 
 she had no spit left when she opened her mouth to answer , and managed only a squeak . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` good . 
 i 'm rick steele . '' 
 his green-gold eyes gentled as he pulled back a stool and took a seat . 
 `` do n't you like your drink ? 
 i 'd be happy to get you another . '' 
 she looked down at her barely touched concoction and shook her head . 
 `` this is fine , thank you . '' 
 she took a large sip and swallowed , as if proving her point . 
 the sweetness was a bit cloying on her tongue , but the vodka burned hot down her throat . 
 since she rarely drank , she fought a cough , determined to act cool . 
 the slight curl of his lip told her she 'd failed . 
 he signaled the waiter over and ordered a beer . 
 she forced her gaze upward , away from the large fingers inches from her own . 
 fingers that looked talented . 
 her cheeks heated at the sudden image of his hands gripping her h * ps as he thrust inside of her . 
 she took a deep breath and discreetly wiped her damp palms on her skirt . 
 `` well , mr. steele - '' `` rick . '' 
 another quirk of amusement curved his lip . 
 `` i think we should at least be on a first name basis , do n't you ? '' 
 his drawl reminded her of smoke , sex , and sweat . 
 she folded and refolded the cocktail napkin so she did n't pick her fingers and ruin her new manicure . 
 `` oh , yes , of course . 
 well , i just wanted to let you know it will be perfectly acceptable if you 'd like to cancel . 
 i 'm not sure if you saw my photo or read my requirements , but i understand if you decide to leave after our drinks . '' 
 he took a long pull of his beer , then pushed away from the table and studied her with interest . 
 `` you do n't like me ? '' 
 she sputtered with embarrassment . 
 `` god , no ! 
 i mean , you seem fine . 
 you 're attractive , and i 'm sure you 're experienced . 
 but this is new to me . 
 i just do n't think i 'm the type you expected for this , for a. ... '' `` one-night stand ? '' 
 `` yes , that 's right . '' 
 she nodded again and cleared her throat . 
 `` please do n't feel bad . 
 i appreciate you meeting me . '' 
 one brow shot up . 
 `` that 's quite polite of you . 
 but unnecessary . '' 
 a wolfish grin transformed his face . 
 a rush of sexual heat squeezed through her blood and settled between her thighs in an ache . 
 `` you see , i 'm just counting the minutes until i get you into bed . '' 
 the breath whooshed out of her lungs . 
 she blinked in confusion . 
 had she heard him correctly ? 
 no , he seemed to be staring at her with an open sort of ... hunger . 
 nerves and arousal mingled and fought for dominance . 
 she took another gulp of her drink then looked him squarely in the eye . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 the sound drifted across her ears in a caress , and her tummy dipped . 
 she squirmed on the narrow seat . 
 what 's happening to me ? 
 her body revved like a race car ready to shoot from the starting gate . 
 she 'd specifically requested a gentle , unassuming man who could slowly introduce her again to the art of lovemaking . 
 how long had it been since she 'd desired a man ? 
 most of the time she needed to force herself out of the physical deep freeze with her vibrator . 
 with her ex , sex followed a beating , so she 'd learned not to anticipate it . 
 men usually caused a fear within her that drained away any lingering passion . 
 but not rick steele . 
 hell , he 'd probably command her body and soul if he got the chance . 
 his dominant personality leaked from his every pore . 
 why on earth would this type of man ever be attracted to me ? 
 she waited with curiosity for his response . 
 `` i think the question is more like why would n't i ? 
 you have a figure to die for , and in a matter of two minutes , you 've made me laugh . 
 let 's just say i 'm dying to find out how many shades of blue your eyes will turn when i thrust between your thighs . '' 
 hot color flooded her face . 
 she shook her head and steeled herself to face the truth . 
 maybe madame eve had n't told him . 
 damn it , she 'd thought the man meeting her would know a bit about her past and what he 'd walked into . 
 she gritted her teeth and lifted her chin in pride . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but you must not have heard . 
 i do n't ... i do n't have a good body . 
 something happened to me and i have several deep scars that are quite ... well , ugly . 
 the man i met tonight was supposed to know that . '' 
 his tawny eyes turned ice cold and his voice lashed like a whip across tender flesh . 
 `` i know about your scars . 
 i will not allow you to call them ugly again in my presence . 
 scars are the evidence of survival and life . 
 now , i 'd suggest we continue this conversation in my suite . '' 
 he dropped a few bills on the table , stood and offered his hand . 
 seconds ticked by . 
 she swallowed around the lump in her throat . 
 her gut screamed in warning . 
 the moment she touched him , she 'd lose all control over the date , and be led down a path frost would term ` the road less traveled . ' 
 she placed her hand in his and allowed him to lead her out . 
 chapter two the door clicked shut behind them . 
 rick stepped back and let her gain her bearings . 
 jackson had set him up with the luxury suite for agreeing to meet tara , and the opulence stunned most newcomers . 
 he watched with amusement as she tried not to let her eyes pop out of her head . 
 her gaze swept over the rich burgundy carpeting , expensive watercolors , and 14-carat gold trim on the walls . 
 the living area showcased a series of plush cream sofas with plump pillows , a large wet bar , and a private balcony that overlooked the entire skyline of vegas . 
 the tables were burnished mahogany and held endless vases of exotic blooms , their scent curling into the air in sensual abandon . 
 through the hallway , the bedroom beckoned . 
 the oversized king bed , covered with a spread of rich silvers and gold , sat so high he 'd need to lift her up . 
 the image of her stretched nak * d on it teased him mercilessly . 
 he imagined milky skin and gorgeous strawberry blonde hair fanned out on the pillow , her aqua blue eyes begging him to take her . 
 his opinion of madame eve took a positive turn . 
 bored for months by an endless parade of women , tara intrigued him within minutes of speaking . 
 she was a mixture of prickle and heat , both shy and direct . 
 her discomfort about her body challenged him to change her mind . 
 he never backed down from a challenge . 
 even now , her teeth reached for her lower lip and nibbled with worry . 
 she picked at the edge of her nail with a rhythm that warned him she thought of running and desperately searched for a polite way to disappear . 
 he tamped down a chuckle and made his way to the bar . 
 `` white wine ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` pinot ? '' 
 when she nodded gratefully , he uncorked a fresh bottle and poured a glass . 
 her spike heels sank into the plush carpet as she took in the view from the balcony . 
 thousands of bright lights twinkled and flashed across the night sky , resembling exotic stars . 
 but , the view of vegas was nothing compared to his view of her ass . 
 the lush curves made his fingers itch to touch and stroke , to sink his teeth into the sensitive flesh and take a bite . 
 his c * ck hardened and he battled for control . 
 he brought her the glass of wine and hid a grin when she grabbed it gratefully . 
 she took a sip and then a deep breath . 
 he waited . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 damn , she 's cute . 
 he loved her natural fluster and how she barreled right through her own barriers . 
 the woman had great courage , especially if her past was accurate . 
 he lowered his voice to a sexy murmur . 
 `` what do you want to do ? '' 
 she stepped back and caught herself . 
 `` umm , well , i guess we get undressed , right ? 
 would you mind dimming the lights ? 
 or do you just want me to wait under the covers for you ? '' 
 she was n't joking . 
 anger took hold and shook him deeply , but he did n't reveal the emotion on his face . 
 what a ** hole taught her sex was dirty ? 
 or that she was n't worth any more than a quick screw in the dark ? 
 madame eve 's report told him of her scars , and her self-consciousness , but not how she 'd received them . 
 had another man beat her ? 
 he 'd f ** king kill him . 
 `` stay here a minute . '' 
 he turned on his heel and marched into the bedroom . 
 yanking open the closet , he took out one of his white shirts then returned to the living room . 
 `` honey , can i ask you to do a few things for me ? '' 
 he gentled his voice to put her at ease . 
 after a moment , she nodded . 
 `` i 'd like you to put this shirt on , take your hair down and remove all your makeup . '' 
 he reached out and caressed her cheek . 
 `` please . '' 
 she stared at the fabric . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he smiled at her confusion . 
 `` because i want to see your face and i want you to be comfortable . '' 
 he waited patiently while she digested his request . 
 `` now ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she walked to the bathroom . 
 in a matter of minutes , she came out and stood in front of him . 
 `` better ? '' 
 his heart stopped . 
 gorgeous . 
 heavy waves of strawberry blonde strands fell over her shoulders and tumbled in abandon . 
 her skin glowed , freshly scrubbed of all makeup , and showed off a generous smattering of freckles across her nose . 
 her skin was creamy white and smooth . 
 he resisted the urge to taste her with his tongue and see if her flavor was as sweet . 
 her plump lips were a pale pink . 
 but her body ... his shirt swallowed her up , and he caught the barest shadow of n ** ples poking at the fabric . 
 the hem fell past her knees , and showed off muscled calves and pretty cotton candy painted toes . 
 `` oh , yeah , much better , '' he growled . 
 `` turn around ? '' 
 her face reddened , but she turned slowly in a circle to please him . 
 her natural manner to give struck him . 
 she obviously liked to bestow pleasure , and probably had that gift exploited to such an extent it frightened her . 
 as she pivoted , the line of her purple panties showed through the shirt , the full cheeks of her ass begging for his fingers . 
 she was n't ready yet . 
 he needed to relax her first . 
 `` do you know how beautiful you are ? '' 
 disbelief shimmered in her eyes . 
 `` thank you , but - '' he closed the distance between them . 
 she gasped as he grabbed her hand and laid it on his straining erection . 
 `` this is what you do to me . 
 from the moment i laid eyes on you i wanted you . 
 by the end of the night , you 're going to believe it , sweetheart . 
 make no mistake . '' 
 she shook hard and power surged through him . 
 he wanted to make her scream with delight , to cry his name as she orgasmed until she could n't remember the last time another man ever laid a hand on her . 
 possessiveness was not a natural part of him , but he did n't fight the urge . 
 instead , he embraced the basic male tendency to hunt . 
 conquer . 
 claim . 
 her soft hand paused then gently stroked him . 
 he groaned , and she looked up in surprise . 
 bolder , she squeezed around the fabric of his pants and followed the ridge from base to tip . 
 he held perfectly still and allowed her to explore . 
 she took a step closer , until the tips of her br ** sts pressed against his chest . 
 he fisted his hands to keep from touching her . 
 her arms came up to hold his shoulders , her sweet breath rushing over his lips as she arched on her tiptoes . 
 then pressed her lips to his . 
 the tentative kiss rocked his world . 
 her lips were soft and sweet . 
 he allowed her to explore the line of his mouth , gaining confidence , until the tip of her tongue slowly pushed between the seam of his lips . 
 with a low growl , he opened for her , desperately trying to hold back his instinct to throw her on the bed and dive between her legs . 
 her tongue swept in and swirled around his in a teasing battle . 
 he slid his hands down , grabbed her lush rear , and lifted her against him . 
 she made a little mewling noise , but he swallowed it and claimed her mouth the way he craved . 
 he drank deep , drowning in her taste as the scent of strawberries and flowers swam in his head . 
 within seconds , she slumped against him and surrendered , letting him drink his fill as her fingers thrust into his hair and held his head still for her own demands . 
 slowly , he eased back and looked down at her face . 
 her lips were swollen and wet . 
 aqua eyes held a dazed sheen as she stared back at him . 
 `` oh , my , '' she whispered . 
 `` that was so ... good . '' 
 he laughed at her open response . 
 `` believe me now ? 
 i want to throw you on that bed and get you nak * d. touch and taste every part of your body . 
 then make you come so hard the only thing you can scream is my name . 
 get it ? '' 
 she nodded , unable to speak . 
 `` but i do n't want to scare you . 
 you specifically requested a man who 's gentle and non-threatening . 
 i have some dominant tendencies , but i would never hurt you . 
 in fact , i 'd like to tear apart the motherfucker who wrecked you for sex and caused you pain . '' 
 he watched her face carefully . 
 there . 
 a glimmer of arousal and need . 
 she definitely had submissive tendencies , which he enjoyed in the bedroom . 
 she responded to a commanding attitude but had been seriously scared off by that type of man . 
 it was time to show her what she 'd been missing with the right partner . 
 and he had all night . 
 `` i have to ask you a question . 
 it will help me if you tell the truth . 
 did your last boyfriend cause your scars ? 
 did he hurt you ? '' 
 the muscles in her body tightened as if to ward off a blow . 
 he watched her fingers curl into fists . 
 seconds ticked by , and she stuck her chin out in the air with sheer determination . 
 `` yes . 
 and because of him , i do n't think i 'm going to be good at this . '' 
 misery etched her face . 
 `` i want to . 
 but he made me scared of ... '' he battled his instinct to find the gutless coward and make him pay . 
 instead , he forced back the rage and concentrated on her . 
 `` thank you for telling me . 
 and you are going to be good at this . 
 i 'm asking you to trust me . 
 let go of your control and let me take care of you . 
 i want to show you everything you 've been missing . 
 the moment you tell me to stop , i swear to god i 'll take my hands off you . 
 ` stop ' is the word when you panic , tara . 
 okay ? '' 
 she chewed on her lip . 
 indecision flickered over her face , but she seemed tempted . 
 he waited with all the patience and calm in the world , knowing she had to trust her gut . 
 `` yes . '' 
 excitement shimmered in blue depths . 
 triumph surged through him . 
 he took her hand and led her into the bedroom . 
 she stopped before the huge bed and swallowed back her instinct to yell stop right then . 
 her senses swam with the overload of visual and physical indulgence . 
 the luxurious suite closed around her with a pull to follow her baser urges . 
 the huge mirror mounted on the ceiling both fascinated and terrified her . 
 her body hummed as his fingers intertwined with hers in a firm grip she could n't break . 
 sweat broke over her as she fought the memory of another time , when she had given her trust and found everything turned against her . 
 but for some reason , she trusted him . 
 there was a core of gentleness within his control that spoke to her and promised no pain . 
 since she had signed up for a one-night experience , she 'd push herself to the limits . 
 she needed healing , and maybe the man holding her hand would be the one to finally give it to her . 
 `` lie on the bed , sweetheart . '' 
 humiliation washed over her . 
 he 'd look at her under the bright lights . 
 his body was perfect and hers was completely damaged . 
 can i do this in front of practically a stranger ? 
 he must have sensed her nervousness and dropped a soft kiss on her lips . 
 `` turn off your thoughts and do what i say . 
 i 'll dim the lights . '' 
 his voice raked across her ears in a low , hypnotic tone . 
 she swallowed then obediently climbed onto the high platform bed , laying her head on one of the stuffed pillows . 
 tugging the hem of the shirt down as far as it would stretch , she waited for his next command . 
 amusement gleamed in his eyes . 
 `` you look like you 're awaiting an execution rather than my touch . '' 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' she said . 
 `` i told you i 'm not good at this . '' 
 `` no more speaking . 
 the only word i 'll listen to from now on is ` stop . ' '' 
 as if on cue , a rush of heat sizzled down to her p ** sy . 
 her n ** ples strained against the cotton of his shirt in direct response to his take charge attitude . 
 he nodded as if pleased . 
 then he stripped . 
 the black silk shirt slid down his arms and hit the floor . 
 his bare chest was carved and covered with golden brown hair . 
 a thin line snaked down his tight abdomen and disappeared into the waistband of his pants . 
 she held her breath as he paused at his belt . 
 with quick , economic motions , he undid the buckle , slid down the zipper , and shed the material . 
 he stood in a pair of black briefs that did nothing to hide an impressive erection . 
 instead of fear , she bit back a moan at the idea of having that length tight inside of her . 
 a vibrator just could n't compare to the experience of a man 's body , and it had been so long ... his thumbs hooked into his underwear and her heart galloped like a pack of racing thoroughbreds . 
 then he revealed himself . 
 she sucked in a breath . 
 sheer , raw power beat from him in waves . 
 he stalked over to the bed and stood proudly before her . 
 his wolfish grin told her he liked her gaze on his c * ck and a drop of liquid essence gleamed from the smooth tip . 
 a surge of feminine satisfaction washed through her . 
 she gripped the silk fabric of the sheets and struggled to process the knowledge that he desired her . 
 he placed one knee on the edge of the bed and leaned over her . 
 she caught the scent of soap , musk and man . 
 blond strands framed his face as he bent forward , accenting the hard lines of his cheeks and jaw . 
 carved lips paused an inch from hers . 
 `` now it 's your turn . '' 
 he began unbuttoning the shirt . 
 she closed her eyes , dreading the moment of truth when he saw her nak * d , exposed . 
 how often had her boyfriend called her ugly and maimed ? 
 not worthy of his sexual attention ? 
 `` look at me , tara . '' 
 her eyes flew open at his commanding tone . 
 `` gaze on me the whole time . '' 
 she obeyed , helpless to break away . 
 he undid each button with deliberate slowness , then raised her to guide the fabric over her shoulders . 
 her bra and panties were the only barriers left between them . 
 his gaze lingered on the scars-cigarette burns on her shoulders and br ** sts-the wicked knife cut across her ribs-the ugly , gouged pockmarks on the tops of her thighs . 
 as he looked at her , she imagined her reflection in the mirror , the same one she saw every day , but she did n't hide from him . 
 after a while , he lifted his head . 
 her breath caught . 
 no revulsion , no shrinking away . 
 instead , he stroked each nasty mark with gentle fingers . 
 `` if i ever catch him , i 'll kill him . '' 
 his dark words shocked her system like a thrill ride , but she waited for his erection to wither away from the raw evidence of violence . 
 waited for him to pity her and turn away . 
 as if he read her thoughts , his hard length pressed against her in demand . 
 blistering male desire gleamed from his eyes . 
 she shook under his intense stare , her body hot and needy , and the sudden realization took root deep in her soul . 
 he still wants me . 
 with one quick action , he unclasped her bra and removed the straps . 
 `` fuck , you 're gorgeous . '' 
 his fingers traced the curve of her br ** sts and lingered on the tight tips begging for his touch . 
 he followed one blemish down the valley of her cl ** vage then lowered his head . 
 his tongue ran over her skin , wet and hot . 
 her body jumped like an electrical current , and she arched upward as he licked his way around her br ** sts . 
 sensations raked over her and took merciless hold . 
 a whimper escaped her lips . 
 he palmed and plumped both br ** sts , then his lips closed around one rigid bud . 
 she cried out his name . 
 the delicious sensation of her nipple rolled around between soft lips , wet tongue and sharp teeth all came together in a mingle of delight . 
 he murmured encouragement as her mind fogged and refused to work , before giving up to the demands of her body . 
 finally , he lifted his head and looked down . 
 her swollen flesh begged for more of his attention . 
 `` beautiful , '' he whispered . 
 `` look how responsive you are . 
 how sensitive . 
 your body was meant for a man 's hands . 
 i ca n't wait to see if you taste like strawberries . '' 
 her h * ps arched in demand . 
 `` rick ? '' 
 he laughed low . 
 `` no talking '' he pinched her nipple lightly . 
 hot currents sizzled down to settle between her thighs . 
 his thumbs flicked the peaks back and forth while his mouth moved downward to kiss her belly . 
 dipped into her belly button . 
 nibbled teasingly along the line of her panties , pulling at the edge of the elastic with his teeth . 
 each time the fabric snapped back , she tightened with anticipation , but he ignored her unconscious pleas and busied himself elsewhere . 
 he pressed a kiss to the nasty wound on her inner thigh . 
 used his tongue to sample the crease between her hip and thigh , while his hands moved from her br ** sts to cup her ass . 
 through the barrier of fabric , he settled his open mouth on her core . 
 took a deep breath-and blew . 
 she shot up and cried his name . 
 his moist breath teased her pounding clit . 
 he pushed her back on the bed and took the top of her panties between his teeth . 
 inch by inch , he pulled them down . 
 cool air hit her exposed folds . 
 the intense contrast of hot and cold wracked her with raw sensations . 
 oh , god , when was the last time a man had his mouth on me ? 
 the vulnerability of her position struck her-he had her fully under his control . 
 she stiffened as her mind flashed an array of images . 
 pain . 
 humiliation . 
 betrayal . 
 `` tara . '' 
 the sound of his voice snapped her away from the memories . 
 his command brooked no argument as he looked up from between her spread thighs . 
 `` eyes on me . '' 
 his voice told her not to think , dominated every part of her soul , until she could n't fight him , and she slipped firmly back into the present . 
 then he lowered his head . 
 his wet tongue parted her swollen cleft and dived in . 
 her p ** sy throbbed under him while he licked and tasted her juices . 
 his thumbs parted her wider , exposing her , and she slid into surrender , glorying at her erotic abandon . 
 the mirror on the ceiling showed his head buried between her splayed thighs , while his thumbs flicked her n ** ples . 
 she cried out and twisted against the bed , drowning in the delight of watching him command her response and push her toward orgasm . 
 so close , she reached hard and desperately , but release eluded her . 
 `` please ! '' 
 she shuddered , , panting , as his tongue traced circles around her sex and his fingers rubbed and stroked . 
 the exquisite tension tightened every muscle until she thought she 'd die of the delight . 
 `` tell me what you want me to do , sweetheart . 
 tell me . '' 
 `` help me ! 
 please help me ... '' `` here you go , baby . '' 
 his mouth sucked on her nub as his fingers plunged inside of her . 
 she came hard , screaming as convulsions shook her over and over . 
 he milked her orgasm and drew it out , until she shattered . 
 the sheer intensity of her cli ** x overwhelmed her . 
 spent , she melted into the mattress . 
 sudden tears ran down her face . 
 he whispered her name and slid up her length . 
 he kissed her tears away and held her tight . 
 his muscled arms cocooned her in a secure warmth she never experienced ; a promise of shelter from pain and heartbreak . 
 who is this man ? 
 how had he snuck past the barrier she 'd erected in order to protect her heart and soul ? 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she snuggled closer as his legs entwined with hers . 
 his steady heartbeat thundered against her ear . 
 a low chuckle stirred in her hair . 
 `` sweetheart , you have no clue how much i loved watching you orgasm . 
 thank you for trusting me to take you there . '' 
 she stiffened . 
 i never got him off . 
 guilt assuaged her , and she broke his comforting grip , flipping over . 
 the gorgeous lines of perfect , carved chest muscles greeted her , and she dipped her head , kissing her way down . 
 his breath hissed in surprise as she tried to make up for her selfishness . 
 she ran her hands down his thighs and gripped him between her palms . 
 `` christ , tara . '' 
 she opened her mouth and took him inside . 
 his musky taste assaulted her senses . 
 what had begun as a job turned to a desire for more , as her tongue swirled around the tip and she sucked him deep into her mouth . 
 he let out a curse then dragged her back up . 
 dread curled in her tummy as he forced her to settle against him . 
 his ragged breathing cut through the air . 
 disappointment squeezed her heart . 
 she had n't done it right . 
 he 'd looked pleased , but her ex had consistently told her he 'd gotten better bl * w j * bs from a doll than her . 
 `` dammit to hell , stop thinking ! '' 
 she jerked back . 
 he lowered his voice and spoke through gritted teeth . 
 `` i almost lost it with the first lick of your tongue . 
 but that 's not what i 'm looking for . 
 i 'm not ready to get off until i 'm buried inside you , making you mine . 
 understand ? 
 now get that dickwad out of your head and come back to me . '' 
 her mouth hinged open like a guppy . 
 how did he know what she 'd been thinking ? 
 how did he know her so well , after just an hour ? 
 and why in the world would he want her to be his ? 
 need beckoned and tempted like satan offering the apple to eve . 
 to belong completely to a man again without fear . 
 to give of herself without worry of being hurt . 
 what a gift . 
 but one she promised herself she 'd never receive again . 
 the truth struck hard . 
 no matter how much satisfaction rick steele gave her , no matter how well he read her thoughts , she 'd disappear in the morning . 
 she would never belong to another man again . 
 only herself . 
 the night was about breaking down her walls and fear of sex . 
 she refused to spend the rest of her life cowering from a man 's touch . 
 he 'd already shown her the best orgasm of her life . 
 by dawn , hopefully , she 'd be more whole and able to walk away with a full body and heart . 
 alone . 
 he kissed her . 
 his tongue swept in and took over , possessing every hidden nook and cranny until she dug her nails into his muscled shoulders and hung on . 
 when he finally lifted his head , his eyes blazed with demand . 
 `` sex is n't about tit for tat . 
 next time you take my c * ck in your mouth , make sure it 's because you 're dying to taste me . 
 not because you owe me an orgasm . 
 got it ? '' 
 his directness reignited the ache between her legs . 
 she forced the word past her lips . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you want more ? '' 
 lust speared her belly . 
 her n ** ples rose and tightened even further . 
 his hand flicked one swollen peak and she shuddered . 
 `` i 'll take that as a yes . 
 let 's just make sure . '' 
 his fingers slid down and delved into her heat . 
 she bucked under the sizzle of fire tearing through her center . 
 he laughed . 
 `` oh , yeah , that 's the spot . '' 
 he added another finger as he worked his way in and out , setting a teasing rhythm . 
 her over stimulated cl * t throbbed and burned from the attention . 
 in seconds , she neared orgasm again , completely swept up in his voice and tongue and fingers . 
 he reared up , grabbed the condom packet from the bedside drawer , and sheathed himself . 
 his hands encircled her ankles and thrust her legs wide apart . 
 again , her gaze snuck up to the mirror . 
 her p ** sy lay open and vulnerable to his every whim . 
 her swollen lips gleamed with wetness as she stared at her reflection . 
 his huge , throbbing length lay right at her entrance , poised to push forward . 
 she wanted him , ached , and then the memory surfaced ... a different face flashed before her , his expression twisted with rage . 
 ugliness . 
 he pushed inside her , over and over , while she tried to lie still and bury the pain , her mind screaming the same word again and again ... no ... `` no , stop ! '' 
 the words broke from her throat and she panted , trying to push the ugliness away . 
 `` look at me , tara . 
 now . '' 
 she turned away from the mirror . 
 golden eyes met hers , glittered and seared with heat . 
 his hands gripped her ankles , but his touch was gentle . 
 he kept still as he waited for her to calm and direct him . 
 `` i would never hurt you . 
 say it . '' 
 she reined back sobs and shuddered out a breath . 
 `` you will never hurt me . '' 
 `` that 's right baby . 
 do you still want me to stop ? '' 
 she relaxed , inch by inch . 
 rick would never hurt her . 
 the last of the memory leaked away and left her body open , empty , needing him to fill her . 
 `` more . 
 i want more . '' 
 his hands stroked her inner thighs . 
 his c * ck pushed one inch into her p ** sy . 
 she moaned , past the fear , only craving the bliss he offered . 
 another inch . 
 the tip buried into her wet heat . 
 her channel tightened and begged for more . 
 one more inch . 
 another . 
 then ... `` ahhhhh ! '' 
 she cried out as he buried himself to the hilt . 
 his massive length and width filled her until there was nothing else left but him . 
 she clutched his shoulders , digging her nails into solid muscle as she struggled with the invasion . 
 the breath whooshed out of her lungs . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 he asked between gritted teeth . 
 `` god , you feel like heaven . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she lifted her h * ps upward . 
 `` more . '' 
 `` here we go , baby . 
 hold on tight . '' 
 he pulled completely out and surged back . 
 the demanding pace wiped every thought out of her mind but giving him everything he asked . 
 again and again he drove deep inside . 
 her sex squeezed him and her cl * t pounded in demand . 
 the tension tightened and every muscle in her body screamed for release . 
 still , he kept her at the edge , not allowing her to fall over , but demanded she surrender to each thrust until she had nothing left to hold back . 
 something shattered deep within her and broke free . 
 she arched and cried his name . 
 `` come for me , baby . 
 now ! '' 
 he pinched her cl * t and drove his c * ck inside one final time . 
 she shattered . 
 her p ** sy milked every inch of him as she convulsed , and he followed her over with a hoarse shout . 
 no tears ran down her face . 
 she succumbed to the delicious fall into a cloak of warmth and safety , and finally surrendered to the darkness . 
 chapter three rick smoothed back the strands of strawberry blonde hair from her face and watched her sleep . 
 the physical and emotional release had pushed her right into slumber , and he enjoyed the soft expression on her face when her mind shut off and there were no more barriers . 
 in a few short hours , tara denton had wrecked his world . 
 he 'd never been with a woman who gave him such an honest , open surrender . 
 sure , he liked to play , and enjoyed dom/sub fun in the bedroom with willing partners . 
 but he 'd never felt so connected to another woman through physical intimacy . 
 not since rebecca . 
 her name skittered across his memory , but without the usual sharp pang . 
 her betrayal cost him big time . 
 he 'd stopped trusting and believing his partners , even in the bedroom , and that was a dangerous combination . 
 trust was implicit in a good relationship and he used to pride himself on his ability to sniff out a liar a mile away . 
 he lost confidence in his own abilities , like tara lost her trust . 
 a wry grin crossed his lips . 
 they made quite a pair . 
 he studied the scars marking her body . 
 rage simmered , but he clobbered it back , knowing the emotion useless . 
 amazing how she imagined herself to be ugly . 
 she awed him with her strength . 
 she endured , fought back , and survived . 
 each wound was a testament to her soul , and he appreciated every damn one , like a soldier overseas battling in a war . 
 her eyes flew open . 
 he watched her thoughts flicker across her face as she realized where she was . 
 he enjoyed the easy way she blushed , which was a total contradiction from her open response in the bedroom . 
 the way she screamed as she came made him hard all over again . 
 `` hungry ? '' 
 she sat up , propped on the pillows , and peered at the plates of food on the bed . 
 `` starved . 
 are we having a picnic ? '' 
 he smeared some creamy goat cheese on a cracker and fed it to her . 
 she moaned at the taste , and right then , he was ready to rock and roll . 
 `` just building up your energy for the rest of the night . '' 
 a flicker of lust danced from her eyes . 
 yes , she was aroused at the idea of more play . 
 he grinned and handed her a chilled glass of pinot grigio . 
 `` so , why do n't you tell me about yourself ? '' 
 she gave a hearty laugh . 
 the pleasant sound caressed his ears with delight . 
 `` you probably read everything in madame eve 's report . 
 there 's not much else to tell . '' 
 the dry facts of the sheets given to all 1night stand participants barely scratched the surface . 
 the black and white text told him her physical attributes , what she required in a one-night stand , and that she withstood a violent encounter she may or may not share with him . 
 he craved so much more . 
 he wanted everything . 
 of course , he 'd scare the crap out of her so he kept his tone light . 
 `` oh , i do n't know . 
 the report did n't tell me how much you liked me to suck on your cl * t before thrusting my fingers inside you . 
 it did n't tell me your eyes are a thousand shades of blue and reveal every emotion , or that your br ** sts spill so perfectly in my hands . '' 
 she blushed . 
 `` okay , you win . 
 what do you want to know ? '' 
 evidently , she guarded her secrets well . 
 `` what do you do for work ? '' 
 her muscles relaxed and she nibbled on some salted almonds . 
 `` i work for the local battered women 's shelter part time . 
 they do n't have the funds to pay very well , so i supplement with a bookkeeping job . 
 jackson castillo gave me a shot at his hotel , and now i 'm working on my degree in accounting . '' 
 the pride in her voice warmed his heart . 
 son of a bitch ! 
 so jackson knew tara personally all this time . 
 how odd the man went along with madame eve 's request . 
 he figured jackson would 've kept his buddy far away from his employees . 
 `` i bet you 're very good with numbers , '' he said . 
 `` numbers you can control . 
 if you work hard enough , everything fits into place , with no surprises . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 bingo . 
 his little accountant needed a place in her life where she felt empowered . 
 he bet she 'd squeeze out every dime of profit for castillo resorts and admired jackson for seeing the potential in her . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i never thought about it like that , '' she murmured . 
 `` i was always really good in math and numbers . '' 
 her voice drifted off as if she fought the memory of her past and she shook her head . 
 he wrestled with his instinct to push . 
 god , he wanted to know every thought and every hurdle she 'd gone through . 
 `` did you graduate high school ? '' 
 he asked gently . 
 she smiled . 
 `` oh , yes , with high honors . 
 i loved school . 
 i just never got to college because tim would n't let me . '' 
 a dark cloud passed over him . 
 `` the one who hurt you ? '' 
 she seemed to struggle with her decision to share . 
 emotions shifted across her face , replaced with determination . 
 she raised her gaze to his and looked him straight in the eye . 
 `` i do n't like to talk about him much , but i 'd like to tell you the story . 
 if you want to hear it . '' 
 he grabbed her hand . 
 then squeezed . 
 `` yes , baby . 
 i do want to hear it . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` i met him senior year in high school . 
 at first he was the perfect boyfriend . 
 sweet , protective , caring . 
 he took care of me . 
 my father had taken off when i was young , and my mom was n't really around . '' 
 she crinkled her nose in distaste . 
 `` she had a series of boyfriends i liked to avoid , and i had no rules . 
 no curfew , no need to show up at school . 
 but i wanted to go to college , have a career , and be independent . 
 i thought that 's what he wanted , too . '' 
 he waited patiently as she paused . 
 `` things began to change . 
 he got controlling . 
 angry . 
 hated my friends , and refused to let me talk to other boys . 
 he said he needed me to concentrate on him . 
 his father beat him , so tim moved out and wanted me to live with him . 
 i agreed , thinking i could go to the local community college and we 'd support one another . '' 
 she swallowed . 
 `` i do n't know when i realized he changed . 
 he flew into rages over things i did . 
 i started getting nervous all the time , trying to do everything right . 
 the first time he hit me , i was so shocked , but he cried and swore he 'd kill himself if i left . '' 
 rick nodded with encouragement . 
 he noticed she slipped into telling mode , her voice monotone . 
 `` i stayed . 
 he began to beat me . 
 my mother did n't want me anymore since she was shacked up with her new boyfriend . 
 i had no money , and tim controlled everything in my life . 
 i kept missing classes from the bruises , so i dropped out of college . '' 
 `` how long did you stay with him ? '' 
 `` three years . 
 two months . 
 five days . '' 
 `` how did you get away , sweetheart ? '' 
 she shuddered . 
 `` i collected change . 
 loose dollar bills when i knew he 'd been drinking . 
 i stashed the money in one of the tiles in the ceiling until i had enough . 
 he always told me he 'd kill me if i ever left . 
 and i believed him . 
 i had to be careful who i involved myself with because i did n't want anyone else to get hurt . 
 `` he worked at an auto shop days . 
 he kept a close eye on me and i was n't allowed to leave the house when he worked his shift . 
 but that day i did . '' 
 she shut her eyes . 
 he wondered what horrors she watched behind her closed lids , and his gut wrenched . 
 `` i cut off all my hair . 
 put on a knit cap and tim 's clothes . 
 had a cab take me to the bus station . 
 and i bought a ticket to the next town . 
 and the next . 
 and the next . '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` you just kept traveling ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i traveled for two days straight to throw him off . 
 i walked into the first church i saw and begged to be sent to the nearest women 's shelter . 
 this was back in california . 
 i had a different name , but i 'm not that person any longer . 
 tara denton would never stay with a man who raised his hand . 
 she 's successful and making her own way . 
 and she 'll never be caught again . '' 
 her last words shot at him like cannon fire . 
 son-of-a-bitch . 
 she has no plans to extend a relationship past tonight . 
 a strange panic coursed through him at the idea of letting her walk away . 
 but her intentions had always been clear . 
 only his had changed . 
 suddenly , he wanted much more than a one-night stand . 
 `` do you live in vegas now ? '' 
 he stroked her hair . 
 `` yes . 
 i knew i 'd have a new start here . 
 get lost . 
 find my own way . '' 
 a glimmer of a smile ghosted her lips . 
 `` i like the idea of a tarnished city being my home . 
 i can paint myself up with makeup and glitter and clothes , but in the light of day , i always felt lacking . 
 tim used that to keep me a prisoner . '' 
 `` but not anymore . '' 
 pride and admiration cut though him . 
 `` not ever again . 
 now , i can give back . 
 i stopped being afraid he 'd find me . 
 therapy helped . 
 but i still wonder ... '' `` wonder what ? '' 
 she looked embarrassed , almost shy . 
 `` how a man like you could want me . '' 
 her admission rocked him . 
 `` a man like me ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 beautiful . 
 there must have been a dozen women staring at you in the bar and wondering why you were taking me home . '' 
 anger sizzled so hot he wanted to beat his chest like a caveman and howl at the moon in frustration . 
 he never thought twice about how women viewed him and felt damn lucky when a female wanted him back . 
 but evidently she saw things differently . 
 her sense of feminine confidence had taken such a pounding , she did n't see what he did . 
 words would n't help . 
 rarely did . 
 but action would . 
 he studied her and wondered how hard he 'd be able to push without causing her any painful memories . 
 as a naturally dominant lover , he decided to trust his gut , and watch her carefully . 
 lust speared right to his c * ck as he envisioned the scene laid out in his mind . 
 `` tara , did you like watching us in the mirror ? '' 
 the change of topic surprised her . 
 she flushed , but he gave her credit-she did n't lie . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he forced her chin up when she tried to bow her head . 
 `` do n't ever be afraid to say what you want or what turns you on . 
 i loved how you snuck glances at the mirror and watched your body respond to mine . 
 do you know what my first thought was when i saw you sitting at the table ? '' 
 she shook her head in obvious misery . 
 `` i could n't wait to f ** k you . '' 
 disbelief shimmered over her face . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` really . 
 i wanted to rip off that bra and suck on your n ** ples . 
 i could n't wait to see the look in your eyes when you came . 
 and when you got up , all i could think of was getting my hands on your ass . 
 in fact , i think that part of your anatomy has been sorely ignored tonight . 
 let 's change that now . '' 
 panic flared in misty blue depths . 
 `` no . '' 
 he arched a brow . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` i have more scars on my back . '' 
 her words were soft . 
 `` then i 'd say they need my loving attention . '' 
 he plucked the wine glass from her fingers and put it on the bedside table along with the plates of snacks . 
 `` lie on your stomach , baby . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he gazed back at her with implacable demand . 
 `` do you want to please me tonight ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` then i 'm asking you to trust me . '' 
 he would n't have blamed her for refusing . 
 instead , after a few moments , she slowly turned around and laid down on the bed . 
 her hands cushioned her head . 
 her breath came out in ragged gasps as she fought the sheer vulnerability of being nak * d with her secrets exposed . 
 a deep joy and satisfaction speared his gut as he stared at the woman before him . 
 her pleasure came from submitting to her mate , no matter how scared she was . 
 he swore she 'd never regret giving him the chance to show her how precious she was . 
 her gift to him was priceless . 
 he took in the brutal wounds scattered over her back and ass . 
 `` what are these , sweetheart ? '' 
 he pointed to the perfect circles marring her upper back . 
 `` cigarettes . '' 
 `` and these ? '' 
 his fingers lightly traced the line of her spine and settled on the permanent welts on her buttocks . 
 `` a whip . 
 sometimes a belt . '' 
 he winced at the thought of the pain she endured under the a ** hole 's hands , but made his assessment as quickly and clinically as possible . 
 if possible , her scars made him want her more , to replace the horror with memories of bliss . 
 `` he was a sick bastard , tara . 
 but no one will ever hurt you again . 
 close your eyes and relax . 
 enjoy my touch . '' 
 he moved his hands to her shoulders and began a slow massage . 
 the stiff muscles under his fingers refused to yield , but after a few minutes , her body loosened . 
 her breath evened out , and her muscles relaxed with his touch . 
 he spent a long time working her shoulders and upper back , enjoying the firm , white skin , and could n't help slip to the side to caress her ripe br ** sts . 
 she uttered a low moan and arched upward to give him access . 
 he slid his hands underneath and gently plucked at her n ** ples , circling his thumbs around the rigid peaks . 
 with a final pinch , he returned to his main task . 
 he worked the indents along her spine and watched goose bumps pepper her flesh . 
 when her body was completely under his control , he concentrated on the swell of her buttocks . 
 he massaged the lush curves and kneed her legs apart , squeezing her inner thighs as he continued without pause . 
 her musky scent greeted his nostrils . 
 he grinned at the swollen cleft , her juices gleaming in the light . 
 damn , she was a responsive little thing . 
 his c * ck grew to full length and pulsed with demand . 
 `` you 're already wet for me , baby . 
 since you ca n't see yourself , i 'll tell you what i see . 
 a beautiful pink p ** sy , just begging for my fingers or my tongue . 
 your cl * t is hard but not enough . 
 we can do better than that . '' 
 she wiggled on the bed and he laughed low at her reaction to the verbal play . 
 `` but i really wish you could see this gorgeous ass of yours . 
 all flushed and trembling . 
 arched high in the air , ready for my cock . 
 but we have a long way to go . '' 
 he separated the globes and blew his hot breath on the sensitive rosette between her cheeks . 
 she bucked , but he held her down with a gentle firmness that told her she had no reason to run . 
 he lowered his mouth and ran his tongue down the line of her ass , nibbling on the high curves as her arousal and the scent of strawberries mixed in the air . 
 he opened her up wide and slid one finger across her slit . 
 her juices greeted him and he murmured his approval . 
 he settled his mouth over the plump , right cheek . 
 then sank his teeth into the quivering flesh as he plunged two digits into her channel . 
 she bucked and screamed . 
 the orgasm took her hard and by surprise and he rubbed her cl * t back and forth , forcing her cli ** x to extend for long , long moments . 
 his erection throbbed with demand , and he quickly sheathed himself with a condom , rose up , and pushed his c * ck into her wet , tight heat . 
 he massaged her ass , pinching gently then moved up to play with her br ** sts . 
 she trembled , not able to see where his fingers would touch her next , and satisfaction ripped through him . 
 he drove in and out with a steady pace , and flicked the nub as it hardened and swelled again , poised for another orgasm . 
 `` this is what you do to me , baby , '' he said . 
 `` you 're beautiful inside and out , scars and all . 
 my c * ck loves your juicy p ** sy , all tight and welcoming . '' 
 `` please , rick ! '' 
 he laughed as she arched her ass toward him , silently begging . 
 `` not yet . 
 you 're not getting off again until i 'm positive you believe me . '' 
 sobs broke from her throat as he pulled out and flipped her over with one quick movement . 
 he pushed up her knees and spread her legs wide . 
 `` look up , '' he commanded , then reunited them in a single thrust . 
 her dazed gaze rose to the mirror , the reflection of their nak * d , joined bodies in vivid detail . 
 her inner muscles immediately clenched . 
 yes , she enjoyed watching them . 
 he made a note to play more with her visual senses . 
 he plumped her br ** sts and lowered his mouth to suck her n ** ples , tweaking the tips until they stood out , ruby red and glistening . 
 `` this is all for me , '' he said , pointing to the mirror at her swollen peaks . 
 then he rose up and claimed her . 
 she cried out . 
 he imagined the picture they made in the mirror as he varied short and hard thrusts until he found her g-spot . 
 with a wicked grin , he pulled completely out and teased her cl * t with his finger , rubbing in tight circles , over and over . 
 `` i ca n't take anymore ! 
 please , oh , please . '' 
 `` your body is beautiful . 
 do you believe me now ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` say it . '' 
 `` my body is beautiful ! '' 
 he drove in deep and hit her g-spot again . 
 `` ahh ! '' 
 she screamed and her body convulsed around him . 
 he kept up the pace and wrung every last ounce of pleasure from her then let himself go . 
 his cli ** x shattered him . 
 the release started from his toes and shuddered out of every pore . 
 her name broke from his lips , and he tucked her tight into his chest and held her . 
 *** the first weak ray of light struggled through the break in the blinds , reminding her that morning threatened . 
 she pushed the thought away , and snuggled closer to her lover . 
 her body ached , but she relished her sore muscles . 
 she 'd never been so delightfully used . 
 rick steele shattered every illusion she ever believed . 
 her limitations with sex . 
 the fear of her appearance . 
 the confidence in her sexuality . 
 and about getting caught by another man . 
 unease stirred her heart . 
 she 'd never felt more treasured or loved in her entire life . 
 the way he touched her , spoke , and gave her satisfaction unlike anything she 'd ever experienced before . 
 would she ever find another man in her life to match him ? 
 `` what are you thinking about ? '' 
 his low voice pulled her back into the moment . 
 she smiled up at him , loving the golden arch of his brows , the rough slope to his jaw . 
 she traced the curve of his lower lip and he bit down on the pad of her finger , his tongue darting out to taste . 
 her breath caught as her p ** sy clenched . 
 he laughed , as if he knew . 
 `` why on earth would you ever need to book a one-night stand ? '' 
 she caressed the stubble of his beard , loving the scratchiness against her fingers . 
 `` i 'm sure women are begging you to take them on a daily basis . '' 
 he laughed again and pressed a quick kiss on her lips . 
 `` thanks , sweetheart . 
 what a nice compliment . '' 
 `` no , tell me . 
 why did you do this ? '' 
 the humor eased , and she caught a glimpse of vulnerability shimmering in his green eyes . 
 `` i have n't been with a woman in a long time . '' 
 her mouth popped open . 
 `` get out . '' 
 a ghost of a smile settled on his lips . 
 `` no , truth . 
 i have n't been with a woman for ten months now . 
 my choice . '' 
 she absorbed his perfect nak * d form . 
 the man was a sex god and he 'd been celibate for almost a year ? 
 her mind whirled . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i used to live in atlantic city . 
 that 's where my family is from-i have two younger brothers , well , really four . 
 mom took in two of my best friends so i consider them my brothers also . 
 anyway , we all followed my father and make our living as dealers in casinos . 
 first , my dad made us get a college degree before we were allowed to go to dealer school . 
 in college , i met a girl , rebecca , and we were together the whole four years . 
 on graduation day , i asked her to marry me . '' 
 jealousy pierced her heart . 
 she hated the idea of another woman being claimed by him . 
 she locked the messy emotion away and concentrated on his story . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` we began planning a wedding . 
 moved in together . 
 then i came home from work early one day and found her in bed with one of my groomsman . '' 
 he gave a humorless laugh . 
 `` talk about a cliche all the way around , huh ? 
 at least he was n't the best man . '' 
 horror filled her eyes as she imagined the scene . 
 the betrayal he must have struggled with . 
 already in one night , she realized he gave his heart and soul without holding back . 
 he 'd demand the same of his partner . 
 a dozen condolences skittered through her mind . 
 `` bitch , '' she muttered . 
 his laugh held genuine humor . 
 `` yeah , that about says it . 
 needless to say , things got pretty ugly . 
 after a few months , i realized i could n't handle living there any longer . 
 i needed a change . 
 jackson castillo invited me out to vegas , offered me a job , and i have n't looked back . '' 
 `` that does n't explain why you stopped hav ** g s * x. '' he shrugged . 
 `` when i first settled in vegas , i went a bit crazy . 
 dated a lot , experimented with different women . 
 then my need fizzled out , and i only felt empty when i woke up in the morning . 
 so , i took a break and concentrated on other stuff for a while . 
 my hand has been my new best friend this past year . '' 
 he waggled his eyebrow in a bad groucho marx imitation . 
 she giggled . 
 `` sounds like my vibrator . 
 it almost caught on fire these past few months and broke from overuse . '' 
 they laughed together . 
 she stroked his chest , enjoying his crisp hair against her palm . 
 `` do you still miss her ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not anymore . '' 
 suddenly , his gaze locked on hers , glittering with a fierce intensity . 
 `` i miss this . '' 
 joy broke through her at his words . 
 her heart pounded in confusion . 
 what was he saying ? 
 had he experienced the same strong connection she did ? 
 did he want to continue when the night was over ? 
 reality crashed around her . 
 no . 
 as much as she wanted more time with him , she had to stick to her plan . 
 work . 
 volunteer . 
 college . 
 she 'd made herself a promise to never get involved with a man until she was completely whole . 
 he 'd given her a precious gift , but she could n't risk pushing herself . 
 what if she was too fragile ? 
 what if he broke her heart ? 
 what if she became so enamored of him she gave up everything she was for a man ? 
 she was n't ready . 
 so , at dawn , though it would break her heart , she would leave him behind . 
 she pushed away the strangled grief at the idea and climbed on top of him . 
 surprise lit his eyes as she straddled his hips , her hair falling around his face to wrap him in a curtain as she kissed him . 
 she gave him everything he asked for in that kiss : her surrender , her gratitude , her desire . 
 her tongue swept in and she greedily tasted his dark , male hunger . 
 when she lifted her head , her gaze burned into his with promise . 
 `` i 'm doing this because i ca n't stand the idea of not having your c * ck in my mouth . '' 
 he tensed at her words . 
 and then she slipped down his body , cupped his balls , and sank her mouth over his hard , throbbing length . 
 he groaned . 
 cursed . 
 she took her time , enjoying the taste of his salty skin , licking to the tip and then swirling around in teasing circles . 
 his muscles locked , and her nails dug into his hard thighs . 
 finally , she opened her mouth wide and sucked , rubbing and stroking the underside of his cock , scraping her finger nails over the sensitive flesh of his balls , while her name rang like music in her ears . 
 he stiffened and grabbed her shoulders . 
 she knew he was about to explode , but she refused to move . 
 his excitement blended and melded with hers , and her juices flowed as she rubbed herself against his leg like a cat in heat , sucking harder , harder , and ... he exploded in her mouth . 
 she swallowed him as he jerked helplessly under her touch and slowly eased her mouth off of his length . 
 sheer feminine power surged through her at his response , and in that moment she finally slew all her demons . 
 `` what have you done to me ? '' 
 he groaned . 
 she laughed , and resumed licking him . 
 she stroked , rubbed , and caressed . 
 in minutes , his c * ck was hard again . 
 she fisted his powerful length , enjoying the texture of iron sheathed in silk . 
 he lifted her in one quick movement , and settled her on her hands and knees . 
 a tearing sound echoed . 
 `` rick , i , oh ! '' 
 he grasped her h * ps and entered her . 
 she moaned and pushed back into his hands as he rubbed her ass . 
 slow , delicious strokes filled her , driving her higher and higher . 
 her br ** sts hung down free , and he played with them as he thrust in and out of her . 
 the erotic abandon pumped through her body , tightening her muscles as she neared orgasm . 
 she circled her hips , searching for it , but he only laughed and kept his strokes shallow enough to tease but not get her off . 
 his hands pinched her n ** ples . 
 slid down her belly , and found the tight nub of her clit . 
 he rubbed , using her juices to coat it , and tapped hard with his fingers . 
 sharp pleasure grabbed , attacked , and threw her over . 
 she cried out his name and ecstasy shot in waves over her . 
 he came again , and collapsed on top of her in the bed , their limbs entangled . 
 her heart squeezed with a mingle of raw emotions . 
 tears pricked her eyes as she held him close and wished dawn had never come . 
 his lips traveled over her soft skin . 
 the heady scent of sex and musk and strawberries hung heavily in the air . 
 he stroked her lush br ** sts , her silky hair , the curve of her buttocks . 
 the red digits on the clock flashed with alarming rapidness . 
 he was n't ready to let her go . 
 he closed his eyes and reached for courage . 
 his one-night stand had become much more . 
 he wanted the chance to date her . 
 cook her dinner . 
 make love to her in the daytime . 
 wash her in the shower . 
 would she give him the opportunity ? 
 since rebecca , he 'd never had a soul connection to another woman like he 'd found in a single evening with tara . 
 he also knew in his gut she was different . 
 he knew by experience , his ex-fiancee had always been selfish in her core . 
 tara held the soul of a giver , and a man would be safe offering his trust . 
 so , he ripped down the last barriers of his heart and uttered the words . 
 `` stay with me . '' 
 she stiffened and sat up . 
 her curls tumbled wildly around her face . 
 blue eyes held a mixture of emotions at his words . 
 fear . 
 hope . 
 joy . 
 resolve . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` the contract specifically states by dawn we need to walk away . '' 
 `` let 's change the contract . '' 
 he reached to take her hand . 
 `` remember when we spoke about not getting caught ? 
 it 's too late for me . 
 i know it 's crazy , that we 've only been together one night . 
 but you caught me . 
 i want to see where this can lead . 
 i want to see you again . '' 
 she flinched . 
 he fought uneasiness at her reaction and waited . 
 it was time to push out of his comfort zone . 
 this woman would walk away if he did n't try and fight for her . 
 and by god , he would give it his all before he surrendered . 
 her voice broke . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 his gaze dared her to speak the truth . 
 `` why ? 
 you 're attracted to me . 
 we formed a connection last night . 
 there 's no reason not to take this further . '' 
 suddenly , he knew . 
 her eyes filled with tears as she stared at him , all the nak * d emotion and vulnerability and fear on display . 
 `` i 'm not ready . 
 what you gave me tonight ... the things you made me feel ... i do n't think another man will ever come close . 
 but i made myself a promise . 
 i 'm not ready to commit to someone else yet . 
 you gave me back my body , my mind , my freedom . 
 you changed my life . '' 
 she closed her eyes and one tear leaked down her cheek . 
 when she opened them , a hard resolve glimmered and shattered his heart . 
 `` but i 'm too afraid . 
 afraid i 'm not ready for a relationship . 
 afraid i 'm not strong enough not to stand on my own . 
 i need time . 
 i need to find my own way . '' 
 he looked at the woman before him and realized he 'd fallen in love with her . 
 she was stronger than anyone he 'd ever met . 
 sexy as hell , sweet as sugar , and not ready to give him everything . 
 emptiness poured into the spaces of his soul and threatened to stay . 
 but damn , he needed to let her go , needed to give her the time to realize what he did . 
 she had already found her own path . 
 she just needed to trust herself again . 
 if he did n't leave , he 'd overpower her . 
 make her have so many orgasms she 'd beg him to stay . 
 force her to accept they were meant to be together , and then she 'd always wonder . 
 so , he shoved his need and want to the depths of darkness and locked it tight , bent his head and kissed her . 
 her sweetness swam in his head and he breathed in her scent one last time . 
 then rose from the bed and dressed . 
 `` thank you , tara denton . '' 
 he paused at the door . 
 `` thank you for giving me the best night of my life . '' 
 he opened the door and left . 
 epilogue tara rolled her neck in circles and tried to ease the tension from her muscles . 
 she groaned and closed the journal in front of her , pushing her calculator aside . 
 between school and working more hours at the castillo resort , she had a serious case of tired eyes . 
 it may be time to invest in some reading glasses . 
 getting up from the chair , she stretched her arms overhead . 
 now , she 'd be able to afford them . 
 satisfaction thrummed through her veins . 
 her work had caught the eye of jackson castillo , and he 'd offered her a full time job , including benefits . 
 she switched to finishing her bachelor 's degree online , which saved her commuting time , and gave her the opportunity to graduate faster . 
 everything she worked for finally clicked into place . 
 she was finally happy . 
 and almost complete . 
 almost . 
 his face flickered in her vision , never far from her mind . 
 three months . 
 she dreamed of him every night , and woke up with a fierce need wracking her body . 
 how many times had she picked up the phone to call him ? 
 how many times had she walked through the casino , hoping to catch a quick glimpse of him , knowing if she did , she 'd never be able to walk away again ? 
 she refused to do that to him . 
 he was probably with a woman now . 
 she pictured him kissing her , caressing her , giving her orgasms that shimmered with ecstasy . 
 she imagined his wicked laugh , the grin on his face as he touched her , the tender way he stroked her wounds . 
 she swallowed back the pain and straightened her back . 
 it had been her decision . 
 she had needed the time to realize she was strong enough . 
 funny , she 'd finally been convinced that giving herself to another man would n't change who she was . 
 she 'd grown up , grown strong , and stood on her own two feet . 
 but now it was too late . 
 too late to let him catch her . 
 she pushed away the sadness and opened the door . 
 `` hello , tara . '' 
 she blinked . 
 then gasped as the figment of her imagination walked into her office and stood before her . 
 immediately , her body softened and trembled , the intense waves of sexual energy whipping around her . 
 god , he was gorgeous . 
 she soaked up his figure with greed . 
 his long blonde locks tumbled over his brow , framing glittering green-gold eyes . 
 he wore his usual uniform of black shirt and pants , his muscles evident under the thin fabric . 
 she remembered how he 'd lifted her that night like she weighed nothing , sprawling her over his thighs as he rocked inside of her and ... hot color flooded her cheeks . 
 his lush lower lip curved upward , as if he knew her naughty thoughts . 
 she squeezed her fingers into tight fists and fought for composure . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i wanted to congratulate you on your promotion . 
 i ran into jackson and he told me how well you were doing . 
 working full time now ? '' 
 the casual , polite conversation cut deep . 
 she breathed around the pain , and ached to touch him . 
 she dug her nails into her palms to keep still . 
 `` thank you . 
 yes , i 'm very excited about it . '' 
 `` still in school ? '' 
 he paced the small office with deliberate steps , glancing around . 
 stacks of papers in folders were piled on the desk , all neatly labeled and categorized . 
 her space was tiny , with only a desk , a few pictures on the wall , filing cabinets and a water cooler . 
 but it was comfortable and clean and she loved every inch of it . 
 she watched the tight swing of his ass as he moved then bit her lip hard to keep back a moan . 
 `` um , yes . 
 taking classes online now , which gives me more time . '' 
 `` sounds like a great plan . 
 and the shelter ? '' 
 he walked to the water cooler and grabbed a paper cup . 
 she swallowed hard and watched his lips close over the edge as he drank . 
 an image of his lips sucking her nipple blasted her concentration . 
 heat coursed through her . 
 `` huh ? 
 oh , the shelter . 
 i volunteer on weekends . '' 
 he smiled . 
 her heart sputtered . 
 `` that 's good news . 
 i 'm glad you 're doing well . '' 
 irritation prickled her nerve endings . 
 `` is that why you 're here ? 
 to check up on me ? 
 make sure i have n't fallen apart ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 i knew you 'd do fine . 
 it 's just that time is finally up . '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` what time ? '' 
 he grinned , a wicked , bad ass grin that curled her toes and promised all sorts of delights . 
 `` your three months . 
 i figured it would be long enough to convince you . '' 
 `` convince me to do what ? '' 
 `` to let me catch you , tara . '' 
 he closed the distance between them and reached for her . 
 the sizzling heat of his skin filled her up , made her dizzy , and she clung to him as he towered over her . 
 his breath hit her lips and she moaned . 
 `` i wanted to give you time to realize you 're strong enough to handle me , or any man . 
 i want to court you , make love to you , learn all your secrets . 
 i want to know your favorite color and food , the shampoo you use , and what side of the bed you prefer to sleep on at night . 
 i want to support you in every way , watch you graduate , and stand beside you while you fly . 
 and then i 'll be right there to welcome you back . 
 do you get it now ? '' 
 oh , yeah , she got it . 
 rick steele had given her a gift more priceless than diamonds . 
 time . 
 she choked on a sob and flung her arms around his neck . 
 and kissed him . 
 his taste swamped her . 
 she thrust her tongue against his , greedy for everything he had , and he held her tight as he gave it all back . 
 `` i missed you so much , '' she murmured against his lips . 
 she stroked his face , his brow , scattering kisses over him as her heart exploded . 
 `` missed you too , baby . '' 
 `` thank you for giving me what i needed . '' 
 `` welcome . 
 now let 's get out of here . '' 
 he grabbed her hand and dragged her to the door . 
 she laughed . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` we 're going to do a little catching up . 
 and i have some very wicked plans . '' 
 she followed him out the door and realized he 'd caught her heart the moment he 'd laid eyes on her in the club . 
 she gave a mental thank you to madame eve and went home with the man she loved . 
