 chapter one rafe steele gazed at his two older brothers and bit back his instinct to bolt . 
 of course , he held his ground like he protected his unit . 
 another lesson he learned from the cradle . 
 when his brothers scented weakness , they attacked accordingly . 
 `` you want me to what ? '' 
 he asked again . 
 odd how all of them seemed to belong to three different families . 
 as the oldest , rick always dominated both the conversation and the scene , and his resemblance to thor , as his sister-in-law phrased it , did n't hurt his image . 
 golden locks , tawny eyes , and a brutish build caused a person to look for his hammer . 
 of course , rafe held that comment back . 
 the last time he 'd teased rick about thor-like powers , he almost caught a black eye . 
 definitely no sense of humor there . 
 rome acted just as bad . 
 he belonged in the george clooney camp , as his second sister-in-law confided , with his buzzed prematurely gray hair , blue eyes , and a confidence and charm that made females drop their panties . 
 as one of the best dealers in vegas , rome consistently threatened rick 's command . 
 of course , since he 'd also recently fallen into the marriage entrapment , his domestic bliss softened him a bit . 
 he seemed to completely agree with his brother , and that left rafe as the focus of this intervention . 
 the other men exchanged knowing glances . 
 `` we want you to book a date through madame eve 's service , 1night stand , '' rick said . 
 rafe struggled to make sense of his words over the familiar casino noises of ringing slots , heavy drinking , and loud rivalry . 
 `` the place you both ended up meeting your wives ? '' 
 rome nodded . 
 rafe gave them a snort of laughter and ordered a shot of jack daniels . 
 `` you 're f ** king nuts . 
 both of you . 
 i have no intention or desire to get married . '' 
 rick huffed . 
 `` we 're not saying the date is going to get you married , bro . 
 yeah , we got lucky , but there 's no way even madame eve has those types of odds . 
 both of us agree you 've been a bit out of it since you moved to vegas . 
 you keep to yourself , do n't date much anymore . 
 something 's up . '' 
 he waved his brothers ' concern away and tossed back his shot in one stinging swallow . 
 surprised by their insight , he admitted he 'd been restless and agitated since moving across the us to join them in their legacy of dealing cards . 
 he 'd tried living in atlantic city when he returned back from iraq , but the local newshounds battered him on a daily basis . 
 when the women started camping out to make up ruses to bed a real-time hero , he packed up his belongings and moved on . 
 he craved a clean slate and a place where he could get back to what he loved . 
 dealing cards . 
 alone . 
 by choice . 
 his brothers thought he suffered from war stress-specifically post-traumatic stress disorder . 
 sure , he 'd experienced some wicked nightmares , but his uneasiness and secrecy had nothing to do with his military past . 
 if only they knew the truth . 
 an intriguing idea skipped through his mind with various scenarios . 
 `` so , let me get this straight . 
 i can request a one-night stand through madame eve , and she 'll find a woman to meet all my requirements ? '' 
 rick grinned . 
 `` you got it . 
 one perfect night to release your tension . 
 no worries about tomorrow . 
 any secret fantasy ready to come true . '' 
 rome elbowed him in the ribs . 
 `` why do i think you have something wicked planned ? 
 probably involving a pretty sub tied to the bed . '' 
 `` like sloane ? '' 
 rafe asked . 
 immediately , rome 's face darkened at the mention of his wife 's sex life . 
 `` back off , bro . '' 
 rafe released a shout of laughter . 
 `` priceless , man . 
 i 'm just joking around-you know i adore sloane . '' 
 but rome 's assumption that he practiced as a dom punched his gut . 
 `` umm , is my list kept a secret ? 
 how reputable is madame eve ? '' 
 rick and rome shared a glance at the mention of the esteemed woman . 
 `` we trust her completely . 
 everything you ask for is confidential . 
 even from us . '' 
 he held back a chuckle and wondered why the utterance of her name caused them both to bow their heads in respect . 
 damn , this got more interesting by the moment . 
 he 'd get his brothers off his back , have a great night of sex , and be able to act out one of his secret sexual fantasies . 
 and no one ever had to know . 
 `` you paying for it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 rick shook his head and took another swig of beer . 
 `` bastard . '' 
 `` well , are you ? '' 
 `` yeah , we 're paying for it . 
 consider this our housewarming present a few months late . '' 
 rafe grinned . 
 `` get me the papers to sign , boys . 
 i 'm ready . '' 
 *** summer preston ordered a second shot of tequila and watched the show on stage at strip it . 
 the sexy lyrics of prince 's gett off pounded through the air while the stripper gyrated her h * ps and ripped off her leather vest . 
 her nak * d br ** sts spilled out and the crowd screamed . 
 her skin glittered with silver sparkles , and she flung her whip toward her audience with a teasing flick that made them go wild . 
 summer narrowed her eyes thoughtfully on the instrument that provided both pleasure and pain . 
 hmm , would it be too much for the first night ? 
 yeah . 
 she 'd skip the whips and flogger . 
 at least for tonight . 
 she scanned the entrance . 
 excitement jumped in her belly . 
 they 'd both agreed meeting in the suite would be postponed until they decided if they were compatible . 
 she 'd heard wonderful things about madame eve and her 1night stand company . 
 over the years , her luck with finding the correct match on her own proved ... difficult . 
 most men switched from arousal to horror when they caught a glance of her leather catsuit and domineering growl . 
 pete had lunged for the door so fast he 'd literally tripped on the rug and fell face first . 
 awkward . 
 she shook her head at the memory . 
 nope , she 'd suggested meeting at the strip club first to make sure they clicked . 
 she 'd been specific in her requirements , and thought of this as her first real learning experience in the bdsm world . 
 hell , maybe the reality would n't even come close to her fantasies and she could go back to normal vanilla sex . 
 after all , her reputation and her image fed the girl next door persona . 
 her few visits to a bdsm club scared the crap out of her , and her forays into toys and certain internet sites never snagged a willing partner . 
 at least she learned the importance of safety and equipment , but never experienced her own personal sub for the night . 
 she needed to face the truth : strong , dominant males attracted her in the real world , but she craved a man 's surrender in the bedroom . 
 that combination rarely existed . 
 the possibility of experiencing such a scene for one night tempted her . 
 pricey , but worth it . 
 if he showed . 
 she tapped a scarlet red fingernail on the bar . 
 and waited . 
 rafe pushed his way into the club and took stock of the surroundings . 
 only a few months in vegas proved the city boasted the best strip clubs in the country . 
 the unique mix of class , club scene , and nak * dness pulled in record crowds . 
 the three main bars were strategically placed around the room . 
 one snaked around the perimeter of the stage , and the others huddled in dark corners , which lent to the aura of sensuality and privacy . 
 the catwalk glittered with vivid neon colors and sparkles , and flashed in time to whatever music currently played . 
 skimpily dressed waiters and waitresses balanced trays of cocktails , as they shifted around onlookers watching the trio of half-clothed women doing a mock up of the flashdance skit . 
 when water splashed the front rows , cheers rang through the air . 
 two dance floors on the second level looked over the stage , and catered to the club crowd . 
 damn , he loved vegas . 
 he headed toward the bar in the far back , where they 'd agreed to meet . 
 he 'd been impressed with her rendezvous choice , agreeing the suite was too personal for an introduction . 
 a sensual feast of visual and physical stimuli , strip it urged sexual explorations to the fullest . 
 he hoped the scene proved a good precursor to his evening . 
 he only had a general description of his one-night stand , choosing to forego the photo as he wanted to be surprised . 
 he relied on two factors only . 
 she sat at the corner left barstool and had blonde hair . 
 he expected a sexual vixen dressed in leather with a kick ass personality . 
 instead , his gaze cut straight to an angel . 
 crap . 
 she was all wrong . 
 the woman sat at the bar with a shot at her elbow , her jeans and simple white t-shirt fading into the crowd of peacocks mingling around her . 
 his heart sank . 
 a dominatrix ? 
 impossible . 
 he 'd eat her up in one bite and she 'd be screaming for the door . 
 fighting his temper , he clenched his jaw . 
 attractive , yes . 
 her shimmering white-blonde hair gleamed like a halo in a ponytail . 
 big , china blue eyes dominated her softly curved face . 
 a generous bow curved her lower lip and she had a killer body , evident in the perfect hour glass waist , small , high br ** sts with perky n ** ples , and a luscious ass sitting atop the red leather barstool . 
 he studied her white keds and almost groaned in defeat . 
 not even a spiked heel in sight . 
 he was screwed . 
 and not in a good way . 
 madame eve had finally reached the end of her winning streak . 
 with a deep , resigned breath , he closed the distance between them . 
 `` summer ? '' 
 his tongue stumbled over her name , the image of a sweet , sunny girl next door-type adding to his disgust . 
 she stared up at him with frank appraisal . 
 she did n't answer for a while . 
 surprise coursed through him as the baby blues started at the top of his head , lowered to his chest , and scanned his arms . 
 then dropped . 
 he hardened when her hot gaze caressed him between the legs , and he shifted uneasily . 
 who the hell is this woman ? 
 completing her inspection , she nodded her approval . 
 `` rafe , i assume ? '' 
 her voice was cool . 
 `` you 'll do fine . '' 
 his mouth snapped closed . 
 `` uh , glad to hear it . '' 
 a short silence settled between them and she made no move to speak . 
 just lifted the shot glass and tipped it , then slid her tongue over her plump lower lip to grab the last drop of liquid . 
 he imagined the sting of the tequila hot down her throat , chased by the tart lime she sucked on . 
 his c * ck strained to full attention . 
 god , how firm would her lips grasp it ? 
 sexual attraction jumped between them like a live wire . 
 he just needed to confirm she was strong enough to handle him . 
 he motioned toward the two empty shot glasses . 
 `` potent stuff . 
 would n't want you drunk on our first date . '' 
 the wicked grin she shot him transformed her face from angel to eve . 
 `` do n't worry , i have a high tolerance . '' 
 his gaze roamed over her petite frame and he lifted a brow . 
 she laughed . 
 `` let 's share a drink and decide if we want to take this to the suite . 
 beer ? '' 
 `` jack daniels . '' 
 `` nice . '' 
 she lifted her arm for the bartender . 
 he let her order the drinks , deciding to hold back further judgment until he got a better reading . 
 so far , the woman fascinated the hell out of him . 
 they clinked glasses . 
 `` to a memorable night , '' she toasted . 
 the shot disappeared down her throat without a flinch and she leaned forward . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 his lips quirked in amusement . 
 `` about what ? '' 
 `` about me . 
 about us . 
 about tonight . '' 
 he studied her from over his shot glass . 
 `` you 're not what i expected when i signed on for this . '' 
 instead of being offended , she nodded glumly . 
 `` you expected leather and heels , huh ? 
 i 'm more like the wholesome girl next door . 
 is it the keds ? '' 
 he sputtered with laughter . 
 `` yeah , the sneakers did n't help . 
 look , this is new to me . 
 i come from a background where i yell jump , and a bunch of men ask ` how high . ' 
 it wo n't be easy for me to just snap to attention , and i do n't want to intimidate you . '' 
 she raised her chin . 
 pure challenge sparked in her eyes . 
 `` i understand , and this is all new to me , too . 
 that 's why i did n't want to meet you at a club dressed to the nines . 
 i ca n't help that i look like this . 
 this is who i am day to day . 
 i like a man to buy me dinner and open the door . 
 i love knowing he 's stronger than me , can kick some major ass , and wo n't back down from a good , old-fashioned bar room fight . 
 but in the bedroom , i want to be in charge . 
 at least , i think i do . '' 
 he sucked in a breath at her honesty . 
 hmmm , a bit of a spitfire in a nice , neat package . 
 is n't that what he craved ? 
 a woman who would n't be afraid to tell him what she wanted , and what she wanted him to do ? 
 he was sick to death of being a leader every waking moment . 
 domination came easily to him , always had . 
 in school his classmates gravitated toward him for captain ; he 'd always been picked by his teachers to lead group discussions . 
 when he joined the military , his natural confidence and quest for perfection pushed him to the head of the class . 
 he 'd risen quickly up the ranks , until he found himself in the scorching desert , leading a brigade of men in war . 
 every order equaled life or death , with no room for error . 
 his decision not to re-up changed the game . 
 he went back to atlantic city with an open mind , and enjoyed getting back to his main love-dealing cards . 
 but when a long line of women with endless needs began draining his energy instead of fueling it , he knew something was wrong . 
 his mind tired of doing all the work , and his body began to suffer . 
 when a gorgeous woman who wanted to be subservient begged for his command and his c * ck never hardened , he 'd gone into hibernation mode . 
 maybe he needed summer preston . 
 maybe . 
 he raked his gaze over her figure . 
 tipped back his glass and swallowed the burning liquid . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 she shot to her feet and pressed a room key in his hands . 
 `` castillo resorts , the penthouse . 
 give me a fifteen-minute head start . '' 
 he nodded and watched her disappear into the crowd . 
 chapter two summer paced the lushly carpeted suite and tried to ignore the flutter in her tummy . 
 in a minute , she 'd open her door to an overpowering , sexy male predator who she 'd try to subjugate to her every sexual whim . 
 yeah , right . 
 she pushed the doubt firmly out of her mind . 
 rafe steele was unexpected . 
 she 'd always had a weakness for the tall , dark and handsome type , but the man put them all to shame . 
 sinfully inky eyes promised a quick trip to heaven , and dark curls begged a woman to thrust her fingers in deep and hang on . 
 his face was all rough planes and angles-sharp cheekbones , a crooked nose , shaggy dark brows , an unshaven chin . 
 his mouth held a sensual , almost cruel curve that stripped away any pretty boy looks and made a man look twice and a woman salivate . 
 his body appeared rock hard and unforgiving . 
 even in his black shirt and matching pants , the muscles rippled beneath the fabric . 
 she guessed he topped six feet , but it was the sheer dominance of his presence that pressed upon her . 
 an aura of command when he spoke . 
 he struck her as a man used to being in charge . 
 she bet women lined up to do his bidding . 
 yet , he had n't backed off when she 'd adopted a forceful tone in their conversation . 
 in fact , his dark eyes flashed with a gleam of interest . 
 and lust . 
 a knock sounded on the door . 
 showtime . 
 she took a deep breath and let him in . 
 her throat tightened . 
 dear god , the man practically exuded sex . 
 even his scent screamed animal mating , like smoke and musk and earth rolled together . 
 he stalked into her room as though he owned it . 
 he still wore his regulation uniform , pegging him as a dealer , but the silk surrendered to his carved chest and molded to his powerful thighs and ass . 
 his shocked stare told her she 'd done her job well . 
 satisfaction flared , along with a hint of feminine power . 
 the girl next door had turned into a vixen , and she relished every moment of enveloping sexual authority . 
 the skin tight leather cat suit with heels transformed her from sweet teacher to badass . 
 she pursed her lips and studied him , making a circling motion with her finger . 
 `` turn around . '' 
 one brow shot up . 
 his face tightened with a mingling of emotions . 
 arrogance . 
 denial . 
 excitement . 
 yes , he loved taking orders from a woman , as much as she loved giving them . 
 the problem centered on his acceptance and trust of her as a mistress . 
 she ached to give him what he craved , but first he 'd have to submit to his own dark desires . 
 a man used to control and leadership in all other areas of his world would be hard pressed to easily accept such a switch of power even if he wanted to . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he looked as if he did n't recognize her from the strip club and had entered the twilight zone . 
 satisfaction coursed through her at his response . 
 `` tonight you will address me as summer . 
 i have not earned your trust yet to be called mistress . 
 the rules are simple . 
 you obey my every order without question . 
 if you refuse , you will be punished . 
 your body belongs to me until dawn breaks . 
 are we clear ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 her voice snapped like a whiplash . 
 `` i did n't hear you . '' 
 `` yes . 
 summer . '' 
 his instant response surged heat through her veins . 
 a tight ache settled between her thighs . 
 `` very good . 
 you will need a safe word . 
 think of one you 'll easily remember . 
 if you use your safe word , the scene will immediately stop . 
 we will decide if the evening can continue afterward . 
 what is your word ? '' 
 `` blackjack . '' 
 `` blackjack , it is . 
 now , turn around in a full circle . 
 slowly . '' 
 the simple test confirmed her assumptions . 
 he obeyed , his muscles tight with tension . 
 he shot her a look hinting he 'd do what she said , but she also knew restraints would definitely be needed for the night . 
 `` your body is incredible . 
 i ca n't wait until you 're able to pleasure me . 
 but we 're not ready for that yet . 
 strip . '' 
 he blinked . 
 refused to move . 
 she closed the distance between them with two long strides and met his gaze head on . 
 `` i do n't like to repeat myself . '' 
 her voice was icy . 
 `` take off your clothes so i can see every gorgeous inch that belongs to me . 
 hesitate again and you 'll be punished . '' 
 he jolted as if awakening from a dream , and removed his clothes . 
 she caught her breath . 
 wide shoulders . 
 carved muscles , broad chest . 
 cut abs . 
 the line of a wicked scar ran down his ribs and disappeared into a swirl of dark hair . 
 a heavy erection jutted forward and strained against his black boxers . 
 his thumbs hooked on the elastic and paused . 
 she narrowed her eyes in warning . 
 then he pushed the fabric down his thighs and stepped out of his underwear . 
 he stood with his feet apart , hands on hips . 
 she took in the raw male glory . 
 his c * ck rose to full attention . 
 her mouth watered and she ached to dip her head and suck on the long , thick length . 
 her hot gaze traveled over every inch of his body and she nodded in approval then ran her tongue along her lower lip . 
 his c * ck twitched in response to the gesture . 
 `` beautiful . '' 
 she walked around him for a full inspection . 
 her fingers clenched at the sight of his tight ass , imagining how he 'd jerk in response to a paddling . 
 pressing her br ** sts against his back , she placed her hands on his shoulders and stroked him . 
 his muscles jumped under her touch . 
 `` i 'm already wet , '' she whispered in his ear . 
 her teeth nipped at his earlobe . 
 `` would you like a taste ? '' 
 `` yes , summer . '' 
 his voice hissed and she gave a low laugh . 
 running her hands down his arms , she squeezed his biceps . 
 her h * ps pushed against his ass . 
 `` not yet . 
 i want to play with your body for a while . 
 you are not to touch me until i give you permission . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` very good . '' 
 she slid her arms around his waist and splayed her palms over his chest . 
 his heart thundered against her hand , and a fine sheen of sweat beaded his skin . 
 oh , yeah . 
 he liked her attention , but how would he handle not being in charge ? 
 she dug her nails into his abs and kicked his feet apart with one black heel until his legs spread wide . 
 he locked down his body to avoid moving and his breath came in heavy gasps . 
 murmuring approval , she drifted her palms downward and played with the nest of hair at the base of his cock , running one finger down the ridged length , up and down , never applying more than a hint of pressure . 
 he bit back a groan . 
 her fingers circled the tip , spreading around the bead of moisture that dripped . 
 slowly , she cupped and stroked his balls . 
 his temper exploded . 
 with a curse , he spun and pulled her into his arms . 
 his mouth lowered to take hers , but she took a quick step back , and grabbed his balls in a merciless grip . 
 she allowed her face to reflect her cold displeasure . 
 shock blazed back at her and his c * ck jumped in response . 
 `` remove your hands . '' 
 his arms dropped to his side . 
 she shook her head in mockery . 
 `` not enough control , i see . 
 the rules are simple . 
 your body is mine for my pleasure . 
 you obey my commands , and you do n't touch me unless i give permission . 
 since you ca n't listen on your own , i 'll need to give you a little help . '' 
 a slight twist of her hand exerted more pressure and he winced . 
 `` do n't move . '' 
 releasing him , she walked to the small bureau and pulled out a pair of leather handcuffs from the top drawer . 
 `` no f ** king way . '' 
 her brow arched . 
 `` yes f ** king way . 
 you proved you ca n't be trusted on your own . 
 this will make sure you keep your hands to yourself . '' 
 `` i 'll obey next time . '' 
 `` yes , you will , '' she said . 
 `` because i 'll make sure of it . 
 follow me . '' 
 with his feet rooted to the ground , they 'd reached a turning point . 
 he 'd either take the leap and put himself in her hands , or stalk out the door with his pride intact . 
 of course , pride made a cold bed partner and ranked unnecessary in the pursuit of pleasure . 
 conflict flickered in his dark eyes as he processed his options . 
 summer gave him the only gift she owned . 
 her truth . 
 `` are n't you as tired of running as i am ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 she extended her hand and waited . 
 he stiffened and glared at the handcuffs before slowly sauntering over to grasp her hand . 
 heat and comfort radiated from his fingers straight to her heart . 
 an age old connection sizzled and settled between them in a steady hum . 
 she led him to the bedroom where she 'd already had certain equipment installed at her request . 
 both madame eve and castillo resorts were quite accommodating . 
 she moved him to the far wall of the suite . 
 the bedroom boasted a tuscan feel , with rich gold , browns and burgundy . 
 the bed held piles of pillows against an ornate oak headboard . 
 the cream satin sheets beckoned and glistened under the last rays of the dying sun that sneaked through the venetian blinds . 
 with one last moment of hesitation , he surrendered his hands . 
 she fastened the handcuffs , checking the fit and his comfort . 
 she grabbed the chain from the drawer , attached it to the hook that hung discreetly from the ceiling , and connected the cuffs . 
 he sucked in his breath , but she never glanced at him or hesitated , just pulled the chain up and connected it so his hands stretched over his head . 
 she released some slack inch by inch until satisfied . 
 `` how does that feel ? '' 
 a beat passed . 
 `` uncomfortable . '' 
 `` painful ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 she 'd targeted enough discomfort to allow him the opportunity to concentrate on his body , and not what he should be doing or thinking . 
 she reached under the bed , took out a foot spreader , and positioned it between his legs . 
 after a quick check of the equipment , she stood back to admire the nak * d man in front of her . 
 a slow , satisfied smile curved her lips . 
 `` perfect . 
 let 's begin . '' 
 holy shit . 
 in a matter of minutes , he found himself nak * d , spread eagle , and tied up before a female he 'd never met before tonight . 
 i 've lost my freaking mind . 
 the last incident in iraq flashed before his vision . 
 their transporter had been attacked . 
 as bullets rained over them and he 'd shot back , sweat dripping in his eyes , adrenalin pumping , sand bursting up in clouds so he did n't know what the hell he aimed at , he 'd reached a turning point . 
 when ben got cut down , his leg shot to pieces , rafe had needed to make a life-changing decision in a moment . 
 he 'd dived into the danger zone to bring his friend back to safety and hoped life without a limb would n't be as bad as dying . 
 right now , right here , with this woman before him , he hit another turning point . 
 he craved a bit of secret domme/sub play , but never believed he 'd experience a full blown episode . 
 his senses buzzed in vivid neon colors , riding the edge of pain and pleasure . 
 since coming back from the war , he 'd never felt so completely alive . 
 in touch with his body and completely present . 
 focused only on the woman before him who was about to rock his world . 
 jesus , she looked like a different woman . 
 her face still held the appeal of the girl-next-door , but now she emanated a seductive power that gripped him by the balls and squeezed him as hard as her fingers had . 
 high , perfectly formed br ** sts played a game of hide and seek behind tight leather . 
 her n ** ples grazed the edge of the corset , about to pop out with her next deep breath . 
 skin tight pants left nothing to the imagination and cupped her ass , clearly outlining the delta between her thighs . 
 each time she took a step , the heels forced her to balance , pushing her h * ps forward and back in a feminine swing eve could n't have perfected better . 
 each thrust beckoned with a promise . 
 if he hung on . 
 he 'd figured she 'd call it quits the moment he fought her . 
 he had n't expected her to twist his balls , or the crazy pain/pleasure that stiffened his dick at her complete demand of submission . 
 his mind emptied of all other thoughts than getting to touch her , thrust inside of her , see her completely nak * d . 
 he figured he 'd take anything she gave if she 'd allow him just a taste . 
 `` hmm , very nice . '' 
 she grasped his c * ck and slid down from tip to the base . 
 he shuddered and pulled on the cuffs , but the movement cramped and burned his shoulders and neck . 
 he raised almost on tiptoe and stretched his body . 
 her touch skittered over his skin and twisted the discomfort into excitement . 
 `` i want to know more about you , '' she purred like catwoman . 
 `` we 're going to play one of my favorite games . 
 i 'll ask you something and you answer as honestly as possible . 
 if you give me the truth , i 'll give you a present . 
 lie to me , and you 'll be punished . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes , summer . '' 
 `` very good . '' 
 she continued touching him with light strokes-his hip , his stomach , his nipple . 
 each teasing flutter fisted his gut with anticipation , until he worried he 'd spurt all over her like a freaking horn dog teenager . 
 he used all of his military training to lock down his brain and control his body . 
 no way in hell he 'd explode before he pushed inside of her . 
 she picked the wrong man to play that game with . 
 as if she sensed his thoughts , she lifted one of her hands and he held his breath as her pink tongue licked her palm . 
 she grasped his erection . 
 and squeezed . 
 he bucked at the damp heat . 
 `` stop thinking , '' she commanded . 
 `` you 'll do what i ask , not what you think you have to . 
 how long were you in the military ? '' 
 `` eight years . 
 joined at eighteen . '' 
 she rubbed both hands up and down his cock , her thumb massaging the tip , keeping him distracted . 
 `` where were you stationed ? '' 
 `` iraq . '' 
 `` tell me about it . '' 
 he blinked , reaching for some answer to her strange question , but she continued stroking . 
 `` uh , what do you want to know ? '' 
 `` describe how it felt . '' 
 he groaned when she scratched his sensitive balls with her fingernails . 
 `` hot . 
 dusty . 
 had sand in my ass from the first day , and the grit does n't wash off your skin no matter how much you bathe . 
 you learn not to trust anyone but your team since any resident can turn on you in a heartbeat . 
 children included . '' 
 she released him and disappeared behind him . 
 he tensed . 
 her breath ran hot over his back and one sharp nail traced the line of his spine to stop at the base before tracing the line of his ass cheeks . 
 he closed his eyes and pulled at the chains , wanting out of there , yet he had nowhere to go . 
 `` tell me your worst memory in iraq . '' 
 her finger teased the tight hole between his cheeks . 
 he concentrated on keeping his breathing steady , his heartbeat under control and played his usual game that kept him grounded . 
 start with one thousand and count backward , slow and steady . 
 no way in hell he 'd share secrets with a one-night stand . 
 no way in hell she 'd make him . 
 `` nothing stands out . 
 one crappy day was the same as the rest . '' 
 a sharp slap rang through the air . 
 his left ass cheek tightened and heat burned his skin , but before he recovered , she bit down and the other cheek stung like a son of a bitch . 
 her hand slid around and grasped his cock , pumping up and down in a steady rhythm and the dual shock of pain melded to pleasure . 
 her tongue soothed the sting on his ass . 
 with his head swimming , he tried to keep his brain sharp in order to dodge her questions , but his body did n't give a shit . 
 he cursed viciously . 
 `` do n't lie to me , it 'll piss me off . 
 let 's backtrack . 
 were you in charge of anyone ? '' 
 `` yes , five men . '' 
 `` were they close friends ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` did everyone get out alive ? '' 
 the repetitive questions came fast . 
 his mind throbbed in time with the demands of his body to come . 
 `` no . '' 
 he descended into his own personal hell , fighting with lust and need and crappy memories he did n't want to emerge . 
 then she appeared in front of him . 
 she 'd loosened her corset and bared her br ** sts . 
 two ruby red n ** ples poked out and begged for his mouth . 
 `` who died ? '' 
 he gritted his teeth . 
 she reached out and slapped his cock . 
 a few drops of cum moistened the tip and he groaned . 
 `` ben . '' 
 `` how did he die ? '' 
 `` fuck you . '' 
 the last ditch effort at sanity broke from his lips . 
 she smiled and knelt before him . 
 her hands rubbed her n ** ples and he stared helplessly at the luscious fruit a few inches away , yet unable to touch . 
 the final threads of control frayed . 
 `` i 'm going to take your c * ck into my mouth and suck . 
 you are not allowed to come . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she opened her lips and slid her tongue up and over him . 
 his heart stopped , sputtered , and pounded so hard the sound roared in his ears . 
 she rolled the tip of her tongue round and round , licking with delicate motions . 
 he jerked in the heavenly wet heat and yanked at his restraints . 
 his knees shook . 
 the numbers swam foggily in his vision but he fought for composure and tried to count again . 
 she pulled her mouth away with a slight popping noise . 
 `` how did ben die ? '' 
 `` ambushed . 
 we took cover but he got hit and his leg was blown off . '' 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 `` nothing . '' 
 the witch actually smiled . 
 she bathed her index finger with her tongue . 
 her hot breath blew on his throbbing cock , and she trailed the same finger slowly between his cheeks , teasing the opening of his anus . 
 horror and a raging arousal licked him like fire . 
 `` liar , '' she said softly . 
 one finger thrust into his ass . 
 `` fuck ! '' 
 the delicious pressure shoved him toward the edge of orgasm . 
 she worked the finger like a magician until his body practically wept for more . 
 `` what happened when ben got hit ? '' 
 `` i asked tim to cover me and i went to get him . 
 dragged him out of the scene . '' 
 he panted . 
 with her other hand , she lifted his erection , swirling her fingers under the sensitive base , around his balls , spreading the moisture of her mouth . 
 `` did you get shot ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no . 
 everyone said it was a miracle . '' 
 pain and desire melded until one became indistinct from the other . 
 the agony of the memory pierced him clear and sharp , when before it had always been a dull throbbing that never seemed to go away . 
 she battered him with questions , and still she worked him , never easing the pressure of her finger in his ass , or her tongue and lips on his cock . 
 `` did you save him ? '' 
 `` that day i did . 
 he died at the hospital later . 
 the whole thing was a waste . 
 just another day of waste . '' 
 `` was that your worst memory ? '' 
 her gaze delved deep and grabbed him by the throat . 
 an endless depth of blue churned with emotion and demanded his truth . 
 the walls he 'd built trembled and broke in a pile of rubble around him . 
 his body screamed and shook for release , for her permission to come . 
 he dug in and gave it to her . 
 `` no , my worst memory was the day i got that f ** king medal . 
 the silver star . 
 for being a damned hero . '' 
 he waited for her revulsion and anger and resentment . 
 instead , he only met her understanding and empathy . 
 and want . 
 `` very good . 
 now , you may come in my mouth . '' 
 her head dipped and she took him deep to the back of her throat in one swift gulp . 
 she sucked hard , her tongue swirling around with the perfect pressure . 
 a cry ripped from his lips . 
 her teeth gently scraped the underside of his dick ; she thrust a second finger in his anus , and he let go . 
 the cli ** x ripped through him and he screamed her name , bucking and coming in her slick , satin heat . 
 his toes arched and his head exploded in sensory overload as every muscle released tension . 
 mini convulsions wracked him from side to side , and she took all of him , massaging , then crooning to him softly . 
 drained emotionally and physically , he slumped against the handcuffs and heard her murmur his name . 
 time slowed and blurred . 
 he caught the sweet scent of soap on her damp hands as she freed him from his restraints and rubbed his sore muscles . 
 settling him on the bed , she pressed kisses to his forehead as he lay against the cool sheets and let her bathe him with a damp washcloth . 
 he basked in a cocoon of warmth and safety he 'd never experienced before , after the most powerful orgasm of his life . 
 in the comforting darkness , he surrendered while held within strong , feminine arms . 
 chapter three summer blinked away the tears that threatened and she bit her lip to ground herself . 
 the man beside her roused . 
 how would he react after the depth of their emotional scene ? 
 in a matter of hours , rafe steele had given her more intimacy and passion than she 'd ever experienced . 
 his strength humbled her . 
 she shook with the need to belong to him completely , to have him fill her aching p ** sy . 
 dear god , how can i ever go back to my old life ? 
 he 'd wrecked her for all others-wrecked her for the normal vanilla sex with its nice boundaries and neat actions that barely scratched the surface of deep emotion . 
 by giving in to his needs , his want , he 'd given her a priceless gift . 
 she smoothed back a loose dark curl from his brow with a shaky hand . 
 would he hate her ? 
 would he blame her for forcing him to tell his most private secrets ? 
 and could she blame him ? 
 she 'd played hard ball and reached for things that most women did n't try to accomplish for months . 
 vulnerability turned a man vicious , and she might fall victim . 
 his eyes opened . 
 she sucked in a breath at the swirl of emotion in his gaze . 
 recognition . 
 lust . 
 anger . 
 knowledge . 
 the clock ticked . 
 her heart squeezed with terror at the idea of him walking away before dawn . 
 `` summer ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` why are you still wearing clothes ? '' 
 she looked down at her half nak * d body and burst out laughing . 
 `` i got distracted . '' 
 warmth pumped through her veins and flooded to the center of her thighs . 
 her n ** ples swelled to full attention . 
 `` besides , i want you to take them off . '' 
 he sat up , gloriously nak * d and tousled . 
 `` thank god . 
 that outfit is driving me f ** king nuts . '' 
 still grinning , she slid off the bed in one quick motion . 
 `` in a moment . 
 i want you to drink some water . '' 
 `` anything stronger ? '' 
 `` water first . '' 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 her fingers itched to smack his ass , but she loved the dual edge of dominance and subjugation he teetered on . 
 he 'd never take a backseat in life or in public . 
 the idea he 'd do it in the privacy of the bedroom cranked her lust to a whole new level . 
 she brought over two glasses of ice water and watched him drink . 
 satisfied he was properly hydrated , she poured two fingers of jack daniels for both of them and settled on the bed . 
 the scent of man , musk , and arousal rose to her nostrils she studied his face carefully , but no resentment or embarrassment glimmered . 
 `` how do you feel ? '' 
 `` like i had the best orgasm of my life . '' 
 his eyes darkened further . 
 `` like i want to do it again , but this time thrusting between your thighs instead of your mouth . '' 
 she smiled . 
 damn , his sense of humor and honesty blew her away . 
 `` me , too . '' 
 he shook his head as if refusing to utter more thoughts . 
 `` tell me what you 're thinking . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe i shared all that crap with you , '' he muttered . 
 `` even my brothers do n't know . '' 
 `` i 'm not surprised . 
 men do n't spend too much time analyzing their emotions . 
 women wallow , and men push it aside and get on with their life . 
 the problem is when the stuff begins to blister . '' 
 `` are you a shrink ? '' 
 he asked suspiciously . 
 she laughed . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm an elementary school teacher . '' 
 `` i knew it . 
 pegged you for a teacher or a librarian from the first . '' 
 questions whirled in his eyes and she waited for him to ask . 
 `` so , how does this work ? 
 do i get to ask questions or is this just a one-man show ? '' 
 she raised a brow at his tone , secretly enjoying his masculine edge . 
 `` i have nothing to hide . 
 if i insist on your honesty at all times , i 'm certainly not holding back with you . 
 i 'll answer any questions you have . '' 
 `` how did a nice elementary school teacher get hooked up with a one-night stand ? '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` i 've always craved dominance in the bedroom . 
 i was raised to believe women took a backseat to men . 
 you know , allow them their full right to be in charge at all times . 
 my mom spent many lessons teaching me to trick my boyfriends into getting what i want using my feminine wiles . '' 
 the memories cut deep as she remembered her parents ' own marriage . 
 when her father asked his wife to jump , she asked how high . 
 summer would have been fine if he 'd made her mother happy , but only rage and resentment filled the woman up , pushing away everything good . 
 including love for her only daughter . 
 `` my parents insisted i live up to certain ideals . 
 church on sundays . 
 volunteer programs on weekends . 
 i pursued a teaching degree under their watchful eye , and they even set me up with the man they expected me to marry . 
 they were concerned i grow up with old-fashioned virtue and not become a slut of society . '' 
 he shook his head in amazement . 
 `` hardcore . 
 why ca n't i imagine you just going along with their plan ? '' 
 `` they were my parents . 
 i assumed i needed to do what i was told . 
 most of the time i enjoyed my life , but not when they focused on andrew , the local pastor . 
 it was the first time i disagreed with them . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` let 's just say they were n't thrilled when i informed them their precious andrew could n't get it up in the bedroom . '' 
 he winced . 
 `` ouch . '' 
 `` yep . 
 they threw me out of the house and called me a whore . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i crashed at a friend 's house and built my own life . 
 a life i wanted , including sex . '' 
 `` do you ever talk to your parents ? '' 
 sadness leaked through her . 
 she refused to hide behind the wall , and allowed him to see it all . 
 `` i call them on a regular basis . 
 sometimes they talk to me . 
 once i even visited , but they only wanted to show off andrew 's new wife and baby boy . 
 i did n't stay too long . 
 somehow , they 're the only ones in my life who can make me feel dirty . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 rafe 's words reached out in warm comfort , his husky voice washing over her in a healing massage . 
 `` thanks . 
 so , back to the original question , i did some experimenting with different types of men but always left unsatisfied . 
 each time i tried to dominate a scene , they 'd freak out . 
 my last ex called me a head case and told me i needed therapy . '' 
 `` he was an a ** hole . 
 probably afraid to listen to what you needed . 
 did you ever try out any bdsm clubs ? '' 
 `` i went once for an orientation and learned some basics . 
 i practiced safety with my sub and learned simple equipment . 
 but i made no connections there , and the public scene was too much for me . 
 at least for now . 
 i wanted to explore in a private setting , with someone i can trust . 
 i found out about madame eve and grabbed the opportunity . 
 i could get matched with someone and have a night of experimentation on my own terms . '' 
 `` and here we are . '' 
 she grinned at his bad boy wink . 
 `` yes , here we are . '' 
 her fingers clenched . 
 `` what about you ? 
 what are you looking for ? '' 
 she gave him credit . 
 he only looked uncomfortable for a moment , then pushed past and told her the truth . 
 `` i 've always felt different . 
 i grew up with two older brothers who were pretty dominant , so i never questioned that was the route for me . 
 but i felt strangled . 
 they already had my future mapped out-finish college , go to dealer school , and join them in atlantic city with my pop . 
 poker 's in the blood . 
 but i was sick of being in their shadow and craved to make my own way . 
 so , when i turned eighteen i joined the military . 
 i went overseas pretty quickly because of the war . 
 really pissed off my family . '' 
 `` did they end up supporting your decision ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 once they understood i 'd made up my mind , they backed me all the way . 
 i 've never regretted joining . 
 hell , basic training alone kicked my ass . 
 i challenged myself , and i made friends i 'll never forget . '' 
 pain ravaged his face . 
 `` other than ben , everyone else got out alive , but the transition is freaking crazy . 
 nightmares . 
 wondering why i 'm spending time deciding on lunch when people were dying . 
 a tire blew out on the highway once and i almost flew off the road to dive for cover . 
 messes with your head . 
 i never spoke about it , and my family never asked . 
 eventually , i did go to dealer school and began my career . 
 on my terms . '' 
 `` when did you realize you have sub tendencies ? '' 
 he gave a short laugh . 
 `` when the best sex i had came from a woman i dated who got pissed . 
 she started getting physical , ordering me around , and i became hard as a rock . 
 i wanted more . 
 unfortunately , it never went much further after that . '' 
 `` you never tried to experiment ? 
 talk to anyone ? '' 
 he snorted . 
 `` honey , my brothers would eat me up alive if they even guessed . 
 most women fall at my feet , ready to roll over when i ask , all because i received a f ** king medal for leadership i did n't deserve . 
 if it got out i showed up at a club as a sub , i 'd be done . 
 i consider tonight a present to myself . 
 get it out of my system . '' 
 she arched a brow at his terminology of his sexual preferences as an it . 
 yes , she knew what he meant . 
 but she craved a mate who could satisfy her in the bedroom . 
 who cared anymore about her reputation or what society considered abnormal or normal ? 
 she wanted a man to take care of-to command and give everything she was-for his complete trust . 
 no more hiding . 
 when dawn rose , he 'd go back to his life with its rigid rules , and maybe someday strangle under its chokehold . 
 not her . 
 first her parents , then society chose her path . 
 now , she 'd choose on her own , but in the light of day , on her own terms . 
 he 'd forced her to admit what she really needed , and she 'd never deny herself again . 
 if she needed to find the proper club , she would . 
 if she needed to reach out for contacts and people involved in this lifestyle , she 'd find them . 
 she looked at the man on the bed and a strange sadness and longing rose in her throat . 
 already , a strong bond had been formed , emotionally and physically . 
 she ached to learn more , to strip him bare and give him the most immense pleasure of his life . 
 but he was n't ready . 
 she only had him until dawn . 
 `` must be nice to have everything under control . '' 
 he shuddered and she caught the gleam of arousal in his eyes . 
 `` let 's see how well you do with some boundaries . '' 
 she licked her lips as she noted his instant hard on . 
 `` but first , a kiss . 
 show me how much you want me . 
 you 're only allowed to touch my lips . 
 keep your hands to your sides . '' 
 eagerness leapt in his gaze . 
 he leaned forward and twisted his hands in the tangled sheets in an effort to keep still , but he did as told and carefully fit his mouth over hers . 
 a sluggish heat pierced her with sweet longing as his taste swamped her-stinging liquor and hot male need . 
 as if treasuring every moment , he sipped from her lips , nibbling on the lower one in a strong measure of control , teasing the seam with his tongue . 
 slowly , she opened to him , and he pushed through . 
 mine . 
 the word pounded in her head like a mantra . 
 she fought her need to possess and allowed him full access , as his tongue explored every dark hidden cave , and plunged in over and over , f ** king her mouth in perfect rhythm . 
 the earthy scent of him filled her head , and her control slipped under her lust for more . 
 she shuddered for his touch . 
 pulling away , she stared into his eyes . 
 in a ragged , husky voice , she said , `` very good . 
 you may touch my br ** sts . 
 but not with your mouth . '' 
 `` thank you , summer . '' 
 his words pleased her , and his big hands cupped her br ** sts , massaging in rough circles . 
 her flesh swelled to meet him and her n ** ples tightened . 
 she loved the contrast between her fair skin and his olive tones . 
 he used his thumbs to roughly tweak her n ** ples , scraping a nail over one tight bud . 
 heat lanced straight down her belly and pulsed between her thighs . 
 god help her , she was n't as in control as she hoped . 
 she craved release just from his hands on her nak * d skin . 
 at that rate , he 'd own all the control . 
 an idea nibbled on the fringe of her mind . 
 he needed another lesson in discipline . 
 perhaps her orgasm could introduce him to a whole new pleasure ? 
 `` you 've been very good , '' she said . 
 `` i 'd like you to kneel in the middle of the bedroom for me now . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 his obvious confusion cleared her head and she drew her brows together in warning . 
 `` not another word . 
 do n't question me or i wo n't let you come . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 pure mutiny carved lines on his face . 
 a beat passed and she waited . 
 `` yes , i understand . '' 
 he rose from the bed and knelt on the mocha-colored carpet . 
 she squirmed at the sight of the rippling muscles in his upper thighs and ass . 
 god , she wanted him . 
 `` very nice . 
 spread your legs wider . 
 now lock your hands behind your back . 
 beautiful . 
 you may watch as i undress . '' 
 heat sizzled in his gaze . 
 she peeled off her thigh high boots , unzipped the leather pants , and wriggled them down over her h * ps to stand nak * d in front of him . 
 her bare p ** sy leaked with her arousal . 
 she heard the quick intake of his breath , and gloried in the fact that she pleased him . 
 carefully , she slipped her boots back on . 
 the soft leather caressed the sensitive flesh of her inner thighs . 
 a few drops of pr ** um glistened on the tip of his cock , and he leaned forward to rub it against the carpet , moaning under the friction . 
 she lifted one spiked heel and dug it into his upper thigh . 
 he hissed at the sharp pain , but when his gaze flicked to her open folds in full view , his muscles locked down . 
 `` straighten up and link your hands behind your back , '' she said . 
 `` you will sit there while i pleasure myself . 
 you are not to move . '' 
 `` please , let me do it . 
 i promise to make you feel so good . '' 
 she gave a low laugh . 
 `` yes , i 'm sure you will . 
 but i want you to understand i control your orgasms . 
 i control how i cli ** x . 
 if you are very good , and if you do n't move , i may let you pleasure me . '' 
 his jaw clenched . 
 he seemed to battle his lust for fulfillment against his usual routine of being in charge . 
 his true nature won , and she caught all the signs of excitement shudder through his body at the thought of letting her lead . 
 `` yes , summer . '' 
 `` very nice . '' 
 she eased over the carved wooden footboard , a perfect prop for her thighs . 
 slowly , she spread her legs , her shaved p ** sy open to his gaze . 
 `` you 've made me very wet , rafe . '' 
 resting her fingers on the swollen lips , she coated her juices over her hardened clit . 
 `` i can only imagine how your hot , wet tongue would feel rubbing over my clit , thrusting inside . '' 
 she pushed a finger in her slit and moaned . 
 her other hand worked her breast , rolling and pinching a tight nipple in rhythm with her finger . 
 `` do you want to know how i feel ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 his voice was ragged . 
 `` slick and hot and juicy . 
 oh , that feels so good , hmm , i need more . '' 
 she added another finger and built up her speed , her knuckle rubbing over the nub pounding for release . 
 she threw her head back on the bed and brought her knees up , spreading wider . 
 `` summer , please ! 
 let me come to you . '' 
 `` not yet . 
 i 'm hot and tight , just begging for your c * ck and your fingers and your mouth to take me . 
 oh , i 'm so close , i feel it , so good , ahh ! '' 
 she came in a rush , her p ** sy clamping down on emptiness as shudders shook her . 
 knowing he watched every movement and saw all of her secrets intensified the pleasure . 
 spasms wracked her . 
 she moaned in satisfaction then rose from the bed . 
 he knelt in perfect submission on the carpet . 
 sweat dripped from his brow and his skin gleamed to a high sheen he fought for control as his rock hard thighs trembled with exertion , and every muscle shuddered . 
 her heart soared at his ravaged features . 
 satisfaction pounded through her and lit her heart . 
 my god , he is perfect . 
 the masculine beauty of a man holding himself back , of submitting to such a deep need to release on her terms , was the most incredible gift . 
 as if he were unable to speak coherently , a groan escaped . 
 she purred and stroked his damp hair , pushing the curls away from his brow . 
 `` poor baby , you 've been so good . 
 i think you need a present . 
 tell me what you would like . '' 
 he struggled for words , to put his fantasy into reality . 
 asking for what he wanted was a big step in the path of submission . 
 `` i want to lick your p ** sy . '' 
 `` yes , baby , i think you deserve that . 
 i 'd like to come again . 
 stay exactly where you are . 
 you are not to rub your c * ck against anything while you pleasure me . 
 you are not allowed to come , do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes , summer . '' 
 she positioned herself on the floor in front of him , propping one spiked heel on each of his shoulders . 
 she opened her legs wide and spread out before him like a present . 
 `` oh , god , you 're so beautiful . '' 
 `` show me how much you want me . '' 
 he bent his head . 
 her h * ps arched at the first lick over her wet slit . 
 his hot mouth opened slow and easy , stroking her swollen folds , teasing her clit , giving her just a tiny taste of what she really needed . 
 she rolled her head back and forth and pushed her p ** sy higher . 
 `` more , give me more . '' 
 he obediently plunged his tongue into her dripping heat . 
 over and over he thrust , using his finger to rotate and massage her clit . 
 the edge hovered in front of her , blurry and beckoning . 
 she neared the peak and cried out , `` now , make me come now ! '' 
 he sucked on her cl * t and sank his fingers deep inside . 
 she screamed as the orgasm ripped through her , shredding her with sheer pleasure . 
 he gave a hoarse shout and milked her cli ** x to the last shudder , then lapped up her juices and pressed kisses to her trembling thighs . 
 she practically purred in satisfaction at the deep-seated orgasm . 
 `` very nice . '' 
 slowly , she rose to her feet . 
 `` i 'm going to pour myself a glass of wine , baby . 
 would you like something ? '' 
 his face reflected raw anger and nak * d need . 
 he growled low in his throat , shaking with need . 
 `` are you kidding me ? 
 what the hell game do you think you 're playing ? '' 
 her voice slapped like a whip . 
 `` what did you just say to me ? '' 
 he jerked back but gritted his teeth in determination . 
 `` i 'm dying here . 
 i need to come . '' 
 `` oh , you need to come , do you ? '' 
 she walked over and lifted his chin , towering over him . 
 `` you 'll come when i tell you to . '' 
 `` i ca n't last any longer . '' 
 the agony of holding back his orgasm etched his face . 
 `` please , summer . '' 
 she softened . 
 `` i know it hurts , baby . 
 but if you hang on , i promise you the best orgasm you ever had in your life . 
 do you trust me ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she cupped his face and gazed into his eyes . 
 their soulful depths pulled her in . 
 dear god , when he leaves , he 'll take a part of me . 
 could i have fallen in love after only a few hours ? 
 `` do you trust me ? 
 do you trust me to take you to the extremes of pleasure and keep you safe ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 his admission tore through her . 
 she pressed a kiss to his lips , sliding her tongue over his carved mouth and dipping inside for a quick taste . 
 `` thank you . 
 stay here a moment . '' 
 she walked over to the bedroom bureau , slid out a drawer , and came back with a large black ring and lube . 
 `` stand , please . '' 
 he rose to his feet . 
 his erection pulsed in demand , but she concentrated on lubing up the ring , then rubbed the liquid on his cock . 
 slowly , she slid the ring up his length to the base , worked it over his testicles , and tested the position . 
 he twitched in agony and shook his head . 
 `` what the hell is this ? 
 oh , god , i ca n't take it . '' 
 `` yes , you can . 
 it 's a c * ck ring . 
 it will help you control your orgasm until i 'm ready . 
 the ring restrains your testicles so when you come , it will be much more intense . 
 unless you want to use your safe word ? '' 
 a flicker of temptation lit his eyes . 
 just as quickly , his head bowed in submission . 
 his dark desires needed to be filled , and he understood she 'd give him what he sought . 
 `` no , summer . '' 
 `` very good . 
 resume kneeling and i will bring us some wine and snacks . '' 
 she left the bedroom . 
 chapter four rafe stared at the woman in front of him and wondered if he was in heaven or hell . 
 felt like both . 
 his body did n't belong to him any longer-every inch of skin and muscle belonged to her . 
 usually so sharp about the next maneuver to make a woman experience pleasure , instead his mind fogged . 
 every reaction was completely tied to her words , her commands , her praise . 
 in a matter of one evening , all his military training and dominant mannerisms faded away under the sting of her voice or the sharp bite of her spiked heel . 
 what the hell happened to him ? 
 a pounding cadence enveloped his dick and wrecked his concentration . 
 the c * ck ring tamped down the urgent need to spill his seed , but his swollen flesh ached with the need for release . 
 the strange line of pain and pleasure caused him more arousal than ever imagined . 
 he 'd never wanted to come so badly in his life . 
 even worse , he 'd do anything she commanded if she gave him release . 
 by giving his trust , he bound this woman to take care of his needs . 
 so far , he 'd never experienced such soul-wracking pleasure by giving a woman an orgasm orally . 
 sure , he loved getting a woman off , but she took it to a whole new level . 
 her spicy taste drugged him , her slick heat clenching around his tongue in a fury that stripped away his barriers and any neat control he imagined he owned . 
 the c * ck ring kept him uncomfortably hard , but excitement slithered underneath the surface of his pain . 
 a raw lust he needed to unearth . 
 and the only way was through summer 's commands . 
 `` tell me about your brothers , '' she said . 
 her fingers stroked his hair and caressed the line of his jaw . 
 her soothing touch gentled the lunging beast of want threatening to overtake him . 
 `` they 're both dealers like me . 
 when i got out of the military , i stayed in atlantic city for a while , but my brothers harassed me to move out to vegas and join them . 
 they got me a job with the castillo hotel , which i love . 
 and , they both got married by meeting their wives through madame eve . '' 
 she paused in feeding him a cracker smeared with brie . 
 `` what ? 
 they both met their wives through 1night stand ? '' 
 he chuckled at the look of surprise on her face . 
 `` yep . 
 better watch out , baby , seems madame eve is magic when it comes to the steele brothers . '' 
 she smiled at him . 
 the luminous light in her blue eyes squeezed his heart with longing . 
 god , she was beautiful . 
 her angelic face expressed a pure openness he rarely glimpsed in a woman . 
 she mirrored the perfect twist of naughty and nice that would make a man happy every morning he woke up in her bed . 
 `` i 'm not afraid of commitment , '' she said , softly . 
 `` i 'm tired of hiding who i am anymore . 
 i want a man to be my partner and friend in life . 
 in public . 
 and i want a man strong enough to submit in the bedroom . '' 
 her words shook him like an answering thunderstorm . 
 what if she offered him the opportunity to be with her past dawn ? 
 he pushed the tempting thought aside . 
 `` maybe you do n't have as much to lose , '' he blurted . 
 as his c * ck pulsed , he waited for the sting of punishment from his outburst , but she stared back , her face serious . 
 `` i teach third grade , '' she said softly . 
 `` i 'm in the pta , afterschool clubs , and tutor privately . 
 i have a nice little house with a white picket fence and roses in the backyard . 
 my best friends are married for years with babies and vanilla lifestyles . 
 i do n't want to give any of that up , and i do n't intend to . 
 but i need to be who i am , and if that consists of joining a private bdsm club , or finding a partner who is n't afraid of experimentation , i 'm going to follow it . '' 
 she paused and pressed her thumb against his lips . 
 `` what are you so afraid of ? 
 that your brothers would never forgive you ? 
 that you would be called less than a man ? 
 or that you 'll finally find what you 've been looking for ? '' 
 he imagined summer by his side , in public and private . 
 building a life . 
 free of restrictions , completely submitting to her every demand . 
 to finally feel the freedom of pleasure on his own terms . 
 his c * ck throbbed and his heart wept . 
 the idea of his brothers staring in wide-eyed shock and horror flashed in his mind . 
 shame pulsed with the knowledge that a well known sergeant fell to his knees before a woman in leather , enjoying the sting of a slap in punishment . 
 no . 
 how could he be like this ? 
 perhaps when he finally claimed her , finally cli ** xed , he 'd experience a satisfying relief and could walk away . 
 a fleeting glimpse of recognition flickered in her eyes , as if she suspected his secret thoughts . 
 she stepped back and put away the wine and snacks , then came back into the room with determination . 
 `` i seem to be craving your touch on my body , '' she snapped . 
 `` you will leave your c * ck ring on . 
 stand . '' 
 he rose , his knees sore from kneeling in the same position , even with the thick carpet . 
 dear god , if i touch her for too long i 'll explode-with or without the damn ring . 
 he dug deep and clawed for the control he 'd need to make love to her without coming . 
 she lay down on the bed , her gorgeous white blonde hair spread over the burgundy satin pillows . 
 then spread her legs . 
 his mouth watered . 
 her br ** sts and n ** ples reminded him of cherries on whipped cream . 
 her abandon ratcheted his own desire , her p ** sy nak * d and open , ready for him to serve . 
 he settled on the bed , pressing on top of her . 
 licking and biting the sensitive curve of her neck , he plumped her br ** sts , drew a nipple into his mouth and sucked hard . 
 she arched and he relished the quick flip of control . 
 he feasted on her br ** sts , her belly , then dove between her thighs . 
 sucking and tonguing her to a sharp orgasm , he held her ride out the spasms , greedy for more . 
 the need to thrust into her tight heat gripped him in a frenzy . 
 `` please , summer , please . '' 
 `` tell me what you want . '' 
 her eyes glazed . 
 `` tell me exactly . '' 
 `` i want to f ** k you . 
 let me f ** k you . '' 
 she smiled and licked her lips . 
 `` yes , rafe , you may f ** k me . '' 
 the relief of freedom surged , victory finally close . 
 she grabbed a condom from the table , ripped off the wrapper , and held it above him . 
 `` remove the ring . '' 
 he stripped the restriction from his cock . 
 blood surged through him and he gasped as he fought to hang on . 
 `` good . '' 
 she covered him in seconds , then flipped over and knelt on all fours . 
 he almost exploded at the sight of her perfect ass held high in the air . 
 grasping her hips , he positioned her , then drove to the hilt in her heat . 
 sparks shimmered behind his eyes at the sharp pierce of pleasure . 
 her p ** sy clenched on his c * ck like hungry , greedy fingers , her juices dripping around him . 
 he cried out in ecstasy . 
 `` you are not allowed to come . '' 
 her words shattered his sensual fog . 
 `` what ? 
 no , i ca n't , please - '' `` no coming . 
 now f ** k me . '' 
 he moved , plunging in and out . 
 his control slipped away with each thrust , the slow , steady rhythm ripping away his sanity and leaving a raw , bleeding need to be filled by her . 
 tears pricked the back of his lids . 
 her p ** sy clenched around him . 
 `` tell me what you want ! 
 now . '' 
 a sob caught in his throat . 
 `` i want to come , summer . 
 fuck ! 
 let me come inside you ! '' 
 `` very nice , baby . 
 come with me , now ! '' 
 he gave a guttural cry of victory and dove deep , his balls slapping against her ass . 
 `` ah ! '' 
 he shot hot cum , the orgasm gripping every muscle and hurled him over the edge . 
 his toes curled into the mattress as he pumped furiously and released every last drop . 
 the cli ** x shimmered for what felt like endless minutes , going on and on , until he collapsed on the bed , completely spent . 
 she whispered his name and cuddled into him , stroking his back and kissing his cheek . 
 he floated in a strange space of complete peace and bliss he 'd never known existed in this life plane . 
 stray tears clung to his cheeks but she licked them away , and he was too far gone to care . 
 emotionally and physically wrecked , f ** ked out of his mind , he closed his eyes and surrendered to the nothingness . 
 summer glanced at the clock by the bureau . 
 six am . 
 dawn had broken beyond the bat cave blinds of the bedroom suite . 
 he slept with a peaceful slumber that broke her heart . 
 they 'd woken up a few more times to make love and snuggle , but it had taken him a while to surface after diving into the sub space after his first orgasm . 
 she took in his strong , muscled body , carved chest , olive skin . 
 dark curls tumbled over his forehead and her fingers itched to touch them . 
 a rough five o'clock shadow stubbled his chin with a rough sexiness she craved on a full time basis . 
 oh yeah , i 'm completely screwed . 
 and not in a good way . 
 she 'd fallen in love with rafe steele . 
 she sat up in bed . 
 what had she done ? 
 how had he snuck past her defenses so quickly ? 
 when she 'd visited that club for her orientation , she met many subs and not one had connected with her . 
 her experimentation with play called to her soul , but he 'd ruined her for every man who might follow . 
 unless she asked him to stay . 
 as if reading her mind , he opened his eyes . 
 his smile lit up her insides with a glowing warmth . 
 she wanted the time to treasure him , to show him the exotic world of submission that completed both of their souls . 
 but he needed to have the courage to try and reach out for what he wanted . 
 he needed to take the dare . 
 he pulled her down for a kiss . 
 his lips moved over hers with the knowledge of a lover , and she gave it all back to him before finally pulling away . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 his voice was gritty and rough from sleep . 
 `` it 's morning , '' she said simply . 
 recognition dawned . 
 he sat up , the sheets twisted around his hips . 
 a mix of trepidation and want filled his eyes . 
 `` are you kicking me out of the bed ? '' 
 he tried for humor , but it fell flat in the waiting silence . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 she expected honesty from a sub , but that honesty began with her . 
 `` no . 
 but are you ready to hear what i really want ? '' 
 he squeezed his eyes shut , as if preparing himself . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` i want you . '' 
 the words hung in the room like smoke after a gunfire . 
 `` i never expected to feel like this , but i want to see you again . 
 you 're an incredible man , rafe steele . 
 you have everything i 've always needed in a mate , and after one night i do n't want to let you go . 
 but if you do n't feel the same way about me , i release you . 
 our contract ended at dawn . 
 i will thank you for the most incredible evening of my life , and move on . 
 i will never contact you again , and everything that happened behind these doors will never be mentioned . '' 
 raw emotion glimmered in his eyes . 
 his jaw clenched . 
 unclenched . 
 then the words spilled out of his mouth . 
 `` i do n't want to let you go . 
 i 've never felt like this before . 
 but i do n't know if i can commit to this lifestyle . '' 
 `` i dare you . '' 
 he sucked in his breath . 
 `` dare me to what ? '' 
 `` to be honest with what you want . 
 i 'm not asking you to admit the lifestyle to your brothers or in public . 
 this is private , between us . 
 but i need to know you 'll explore it with me . 
 and give me everything i ask behind closed doors . '' 
 he seemed to struggle between the lure of his fantasy and the fear of reality . 
 her heart pounded and the blood squeezed through her veins . 
 he needed to make his own choice or they could never work . 
 `` i ca n't do it yet , summer . 
 i 'm not ready . '' 
 she acknowledged his limitation and a heavy grief pressed into her limbs . 
 perhaps he would never be ready , but she needed to move down her own path and find her own answers . 
 tears pricked her eyelids . 
 she leaned forward , kissed him , and slid out of bed . 
 `` i understand , i really do . 
 but i ca n't follow you right now . 
 thank you for everything you gave me , i wo n't forget it . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` i wo n't forget you . '' 
 she gathered her clothes and closed the bedroom door behind her . 
 epilogue two weeks later ... rafe watched his brothers tear into a plate of nachos and wash them down with a pair of matching coors lite . 
 his stomach twisted with tension , but he 'd made his decision . 
 he needed to tell his brothers the truth-then get summer preston back into his life and in his bed . 
 when she 'd left , something within him shattered . 
 he 'd pushed past the pain and got back into his old life , but everything changed . 
 dealing cards , sharing a meal with his brothers , and dating a bunch of pretty , nameless women left him cold . 
 his soul gaped open with an empty wound and nothing seemed to fill it . 
 when he 'd looked up private bdsm clubs on the internet and wondered if she had a new sub , the sick anger nearly tore him apart . 
 he belonged to her , and she to him . 
 one night proved she was the woman he wanted to explore that lifestyle with . 
 he wanted her both in and out of the bedroom . 
 he decided his biggest barriers sat beside him in the cracked leather booth , chowing down on appetizers in ignorant bliss . 
 he tipped back his beer bottle for one last swig and faced his brothers . 
 `` i need to tell you guys something . 
 something that 's been bothering me for a long time . '' 
 they shared a look . 
 rick dropped the chip he held in his hand and leaned in . 
 rome nodded with encouragement . 
 `` go ahead , bro . 
 we 're listening . '' 
 their rock solid support surrounded him . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` i 'm a submissive . '' 
 rick raised one blond brow . 
 `` get out . '' 
 his stomach turned but he kept his chin high and met his brother 's stare head on . 
 `` nope . 
 i 've known this for a while now , but i turned chickenshit and refused to admit it . 
 i spent the night with a woman who gave me everything i needed . 
 she wanted more than one night though , and i blew it . 
 but i 'm gon na get her back . '' 
 he pointed a finger at rick . 
 `` i do n't need to take any of your shit about this . '' 
 then he glared at rome . 
 `` from either of you . 
 got it ? '' 
 rome studied him in a thoughtful silence and he inwardly squirmed . 
 his brother wiped his mouth with a napkin , then leaned back in the booth with a big ass grin . 
 `` holy shit , i never even suspected . 
 that 's some secret , bro . 
 no wonder you 've been torn up for the past few years . 
 denying who you are sucks the soul out of you . '' 
 he blinked . 
 `` you understand ? '' 
 `` i 'm surprised , but of course i understand . 
 did you really think otherwise ? '' 
 rome cursed when he saw the truth on his face . 
 `` you actually thought i 'd have a problem with you being a sub ? 
 when my own wife is one ? 
 and rick 's ? '' 
 rafe rubbed his face to hide the sudden heat of embarrassment . 
 `` figured it 'd be different when you heard a man was a sub . 
 kind of odd , do n't you think ? '' 
 rick shook his head , his voice tinged with anger . 
 `` no , i do n't . 
 i see it all the time . 
 i may not swing that way , but i respect the hell out of a man who knows who he is and goes after it . 
 tara and sloane are some of the strongest , kickass women we know . 
 just because they 're subs in the bedroom does n't mean they 're weak . 
 it 's quite the opposite . 
 that 's basic 101 in bdsm . 
 figured you 'd know that already . '' 
 relief poured true and clear from the core of his body . 
 he could n't help the silly grin spreading across his face as he looked at the two men he loved and respected the most in the world . 
 `` thanks , guys . 
 i appreciate the support . '' 
 `` are you going after this woman ? 
 what 's her name ? '' 
 rick asked . 
 `` summer preston . 
 i needed this time to get my head screwed on straight . 
 now i have to find her . '' 
 rome nodded . 
 `` i 'll find her for you . 
 give me an hour and i 'll check the local clubs and find out if they 've seen her . 
 i have a few friends who owe me a favor . '' 
 `` appreciate it . '' 
 `` umm , rafe ? '' 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` how strongly do you feel about this woman ? '' 
 fierce emotion coursed through him at the image of her sweet face hiding a tigress 's soul . 
 `` i think i 'm in love with her . '' 
 rome groaned and pounded his fists on the table . 
 `` this is freaking unbelievable . 
 madame eve strikes again . '' 
 rick laughed and held out his beer in a mocking salute . 
 `` to madame eve and 1night stand . 
 she took on one steele at a time and changed our lives . '' 
 `` let 's just hope the odds are still in my favor . 
 i have a lot of begging to do . '' 
 rafe stood from the booth . 
 rome winced . 
 `` bet you 'll have a sore ass by the time she 's done punishing you for letting her walk in the first place . 
 glad i 'm not you , bro . 
 let me start making calls . '' 
 as his brother flipped out his cell phone , rafe prepared to win the biggest dare of his life . 
 *** `` summer , the scene is ready for you . 
 but i have a new sub out front who insists he needs to speak with you . '' 
 her brow wrinkled in confusion . 
 `` okay . 
 give me two minutes and send him in . '' 
 she finished lacing her spiked boots and adjusted her corset . 
 she may still be uncomfortable in bondage , but the club let her go slow , at her own pace , and gave her enough men to pick from to try different things . 
 as she prepared for her first small , public scene , her heart mourned the only man she ached for . 
 the one who 'd left over two weeks ago . 
 rafe steele . 
 agony speared her gut . 
 she dreamt of him constantly , waking up with her h * ps bucking to empty air , and a wound in her soul that refused to heal . 
 she understood his limits and respected his decision , but it did n't help the longing that choked her when she stared at another man in handcuffs , waiting to obey her . 
 hopefully , she 'd eventually meet someone she could share her days and nights with-a soul mate . 
 but for now , she took it day by day with only one name hovering on the edge of her lips . 
 she shook her head to clear her thoughts and brought herself under control . 
 she 'd already decided on her choice for the display with a young man she felt she could help , but had no idea who 'd want to see her so close to show time . 
 the door opened and she stared at the entrance with curiosity . 
 her heart plummeted with wrenching speed . 
 the image of her dreams stood before her , and she practically choked on her own saliva . 
 his bare chest sported a swirl of dark hair over rich olive skin . 
 he stood with his bare feet spread apart , a tiny black scrap of fabric covering his impressive cock . 
 a raw , pulsing need flooded her and left her shaking . 
 she swallowed hard , and raised her chin high . 
 his dark gaze delved into hers with an intensity that ripped away her breath . 
 she forced herself to speak , the words a husky whisper . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` i 'm here for you , summer . 
 i 'm here to make things right . '' 
 hope rose , but she battled it back , afraid to get hurt again . 
 `` no , you were n't ready for this . '' 
 she swept her hands in the air . 
 `` i ca n't make you be someone you do n't want to be . '' 
 `` the only man i want to be is the one who owns you just as much as you own me . '' 
 `` rafe - '' `` permission to speak , mistress . '' 
 the title fell from his lips and she gasped . 
 her p ** sy clenched , and tears pricked her eyes . 
 the strength and courage it took for him to find her and reveal himself deserved her full attention . 
 `` permission granted , '' she whispered . 
 he closed the distance between them and knelt before her . 
 `` this is n't about getting attached to the first woman who introduced me to this lifestyle . 
 this is about how i feel when i 'm with you . 
 one night and you wrecked my world . 
 i tried to go back to what i considered normal , but i 'm tired of being an empty shell . 
 give me another chance . 
 i want to take you to dinner at my brother 's house . 
 i want to court you with silly flowers , and take you to the movies and share popcorn . 
 i want to hear your dreams and your nightmares , and submit to you in the bedroom . 
 you took part of my soul , and i need it back . '' 
 his gaze glittered with fierceness . 
 `` i dare you , mistress . '' 
 `` dare me to what ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` allow me to take the place of your submissive tonight in the public scene . 
 to claim you as my mistress . '' 
 she closed her eyes against the tears and the joy , shuddering with want and need for the man who knelt by her feet . 
 pulling him upward , she drew his head down for a kiss . 
 his lips took hers , the musky , spicy flavor of male desire swamping her senses . 
 his tongue slipped into her mouth and took everything she had . 
 in that moment , she submitted to him as sweetly as he did to her . 
 `` i accept your dare , '' she murmured against his lips . 
 `` i missed you so much . 
 are you sure you 're ready for this ? '' 
 `` i trust you 'll take care of me . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 she nipped his lower lip playfully . 
 `` you do have a punishment due for allowing me to leave . 
 this will be the perfect time to introduce you to the whip . '' 
 he flinched , but she caught the wild excitement in his eyes . 
 `` that 's what my brother warned me about . '' 
 `` you told them everything ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i want you night and day , summer preston . 
 no more secrets . '' 
 she 'd won the dare of a lifetime . 
 love . 
