 chapter one she 'd been stood up . 
 unbelievable . 
 fern morgan checked her watch , a thin gold affair that always ended up with the face on the underside of her wrist , and wrinkled her nose . 
 yup , forty minutes late and no message . 
 greg had stood her up . 
 great . 
 no doubt he 'd had a better offer . 
 story of her life . 
 her love life was n't just doa , it had been mia for at least the last couple of years . 
 checking out the level in her glass , she abandoned any pretence of being a lady and downed the drink in one swallow . 
 she grimaced . 
 wine had never been her favorite . 
 since it seemed her date was n't going to show his face , the next round would be whatever the hell she wanted . 
 `` vodka and lime , '' she ordered when she had the bartender 's attention , ignoring his pitying look at the fact that she was still alone . 
 he 'd probably seen it all , so there was no point bluffing . 
 a woman did n't sit at a bar-on her own-for almost an hour for kicks and giggles , not a high class one like this . 
 no , this was date territory , a venue classy enough to make that all-important first impression . 
 which meant the decor was first class , as were the prices of the drinks . 
 greg had picked it . 
 bastard . 
 `` vodka for the lady . '' 
 the bartender slid the glass in front of her , the ice inside clinking together as it stopped . 
 `` can i get you anything else ? '' 
 sensing he wanted to hang around and chat , she shook her head . 
 after a long week at work , and the disappointed anticipation of a not-date with greg from acquisitions , she was n't in the mood . 
 all she wanted to do was commune with her drink , get happily buzzed , and head on home to seek consolation in the tub of ice-cream she kept on reserve at the back of the freezer . 
 looking up after the bartender moved off , she caught sight of herself in the mirror behind the bar . 
 the wrong side of thirty , her shift-dress covered a figure with a few more curves than she would have liked . 
 whatever she did , no amount of sweating it out in the gym or starving herself would get those last few stubborn pounds to move , so she 'd given up . 
 her hair was short and sleek , a neat bob that framed her face , the dark color natural . 
 thank god . 
 she could n't do the whole once a month ordeal some women at the office went through to stay blonde , or black , or whatever color they 'd decided they wanted to be . 
 her face was made up , but in the subtle style she preferred . 
 a slick of lippy , a quick flick of eyeliner a la audrey hepburn , some mascara , and she was done . 
 no false lashes here , thank you very much . 
 she 'd tried them once , and ended up with the bloody things stuck to her cheek like damn caterpillars . 
 never again . 
 bored with her reflection-after all , it was nothing new-she took a healthy sip of her drink and savoured the burn as it went down . 
 damn , that was good vodka . 
 no watering down here , that was for sure , which was a bloody good job with these prices . 
 she cast a baleful look at the wine list by her elbow . 
 she earned good money , but these prices were ludicrous . 
 the door at the front of the bar crashed open , and loud male voices announced the arrival of a large group . 
 the bar staff froze for a second before the one nearest to her , the one who had tried to engage her in conversation , groaned . 
 `` great , the sharks . 
 molly , i 'm heading out on my break . '' 
 and with that he was gone , leaving the girl at the other end of the bar shooting a glare full of daggers after him . 
 fern studied the chaos at the front of the bar through the mirror . 
 the strathstow sharks were famous for their abilities on the pitch , the favoured sons of the town when they 'd stormed to victory in the premiership and won the cup , and infamous for their somewhat exuberant nights out in the local bars . 
 they were loud , brash , and could be a pain in the backside when celebrating . 
 if she 'd know they were playing today , she might have thought twice about coming out tonight-date with greg or not . 
 a night in might have worked a lot better . 
 couple of vodkas and a chance to scratch the itch that had been bugging her for months ... christ , she could n't remember the last time she 'd had sex . 
 long days at work and exhaustion had limited her options for meeting prospective partners . 
 thank god for vibrators . 
 without them , she 'd have gone nuts . 
 the crowd moved closer to the bar , filling the empty space next to her as they all tried shouting their orders to the poor , harassed-looking molly all at the same time . 
 fern huffed and shook her head , burying her nose back into her glass . 
 when would they learn that they 'd get their drinks quicker if they organised themselves , and one person ordered ? 
 `` shut the hell up ! '' 
 a voice roared above the melee , and silence fell . 
 interested , she looked over as a man fought his way to the front of the group . 
 like the rest , he was suited and booted , but in his case , the smart jacket barely contained a powerful physique . 
 shorter than the rest , he had a set of shoulders on him as big as a barn , and a vicious bruise decorated one cheekbone . 
 despite that , it was obvious he was the man in charge . 
 quickly , he collected orders and relayed them to molly behind the bar in a low voice fern could n't make out over the baying of the others as they pushed and jostled . 
 shaking her head , she took another swallow from her drink and tried to ignore them . 
 as soon as she was done , she was out of here in search of a tub of ben and jerry 's and a dvd . 
 something with explosions and car chases should do it ... * tom sexton took his drink with a sigh of relief and turned to check that the rest of the lads were settled . 
 he loved nights out with the squad , especially after a tough game like today , but it could be bloody hard work at times . 
 on the pitch , they worked like a well-oiled machine , chewing up and spitting out any team that dared oppose them , but off it and out on the town , it was like herding ferrets-ones with adhd and tourette 's . 
 but miracle of miracles , now that they all had a pint or other libation of choice in hand , they appeared to be behaving . 
 casting an experienced eye over the known trouble-makers to ensure they were all well apart , tom allowed himself to relax a little and took a drink . 
 the aged bourbon left a trail of fire as it slid down to his stomach . 
 he sucked a breath in around it . 
 good stuff . 
 proper whiskey , just as he liked it , which was the reason that he 'd insisted they come here . 
 some of the lads picked right dives , which was alright if you were into cheap beer and cheaper women . 
 talking of women , his gaze slid past the two blondes carson was trying to chat up , and to the brunette at the end of the bar . 
 petite , the figure under the black dress full of the sort of curves he preferred . 
 even now , he itched to run his hands along her waist and out over the cello curve of her hips . 
 a shudder of heat rolled through him as he surveyed her over the rim of his glass , plotting his approach . 
 despite his appearance , and he was the first to admit that stuffed into this bloody jacket , his broad shoulders and heavy chest gave him the appearance of a thug , he was a thinker . 
 the first to spot and call plays on the pitch , he directed the front row with the ruthlessness of a war-general , smashing the opposition 's defence and creating opportunities for the back row to storm to victory . 
 and any victory , on or off the pitch , depended on the right approach . 
 his quarry turned on the stool , the turn of a slender ankle captivating him for a heartbeat before he realised she 'd gathered her bag and was preparing to leave . 
 oh , no sweetheart , we 're not having any of that . 
 i have n't gotten to know you yet . 
 and i intend to get to know you a lot better . 
 like the shark he wore on his shirt , he slid through the group around him and cut off her retreat before she 'd taken a step away from the stool . 
 `` hey . '' 
 she stumbled mid-step and trod on his toe , obviously not expecting anyone to be so close . 
 `` oh ! 
 sorry , i did n't see you there . '' 
 a hint of perfume reached his nose , delicate and haunting . 
 he 'd thought she 'd be pretty . 
 he was wrong . 
 she was stunning . 
 dark eyes tilted up at the corners , cat-like , set over a button nose and a pair of bee-stung lips that looked kissable soft . 
 unlike the hanger-ons crowding the bar , she was n't plastered in makeup , her natural beauty drawing him like a moth to the flame . 
 a cap of dark hair framed her face . 
 his fingers itched to reach out , touch it to see if it was as silky as it looked , and to run through it , gripping it as he angled her head so he could claim her lips . 
 her hair fell forward , covering her face as she looked down at his foot , and bouncing back as she glanced back up at him . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 i did n't mean to trample you . 
 i did n't hurt you , did i ? '' 
 if she had n't looked so worried , he might have laughed at the idea a little thing like her could have hurt him . 
 hell , she could run over him in full studs , and it would n't bother him , not after the rest of the elephants on the team tried it in training regularly . 
 with her , it would just be kinky . 
 he smiled . 
 his best , panty-remover , charming smile . 
 `` well , that depends . '' 
 the delicate arch of her eyebrow rose , her lips pursing a little in a way that fascinated him . 
 `` depends ? 
 on what ? '' 
 her questions were blunt and direct , without a hint of a giggle or other coyness he was used to when dealing with women on a night out . 
 as he 'd thought as soon as he saw her , she was cut from a different cloth to the normal class of women who pursued the sharks . 
 then again , that might be because she was n't chasing him , he was chasing her . 
 and with every second , he was growing more determined to catch her . 
 `` on whether or not you let me get you another . '' 
 he flicked a glance to the empty glass behind her and dropped his voice , risking a small move closer . 
 `` you 'd be doing me a big favor . 
 half this lot wants to talk about cars , and the other half just wants to chat up women . 
 i 'm dying for some intelligent conversation here . '' 
 triumph hit him when she smiled and nodded . 
 `` hmm , okay . 
 i guess i have time for one more drink . '' 
 `` thank you . 
 you 've saved me from insanity , seriously . 
 i 'm tom . 
 i 'm with the sharks , but i guess you already knew that , '' he said , and kicked himself . 
 so much for mr. cool . 
 `` i 'm babbling , are n't i ? '' 
 she chuckled , a dirty little sound that hit him right in the groin , and nodded . 
 `` maybe a little . 
 i 'm fern . 
 pleased to meet you , tom . '' 
 `` likewise . '' 
 he turned her back to the bar with a gentle hand on her waist , angling his body to cut off the rest of the squad 's view . 
 he was n't normally so anti-social , but he did n't want to share her with anyone . 
 with a quick gesture , he signalled the girl behind the bar to bring more drinks . 
 `` fern . 
 a pretty name for a pretty lady . '' 
 `` smooth talker . '' 
 despite her come-back , a faint flush rose on her cheeks , proving she was n't immune to his compliments . 
 `` i did n't hurt your foot , did i ? '' 
 he slid her a sideways glance and winked . 
 `` would i lie about something like that ? 
 it 's throbbing something fierce . '' 
 throbbing-like something else . 
 keeping a smile on his face , he tried to clamp down his body 's reaction , but her perfume winding around him and the curve under his hand stopped it . 
 he was as stiff as a f ** king goalpost and so ready for action that if they were alone right now , he 'd have that dress off and her under him in a heartbeat . 
 `` yeah , sure it does . 
 next , you 'll be asking me to rub it better . '' 
 fuck me . 
 his mind on a different track , he almost spat the mouthful he 'd just taken across the bar , managing to swallow at the last moment and half choking himself in the process . 
 she grinned as he coughed and spluttered , offering him a napkin , the light in her eyes proving she knew exactly what he 'd been thinking . 
 `` saucy witch , '' he muttered , wiping his mouth and looking at her with a keener gaze . 
 oh , this one was much more intelligent than the usual bimbos who crowded around the team . 
 with a thrill , he realised he 'd have to step up his game . 
 `` witch is it ? 
 be careful or i 'll put a spell on you . '' 
 her tone was light and flirtatious as she picked up her glass and took a sip . 
 `` sweet thing , you can put a spell on me any time you want . '' 
 he moved closer , sliding his hand around her waist until he could feel the heat of her body beating against his through their clothes . 
 she did n't argue , just watched him over the rim of her glass . 
 emboldened , he stroked his thumb against the curve there , a soft caress but one that signaled his interest . 
 she made a show of looking around at the rest of the bar . 
 the fact that she had to rise on tip-toe to look over his shoulder fed his male ego . 
 not as tall as the rest of the squad , his lack of height did n't bother him , but she was so tiny that he felt huge next to her . 
 he 'd have to be careful not to hurt her . 
 and just like that his mind headed for the gutter again , feeding him images of the two of them locked in passion , her slender figure spread out nak * d beneath him , over him , in front of him ... `` oh no , i could n't possibly cast a spell in here . 
 too many people . '' 
 no f ** king way . 
 she did not just hand him an opportunity like that . 
 startled , he looked at her . 
 her chin was tilted up , set in a defiant line , and she watched him , an expectant look in her eyes . 
 shit . 
 she had . 
 she knew exactly what she 'd just said . 
 `` well . 
 we could go somewhere more ... '' he lowered his voice and tugged on her waist until she was flush against him . 
 her lips parted in surprise as their h * ps met , his c * ck hard in the prison of his pants and more than ready for action . 
 `` private . 
 if you 'd like . '' 
 he waited , giving her the chance to back out . 
 to step away , smile and make her excuses . 
 he was no oil painting , and he knew it , but he had more than enough stamina to give her the best night of her life . 
 hell , with how horny he felt right now , the best week of her life , if he could persuade her to stay nak * d in his bed that long . 
 she swallowed , the confident mask slipping and granting him a glimpse of the woman beneath . 
 a small tremor rolled through her body , and his heart softened . 
 she was nervous . 
 why , looking the way she did , he had no clue , but she was . 
 slow so as not to scare her off , he tucked a finger under her chin and lifted it . 
 he bent his head , senses on alert for the first sign of tension in her body , and brushed his lips over hers . 
 they were soft , sweet , and oh-so enticing . 
 schooling the groan that wanted to break loose from his throat , he kissed her again . 
 one kiss , two . 
 slow . 
 innocent . 
 he kept things light , although all he wanted to do was crowd her back against the bar and kiss her to within an inch of her life . 
 lifting his head before the temptation grew too great , he looked down . 
 the dazed , sultry look on her face nearly did him in then and there . 
 his c * ck jerked savagely , a wave of possessiveness washing over him so complete that he almost staggered under the force of it . 
 he leaned down to whisper into her ear . 
 `` say something now , or i 'm going to take you home and screw you senseless . '' 
 chapter two what the hell was she doing ? 
 fern fell silent as tom took her hand and led her from the bar . 
 he stopped for a second to talk with another man , one built like a small mountain . 
 she could n't do more than offer the guy a tight-lipped smile , heat burning into her cheeks like napalm . 
 it had to be obvious what they were up to . 
 god , how embarrassing . 
 before she could chicken out though , tom led her out of the bar . 
 she shivered as the night air hit her , her thin dress scant protection again the cold . 
 `` here , let me . '' 
 he shucked his jacket and draped it over her shoulders . 
 warmth and the scent of his cologne , sharp citrus and sandalwood , surrounded her . 
 she breathed a sigh of pleasure but frowned , starting to shrug out of it . 
 `` but you 'll get cold . 
 take it back . '' 
 `` cold ? 
 this ? 
 this is mild compared to what we train in . '' 
 he wrapped the jacket about her with a tight grip on the lapels . 
 leaning down , he kissed her again . 
 a lingering kiss that was over too soon . 
 her lips tingled as he lifted his head , and she could n't help a pout of frustration . 
 he rumbled , a low sound of amusement from deep in his broad chest . 
 `` soon , i promise . 
 riggs is calling us a cab , but it 'll take a couple of minutes to get here so how about you come over here and keep me warm . '' 
 keeping his grip on the jacket , he walked backward until he leaned against the wall , pulling her closer . 
 she stepped between his spread thighs , hands splayed over his chest for balance , but he carried on tugging her until she rested against his hard body . 
 she bit her lip at the leashed power in his frame , the muscles beneath her hands corded and tense . 
 she 'd never considered herself the delicate type of female , apt to swoon at the mere presence of a man , but wrapped in his arms , she felt tiny and feminine . 
 he surrounded her , his body language both protective and possessive . 
 he held her close , one hand sliding to the nape of her neck while the other slid down the length of her back to cup her ass in a bold move . 
 she gasped as he pulled her flush with his h * ps again , his interest pressing hard into her belly . 
 sparks of arousal fizzed through her veins , tingling along every inch of her skin and settling low in her abdomen . 
 an achy , nervous feeling as though a thousand hyper-active butterflies took up residence . 
 his lips curved towards a smile as he looked down at her , still taller even though he was in a slight squat against the wall . 
 she liked that , liked that he was so tall and powerful . 
 the light in his blue eyes was warm , with a hint of darkness lurking behind them . 
 a heated darkness she wanted to see much more of . 
 he bent his head , nudging at her nose with his , more a nuzzle than anything , before he claimed her lips . 
 again , he was soft and gentle , but the tension in the musles beneath her hands told a different story . 
 he was holding back , and she did n't want that . 
 she wanted all that power unleashed . 
 wanted to feel it , taste it . 
 so she moved in , pressing against his h * ps with hers to trap his hard c * ck between them . 
 sliding her hands up to his shoulders , she kissed him back , angling her head and parting her lips in invitation . 
 he growled , a low sound deep in the center of his chest that she more felt than heard . 
 his fingers tightened , gripping the rounded globe of her ass as he took her up on her offer . 
 his tongue slid past her lips to stroke along hers , and she became a victim of her own plot . 
 pleasure and anticipation rolled through her in equal measures as he lazily kissed her . 
 he did n't push , did n't touch her up or grope , just kissed her , as though she was the only woman in existence . 
 gently , as he learned the shape of her lips and thoroughly , as though he were committing them to memory . 
 she could get used to this , the way he held her and kissed her tapping into something deep within her . 
 her breath caught when he pulled back , teeth grazing against the full curve of her lower lip . 
 her hands became claws to mangle the collar of his shirt . 
 she moaned in frustration when he pulled away and tried to drag him back . 
 he rumbled in amusement , dropped a quick kiss on her upturned lips , and stood straight . 
 `` shh , it 's okay . 
 just the cab . 
 come on , before you get too cold . '' 
 there was fat chance of that , she mused as he led her across to the cab parked at the curbside , his arm firm around her waist . 
 which was a good thing , since her legs did n't appear to be working at the moment . 
 not due to the alcohol . 
 anticipation and the cold air had burnt that out of her system as soon as they 'd left the bar . 
 no , it was all him and his soft approach . 
 it was so different to what she 'd expected of him , of a rugby player , and was so sexy and seductive that she was hooked . 
 totally and utterly hooked . 
 she did n't catch the address he gave when they were settled into the back of the cab , but she was n't worried . 
 the whole bar had seen them leave , and it was n't like he was hard to identify , not built the way he was . 
 besides , she felt safe with him , a knowledge that arrived from nowhere but a gut feeling she trusted . 
 there was something about his manner , the way he looked at her and touched her that told her he would protect her with his life if need be . 
 leaning back as the car pulled off , he pulled her back into his arms . 
 she went happily , settling into his side , her head pillowed by his muscled arm . 
 `` you warm enough ? '' 
 he leaned into her , keeping his voice low . 
 his warm breath whispered against her ear , and she nodded , feeling like she was caught up in a little cocoon that contained just the two of them . 
 the journey passed in silence . 
 not a comfortable one , but one super-charged with awareness . 
 his thumb stroked down her arm , the pressure felt even through the layers of his jacket , and he reached out with his free hand to capture hers . 
 half turned on the seat , he surrounded her , his broad shoulders blocking her view out of his side , but he did n't kiss her , not on the mouth . 
 his lips grazed her temple in small caresses that kept her blood simmering . 
 what would he be like in bed ? 
 soft and gentle ? 
 slow but determined ? 
 a shiver hit her as her p ** sy clenched hard in anticipation . 
 the car turned left into a residential street , and pulled up outside an apartment block set a little way back off the road . 
 `` just a minute , mate . '' 
 he moved his fingers under her chin to make her look up at him . 
 restrained heat and control swirled in his eyes , the light color reflecting the street lamps outside . 
 `` last chance , fern . 
 i can have the guy take you home now . '' 
 his lips quirked . 
 `` as long as you give me your number , because i 'd really like to see you again . 
 or you can come in . '' 
 she bit her lip for a second , trying to calm the shiver that held her body in its thrall . 
 `` and if i do ? '' 
 would he still want to see her after ? 
 triumph flared in his eyes , followed by a heat so intense her ovaries threatened to spontaneously combust . 
 `` then you 're all mine . '' 
 * the wait as fern made her mind up all but killed tom . 
 somehow he managed not to kiss her until she agreed to anything he wanted . 
 given her responses to him outside the bar , he knew he could . 
 easy . 
 just the thought of kissing her again had his c * ck pulsing , and his balls pulled up tight . 
 god , what was he going to do if she said she wanted to go home ? 
 he 'd let her go , even if the very thought had all his instincts demanding that he haul her out of the car , throw her over his shoulder , and carry her off so he could make her his . 
 not the actions of a civilised man , but around her , he did n't feel civilised at all . 
 he felt barbaric . 
 she was his . 
 even if he had to woo her over weeks ... months ... he would get her into his bed . 
 but he 'd have the worst case of blue balls ever , if she decided to go home now . 
 `` okay . '' 
 there it was , that one little word . 
 his breath punched out of his chest in a rush , relief making him light-headed for a second . 
 she wanted to come in . 
 thank f ** k for that . 
 planting a quick , hard kiss on her lips , all he would allow himself , he turned toward the driver and handed him a twenty . 
 `` thanks , mate . 
 keep the change . '' 
 he shoved the door open and helped her from the car as quickly as he could without yanking her out . 
 the cab pulled off , and he breathed a little easier . 
 she could n't change her mind now . 
 he had her ... would have her . 
 a small hand slid into his , and he looked down . 
 she smiled up at him , face pale in the street lights . 
 `` you looked so fierce then , i thought you were about to throw me over your shoulder and carry me off to your cave . '' 
 the words were light and joking , but made him pause . 
 what was she , some kind of mind-reader ? 
 `` believe me , where you 're concerned , i 've been having some very primitive thoughts . '' 
 tightening his grip around her hand , he headed for the front door to his apartment block . 
 there were just four units , and he 'd never been so glad as he was now that he had a ground-floor apartment . 
 there was no way he 'd have been able to stand in an elevator with her without stripping her clothes off and taking her right there against the wall . 
 his control was n't that good . 
 hell , around her , it was completely f ** king shredded . 
 `` really now ? '' 
 she trotted to keep up with him as he turned right and headed down the corridor to his place . 
 `` dare i ask what sort of primitive thoughts ? '' 
 lord , give him strength . 
 reaching his front door , tom stopped , but instead of reaching into his pocket for his keys , he turned , yanking on her hand so that she ended up in his arms . 
 she gasped at the sudden move , the look in her eyes pushing his control as he eased her back against the wall . 
 unlike outside the bar , he pressed into her , using the weight and strength in his body to hold her , one hand at her waist and the other braced above her head . 
 his lips crashed down on hers , and he kissed her as he 'd wanted to earlier . 
 long and deep , until she writhed and moaned against him . 
 after long moments , he lifted his head . 
 `` does that answer your question ? '' 
 wide-eyed , the expression on her face sexily dazed , she nodded . 
 she bit her lip , pulling the lush lower curve into her mouth as though tasting his kiss . 
 he groaned . 
 `` holy hell , fern . 
 do n't do that or we wo n't get inside . '' 
 putting distance between them , he fumbled in his pocket for his keys . 
 his hand shook as he shoved the right one home and twisted . 
 the door opened , and he somehow managed to remove the key without breaking it off in the lock . 
 stepping back , he let her walk past him before he shut the door . 
 come into my parlor , said the spider to the fly . 
 not switching the lights on , he followed her into the main room , flooded with moonlight from the open curtains . 
 she stopped in the middle of the floor , not looking around . 
 her head was tilted to the side as he came up behind her , tracking his movements-waiting for him . 
 cupping her arms , he slid his hands down until he encircled her wrists in his fingers . 
 so delicate and tiny , he could break her if he was n't careful . 
 a shiver whispered over her skin , but she did n't move away . 
 she stepped back until her back met his chest . 
 he let go of her wrists and stroked both hands up her arms , the differences arousing him further . 
 she was all soft curves and satin skin compared to his bulk and muscle . 
 leaning down , he pulled her hair to the side and pressed a kiss to her throat . 
 the scent of her perfume was stronger here , warmed by her skin , and her pulse fluttered beneath . 
 `` do you want a drink ? '' 
 he asked , trailing a line of kisses up her neck to just behind her ear . 
 it was unfair , and he knew it was . 
 he was a bad host , but now that he had her here , he could n't stop touching her . 
 `` no . '' 
 she gave a tiny shake of her head , and then tilted it to the side , resting against the swell of his shoulder and biceps to give him access to the delicate length of her neck . 
 `` no drink . '' 
 thank fuck . 
 he 'd have spilled boiling water over himself if he 'd tried something as advanced as making a hot drink . 
 alcohol would have been easier , but she was already tipsy . 
 he did n't want her drunk . 
 he wanted her awake and aware when he made her his . 
 `` i hoped you 'd say that . '' 
 turning her in his arms , he took her bag from her hands , tossed it onto the sofa , and lifted her into his arms . 
 she squeaked and clung to his shoulders . 
 `` tom , put me down . 
 i 'm way too heavy ! '' 
 chuckling , he shook his head and headed toward the bedroom . 
 `` little thing like you ? 
 do n't be ridiculous . 
 you 've seen the other guys on the team . 
 i throw them about daily . 
 you 're nothing . '' 
 shouldering the door open , he stepped into his bedroom , thanking any gods that were listening that he 'd changed the linen this morning . 
 fresh , crisp sheets adorned the bed , the duvet pulled down in invitation . 
 he came to a stop next to it . 
 `` shoes off , love . '' 
 her eyes were dark as she did as he asked , toeing one off and then the other . 
 she was n't wearing pantyhose , her legs bare against his arm where he clasped her under her knees . 
 good . 
 pantyhose were the least sexy thing he could think of . 
 while he had her pegged as a stockings type of girl , the less wrapping he had to take off her , the better . 
 `` you 're beautiful . 
 how did i get so lucky ? '' 
 he slid her down the front of his body , feeling every curve and hollow , until the luscious curve of her br ** sts mashed against the solid expanse of his chest . 
 her fingers threaded through the hair on the back of his neck , her entire body pressed against him . 
 he closed his eyes for a second as a shudder rolled through him . 
 the brush of her fingers on his cheek made him look at her . 
 her lips were pursed in concern as she examined the injury there . 
 truth be told , he 'd forgotten about it . 
 `` poor wounded warrior . 
 you must get really beat up on the pitch , '' she said , reaching up on tiptoe to press a kiss to his cheek . 
 he intercepted the next one , her sweet lips landing on his again . 
 the taste of her exploded on his tongue when he parted her lips and drove inside . 
 her hands stroked over his shoulders , and played with the buttons on his shirt . 
 her fingertips dipped under the fabric to brush against his chest in maddening little brushes . 
 he growled against her lips , feeling his control beginning to slip . 
 when he could n't take anymore , he moved , capturing her hands in one of his . 
 `` my turn to touch . '' 
 it had to be , or this was going to be the quickest f ** k she 'd ever had , and he did n't want that . 
 he wanted to drag it out , go slow and savour the experience . 
 he had one chance to make a first impression with her , and he was determined to make it a good one , to make sure that he was the standard by which she measured all other men by from this day forwards . 
 biting back the surge of jealous anger at the thought of her with someone else , he located the zipper at her spine and pulled the tab down . 
 it gave with a rasp , the sound a low whisper in the room . 
 he watched her as he pulled it all the way , noting the changes in her eyes . 
 the growing heat and darkness . 
 the tiny hitch in her breathing . 
 her gaze dropped to his lips , her own parting . 
 `` do you know what you do to me , looking like that ? '' 
 he had no idea what he was saying . 
 he was talking shit but did n't care . 
 she was gorgeous , and he had no idea what she saw in an ugly son of a bitch like him , but he was n't going to argue . 
 no way , no how . 
 with shaking fingers , he peeled her dress from her shoulders and let it fall to the ground until she was left standing in front of him in her underwear . 
 stunned , he just looked at her . 
 beauty , brains and a body like that ? 
 he 'd hit the f ** king jackpot . 
 chapter three oh my god . 
 she 'd forgotten how nerve-racking letting a guy see her body for the first time could be . 
 biting her lip , fern fought the urge to cover herself with her hands as she stood in front of tom . 
 she was n't in the worst shape , but not the best either , so the thought of him seeing her wobbly bits brought instant heat to her cheeks . 
 unable to stand it anymore , she spread her hands to cover up . 
 `` no . 
 i want to see you . '' 
 he moved like lightning , grasping her hands and holding them out to the side . 
 his face had been in shadow before , but the movement brought him into the dim light offered by the blinds at the window . 
 desire tightened his features , heat and a wicked darkness in his eyes that made her shiver . 
 he stepped back , into shadow again , but she could still feel his eyes on her , noting everything about her appearance . 
 she felt like some medieval servant girl brought in to pleasure her lord . 
 biting her lip again , she jumped when he growled at her . 
 an honest-to-goodness primal male growl . 
 `` do that again ... '' he warned , letting go of her wrists to start unbuttoning his shirt . 
 it was her turn to be captivated , her attention riveted on each piece of skin revealed to her . 
 he was perfection itself . 
 and hers ... for tonight anyway . 
 she would n't let herself think beyond that . 
 `` on the bed , slowly . '' 
 backing up , her knees hit the edge of the mattress , and she scooted backward , unable to look away . 
 he reached the last button and stripped the shirt off . 
 she swallowed . 
 he was huge , his broad shoulders and wide chest packed with muscles . 
 muscles on muscles , all under smooth skin . 
 a smattering of hair peppered his chest . 
 more than she was used to seeing , but not too much . 
 she itched to touch , still sitting up and fighting the urge to reach out . 
 `` lie down , '' he ordered softly as his hands went for his belt . 
 `` i want to see you spread over my bed . '' 
 where he would take her , that hard powerful body moving over and within hers ... she swallowed , her throat dry , and lay back as requested . 
 she did n't even worry about laying seductively , the strip-tease going on right in front of her fried her brain cells . 
 she could n't look away as he undid the belt , not sliding it free to draw it out and tease her , just leaving it hanging loose as he unzipped the dress pants . 
 he was n't commando . 
 the breath she had n't realised she held escaped her lungs in a rush as he pushed the pants down , shucking his shoes and socks off in the same movement . 
 a guy taking his pants off was n't a sexy sight , and to his credit , he did n't even try , just dumping the clothing and approaching the bed . 
 he wore tight cotton boxers , black ones , but even in the low light filtering through the blinds she could see the thick bar of his c * ck pressing against the fabric . 
 heat and doubt hit her at the same moment . 
 he looked way bigger than he 'd felt when she was pressed against him , and it had been a long time since she 'd done this . 
 the mattress dipped next to her , and he pulled her back into his arms . 
 she went eagerly and nestled against his larger body as he wrapped her in his embrace . 
 a wash of heat hit her as skin slid over skin . 
 she tilted her chin up , seeking his kiss again . 
 she was n't an innocent , but she 'd never felt as delicate and feminine as she did in his arms . 
 safe and secure . 
 protected and desired all at once . 
 it was a heady feeling . 
 his lips feathered over hers , the illusion of softness fleeting as he parted her lips with a decisive sweep of his tongue and drove inside . 
 her whimper of pleasure was lost in his mouth as he explored hers . 
 it was a deeper , harder kiss , like the one he 'd given her by the front door . 
 wriggling against him , her hands clutched at the solidness of his arms as she tried to get closer . 
 he murmured in approval , sliding one arm under her neck while the free hand slid down her thigh and pulled her leg up over his hip . 
 she gasped , and moaned in pleasure as the position pressed his groin hard against hers . 
 the thick , solid length of his c * ck rubbed against her , stroking her engorged cl * t through the layers of fabric that separated them until she saw fireworks behind her closed lids . 
 `` you 're so damn sexy , '' he muttered , voice muffled against her neck as he worked his way down . 
 his h * ps rocked against hers , and he reached back up to hook strong fingers under her bra strap . 
 his breathing was ragged as he yanked it down , the sharp bite of the elastic the first hint of roughness he 'd displayed . 
 tension held his body taut , but the tremor that laced the hard muscles told her he was on the edge of his control . 
 she smiled , the expression , a mere curve of her lips , lost when he rolled her to the side and unsnapped the clasp between her shoulder blades . 
 with a sweep of his hand , the bra was gone , her br ** sts uncovered for his gaze and touch . 
 `` so pretty , '' he groaned , his voice thick . 
 she mewled , arching her back as he laid a gentle kiss next to her nipple . 
 an almost innocent touch that fired her up . 
 liquid arousal slipped from her p ** sy to dampen her panties , a rush of heat that made him moan and shove his groin hard against hers . 
 the next touch was n't so innocent . 
 his tongue laved her nipple , and as she was reeling from the sensation as he pulled it into his mouth and suckled . 
 pleasure exploded through her body , and then collapsed in on itself to center deep in her core . 
 her p ** sy clenched , a hard ache taking up residence in her feminine channel . 
 she needed to be filled , needed him to fill her as instincts as old as time took over . 
 wrapping her hands around his thick upper arms was n't possible , so she just held on as best she could while he divided his attention between her br ** sts . 
 he cupped and caressed them . 
 she was n't built small by any stretch of the imagination , but he held her easily . 
 a perfect fit . 
 arching her back to allow him better access , she did n't expect him to slide a hand down her stomach , heading south . 
 all her breath left her lungs in a gasp as he got her undivided attention . 
 but he did n't rush in , instead drawing circles on her stomach with his fingertips as he worked his way back up to her neck . 
 the scrape of his stubble against her sensitive flesh made her shiver , but she did n't have time to dwell on it . 
 his lips covered hers at the same moment he slipped his fingers beneath her panties . 
 secure in his reception , he did n't beat around the bush . 
 his strong fingers dipped into her cleft , dragging the juices of her arousal up and around her clit . 
 she keened , the sound lost as he took over the kiss , his lips more masterful than he 'd been before . 
 he rubbed and stroked her clit , demanding a response with his lips and tongue at the same time until she did n't know which way was up . 
 floating in a sea of pleasure , she clung to him and followed where he led , trusting him to take them where they needed to go . 
 her h * ps moved against his hand , seeking more of what she needed . 
 he rumbled in pleasure , the sound a vibration against her body and shifted , using a hard knee to part her thighs further . 
 before she could wonder what he was about , he parted her folds and slid a thick finger deep inside her . 
 she pulled free of his lips with a soundless moan . 
 the cli ** x that had been hovering on the wings thundered closer , circling her with relentless purpose . 
 her p ** sy clenched hard around his invading digit , and she tapped his arms . 
 `` tom ... i 'm goin ' ... too close . '' 
 she wanted him inside her when she came . 
 wanted to feel him filling her , to tip her over the edge into release . 
 his lips grazed her neck , nuzzling the sweet spot under her ear that turned her knees to mush . 
 `` just let it go . 
 come for me , sweet thing . 
 let me bring you pleasure . '' 
 his low voice , the whispered words , and the kiss laid gently on her lips were a delicious counterpoint to the sudden thrust as he slid a second finger into her p ** sy to join the first . 
 she cried out as her world shattered around her , pleasure running like fire and ice through her veins . 
 it was too much , she could n't keep it all in . 
 her h * ps rocked against his hand as he thrust and withdrew , adding the pressure of his thumb against her cl * t to heighten her pleasure . 
 she rode the high , burying her face into his strong neck as he played her body , drawing the cli ** x out . 
 when the waves ebbed , he pulled away . 
 she moaned in the back of her throat when he slid off the bed , missing the strong warmth of his body as she floated in the aftermath of her release . 
 fabric rustled , the distinctive sound of a foil packet being ripped telling her what he was about . 
 she opened her eyes as he returned , planting a knee between hers , to cover her . 
 she smiled , reaching up to stroke her hand down his jaw , the stubble covered skin rough against her palm . 
 the look on his face was hard and feral , a primitive look that made her shiver . 
 `` i 'll go slow . 
 i promise -- '' she was well ahead of him , sliding a hand down to wrap around his cock . 
 the fact that he 'd protected them both without assuming she was on the pill endeared him to her . 
 using a firm grip , she stroked , marvelling at his length and width . 
 god , she could n't wait to get that inside her . 
 if it would all fit . 
 he groaned , a muffled expletive leaving his lips so crude that in any other circumstances she might have blushed . 
 now she took it as an indicator of how close he was to losing control . 
 and she was right . 
 after a couple of strokes , he grabbed her wrist , stilling her hand . 
 `` you need to stop , love . 
 unless you want a real short , fast fuck . '' 
 letting go , she lay back , parting her legs further as he moved to settle himself between them . 
 the head of his sheath-covered c * ck pressed against the entrance to her cunt , and he started to thrust . 
 she sucked a quick breath in as the broad tip breeched her entrance , forcing her p ** sy wide to accept him . 
 god , he was big . 
 she felt every inch of his invading shaft pressing against her inner walls as he pushed into her , every so often pulling back to bear down again . 
 working his way into her in short , sea-saw movements until he was seated to the hilt . 
 he stopped , gathering her into his arms as her p ** sy throbbed and fluttered around him . 
 she closed her eyes , wallowing in the sensation and a sudden pang hit her . 
 it felt so right . 
 she never wanted to let him go . 
 but that was stupid , there was no way he 'd want her for more than a night . 
 he kissed her temple , murmuring low words she could n't make out over the roaring of her blood in her ears . 
 she 'd never felt so filled , so stretched before . 
 it was almost verging on uncomfortable . 
 but almost as soon as the sensation registered , it eased off , leaving her with the need to move . 
 `` shh , hold on . 
 just give me a moment . '' 
 he grabbed her h * ps when she started to move , holding her still . 
 `` you 're so damn tight . '' 
 biting her lip , she tried to do as she was told but her body had a mind of its own . 
 little rocks of her h * ps against his had them both gasping . 
 with a curse , he let go of her h * ps and pulled his own back . 
 the sensation as he pulled out almost all the way set a new bar in exquisite . 
 then he thrust back in , a quick fast slide until their h * ps met again , and she lost the ability to think . 
 `` oh god , yes . 
 more , '' she begged , wrapping her legs around his hips . 
 he grunted , bracing his hands either side of her head , and gave her what she wanted . 
 what she needed . 
 bending every inch of his big , powerful body to pleasure , he moved over her . 
 short , hard thrusts followed by slow slides that drove her out of her mind . 
 their breathing grew ragged , the slide and slap of skin on skin , the sounds of sex , filled the room . 
 moans escaped her throat to combine with his deeper groans in a primal harmony as they strained against each other . 
 each motion feeding the fire that grew between them until a roll of his h * ps brought her to the edge again . 
 she gasped , body tense . 
 `` oh ... i. . . '' 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 he wrapped his arms around her , rolling on the bed until she was astride him . 
 the sudden movement made her gasp , the change in position causing all new and interesting sensations as his c * ck stroked in her tight p ** sy . 
 `` i want to watch your face as you come , '' he growled , hands on her h * ps to lift her up , and drive her down over his cock , impaling her on the thick length . 
 she cried out , his name on her lips as her p ** sy clenched tight around him , milking his c * ck in rhythmic waves . 
 he growled , lips pulled back from his teeth and all the cords in his neck and shoulder standing in high relief . 
 his fingers bit into her h * ps as he slammed up into her-a few short , hard thrusts before he snarled her name and went rigid , his c * ck jerking and pulsing in her depths as he found his own release . 
 chapter four last night had been the best sex of his life . 
 ever . 
 thanks to his training schedule , tom was used to waking early , and this morning was no exception . 
 warm and comfortable , he wrapped his arm around fern 's waist , her curvy body curled against his . 
 poor girl , he 'd kept her away all night , unable to get enough of her . 
 and still he was half hard now , c * ck ready to go at moment 's notice . 
 it was like he had n't had sex for bloody years , and was gorging himself before the treat was taken away . 
 he looked down in the growing light . 
 the sight of her there , lost on the wide expanse of the bed with her hair spread out around her head like a dark halo hit him like a shoulder to the gut . 
 what would it be like to wake to her there every day ? 
 as the thought hit him , he knew he wanted to make it a reality . 
 he 'd always scoffed whenever anyone mentioned love at first sight , but now he was forced to re-think his opinion . 
 his strategy for getting her into his bed had worked , so now he needed a new one to get her to stay with him longer . 
 dropping a kiss on her temple , he slid from under the covers . 
 a shower and then breakfast in bed should endear her to seeing him again . 
 he paused just inside the bathroom , a sinking feeling wrapping itself around his heart . 
 shit . 
 what if she 'd only wanted a one-night stand ? 
 god , that would suck . 
 he had to face facts . 
 she was beautiful , classy , and intelligent . 
 she could do way better than him . 
 after dealing with business , he leaned his hands against the sink to study his reflection in the mirror . 
 a couple of inches shy of six feet , his body reflected his choice of career as hooker for a premier league club . 
 he was heavily built and packed with muscle , particularly his shoulders and neck . 
 right at the front of the pack , he and the rest of the front row took the pressure of the entire opposition team pushing against them in a scrum , as well as that of the sharks pushing the other way . 
 it was like a game of piggy in the middle , with men as big as cars . 
 he reached up . 
 his nose had been broken at least three times and his ears got taped down during a game , or he had to have them syringed . 
 even so , the hard swelling in the left was never going away . 
 all in all , he looked like the bruiser he was . 
 sighing , he dropped his head , there was no way she was after more than a bit of fun and a chance to bed a shark . 
 he was a notch on her bedpost , not the other way around . 
 his mood weighing him down , he switched the shower on and stepped in . 
 he ducked under the spray and stayed there , eyes closed . 
 the sound might wake her , but hell , that would just give her the chance to escape without having to deal with him if she wanted . 
 perhaps it was for the best . 
 `` hey , tiger , i did n't wear you out , did i ? '' 
 so convinced that she was going to make a run for it , the sound of her voice surprised him . 
 looking up , he found her right in front of him , wrapped in the shirt he 'd worn last night . 
 pleasure hit him . 
 he liked that , seeing her in his clothes . 
 her lips curved into a smile , but the look in her eyes was wary , and for an instant , he saw similar worries to the ones he 'd been having reflected there . 
 he grinned like a damn idiot . 
 `` hell no . 
 i 'll give you a repeat performance whenever you like , love . '' 
 the look she gave him was so hot it would have blistered paint . 
 `` really ? 
 how about right now ? '' 
 he sucked in a breath , watching as she slid his shirt off and let it drop to the floor to reveal her in all her nak * d glory . 
 a night like that and sex in the morning ? 
 he pinched himself . 
 this was not happening , he just was n't this lucky . 
 his c * ck punched to full mast within a heartbeat to jut loud and proud in front of him . 
 he would n't have been able to hide his reaction to her , even if he 'd wanted to . 
 her gaze flicked down , the visual caress as stimulating as if she 'd reached out and wrapped her hand around his c * ck there and then . 
 `` now works . '' 
 hell , did it work . 
 stepping back until his arse hit the tiled wall , he made room for her . 
 the cubicle was n't small , for normal people , but with him in it , space was at a premium . 
 `` big lad , '' she murmured , a catch in her breath as the spray from the showerhead caught her , the water a little on the cool side to bring his raging libido down to a manageable level . 
 reaching out , he adjusted the temperature and extended his free arm . 
 she stepped into his embrace , no coyness about her manner even when his c * ck pressed into her stomach . 
 she treated him to a hot look , hands smoothing over the width of his shoulders . 
 `` you 're a big lad all round , are n't you ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 the rough growl of his voice , thick with desire , was almost unrecognizable . 
 `` want me prove it to you again ? '' 
 wicked heat and mischief sparked in her eyes . 
 shaking her head , she went up on tiptoe to plant a trail of kisses over his wet shoulders . 
 nips and hot , open mouthed kisses that tested the strength in his knees . 
 locking them , he concentrated on keeping his hands light on her waist . 
 letting her touch him , kiss him . 
 `` hmm , you know . '' 
 she traced the line of his collarbone with her tongue . 
 `` i think i need to check for myself . '' 
 he swore , the expletive violent , and followed with a shaky laugh . 
 `` god , yeah . 
 i mean ... please . '' 
 dropping his head back , he let her have open access to his body , marvelling all the while that she wanted to , that she was still here . 
 but she seemed as fascinated with him as he was with her . 
 a hum rose in the back of her throat , a pleased little sound that reminded him of a cat purring . 
 he liked it . 
 liked her . 
 fuck , yeah , he liked her . 
 really liked her . 
 her hands smoothed over his chest , tracing the line of his pecs before moving down to his abdomen . 
 male vanity made him tense , bringing his six pack out into high relief . 
 he wanted her to see and feel the best of him . 
 her fingers worked down . 
 he sucked his breath in , anticipation holding him prisoner as her hand drew closer and closer to his cock . 
 the memory of her fingers wrapped around him last night made his c * ck jerk , a bead of pr ** um glistening at the tip . 
 god , if she did n't touch him soon ... the wet heat of her tongue flicked over his nipple the same instant her small hand closed around his cock . 
 the breath punched out of his lungs as his back arched , and his h * ps thrust forward all at the same time , body jerking different ways as it chased the pleasure she offered . 
 `` god , yeah . 
 do that more . '' 
 reaching up , he planted a hand on the walls either side of him . 
 he did n't trust himself to use the showerhead to hold onto . 
 the sensation of her mouth and her hand on him ... he 'd tear the damn thing right off the wall . 
 it was all he could do to stay still as she explored him , but there was no way he was moving . 
 not while she touched him like this . 
 licking and kissing the flat discs of his n ** ples , she alternated flicking her tongue over them with gentle nips that made him gasp . 
 gritting his teeth , he shoved his hands harder against the tiles . 
 anything to stay upright . 
 heat surged as she worked him , pumping his c * ck in steady strokes that threatened to blow his mind . 
 his h * ps developed a mind of their own , rocking counter to the motion of her hand . 
 looking down , he watched the head of his c * ck flash in and out of her grip . 
 god , it was the sexiest thing he 'd ever seen . 
 `` hmm , big ... but i think i need more evidence . '' 
 tom threw his head back , the back of his skull thunking against the wall . 
 she was trying to kill him . 
 she slid to her knees right there in front of him , hands on his thighs for balance , and he lost the ability to think . 
 the first warm , wet rasp of her tongue over his c * ck made him flinch , the second , moan , and when she leaned forward to engulf him in the heated cavern of her mouth , he was done . 
 she had him ; heart , body and soul . 
 the fact that she 'd do something like this for him without asking , without the coercion he 'd always had to exert with previous girlfriends to get such a treat ... it blew his mind . 
 she slid down , more of his c * ck enclosed by silky heat until he was sure he was going to choke her . 
 then she pulled back , and his eyes rolled back in his head . 
 removed from the warmth of her mouth , cooler air hit his wet shaft , and he shivered . 
 but just as quickly , she was back , fingers digging into his thighs as she bobbed her head up and down . 
 driving him to heaven , or hell , and back again . 
 one hand moved without conscious thought , driving into her hair to hold her in place . 
 all the muscles in his arm tensed until they screamed to avoid taking control of her head and making her move faster . 
 he could n't help the tiny thrust of his hips , looking down to watch her lips around him as she sucked him off . 
 fire raced out from his spine to encircle his balls , pulling them up tight as his c * ck pulsed in her mouth . 
 he fought back the rising tide within him . 
 the way he felt , if he came , he 'd damn well choke her . 
 lord help him , she only had to touch him , and he was ready to go . 
 `` come here , '' he murmured and pulled her to her feet . 
 she released his c * ck with a pop , managing one last soul-stealing lick over the tip as she stood . 
 before she 'd reached her feet , he moved . 
 turning , he pressed her back against the wall and pinned her in place with his body . 
 water splattered over them , hitting his shoulders first , then streaming down between them . 
 a shudder hit him at the feel of her wet skin and curves . 
 he wanted her in the worst possible way . 
 if she knew the stuff that was going through his head , she 'd run , and he would n't blame her . 
 hell , he 'd tell her to run faster . 
 not that she could outrun him . 
 for an instant , the thought of chasing her , running her down , and capturing her caveman-style flashed through his head . 
 he almost went up in flames . 
 primal possessiveness and need wrapped him in its insistent grip . 
 he had to have her . 
 had to sink into her wet heat again , f ** k her in long , slow strokes until she came gasping and shuddering around him . 
 he wanted to hear his name on her lips again , cried out in passion . 
 hands rough in his need , he lifted her , wrapping her legs around his waist . 
 she locked her ankles together behind his h * ps to hold herself in place . 
 her breathing caught , a tiny catch of need as he readjusted himself , fitting the broad head of his c * ck against her . 
 `` god yeah , please . 
 oh - '' her soft moan whispered against his throat , an extra caress as he thrust in . 
 he paused , head bent over her shoulder as sensation and emotion welled up and threatened to choke him . 
 he 'd come home . 
 and he never wanted to leave . 
 * yup , he was just as big as she 'd thought last night . 
 fern wrapped herself around tom , and revelled in his strength as he held her around the waist with one arm , the other braced against the wall . 
 she moaned , ragged sounds of pleasure escaping her as he moved . 
 pulling almost out of her to drive back in again with a power and precision that stole her breath and her sanity . 
 he 'd taken her several times last night , all different positions and varying tempos , from slow and seductive right through to fast and furious . 
 none of that prepared her for now . 
 none of it could have . 
 his movements were hard with the tension , the sheer need , she could feel tightening his entire body . 
 as though she 'd surprised him , and he had n't had time to get the mask in place again . 
 as though he rode the edge of his control and could n't pull back . 
 he had to touch her , take what he needed . 
 wanted . 
 there was no gentleness . 
 he did n't hurt her , but he was n't soft either . 
 not like he had been last night . 
 no , now he was totally alpha male , taking and demanding her response in return as he f ** ked her , pure and simple . 
 the change thrilled her , made her cling to him . 
 her man . 
 she cried out , relaxing in his embrace to offer him everything she had . 
 everything of herself . 
 he growled in response , and his grip tightened . 
 the primitive sound thrilled her . 
 he thrust into her , pinning her with ease between his solid body and the tiles . 
 his gaze was hard , boring into hers , holding her captive as much with his gaze as with his body . 
 he was claiming her . 
 somewhere deep in her heart , the part that was all about base instincts and emotions , she knew that . 
 with every heavy thrust and quick roll of his hips , he staked a claim . 
 declared with everything that he had that she was his . 
 the knowledge should have scared the daylights out of her . 
 instead , it thrilled her . 
 her breathing shortened her breathing , her body tight with the sort of tension she had no business feeling , not this quick . 
 not after how many times he 'd made her come last night . 
 `` oh , god , '' he gasped , clutching at his shoulders . 
 she was n't , should n't be , anywhere near coming yet . 
 but there was just something about him , like he only had to touch her , and she was ready to go up in flames . 
 `` tom ... '' `` i 'm here , love , '' he muttered , low and harsh against her neck . 
 the endearment had her heart flipping over in her chest . 
 did he mean it , or did it just roll meaninglessly off his tongue ? 
 `` i 've got you . '' 
 she closed her eyes and relaxed . 
 her cli ** x washed over her , a lazy pleasure that ripped through her to buffet her like she was caught in the rapids of a storm-swollen river . 
 he felt it , pausing mid-thrust to swear as her p ** sy clamped down around him . 
 hard squeezes as pleasure whipped through her . 
 groaning her name , he wrapped his arms around her and picked up pace . 
 the heavy slams of his h * ps against hers , and the depth his driving c * ck hit her , tore his name from her lips . 
 again and again . 
 an endless litany as he thrust home a last time , and stiffened . 
 she was pinned , his c * ck impaling her to jerk and pulsed deep within her as he came . 
 she wrapped her arms tighter around him , fingers playing with the hair at the nape of his neck as she whispered into his ear . 
 he shuddered , hands hard as he pulled back to kiss her . 
 raw and primal , it rocked her to the core , leaving her breathless . 
 `` so , do i pass muster ? '' 
 he lifted his head , blue eyes intense with emotion . 
 `` can i persuade you to see me again ? 
 perhaps make it a long-term thing ... '' yes ... oh lord , yes . 
 hiding the stupid grin that wanted to spread over her face at his words , she leaned in and brushed her lips over his . 
 `` i think something like that can be arranged . 
 how about we start tonight ? '' 
 the end 
