 to my grandmothers : sylvia schreiber and ida landsbaum with all my love membership to our club comes at a very high price . 
 -- phoenix slater chapter 1 bat out of hell i flew from class like a bat out of hell . 
 dullsville high ` s bell rang its final year-end ring and i was the first student to arrive at my locker . 
 normally the sound of the bell grated on my nerves like a woodpecker hammering on a sycamore , but this time the buzzing was as melodious as the sound of a harpsichord . 
 it signaled one thing : summer vacation . 
 the two words rolled off my tongue like the sweet-tasting nectar of the blossoming honeysuckles . 
 are n`t all vacations sweet ? 
 given . 
 however , summer vacation beats out its sister vacations -- spring and winter break . 
 summer vacation surpasses them all with its incomparable advantages -- two and a half months of freedom from textbooks , teachers , and torment . 
 no detentions , lectures , or pop quizzes . 
 no more spending an eight-hour day in the confines of dullsville high , being the only goth in the preppy-filled school , or trying to lift an overslept pre - caffeinated head off my wooden desk . 
 and most important , i could sleep in late . 
 just like a vampire . 
 my red and white school-colored handcuffs had been slipped off my wrists . 
 i was so pumped i even beat model student and my best friend , becky , to her locker . 
 it was the last time i ` d have to remember , or forget , as i often did , the lock ` s random coordinates . 
 unreturned textbooks , notebooks , candy wrappers , and cds filled the tiny metal closet . 
 forever the procrastinator , i waited until the final moment to clean it out . 
 unlike other lockers that had actual photographs of couples , staring back at me were oil-based pictures of me and alexander that he ` d painted and surprised me with , by hanging them in my locker . 
 i gazed at them adoringly and carefully untacked one when i became distracted by the huge mess in front of me . 
 i figured i needed a wheelbarrow to haul the load to becky ` s truck but instead dragged out a dented garbage can and tossed out anything that i had n`t paid for . 
 summer ` s here ! 
 can you believe it ? 
 becky said , catching up to me . 
 we clasped hands and shrieked like we had just won tickets to a sold-out concert . 
 it ` s finally here ! 
 i exclaimed . 
 no more tardy slips or calls to my parents about dress codes . 
 becky opened her locker , which had already been cleaned out . 
 photos of her and matt presumably had been placed in a scrapbook with colorful captions , beautiful borders , and funky heart-shaped stickers . 
 she examined the empty locker for anything else she might have forgotten . 
 it looks like you even dusted it , i teased . 
 this is going to be the best summer ever , raven . 
 this is the first summer we both will have boyfriends . 
 to think , we ` ll be lying poolside with the hottest guys in dullsville . 
 i spotted a painting of alexander and me in front of hatsy ` s diner that still hung on the inside of my locker door . 
 the stars twinkled above us and we were lit by the glow of the moon . 
 well , one of us will be , i said . 
 and i was n`t referring to the fact that my boyfriend would n`t be able to worship the sun . 
 i had a bigger problem -- he was n`t even in dullsville . 
 becky must have read my wistful expression . 
 i bet alexander will be back anytime now to have graveside picnics with you , becky offered with a bright smile . 
 alexander and his creepy-but-kind butler , jameson , had driven the ailing tween vampire , valentine maxwell , to hipsterville in hopes of reuniting him with his nefariously draculine siblings , jagger and luna . 
 after valentine tried to sink his tiny fangs into my little brother , billy boy , my sibling and his best friend , henry , began questioning his possible nocturnal identity . 
 while alexander was upstairs in his attic room saving the sickly boy with jameson ` s romanian concoctions , i figured out and confirmed jagger ` s and luna ` s location -- the coffin club . 
 and with that , alexander was forced to leave me behind in dullsville as he reunited valentine with his older siblings . 
 alexander had promised me that he would return to dullsville shortly . 
 however , what we thought would be an overnight visit to hipsterville turned into two , then three days . 
 then longer . 
 the sultry homeschooled romanian vampire alexander had brought life into my already darkened one . 
 as the lonely old mansion remained empty of its unearthly inhabitants , i began to miss specific things about him -- the way he softly brushed my hair away from my face or traced the lace of my skirt with his ghost white fingers . 
 i missed his dreamy chocolate brown eyes , his bright , sexy smile , his tender lips pressed to mine . 
 i managed to remove myself as the third wheel from matt and becky ` s go-cart of fun . 
 in the moonlit evenings , instead of reluctantly cheering on the school ` s soccer team , i often visited the empty mansion , sitting beneath its skeletal trees , by its wrought-iron gates , or on its uneven weed-filled cracked cement front steps . 
 other times , i ` d hang out in the gazebo where alexander and i ` d shared romantic desserts and stolen kisses . 
 i assured myself that at any moment i ` d see the headlights of jameson ` s mercedes beaming up the winding driveway , but every night i went home alone , the driveway devoid of any hearse-like vehicles . 
 i crossed each passing day off my emily the strange calendar with a giant black x . 
 it was starting to look like a one-sided tic-tac-toe game . 
 occasionally the doorbell rang , and when it did , i ` d race to the front door in wild expectation of alexander wrapping his pale arms around me , scooping me up , and planting me with a passionate kiss . 
 instead of being greeted by my boyfriend , i was met by the flower power delivery woman holding a bouquet of roses . 
 my already darkened bedroom was beginning to resemble dullsville ` s funeral home . 
 with each passing day , i wondered what could be taking him so long . 
 was he once again protecting me from something dangerous and underworldly ? 
 my boyfriend , always shrouded in a bit of mystery , only made me love him more . 
 i had secured the painting of us in my backpack and then untacked a special item next to it -- my coffin club barbed-wire bracelet . 
 the coffin club . 
 the most gothically haunting nightspot in hipsterville . 
 i ` d stumbled upon the hangout when i visited the funky town a few months ago . 
 unlike any other club i ` d ever been to , the coffin club was the antithesis of dullsville high . 
 it was the first place where i really fit in , surrounded by similar taste , style , and attitude . 
 i dreamed of returning there with alexander on my arm . 
 only now i was miles away from my favorite nightclub and my favorite guy . 
 i untacked the painting of alexander and me dancing at dullsville ` s golf course . 
 i ` d give anything to be rockin ` with alexander again . 
 i imagined a painting that i could only fathom adding to my collection : one of alexander and me dancing underneath the suspended deathly pale mannequins of the coffin club . 
 just then matt interrupted my daydream and gave becky a peck on the neck -- something i was desperately missing from alexander . 
 becky was right . 
 i knew i ` d see alexander again -- it was just a matter of when . 
 but i was growing restless . 
 i ` d have thought you would have had that cleaned out days ago , matt said . 
 do you need help ? 
 thanks , but i want to savor this moment . 
 i ` ll meet you guys out front . 
 as my favorite couple headed outside , a group of girls clutching designer purses and shoes passed by me like they were strutting down a catwalk , talking about european trips and boarding-school-style camps they ` d be attending . 
 i just looked forward to the one place i would n't have to go -- dullsville high . 
 the warm summer air breezed through the open classroom doors and windows . 
 i felt a few inches taller . 
 i slung my backpack over my shoulder and briskly walked past the open classrooms . 
 i was just a few feet away from freedom . 
 i reached out to push the main door open when someone jumped in front of me . 
 nothing could spoil my mood today -- not on my favorite day of the year . 
 well , almost nothing . 
 trevor mitchell , lifelong nemesis and khaki-wearing thorn in my side , was staring down at me . 
 you did n`t think i ` d let you leave without saying good-bye ? 
 step aside before my boots make contact with your shins , i warned him . 
 i have n`t seen monster boy for weeks . 
 are you keeping him buried somewhere special ? 
 out of my way before i call the morgue . 
 i think they have a vacancy . 
 i ` m really going to miss not seeing you every day . 
 trevor held his gaze a tad too long , like it had just hit him what he ` d said . 
 i could tell he was serious and it surprised him as much as it did me . 
 i ` m sure you ` ll get over it . 
 you ` ll have your pick of uber-tanned baywatch beauties to keep you busy . 
 but what will you do ? 
 i heard monster boy left town . 
 forever . 
 that will leave you in town all summer alone . 
 i hated that a rumor had started about alexander being gone . 
 he has n`t left ... forever , i defended . 
 he ` s coming back . 
 but it really does n`t matter because i ` m going to see him . 
 we ` re spending the summer together out of town and away from you . 
 i knew i was fibbing , but the thought of trevor hanging out with lifeguards on each arm and mocking me while i waited alone at the mansion made my mortal blood boil . 
 trevor was n`t thwarted by my challenge . 
 it only spurred him on . 
 then how about one kiss ? 
 he said with a sexy grin . 
 something to remember me by ? 
 though i had hints from valentine of trevor ` s inner desire for me , i was still suspect . 
 i never knew what was going on in trevor ` s head , much less his heart . 
 i was n`t even sure he had one . 
 trevor was gorgeous -- there was no doubt about it . 
 his green melt-worthy eyes and his chiseled face could easily make him the next sports illustrated cover boy . 
 but i was never sure if trevor really liked me or just liked bullying me . 
 either way , he did n`t move out of my way and instead leaned into me . 
 there was only one guy i was going to kiss and that was alexander . 
 i pushed my hand to his chest . 
 trevor leered at me with a sexy grin . 
 the more i fought back , the more he liked it . 
 i was trevor ` s ultimate soccer opponent and he was always desperate for one more game . 
 i paused for a moment and gazed up at the guy who ` d tormented me since kindergarten . 
 trevor was really the only person who paid attention to me at school , besides becky . 
 i was n`t sure i would n`t miss seeing him every day , too . 
 i ` ll give you something to remember me by , i said . 
 the back of my head . 
 i pushed past him and escaped through the door to freedom . 
 i stepped out of dullsville high and into the bright glare of the sun . 
 the year was behind me . 
 overall , it had been the best year of my life , for i ` d met , dated , danced , and fallen in love with alexander sterling . 
 students were walking home or getting into their daddies ` overpriced luxury cars , heading off to begin their months of fun in the sun with people just like them . 
 i ` d spent a whole school year surrounded by people like trevor . 
 my nemesis really forced me into seeing the light . 
 it was time for me to be with people of my own kind . 
 i was n`t going to spend my summer sans alexander , much less another day . 
 there was only one thing keeping me and alexander apart now . 
 me . 
 and that could easily be fixed with just a phone call . 
 more than a few months ago i ` d waved good-bye to my mother at dullsville ` s greyhound bus stop and boarded the hipsterville-bound bus to visit my ultraconservative father ` s hippie sister , aunt libby . 
 today i was on a prozac high , minus the prozac , ecstatic to return to the funky town of hipsterville -- home to unique coffee shops , with handmade coffee mugs and fresh scones -lrb- not the overincorporated cutout kinds with focus-group canned-in music -rrb- , goth and hipster boutiques , and the perfectly morbid coffin club . 
 i was excited to see aunt libby again , but even more important , i was only a few hours away from being reunited , or so i hoped , with my number-one vampire-mate . 
 i passed the bus ride doodling in my olivia outcast journal , imagining my reunion with alexander . 
 we ` d meet inside the coffin club , where pale mannequins with bat wings hung from the ceiling and ghostlike fog permeated the air . 
 alexander would be waiting for me in the middle of the packed dance floor , with a single black rose . 
 i ` d run into his arms and he ` d envelop me in them like a gothic juliet . 
 he ` d lean into me and greet me with a long , seductive kiss , sending chills from my head to my combat boots . 
 we ` d dance the night away to the twisted sounds of the skeletons until my legs could no longer hold me up . 
 alexander and i would venture off into a tiny church ` s graveyard , and we ` d climb into a vacant crypt , where an empty coffin would be awaiting us . 
 he ` d close the lid on our night as dawn approached , and we ` d snuggle together in darkness . 
 i was halfway through an episode of the munsters on billy boy ` s borrowed -lrb- or rather bribed -rrb- ipod when i noticed the two-mile exit sign for hipsterville . 
 last time i arrived in hipsterville , sunny skies and puffy blue clouds hung over the town . 
 this time i was met with ominous clouds and a fierce downpour . 
 i covered myself with my skull-and-crossbones hoodie as the driver , undeterred by the pouring rain , unloaded suitcases from the bus ` s cargo hold . 
 finally i saw my suitcase , grabbed it , and huddled underneath the bus-stop shelter along with a crowd of other passengers . 
 one thing had n`t changed -- aunt libby was nowhere to be found . 
 i watched as each traveler was picked up by their party until i was the only traveler left waiting at the stop . 
 when tapping my boots in the rising puddles grew boring , i headed for the convenience store a few yards away . 
 i checked the aisles for any hippie chicks with the scent of potpourri or women wearing nairobi sandals and tie-dyed skirts . 
 unfortunately , all i saw were a few truckers and the hungry bus driver . 
 i grew more excited to see my hipster aunt libby again . 
 she and i were outsiders among the madison clan . 
 my aunt lived an unconventional lifestyle , working as a waitress in a vegan restaurant to support her acting career . 
 she was a free spirit , and hipsterville was a funky town where she could be her organic-eating , hemp-wearing , liberal self . 
 though we had different tastes , i always felt bonded with her in that we shared a passion for being different . 
 ten minutes later , aunt libby was still nowhere to be found . 
 perhaps she was stuck in a rehearsal or filling up the saltshakers at the restaurant . 
 i could feel the glare of the tattooed cashier . 
 i did n`t want to appear to be loitering , which i was , or stealing , which i was n`t . 
 my stomach started to growl . 
 i hovered over the candy aisle , debating which sugary cavity-forming candy to buy , when i felt a tap on my shoulder . 
 i turned around . 
 a beautiful lady wearing pressed pants , a happy homes real estate jacket , and my dad ` s smile was standing in front of me . 
 aunt libby ? 
 i asked , confused . 
 raven ! 
 it ` s great to see you ! 
 she gave me a hard squeeze and i could feel her rain - stained face against my own dampened one . 
 i hope i was n`t too late . 
 i just got here , i fibbed . 
 i bet you ` re starved . 
 we can stop and grab a bite . 
 i took the rest of the day off . 
 she lifted my suitcase and we hurried into her vintage beetle . 
 i could n`t help but stare at my aunt , who had traded her waitress outfit for a real estate one , as we buckled in . 
 surprised to see me in a suit ? 
 she asked , obviously reading my thoughts . 
 i do n`t think i ` ve ever seen you without sandals and a flower in your hair , i teased . 
 i figured it was time to get a real job , she confessed . 
 i did n`t bother telling your father . 
 i have n`t been working that long and i ` ve already taken a half day . 
 she laughed . 
 so who knows how much longer it will last . 
 she started the car and the engine putt-putted as she motored through the historic downtown area . 
 aunt libby was such an independent spirit , i felt disappointed and sad that she was giving up her dream . 
 i did n`t want her to change , nor did i ever want to change . 
 i wondered , if aunt libby had to give up her passions , would i have to , too ? 
 have you given up acting ? 
 i asked . 
 no , it ` s in my blood , she said . 
 in fact , i ` m doing a one-woman show . 
 you can take the girl out of acting but not the acting out of the girl . 
 i felt relieved . 
 a one-woman show ... that ` s great . 
 soon enough you ` ll have your own oscar . 
 aunt libby chuckled , then turned serious . 
 raindrops pelted the windshield and the rustic wipers struggled to clear them as we headed toward her apartment . 
 something felt strange as i gazed out the window . 
 an eerie shadow blanketed the town as we drove through it . 
 i thought i saw a few bats hovering over a church . 
 wow ... those look like ... bats ? 
 yes . 
 there was a nest of them in one of the houses we have on the market . 
 you would have loved it ! 
 awesome . 
 and you would have loved this house we just rented . 
 really ? 
 is it spooky ? 
 completely . 
 it was a half-dead manor house . 
 a manor house ? 
 i asked . 
 it could n`t have been the one alexander and jameson had occupied last time i was here . 
 yes , my aunt replied . 
 well , there must be a lot in this town , i hinted . 
 not too many . 
 and not one like this . 
 what do you mean ? 
 it had been abandoned for years . 
 the back lawn was completely overgrown , and i think the floors needed to be rehabbed , but the new renter did n`t seem to mind . 
 is it the one on lennox hill road ? 
 yes . 
 how would you know ? 
 uh ... i remember seeing pictures of it in the paper the last time i was here , i lied . 
 it does seem like a house you would love to live in . 
 i would n`t be surprised if it was haunted . 
 if someone had rented the manor house , then where were alexander and jameson staying ? 
 and how would i ever find them ? 
 do you still have the key ? 
 maybe they can give me a tour . 
 no , the man who is renting it has the key . 
 what does he look like ? 
 my aunt appeared puzzled . 
 i was just wondering what kind of a man would rent a manor house . 
 perhaps a prince or a big-time executive , i prodded . 
 this man was n`t a prince but more of a gentleman . 
 he did look creepy -- in the ghoulish sense of the word . 
 i guess that ` s why he liked the house . 
 jameson ! 
 i blurted out at the same time aunt libby tapped her horn and hit the brakes . 
 a sparrow quickly flew off in front of us . 
 i brake for birds , she said with a smile . 
 i wondered why jameson would rent the manor house . 
 did they plan on staying indefinitely ? 
 my heart sank . 
 then i remembered alexander ` s reassuring words : i will return soon . 
 but what was keeping my boyfriend here ? 
 we turned onto aunt libby ` s tree-lined urban street and she confidently , or foolishly , squeezed her beetle into an anorexically small space between a truck and an orange scooter . 
 aunt libby attached a lock to her steering wheel . 
 she opened the entrance door to the 1940s row house apartment building , unlocked her mailbox , followed by her apartment door . 
 aunt libby had as many keys as dullsville high ` s janitor . 
 the smell of lavender incense bled through the cracks of aunt libby ` s apartment door before we entered . 
 once inside , a waft of floral scents hit me as if i ` d just stepped into a flower conservatory . 
 though aunt libby ` s attire had changed , her apartment decor had n`t . 
 besides a few stacks of real estate manuals sitting on her coffee table , the sixties and seventies still ruled the one-bedroom apartment . 
 beaded curtains hung from the frame of her bedroom door and half - melted candles lined every inch of available space , from the mantel to the floor . 
 as i shed my rain-soaked clothes for dry ones in aunt libby ` s dinky bathroom , i imagined what my life would be like on my own if i ` d never met alexander . 
 who would i grow up to become ? 
 dullsville was way too dull for a girl like me . 
 i ` d probably end up in hipsterville in an apartment similar to my aunt ` s , only it would have dripping wax candelabras , black lace curtains , and a gargoyle headboard on my bed . 
 but what would it mean if i could n`t share it with alexander ? 
 living on my own and working perhaps as a bartender at the coffin club night after night . 
 i felt a pang of loneliness for my aunt -- she had eaten , slept , lived by herself for as many years as i could remember . 
 instead of being dragged down by her independent lifestyle , aunt libby seemed to thrive on it . 
 she serial dated and had a wide circle of friends from her theater community . 
 aunt libby was gorgeous . 
 someone as hip and cool as she could get any man she wanted . 
 i reapplied my chocolate eye shadow and liner and towel dried my damp hair . 
 i smelled teriyaki sauce and found aunt libby -- the one i ` d always known , wearing embroidered jeans and jeweled flip-flops , a halter top underneath a linen jacket -- stir-frying in her wok . 
 i sighed , relieved that my aunt had returned to her inner deadhead . 
 aunt libby served our healthy entrees . 
 we sat down at her coffee table , on oversized mismatched fluffy pillows , surrounded by candles , incense , and a spicy asian meal . 
 i think i ` m getting married ! 
 she suddenly announced . 
 i ` ve been dying to tell you . 
 you are ? 
 i asked , surprised . 
 congrats ! 
 dad did n`t mention ... well , okay , it ` s not official or anything . 
 in fact , we have n`t officially gone out yet . 
 i just met him last night . 
 aunt libby ` s face flushed bright red . 
 she grabbed a brown hobo purse that was sitting on her paisley futon and pulled out a rainbow-colored beaded wallet . 
 she opened it and presented me with a renegades paper napkin . 
 it had a man ` s name and phone number written on it . 
 he has beautiful handwriting , does n`t he ? 
 devon . 
 that ` s a cool name . 
 i ca n`t wait to tell you all about him . 
 tell me all ! 
 he has pool-colored eyes and salt-and-pepper hair . 
 he sounds dreamy . 
 i noticed him in the audience when i was onstage . 
 i almost could n`t see him because he was just outside the glare of the spotlight . 
 he has the most piercing blue eyes i ` ve ever seen . 
 our eyes locked and i forgot my lines . 
 i stood there , frozen , for what seemed like hours . 
 he had this hypnotic stare . 
 i laughed . 
 aunt libby was like a sixteen-year-old girl who had fallen in love . 
 when the show was over , he was waiting for me . 
 we had this intense connection i ` ve never felt before . 
 i know exactly what you mean . 
 that ` s how i feel about alexander . 
 that ` s why i had to come here ... come here ? 
 she asked . 
 uh ... yes , for girl time . 
 i know what you mean . 
 i ` m bursting at the seams to talk about him , but there ` s not much i know -- besides how handsome he is ! 
 i ` m sure i ` ll be calling him uncle devon within a matter of days . 
 can i wear black to your wedding ? 
 i would n`t want it any other way . 
 we have a date in the next few days and you have to come . 
 you are going out on your first date with him and you ` re going to show up with me ? 
 your vampire-obsessed niece ? 
 even i do n`t think that ` s a good idea . 
 you have to come . 
 i ca n`t wait for you to see him ... and i ca n`t leave you here alone . 
 of course you can . 
 but we can talk about it tomorrow . 
 we had just placed the dishes in the sink when aunt libby noticed the time . 
 i have a drumming class tonight . 
 i was hoping you ` d join me . 
 well ... i. . . 
 i do n`t have to go . 
 no , i do n`t want you to miss it on account of me . 
 it ` s a master class tonight . 
 otherwise i would n`t think about going . 
 please go . 
 i ` ll be fine . 
 i would n`t be able to run across town and try to make contact with alexander if i were stuck in a drumming class all night . 
 think about it while i get ready . 
 while aunt libby prepared for class , i stretched my legs out on her futon and turned on the nineteen-inch tv with a leaning cactus on it . 
 her tv received only local channels and the color faded in and out at will . 
 how do you live without cable ? 
 i asked , frustrated . 
 i switched on the local news . 
 normally i would have turned the set off quickly and kept myself busy text-messaging becky about my arrival . 
 but something caught my eye . 
 hi , i ` m anne ramirez , reporting to you live . 
 i ` m standing with fred sears , a farm owner who discovered a crop circle in his wheat field . 
 this is the second one reported in this county in less than a month , this one being a little more intricate than the last . 
 the camera panned to the wheat field , where stalks had been crushed against the ground in the shape of a fifty-foot circle , with several smaller circles in the center . 
 the petite woman stood next to the black-haired farmer , who was three times her size . 
 when did you notice this ? 
 she asked . 
 when i woke up . 
 it just cropped up , ` he joked . 
 i rolled my eyes as i watched two preteens running around it . 
 i saw bats hovering over the area last night , said one boy , almost breathless , to the reporter . 
 those were crows , stupid , the other admonished . 
 flying away from the alien spacecraft that landed here . 
 they were bats ! 
 the boy insisted . 
 anything interesting ? 
 my aunt called from her room . 
 just a crop circle with hovering bats . 
 the girls at the agency were talking about that at lunch . 
 they are convinced it ` s all for publicity . 
 the video switched to an aerial shot from wbez ` s helicopter . 
 the circle was impressive . 
 then the camera was back on the reporter . 
 spacecraft or just spaced out ? 
 you decide . 
 back to you , jay . 
 that ` s so bogus ... , i called to my aunt . 
 i saw a report on tv once where kids confessed to creating them . 
 they demonstrated to the reporter how in the middle of the night they used a stake , a rope , and wooden boards to press down the stalks and form a giant circle . 
 my aunt came back into the living room dressed in an off-the-shoulder cotton top and pea green yoga pants . 
 i believe we are n`t the only ones in the solar system . 
 they could be aliens . 
 no one has disproved their existence . 
 are you kidding ? 
 you really believe in aliens ? 
 do you really believe in vampires ? 
 she had a point . 
 yes , but they are real , i blurted out without thinking . 
 uh ... i mean , no one has disproved their existence . 
 i ` m just saying , aunt libby argued as she added some final touches to her hair , it could be the markings of an alien aircraft -- or a signal for other aliens . 
 are n`t crop circles meant to be viewed from the air ? 
 the boy on the news swore he saw bats last night . 
 maybe it could be vampires signaling other vampires , i suggested . 
 hmmm . 
 i like your theory better . 
 aliens are kind of odd-looking and have green heads . 
 vampires are sexier . 
 i ` d prefer to see them invade our town . 
 i gave my thought pause as the anchor turned the focus to weather . 
 our five-day forecast calls for rain and fog . 
 curiosity getting the best of me , i could n`t shake the farm boy ` s claim . 
 after all , who better to go undetected in the night than vampires ? 
 they could easily see the circles as they fly in bat form over the horizon . 
 there was no way to confirm my theory by sitting in my aunt ` s apartment , and it was n`t like me to not poke around for some clues . 
 do you mind if i check my e-mail ? 
 i asked . 
 sure . 
 the computer is already on . 
 i searched the internet on my aunt ` s imac for vampires and crop circles . 
 i scrolled past various movie and book sites until i came to a small website that specialized in paranormal sightings in north america . 
 all the entries detailed unearthly bright lights , alien abductions , and hoaxes . 
 just as i began to click out of one such site , i spotted something of interest . 
 instead of green-headed monsters , one blogger claimed that the night before he spotted a crop circle , he ` d seen a swarm of hovering bats . 
 i thought i ` d stumbled onto something big . 
 the entry had to be posted by a harvard scholar , a scientist , or a nobel peace prize winner . 
 instead it was signed bob from utah . 
 bob could have been a crackpot like any other , a bored kid in study hall posting erroneous entries on websites , or , like me , a vampire-obsessed mortal with an overactive imagination . 
 but i took his single entry as a sign . 
 there was one way to investigate my theory further . 
 i had an advantage that bob in utah did n`t -- i was dating a vampire . 
 are you sure you do n`t want to come with me ? 
 my aunt asked as she picked up an african drum lying next to the fireplace . 
 i ` m beat -- no pun intended , i teased , shutting down the computer . 
 do you mind if i just crash ? 
 even if i was n`t preoccupied about reuniting with alexander , the thought of amateur drummers learning how to bang on instruments for two hours was enough to make me mental . 
 there ` s plenty of tofu patties in the fridge and soy pudding in the cabinet . 
 i ` ll call you on your cell at break to check in . 
 thanks , aunt libby , i said , giving my dad ` s sister a hug . 
 i really appreciate your letting me visit you again . 
 are you kidding ? 
 i love having a roommate . 
 just bolt the door behind me and do n`t buzz anyone in . 
 and please , do n`t get abducted by aliens . 
 your father would kill me . 
 once again i found myself waiting at a bus stop . 
 this time i hung outside aunt libby ` s apartment in the drizzling rain anticipating the arrival of the number seven . 
 i paced back and forth for what seemed like an eternity , waiting for it to turn down my aunt ` s street . 
 i had to admit i was n`t overly excited to be boarding another bus , having just ridden one for several hours , but it beat borrowing aunt libby ` s bike and cycling across town in the rain . 
 it was imperative that i reach the manor house before sunset , otherwise alexander might be out for the evening and my surprise reunion would be delayed . 
 finally i saw a bus lumbering around the corner and almost cheered when i saw it displayed a yellow seven digitally . 
 i shoved my money in the change receptacle and quickly grabbed the cold aluminum pole . 
 though the bus was half empty and many seats were vacant , i chose to stand for the duration of the ride . 
 having missed the lennox hill stop the last time , i refused to have anyone or anything blocking my view and further delay reaching alexander . 
 my heart beat faster with every stop and acceleration . 
 i thought i ` d caught a break since there were n`t that many passengers on the bus , but twice as many were waiting to board the number seven at the next stop . 
 after what felt like the span of summer break itself , i spotted lennox hill road . 
 i remembered that to notify the driver of my desire to disembark , i needed to pull on the white wire that ran above the windows . 
 i repeatedly tugged on the cord like i was signaling an sos . 
 i heard you ! 
 the driver shouted back . 
 the rain had ceased . 
 i hurried up lennox hill road , scurrying through puddles and jumping over slimy but cool earthworms . 
 rain-soaked estates lined the street . 
 the pristine grass lawns were drenched and several branches and leaves were scattered in the asphalt driveways . 
 then , at the end of the cul-de-sac , plain as a stormy day , sat the monstrous manor house . 
 the gruesome estate appeared to be even more overgrown and unkempt than the last time i ` d visited it . 
 steam seeped into the air , creating a spooky fog around the palatial home . 
 moss and wild vines overtook the house like a giant spiderweb . 
 stone gargoyles sitting upon the jagged wrought-iron gates seemed to smile at me as i approached . 
 sticking in the half-dead , weed-filled lawn was a happy homes sign . 
 i hurried past the broken birdbath and up the cracked rock path . 
 my heart pounded as i reached the familiar arched wooden front door . 
 the dragon-shaped knocker that had fallen into my hand upon my first visit had not been replaced . 
 perhaps it was still hidden in the untamed bushes where i ` d tossed it . 
 i knocked on the door . 
 i waited . 
 and waited . 
 jameson did n`t respond . 
 i pounded my hand against the door again . 
 still no response . 
 not even a torn curtain rustled . 
 i turned the rusty doorknob and pushed against the door , but it was bolted shut . 
 i raced through the soggy grass , past the servants ` door to the back of the house . 
 i darted up the few cracked cement stairs and eyed the back wooden arched door . 
 there was n`t a bell to ring or a knocker to knock . 
 i pounded my hand on the door . 
 when no one answered , i looked around for another door . 
 i was becoming concerned that it was n`t alexander and jameson who had rented the place after all . 
 there were no signs of my boyfriend or his butler ` s presence . 
 i peeked in a basement window and it appeared to be in the same vacant state . 
 i spotted the tree i had once climbed to see into alexander ` s room . 
 i might have been able to confirm once again that he was inside , but climbing the rain-soaked tree was not a viable option . 
 i peered around the backyard to see if i saw jameson ` s mercedes . 
 the cracked asphalt drive was vacant of cars . 
 i saw a concrete bench and a wrought-iron arched trellis overrun with creeping vines . 
 a circular rock bed where a pond must have once been was now filled with rainwater . 
 i spotted a decaying one-car detached garage that appeared as though it might collapse with a gentle nudge . 
 i headed straight for it . 
 my heart raced as i darted toward the garage . 
 i noticed a lock on the door . 
 it was brand-new . 
 though i was an expert at sneak-ins , i was lousy at picking locks . 
 i ` d need the help of billy boy ` s nerd-mate gadget whiz , henry , but he was obviously miles away . 
 the dilapidated garage was sturdier than it looked . 
 with all my strength , i could n`t move any of the paint - chipped wooden boards . 
 i examined the outside of the garage . 
 there was n`t a window on any side . 
 i did notice a skinny crack between two boards about hip height from the ground on one side . 
 light from the setting sun illuminated the skinny space . 
 with my best vision , i could barely make out a white sheet covering what must have been an old bike or lawn mower . 
 and next to it , something sparkling in the light . 
 on further inspection i noticed a mercedes hood ornament . 
 i raced back to the manor house . 
 i placed a discarded box underneath the kitchen window and stepped on it . 
 i teetered on tiptoe , doing my best to see inside . 
 the window was dusty , so it was almost impossible to see indoors . 
 i tapped the glass pane relentlessly and peered through a hole the size of a quarter . 
 suddenly a bulging eyeball gazed back at me . 
 startled , i screamed and fell off the box , back onto my bottom in the wet grass . 
 i heard the sound of locks being unlocked and the door being opened . 
 i froze . 
 what if i ` d been wrong when i ` d spotted a mercedes ornament that i was so certain had belonged to jameson ? 
 i was so excited to see it , i had n`t even considered my discovery . 
 the stored car could have been any make or model , or white for all i knew . 
 at any moment i would be caught trespassing , thrown in hipsterville ` s juvie jail , or forced to return to dullsville . 
 i bit my black lip and held my breath . 
 then , at the screen door , jameson appeared . 
 alexander ` s butler struggled to see me through the glare of the mesh door . 
 jameson , it ` s me , raven . 
 miss raven ? 
 he asked , confused . 
 he opened the door . 
 it ca n`t be you . 
 what are you doing here ? 
 in the backyard ? 
 i jumped to my feet , dusted off my miniskirt , and raced up the uneven steps toward the creepy man . 
 jameson wrinkled his pale forehead . 
 miss raven , i ` m surprised to see you here . 
 but pleasantly , i might add , he said with a skinny-toothed smile . 
 i ` m visiting my aunt libby here in town , i said , relieved to see the bony butler . 
 i wanted to tell alexander , but there was n`t a way to let him know . 
 i seriously think it ` s time you and alexander got cell phones . 
 please come in . 
 it will be dark soon . 
 the smell of sweet potatoes filled the high ceilings of the rustic kitchen . 
 jameson was preparing dinner , or , in alexander ` s case , breakfast . 
 will you be staying ? 
 he asked in his thick romanian accent . 
 i ` d love to , if it ` s not a problem . 
 there is always room for you at our dinner table . 
 my heart melted at jameson ` s kindness . 
 i was dying to press the bony man for information on what they ` d been doing in hipsterville and why they had rented the manor house , but that would have to wait because there was something of more importance resting somewhere in the estate . 
 can i see alexander ? 
 i asked anxiously . 
 jameson , wearing oversized brown oven mitts , opened the door of the old-fashioned oven and pulled out a tray of aluminum-foil-covered sweet potatoes . 
 behind him , the dirt-stained window stared at me like a hotel oil painting -- poking through intermittent clouds was the setting sun . 
 you know alexander prefers to sleep during the day , he reminded me . 
 of course ... i just thought ... well , it is quite a surprise you have arrived , he said , politely entertaining me . 
 i ` m sure alexander will be very pleased you are here . 
 i hope so ! 
 how long do you and alexander plan to stay here ? 
 i asked . 
 jameson paused , then appeared distracted . 
 did i set the table ? 
 he wondered . 
 i am sorry to drop in on you like this , i apologized . 
 can i help you set it ? 
 that wo n`t be necessary , miss raven . 
 why do n`t you sit and relax in the study . 
 alexander will come down soon . 
 may i take a quick peek around ? 
 of course , but stay on the first floor . 
 i did n`t have time to clean the other rooms today , he said . 
 if the first floor ` s appearance was jameson ` s idea of cleaning , i could only imagine what the second floor was like . 
 dust balls clung to every corner , and cobwebs hung from the antique crystal chandeliers . 
 the estate was far too grand for one creepy man to vacuum . 
 the manor house was at least ten degrees colder than the mansion and far emptier . 
 the floorboards were uneven and watermarked . 
 i wandered in the hallway ; the walls were empty of portraits and the wallpaper was faded and patched with stains . 
 all rooms and walls were bare , including what must have been a parlor and library . 
 the only exception was the dining room , where a long rectangular stone table sat in the middle of the room , antique black velvet chairs at each end . 
 jameson had warned me to remain on the first floor as if he were glinda the good witch telling dorothy to stay on the yellow brick road . 
 from the foot of the grand staircase , i could only see a royal blue curtained window at the end of the first flight . 
 i wondered what lay past the two flights out of view above me . 
 figuring i only had a moment before jameson began setting the table , i crept up the once regal staircase . 
 like dorothy , i betrayed the path . 
 chills danced down my spine as i snuck through the narrow and lonely hallway . 
 i opened door after door , revealing empty bedrooms and closets , my footsteps echoing in the cavernous and vacant space . 
 where the mansion ` s rooms were filled with furniture , books , and antique mementos , the manor house ` s rooms were stripped of any memories . 
 the only room that showed any sign of life was at the far end of the corridor . 
 its contents : a single bed and a cedar dresser . 
 i presumed it was jameson ` s living quarters . 
 when i softly shut the creepy man ` s bedroom door , i noticed something dangling in the hallway ceiling above me . 
 a short , wiry piece of white rope hung from a square door overhead . 
 it was out of arm ` s reach , but with a good jump i might have been able to grab it . 
 i knew i should go back downstairs , but that went against my true nature . 
 the first time i jumped , i did n`t even reach the cord . 
 the second time , my fingers touched it . 
 finally , on the third try , i caught the cord between my fingers . 
 with all my might , i quickly pulled the rope and snapped it securely in the palm of my hand . 
 the door slowly creaked down toward me and a staircase folded out like a fire escape in a new york city alleyway . 
 surprisingly the wooden steps seemed to be in relatively good condition . 
 perhaps the former tenants did n`t see the need for a darkened attic hideaway . 
 i quietly ascended the stairs , curious to examine what lay at the top . 
 a glow from the second floor shone like a small spotlight , illuminating a portion of the attic . 
 a musty smell filled the gymnasium-sized room . 
 the attic , like the rooms below , appeared bare . 
 alexander ` s easel , art supplies , and mattress were nowhere to be found . 
 a single ray of sunlight peeked through a circular window in the far end of the sloping attic walls . 
 i tiptoed over and noticed an unpainted plain old oak armoire beneath the window . 
 i tried to open its doors , only to discover they were locked . 
 perhaps the skeleton key was hiding in the attic somewhere with real skeletons . 
 i glanced around , trying to adjust my vision in the darkness . 
 it was then i saw something shrouded in the shadows -- a black room divider . 
 i crept over to the corner of the attic and peered behind the six - foot-tall wooden screen . 
 i could barely make out a night table and a pewter candlestick with a half-melted white candle . 
 behind it stood an easel with a covered painting , art supplies scattered beneath . 
 then i noticed something familiar on the nightstand staring back at me . 
 it was the picture alexander had painted of me and kept on his nightstand at the mansion . 
 there next to the tiny table was a single black coffin . 
 i was standing alongside my sleeping vampire boyfriend . 
 i pressed my ear to the cold coffin lid . 
 i could barely hear what i thought to be breathing . 
 my heart raced with his every breath . 
 i knew the sun was setting because the cast of light from the attic window was slowly shrinking . 
 it only took a few minutes for it to dwindle to the size of the nightstand . 
 finally it was as thin as a pencil , then it was gone . 
 a small amount of light still appeared from the open door in the attic floor . 
 it took my eyes a moment to adjust to the new illumination . 
 just then i heard someone stirring inside the coffin . 
 i stepped back , and the heel of my boot snagged against a tiny nail protruding from the bottom of the screen . 
 for several moments , the room divider and i teetered back and forth . 
 i was about to cause a major commotion . 
 i regained my balance and managed to return the screen upright and steal myself behind it . 
 i peered through a tiny crack between the ruler-sized boards , my heart racing even harder now . 
 the top of the coffin lid began to creak open ever so slowly toward me , leaving me unable to see inside until it reached a ninety-degree angle . 
 i did n`t see fingers , a hand , or anything opening it , nor could i make out anything -- or anyone -- behind it . 
 i peeked around the screen . 
 it was then i saw a sleepy alexander staring right at me . 
 startled , i screamed . 
 he paused . 
 his chocolate-colored eyes turned bloodred . 
 raven ! 
 i tried to catch my breath and regain my composure . 
 i did n`t mean to scare you -- or myself , i apologized . 
 what are you doing here ? 
 he asked , shocked . 
 i came to see you -- alexander stepped out of the coffin barefoot , wearing a black t-shirt and black boxers . 
 he paused by the nightstand . 
 he did n`t run to me and scoop me up in his arms . 
 it was n`t the reaction i ` d expected . 
 i thought you ` d be glad to see me , i said . 
 it took all my strength not to hug him . 
 i am , it ` s just -- alexander stood awkwardly . 
 he fixed his hair with one hand and straightened out his clothes with the other . 
 are you upset i ` m here ? 
 i asked . 
 i could n`t wait another day . 
 i just woke up , he said self-consciously , wiping one eye with the back of his hand . 
 i would have preferred a little warning . 
 his stern demeanor then softened . 
 he looked sexy , his long hair tousled and his clothes still askew . 
 even in the darkness alexander lit up the room . 
 a warm smile overcame his sleepy face . 
 i missed you so much i could n`t breathe , i said , daring to run to him . 
 me too , he said , now gazing down at me . 
 he brushed my hair away from my cheek , pulled me into him , and swept me up in his arms . 
 i hugged him around his neck , and my black - fingernailed hands coursed through his silky black hair . 
 he leaned into me and kissed me , passionately , like i ` d dreamed about night after night since he left the mansion . 
 alexander took my neck in his mouth , like a wolf would a swan . 
 the sharp edge of his teeth slid against my skin , then he suddenly pulled back . 
 miss raven ? 
 miss raven ? 
 jameson called from below . 
 alexander let me down . 
 his red eyes faded to their natural brown . 
 he seemed shaken , but i held his hand reassuredly . 
 i knew i was safe in his arms . 
 she ` s up here with me , jameson , alexander answered . 
 i thought she might have gotten lost . 
 dinner is ready . 
 i was just on my appetizer , he whispered to me with a wink . 
 desserts are even better , i said , and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek . 
 i felt as tiny as a polly pocket doll in a barbie dream house as i sat alone at the limousine-length table in the stately and stark mile-high-ceilinged dining room . 
 a black lace tablecloth was draped over the stone tabletop , and a single candelabra flickered as the centerpiece . 
 the macabre table was set with wedgwood china plates , sterling silver cutlery , and crystal goblets -- everyday settings for my vampire boyfriend . 
 the madison family ate this fancy only once a year , when my grandmother dusted off her china and made christmas dinner ; otherwise it was strictly pfaltzgraff . 
 my combat boots grazed the patched wooden floor as i anxiously swung them back and forth underneath the table , impatiently waiting for alexander ` s entrance . 
 i was hoping a ghost would float by to keep me company , but no specters arrived . 
 soon i sensed a familiar presence behind me , followed by hands caressing my shoulders . 
 i felt two lips press against my neck . 
 i grew so hot i thought i ` d melt the ice cubes in my crystal goblet . 
 the ends of alexander ` s midnight-colored hair were still damp from a quick shower and brushed against the back of my bare shoulder . 
 he smelled heavenly with the sweet scents of drakkar and irish spring . 
 i should n`t have barged in on you like that , i apologized as he stood next to me . 
 you are a much better sport than i am , i added . 
 i ` m not sure how i would have reacted if i woke up and found you watching me . 
 i know exactly how you would have reacted . 
 alexander made a godzilla-like monster face and we both cracked up knowing he was right . 
 alexander moved his chair and place setting next to mine . 
 jameson entered the room pushing a squeaky-wheeled metal cart carrying a covered sterling silver serving tray . 
 he removed the lid to reveal two sizzling , dripping red steaks . 
 i took the liberty of cooking yours medium-well , jameson said , serving me . 
 i assumed you did n`t like yours as rare as alexander ` s. i glanced over at alexander ` s plate . 
 the barely cooked strip steak was almost floating in a pool of blood . 
 mine is perfect , i said with an oversized grin . 
 is n`t it a nice surprise that raven has come to town ? 
 jameson asked , spooning out steaming-hot buttered peas . 
 it ` s the perfect way to wake up , alexander said with a twinkle in his eyes . 
 will there be anything else ? 
 i think we are fine , alexander stated . 
 i scooted my chair even closer to alexander ` s. i could n`t believe that my boyfriend , who had been so far away for so many days , was now by my side . 
 all the pain i ` d felt in the last month or so disappeared . 
 alexander seemed ravenous as he tore into his bloody steak . 
 i was reminded each time i was in alexander ` s company that i was truly dating a vampire . 
 he had just woken up , while i , on the other hand , had been awake for more than twelve hours . 
 upon awakening , my boyfriend craved blood the way i craved a caramel latte . 
 there was so much i wanted to ask alexander i did n`t know where to begin . 
 as we continued to cut into our steaks , i pried for the info i ` d missed over our time apart . 
 is valentine here ? 
 what have you been doing ? 
 when are you planning on coming home ? 
 i babbled . 
 slow down , he said , tapping my hand . 
 tell me about valentine . 
 is he okay ? 
 yes , valentine is fine . 
 he returned to his family . 
 i paused , waiting to hear more . 
 but alexander just winked and took a bite of his sweet potato . 
 that ` s it ? 
 i asked . 
 where becky and i would begin retelling a juicy event by setting the scene , followed by a description of clothing and dialogue , finishing with overheard gossip and our biased commentary , alexander would simply provide one-word answers . 
 how was i supposed to get a nitty-gritty fleshed-out story this way ? 
 is valentine here or in romania ? 
 i continued to pry . 
 romania , i guess . 
 did you see jagger ? 
 yes . 
 alexander went back to cutting into his meat . 
 you did ? 
 what did he say ? 
 was he threatening ? 
 where did you meet ? 
 in hipsterville ` s graveyard ? 
 i showed up at his apartment at the coffin club . 
 i have to admit , he was surprised , alexander began . 
 when he lifted the door open , he saw only me standing before him -- valentine was hanging by the elevator . 
 jagger was primed for an encounter , his fists clenched , his fangs flashing . 
 but when he saw valentine next to me , a wave of relief overcame him . 
 i ` d never seen him like that . 
 jagger was so happy to have valentine safe i think all the blood rushed out of him . 
 wow , you really are a hero , i gushed . 
 it was obvious jagger had mixed feelings that i was the one who had returned valentine to him . 
 he ` s spent so much time seeking revenge on me for not having a covenant ceremony with luna he did n`t know how to respond . 
 for the first time i can remember , jagger and i were n`t rivals . 
 i wish i ` d been there to see it , i said . 
 he clutched my hand . 
 after he hugged his brother , alexander continued , jagger extended his hand to me . 
 it was then that i knew a truce was formed -- between him and me and our families . 
 returning valentine safely was more important than completing any covenant ceremony . 
 do you think you guys will be friends now ? 
 alexander shook his head . 
 sadly no . 
 we ` re polar opposites and do n`t have much in common . 
 but now that things are peaceful between the two of us , it ` s probably best for him and me not to see each other for a while so we can keep it that way . 
 alexander took a drink from his goblet . 
 i am really glad you are here , he said quietly . 
 i am too ! 
 we locked eyes . 
 for a moment it was as if we were the only two people in the world . 
 billions of people were shopping , driving , living , but the only person i was aware of was the gorgeous guy staring back at me . 
 alexander leaned over and gently kissed me . 
 i was so lost in his kiss , i did n`t realize my sleeve was sitting in my dinner . 
 here , let me , he said , dabbing his napkin in his water glass and brushing off the butter stain . 
 ca n`t take me anywhere , i joked . 
 so , when will you be returning to dullsville ? 
 i hinted . 
 tomorrow ? 
 next week ? 
 i just have one more thing to take care of . 
 it should n`t take much longer . 
 i promise . 
 believe me , it ` s lonely not being around the people you care about most . 
 alexander gently smiled at me . 
 i felt a twinge of sadness for him . 
 in romania he had his family . 
 in dullsville he had me and jameson . 
 but here in hipsterville , he and jameson were all alone . 
 how is your family ? 
 he politely asked . 
 billy boy misses you like crazy . 
 you ` re like a hero to him . 
 when i return to dullsville , we ` ll have to take him to a science fair or a screening of the original star wars . 
 i laughed . 
 see ? 
 that is why you ` re so special . 
 you think about doing what he likes to do rather than doing something i 'd like to do -- like dragging him to a rave . 
 alexander smiled . 
 and becky ? 
 he continued . 
 is she still dating matt ? 
 i think she ` s picking out her wedding dress as we speak . 
 i ` m sure she ` s counting down the days until graduation so she can elope . 
 alexander laughed . 
 and you ? 
 are you anything like becky ? 
 his gaze was so deliberate , it nearly bore through my soul . 
 for once i was speechless . 
 i was as much of a giddy and googly-eyed girly girl as becky ever was . 
 but i could n`t confess that i was weak-kneed in an i ` d tattoo your name on my heart if only my parents would let me way . 
 i had to appear at least remotely sophisticated . 
 alexander , however , was waiting for my response . 
 did you hear that there are crop circles popping up in town ? 
 i asked . 
 alexander put down his fork . 
 where did you learn that ? 
 it ` s all over the news . 
 do you think it ` s aliens ? 
 he paused . 
 i guess it could be ... well , my aunt libby and i had a major discussion about it . 
 guess what my theory is . 
 practical jokers ? 
 i think it ` s vampires , signaling the whereabouts of other vampires . 
 alexander ` s eyes widened and he choked on his water . 
 are you okay ? 
 he nodded his head and covered his mouth with his napkin . 
 it makes perfect sense , i continued . 
 who else is up at night while most mortals sleep ? 
 and who can see the circles better than bats flying over the horizon ? 
 i said . 
 alexander gave me a blank look . 
 but i was undeterred . 
 the only thing i have n`t figured out is what the crop circles mean . 
 i leaned into alexander intently . 
 are they warning other vampires to stay away or inviting them in ? 
 alexander quickly broke our gaze . 
 jameson burst into the room carrying a dessert tray , ending my investigation . 
 just in time , alexander said . 
 we ` re finished . 
 jameson presented us with two perfectly delectable crand # 65533 ; me brand # 65533 ; land # 65533 ; es . 
 it ` s like eating at a five-star restaurant ! 
 i complimented him . 
 jameson ` s pale flesh turned pink as he wheeled back our dinner plates . 
 there is so much to do while we are here , i said excitedly , digging into my dessert . 
 you ` ll have to meet aunt libby . 
 then there ` s hot gothics . 
 and of course the coffin club ! 
 alexander gave me a stern look . 
 not the coffin club . 
 do n`t worry , i can get in . 
 i have a fake id . 
 that ` s not what i meant . 
 a club like that is not a place a girl like you should frequent . 
 a girl like me ? 
 i laughed in disbelief . 
 it ` s a goth club . 
 it was made for me ! 
 ever since i visited it last time , i dreamed that we could return there together . 
 what could possibly happen ? 
 a girl in a bar ? 
 he asked , like i had two heads . 
 do n`t you watch the news ? 
 i know , i said , rolling my eyes like i was getting scolded by my parents . 
 it ` s not the safest place ... but -- last time you met jagger . 
 remember ? 
 alexander had a point . 
 i did n`t have the greatest track record with my decisions . 
 my curiosity had drawn my boyfriend ` s nemesis right to him , creating a lot of danger for him and my family . 
 all right , i finally admitted . 
 disappointed , i chiseled away at the burnt sugar topping stuck to the inside of the bowl . 
 alexander placed his ghost white hand on my pale one . 
 we will go , but together . 
 can we go tonight ? 
 i asked , perking up . 
 how about tomorrow . 
 i was n`t expecting company , remember ? 
 oh , yes , of course . 
 i remembered intruding on him . 
 then i furrowed my brow skeptically and challenged him . 
 you do n`t have a hot date , do you ? 
 yes . 
 i do , as a matter of fact . 
 you do ? 
 yes , and it is almost ending . 
 alexander glanced at an antique marble clock sitting on the mantel of the unused fireplace . 
 the clock was barely ticking , and the minute hand was broken . 
 i did n`t want my evening to end , but i knew of course it had to . 
 he wiped his mouth with his linen napkin and then grabbed my hand . 
 i ` m so glad you did come , he said adoringly . 
 you never fail to surprise me . 
 you surprise me , too ... i took a deep breath , then asked , why are you both still here ? 
 just then jameson returned to collect the dishes . 
 for the time being , alexander was off the hook . 
 allow me , miss raven , jameson said . 
 alexander and his butler placed the dishes on the top shelf of the cart . 
 jameson will drive you back to your aunt ` s apartment . 
 i glanced at the broken clock , still struggling to figure out the correct time . 
 jameson can drop me off at my aunt ` s drumming class . 
 it ` s much closer . 
 i believe you may have met my aunt libby . 
 she works at happy homes . 
 that beautiful woman is your aunt ? 
 i should have known . 
 she is quite charming ... just like her niece , said jameson . 
 i look forward to meeting her , alexander said . 
 then with a whisper : although you ` ll have to make a few excuses for me not being seen in the daylight . 
 excuses ? 
 i wrote the book ! 
 i ` ve got one for every occasion . 
 like a victorian gentleman minus the top hat , white gloves , and british accent , alexander escorted me out the door and down the rock path while jameson brought the car around . 
 will i see you tomorrow ? 
 i asked my boyfriend as i snuggled in his arms . 
 of course . 
 i miss you already . 
 i do , too . 
 alexander leaned into me and gave me a long , luxurious good-night kiss . 
 he graciously opened the back door of the mercedes and helped me step in . 
 as we drove off , alexander stood in the driveway , the mammoth-sized manor house looming behind him like a medieval monster . 
 jameson was kind enough to chauffeur me to hipsterville ` s old town folk music center , but the short five-mile drive from the manor house to the hippie school of music seemed to take longer than the journey from dullsville to hipsterville . 
 if i ` d pushed the car myself , we ` d have made it faster . 
 now that jameson and i had some quality time , i figured i ` d make the most of it . 
 i tried to pump the creepy man for info on valentine and jagger , but he was as evasive as alexander . 
 that was so kind of you and alexander to reunite valentine with his family , i began when we drove past gerald ` s gas station . 
 it was the right thing to do , he said sweetly . 
 did you see jagger ? 
 i waited on pins , needles , and piercing , bracing for his response . 
 no , i did n`t . 
 i left that to alexander . 
 so much for the facts on that conversation . 
 i bet ruby misses you , i said , referring to my former boss who was now dating jameson . 
 jameson ` s bulgy eyes brightened in the rearview mirror and his pale face flushed bright red with the mention of her name . 
 has she come for a visit ? 
 i pried . 
 oh , no . 
 we are hoping to return to the mansion shortly . 
 really , then why did you rent the manor house ? 
 you could have just stayed in a hotel . 
 i do n`t stay anywhere that already has a housekeeper , jameson joked . 
 i felt as if i were playing a game of tennis with my dad . 
 with all my might , i lobbed the ball over the net only to have it returned so hard i did n`t have a chance to swing . 
 frustrated , i always had to take a moment to collect myself . 
 time for another serve . 
 do you miss romania ? 
 i asked . 
 oh yes , it ` s so beautiful there . 
 but i am also quite happy here , in america . 
 i ` ve met some people that i am quite fond of , miss raven . 
 i knew he was politely referring to ruby and me . 
 but i wanted more . 
 what were alexander ` s and jameson ` s plans ? 
 do you think you ` ll marry ruby ? 
 uh ... if so , will you live in the manor house ? 
 or in the mansion ? 
 i ` m not planning ... well , if you did . 
 i suppose ... it would be up to ... why all of the questions , miss raven ? 
 we were volleying steadily now , and it was time for me to end the match . 
 i paused , then asked , i ` m just wondering , what are you and alexander doing here ? 
 jameson pulled the car to the curb in front of the old town folk music center . 
 i ` d swung too hard , hitting the ball over the fence . 
 the match ended , jameson the obvious winner . 
 the rain had subsided and the streetlights and lampposts were dripping wet . 
 jameson climbed out of the mercedes and kindly held the door open for me , like i was an a-list starlet arriving at a premiere . 
 the only thing missing were the paparazzi . 
 i waved good-bye and was heading for old town when i noticed something flashing at the end of the block -- the flickering neon red sign of the coffin club . 
 as jameson puttered down the street , i paused . 
 the sounds of banging drums pulsed out of the music center . 
 it was as if the blinking neon coffins were drawing me to them , like a vulture to a corpse . 
 no one would be the wiser if i just popped my head in for a nonalcoholic bubbly execution ... or two . 
 i held my breath in wild anticipation of seeing the coffin club up close once again , but when i approached the underground club , i was shocked . 
 more than a hundred young goths were anxiously awaiting admittance to the club -- twice as long a line as i remembered it being last time . 
 the procession of clubsters , dressed similarly to me -lrb- except sporting different-colored streaks , tattoos , piercings , and shoes -rrb- , wrapped the block like a line at disney world . 
 i ` d be lucky if i gained entrance before summer break was over . 
 frustrated , i began walking toward the end of the line . 
 i was about halfway down the block when i noticed a guy with a cape and vinyl pants bent over , adjusting his monster boots . 
 i snuck in the space before him and tried to appear inconspicuous . 
 i avoided any trouble by standing with my back to him and gazed at the stars and then a few birds flying above the roof of the club . 
 when the birds began to hover instead of fly off , i realized i ` d spotted a cluster of bats . 
 how wicked -- bats at the coffin club ! 
 i checked my watch . 
 aunt libby ` s class was going to end in less than an hour , and it appeared that i ` d be spending the time waiting in this never-ending line . 
 i anxiously shifted back and forth . 
 i peered out toward the club ` s entrance to see if there was an obvious holdup , but there was n`t anything more than a bouncer checking ids . 
 it was then i noticed a familiar couple standing at the head of the line . 
 i leaned out , holding my place with one foot like a checkers player holds his place with his finger before making his next move . 
 it was primus and poison , two clubsters i ` d snuck in front of last time i ` d visited the club . 
 primus and poison . 
 how could i forget their names when all i ` d ever known were names like billy , matt , or becky ? 
 i took a chance and stepped out of line , racing up to the macabre duo . 
 primus ! 
 poison ! 
 it ` s me , raven ! 
 the pair scrutinized me . 
 it was clear they wanted to recognize me -- after all , i did know their names . 
 but i could tell by their gaze that they could n`t place my face . 
 i met you a few months ago , here in line , i said , finagling my way into the crowded line beside them . 
 oh yeah , primus , a marilyn manson look-alike , said , finally remembering . 
 how are you doing ? 
 poison looked at me with venom in her eyes . 
 i ` m great ! 
 i said to primus . 
 it ` s so cool to see you again . 
 then i turned to poison . 
 i love your corset ! 
 it ` s beautiful ! 
 poison ` s disposition changed . 
 i just threw this together . 
 no way ! 
 you should be a model for gothic beauty . 
 one could hear the sudden sound of a motorcycle ` s engine revving above the other street noises and the throbbing music bleeding out of the coffin club . 
 a harley-davidson night rod shot up the street and screeched to a halt in an empty vip space right in front of the club . 
 the hot rod had a sleek and sexy design , black-walled tires with orange pinstripes . 
 the rider took off his helmet , emblazoned with a white skull and crossbones , unleashing shoulder-length jagged purple hair with black undertones . 
 wearing dark ray-bans and dressed in stud-and-chain-riddled leather pants and jacket , the motorcycle rider confidently hopped off his night rod , nodded to the bouncer , and walked right into the club as if he owned it . 
 who ` s he ? 
 i wondered aloud . 
 a celeb ? 
 i did n`t recognize him . 
 they all think they are movie stars here now , primus said . 
 yes , this club has tripled in size in the last few months . 
 and so has the attitude , poison added . 
 the line inched forward , and before i knew it we were presenting the burly bouncer with our ids . 
 the gatekeeper immediately stamped the image of a bat on primus ` s and poison ` s hands and strapped barbed-wire-shaped bracelets on their wrists , but he scrutinized my card like he was checking a passport at an international airport . 
 poison doubled back and got right in the bouncer ` s face . 
 she comes here all the time , she said . 
 i ca n`t believe you do n`t remember her . 
 the bouncer lifted his gaze back to me , his expression one of disdain , then shifted it to the waiting line , sporting streaks in various colors of the gothic rainbow . 
 i had blue hair last time , i said . 
 oh , that was you ? 
 he asked seriously . 
 he stamped my hand with the coffin club bat and wrapped a band around my wrist . 
 i had gained passage to the coffin club . 
 we slipped behind the bouncer , headed past the bloodred carpet and rope and two skeleton greeters , and before i knew it i was walking through the black wooden coffin-shaped doors . 
 thanks , i said to poison . 
 everyone says i look younger than i am . 
 i bet you get that a lot , since you have such flawless skin . 
 poison ` s ghost white face lit up . 
 she put her arm around me . 
 i ` ll buy the first round , she said . 
 the coffin club was still morbidly magical . 
 neon headstones flashed against black spray-painted cement walls . 
 pale mannequins , dressed in antique clothing or victorian suits or bound in leather , hung from the rafters . 
 music pulsed hard throughout the club as if the dj were trying to wake the dead . 
 a balcony , the place where i ` d first encountered alexander ` s nemesis , jagger , loomed over the vampire-wannabe crowded dance floor , blood-filled amulets swinging from necks like olympic medals . 
 but primus was right . 
 the coffin club had changed in the last few months . 
 the club was packed , black wall to black wall , with clubsters . 
 the thick dry ice permeated the air like a jack the ripper london fog , making it difficult to see . 
 and where , as last time , i got stares as i ventured through the club , this time the clubsters were intensely partying and seemingly uninterested in a newbie . 
 i followed primus and poison to the bar , but other eager patrons pushed their way in front of me , leaving me to fall behind . 
 i could see their heads above the crowd as i squeezed between the clubsters . 
 when i thought i ` d finally reached them , i realized i ` d been following another couple the entire time . 
 i popped out at the miniand # 65533 ; flea market , where for a small price a clubster could buy anything from an amulet to a sit-down with a numerologist . 
 the packed dance floor was next to the row of sellers , but the bar was nowhere in sight . 
 i squeezed my way back between the dancing and drinking clubsters , past the giant tombstone-shaped restroom doors marked monsters and ghouls . 
 i finally saw a wall filled with bottles , spiderwebs clinging to them . 
 i knew i had found the holy grail . 
 but the bar was so jammed with thirsty customers it was impossible to see who was bartending or where primus and poison were located . 
 i squished my way through . 
 just as a girl was sliding off a tombstone - shaped barstool , i jumped on it . 
 a guy sitting next to me spun around . 
 he was wearing more eyeliner than alice cooper , and it did n`t look as good on him as it did on the elder rocker . 
 i ` ll buy you whatever you want , he said , slurring his way into my face and space . 
 i spotted the bartender , romeo , but neither my barmate nor i attracted his attention . 
 romeo responded to every wave of a ten-dollar bill but continued to ignore us . 
 when he passed by for the hundredth time , i leaned over the bar and grabbed his tattooed arm . 
 since alexander and jameson had been mum about all things maxwell , i thought this was my chance to get some inside scoop . 
 did jagger go back to romania ? 
 i asked . 
 romeo , holding a beer in each hand , glared at me . 
 the mention of jagger ` s name gave him pause . 
 like primus and poison , he did n`t recognize me . 
 who wants to know ? 
 he asked suspiciously . 
 raven . 
 is he in town ? 
 or did he go back to romania ? 
 raven ... your name sounds familiar . 
 i realized i should n`t have let romeo know i was looking for jagger . 
 i was n`t a regular clubster ; i was the girlfriend of jagger ` s nemesis . 
 alexander had already reunited valentine with him . 
 now it appeared as if i was stirring up trouble . 
 how could i have been so stupid ? 
 i ` ll have a medieval massacre , and the lady will have -- , my barmate began . 
 i ` ll be right back , i said , knowing i would n`t return . 
 it was time to call it a night . 
 i ` d lost primus and poison . 
 i ` d been asking about locations of nefarious vampires . 
 and i was an underage girl alone at a bar . 
 i ` d better arrive at old town before this black-fingernailed cinderella turned into a pumpkin . 
 fatigue set in as i headed for the entrance doors . 
 it was starting to hit me that when i ` d woken up this morning , i was in dullsville . 
 i began to feel dizzy as i pushed and squeezed my way through the fog-filled club , my safety pins getting tangled on other clubsters ` chains . 
 when i glanced up , i ` d reached a wall that was unfamiliar but had a coffin-shaped door . 
 i tried to open it , but it was stuck . 
 i turned the knob and pushed my body against it . 
 the door flung open and i stumbled into a barely lit area . 
 it took me several steps before i realized that instead of exiting into the street , i had entered a dimly lit corridor . 
 i would have turned back , but i heard music -lrb- different from the song being played in the coffin club -rrb- pulsing from the other end . 
 perhaps it was coming from jagger ` s apartment -- the very one he had shown me when i visited the club on my last trip . 
 it would take only a moment for me to find out . 
 a single overhead naked bulb lit the cryptic corridor , and graffiti lined the cement walls like an urban overpass . 
 when i reached the end of the corridor , i discovered another smaller tunnellike path , with arched stone walls and a very narrow , steep staircase that plummeted into darkness . 
 i let the rusty handrail go untouched and crept down the stairs . 
 they led to a single wooden dungeon door . 
 written in bloodred spray-painted letters was : dead end . 
 was this someone ` s office ? 
 or perhaps another entrance to the apartment jagger had been living in ? 
 i pressed my ear to the coffin-lid door . 
 i could hear a mixture of music and voices . 
 i slowly turned the knob and pushed the door , but it would n`t budge . 
 i heard some voices behind me and the sound of footsteps descending the stairs . 
 it was a dead end -- i had nowhere to go . 
 i knew at any moment i might be kicked out of the club and perhaps hipsterville altogether -- if i lived to tell . 
 two guys with the complexion of corpses , one blond , one redhead , confronted me . 
 ca n`t get in ? 
 the blond one asked . 
 i forgot my key , i said flippantly . 
 it ` s okay , i have mine . 
 he unclipped a skeleton key swinging from a chain attached to his studded belt . 
 getting in is easy , the blond said . 
 that is , if you make it past dragon , his friend retorted . 
 but getting out is harder , the blond warned . 
 i did n`t know what lay on the other side or why a key was required to unlock the door . 
 i ` d also never heard of a guard shielding the inside of a door . 
 the coffin lid creaked open . 
 we stepped into a dark and dingy foyer where we were greeted by a monstrous-looking bouncer the size of a small dinosaur . 
 black fabric hung behind him like at a car wash , blocking any view of what he was guarding . 
 the bouncer ` s head was shaved , and inked on it was the head of a dragon , its reptilian wings breaking out of his white tank top and wrapping his terminator biceps . 
 i did n`t dare ask to see the bottom half of the fiery dragon . 
 the two corpselike guys showed him their keys , walked through a slit in the fabric , then disappeared . 
 where is yours ? 
 he grumbled . 
 he has it , i said , pointing to the guy i ` d followed in . 
 please , they ` re waiting for me . 
 he paused , inspecting me to see if i was worthy of passing . 
 i ` d flashed him my best do n`t make me ask to see the manager face when the door opened again and a group of clubsters , draped in black and sporting white fangs , entered . 
 next time , keep it on you , he said . 
 otherwise you ` ll be banned . 
 i pushed through the fabric before dragon changed his mind . 
 what lay on the other side blew my mind -- it was a massive underground tomb . 
 an ancient-looking subterranean cemetery , with serpentine catacombs and graves dug out in the stone walls and dirt floors , like something unearthed on the history channel . 
 it was creepy , dark and dangerous . 
 in the center , a sunken dance floor with a hard-rocking band played on a fluorescent-lit stage . 
 spray-painted in red on the wall behind the bandmates were the words the dungeon with a pair of real shackles and chains hanging down . 
 suspended above was a candelabra chandelier where a disco ball might be . 
 surrounding the dance floor were hallowed tombs carved into the walls , like a skeletal morgue , and fifteen-foot-high stone archways leading to cavelike rooms . 
 where mummies would have been buried instead were live bodies , drinking , smoking , and making out . 
 each cave was lined with black or red velvet and had puffy leather couches with canoodling couples . 
 more than a few entranceways spawned darkened tunnels , their destinations unknown from my vantage point . 
 some bore signs -- the executioner ` s lounge , the torture chamber , dracula`s den -- while others remained bare like an unmarked grave . 
 as morbid as the buried club was , the clubsters themselves were stylishly ghoulish . 
 the dancers were uniformly pale , blue lips covered with red gloss . 
 the clubsters ranged in dress from goth to punk to gothic lolitas . 
 each appeared to be more seductive than the next . 
 the club ` s stone walls dripped with danger , while its inhabitants oozed with sensuality . 
 though its existence and location were secretive and secluded , i ` d stumbled upon a cryptically wicked party scene . 
 this club was far more intimate and sinister than its sister club above . 
 and unlike the patrons upstairs , these ghost white clubsters appeared inviting . 
 guys and girls alike checked me out as i made my way through . 
 some stared at me as if they guessed i did n`t have a key to enter , while other oglers did n`t seem to care . 
 guys were kissing girls ` necks , wrists , and every place with a prominent vein as the girls smiled back with delight . 
 this crowd was definitely a whole lot friendlier . 
 hi . 
 want to dance ? 
 a guy approached me as i was avoiding stepping into a grave , while another girl , her nose as long as a witch ` s , just followed me . 
 i have n`t seen you around before . 
 are you single ? 
 i know the perfect guy for you . 
 but instead of obliging them , i snuck up to the bar and hopped on a barstool . 
 a bartender , his hair flowing down to the dirt floor , set a black dungeon bar napkin in front of me . 
 we have imports or domestic . 
 uh ... how about local ? 
 the bartender laughed . 
 it ` s ladies ` night . 
 girls drink free . 
 i was as thirsty as a bloodless vampire . 
 in that case ... something nonalcoholic . 
 sure ... why dilute it . 
 he grabbed a vintage green bottle , poured its contents into a pewter glass , then pushed the drink to me . 
 the drink smelled peculiar . 
 i was hoping it would taste like supersweet kool-aid , but it appeared to have the consistency of tomato juice . 
 i touched it with my finger and examined it closely . 
 then i realized it was neither kool-aid nor tomato juice -- it was blood . 
 was this a mistake , or perhaps a practical joke ? 
 can i get some water , too ? 
 i asked , flagging him down . 
 do n`t you like it ? 
 it ` s delicious , i said , not wanting to draw attention to myself . 
 i ` d like to finish it off with a glass of water . 
 he placed another goblet next to my blood-filled one while i rubbed my hand with a bacterial wipe underneath the bar . 
 i smelled the new glass . 
 who knows -- it could have been filled with whiskey . 
 there was n`t any noticeable scent , so i took a small sip . 
 i was in luck . 
 it was ordinary hipsterville tap water . 
 i guzzled it down , then placed a tip on the bar . 
 i was getting ready to hop off the stool when someone put their hand on my shoulder . 
 a slender guy with a five o`clock shadow sat at the bar next to me . 
 where are you from ? 
 i rolled my eyes and recoiled my shoulder from his hand . 
 i do n`t mean that as a pickup line ; i really meant it -- where are you from ? 
 are you taking a survey ? 
 as a matter of fact ... i did n`t feel like telling a stranger my personal address . 
 it was enough that jagger had followed me home from the coffin club last time i ` d visited hipsterville . 
 i did n`t want five o`clock shadow showing up at my house , shaved or not . 
 you ` ll have to find someone else for your survey . 
 i ` ve never seen you here before . 
 how did you find out about this place ? 
 a little bat told me . 
 he cracked a smile . 
 and you ? 
 i asked , only to be polite . 
 the crop circles . 
 then i knew there was a population of our kind here . 
 aliens ? 
 i asked . 
 the stranger laughed again . 
 i was intrigued by his response , but i knew if i pressed him for more info , he ` d interpret our continuing conversation as a come-on . 
 let me buy you a drink , he said , moving close . 
 thanks anyway ; i ` m not staying . 
 you ` re cautious . 
 i understand ... we all are . 
 that ` s why the coffin club is the hottest underground club . 
 we can all be ourselves . 
 by the way , my name is leopold . 
 uh ... i ` m. . . 
 i felt something vibrating in my purse . 
 i reached in -- it was my cell . 
 saved by the bell -- or in this case vibration . 
 i have to take this , i said , leaving the bar . 
 i flipped my cell open and snuck under a stone archway . 
 raven ? 
 it was aunt libby . 
 i could barely hear her . 
 how are you ? 
 hi , aunt libby , i shouted back . 
 i ` m fine . 
 what are you doing ? 
 i can hardly hear you . 
 i sauntered through the catacombs , heading away from the noisy dance floor . 
 i have your stereo cranked . 
 you ` ll have to turn it down . 
 i do n`t want my neighbors to complain . 
 of course . 
 i ` ll turn it off as soon as we hang up . 
 are you having a good time ? 
 can you talk louder ? 
 i asked , holding my other ear closed with my index finger . 
 are you having fun ? 
 i ` m sure you ` re bored to tears . 
 it ` s not too bad , i bellowed back , continuing to walk . 
 i wish you had come to class with me . 
 our teacher was from kenya . 
 he was truly amazing . 
 do n`t worry about me . 
 i ` m having a great time by myself , i said truthfully . 
 what ? 
 i ca n`t hear you . 
 i ` m having a great time , i shouted as a few clubsters dressed in cosplay outfits passed me . 
 class will be letting out shortly . 
 i ` ll see you soon . 
 take your time , aunt libby . 
 what ? 
 you do n`t have to rush on account of me . 
 i ca n`t hear you . 
 we ` ll talk when i get home . 
 see you soon . 
 she hung up before i had a chance to stall her departure . 
 it was imperative that i beat aunt libby home . 
 i dropped my cell in my purse and realized i ` d lost my sense of direction . 
 was the dungeon dance floor to the right or the left ? 
 i had a fifty-fifty chance of making the correct choice . 
 naked bulbs lit the way through the stone tunnel , and a few more catacombs splintered off . 
 i ` d been so focused on my conversation with aunt libby that i had n`t made any mental directional notes . 
 i needed a trail of bread crumbs . 
 i noticed some skulls lining the tunnel like a kitchen border . 
 i did n`t remember seeing them when i was talking on the phone , but then again , i was n`t looking . 
 the tunnel was dimly lit and confining . 
 the stone walls leaned as if caving in on me as i paced in indecision . 
 i heard some voices and laughter coming from one end , so i followed them . 
 cautiously i crept through the catacombs , trying not to trip on the uneven terrain . 
 the winding tunnel dumped into a small room . 
 the cove . 
 a dozen or so clubsters , their backs to me , were listening to what i thought might have been a stand-up comic . 
 i was curious why they chose to listen instead of jamming on the dance floor . 
 but this was no ordinary blue-jean-wearing comedian . 
 he wore a dark hoodie , pulled over his head , obscuring his deathly pale face , and he was n`t making the crowd laugh . 
 the dungeon should take a new direction . 
 why hide in obscurity when there is so much more we can do ? 
 he challenged . 
 catching the glare of a single stagelight was a gold skeleton key dangling from a black lanyard around his neck like a backstage pass to a rock concert . 
 i agree . 
 why deny who we are ? 
 a girl asked , a snake wrapped around her neck like a mink stole . 
 that ` s why this club is so important , so we can be ourselves , another began . 
 but the dungeon is a secret and safe place we can call our own . 
 is n`t it time we make ourselves known ? 
 the snake whisperer argued , caressing the reptile . 
 many of us are becoming frustrated remaining hidden . 
 but many others feel safer among ourselves , one clubster admitted . 
 we do n`t get along with outsiders , another said . 
 maybe it ` s time that we try , a girl in the front row said . 
 so we can be like them and lose our identity ? 
 another asked . 
 the tension grew from both sides . 
 the speaker held his hands up . 
 calm down . 
 we must all be united . 
 a guy hanging next to me asked , what do you think ? 
 all at once the group was staring straight at me . 
 the snake , still coiled around his owner , hissed . 
 i think it ` s time for me to get back to the dance floor ! 
 i stole my way back into the once deadly tunnel . 
 my eyes did n`t have a chance to adjust to the darkness and i bumped into a pair of girls . 
 i stiffened but was too tired for a barroom brawl . 
 excuse me , i said . 
 do you know the way back to the dance floor ? 
 the girls , unlike the pradabees at dullsville high , were n`t confrontational . 
 instead i felt a warmth and friendliness emanating from them . 
 the two girls appeared to be my age . 
 one wore an indigo blue corset dress , while the other sported a baby doll dress and thigh-high silver-laced boots . 
 their purple-hued vampy makeup dramatically accentuated their draculine features . 
 one had long red curly hair and the other ` s jet black hair was straight as a blade . 
 follow me , the girl in the corset dress directed , linking our arms . 
 i ` m onyx , and this is scarlet . 
 what ` s your name ? 
 she flashed a gorgeous smile , revealing a tiny black onyx jewel embedded on one of her fangs . 
 wow -- where did you get those ? 
 i began . 
 they look so real . 
 she flashed her fangs again . 
 it is . 
 we can totally get yours done , too . 
 i was taken aback . 
 onyx was referring to the jewel , while i was referring to her fangs . 
 how do you find your way around the club ? 
 i asked . 
 it took us an eternity , scarlet replied . 
 before i knew it , i ` d made it safely to the center of the club , two new friends in tow . 
 thank you so much , i said . 
 now i ` ll be on my way -- their bright expressions turned sallow . 
 do n`t you want to dance ? 
 here i was hanging out with two of the coolest girls i ` d ever met -- when i ` d been excluded by cliques my whole life . 
 it was thrilling to be immediately accepted as myself . 
 and i did n`t know when i ` d get a chance to come to the dungeon again . 
 okay , one song ! 
 i relented . 
 we thrashed around and giggled like we ` d been best friends since childhood . 
 i envisioned what life would have been like for me if scarlet and onyx had grown up in dullsville . 
 we ` d have sleepovers during the day , paint our nails by moonlight , and gossip in the graveyard . 
 we rocked so hard , i thought my fake tattoos were going to fall off . 
 the vampire theme was taken to the extreme in the dungeon . 
 clubsters writhed together as if drinking in each other ` s souls . 
 as lustful guys ` lips lay on giddy girls ` necks , it was unclear where one clubster began and the other ended . 
 i was intoxicated by the music , the dangerous feel of the club , and my acceptance by scarlet and onyx . 
 then i noticed the time . 
 i really have to go . 
 already ? 
 but we can dance until dawn , scarlet offered , tossing her luscious thick red curly hair off her shoulder . 
 i ca n`t . 
 i ` m supposed to meet someone . 
 is he dreamy ? 
 onyx asked . 
 is he like us ? 
 scarlet prodded . 
 i was too embarrassed to say i was meeting my aunt . 
 i ` ll give you my number . 
 scarlet opened my purse , pulled out my cell , and punched in a ten-digit number . 
 call whenever you want , except during the day . 
 my parents despise being woken up . 
 she hugged me hard , as did onyx . 
 i hated to leave . 
 besides being with alexander , i was having the best time of my life . 
 i was reluctant to leave my discovery of the dungeon behind . 
 when i stepped off the dance floor i noticed my boot had come unlaced . 
 i hobbled off to one side , avoiding any clubsters who might trip over my long shoestrings . 
 i had kicked up my boot on a chair and leaned on the archway for support when i sensed someone ` s piercing gaze . 
 buried in the shadows of a small cavelike lounge , i could barely see the silhouette of a person sitting alone . 
 curious , i inched forward . 
 from a safe distance , i peered through the darkness . 
 a candelabra perched on the table gently illuminated the figure . 
 first i saw motorcycle boots , crossed at the ankle , resting on the dirt floor , then tight black leather pants , like cellophane . 
 i could see the sleeves of his motorcycle jacket , his chain , and his studded arms folded . 
 i stepped a tiny bit closer and leaned into the ray of light . 
 purple hair flopped over black sunglasses . 
 he seemed to be staring straight at me . 
 it took a moment , but i broke his binding gaze and retreated into the safety of the shadows , or so i hoped . 
 why was the motorcycle guy checking me out ? 
 and sitting alone like he was waiting to hold court ? 
 i felt strangely drawn to him . 
 his stare was magnetic . 
 several rough-looking clubsters approached him -- but instead of greeting him like one of the guys by slapping him on the arm or high-fiving him , they all nodded and entered the small chamber , sat down at the table around him , and waited for him to speak . 
 i desperately wanted to hear their secret conversation and get a handle on who or what this biker was all about . 
 he does n`t have any idea about what vampires truly need , one clubster told the biker . 
 i think it ` s time we do something , another said . 
 before he ruins our plans , a third added . 
 the purple-haired biker leaned in , out of earshot . 
 the cagey guys were listening to him so intently , i could tell they were as entranced as i was . 
 if the biker was these barbaric clubsters ` leader , i could only imagine that i ` d encountered someone twice as dangerous as jagger and valentine . 
 i felt my heart race again throughout my body when i realized my cell phone was vibrating . 
 aunt libby again . 
 everyone , except for the biker , turned and glared at me . 
 but the rock star biker dude remained still . 
 it was as if he knew i had been standing there the whole time . 
 i quickly headed for the archway leading back to the dance floor when all at once someone was standing in front of me , blocking my way . 
 i took a breath and looked up . 
 his purple hair flopped down , seductively , over his ray - bans . 
 his stern , hypnotic gaze bore through the dark lenses . 
 there was something powerful about the mysterious stranger . 
 he smelled like obsession and towered over me in his thick motorcycle boots . 
 how did you get in ? 
 he asked in a heavy romanian accent . 
 do you own the club ? 
 no , but i might . 
 his leather jacket crackled as he folded his arms . 
 i have n`t seen you before . 
 his head lowered and it appeared he was checking out my neck . 
 i suspect you do n`t belong . 
 i fiddled with my earring , covering my smooth , bite-free neck with my palm . 
 i felt slightly intimidated by him , but it did n`t prevent me from talking back . 
 how would you know ? 
 i challenged . 
 his glasses and hair cast a shadow over his face , making him hard to read . 
 i was n`t sure if he broke a smile . 
 by his body language , i knew he was serious . 
 it is best that you leave . 
 membership to our club comes at a very high price . 
 but perhaps i can explain more over a drink . 
 no thanks . 
 i already have a boyfriend . 
 then he is a very lucky guy , he complimented me . 
 my name is phoenix slater , he said , extending his hand and grabbing mine . 
 and you are ? 
 leaving , i said , pulling my hand away . 
 i had made it halfway to the dungeon door when he slithered his arm around me . 
 angry , i spun around but was n`t prepared for who i now confronted . 
 staring back at me were one metallic green eye and one ice blue eye . 
 jagger maxwell . 
 i gasped . 
 it had been a few months since i ` d seen alexander ` s nemesis up close and personal . 
 jagger looked exactly the same -- white hair with red tips , as if they ` d been dipped in blood . 
 three silver rings pierced his left ear , and a tattoo on his arm read possess . 
 he was holding the dark hoodie . 
 he closed in on me like a spider to a fly . 
 what are you doing here ? 
 i asked , moving back . 
 what are you doing here ? 
 he demanded , slithering close . 
 i thought you were in romania . 
 i thought you were in alexander ` s arms . 
 i came here to see -- yes ? 
 he watched my lips intensely , waiting for my response . 
 my aunt . 
 does your aunt belong to this club ? 
 he asked , mocking me . 
 what is she , forty ? 
 fifty ? 
 i do n`t see anyone dancing with a walker . 
 she ` s not here , doofus , i said . 
 she lives in town , but you ` d better -- i have no interest in your aunt . 
 you , however ... he inhaled deeply , as if he were breathing me in , then licked his deadly pale lips . 
 i ` m curious why you are here . 
 this club is for members only . 
 but once you join , membership lasts for an eternity . 
 unless ... unless what ? 
 unless you ` ve already joined . 
 before i had a chance to stop him , he placed his cold hands against my chin and turned my head from one side to the other , inspecting my neck . 
 let go ! 
 i did n`t think so . 
 you really should n`t be here . 
 this is not a place for your kind . 
 i do n`t have a kind . 
 too bad . 
 is n`t this what you ` ve always dreamed of ? 
 he stared into my eyes and traced the neckline of my dress with his black-tipped fingernail . 
 he licked his lips and flashed his fangs . 
 phoenix pushed between us . 
 he and jagger locked eyes before jagger backed away . 
 dozens of clubsters gathered around , half on jagger ` s side , the others flanking phoenix , as if awaiting a deadly fight . 
 i did n`t know which side to choose . 
 even though i knew jagger was nefarious , i at least had an idea of who i was dealing with . 
 but as the tension grew between the two , i knew it was best to leave . 
 i escaped and hid behind the black curtain a few yards away . 
 when i caught my breath , i peered inside the slit in the fabric . 
 i was n`t quite sure what kind of club i ` d stumbled into , but i had an idea . 
 blood-filled drinks , flashing fangs , a club where membership lasts an eternity . 
 there was only one way to be sure . 
 i reached into my purse and pulled out ruby ` s compact . 
 i angled it behind me . 
 i took a deep breath and peered into the reflected glass . 
 i froze . 
 the crowded club and dance floor were empty . 
 i ` d just entered the real coffin club . 
 after i whisked past dragon , who was screening members , i sprinted up the steep staircase and out the coffin club ` s main entrance . 
 i heard the sound of a motorcycle engine behind me as i tore down the street to find aunt libby outside the old town folk music center , holding a large african drum under her arm , very surprised to see me . 
 i crashed on aunt libby ` s futon , but sleep did not immediately overtake me . 
 in the middle of the night , i heard a motorcycle charging down the street . 
 i sat up and peered out the pale blue curtained window . 
 there were no signs of phoenix or any other harley rider . 
 i fell back on the mattress but was still tightly wound by the night ` s events swirling around in my mind . 
 just when i thought i ` d seen everything , or knew all there was for a mortal to know about the underworld , i had stumbled into another unearthly adventure . 
 i thought my life had become rich enough when i found out alexander ` s vampire identity . 
 then i encountered jagger , luna , and valentine and their bloodthirsty ways . 
 who ever would have thought , living and growing up in dullsville -lrb- where the biggest event was the annual spring carnival -rrb- , that one day , not only would these events happen to me , but i would encounter a club where vampires were accepting me as one of their own . 
 it had been one thing to hang out with luna and encounter jagger in dullsville . 
 tonight was like nothing else i ` d experienced . 
 instead of going to the mall with becky , i ` d been dancing with vampires . 
 immersed in their world versus meeting a few in mine , i got to see what the underworld was like . 
 without the threat of mortals , they were free to be themselves . 
 flirting , drinking , and partying like any other clubster in an alternative club , except one thing -- the clientele were immortal bloodsucking vampires . 
 i replayed the night ` s events in my mind . 
 i wondered why jagger had remained in hipsterville . 
 was n`t his time better spent back in romania with luna and valentine ? 
 and who was this phoenix character ? 
 why was i , along with a rough gang of vampires , so drawn to him ? 
 was he more trouble than jagger ? 
 and what was his gang asking him to do ? 
 the worst thing about my new discoveries was that i would n`t be able to tell alexander anything . 
 not about primus and poison or my visit to the coffin club . 
 and mostly , i would n`t be able to utter a word about my entrance into the dungeon , meeting onyx and scarlet , or my encounter with jagger and phoenix . 
 this dark and deadly underworld was exactly why alexander left romania in the first place . 
 he was an outsider in the carnivorous world he ` d been born into . 
 if he knew that right under his nose there was a private club of vampires , he might feel lonelier . 
 perhaps alexander already knew about the crop circles and the underground club . 
 maybe that was the reason he and jameson were staying in hipsterville -- to see if anything would happen . 
 but then why would he have been so secretive and not told me ? 
 maybe it was i who should come clean . 
 tell him everything -- from jagger to phoenix . 
 but then i would risk alexander becoming involved with the dungeon , further delaying his return to dullsville . 
 for now , it was best to leave things as they were . 
 the plastic bracelet on my arm would be a dead giveaway to alexander about my sneak - in to the club . 
 i hated to keep a secret from him , but i had to think things through before i made the right decision . 
 if i cut the bracelet off , i did n`t stand a chance of being let back in . 
 i got up and grabbed my suitcase and snatched out a small black catz travel bag . 
 inside was a hello batty terry cloth wristband . 
 i slid it on and buried the plastic bracelet safely underneath . 
 i imagined myself back at the manor house , alexander holding me in his arms as we lay hidden away in his coffin in his monster-sized attic room . 
 nothing from the outside world or the underworld could distract us from the love that we shared together . 
 i was n`t even sure what time it was ; i only knew i was back at the dungeon . 
 the catacombs were filled with vampires -- lurking , thirsting , hungering , stalking -- hidden behind archways and in full view . 
 suddenly i was surrounded by a gang of vampire clubsters . 
 the dance floor was converted into a medieval baptism of sorts . 
 a covered coffin was lying in the center of the dirt dance floor enclosed by six-foot-high candelabras . 
 at the helm , two hooded members were holding court in ornate hand-carved thrones fit for vampire kings . 
 clubsters began chanting , new blood , new blood . 
 what ` s going on ? 
 i asked . 
 i finally found onyx and scarlet in the crowd of chanting vampires . 
 we ` re initiating a new member , onyx revealed excitedly . 
 my stomach caved in . 
 i was n`t ready to bear witness to someone going under the fang . 
 who ? 
 i asked . 
 scarlet laughed . 
 it ` s you ! 
 the crowd turned to me and all of a sudden clubsters were lifting me up and passing me over them like i was queen of the mosh pit . 
 the clubsters continued to chant , new blood , new blood . 
 i did my best to fight off the sea of black and bloodred-fingernailed hands , but two fists and two combat-booted feet did n`t stand a chance against the force of a crowd of hungry vampires . 
 i ` m not ready ! 
 i cried . 
 i ` m waiting for alexander ! 
 before i knew it , they lowered me onto the coffin and held my arms at bay , red-eyed vampires chanting , new blood , new blood around me . 
 get off ! 
 i cried , but the clubsters held my arms and legs tightly . 
 i noticed two familiar faces in the crowd around me -- primus and poison . 
 primus ! 
 poison ! 
 i called to them . 
 tell them i ` m not ready to join ! 
 we told you the coffin club had changed , primus said . 
 you should have stayed with us , but instead you got curious and opened the dungeon door , poison said . 
 now we are members , too ! 
 she flashed her fangs at me . 
 a pair of cloaked members arose from their thrones and approached me . 
 the smaller one held a goblet with one hand and with his other dipped his fingers into the cup . 
 then , like dripping wax , he drizzled the warm liquid on my neck , making soft strokes , marking me with a bloody x. no , i cried . 
 get off of me ! 
 the vampire took off his hood . 
 all i saw was white hair and two red eyes . 
 it was jagger . 
 i turned away . 
 there in the crowd staring straight back at me was alexander . 
 i sensed his disappointment in finding me here in the coffin club . 
 i reached out , but he backed away and disappeared into the crowd . 
 the other hooded member approached me . 
 a gold-fanged female unveiled his hood and jagged purple hair flopped out . 
 phoenix grinned a menacing grin , his fangs as sharp as knives . 
 he leaned into me and plunged his teeth into my neck . 
 no ! 
 i tried to cry , but i was voiceless . 
 i awoke with a gasp , in a pool of perspiration , my hands around my neck . 
 multicolored grateful dead bear figures danced on the fireplace mantel . 
 an african drum lay next to an antique rocker . 
 light from the window shone through as the sun began rising over the trees . 
 i was out of breath , but i sighed with relief . 
 i was locked away safe in my aunt ` s apartment , lying on the futon in her living room , underneath the sun ` s blanket of protection . 
 i yanked the comforter over my head and tried desperately to fall asleep and dream of the only vampire i trusted , alexander sterling . 
 that afternoon i was hanging out in a pair of sweats at aunt libby ` s breakfast table and nursing a cup of coffee when i heard the jostling of keys outside my aunt ` s door . 
 aunt libby entered with her happy homes blazer and a few bags of groceries . 
 i ` d ask you what you want to do today , she said as i helped her bring them to the kitchen , but the day is almost over . 
 so how about tonight ? 
 well ... i ` m sure you ` re still tired from yesterday , so if you want to stay in ... when alexander and i were in the manor house having dinner the night before , he ` d promised me that he ` d take me to the coffin club tonight . 
 i did n`t want to ditch aunt libby , and though i was still freaked out about my nightmare of the vampire-filled dungeon , i was still dying to see alexander and fulfill my dream of dancing together at the coffin club . 
 however , my aunt was holding out for my response , and i already have plans was not what she was waiting to hear . 
 here i was , staying at her house , eating her food , and i ` d become so selfish that i was making plans without her . 
 whatever you want to do , i finally said . 
 the night is yours . 
 but instead of answering , aunt libby continued to unload the groceries . 
 we can see a movie , i suggested . 
 go to a jazz club . 
 visit some boutiques . 
 still , my aunt was n`t as excited as i ` d thought she ` d be at my ideas . 
 or if you have something else ... i do have something else , she said anxiously . 
 then we can do that . 
 it ` s a date . 
 a date ? 
 with devon ? 
 she nodded . 
 i ` m a terrible aunt , she said . 
 devon called me at lunch today . 
 he asked me out for tonight and before i knew it i had said yes . 
 that ` s okay . 
 no , it was the wrong thing to do . 
 i ` ll call and cancel , she said , reaching for her cordless phone on the kitchen counter . 
 do n`t even think about it , i said , seizing it first . 
 then you ` ll have to come . 
 are you kidding ? 
 on your first date ? 
 even i know that would be a disaster . 
 please , i ca n`t leave you behind again . 
 a sixteen-year-old does n`t want to hang out at her aunt ` s apartment alone . 
 i know that ` s why you snuck out last night and showed up at my class -- because you were bored . 
 a sixteen-year-old also does n`t want to go on a date with her aunt and her new beau , either , i thought but could n`t say . 
 i wo n`t be bored tonight . 
 i promise . 
 i have summer reading i can get a head start on . 
 she raised her eyebrow . 
 you are getting to be more like your father than i thought you were . 
 or at least billy boy . 
 alexander and i arrived at the coffin club to find phoenix ` s motorcycle already parked in the vip spot . 
 wow , that ` s a cool bike , alexander commented when we passed it . 
 what do you think ? 
 i think it ` s cool , but not half as cool as you are , i replied , squeezing his hand as we continued to walk by the procession of clubgoers . 
 i imagined phoenix waltzing into the club as if he were royalty while my boyfriend and i stood at the back of the line . 
 but really , where else on earth would i rather be ? 
 alexander was by my side , and soon i would have my wish come true . 
 it would be a night to remember . 
 still , i could n`t help but let my mind stray . 
 alexander , after all , was a vampire . 
 he could get a key and lifetime membership to the dungeon in two shakes of a fang . 
 however , if i told alexander i ` d already been there , without him , he ` d be furious . 
 and he would know i ` d been to the underground club if i mentioned seeing jagger . 
 as far as alexander knew , jagger had returned to romania , and likewise jagger probably thought alexander was back in dullsville . 
 it was n`t my place to disclose their locations . 
 i ` d caused alexander enough problems in the past -- i had led jagger from hipsterville right to alexander . 
 it would be difficult , but i ` d have to keep my black lips sewn shut . 
 alexander and i proudly entered the coffin club , hand in hand , like we were stars entering a party . 
 we were so used to being outsiders , it felt good to finally enter a place filled with people who looked just like us . 
 i felt euphoric standing underneath the lifeless mannequins with my very own vampire boyfriend . 
 the crowd and music were even more pumped up than they were the previous night . 
 this time the clubsters were n`t so focused on themselves . 
 in fact , the girls were ogling my date ! 
 at first i thought it was fun , as if i ` d arrived on the arm of a rock star . 
 after a few minutes of every cleavage-showing , miniskirt-wearing girl checking him out , i was getting jealous . 
 did n`t they know i was standing right next to him ? 
 a few guys looked me over , but every girl we passed stared at alexander like he was criss angel performing magic . 
 finally i drew him over to the bar . 
 do n`t you notice that ? 
 notice what ? 
 he asked naively . 
 the girls ? 
 what girls ? 
 hello ! 
 you were worried about bringing me to a bar when all along i should have been concerned about bringing you . 
 i do n`t know what you are talking about , he said seriously . 
 the girls are drooling all over you ! 
 alexander blushed , then laughed gently . 
 well , there is only one girl i want to be with and she ` s right here , he said . 
 the bartender , a robust woman who appeared to have been bartending since they invented beer , asked us for our drink order . 
 alexander and i cooled off with nonalcoholic guillotines . 
 alexander looked heavenly against the backdrop of neon tombstones , his soulful eyes gently gazing into mine . 
 he appeared as happy as i ` d ever seen him , as if he did n`t want to be anywhere else in the world but together at this club . 
 his arm lay protectively around me , our fingers entwined . 
 yet i felt a pang of loneliness for alexander . 
 he spent so much time up in his attic room , alone , whether in dullsville or hipsterville , his only full-time companion being his creepy yet caring butler . 
 i was excited to be part of alexander ` s night life tonight . 
 of course , i could n`t help but wonder what was going on down in the dungeon . 
 were new members being brought in ? 
 where were they from ? 
 were phoenix and jagger getting in each other ` s faces ? 
 i was dying to share the underground club with alexander , but a culture full of bloodthirsty vampires is exactly what alexander had left behind in romania . 
 he was much happier in an environment where mortals dressed like vampires rather than one where vampires dressed like mortals . 
 and even if i ` d wanted to , i was n`t sure i ` d be able to find the secret coffin - shaped door . 
 you seem distracted , alexander remarked . 
 i was just thinking of you , actually . 
 well , you do n`t have to think about me . 
 i ` m right here . 
 he leaned over and gave me a lip-lock that sent shivers down to my boots . 
 he placed our drinks on the bar , grabbed my hand , and led me to the dance floor . 
 for the next hour , we danced , thrashed , and jammed , all the while forgetting the difference between mortal and immortal . 
 as the dj spun the end of one song into the start of another , i took a moment to catch my breath . 
 stretching out my neck , i spotted a figure up on the balcony , seated on a coffin-shaped couch , the candelabra before him illuminating his ghost white hair , the ends bloodred . 
 i grabbed alexander by the arm and dragged him to another end of the dance floor , hidden from the balcony ` s view . 
 i did n`t want jagger to spill the beans to alexander that i ` d been spotted at the dungeon . 
 i wanted to tell alexander on my own . 
 what did you do that for ? 
 i just thought it would be fun if we got cozy . 
 but it ` s so crowded back here , it ` s hard to breathe . 
 why do n`t we go over there and relax , he suggested , pointing to couches on the side of the dance floor . 
 that ` s all right ... you look a bit tired . 
 it ` s okay if we take a break . 
 he pulled me out from underneath the balcony ` s overhang . 
 alexander was heading for the main part of the dance floor , in full view of the balcony . 
 no , i said , tugging him back . 
 what ` s wrong ? 
 i want to sit down . 
 but the seats are over there . 
 alexander looked at me with curious and confused eyes . 
 if i told him that jagger was still in town , he ` d stay in hipsterville even longer . 
 i ` d be forcing him to remain in town indefinitely , perhaps longer than whatever was mysteriously holding him here in the first place . 
 c`mon , he said . 
 let ` s go . 
 but i was more concerned about alexander ` s safety . 
 even though he and jagger had reconciled , i was n`t sure how jagger would react to our presence in the club . 
 i just saw ... i began . 
 i mean , i think i saw ... saw what ? 
 i just saw jagger ! 
 alexander paused . 
 here , in the club ? 
 i nodded . 
 when i visited hipsterville a few months ago , i first encountered jagger sitting in the balcony when i thought romeo was leading me to you . 
 that ` s where jagger is right now . 
 what ` s he doing up there ? 
 alexander asked . 
 i was afraid if i told you jagger was above us on the balcony , you ` d never come back to dullsville . 
 but if he saw you dancing here when he thinks you ` ve left town , i do n`t know what would happen . 
 alexander led me back underneath the balcony and leaned against one of its pillars . 
 it ` s okay , he said , brushing my sticky hair away from my face . 
 i ` ll go back to dullsville whether jagger is here or in romania . 
 i lit up . 
 really ? 
 you have my word . 
 i pulled him into me , my fingers wrapped around his t-shirt , and kissed him with all my might . 
 i stared into his dark eyes . 
 maybe it was time to tell alexander about the real coffin club . 
 i have something to tell you . 
 i do , too . 
 i ` d rather jagger not know i ` m here . 
 but after all you ` ve done for his family . 
 the least he could do is buy you a drink . 
 i really need to -- let ` s not tempt fate . 
 it ` s best that he thinks i ` m back in dullsville . 
 uh ... okay . 
 now , what were you going to tell me ? 
 it ` s time for another dance . 
 after alexander gave me a kiss good night outside aunt libby ` s apartment , he admitted he had prior plans with jameson and would n`t be able to meet the following evening . 
 i was disappointed , but since i had n`t given alexander any warning of my arrival in hipsterville , i tried to be mature . 
 though i was totally bummed out my boyfriend and i would have a night apart , i had n`t spent any time with aunt libby . 
 we were due some family bonding time . 
 the following day , as usual , i got up late . 
 fortunately for me , aunt libby was not a morning person , either . 
 by the time i woke up and dragged myself out of the cozy confines of her down comforter , i found my aunt wearing a knee-length kimono robe , drinking herbal tea , and listening to npr . 
 it ` s after two , i said , noticing her stove clock . 
 i was shocked i ` d slept as long as i did but even more surprised that my aunt was still not dressed . 
 well , you had a particularly long day yesterday . 
 and i chose to have a lazy day , too . 
 aunt libby poured me a cup of coffee and fixed me a veggie sandwich . 
 i have the perfect place to take you tonight , she said , placing the plate in front of me . 
 you do n`t have a hot date tonight with devon ? 
 i teased . 
 not until tomorrow night . 
 and i told him you were coming with me . 
 not on your life ! 
 sorry , but he ` s taking us both to the summer arts festival . 
 well , you have twenty-four hours to convince me that that is a good idea , i said between bites . 
 so what are we going to do ? 
 there ` s a club here in town that has teen night from nine until eleven . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 i imagined a chuck e. cheese ` s with a disco ball . 
 it ` s called the coffin club , my aunt exclaimed . 
 excuse me ? 
 it has your name written all over it . 
 i do n`t mean the coffin part , of course . 
 but it ` s very goth and i think you ` d enjoy it . 
 i ` d love to go ! 
 i ` m a bit old to be hanging out there , but hey , why not ? 
 that ` s why aunt libby was so special -- she did n`t care what people thought . 
 ever since i was a little girl , my aunt marched to her own drum , african or not . 
 so we have a few hours to find something appropriate for me to wear , my aunt stated . 
 i do n`t have anything darker than yellow . 
 whatever my aunt libby did , whether it was drumming so hard she got calluses or performing so much she lost her voice , she put forth 110 percent . 
 hanging out at a nightclub with her sixteen-year-old niece was no exception . 
 where are we going ? 
 i asked as we hopped into her car . 
 hot gothics ? 
 aunt libby let out a loud laugh . 
 i have to find something that i can fit into , right ? 
 a few minutes later , we were driving into a gravel parking lot and walking up the stairs of the vacant elementary school , which was now home to the village players theater . 
 along with a car key , mailbox key , building key , and door key , my aunt possessed a village players theater key . 
 it took her a minute or two to figure out which key opened the front entrance door , but she eventually found it . 
 we sauntered down the main hallway , passing village players posters of west side story , the sound of music , and south pacific , an empty principal ` s office , and a cafeteria . 
 we passed a tween-sized water fountain , which still had a wooden step stool placed before it , and stopped in front of a door marked 3 . 
 what was once a classroom for ten-year - olds now had a sign above it that read : costume shoppe . 
 the blackboard and filing cabinets were still in place , but the teacher ` s and child-sized desks had been removed , perhaps sold at an auction or sent over to the new elementary school . 
 dozens of boxes , labeled broaches , hats , scarves , sat on the floor in the front of the classroom , while racks of dusty costumes were lined in rows where the students ` desks once belonged . 
 the room was filled with the combined scents of thrift store clothes and textbooks . 
 aunt libby and i stepped over boxes and dug our way through the old clothes with the sole purpose of bringing out my aunt ` s inner goth . 
 this is so awesome , i said as i began looking through a rack of clothes . 
 i do n`t know anyone else who would do this for me . 
 are you kidding ? 
 i live for this stuff . 
 my aunt beamed as she sifted through a rack of dresses . 
 that ` s one of the reasons why i love acting . 
 i can always wear a different style than what i ` d normally wear . 
 i ` ve been stuck in the same look for decades . 
 i could n`t imagine you any other way . 
 the way you dress is who you are . 
 it ` s more than beads and bangles . 
 you are n`t doing it to be like someone else , or fit in . 
 i gave up fitting in years ago , my aunt said with a laugh . 
 that ` s what my mother does n`t understand about my lipstick and dark clothes . 
 i do n`t wear tattoos to freak her out ; i wear them because i have to . 
 it ` s me . 
 aunt libby paused . 
 my mother never understood my inner style , either , she confessed . 
 that ` s what it is , really , she said wisely . 
 it ` s not about designers or labels but about self-expression . 
 and attitude . 
 i smiled inside as well as on the outside . 
 aunt libby and i dressed as differently as day and night , but we shared the same values . 
 it took me years to figure out who i was , she said . 
 but really , i ` ve always known who i was , since i was your age . 
 it was just that so many people around me wanted me to be like them and tormented me when i was n`t . 
 your dad grew up and blended in nicely with the establishment . 
 but i always kept my hippie beads , pink floyd albums , and left-of-center ideas . 
 i eventually found people who dug me the way i am . 
 that ` s why it ` s so cool and meaningful to me for you to change your image for one night on the town together . 
 well , now we ` ll be more alike than ever . 
 my aunt smiled . 
 here ` s a black corset , i said , taking a costume off the rack . 
 i wore that in a midsummer night 's dream when i played helena , my aunt gushed . 
 i could n`t breathe for a week . 
 how about this ? 
 she asked , modeling a witch ` s hat presumably from an over-the-top production of the wizard of oz . 
 i think it might be a little overkill , i offered . 
 aunt libby found a puritanical high-collared black dress . 
 we wore these in the crucible . 
 if i hike it up a few inches ... it might be quite fabulous . 
 i think it would be ghastly , i complimented her . 
 cardboard boxes marked men ` s , women ` s , and children ` s lined the wall underneath the windows . 
 i removed a box from the top of the stack labeled women ` s , 9 and sifted through it . 
 the box was full of everything from cowboy boots to tap shoes , galoshes to stilettos . 
 here ` s some mary janes . 
 with a pair of black tights and that crucible dress , you ` ll look like ... a grown-up wednesday addams , my aunt said halfheartedly . 
 perfect ! 
 i declared enthusiastically . 
 now was time for a raven madison extreme dream makeover . 
 the closest i ` d ever gotten to being a fashion or cosmetics consultant was when i applied pink blush to becky when she was preparing for a date with matt . 
 if i ever had my own style show , i ` d tear into a suburban style-challenged participant ` s closet and throw out anything pastel , floral , or rhinestoned and replace it with bloodred tones , acid hues , and morbid blacks . 
 today was different from anything i ` d experienced when consulting becky . 
 from her auburn-topped head to her lime-green-painted toes , i got to transform my aunt from a flower child to a lady of the night . 
 while one hand soaked in lavender water , i painted her other hand ` s fingernails bat black . 
 so , tell me all about the date ! 
 i prompted her like a professional cosmetologist . 
 aunt libby giggled as if we were best friends as she described her dinner date with devon . 
 he is unlike any other man i ` ve ever met . 
 he ` s very patient and intense . 
 he listens to everything i say . 
 do you have a picture of him ? 
 we ` ve only had one date . 
 besides , he does n`t like to have his picture taken . 
 curious , i thought . 
 while aunt libby ` s nails were drying , i toned down her warm glow and sun-kissed face by applying a soft , pale white powder . 
 i drew her heavy eyeliner to a point and spread coffin black eyeshadow on her lids . 
 i overapplied her mascara and finished off with two-tone vampire red matte lipstick . 
 i dolled her up with a hemlock lace choker necklace , rose dangle earrings , and chunky black bracelets . 
 then i zipped her into her recently hemmed crucible dress . 
 i quickly unpacked my clubbing clothes and felt like i spent more time getting ready in my aunt ` s bedroom than riding the bus to hipsterville . 
 i think i ` m melting out here , she hollered , knocking on the bedroom door . 
 hurry , i want to see what i look like , too . 
 i sprayed my hair and opened the door . 
 wow ! 
 get a load of you ! 
 she exclaimed . 
 i twirled like a model in front of her , wearing a black minidress with a violet and black stretch bodice and jagged skirt , midnight-colored fishnets , and demonia black leather buckled - up monster boots . 
 i felt confident in my skin and clothes . 
 i ` d passed for a vampire in the dungeon and a young adult in the coffin club and i was just being myself . 
 it was electrifying that i had the opportunity to return as myself -- much less with my aunt libby . 
 only she did n`t think so . 
 next to you i look like i could be your grandmother ! 
 get out ! 
 we look like sisters . 
 as long as you give me props like that , i ` ll hang out with you wherever you want . 
 where to next , the cemetery ? 
 now , are you ready to see yourself ? 
 i asked . 
 for like an hour ... drumroll please ... i began , and presented her in front of her full-length bedroom mirror . 
 when my aunt saw her reflected image , she did n`t recognize herself . 
 she gasped as if she ` d just seen a ghost . 
 you look beautiful , do n`t you think ? 
 i beamed . 
 well ... it ` s certainly different from what i ` m used to . 
 i made you look like me , i said with admiration . 
 there was dead silence . 
 then , as if she thought she ` d hurt my feelings , she said , no one can look like you , raven . 
 you are unique and beautiful . 
 i can tone it down . 
 do n`t you dare . 
 she grabbed a handheld mirror and fluffed her hair . 
 this color is very slimming . 
 she puckered her vampire red lips like a morbid marilyn monroe . 
 black is a girl ` s best friend . 
 look at that line ! 
 aunt libby shrieked when we arrived at the coffin club . 
 it ` s as long as a new york hot spot ` s ! 
 this will not do -- follow me . 
 aunt libby headed straight for the entrance and right up to an unfamiliar bouncer . 
 excuse me , my name is libby madison . 
 i ` m with the village players and ... libby ? 
 the bouncer asked skeptically . 
 my aunt scrutinized him . 
 jake ? 
 she asked , suddenly recognizing him . 
 what are you doing working here ? 
 it ` s just part-time while i go to school , he said , taking the five-dollar teen-night admission fee from a girl in line . 
 i almost did n`t recognize you . 
 well , i ` m out clubbing tonight . 
 do i look the part ? 
 jake smiled and stamped a fourteen-year-old who had more piercings than i had . 
 the stamp barely fit on her tiny hand . 
 raven , this is jake , my aunt began proudly . 
 jake , this is my niece , raven . 
 jake played lenny in the village players production of of mice and men . 
 it ` s nice to meet you . 
 he stamped a bat on each of our hands . 
 do n`t we need bracelets ? 
 i asked . 
 not tonight . 
 the bar is dry until eleven oh one . 
 how did you know about the bracelets ? 
 my aunt whispered . 
 uh ... i saw it in a movie . 
 jake hopped off his stool and , like the valet at a five-star hotel , kindly opened the coffin - shaped doors . 
 my aunt and i paraded through the doors like we were royalty . 
 when i grow up , aunt libby , i want to be just like you ! 
 i exclaimed . 
 my aunt took a moment to take in the coffin club , beginning with its neon tombstones . 
 i love it ! 
 she blurted out . 
 i , however , was taken aback . 
 the mood of the club had totally changed from the previous nights i ` d visited . 
 it was like a cryptic sweet-sixteen party . 
 no amount of white powder or graveyard gray lipstick could hide the pimples , braces , and bubble gum attached to the teens running amok throughout the club . 
 sure , some teens were bopping to the macabre music or experimenting with a darker fashion palette , but for most it seemed a chance to be away from mommy and daddy and play dress-up for the evening . 
 aunt libby could n`t have cared less , even if she ` d known . 
 she was absorbing her surroundings like a tan addict enjoys the sun . 
 this club is amazing ! 
 she said . 
 i did n`t realize there were so many of you . 
 neither did i , i said . 
 who is this singing ? 
 she asked , swaying to the music . 
 the skeletons . 
 i ` ll have to get this album , she said . 
 i mean download it . 
 whatever . 
 as we made our way farther into the club , i did notice an older group of goths dancing and partying . 
 they , like me , seemed to gaze at the younger set with disdain . 
 perhaps i should have been more open-minded . 
 i want to quench my thirst , my aunt said when she spotted the spiderwebbed , bottled bar . 
 sure . 
 my treat , i offered . 
 absolutely not . 
 the same woman from last night waited on us . 
 hey , did n`t i see you before ? 
 uh ... no . 
 i swear i saw you in here last night . 
 i ` m afraid not . 
 you were here with your boyfriend . 
 he ` s tall and really hot . 
 it was n`t us . 
 sadly she was at home , my aunt confessed . 
 i had her chained in all night . 
 well , you must have one of those faces . 
 my niece ? 
 she ` s as original as they come . 
 my aunt read the virgin drink specials , etched out on a gravestone next to the cash register . 
 we ` d like two insane asylums , please . 
 no alcohol . 
 that ` s all we ` re serving tonight . 
 we do n`t make much at the bar on teen night . 
 well , we ` ll remember that when we leave a tip , my aunt said . 
 i was a waitress for longer than i care to tell you . 
 i understand completely . 
 aunt libby had a way of talking to anyone like a friend . 
 just then i spotted romeo out of my peripheral vision . 
 he came over to get some cherries from the plastic condiments container in front of me . 
 i ducked , hiding my face by rooting around aimlessly in my purse . 
 he ` s cute , my aunt said , nudging me . 
 aunt libby ! 
 i said . 
 do n`t be shy . 
 but what am i telling you for ? 
 you ` ve got a boyfriend . 
 by the way , when am i going to meet this alexander sterling ? 
 shhh ! 
 what . 
 did i say something wrong ? 
 romeo stopped in front of us . 
 he pointed his finger at me as if trying to remember my name . 
 did n`t i see you ... ? 
 you have her confused with someone else , aunt libby said . 
 c`mon , let ` s dance . 
 and with that we finished our drinks and hit the dance floor . 
 i was surprised that aunt libby danced as well as she did . 
 but after all , she was an actress and spent most of her life onstage . 
 i ` m sure she had to tap , twirl , and jitterbug her way through various parts in her career . 
 the coffin club ` s dance floor was just an extension of my aunt ` s performance art , and she was rocking as if she were dancing for an audience of thousands . 
 aunt libby was exhausted before i was and asked if we could take a break . 
 we sat for a few moments on the coffin-shaped couches , catching our breath , then hit the miniand # 65533 ; flea market on the other side of the club . 
 aunt libby was in artsy heaven . 
 she did n`t know which seller or reader to approach first . 
 let ` s buy you some jewelry . 
 aunt libby cased the rows of rings , pendants , bracelets made from pewter , crystals , and beads . 
 you do n`t have to buy me anything . 
 but i want to ... i ` m your aunt . 
 everything here is handmade . 
 pick something you like . 
 a bracelet did catch my eye . 
 it was a skinny beaded bracelet with a charm -- a petite bottle of love potion . 
 i placed it on my arm , along with my hidden plastic club bracelet , and gave my aunt a huge thank you squeeze . 
 then something caught her eye . 
 tarot cards ! 
 she exclaimed . 
 let ` s get our cards read . 
 sounds like a great idea . 
 you go first . 
 when my aunt sat down , i realized that this was my chance to revisit the underground club . 
 i hated to ditch her , especially after she ` d just bought me a special gift , but it would only be for a few minutes -- no more time than it would take to go to a crowded restroom and back . 
 i knew if i ever wanted to see the club again , this was my only chance . 
 the secret door was hiding somewhere in close proximity and i had to investigate the club further . 
 it would take only a few minutes , and by the time my aunt finished having her future and past lives read , i ` d have already returned . 
 i have to go the ghouls room . 
 do n`t worry if i ` m gone for a few . 
 these drinks go right through me . 
 aunt libby was n`t bothered . 
 she ` d already begun talking to the spiritually gifted woman as if she were her longtime therapist . 
 i tried to retrace my steps the night i ` d stumbled upon the hidden entrance . 
 i was heading for the ghouls room when i ` d become distracted from the dry-ice fog . 
 i stood near the bar , closed my eyes , and spun around , trying to disorient myself . 
 then i pushed through the teens and headed for the ghouls room . 
 when i discovered i was heading in the opposite direction , i figured i was on target . 
 i saw a wall obscured by the shadows . 
 i slid my hand along it , combing the pine for the secret door , when i found what appeared to be a broom closet . 
 bull ` s-eye . 
 i turned the knob of the small coffin-shaped door and pushed with all my might . 
 when it opened into a darkened corridor , i knew i ` d found my way . 
 i quickly followed the narrow hallway and hurried down the plunging staircase . 
 when i reached the coffin lid marked dead end i tried to push it open . 
 of course , i found it locked . 
 i did n`t have a choice . 
 i knocked . 
 i banged and banged , but no one answered . 
 i paced for a moment , hoping someone would soon descend the staircase . 
 but when a few minutes went by and i remained alone , i became antsy . 
 i imagined onyx and scarlet kicking it up on the dance floor , drinking bloody drinks and gossiping about their nightlife activities . 
 my new vampire buddies , onyx and scarlet . 
 why had n`t i thought of them sooner ? 
 i grabbed my cell from my purse . 
 i scrolled through my friends list until it hit scarlet , then i pressed the send button . 
 i waited for a moment for the phone to connect . 
 there was so much concrete and stone surrounding me , it was impossible to get a signal . 
 i raced back up the staircase and pressed the send button again . 
 ring ... ring ... ring ... come on , scarlet , i said to myself . 
 pick up . 
 i was sure she would n`t be able to hear the phone above the club music . 
 i was just a coffin lid away from being back into the vampire club of my dreams . 
 hello ? 
 a girl ` s voice answered . 
 scarlet ? 
 i asked excitedly . 
 yes ? 
 it ` s raven . 
 raven . 
 what ` s going on ? 
 i ` m right outside the dungeon door . 
 i forgot my key . 
 i ` ll be there in a sec . 
 a few moments later , the door creaked open and onyx and scarlet were standing behind the medieval-looking dragon . 
 each girl took me by the hand and led me through the slit in the curtain , past the crowded bar , and out onto the dance floor . 
 strangely , the already dangerous and otherworldly underground club now seethed with tension . 
 the clubsters who once appeared seductive and inviting now eyed one another skeptically , whispering in private meetings . 
 onyx and scarlet , however , seemed unchanged . 
 scarlet placed a skeleton key in my hand and closed my fingers shut . 
 this way you ` ll never be locked out , she said . 
 but -- no need to argue -- we ` re here all the time . 
 and when we are n`t here , we ` re together , onyx added . 
 i placed my new prized possession in my purse before they changed their mind . 
 we were hoping you would come , onyx said , leading me to the bar . 
 want some refreshment ? 
 tonight is buy one , get one free . 
 no thanks , i said . 
 my fantasy was to be a vampire -- to live the immortal life , be seduced by the night , to love alexander for eternity . 
 what i had n`t envisioned was guzzling down a goblet filled with blood as if it were chocolate milk . 
 i ca n`t stay long tonight , but i wanted to pop in and say hello . 
 we ` re so glad you did , scarlet said . 
 so much is happening . 
 arm in arm , we zigzagged through the catacombs . 
 i tried to remember which path we were taking by making mental notes of the landmarks in the tunnels . 
 we passed a girl bridled with passion , leaning against a tomb , her date kissing her on the neck . 
 a few dozen skulls lined the walls . 
 a group of clubsters were lying in some of the hollowed graves . 
 then i was distracted as onyx began to ask me questions . 
 how was your date last night ? 
 she probed . 
 uh ... great . 
 we passed an enigmatic figure lurking in the shadows . 
 a few votives lining the floor in an adjacent alcove next to the mysterious person cast a speck of light on a pair of motorcycle boots . 
 i glanced back as we continued to walk ahead . 
 the figure remained hidden in the shadows . 
 we ducked underneath a sunken archway and entered a lounge called torture chamber . 
 an electric chair , a rack , and a stockade were prominently displayed there . 
 a huge circular wooden platform with half a dozen tables on it revolved ever so slowly . 
 a freestanding bar , the size found at a wedding reception , was off to the side . 
 we sat down at the only unoccupied table . 
 why do n`t you bring your boyfriend here ? 
 scarlet asked . 
 i ` m not sure if he would like this club . 
 is he a mortal ? 
 onyx inquired . 
 the two girls waited on edge for my response . 
 but it was i who was most anxiously awaiting the words to flow from my lips . 
 no , my boyfriend is not a mortal . 
 he is a vampire , i said . 
 it was the first time i ` d ever admitted that my boyfriend was immortal -lrb- except once to becky and she thought i was trying to make her laugh -rrb- . 
 i felt as if a burden had been lifted from my shoulders , and it was exhilarating . 
 my boyfriend is a vampire , i repeated proudly . 
 then you have to bring him here , onyx suggested . 
 the whole point of this club is for us to have a place we can call our own . 
 and that might change , scarlet said secretively . 
 why ? 
 i asked . 
 we ` ve heard rumblings that someone is planning to take over the club . 
 one person -- who i ` d seen having secret meetings -- sprang to mind . 
 i remembered phoenix talking to his henchmen . 
 he was magnetically alluring and mysteriously dangerous . 
 i could see his followers heeding his every command . 
 phoenix -- , i said in a whisper . 
 what ? 
 scarlet asked . 
 i ca n`t hear you above the music . 
 i felt the hairs on the ends of my neck stand up . 
 i glanced back and phoenix was sitting in the electric chair , staring right at me . 
 my heart sank to my stomach . 
 though i was surrounded by two friendly vampires , i was deathly afraid of the one behind me . 
 never mind , i said . 
 even though he was out of earshot and the club music was pulsing faster than my beating heart , i sensed he could hear every word . 
 the club has been a great hangout , scarlet began . 
 the whole reason the club exists is so that we can be ourselves peacefully , onyx said . 
 there are many of us who do n`t want a new direction . 
 the club is being torn apart , scarlet admitted , shaking her head . 
 i had to know more . 
 i leaned into the girls as closely as i could . 
 what ` s his story ? 
 i whispered to onyx . 
 whose story ? 
 she scooted closer . 
 what ? 
 scarlet asked , tossing her luscious locks over her shoulder . 
 i ca n`t hear you . 
 she ` s interested in some guy , onyx said . 
 i thought you had a boyfriend , scarlet added . 
 onyx nudged her best friend , then eagerly asked me , which one ? 
 i placed my index finger over my lips . 
 in my softest whisper i began , i ` m not interested ... i mean i am ... but not that way . 
 do n`t look now ... but the guy behind me , sitting in the electric chair ... onyx did her best to check him out without being too noticeable , but scarlet glared toward the stockade . 
 who , him ? 
 that ` s the bartender . 
 i shook my head . 
 no , not him . 
 no , she means over there , onyx corrected . 
 but there ` s no one in or near the electric chair . 
 i spun around . 
 the electric chair was empty . 
 who were you interested in ? 
 scarlet asked . 
 uh ... no one really . 
 tell us , onyx pried . 
 the biker dude with purple hair , i confessed . 
 he ` s your type , huh ? 
 onyx continued . 
 hot , mysterious , and dangerous ? 
 no -- i have a boyfriend . 
 it just seems he ` s always hiding in the shadows and watching me . 
 i have n`t gotten the scoop on him yet . 
 but i ` d stay away , scarlet warned . 
 yeah , he ` s always having meetings with really gnarly types , onyx confirmed . 
 maybe he ` s the one -- the bartender approached our table with a tray of three red martinis . 
 we did n`t order these , scarlet said . 
 they are from the two guys sitting in the corner , the waiter stated . 
 the two guys who ` d let me in the dungeon a few nights before raised their goblets to us . 
 two dudes for three girls ? 
 how obnoxious , scarlet remarked . 
 it ` s okay . 
 i have a boyfriend , i said . 
 but it ` s the point , she charged . 
 they do n`t know that . 
 i ` ve heard if you accept a stranger ` s drink , then it ` s an invitation to your table , i whispered to the girls . 
 thanks anyway , i said to the bartender , declining the martini . 
 i never refuse a free drink , onyx said . 
 the two girls laughed and gladly accepted the bloody drinks . 
 but i was n`t interested in freebies . 
 i wanted the scoop about the inner workings of the club . 
 so will the club close ? 
 i asked . 
 we hope not ! 
 onyx began , drawing near . 
 we ` ve met so many fabulous people here . 
 and where else could we hang out and be ourselves ? 
 a coffee shop ? 
 they certainly do n`t sell ab-negative lattes . 
 both girls laughed . 
 scarlet scooted close . 
 do you know jagger maxwell ? 
 i nodded . 
 he ` s legendary . 
 what about him ? 
 since he opened this club a few months ago , he created a safe haven for us to be ourselves and party , scarlet said in a whisper . 
 he even gave all the out-of-town members a place to crash here , said onyx . 
 but now that ` s not good enough for some , scarlet added . 
 so the buzz is that jagger has another plan . 
 he does n`t want us to be a secret , onyx said . 
 but that will blow the whole purpose of the dungeon , scarlet continued . 
 to be visible -- but only to us immortals . 
 jagger and his crew think that it ` s a vampire ` s true nature to lurk among the mortals . 
 so many of us believe just the opposite . 
 it ` s best to keep our blood pure and separate from mortals . 
 if we reveal our true identity , scarlet warned , then we obviously pose as much of a threat to mortals as they do to us . 
 jagger is on a power trip . 
 he was n`t happy enough being the leader of the dungeon . 
 he does n`t have our best interest in mind . 
 he has his own . 
 what do you believe ? 
 what kind of vampire are you ? 
 onyx asked with conviction . 
 i was taken aback . 
 two vampiresses , one flashing an onyx on her fang , were asking me what kind of vampire i was ? 
 i certainly could n`t say that i was neither kind -- and in fact , not a vampire at all . 
 we should remain private and pure , i answered emphatically . 
 in the end , will mortals really accept us as we are ? 
 i think it ` s best we remain true to ourselves so we do n`t lose our identity . 
 we are who we are for a reason . 
 we do n`t fit into their world , so why should we try ? 
 i was talking as much about vampires as i was about myself . 
 the girls grinned in agreement . 
 we sensed someone listening to our conversation . 
 we peered up and the two guys were standing behind us . 
 see , i said through a fake smile . 
 do you mind if we sit down ? 
 the blond asked . 
 of course not , scarlet said . 
 it was then i spotted tousled dark purple hair in the chamber across from us . 
 uh ... i ` m feeling dizzy , i admitted , referring to the revolving floor . 
 i ` ll be right back . 
 it was my chance to spy on phoenix . 
 i snuck out into the hall and hid in the shadows next to their lounge . 
 phoenix , along with a gang of ominous-looking guys , was hovering around a stone table . 
 phoenix was quite popular . 
 when he was n`t slinking in the shadows , he was surrounded by club members . 
 jagger does n`t know the true meaning of being a vampire , one said . 
 it ` s time he steps down , added another . 
 and you are just the dude to take over , the first one said to phoenix . 
 yes , they all said in unison . 
 tomorrow night , then , a voice declared . 
 i ` ll meet him at the crop circle . 
 it will be done , phoenix finished . 
 i leaned back as far as i could into the shadows as phoenix left the chamber and the menacing clubsters followed him . 
 phoenix was planning a revolt of his own . 
 what would happen if he led the vampire club ? 
 was he the kind of vampire who thought it necessary to lurk among the mortals ? 
 if he was planning to meet jagger in the open , he was surely risking exposure himself . 
 i felt a vibration in my purse . 
 i pulled out my cell . 
 it was aunt libby . 
 raven ? 
 where are you ? 
 she asked , her voice concerned . 
 i just checked the ghouls room and you were n`t there . 
 i took a wrong turn . 
 i ` m a few yards from the dance floor , i said truthfully , only it was n`t the same dance floor she was thinking of . 
 i ` m done with my reading . 
 she said marriage is in the cards . 
 i ` ll meet you at the tarot card booth . 
 i hung up . 
 if the tarot card reader had been truly psychic , she would have informed my aunt of my real location . 
 fortunately her powers were really only good for taking other people ` s money . 
 i returned to find the girls still immersed in cozy conversation with the martini guys . 
 where did you go ? 
 onyx said . 
 i got turned around . 
 even a ghost could get lost in these tombs . 
 the blond beamed . 
 a tiny drop of blood dripped from the corner of his mouth . 
 onyx wiped it off with her martini napkin . 
 i really have to go . 
 so soon ? 
 scarlet asked . 
 yes , i have to get back . 
 you ` ll have to join us tomorrow , onyx said , entwined with the redheaded guy . 
 yeah , you ` ll have to join us , he repeated . 
 i set off on my quest to meet aunt libby . 
 once again , i was lost in the tombs . 
 i did n`t remember which way onyx , scarlet , and i had entered or how far we ` d walked . 
 i could n`t find the embedded skulls , or the clubsters hanging out in the hallowed graves . 
 and there were dozens of girls in the labyrinth of tunnels with guys hanging from their necks . 
 i entered an alcove filled with gamers playing medieval morticians , another with members having black widow races , and still another playing spin the bloody bottle . 
 all were dead ends . 
 i was so lost i was ready to scream . 
 i had to get back to aunt libby before she got worried and called the cops or , worse , my parents . 
 at the end of one catacomb , i discovered a door . 
 i hoped it led to the outside of the club and i ` d head back through the main entrance . 
 there was n`t a knob anywhere to be found . 
 in the darkness , i glided my hand along the unstained wood until i discovered a latch . 
 i squeezed it and slid it open . 
 the door did n`t exit into an alleyway but rather into someone ` s apartment -- a loft with dozens of medieval candelabras . 
 for a moment i paused . 
 something looked familiar about it , and then i realized i ` d been here before . 
 it was jagger ` s apartment . 
 i snuck inside , wondering what insights i might gain this time from the threatening vampire . 
 the gray metal main door on the opposite side was open overhead . 
 an aquarium , empty of water but filled with rocks and one deadly tarantula , remained near the radiator , as i ` d remembered . 
 in the far corner of the loft lay a coffin , adorned with gothic band stickers , encircled by dirt . 
 i noticed a wooden stake caked with mud and grass , a spool of rope , and several long boards -- similar to the tools i ` d seen on a tv show about making a homemade crop circle . 
 i sensed someone lingering at the door behind me . 
 i slowly turned around . 
 it was phoenix . 
 his sunglasses cast a shadow on his pale face , making it difficult to see his expression . 
 what is it you are looking for ? 
 he asked in his thick romanian accent . 
 i felt alarmed . 
 i knew i was n`t supposed to be nosing around jagger ` s apartment , or the dungeon , for that matter . 
 phoenix appeared to be watching me , always in the background , showing up unexpectedly in a blanket of darkness . 
 my not knowing his motives made him especially intriguing and suspicious . 
 you should n`t be snooping around . 
 i can escort you out . 
 that wo n`t be necessary , i heard someone say from the other side of the room . 
 jagger was standing at the apartment ` s main entrance . 
 raven is an old friend . 
 and i ` ve known her boyfriend for an eternity . 
 both vampires were blocking the exits -- the one that led back to the club and the one that led to a hallway . 
 -lrb- i ` d remembered coming down the dimly lit corridor when i first visited jagger ` s apartment . -rrb- 
 the room was windowless and there were no other exits . 
 i had no way to escape . 
 i did n`t know which vampire to side with . 
 i was n`t fast enough to whisk by them or strong enough to bulldoze through them . 
 either one could easily tear into my flesh with a single bite . 
 i did something i never thought i ` d do . 
 i tore off and hid behind jagger maxwell . 
 i chose the company of the nefarious but familiar jagger to the foreign leather-clad stranger . 
 she has such good taste , he said brazenly to phoenix . 
 and with that jagger shut the door to his apartment and to phoenix . 
 i was n`t sure why jagger was being nice to me . 
 perhaps he felt he had an obligation to alexander since he ` d returned his sibling safely to him . 
 but ultimately jagger was untrustworthy . 
 it was only a matter of time before jagger flashed his fangs or verbally threatened me as i followed him down the dimly lit corridor to a freight elevator . 
 but instead of challenging me , jagger calmly led me through the desolate hallway , without incident , like a knight guarding its queen . 
 i was shocked . 
 he was honoring his truce with alexander . 
 apparently their reconciliation was as meaningful to him as it had been to my boyfriend . 
 i was almost disappointed when i got inside the elevator , alone , without having been confronted . 
 i guess i had made the right choice after all . 
 still standing in the hallway , jagger began to shut the rickety door . 
 as it creaked closed , something swooped underneath and fluttered so close above my head , i had to duck . 
 when i recovered , i noticed a bat hanging upside down from the ceiling . 
 its beady black eyes were looking dead straight at me . 
 a single bulb illuminated the elevator like a b horror flick . 
 i quickly pressed a button marked c.c. jagger glared back at me with his mismatched mesmerizing eyes . 
 i hope you enjoyed your visit . 
 you never know . 
 you may want to join forever , he said with a wicked grin . 
 the elevator screeched as it slowly ascended from the depths of the dungeon to club level and then ground to a stop . 
 i quickly opened the heavy elevator door and spotted the indoor entrance to the coffin club . 
 i made my way inside just as the bat flew off overhead . 
 safely back at aunt libby ` s apartment , i sat up on her futon and scribbled in my journal , the streetlight casting a glow on my comforter . 
 my aunt was fast asleep , but i felt like i ` d just guzzled an extra-tall chocolate toffee latte . 
 i had so many quandaries buzzing through my mind . 
 i was n`t sure why i was pulled toward phoenix , just as i ` d been to trevor and jagger . 
 it was n`t the same way i ` d been attracted to alexander , but phoenix sparked my curiosity , and i was intrigued to know why he was similarly drawn to me . 
 i was also worried about the situation of the club . 
 if phoenix took over , what would that mean for my new friends ? 
 the girls might have a secure place for all eternity -- safe and free from the possible persecution of mortals . 
 with jagger in charge , would it mean that hipsterville would have a known vampire presence ? 
 it irked me that jagger was so power hungry that he would risk the welfare of his own kind . 
 his actions went against everything alexander believed in . 
 alexander wanted to blend in the mortal world as mortal , while jagger wanted to be feared by others -- to gain popularity and notoriety . 
 i understood jagger ` s yearning to be known . 
 it was n`t in my nature to remain hidden in the shadows -- but there was one big difference -- i was n`t a vampire . 
 i was n`t a danger to anyone . 
 and since i was beginning to immerse myself in a community of vampires -- the life i ` d always dreamed of -- i had to wonder if this new world was that different from the world i already belonged to . 
 the dungeon was being pulled in two directions , just like any mortal community . 
 mortals and immortals might not be that different after all . 
 but i had to admit , the immortal world was intoxicating to me . 
 it had all the draws of the mortal world , with the edge and darkness that i so desired . 
 though i could n`t completely shake off that dream i ` d had a few nights ago . 
 at this point , i had the best of both worlds . 
 i did n`t have to make a decision to become anything different from what i already was . 
 even though it was under false pretenses , i was accepted into the dungeon as myself . 
 if that changed , i was n`t sure the underworld would be so enticing after all . 
 all of hipsterville was asleep except for those clubsters in the dungeon , dancing and drinking , and one lone vampire , alexander sterling . 
 i missed him and hated that i was unable to be by his side throughout his long nights . 
 i hungered for alexander to hold me safely in the warm night air , underneath the moonlight by tombstones in a far-off cemetery , naive to the troubles of the underground vampires . 
 i dreamed of a time before i knew of the dungeon , jagger , or phoenix . 
 was n`t it enough just to deal with the trials and tribulations of dating a vampire ? 
 i had one mission when summer break began -- to see alexander . 
 but once again , my curiosity had led me off my path and straight into a labyrinth of danger . 
 i was learning even more about alexander ` s complicated world -- without him . 
 the hipsterville art festival , according to aunt libby , was an event showcasing regional artisans dating back to the founding of the town . 
 it was quite a to-do . 
 five blocks of main street , with its quaint boutiques and coffee shops , were cordoned off , allowing patrons and sellers to walk freely in the road without fear of being run over by an old accord covered with dave matthews , save the rain forest , and peta stickers . 
 sellers traveled in from neighboring states to peddle their original handcrafted wares . 
 bright blue and red booths lined the streets , displaying and selling everything from pottery to purses . 
 the early-evening fresh air smelled deliciously of sizzling steak , barbecue , and grilled corn on the cob . 
 kids enjoyed face painting while adults entered raffles to win prizes from microwaves to a brand-new car . 
 at the north end of the festival , a jazz band played by a fountain with a statue of the town founder . 
 elderly and young hipstervillians alike relaxed in sun chairs , tapping their feet to the lively tunes . 
 normally , aunt libby was known to be late to every event , dinner , or meeting . 
 tonight , she was so excited to see her new beau , she was showered , dressed , redressed , and ready to go an hour before our scheduled meeting -- at the fountain just after sunset . 
 not only was i eager to see alexander , i was going on a double date with adults . 
 aunt libby and i anxiously waited by the jazz band for our dates to arrive . 
 i ca n`t wait for you to meet alexander , i exclaimed to my aunt . 
 me too , she said , giving me a familial squeeze . 
 i ` m looking forward to seeing what you think of devon . 
 i want your honest opinion . 
 i have n`t been the greatest judge of character in my life . 
 however , i think this one is a keeper . 
 aunt libby kept a rhythmic beat by shaking her hips , her floral sundress flowing and her dangling earrings swinging . 
 if i ` d been standing by my mother , i would have been horrified . 
 but i was excited to see my aunt so free-spirited and happy , and i found myself unexpectedly rocking . 
 the sun seemed to be still over the bell tower in the distance . 
 i wonder if i jumped up and down if it would make the sun set any faster , i said to my aunt . 
 i scanned the festival crowd , filled with hipsters , granola heads , goths . 
 couples of all ages , shapes , and sizes were milling about . 
 children running , holding balloons , or being pushed in strollers were enjoying the fair . 
 i glanced among the eclectic crowd , imagining alexander thriving in the sunlight instead of the moonlight . 
 i watched several cozy couples , hand in hand , wishing it could be alexander and me . 
 before i knew it , dusk had overtaken main street . 
 the gaslights illuminated the streets like nineteenth-century london . 
 i remarked to aunt libby how lucky we were that the rainy days had departed and the clouds had disappeared for the night of the festival . 
 a handsome man with two cotton candies -lrb- one pastel pink , the other baby blue -rrb- appeared out of the crowd and approached us . 
 my aunt was helping a toddler reshape his balloon animal and was unaware a man was standing by our side . 
 you must be raven , he said . 
 aunt libby ` s ears perked up and she swung around . 
 devon ! 
 my aunt called , returning the animal to the toddler . 
 devon was a dashing older gentleman with graying hair and a square jawline . 
 he had piercing eyes and wore designer jeans , bjorn sandals , a linen sport coat , and a gold earring . 
 he appeared lean and fit , like he spent most of his days jogging to wild oats . 
 my aunt , powerful and independent , appeared to turn to mush in devon ` s presence . 
 she seemed to be entranced by him , just like an unsuspecting audience member is riveted by a hypnotist . 
 then i began to question ... no , he could n`t be ... the spell he had my aunt under -- was it love or something more underworldly ? 
 after all , hipsterville was experiencing an increasing population of vampires . 
 and he was unusually pale for an earthy-crunchy type and happened to show up just after sunset . 
 someone tapped me on the shoulder . 
 i turned around and saw my favorite nosferatu . 
 alexander ! 
 i wrapped my arms around him and gave him a tight squeeze . 
 i wanted alexander to dip me back and press his fang-filled mouth on my neck , but instead he gave me a quick kiss on the cheek -- an appropriate display of affection in front of my aunt and her date . 
 i ` d like you to meet alexander . 
 this is my aunt libby and devon . 
 i was so proud to show him off to my aunt . 
 she ` d never known me to have a boyfriend , since i never had one . 
 i suddenly felt grown up . 
 he ` s so adorable ! 
 aunt libby gushed as if alexander were n`t standing right in front of her . 
 you are even more beautiful in person , alexander kindly complimented her . 
 the two men shook hands and i watched them closely . 
 i had my suspicions about devon , and i wondered if i could sense anything by their interaction . 
 but there was nothing unusual in their introduction . 
 the four of us set out to stroll through the festival . 
 my aunt and i shared our cotton candy with our dates . 
 alexander and i walked hand in hand while aunt libby hung on devon ` s every word . 
 we moseyed in and out of the booths , modeling and pointing at anything and everything we fancied . 
 two girls , one dressed in a long corset gown , the other in a my chemical romance t - shirt , leggings , and checkered flats , entered a booth ahead of us . 
 it was scarlet and onyx . 
 i left alexander at the pottery booth , approached the girls , and tapped them on the shoulder . 
 simultaneously they turned toward me . 
 i realized i did n`t have an explanation for alexander or aunt libby as to how i knew these two goth girls . 
 in one moment onyx and scarlet would be giving me a huge hug and i would have to explain the origin of our acquaintance . 
 they obviously did n`t go to dullsville high . 
 they were n`t distant relatives . 
 and explaining i ` d met them at a vampire club was most especially not going to fly . 
 but when our eyes met , their expressions appeared vacant . 
 have we met ? 
 scarlet asked . 
 my heart dropped . 
 i felt the same feeling i had in school when i was five and tried to play kickball with catalogue cutout neighborhood kids and they took the ball from me and went inside . 
 for the last two nights i ` d partied with these girls , and we ` d instantly bonded like we were old friends . 
 i had clearly been mistaken . 
 then it hit me . 
 they were fearful of my revealing their identity . 
 i thought you were someone else , i said knowingly , but still saddened . 
 we get that all the time , scarlet said . 
 the girls eyed alexander , who was now catching up to me . 
 onyx gave me a quick wink before they turned and walked away . 
 who was that ? 
 alexander asked , grabbing my hand . 
 i think i saw her at the coffin club , i said truthfully . 
 speaking of which , what did you do last night ? 
 he asked . 
 well , you ` ll never believe it . 
 you went to the coffin club ! 
 he exclaimed . 
 how did you know ? 
 i asked , bewildered . 
 he pointed to the faded bat on my hand . 
 oh , that ... i said . 
 raven , i ` d asked you not to go . 
 i do n`t want to appear like an overprotective boyfriend , but ... promise me you wo n`t go back . 
 it ` s not as sinister as it sounds , i defended . 
 i went with aunt libby . 
 in fact , it was her idea . 
 alexander seemed surprised yet relieved . 
 did i hear someone say the coffin club ? 
 ` my aunt , a few feet away from us , spun around and proudly displayed her black fingernails . 
 we had the best time ever ! 
 we drank insane asylums . 
 i felt at least ten years younger . 
 alexander smiled . 
 i could tell he was imagining my aunt trying to conjure up ghosts at the bar . 
 maybe we should go , my aunt suggested to devon . 
 have you been ? 
 i waited desperately for devon ` s answer . 
 though he was older than the combined ages of two average clubsters at the nightspot , i would n`t have been surprised if he ` d checked it out . 
 i was intrigued to hear his response . 
 there ` s supposed to be an underground club inside . 
 a real vampire hangout . 
 he laughed . 
 alexander and i locked eyes . 
 we did n`t see that when we were there , my aunt admitted . 
 sounds like fun . 
 it ` s just something i heard , he said to me . 
 how would devon know about the vampire hangout ? 
 i could only fathom he must have visited it himself . 
 we continued on and passed a booth with blown-glass ornaments and figures . 
 we ` ll catch up to you , i called to my aunt , and pulled alexander inside . 
 alexander studied the artisan blowing glass into a tiny elephant . 
 i have strong suspicions about devon , i whispered . 
 what do you suspect ? 
 he asked , mesmerized by the flaming torch . 
 that he ` s a. . . 
 then i turned his face toward mine and mouthed the word vampire . 
 alexander laughed and returned to watch the artisan sculpt the tiny trunk . 
 it ` s possible , i persisted . 
 yes it is . 
 see ? 
 then you believe me ! 
 devon does n`t like to have his picture taken , and aunt libby says his stares are hypnotic . 
 he did n`t show up until after sunset , and now he ` s talking about vampire clubs . 
 so what if he is ? 
 then we have to warn her . 
 all at once alexander was n`t interested in the sculpture . 
 you do n`t want your aunt dating a vampire ? 
 his midnight eyes could n`t hide the sadness inside him . 
 i was making alexander feel that same awful feeling i ` d felt when scarlet did n`t acknowledge me or when my classmates ostracized me . 
 after all , alexander was a vampire , and i ` d just told him i did n`t want my own aunt dating someone of his kind . 
 i did n`t mean ... i said , reaching out to him . 
 but you did , he argued flatly . 
 no -- that ` s not what i meant . 
 then i realized i had meant it . 
 my eyes welled up with tears . 
 alexander led me away from the crowd and in between two booths . 
 he sidestepped a puddle of coke while i despondently plunged right into it . 
 he brushed away a tear that had trickled down my cheek . 
 i did n`t mean to offend you , i began . 
 i ` d never -- i know , he said , then continued in a soft voice . 
 raven , you have reason to be concerned . 
 it ` s not like dating someone outside your religion , class , or comfort zone . 
 vampires by nature are deadly to mortals . 
 it ` s what i ` ve been trying to tell you since we met . 
 that ` s why i said what i did . 
 but you are n`t like that . 
 so maybe devon is n`t , either . 
 first of all , we do n`t know what devon is or is n`t . 
 if he is and he ` s like you , then it would be awesome ! 
 or he could be like jagger . 
 that ` s why i ` m protective of you . 
 do n`t you understand ? 
 but alexander , there are vampires who are just like you . 
 what do you mean ? 
 i was ready to tell alexander everything about the underground club when aunt libby interrupted . 
 you have to see this painting , she said , grabbing my arm . 
 you wo n`t believe it ! 
 unrelentingly she dragged me through the crowd , weaving in and out of festival-goers until we finally stopped at a booth in front of the firehouse . 
 on an easel , beside a painting of a vase full of flowers , was a picture of me . 
 dressed in my scarlet and black corset prom dress , wearing lace gloves , and carrying a black parasol , i was standing outside the mansion . 
 three bats hovered around me -- one with green eyes , a smaller one with blue eyes , and one with one blue and one green . 
 up behind me at the attic window , the curtain was slightly pulled back and a silhouetted figure watched over me . 
 in the corner of the painting was a big blue ribbon . 
 this looks exactly like you ! 
 aunt libby remarked . 
 devon examined it , then me . 
 it certainly does . 
 it is me ! 
 i exclaimed . 
 who painted this ? 
 aunt libby asked the festival volunteer . 
 we have to find this person . 
 there was no information on the artist . 
 usually they attach a picture , website , and bio . 
 but the artist must have wanted anonymity . 
 it looks flawless , like a photograph , my aunt observed . 
 we ` ve been getting inquiries and requests to buy it all day . 
 you ca n`t sell it , my aunt began , until we find out more about it . 
 it does bear an uncanny resemblance to you , the volunteer commented . 
 do you know any artists ? 
 devon , my aunt , and the volunteer searched the painting for a signature . 
 i stood in awe while alexander hung back . 
 here it is ! 
 my aunt exclaimed , like she ` d just spotted an egg on an easter hunt . 
 in the corner , embedded in a spider ` s web , was the name sterling . 
 sterling ... that ` s you -- , my aunt announced to alexander . 
 devon and the volunteer turned to alexander . 
 this is why you stayed in town ? 
 i asked alexander . 
 jameson insisted i enter , he said self-consciously . 
 that ` s my niece , my aunt declared proudly . 
 and her boyfriend is the artist . 
 it is sure nice to meet you , the volunteer said as if she were meeting a celebrity . 
 here ` s my card . 
 i know that the curator of a gallery was interested in this piece . 
 if you have others , i ` m sure he ` d love to see them , too . 
 this is why you stayed so long in hipsterville . 
 you were preparing to show your artwork in this fair . 
 alexander did n`t respond . 
 why did n`t you tell me ? 
 i asked , squeezing his hand . 
 i ` m sure there are a lot of things you do n`t tell me , he said , pointing to the bat stamp on my hand . 
 a few hours later the annual art festival was coming to a close . 
 sellers were packing up and booths were being dismantled . 
 the four of us sat at the rim of the fountain , our bellies full of food and our feet tired from walking . 
 aunt libby and devon sauntered over to a festival exit a few yards away to say good night while alexander and i cuddled by the waterfall . 
 i ` ll pick you up tomorrow night , alexander said , his arm around my shoulder . 
 and i ` ll have a surprise for you . 
 i ca n`t wait . 
 i ` ll be counting the minutes ! 
 his face lit up like the moon shining above him . 
 alexander leaned into me and gave me a slow kiss . 
 his lips tasted like soda and caramel apples . 
 he watched me from the fountain as i headed over to my aunt and her boyfriend , who were now holding hands and getting lost in each other ` s eyes . 
 at any minute , devon could lean over to her and sink his fangs into her neck -- if he had any . 
 but if he did , would he really do it in front of the whole town ? 
 knowing my aunt libby , a carefree otherworldly old soul , she might wish to become a vampire . 
 just my luck , i ` d have to visit my aunt in the underworld while i remained an outsider mortal in dullsville . 
 it was great meeting you , raven , devon said when i finally caught up to them . 
 thanks for the cotton candy , i replied . 
 hope to see you soon . 
 i turned away so the new couple would have a private moment before their departure . 
 more important , i had to confirm devon ` s true identity . 
 i got my compact out of my purse , opened it , and angled it behind me . 
 i took a breath when my aunt tapped me on the shoulder . 
 when i glanced into the reflection , devon had already disappeared . 
 aunt libby and i spent the midnight hours curled up in our pajamas on the futon , as if at a slumber party , surrounded by rose-scented votives and lavender incense and talking incessantly about our gorgeous guys . 
 my aunt was giddy as she replayed every girlie thought and feeling she had . 
 so where will you have your wedding ? 
 i asked as we sipped on chamomile tea . 
 i think it ` s too early to scout locations , she said with a laugh . 
 but i ` ve always wanted to get married outside . 
 then i posed a perfect sleepover-type question . 
 how far would you go , to show your love for him ? 
 like would i move ? 
 she asked . 
 that was n`t what i had in mind . 
 sure , i said , playing along . 
 she shrugged her shoulders . 
 would i have to work ? 
 uh ... no , i answered . 
 my aunt was getting further away from the point of my playful interrogation . 
 would i be able to perform full-time ? 
 she asked seriously . 
 if that ` s what you want . 
 then i ` d have to say yes ! 
 well , that does n`t seem like much of a sacrifice , i said . 
 i thought for a moment , and then my eyes caught her tv . 
 it reminded me of the local news report on crop circles i ` d seen the other day . 
 what if he lived on another planet ? 
 like an alien ? 
 she asked , then grinned . 
 yes , i said . 
 would you still go ? 
 aunt libby paused , really contemplating my question . 
 i was growing weary as i waited for her answer . 
 is the planet environmentally sound ? 
 she asked . 
 this is a game , aunt libby ! 
 i want to give truthful answers . 
 the planet is environmentally sound and it is illegal to eat meat . 
 then i ` d have to say , i ` m there . 
 ` now , i said , building up steam to my point , what if he was a vampire ? 
 would you let him turn you ? 
 she paused . 
 sure , why not ? 
 that ` s it ? 
 no thoughts ? 
 no asking about the underworld ? 
 you ` d have to drink blood and sleep in a coffin . 
 you told me not to analyze it . 
 besides , it ` s just a game , remember ? 
 now your turn , she said , turning the tables on me . 
 how far would you go to prove your love to alexander ? 
 would you move ? 
 out of dullsville ? 
 in a heartbeat . 
 besides , my mom would n`t be able to nag me to clean up my room . 
 would you move to another planet for him ? 
 sure , i began . 
 then i really would n`t have to clean my room at all . 
 my clothes would just float in space and i ` d never have to pick them up . 
 we both cracked up . 
 then my aunt became serious . 
 if he was a vampire -- would you let him turn you ? 
 the truth was alexander was a vampire . 
 this question was the most difficult to answer because i thought about it every day . 
 there was no doubt i wanted to be bonded to alexander for all eternity . 
 but did i want everything else that went with it ? 
 if alexander already rejected the world i ` d be entering , how would we live in it together ? 
 well , would you ? 
 my aunt pressed . 
 i placed my tea mug on the coffee table next to the burning incense . 
 this was supposed to be about you and devon ! 
 i said . 
 i sat back , cross-legged . 
 have you been to his house ? 
 not yet . 
 he says he ` s not a good housekeeper . 
 hmmm , i thought . 
 he could be covering up the fact he sleeps in a coffin . 
 is he a carnivore ? 
 i just remembered -- she got up and returned with her hobo-style purse and fished inside it . 
 you ` d asked if i had a picture of devon , she said , pulling out a digital camera . 
 she fiddled with a few buttons on the back . 
 i took this today , she said , and showed me the picture display . 
 it was a picture of devon , handsomely grinning , outside the blown-glass figurine booth . 
 i would have taken more , but he hates to have his picture taken . 
 i was surprised . 
 i ` d been so totally caught up in proving that devon was a vampire , i ` d stopped leaving room for any other conclusion . 
 here you are in the background , she said , pointing . 
 i appeared to be talking to myself . 
 funny , alexander got cut off . 
 he was standing right next to you . 
 aunt libby blew out all the candles , gave me a good-night squeeze , and headed off for bed . 
 now that it was confirmed devon was a normal mortal , i ` d be able to sleep soundly , knowing the worst fate my aunt could suffer was a broken heart . 
 the following day aunt libby insisted i keep my evening date with alexander , not only because he is so handsome , as she put it , but because she was overdue for a yoga workout . 
 while my aunt was going to stretch her body and mind , i was going to spend the evening glued to alexander . 
 but i still had ages before sunset and i could either hang out in aunt libby ` s apartment or go to hipsterville ` s library . 
 i chose neither and opted for a little adventure . 
 a few miles across town lay a mysterious crop circle that needed to be investigated . 
 phoenix would be confronting jagger there at sunset and i might get a hint of their conversation and be back in time for alexander ` s and my date . 
 at the very least , i was intrigued by the crop circles and had to know who or what was making them . 
 were they really signals for vampires ? 
 why did jagger have all the hoax material stashed in his apartment ? 
 i wondered what the circle looked like up close . 
 according to the directions i got online , the same number seven bus that had previously taken me to the manor house made its way even farther through town and stopped a mile away from mr. sears ` s farm . 
 the rbi -- raven bureau of investigation -- was back in business and on the hunt . 
 just in case of dangerous situations before me , i geared up with garlic powder , mace , and a flashlight borrowed from underneath aunt libby ` s sink . 
 dullsville had its share of graffiti , vandals , and trespassers but nothing as exciting as an all-out alien invasion . 
 besides , if aliens traveled a million light-years to earth , i ` m sure they ` d be bummed to find they ` d arrived in the boring town of dullsville , u.s.a. hipsterville , on the other hand , might make a great pit stop on the way to new york or paris . 
 but if my presumption was right and the boy on tv had seen hovering bats , the guy at the dungeon bar was speaking fact , and jagger ` s mess was actually clues , the crop circles had the markings of a vampire . 
 perhaps the farmer was selling tickets to his nine-acre backyard . 
 i half expected the number seven to be transformed into a tour bus . 
 but there was nothing unusual about the number seven or its riders , and when the bus lurched at the stop , i was the only one who disembarked . 
 the directions i had were pointing me to a single dirt road that separated luscious trees on one side from acres of wheat on the other . 
 i was in the middle of nowhere and the sun was already beginning to set over the farmhouse . 
 when i explored the mansion or the manor house , there were at least other houses within the sound of a scream . 
 i was as exhilarated as i was terrified as i hurried along the lonely dirt road . 
 this was a prime spot for an alien or vampire sighting . 
 there was nothing around for miles . 
 all at once , i felt someone or something behind me . 
 i held on to the flashlight with one hand and the mace with the other , the garlic powder inches away in my purse . 
 i was confident i could talk myself out of a situation if i was confronted by the farmer or one of his neighbors , but i could see the latter was a remote possibility . 
 maybe i was imagining things . 
 after all , i ` d grown up watching children of the corn and the texas chainsaw massacre . 
 farmer sears seemed jovial on tv , though . 
 either way , i still was primed for a unique encounter and hummed to myself softly to keep calm . 
 a dog barked in the distance , and i saw a small girl run out from the farmhouse and bring the animal inside . 
 there was only a fence that surrounded the house and another one that ran alongside the wheat field . 
 perhaps that ` s why it was so easy for some kids to pull a midnight prank . 
 i decided to stay clear of the farmhouse so farmer sears would n`t come out a-shootin ` . 
 a few minutes later , i was far enough away to climb over the fence and bury myself in the rows of wheat . 
 the surroundings were actually quite beautiful . 
 there were no city or town lights , and the stars were so visible and vibrant i was n`t sure they were real . 
 i was heading through the stalks when i saw what i thought to be crows flying over a scarecrow posted a few yards ahead . 
 as i approached the raggedy stuffed man , i realized that the flying creatures were bats . 
 i crept closer until they vanished . 
 it was then that i noticed that a few more yards ahead of me , in the middle of the wheat field , a circle as large as my house was mashed into the ground . 
 the circle was even more thrilling than when i ` d seen it on tv . 
 it was hard to make out its gigantic circumference , but it must have been the size of a spaceship . 
 i could n`t imagine jagger actually doing this alone . 
 for a moment i wondered if in fact it was made by something other than vampires or human life . 
 i was actually surprised when i remembered the farmer ` s curious reaction on tv . 
 i would have been furious . 
 whoever or whatever had destroyed a lot of his wheat . 
 i followed the circle for quite some time , scanning and probing the dirt for anything unusual . 
 i was n`t a scientist from nasa , but i could tell that there were n`t any rocks or life - forms that i had n`t seen before . 
 it was getting harder to inspect in the dark , so i had decided to turn on my flashlight when i heard voices coming from the opposite side of the field . 
 i was sure farmer sears had spotted me nosing around . 
 i switched off my light , doubled back , and raced into the rows of stalks . 
 i was ready to hightail it out of there and call off my crop circle adventure when i glanced back to see the farmer . 
 i caught a glimpse of white hair . 
 i immediately ducked and poked my head between the stalks . 
 jagger and two burly guys with tattoos and dressed in camouflage were examining the circle . 
 i did n`t move . 
 there ` s been tv coverage , jagger said . 
 it ` s been all over the news . 
 this is good . 
 i thought you wanted the club to be a secret , the taller member of his crew said . 
 from mortals , stupid . 
 not us . 
 that ` s why we ` re out here making sure these stay intact , jagger said , surveying the smashed wheat . 
 vampires have been using crop circles for centuries to signal other vampires about areas where there ` s an underworld presence . 
 but mortals ca n`t fathom our genius , so instead they think these are being made by extraterrestrials . 
 it ` s really best for both worlds . 
 but we are attracting others that can make trouble for us , the shaved-headed one confessed , following behind . 
 no one can make trouble while i ` m in charge , jagger argued . 
 there are others who do n`t want to follow your plan , said his burly cohort . 
 not everyone wants you to be in charge , jagger . 
 shocked , jagger spun back and confronted his bald supporter . 
 excuse me ? 
 it ` s true , the taller one said , defending his friend . 
 we ` ve heard rumors . 
 there are others who think the club should remain as just a club . 
 nothing more . 
 we just wanted you to know . 
 anyone who dares to undermine me will have to deal with not only me but a gang of bloodthirsty vampires . 
 just then i saw a purple head rise behind jagger and his cohorts . 
 they were startled as much as i was . 
 i did n`t hear your bike , jagger said , bewildered . 
 what are you guys doing out here ? 
 phoenix asked . 
 i should be asking you that . 
 we are expanding our club -- my club . 
 and maybe it ` s time we revoke your membership . 
 you ca n`t . 
 can you ? 
 phoenix challenged . 
 i have eternal membership . 
 i thought that ` s what you wanted when you started the dungeon . 
 i did , but on my terms . 
 now out of our way ; we have work to do . 
 phoenix stepped before him . 
 we do n`t need more members , phoenix argued . 
 it ` s time you and your crew stop making these circles . 
 there are plenty of our kind already in town . 
 if we continue increasing our size , we increase our chances -- of infiltrating the town ? 
 jagger asked with a sinister smile . 
 of being run out of town , phoenix said firmly . 
 you do n`t care about the club ` s direction . 
 all you care about is seizing control of it . 
 and then who knows what you ` ll do with it ? 
 it ` s time for a new leader when the old one has undermined his followers . 
 you ` re inviting vampires to this town for the sole purpose of taking it over . 
 it ` s time to be part of the town . 
 i ` m tired of hiding . 
 now that i have a strong membership , we ` ll be able to roam freely amongst the mortals . 
 we have a right to be known , and that decision is not yours to make . 
 nor is it yours , phoenix said , his arms crossed . 
 you created a great club -- a place for vampires to hang out in secret and be ourselves , without a threat to them or us . 
 where both worlds could live peacefully . 
 but you let your ego get in the way . 
 and now you are planning on destroying the very thing you created . 
 i ` m planning on expanding it . 
 not while i ` m around . 
 do n`t you realize that you are outnumbered ? 
 and that when we get more members , you wo n`t stand a chance ? 
 jagger ` s gang surrounded him . 
 no one appointed you , phoenix challenged . 
 i will take you down . 
 then why do n`t you do it here ? 
 now ? 
 jagger ` s thugs closed their circle . 
 it ` s too easy , phoenix said defiantly . 
 i want to do it where everyone can see you fail . 
 there was something so fiery and powerful about phoenix . 
 though he stood alone before jagger and the other two muscle-bound vampires , he was still not threatened . 
 they closed in tighter . 
 do n`t even think about it , phoenix said , undeterred . 
 or we ` ll end this whole matter right here . 
 jagger was quiet for a moment -- then called off his gang . 
 this wo n`t be the last of me . 
 you can talk big here , in the middle of a field , but i have the club behind me . 
 with that , jagger and his thugs disappeared into the darkness . 
 phoenix remained in place . 
 i could barely breathe . 
 if he did n`t even flinch in the company of three frightening vampires , what was a mere mortal like me to do ? 
 he walked up to the stalks -- only a few feet away from where i was hiding . 
 i did n`t move a muscle or exhale . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 at any moment he was going to find me . 
 i finally opened my eyes . 
 phoenix was nowhere in sight . 
 he had vanished . 
 i waited for a moment , making sure the coast was clear . 
 i raced back through the field , over the fence , and up the lonely dirt road . 
 i waved my arms and shouted frantically as a number seven retreated up the adjacent road . 
 a passenger saw me and signaled the driver . 
 as the bus pulled away and i slumped down in an empty seat in the back , i heard the sound of a motorcycle passing and racing off down the road . 
 i hopped off the number seven at aunt libby ` s stop , wiped my soiled boots , and removed the untwined pieces of wheat tangled in my hair and clothes . 
 i played over the crop circle encounter in my mind . 
 i could n`t believe i ` d been so wrong about phoenix -- i had only imagined the purple-haired biker who seemed far more mysterious and brooding to be even more dangerous than alexander ` s nemesis . 
 underneath all his bravado , he wanted the club to remain secret , and when he had found out there were other plans for it , he began a plan of his own . 
 i had misjudged phoenix , like students at dullsville high had always misjudged me . 
 it seemed like an eternity before i spotted the black mercedes driving down the tree-lined street . 
 alexander opened the car door for me and i ran to his side . 
 after a quick smooch and a honk from a minivan waiting behind us , i climbed into the car and we drove off . 
 where are you taking me ? 
 i asked as we headed through downtown and up a long and winding hill . 
 we have n`t been able to spend time exploring town , so i thought i ` d take you to a place where we could , said alexander . 
 alexander continued to motor up the winding road , which was so steep at times that it seemed as if we were driving at a right angle . 
 at the top of the hill sat a bell tower that pointed to the heavens . 
 he turned into the cracked black-topped lot , avoiding several potholes , and parked . 
 this is the bell tower i saw when aunt libby and i were waiting for you at the art festival ! 
 the white-painted bell tower was a historic landmark dating back to the 1800s . 
 it was simple in its design with an observation deck and working clock . 
 the paint was chipping and the roof was in disrepair . 
 an oversized sign , placed by an old well a few yards away , apologized to visitors for the inconvenience of the ongoing renovation . 
 alexander and i crept on the cracked sidewalk , stepping over plastic sheets and discarded nails . 
 a stick , wedged in the front door , kept it slightly ajar . 
 back in alexander ` s company , the underworld , dullsville , and the dungeon were distant memories . 
 once inside , we climbed three flights of stairs that led to the bell tower door . 
 i held on to alexander ` s hand and followed him through the door and up a seemingly never-ending spiral staircase . 
 when we finally ascended to the top , we were so high above the town , i thought i could reach out and touch the stars . 
 an enormous copper bell hung from a cast-iron a-frame beam . 
 i touched the rusty bell , which was weathered and tarnished . 
 there was n`t a cord or a hired bell ringer in sight . 
 the bell must have weighed a quarter ton , and even if i worked out regularly , i would n`t be able to make it ring . 
 what if the bell automatically chimes ? 
 i asked alexander . 
 it ` ll be deafening . 
 not this antique , he said , tapping his hand against it . 
 it has n`t rung in years . 
 look . 
 he showed me a bird ` s nest and cobwebs in the cast-iron tresses . 
 alexander directed me around the bell . 
 awaiting us was a lit candelabra , votives , a black lace tablecloth set before the archway . 
 his backpack looked full of goodies . 
 this is beautiful ! 
 i hugged him with all my might . 
 i held alexander ` s hand as an anchor as i inched a safe distance to the archway and peered out . 
 i ` d spent several nights buried underneath the lowest depths of hipsterville . 
 this night i ` d spend the evening at its highest point . 
 it was breathtaking . 
 the yellow stars filled the night sky and twinkled as if they were winking at us . 
 we had a panoramic view of hipsterville . 
 the town looked like a miniature layout found in a retail display window -- the kind with tiny lights , trees , and cars . 
 i leaned against alexander , my arm wrapped around his waist and his around my shoulder , as we gazed out into the picturesque evening . 
 i think i see aunt libby ` s apartment , i said , pointing to a group of town houses . 
 i think i can see into her window , he said , teasing me . 
 even i do n`t have that kind of vision . 
 well ... i think that ` s her apartment . 
 but your aunt libby lives in that part of town , he said , nodding toward an area of homes a few miles over . 
 i had no sense of direction . 
 well , i know over there is main street . 
 and there ` s a park , the train station , and the art museum , i said , proudly gesturing to obvious places of interest . 
 did i tell you you are the most beautiful tour guide i ` ve ever seen ? 
 he picked me up and spun me around and gave me a passionate kiss . 
 when he set me down , not only did the bell tower spin , but so did the town . 
 i latched on to him until i was steady . 
 i wanted to bring you to a place where we could explore all of the town together in one evening , alexander remarked . 
 this is perfect ! 
 i agreed . 
 we unpacked our dinner , specially prepared by jameson . 
 alexander tore into his grilled steak sandwich and gulped down his red drink while i broke off pieces of french bread . 
 i was so distracted by the beautiful night , fresh air , and my handsome boyfriend that i had little appetite . 
 i marveled at how much alexander enjoyed his food . 
 maybe i ` ll cook for you someday , i offered . 
 really ? 
 you know how ? 
 i ` m great at mac and cheese and steak fries . 
 or i can prepare a mean bowl of cereal . 
 alexander beamed . 
 i may have to take you up on that . 
 then i rested my head against his lap as he sipped his bottle of thick liquid . 
 when we ` d finished and cleaned up , we leaned against an archway , a safe distance from the ledge but in full view of the town . 
 i sat back , entranced , watching alexander against the sparkling lights of hipsterville . 
 each time alexander took me on a date , it was more spectacular than the one before . 
 he spent as much time thinking about and preparing for our dates as he did creating one of his paintings . 
 my heart would skyrocket with the touch of his hand , or an unearthly kiss . 
 at the same time , i was comforted knowing there was no place on earth i ` d rather be than by his side . 
 i have something for you , he said , digging into the backpack . 
 i imagined him presenting me with a small jewelry box -- perhaps a ring -- or a larger gift , such as a bouquet of dead black roses . 
 instead he handed me a flat package , the size of an envelope , neatly wrapped in black lace . 
 i tore the fabric off the package in wild anticipation of its contents . 
 it was a one-way bus ticket to dullsville . 
 are n`t you excited ? 
 he asked , beaming as bright as the stars above us . 
 sure ... he seemed disappointed with my reaction . 
 i thought it was what you wanted . 
 jameson and i have already begun packing . 
 it is ... but you ` re still here . 
 aunt libby . 
 and the -- the what ? 
 uh ... the ... summer . 
 freedom . 
 we ` ll spend summer at home . 
 together . 
 you ` re right . 
 it ` s the best gift ever , i said , giving him a kiss . 
 when i was finally delivered the news i ` d been waiting to hear since alexander left dullsville , i was n`t as pleased as i ` d imagined . 
 alexander could n`t return to dullsville now , when the dungeon was on the brink of upheaval . 
 i ` d just begun hanging out with aunt libby , and i longed to dance and gossip until dawn with scarlet and onyx . 
 and i was desperate to know what was going to happen to jagger and phoenix . 
 i was n`t ready for it to end . 
 alexander was set on leaving . 
 there was n`t any way for me to stall the departure . 
 or perhaps there might be one way ... i ` d have to play the coffin club card . 
 if i told alexander about the dungeon , he ` d be forced to have me show him and delay our departure . 
 i was assured of at least a few more days , or rather nights , of us inspecting the underground club . 
 maybe it was time i told him everything . 
 i ` ve heard that devon was right , i suddenly said . 
 there is a vampire club here ! 
 it ` s just a rumor . 
 you believe gossip ? 
 he challenged . 
 what if it is true ? 
 do n`t you think we should stay and check it out ? 
 alexander placed his hand on mine . 
 our trip here is over . 
 we both got what we came for . 
 valentine is out of dullsville and safely back in romania . 
 and you and i are together . 
 but -- let ` s enjoy our last evening here , he said . 
 he made sure we did , too , by placing his pink lips on my black ones . 
 when alexander playfully nibbled on my neck , it made me think of one more thing . 
 i pulled back . 
 what ` s wrong ? 
 i paused . 
 the night , the view , and alexander were all gorgeous . 
 i was in the arms of a very real vampire -- one whom i loved and who loved me back . 
 i ` d also spent several days surrounded by other vampires . 
 i ` d met new friends , like onyx and scarlet , and was given a glimpse of their world . 
 it was n`t ghastly or deadly after all . 
 i wondered if several days were in fact enough for me when i could be living in it for eternity . 
 and if i were to be turned , what a romantic time and place to have it done . 
 but really ... was i ready ? 
 nothing ` s wrong , i finally answered . 
 i was just wondering . 
 about what ? 
 about me ... becoming like you . 
 he pulled back and appeared cross . 
 i ` m just saying . 
 you ` re here , i ` m here , the moon is full . 
 really . 
 it ` s that easy for you ? 
 he pressed skeptically . 
 i think you think i wo n`t be able to handle it . 
 you have a romantic view of my world . 
 probably like i do of yours . 
 but i know more about your world than you think . 
 i ` m not your typical vampire ... you ` re not typical in any way . 
 you are one of a kind . 
 it ` s just that ... i want you to consider me as part of your world . 
 i do already . 
 from the moment i met you . 
 alexander was dreamy , his face framed against the sparkling moonlight . 
 he was right . 
 i was so concerned with living in another world , i was n`t appreciating the one we were in together . 
 i smiled and fell into his arms . 
 when you turn me , i began , will we have a covenant ceremony ? 
 will we invite friends ? 
 or will you just hold me , on a perfect night like this ? 
 well . 
 all i need to do is start here . 
 he took my fingers and kissed them , then worked his way up my hand and forearm . 
 my flesh tingled as he continued to kiss up my arm and the nape of my neck . 
 then lean in ... suddenly alexander ` s eyes turned red and he looked away . 
 it ` s time to go , he said . 
 already ? 
 but we just got here . 
 we ` ve been here for hours . 
 it ` s getting late , he said . 
 i did n`t mean to -- but alexander had already slung his backpack over his shoulder and taken my hand . 
 i have a lot to do before i leave . 
 can i help you pack ? 
 i asked , standing on my tiptoes like a child . 
 that wo n`t be necessary . 
 jameson is very organized . 
 i was n`t ready for us to separate and there was nothing i could say to change his mind . 
 before i knew it we were standing outside aunt libby ` s apartment . 
 so when i see you next , alexander began , you ` ll be outside the mansion ` s gates , just like the painting . 
 i will . 
 alexander kissed me long . 
 i ` m glad you came to visit me . 
 it felt like i needed a crowbar to pry me away . 
 my heart began to sink as he let me go . 
 i held the bus ticket in my hand . 
 i ` d gotten everything i ` d come for -- to reunite with alexander and to finally know he was returning to dullsville . 
 thank you again for my present , i said . 
 alexander waited for me to safely enter my aunt ` s apartment . 
 once inside , i attempted to replace the key ring in my purse . 
 something sparkled -- a long , old-fashioned , golden key . 
 it was the dungeon skeleton key . 
 the whole time alexander had been in hipsterville , he had been painting a picture of me outside the mansion . 
 during our separation , he ` d been thinking about me living in dullsville as much as i ` d been dreaming about him on my trip . 
 and now , as i held the skeleton key in my hand , i was thinking about one more place -- an empty tomb overtaken by dancing vampires deep below hipsterville ` s new club . 
 alexander was right . 
 it was time to leave hipsterville . 
 but if , in fact , i ` d be boarding a dullsville-bound bus without promise of seeing or visiting a true vampire club again , i had to see the dungeon one last time . 
 aunt libby ` s fifteen-year-old navy blue schwinn was no sexy harley night rod . 
 the tires were low on air , the handlebar was missing a rubber handle cover , and the back wheel squeaked with every revolution . 
 i peddled through hipsterville and coasted down main street , steering around discarded trash left over from the festival . 
 i locked the schwinn to a bicycle rack outside the library , a block south of the vampire club . 
 i was hoofing down the sidewalk when i heard a motorcycle whizzing through an alleyway . 
 i followed the sound , which seemed to be coming from behind the buildings . 
 i wandered off the beaten path to a lit alleyway outside the coffin club , where i spotted a hearse parked next to a dumpster . 
 the car was familiar -- a vintage black cadillac with a silver bat hood ornament , whitewall tires , skull and crossbones on the left rear panel , and a skeleton hanging on the rearview mirror . 
 the license plate ` s county sticker was from hipsterville and the license plate read : i bite . 
 it was jagger ` s. past the oversized garbage can , i glimpsed a rider with a black helmet parking his bike in the alley . 
 i crept over as silently and quickly as a daddy longlegs . 
 when the rider took off his helmet , he spun around . 
 the shadows blocked him , but i appeared in full view . 
 even in the shadows , i could tell he seemed surprised by my arrival . 
 phoenix headed toward me , gravely concerned . 
 there may be trouble inside the bar tonight , he warned . 
 trouble ? 
 that ` s my middle name . 
 i ` m serious . 
 he placed his hand firmly on my shoulder . 
 i strongly suggest you go home . 
 he glared down at me , brooding behind his sunglasses , his dark purple and black hair flopping seductively over them . 
 i had a feeling that if i stayed , there might be more trouble outside the club . 
 i nodded reluctantly . 
 phoenix slipped into the coffin club through the back alley entrance . 
 i was surprised he had n`t parked in the vip spot and sauntered into the club like a leather-clad prince . 
 maybe there was going to be a fight inside the club tonight and he wanted to make a quick getaway . 
 i lagged behind him , and as the door began to close i stuck my foot inside the frame . 
 the door was heavy as it slammed on my boot . 
 i limped inside . 
 i saw purple locks bobbing a few feet ahead of me before they disappeared through a door . 
 i hobbled into the darkness , doing my best to keep up , but kept a safe distance so i would go undetected . 
 all of a sudden i was descending a steep staircase and standing in front of a dungeon door with the spray-painted words dead end . 
 i uncovered my coffin club bracelet , poked in my purse for my key chain , and anxiously fumbled for the skeleton key . 
 an equal amount of fear and excitement coursed through my veins . 
 the key shook in my unsteady hand , but i managed after a few tries to stick it into the lock and swiftly turn it . 
 the door creaked open . 
 dragon examined me as i whisked past him and slipped through the slit in the curtain . 
 the dungeon was spectacularly alive . 
 clubsters were buzzing , dancing , tipping back goblets , and partying as if it might be their final time at the club . 
 the devilish and decadent catacomb chambers were packed full of fang-toothed goths , punks , and emos . 
 perhaps it would be the last time i ` d see scarlet and onyx , if they forgave me for recognizing them as they were going unnoticed in the mortal world . 
 but as i milled through the crowd , an even darker mood began to wash over the club like draining blood . 
 i spotted members in white t-shirts with the black word possess , in homage to jagger ` s tattoo , having private meetings , whispering , and passing messages . 
 raven ! 
 i heard a familiar girl ` s voice call . 
 it was onyx . 
 her hair was styled in long pigtails , with spiderweb bows . 
 she and scarlet raced over to me . 
 i ` m so sorry we pretended not to know you at the art festival , scarlet apologized . 
 will you ever forgive us ? 
 onyx asked . 
 we have to keep a low profile when we ` re in the mortal world , said scarlet . 
 me too , but sometimes i forget , i said . 
 i could n`t acknowledge that we ` d met here , said onyx . 
 i understand , i replied . 
 what was i thinking ? 
 but i did feel sad . 
 as much as i did n`t fit in dullsville , i was still me -- 24-7 . 
 i did n`t really know what it meant to hide part of me -- or all of me -- from others , like onyx , scarlet , jagger , and alexander did on a daily basis . 
 while alexander thrived on isolation and jagger on his menacing ego , they all were truly outsiders . 
 i realized more than ever that for many of the vampires like scarlet and onyx , this club was their only lifeline . 
 there is so much going on , scarlet said , her voice rife with concern . 
 ca n`t you feel the tension ? 
 onyx asked . 
 the club ` s about to explode ! 
 i know -- there ` s something i ` ve got to tell you ... i began . 
 something ` s going down tonight , scarlet interrupted . 
 it ` s going to be a late night tonight , if you need to crash here , onyx offered . 
 you sleep in the club ? 
 i wondered aloud . 
 scar does n`t , onyx began . 
 she lives in town . 
 but i hang here when i visit . 
 that ` s what ` s so cool about the club and why we ` re hoping it does n`t change . 
 would you like to see my crash pad ? 
 onyx asked proudly . 
 we can tell you more there -- yes , i declared enthusiastically . 
 i was curious to see what kind of sleeping chamber jagger had set up for the club members to entice them to hipsterville . 
 once again , i was guided through narrow winding catacombs , past chambers , hallowed graves , and tombs . 
 everything looked familiar , and at the same time i knew i ` d never been down these tunnels before . 
 we finally stopped in front of a gray metal sliding door . 
 onyx opened the portal . 
 never in my life had i imagined such a vampire dwelling . 
 the windowless room was the size of a warehouse . 
 it was a funeral director ` s dream come true . 
 one coffin after another lay on the dirt floor , perfectly lined up -- ten coffins across . 
 but what was even more macabre were the coffins suspended above them , hanging from the ceiling by steel wire , like cryptic hammocks . 
 with a slam , the portal closed behind us . 
 i waited for the coffin lids to pop open and fang-flashing vampires to yell , surprise ! 
 but nothing happened . 
 i must have appeared unusually pale because scarlet placed her bloodred - fingernailed hand on my shoulder . 
 do n`t be startled , she reassured me . 
 it ` s just a fire door . 
 let me show you my coffin , onyx said excitedly . 
 i was n`t sure how their owners could tell them apart because they all appeared identical . 
 we walked by the vampires ` beds to the front of the room . 
 this one is mine , she said , tapping on the top . 
 on one side was a black onyx stone , outlined in white . 
 she lifted the coffin lid . 
 inside were red and black plaid sheets , a comforter and matching pillowcase , a black ipod , and a black uglydoll ice bat . 
 she closed the lid casually , as if it were a life-size guitar case . 
 when i ` d pictured becoming a vampire , i ` d never imagined this -- sleeping among strangers like in a youth hostel for the undead , just for the chance to wake up , dance , and be with other vampires . 
 was this the life i ` d be leading if i joined the underworld ? 
 to remain forever in a hidden identity -- or to risk it all to be known around mortals ? 
 it was time i told onyx and scarlet about the crop circle and what i ` d overheard . 
 we were wrong -- i was wrong . 
 about phoenix . 
 he does n`t want to expose the club . 
 he wants us to remain peaceful . 
 you ` re kidding , onyx said in disbelief . 
 scarlet ` s eyes grew red with rage . 
 then it ` s just been jagger ... all along . 
 yes ! 
 he and phoenix confronted each other out by the crop circle . 
 jagger ` s been inviting vampires here under the guise of a safe club to hang out in , but all the time he was planning on gathering enough members to take over the town . 
 he duped us all along ! 
 scarlet exclaimed . 
 we must do something before he ruins the club -- and us ! 
 onyx ordered . 
 the portal opened . 
 it was scarlet ` s blond date and he appeared very concerned . 
 there you are ! 
 he charged over to scarlet . 
 something ` s going down ... he paused when he saw me . 
 i ` m afraid we are going to lose the club . 
 before he had a chance to explain , he grabbed scarlet ` s hand , who in turn took onyx ` s. onyx grasped mine , her soft palm perspiring . 
 i grew even more anxious -- what would make a vampiress nervous ? 
 we entered the labyrinth of dark and narrow catacombs . 
 it was like a halloween haunted house , only the costumed volunteers were real-life vampires . 
 fanged , corpse-complexioned , blue-lipped vampires , all wearing white t-shirts , hung from the archways as we hurried through . 
 they threatened us , licking lips , eyes red with anger , reaching for us and trying to take hold of anything , from our shirts to our skirts . 
 parts of the catacombs were so curvy i was afraid we ` d get separated . 
 other turns were so dark the only thing i felt was onyx ` s hand and my boots hitting the uneven dirt floor . 
 when a naked bulb eventually illuminated our path , i was sure it was n`t onyx ` s hand i was holding anymore . 
 when i looked up , i let out a horrible scream . 
 a red-eyed vampire was clutching my hand , his nails as long as knives . 
 before i could give him a quick karate chop or stomp on his checkered vans , onyx got in his face , her eyes bright with fury , and yanked me away from him . 
 someone jumped out of the shadows , blocking my way . 
 vote for jagger if you know what ` s good for you . 
 i had managed to leap around him when another vampire , looking down from an archway , warned , jagger has the only bloodline worth following . 
 onyx squeezed my hand and i received a tremendous tug , hurling me and our chain forward . 
 we all spilled out and landed safely in a chamber where mystical fog permeated the air and a line of members waited , their destination unclear . 
 we ` d made it out of the catacombs . 
 in the chamber stood podiums cornered off by a red velvet curtain . 
 one by one , members entered the booths as if they were voting in a national election . 
 sign in , a vampire ordered , directing us to a sheet of butcher paper scrolled on a long oak table . 
 onyx picked up a feather dipped in ink and wrote her name , as beautiful as calligraphy . 
 i scribbled down raven madison . 
 what are we voting for ? 
 i asked onyx . 
 the direction of the club . 
 the guy handed us a piece of weathered parchment paper the size of a paperback , a pin encased in a plastic container , and an alcohol swab . 
 where ` s the pen ? 
 i asked . 
 this is it , he said disdainfully , rattling the container encasing the pin . 
 i ` m not really sure -- i began as another member routed me to a stall just behind onyx ` s . 
 he closed the red velvet curtain around me . 
 i placed my parchment on the podium . 
 two vampire names faced me -- jagger and phoenix -- an empty box next to each . 
 underneath jagger ` s name appeared expand dungeon . 
 underneath phoenix ` s were the words lock dungeon . 
 i waited a moment for instructions , but none came . 
 unlike school , there were no teachers or printed directions , e.g. , completely fill in the circle , use a number two pencil , or press firmly . 
 i was in a vampire club , after all -- there could be only one way to vote . 
 i sterilized my finger with a wipe , then took a deep breath and pricked my skin . 
 i was so nervous , i figured i ` d bleed to death , but instead not even a drop surfaced . 
 with my other hand , i squeezed my finger with all my might . 
 a drop of blood the size of a dot formed , then it grew as big as a pencil ` s eraser . 
 as if my finger were a pen , i marked a box with a bloody x. i caught up to onyx , scarlet , and their deadly dates by the electric chair . 
 we wasted no time in returning to the dance floor , now infused with worried clubsters . 
 there was less dancing and more talking , huddling , and pacing . 
 the stage was empty of bandmates or instruments . 
 i was n`t sure what we were waiting for exactly -- a celebration ? 
 a fight ? 
 after all , i was in a vampire club -- we could be waiting for a sacrifice . 
 a few minutes later , dragon took the stage holding a stack of parchment ballots . 
 he awkwardly stepped to the microphone . 
 he obviously appeared more comfortable confronting members by the coffin lid door than he did speaking in front of them . 
 he shifted back and forth uneasily and cleared his throat . 
 the results are in , he declared , one hand in his camouflage cargo pocket . 
 the crowd burst into cheers . 
 white-t-shirt-wearing members chanted , jagger , jagger while others shouted , phoenix , phoenix . 
 phoenix and jagger , flanked with their cohorts , entered the stage from opposite sides like prizefighters coming into a ring . 
 jagger threw his arms up in the air while phoenix folded his arms and hung back . 
 dragon cleared his throat again . 
 and now ... what you ` ve all waited for ... the dungeon master is ... everyone fell silent . 
 then dragon leaned into the microphone and yelled , the dungeon master is ... phoenix ! 
 the crowd cheered , although the members in white t-shirts were visibly disappointed . 
 i grabbed scarlet ` s hand . 
 the girls wailed in delight and we raised our arms and danced . 
 dragon stood twice as tall and three times as wide as jagger . 
 it is time , jagger , that you relinquish your master key , he demanded , and took the lanyard from around jagger ` s neck . 
 dragon returned to the mike . 
 this is one of a kind and ca n`t be duplicated , dragon announced . 
 it is the only key that can permanently lock or unlock the club , giving the holder total control . 
 phoenix took to the microphone to thunderous applause and cheers while dragon presented him with a shiny golden skeleton key . 
 the crowd cheered again as phoenix nodded his acceptance . 
 for our own survival , he began in his heavy romanian accent , we must remain peaceful and anonymous . 
 the dungeon has become a perfect place for us to be ourselves . 
 we do n`t have to be violent to be vampires . 
 the crowd cheered with enthusiasm . 
 and what is most important is that we do n`t look to one person as a leader . 
 so as long as we remain on a peaceful path , i relinquish control to the real leaders of the club -- you ! 
 phoenix high-fived his gang and stepped offstage and disappeared . 
 this is awesome ! 
 scarlet yelled . 
 onyx and scarlet clasped hands with me and we jumped up and down , giggling and cheering like a daisy circle . 
 onyx ` s pigtails and scarlet ` s curls bounced like those of girls in a school yard . 
 jagger hopped onstage and seized the microphone . 
 do n`t be so ready to turn your club over to him ! 
 the noise died down and finally stopped . 
 everyone was confused by jagger ` s reappearance . 
 one of our members is a fraud ! 
 he challenged . 
 in fact , she is n`t a member at all ! 
 we are a club of immortals and one of us is actually a mortal ! 
 whispers quickly spread throughout the club like wildfire . 
 i was honestly so caught up in the moment , i gasped along with scarlet and onyx . 
 the voting result is null and void ! 
 jagger argued . 
 phoenix is not your winner ! 
 that ` s weird , onyx remarked to me . 
 who would want to be a mortal surrounded by vampires ? 
 do they have a death wish ? 
 i demand a recount ! 
 jagger yelled . 
 jagger ` s gang stood onstage and examined the stack of ballots one by one . 
 the crowd was on edge as if they were waiting for an execution order . 
 several of phoenix ` s supporters climbed onstage and surrounded jagger ` s crew . 
 one of these is not true vampire blood , jagger said , waving the stack in the air . 
 here it is ! 
 one of jagger ` s sidekicks hollered like he ` d found a winning lottery ticket . 
 jagger snatched it from his hand . 
 this one is mortal blood ! 
 he proclaimed . 
 i told you ! 
 taste it for yourself ! 
 the confused group of immortals was now talking quietly among themselves . 
 i know who the mortal is ! 
 jagger declared . 
 the crowd began to skeptically glance around . 
 no one believed the person beside them might not be one of the undead . 
 for a moment i did n`t either . 
 perhaps it was someone else he was talking about . 
 the ghastly group looked to jagger for an answer . 
 jagger was fuming with anger . 
 the mortal is hiding among you . 
 and she ` s standing right there ! 
 he blurted out , pointing to me . 
 the clubsters gasped in disbelief . 
 my stomach caved in . 
 at any moment the crowd of vampires was going to pounce on me . 
 dragon pushed his way to the microphone . 
 it does n`t matter ! 
 he said , holding my ballot and the focus of the group . 
 phoenix has twice as many votes as you . 
 his already ghost white face turned paler . 
 phoenix won fair and square ! 
 dragon proclaimed . 
 the crowd cheered a deafening roar . 
 jagger glared at them , then at me , his blue and green eyes turning fiery red . 
 he threw the card down and stormed offstage . 
 one of his crew came to the microphone . 
 we still have a mortal among us ! 
 calm down , dragon said , but the white-t-shirt-wearing members grew restless . 
 the whole crowd turned their gaze to me , baring their fangs . 
 remember why you voted for phoenix , dragon directed . 
 scarlet and onyx appeared bewildered . 
 i ` m so -- , i pleaded . 
 i thought you were our friend , scarlet said , disappointed . 
 i was . 
 i am . 
 just because i ` m mortal does n`t mean -- jagger ` s crew was closing in around us . 
 you lied to us , scarlet argued . 
 did i ? 
 i never said i was a vampire . 
 she ` s right , onyx defended . 
 we liked her because she ` s cool . 
 and that has n`t changed . 
 in fact , she ` s brave . 
 i never would have hung out with vampires before i was turned . 
 i did n`t mean to -- , i said to scarlet . 
 then scarlet ` s demeanor softened . 
 it does n`t matter to me that you are mortal , she agreed . 
 i liked you because you are you . 
 the rest of the club was far less forgiving . 
 jagger ` s crew encircled me . 
 she may reveal everything to the outside world , one said . 
 and destroy our anonymity ! 
 cried another . 
 she needs to make a decision ! 
 you better turn now ! 
 one demanded . 
 you must decide for all eternity , one said seductively . 
 you wo n`t regret it . 
 there is only one way to be a member ! 
 another ordered , his gold fangs flashing . 
 our way is the best way , someone added . 
 we are offering you the chance for immortality . 
 would you rather be buried in a grave or just sleep in one ? 
 come join us . 
 we wo n`t bite ... one said with a laugh . 
 scarlet linked tightly on to one of my arms and onyx the other . 
 back off ! 
 onyx yelled . 
 the two girls held on to me like a prized possession , but i felt more like a piand # 65533 ; ata . 
 they were no match for the angry mob of jagger ` s crew , and it took only a few moments before our hold was broken . 
 i stood alone , surrounded by bloodthirsty vampires . 
 the rest of the club was motionless . 
 even phoenix ` s benign vampires , who wanted nothing more than a secure place to hang out , were now conflicted . 
 was i more of a threat alive -- or undead ? 
 i ` d always fantasized about becoming a vampire , hanging limp-bodied in the arms of a seductive vampire lover . 
 i ` d be the only one who could sustain his eternal life . 
 without me , he would n`t exist and he ` d be buried deep within his coffin even in the moonlit hours . 
 we ` d live out our underwordly lives together -- shrouded in mystery . 
 this is the picture i ` d always had in my mind , and when i met alexander , i felt this undying love for him -- my dream was coming true . 
 but being seduced by a gang of jagger ` s cohorts was n`t what i ` d imagined . 
 i was living the nightmare i ` d had a few nights ago . 
 i was n`t ready to give up my mortal life because of peer pressure . 
 i ` d waited forever for alexander to be the one to turn me -- not a gang of underworldly strangers . 
 i ` d always wanted to become a vampire , but under the moonlight during a covenant ceremony , not in a club brawl . 
 my heart raced . 
 i hoped to wake up at any moment , out of breath on aunt libby ` s futon . 
 it did n`t happen . 
 do n`t touch her ! 
 onyx yelled as a few evil-looking vampires held her back . 
 so you ` ve been hanging out here ... a white t-shirt member said , slithering up next to me . 
 is it what you always dreamed of ? 
 jagger ` s crew inched closer , hovering around me like a flock of vultures . 
 yes ! 
 just not this way . 
 there is only one way to become a member of our club , one said as they tightened their circle . 
 i turned to my new friends , onyx and scarlet . 
 and to the whole club that i ` d been accepted in and wanted to remain part of . 
 though i was attracted , mesmerized , and even seduced by the dungeon , when faced with the decision , was i willing to give up my life to join ? 
 at what cost did i want to be a member of the real coffin club ? 
 at any moment , like an action hero , i hoped alexander would burst through the dungeon door . 
 but alexander was nowhere to be found . 
 he and jameson were naively packing while i was moments away from becoming a vampiress . 
 even dragon was n`t in plain view . 
 i ` d have to get myself out of this mess . 
 only i did n`t know how . 
 the entrance was locked , and there was no getting past the gang of possess-ed . 
 i ` ve always wanted to be like you . 
 that ` s why i ` m here . 
 why i snuck in ! 
 i shouted . 
 do n`t you see ? 
 then join us ! 
 one said . 
 you will be eternally grateful , another proclaimed . 
 they stared at me with hypnotic eyes . 
 i became dizzy and shifted my gaze away . 
 not now , not this way ! 
 i cried . 
 two clubsters in possess white t-shirts grasped my wrists and brushed my hair away from my shoulder . 
 i was overpowered . 
 i could n`t move . 
 my heart was pounding so hard i thought it would explode at any moment . 
 it wo n`t hurt , they said , licking their lips . 
 well , it might sting a bit , one said , and leaned into me . 
 no ! 
 not this way . 
 i want alexander ! 
 suddenly the sound of a motorcycle ` s engine tearing through the catacombs was heard . 
 phoenix peeled out of the tunnel and screeched to a halt at the edge of the dance floor . 
 he vehemently revved his engine repeatedly . 
 several members stepped back , uncertain of phoenix ` s next move . 
 but the crew continued to latch on to my wrists even tighter . 
 phoenix revved his engine again . 
 when jagger ` s crew did n`t flinch , he shook his head . 
 he thrust the motorcycle in reverse and backed it up ever so slowly , inch by inch , never taking his eyes off of me . 
 he backed up as far as the farthermost archway -- about twenty yards away from us -- and shifted back into drive . 
 my heart was throbbing louder than the engine itself . 
 when my captives did n`t release me , phoenix revved the engine a final time . 
 he took off and headed straight for me . 
 i froze . 
 everything was happening in slow motion . 
 phoenix sped toward me , his engine roaring , dust spraying behind him . 
 the crowd on the dance floor quickly dispersed . 
 my heart must have stopped and i forgot to breathe . 
 he continued to race right for me . 
 i tried desperately to wriggle out of the gang ` s clutches , but i could n`t as the night rod approached . 
 at any second i was going to have motorcycle tracks racing up my body . 
 phoenix was now only a few feet away and still i could n`t move . 
 i closed my eyes and said a quick prayer . 
 at the very last second , jagger ` s crew released me from their clutches and scrambled to the sides . 
 i let out a bloodcurdling scream as the motorcycle skidded to a dead stop a few inches from where i was standing . 
 it took a moment before i could inhale again . 
 my body was limp and my legs like buttered noodles . 
 phoenix hopped off his bike and extended his hand to me , but i refused . 
 i still did n`t know who this guy was . 
 maybe phoenix wanted me to be the dungeon mistress . 
 he did n`t grab my hand or lean in to bite me . 
 he actually looked quite surprised . 
 dragon resurfaced and , along with a large group of club members , gathered jagger ` s crew together and repossessed their club keys . 
 scarlet and onyx ran over to me . 
 it ` s okay . 
 phoenix saved you . 
 he ` s restored order to our club . 
 the crowd began chanting , phoenix , phoenix as the two girls helped me straddle the sleek bike . 
 i still have the master key , phoenix announced with a thumbs-up to the crowd . 
 everyone cheered . 
 i looked out into the crowd of immortals . 
 they , like me , just wanted a place to hang out and be the insiders for a change . 
 the music began to blast and many cheered , kissed , or started to dance . 
 onyx gave me a tight squeeze and i hugged her back as hard as i could . 
 come back , please , she said , flashing her onyx-jeweled fang . 
 you have a lifetime membership . 
 keep in touch , scarlet said . 
 you have my number . 
 just remember to call after sunset . 
 my -- ... parents hate to be woken up during the day , we said in unison . 
 then we both giggled wildly . 
 i glanced around the dungeon -- the dance floor , the bar full of blood drinks , the hollowed-out graves and tombs used for life as much as for death in my world . 
 i ` d never been in a truly underworldly environment , and i did n`t know when or if i ` d ever be in one again . 
 i ` d been surrounded by cold-blooded vampires who , i learned , surprisingly , were warmhearted . 
 i ` d found the club of my dreams -- the only one i ` d ever really wanted to belong to . 
 phoenix handed me his helmet and i placed it on my head . 
 i wrapped my arms around his studded leather jacket and smiled at scarlet and onyx , now in the company of their dates . 
 the members retreated , rocked to the music , and waved . 
 phoenix started the engine and i held on to him with all my might as he drove off through the labyrinth of dark , winding catacombs and out a secret exit . 
 phoenix sat on his motorcycle as i unlocked aunt libby ` s bike outside the library . 
 i sensed his gaze as i wrapped the heavy metal chain around the schwinn ` s seat . 
 phoenix was leaning back against his bike , his motorcycle boots crossed at the ankle and his black leather pants hugging him hard like cellophane . 
 his leather jacket was open , revealing a black t-shirt , and his arms were folded . 
 purple hair flopped over black sunglasses , and the moonlight cast a shadow against his pale face . 
 he was staring straight at me -- just like he was when i ` d seen him illuminated in the dungeon . 
 i did n`t know what to say . 
 phoenix had saved my life . 
 and i was n`t sure when i ` d see him again , or if i ` d ever . 
 i ca n`t thank you enough -- , i said from a safe distance . 
 well , you can try , he said coyly . 
 i smiled and playfully rolled my eyes . 
 i told you , i have a boyfriend . 
 for some reason i sensed that it did n`t matter to him whether i surrendered to his advances or not . 
 i almost felt that he preferred i did n`t . 
 he appeared to be the kind of guy who was comfortable living in the shadows while the other guy got the girl . 
 i was wrong about you , i confessed . 
 you were much more benevolent than i imagined . 
 i ` m sorry i misjudged you . 
 he nodded . 
 that ` s all right , he replied . 
 i misjudged you , too . 
 really ? 
 i asked . 
 yes . 
 you were much more trouble than i imagined . 
 we both laughed . 
 i knew i should have felt happy that phoenix had saved me , but instead i felt really sad knowing i might never see my new vampire friend again . 
 i had started to straddle aunt libby ` s bike when i quickly climbed off and leaned it against the rack . 
 i raced over to phoenix and wrapped my arms around him , giving him a long , tight squeeze . 
 i must have surprised him , because he did n`t hug me back . 
 then i felt his leather - clad arms around me . 
 he hugged me , too , as if it were for the last time . 
 i hopped on aunt libby ` s bike and sped away , not once glancing back . 
 when i passed main street and turned the corner , i heard the familiar roaring sound of a motorcycle racing off into the night . 
 as i pedaled back toward aunt libby ` s , i was overtaken by a flood of emotions . 
 i ` d come here to hipsterville for one reason only -- to reunite with my boyfriend . 
 however , once i ` d gotten my wish , i ` d defied his one request -- i had returned to the coffin club without him . 
 not only did i discover an intoxicating and dangerous underground world of vampires in the dungeon , i had been one bite away from belonging to the underworld for eternity -- all without my beloved alexander . 
 after falling in love with alexander , it was n`t just that i wanted to become a vampire -- i wanted to become one together . 
 yet i immersed myself in a world that my own boyfriend himself felt like an outsider in . 
 was that what alexander wanted for me ? 
 or for himself ? 
 i coasted downhill and replayed the last week in my head . 
 i thought i was being investigative and mature when perhaps i was only being reckless . 
 and if alexander ever found out about my dungeon adventures , i wanted him to hear it from my own lips . 
 i wanted him to know that if and when i became immortal , he ` d be the one on the other side of my neck . 
 i felt as if i ` d betrayed alexander . 
 i was ashamed and disappointed in myself . 
 i had to confess to alexander all that i ` d done . 
 i had to let him know i ` d been so close to joining his world but that without him it meant nothing . 
 alexander was right to buy me a ticket out of town . 
 he always knew what was best for me , and i ` d taken the wrong path . 
 instead of taking a turn to head to aunt libby ` s , i veered left toward lennox hill . 
 it began to rain . 
 i sped through the growing puddles and steered through the long street to the cul-de-sac that the manor house sat on . 
 i pedaled up the driveway and leaned the schwinn against a small gate . 
 i ran along the uneven rock path and banged against the front door . 
 no one answered . 
 i stood back . 
 i did n`t see anyone lurking in the main room or attic room windows . 
 lightning flashed as i ran alongside the house and around to the back door . 
 i pounded my fists on the door , droplets of rainwater bouncing off . 
 i climbed on top of a discarded box and peeked in the kitchen window . 
 there were no signs of dishes , plates , flowers , or anything resembling the living . 
 the already empty-looking manor now appeared totally vacant . 
 frustrated , i ran through the unkempt gardens infested with overgrown weeds . 
 i tried to peer into alexander ` s attic window , but from my vantage point i could n`t get a clear view . 
 one thing had changed . 
 there was no curtain in the window . 
 my heart sank . 
 i kicked the corner of the wooden bench . 
 i had one last shot . 
 i hurried to the garage . 
 the lock had been removed and the door was slightly ajar . 
 when i opened the garage door i was shocked -- the mercedes was gone . 
 that meant one thing -- alexander and jameson had already left the manor house . 
 i would n`t be able to fall into alexander ` s arms and tell him about my terrifying night or explain that i did n`t want to become a member of the real coffin club without him . 
 for now , my confession would have to wait . 
 i unhinged the dungeon skeleton key from my key ring and symbolically placed it on the floor of the garage . 
 a streak of lightning lit the sky and i saw something in the garage sparkle . 
 i inched forward to examine it more closely as the thunder crashed around me . 
 i caught a glimpse of something behind a hanging sheet hidden in the shadows . 
 perhaps it was a coffin or mirrors from the manor house . 
 protruding from the sheet and catching the moonlight was a shiny silver exhaust pipe . 
 i inched closer . 
 i pulled back the sheet to reveal whatever was being hidden . 
 i stepped back in disbelief . 
 chrome frame . 
 handlebars . 
 it was a motorcycle . 
 what on earth was it doing here ? 
 maybe alexander had bought a night rod after admiring the bike outside the club . 
 but i felt heat emanating from the motorcycle as if it had just been ridden . 
 i took a long breath and discovered something sweet permeating the air . 
 it was the smell of obsession . 
 i sensed a familiar presence standing behind me . 
 i glimpsed down at the floor behind me . 
 a shiny motorcycle boot was blocking me . 
 i spun around and gasped . 
 alexander was looking at me , his soft chocolate eyes staring soulfully into mine . 
 he was wearing a leather motorcycle jacket and pants and holding a purple wig and sunglasses in one hand . 
 i stood frozen . 
 my eyes welled up . 
 it was you all along . 
 i wiped a tear away from my cheek . 
 it was you who saved the coffin club -- and me . 
 alexander pulled off his motorcycle gloves and extended his hand , his spider ring almost glowing . 
 he pulled me into him and wrapped his arms around my waist . 
 this is why you had to stay in hipsterville so long ? 
 i asked . 
 not for the art festival but for the dungeon ? 
 he nodded . 
 but why the disguise ? 
 i asked . 
 jagger and i finally had come to a truce . 
 not only was it important to me -- but to my family . 
 if he noticed i was in the dungeon , he would have known that once i ` d heard his real intention for the club , i ` d try to thwart his plan . 
 i know it sounds strange , but i found it comforting knowing that jagger and i were no longer nemeses . 
 if i ` d shown my face , i ` d risk restoring another feud . 
 but someone needed to stop him . 
 and since i could n`t , i had to find someone who could . 
 i gazed up at alexander , realizing for the first time why i ` d been so drawn to phoenix . 
 it ` s time to return home , together , he replied , and kissed me with the intensity of two very mysterious vampires . 
 then he licked his lips and flashed his fangs and grinned . 
 for eternity . 
