 `` who the hell are you ? '' 
 startled by the voice below where she stood on a stepladder hanging a colorful border of zoo animals above a corkboard - a booming voice sounding as if it had come from the bowels of the earth - kelly andrews lost her balance and fell backward . 
 her fall was halted as she found herself cushioned against the solid chest of the man who had silently entered the schoolhouse . 
 a swooshing rush of breath escaped her parted lips at the same time her eyes widened in surprise . 
 glaring down at her under lowered lids was the man who was her tormentor and rescuer . 
 there was no doubt he was a blackstone . 
 the angular , raw-boned face was the same as sheldon blackstone 's . 
 his eyes were gray , not the silvery sparkling shade of his father 's , but a dark gray that reminded kelly of a wintry sky before a snowstorm . 
 she wondered which blackstone son he was - jeremy the dea agent or ryan the veterinarian . 
 whoever he was , the black stubble on his jaw made him look formidable . 
 her startled gaze settled on his sensual full lower lip , wondering if it ever softened in a spontaneous smile . 
 ryan blackstone 's expression mirrored that of the woman in his arms : shock . 
 he 'd just returned to virginia and blackstone farms from the tuskegee university of veterinary medicine where he 'd taught several courses as a visiting professor for two semesters . 
 minutes after he 'd parked his car in the garage near the main house he had noted the sly grins and muted whispers from long-time employees , but chose to ignore them because he had been anxious to reunite with his father . 
 his four-year-old son had spent the drive from alabama to virginia chattering incessantly about returning to the horse farm and seeing grandpa . 
 sheldon had warmly welcomed his son and grandson home , then told ryan that he wanted him to meet the teacher for the new child care center , at the same time extolling the woman 's credentials and experience . 
 this news pleased ryan because now the young children who lived at blackstone farms would have a structured daily environment . 
 for years they had become free spirits , wood sprites with the horse farm 's property as their backyard . 
 they ran barefoot in the grass , climbed trees , swam in one of the two in-ground pools and raced in and out of the dining hall several times a day for snacks . 
 establishing the blackstone day school was an ideal situation , but only if the woman in his arms was n't its new teacher . 
 kelly placed a palm on his chest , pushing against solid muscle . 
 `` please , put me down , mr. blackstone . '' 
 the sound of her husky voice jolted ryan . 
 the soft , perfumed body pressed against his was so pleasurable that he 'd almost forgotten how good it felt to hold a woman - especially one who was certain not to share his bed . 
 dark gray eyes narrowed slightly under raven eyebrows . 
 he held his breath before letting it out slowly . 
 `` who 's asking ? '' 
 he had tightened his grip under her knees . 
 `` kelly andrews , blackstone farms day school 's new teacher . 
 and i hope you do n't make it a habit of using profanity around children . '' 
 ryan glared at kelly . 
 who did she think she was ? 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 `` mr. blackstone , if you 're hearing impaired i can sign for you . 
 i 'm certified in american sign language as well as certified to teach nursery through sixth grade . 
 now , i 'm going to ask you again to put me down or i 'll be forced to show you what other certifications i have . '' 
 ryan decided he liked holding kelly . 
 he liked the husky timbre of her voice and the way her curvy body melded with his ; he also liked the smell of her hair and skin . 
 `` are you warning me that you 're trained in martial arts ? '' 
 smiling , kelly admired the masculine face inches from her own . 
 slanting cheekbones , a strong nose with slightly flaring nostrils , and a square-cut chin made for an arresting visage . 
 his eyes were beautiful . 
 they were a striking contrast to his brown skin . 
 slowly , as if in a trance , ryan lowered kelly until her sandaled feet touched the newly installed oak flooring . 
 so , he thought , she was the one everyone had been whispering about . 
 she was the teacher who would assume the responsibility for socializing the farm 's young children . 
 studying her upturned face , ryan stared down into eyes the color of newly minted pennies with glints of gold . 
 they were framed by long , thick black lashes , which seemed to enhance their vibrancy . 
 her delicate copper-brown face was exquisite : sculpted cheekbones and a delicate chin with a hint of a dimple . 
 a slight smile tugged at the corners of his mouth . 
 kelly andrews was lovely ; no , he mused , she was stunning ! 
 when ryan had walked into the schoolhouse , he 'd stood there mutely , staring at a pair of incredibly long legs under a pair of cutoffs , a narrow waist and slim hips . 
 the hem of her sleeveless white blouse was tied at her midriff , offering a glimpse of velvety flesh at a waist small enough for him to span with both hands . 
 her dark chemically relaxed hair , cut to graze the back of her long neck , was secured off her face by a wide red headband . 
 `` how old are you , miss andrews ? '' 
 kelly took a quick breath of utter astonishment . 
 counting slowly to herself , she bit down on her lower lip . 
 she had to choose her words wisely or she would walk away from this position . 
 staring up at the tall man looming over her , she forced a smile she did not feel . 
 `` in case you are n't aware of it , mr. blackstone , but there are laws against age discrimination in the workplace . '' 
 a spark of satisfaction lit her eyes when a rush of deep color darkened his tanned gold-brown face . 
 ryan 's right hand tightened at his side . 
 `` i 'm very much aware of the law , miss andrews , '' he said . 
 `` and you can call me ryan . 
 my father is mr. blackstone . '' 
 even though sheldon blackstone was legally listed as owner of the horse farm , it was ryan who had eventually assumed responsibility for its day-to-day operation . 
 his father had resumed the role this past year only because ryan had been teaching as a visiting professor at his alma mater . 
 in ryan 's absence sheldon had advertised , interviewed and had hired kelly to teach the children of blackstone farms . 
 and given sheldon 's penchant for beautiful women , it was obvious why he had hired kelly andrews . 
 pulling herself up to her full five-foot-eight-inch height , kelly flashed a confident grin . 
 `` if you 're that versed in the law , then why did you inquire about my age ? '' 
 aware that he 'd been caught in a trap of his own making , ryan struggled to extricate himself from a terminal case of foot-in-mouth . 
 `` you look so young that i. . . 
 i , '' he stammered , unable to complete his statement . 
 there was something in her gaze that tightened the muscles in his stomach . 
 it had been a long time since a woman had excited him with just a glance . 
 not since the first time his gaze met the woman 's who had eventually become his wife and the mother of his son . 
 kelly lifted an eyebrow and decided to let ryan squirm a bit longer . 
 it would serve him right if she turned her back on him and went back to decorating her classroom . 
 she had wanted to finish by the end of what had become a very long day . 
 but there was so much to do . 
 she still had to unpack and catalog books , games , art supplies and videos before she 'd be ready . 
 she had hoped to open the school on monday - exactly one month since her arrival at blackstone farms . 
 `` i can assure you , ryan , '' she said , stressing his name , `` i 'm old enough and qualified to teach . '' 
 `` that may be so , miss andrews , but i intend to monitor you closely during your probationary period . '' 
 gazing up at him , kelly noticed a sprinkling of silver in the thick , close-cropped wavy black hair . 
 there was something rakish and sophisticated in ryan . 
 his dark skin and light colored eyes reminded her of lightning in a bottle . 
 `` ryan ? '' 
 her voice was soft and layered with a sensuality that jerked his head up like a marionette manipulated by a puppeteer . 
 his eyes darkened until they were nearly black with an indefinable emotion . 
 `` yes , kelly . '' 
 it was the first time he 'd called her by her given name . 
 tilting her chin , she gave him a captivating smile . 
 `` i do n't have a probationary clause in my contract . '' 
 ryan closed his eyes , silently cursing his father for being taken in by her pretty face . 
 it was sheldon who had vehemently insisted that everyone employed at blackstone farms sign a contract - one that always included a clause detailing a probationary period . 
 he opened his eyes to find kelly staring at him , while at the same time the curvy pout of her sexy mouth taunted and challenged him . 
 `` what did you promise my father ? '' 
 her smooth forehead furrowed . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 ryan leaned closer . 
 `` you heard me the first time , kelly . 
 do n't make me have to sign for you . '' 
 his gaze roamed leisurely over her body . 
 `` i hope when you begin teaching you 'll be wearing more clothes . '' 
 without giving her an opportunity to come back at him , he turned on his heels , walked out of the schoolhouse , and closed the door softly , leaving her to stare at a pair of broad shoulders that seemed almost too wide for the doorway . 
 she sat on the stepladder , her shoulders slumping in resignation as the enthusiasm she had felt earlier that morning dissipated . 
 it did not take the intelligence of a rocket scientist to know that ryan blackstone did not like women . 
 and apparently it was n't all women - just the younger ones . 
 at thirty , she had experienced what most women her age had n't : widowhood . 
 several months before she 'd celebrated her twenty-eighth birthday simeon randall had been killed by a hit-and-run driver when he 'd pulled off the parkway to fix a flat tire . 
 simeon , mercifully , had died instantly from massive head trauma . 
 the appearance of two police officers at her door , asking that she come to a local hospital because her husband had been killed in a traffic accident had changed her and her life forever . 
 she 'd lost her first love , soul mate and life partner . 
 even after she had buried her husband she refused to accept that he would not walk through the door each night to share dinner with her . 
 she 'd continued to set the table for two . 
 when her mother , who had come to see her without calling first , asked about the extra place setting , kelly broke down and sobbed in her arms the way she 'd done as a child . 
 camille andrews stayed the night , holding her daughter in her arms while they slept in the bed kelly had shared with her son-in-law . 
 the following day kelly walked into the principal 's office at the school where she 'd taught third grade , and resigned her position . 
 two days later she got into her car and headed for washington , d.c. to spend time with her sister and brother-in-law . 
 a month 's stay became two , and eventually twenty-three . 
 she had returned to new york city to clean out her co-op apartment , sell items she did not want , place heirloom pieces in storage and list the property with a real estate agent . 
 the apartment was sold six months later , and kelly deposited the proceeds into a washington , d.c. , bank account . 
 she continued to pay to store her furniture until she received official documentation of her hire as a teacher for blackstone farms day school . 
 the antique mahogany sleigh bed , armoire , heirloom linens , quilts and the wrought-iron table and chairs that had once sat on her grandmother 's patio now graced the charming bungalow she would call home for the next year . 
 she sat on the stool until the door opened again , and this time it was sheldon blackstone who had come to see her . 
 `` do n't bother to get up , '' he said , as he came closer . 
 leaning against the wall , he crossed his legs at the ankles . 
 `` it looks nice , miss kelly . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i should finish decorating tonight . '' 
 a slight frown marred sheldon 's lined forehead . 
 `` why do n't you put that off until tomorrow ? '' 
 kelly studied the older man 's profile , finding him quite handsome . 
 tall , solidly built , with brilliant light-gray eyes in a face the color of toasted pecans , she knew the widowed horse breeder could easily attract a woman from thirty to eighty . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` everyone 's gathering in the dining hall tonight at six to welcome my son and grandson home . '' 
 since coming to blackstone farms sheldon noticed that kelly rarely took her meals in the dining hall with the other employees . 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 'll be there , mr. blackstone . '' 
 straightening , he wagged a finger at her . 
 `` i told you before that we 're pretty informal here . 
 please call me sheldon . '' 
 `` if that 's the case , please call me kelly . '' 
 `` no , '' he said , shaking his head . 
 `` i 'll call you miss kelly in front of the children . 
 there 's an unwritten rule here . 
 the children are n't allowed to address adults by their given name , especially women . 
 i know it may sound outdated and quite southern to a northerner , but it is a blackstone tradition . '' 
 kelly smiled . 
 `` i may be from new york , but i do claim some southern roots . 
 i have some virginia blood on my daddy 's side and south carolina on my mama 's . '' 
 sheldon flashed a rare smile . 
 `` where in virginia ? '' 
 `` newport news . '' 
 `` the best seafood i 've ever eaten was in newport news . '' 
 `` i have relatives there who are fishermen . '' 
 sheldon took a quick glance at his watch . 
 `` i expect to see you later . '' 
 `` you will . '' 
 kelly had to smile . 
 i expect to see you later . 
 it was sheldon 's way of ordering her to eat with the other employees . 
 since she had come to live on the farm , she had eaten at the dining hall twice , both times for breakfast . 
 sheldon had informed her that breakfast and lunch were served buffet-style , while dinner was a sit-down affair where everyone who lived or worked on the property shared in this meal - all except for her . 
 she usually prepared a light dinner , cleaned up the kitchen in the bungalow before throwing all of her energies into her craft projects . 
 she 'd worked practically nonstop to ready her classroom for the projected first day of school , which was now only three days away . 
 curbing the urge to salute her boss , she watched as he walked across the floor of the spacious outbuilding that had been converted into a schoolhouse . 
 she wanted to say like father , like son , but decided to reserve judgment on the blackstones . 
 after all , they were responsible for an enterprise that included thousands of acres of land , millions of dollars in horseflesh and a payroll for more than thirty employees . 
 after seeing an ad in the washington post for an experienced teacher certified in early childhood education to teach on a horse farm in the western part of virginia , kelly had searched the internet for information on blackstone farms . 
 she had learned that blackstone farms was one of a few owned and operated african american horse farms in the state . 
 she liked this part of virginia . 
 it was so different from new york city and washington , d.c. although it was early summer , the heat and humidity were noticeably lower . 
 the property , west of the blue ridge and east of the shenandoah mountain ranges , lay in a valley like a shimmering emerald on blue-black velvet , was to become her home for the next year . 
 she glanced at her watch . 
 it was almost four-thirty . 
 she would finish putting up the banner , then go home to prepare for dinner . 
 twenty minutes later , the border in place , kelly walked out of the schoolhouse , closing the door behind her . 
 sheldon had introduced her to some of the other employees , but tonight would be the first time she would interact with all of them socially . 
 it would also be the first time she would meet the parents of the children who would become her responsibility . 
 kelly parked her honda between two late-model pickup trucks and stepped out into an area set aside for parking . 
 it was fifteen minutes before six , yet the lot was almost filled to capacity . 
 she had n't taken more than a few steps when she saw him . 
 ryan was dressed in black : linen shirt , slacks and low-heeled boots . 
 the color made him appear taller , more imposing . 
 although he 'd slowed his stride to accommodate the pace of the young child clinging to his hand , kelly still admired the fluidity of his beautifully proportioned physique . 
 there was something about ryan that reminded her of her simeon even though the two men looked nothing alike . 
 `` it 's a beautiful evening , is n't it , miss kelly ? '' 
 cooling mountain breezes ruffled the leaves of trees , bringing with it the cloying sweetness of wildflowers blooming throughout the valley . 
 kelly stopped in midstride , her breathing halting momentarily before starting up again . 
 ryan had also stopped and turned around to face her . 
 he stood several feet away , flashing a wide , white-tooth smile . 
 recovering quickly , she returned his smile . 
 `` yes , it is , dr. blackstone . '' 
 her gaze shifted to the boy staring up at her . 
 kelly knew the child was a blackstone . 
 he had inherited his father 's features . 
 his eyes were a mirror image of ryan 's . 
 she extended her hand . 
 she knew from the records sheldon had given her that sean blackstone had recently celebrated his fourth birthday . 
 bending at the knees , she said , `` hi . '' 
 ryan placed a hand on his son 's head . 
 `` sean , this is miss kelly . 
 she 's going to be your teacher . 
 miss kelly , this is my son , sean . '' 
 sean stared at her hand and inched closer to his father 's leg . 
 vertical lines appeared between his large eyes . 
 `` i do n't want to go to school . '' 
 ryan had n't registered his son 's protest because all of his attention was directed at the woman dressed in a sheer white silk blouse , slim black linen wrap skirt and black heels . 
 he had n't known kelly was behind him until he 'd detected the scent of her perfume . 
 her exposed arms and legs shimmered with a dewy glow from a scented cream that sent a jolt of electricity through his body . 
 biting down on his lower lip , he struggled for control . 
 sean tugged at his father 's hand . 
 `` do i have to go to school , daddy ? '' 
 `` yes , you do . '' 
 sean pushed out his lower lip . 
 `` but i do n't want to . '' 
 `` we 've talked about his , sean . '' 
 ryan 's voice held a thread of hardness . 
 `` no ! 
 i 'm not going . 
 i hate school ! '' 
 kelly stared at sean for several seconds . 
 it was apparent the child was as stubborn and opinionated as his father . 
 `` school 's not so bad , '' kelly said , trying to calm the little boy down . 
 `` how about coming by the schoolhouse after dinner to check it out ? '' 
 tears filled the boy 's eyes . 
 `` no ! '' 
 ryan opened his mouth to reprimand his son for being rude , but kelly shook her head . 
 threatening or bullying the child was not the solution . 
 she 'd discovered gentle persuasion usually worked well with young ones . 
 she met ryan 's gaze . 
 `` i 'm going to hold an open house for all of the children tomorrow morning at ten to show them their new school . '' 
 she stared at sean . 
 `` you are more than welcome to come . '' 
 she had n't planned to show the children their new classroom until monday morning , but she would make an exception if it meant winning sean over . 
 tightening his grip on kelly 's elbow , ryan led her and sean toward the entrance to the dining hall . 
 leaning closer , his moist breath sweeping over her ear , he whispered , `` thank you . '' 
 holding the door open , ryan permitted kelly and sean to precede him into a large , one-story brick building that had been referred to over the years as the dining hall . 
 the entryway was crowded with people , some he had known for most of his life . 
 the tantalizing aromas coming from the kitchen reminded him that he had come home . 
 he reached for sean 's hand while his free hand rested at the small of kelly 's back as if it were a gesture he 'd done many times before . 
 she stiffened slightly before relaxing her back beneath his splayed fingers . 
 closing her eyes briefly , kelly endured ryan 's touch and his closeness . 
 it reminded her of what she had missed . 
 there was never a time when she went out with simeon that he had n't silently announced she was his . 
 whether it was cradling her hand in the bend of his elbow , or circling her waist with an arm , he 'd communicated possession and protection . 
 she opened her eyes to find ryan staring at her , his expression impassive . 
 `` have you met everyone ? '' 
 kelly shook her head , thick dark strands moving fluidly with the slight motion . 
 `` i have n't had the time , '' she explained in a soft voice . 
 `` it took me a week to settle into my bungalow , and all of my free time has been spent readying the classroom for monday . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` why did n't you get someone to help you ? '' 
 `` i did . 
 your father made dennis available for me whenever i needed to move or lift something heavy . '' 
 kelly , sean and ryan walked into the central dining hall amid a rousing round of applause and whistles . 
 sheldon stood under a colorful hand painted banner reading : welcome to blackstone farms . 
 red and black helium-filled balloons - the colors of the farms ' silks - tied with contrasting ribbons served as centerpieces for each white cloth-covered table . 
 a dozen tables , each with seating for four , were filling up with employees who lived on the property . 
 sheldon motioned ryan closer . 
 `` you , sean and miss kelly will sit with me . '' 
 ryan pulled out a chair for kelly , seating her while sheldon performed the same motion for his grandson . 
 he ruffled the child 's curly black hair . 
 kelly removed the strap to the tiny black purse she 'd slung over her chest , placing the crocheted bag on her lap . 
 her gaze swept around the large room . 
 the exterior of the dining hall , as with most of the buildings on the farm , was deceiving . 
 simply constructed of brick or wood , the interior was extraordinary . 
 the dining hall 's furnishings rivaled those of any upscale restaurant in any major city . 
 dark paneled walls with decorative moldings , wide windows with stained-glass insets , plush carpeting , cloth-covered mahogany tables , tiffany-style table lamps , fine china , crystal stemware , sterling silver and softly played taped classical selections set the stage for exquisite meals prepared by a resident chef . 
 blackstone farms was a thriving , profitable working horse farm and sheldon had made certain it maintained a certain image given the numerous purses won by blackstone champion thoroughbreds over the years . 
 still on his feet , sheldon held a goblet filled with sparkling water . 
 raising a hand , he signaled for silence . 
 `` this is n't going to take long . '' 
 a ripple of laughter followed his announcement . 
 `` yeah , right , '' kevin manning , the head trainer called out . 
 sheldon put down his glass and crossed his arms over his chest , glaring at his lifelong friend . 
 `` you keep running off at the mouth and i 'll pull out my prepared speech . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 came a collected groan from everyone in the room . 
 kelly glanced at ryan when he threw back his head and laughed . 
 her gaze was fixed on his strong throat . 
 so , she thought , he can laugh . 
 the gesture changed his face , softening it . 
 sheldon inclined his head . 
 `` may i continue ? '' 
 `` please , '' kevin said , raising a hand in supplication . 
 `` tonight is very special not only to me , '' sheldon continued , `` but to everyone at blackstone farms . 
 i get to have my son and grandson back for what i hope is more than a few months , and i want all of us to welcome the newest member of our farm family , miss kelly andrews , the new teacher and director of blackstone farms day school . '' 
 all gazes were fixed on kelly . 
 she felt a wave of heat sweep up her chest and settle in her cheeks as everyone applauded . 
 she was grateful for her darker coloring otherwise they would have been able to see the blush burning her face . 
 she jumped noticeably when ryan placed a hand over hers . 
 `` you 're expected to say a few words , '' he whispered , his mouth pressed to her ear . 
 she jumped again , this time from the moist breath flowing into her ear . 
 rising , he pulled back her chair , assisting her as she stood up . 
 he stood beside her , his left hand resting against her spine . 
 composing herself , kelly flashed a smile , eliciting gasps of appreciation from several men seated at a nearby table . 
 `` i 'd like to thank sheldon and everyone for their kindness and assistance in helping me set up the school . '' 
 her beautifully modulated husky voice was hypnotic . 
 her gaze swept around the room and settled on sean . 
 `` i 'm hosting an open house at the schoolhouse tomorrow morning at ten for everyone , especially the children , to give you an idea of what i 've planned for the coming year . 
 school begins officially monday morning at eight o'clock , but for parents who want to drop their children off earlier , please let me know tomorrow . '' 
 she smiled again . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 ryan seated kelly , flashing a smile that signaled his approval . 
 listening to her speak , it was easy to tell she was n't a southerner . 
 it was also obvious that she was n't married , and in that instant he knew he wanted to know more about miss kelly andrews . 
 he knew he could go through her personnel file to glean her vital statistics , but it was the personal information he wanted . 
 did she have an ex-husband or a lover ? 
 his musings were interrupted when a young woman approached the table to take their orders . 
 kelly studied the printout of the dinner choices . 
 appetizers included curried corn-crab cakes , sesame shrimp with a miso dipping sauce , and skewered spiced pork and red pepper with a spicy mango sauce . 
 entrees included grilled steak , broiled salmon , and roast chicken along with an assortment of steamed and grilled vegetables . 
 leaning to her right , her breast brushed ryan 's shoulder and he turned and stared at her , the dark pupils in his eyes dilating . 
 their gazes caught and fused as their breathing found a common rhythm . 
 within a matter of seconds kelly registered the overt virility ryan exuded just by breathing . 
 his warmth , the clean masculine scent of his body , the sensual fragrance of his cologne , and the penetrating gray eyes that appeared to see everything , miss nothing . 
 `` what do you recommend ? '' 
 `` everything , '' he said in a soft voice as he continued to stare at her under lowered lids . 
 `` how 's the salmon ? '' 
 a slight frown marred his smooth forehead . 
 `` you 've never eaten cook 's salmon ? '' 
 salmon had become a regular friday night selection . 
 `` i 've never eaten dinner here . '' 
 his frown deepened . 
 `` where have you been eating ? '' 
 `` i cook for myself . '' 
 `` why would you cook for yourself when we have a resident chef ? '' 
 kelly heard the censure in his question . 
 `` i 've been working long hours , and by the time i leave the schoolhouse the dining hall is closed . '' 
 `` you can always put in a request to have your dinner delivered to you . '' 
 she lifted a shoulder . 
 `` no one ever told me i could do that . '' 
 `` well , i 'm telling you . '' 
 kelly studied his grim expression , willing he smile again . 
 raising her dimpled chin slightly , a smile trembled over her full lips , drawing one from him . 
 `` thank you for the information , ryan . '' 
 his name had become a whispered caress on her lips . 
 sheldon sat across the table from his son and kelly , watching a subtle game of seduction being played out in front of him . 
 he doubted whether ryan or kelly were aware of their entrancement with the other . 
 less than an hour ago he and ryan had had a short and pointed discussion about his decision to hire kelly andrews . 
 and it was the first time in years that he had used his status as majority owner in blackstone farms to counter ryan 's opinion . 
 ryan thought they should 've hired a teacher with more experience . 
 sheldon had ended the conversation , stating that ryan should find a woman to release his sexual frustration , and then walked out of the room leaving his firstborn with his mouth gaping . 
 it was never sheldon 's intent to become a matchmaker , and he knew ryan had never been involved with any woman who lived or worked at the farm . 
 but , watching kelly the past three weeks he suspected she would be able to handle herself when it came to his son just fine . 
 she had proven that once dennis poole had tried to come on to her when she 'd asked him to move several boxes that had been delivered to the schoolhouse . 
 dennis had confided to one of the grooms that kelly told him that if he ever tried to touch her again she would change his gender in a new york minute . 
 dennis was n't certain what she meant by the statement , but had decided it was n't worth the risk to find out . 
 sheldon gave his dinner selection to the waitress , thinking it would be nice to have another grandchild before he turned sixty . 
 ryan had made him a grandfather once already , but he looked forward to spoiling more than one of the next generation of blackstones . 
 kelly thoroughly enjoyed her dinner . 
 the salmon was exquisite . 
 the freshly caught fish , packed in ice the day before , had been flown from the northwest . 
 dinner conversation was light and entertaining as she listened to sheldon and ryan talk about horses while sean politely interrupted his father several times to ask a question . 
 kelly found the boy quiet and somewhat withdrawn , and she wondered how much contact he 'd had with his mother . 
 two hours after dinner began , people began drifting over to the table to introduce themselves to kelly and to welcome ryan and sean back home . 
 young children hid shyly behind their parents when kelly told them she expected to see them the following morning at the schoolhouse . 
 touching her napkin to the corners of her mouth , she pushed back her chair . 
 smiling at ryan and sheldon , she said , `` thank you , gentlemen , for your company . 
 dinner was wonderful . '' 
 both blackstone men came to their feet , ryan helping her to stand . 
 she smiled at sean , who would n't look at her . 
 `` i hope to see you tomorrow morning , sean . '' 
 frowning , he pushed out his lower lip . 
 sheldon winked at kelly . 
 `` i 'll take care of everything . '' 
 picking up her crocheted purse , she opened it , and took out her keys . 
 `` good evening . '' 
 ryan reached for her hand , tucking it into the curve of his elbow . 
 `` i 'll walk you to your car . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` that 's all right . 
 i believe i can find my way to the parking lot . '' 
 there was a hint of laughter in her voice . 
 `` i want to apologize to you . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 he leaned closer . 
 `` i 'll tell you later . '' 
 sean rounded the table and tugged at ryan 's arm . 
 `` daddy , can i stay with grandpa tonight ? '' 
 ryan glanced down at his son before looking at his father . 
 sheldon nodded . 
 `` of course . 
 you have to listen to grandpa or it will be a long time before you 'll be permitted to sleep over again . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 sean flashed a wide smile , showing a mouth filled with tiny white teeth . 
 `` yes , daddy . '' 
 turning , he launched himself against sheldon 's body . 
 ryan escorted kelly to the parking lot . 
 `` my father will bring sean to your open house tomorrow . '' 
 `` are you sure he 'll be able to get him to come ? '' 
 `` my father can get sean to do anything . 
 the child worships him because sheldon spoils him . '' 
 standing next to her car , kelly smiled at ryan in the waning daylight . 
 `` that 's what grandparents are suppose to do - spoil their grandchildren . '' 
 he nodded , extending his hand . 
 `` please give me your keys . '' 
 she tightened her grip . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i 'll drive you back to your place . '' 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , ryan . 
 i live less than a quarter of a mile from here . '' 
 reaching for her hand , he gently pried her fingers apart . 
 `` i know where you live . '' 
 `` but ryan - '' `` but nothing , '' he said softly , cutting her off . 
 `` how will you get back ? '' 
 `` i 'll walk . '' 
 opening the passenger-side door , he held it open for her . 
 his gaze lingered on the expanse of her bare legs and feet in the high heels as her skirt shifted upward when she sat down . 
 rounding the car , he slipped in behind the wheel , adjusted the seat , and put the key in the ignition in one , smooth motion . 
 the engine turned over and he backed out of the lot . 
 three minutes later he parked her compact sedan alongside kelly 's bungalow . 
 the sun had set , leaving the sky with feathery streaks of orange crisscrossing a backdrop of navy-blue . 
 pinpoints of light from millions of twinkling stars emerged in the encroaching darkness . 
 within minutes the landscape was completely black , except for an occasional light coming from windows in buildings spread out over the seventy-two hundred acres making up blackstone farms . 
 the farm was laid out in a quadrangle : the main house , dining hall , and school in one quad ; the barn , stables , paddocks and grazing area in the second ; the cottages for resident employees in the third , and the last quadrant left for future expansion . 
 the farm was secure and protected by closed-circuit cameras strategically placed throughout the property , and at no time could anyone arrive or leave undetected . 
 kelly waited for ryan to come around and assist her . 
 he opened the door and she placed her hand on his as he tightened his grip and pulled her gently to her feet . 
 he was standing close , too close , but she did not attempt to pull away . 
 holding out her hand , she said , `` my keys , please . '' 
 ignoring her request , he led her up the porch and to the door . 
 he unlocked it , pushed it open , and then dropped the keys in her palm . 
 the glow from a table lamp in the parlor spilled a ribbon of light out into the night . 
 `` thank you for seeing me to my door . '' 
 the sultry sound of kelly 's voice swept over ryan like an invisible caress . 
 `` thank you for a lovely evening . 
 sharing dinner with you helped make my homecoming even more special . '' 
 kelly stared at the highly polished toes on ryan 's low-heeled boots rather than look into his eyes . 
 `` good night . '' 
 reaching out , his right hand cupped her chin , forcing her to meet his gaze . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` for what ? '' 
 her voice had dropped to a whisper . 
 `` for using profanity , for being rude and for acting like a complete ass . '' 
 `` ryan ! '' 
 he flashed a wide grin . 
 `` i could 've said ass ... '' `` no , '' she screamed , covering her ears with her hands . 
 releasing her chin , he curved his arms around her waist . 
 `` do n't tell me you 're a prude , miss kelly . '' 
 she placed her hands over his chest . 
 `` i 'm not a prude . 
 it 's just that i 've heard enough profanity to last two lifetimes . 
 you ca n't imagine the words i 've heard from kids as young as five or six . 
 a lot of them ca n't string a sentence together using the correct verb , yet they can cuss you out using words that can make the most jaded adult cringe . '' 
 ryan lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` whenever i cursed as a kid my mother used to wash my mouth out with lye soap . 
 after awhile i learned never to curse in front of her . 
 she refused to accept my rationale that if pop said it , then it had to be all right . '' 
 `` i hope you do n't use those words around your son . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` never . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 she eased out of his loose embrace . 
 `` i have to go in now . '' 
 he did not want her to go in . 
 he wanted to sit out under the stars and talk - talk about ... `` good night , kelly . '' 
 she stared at him for several seconds . 
 `` good night , ryan . '' 
 kelly stood on the porch , watching ryan as he turned and walked away . 
 within minutes he disappeared and was swallowed up by the warm early summer night . 
 ryan walked back to his house , his mind filled with images of kelly . 
 during the evening meal he had watched her , admiring her natural beauty and the ease in which she seemed to accept her femininity . 
 she had sat upright , spine pressed against her chair , shoulders pulled back and her full breasts thrusting forward . 
 he had felt like a voyeur whenever he watched her breasts rising and falling in an even rhythm . 
 she had worn a lacy camisole under her blouse , and he had fantasized unbuttoning the blouse to run his fingertips over her skin . 
 although he had been divorced for three years he had not lived a monkish existence . 
 the day he signed his divorce papers he 'd driven to waynesboro , gone to a local bar and drank himself into oblivion . 
 he woke up hours later in a woman 's bedroom with a hangover that had him retching for hours . 
 it was the first and last time he had gotten drunk . 
 once he cleansed his mind and body of the alcohol , he 'd called his father to let him know he was still alive . 
 he spent the next day baring his soul to a stranger . 
 lisa - she would n't tell him her last name - was eight years his senior , but she had become his confidante and eventually his lover . 
 their on-and-off-again relationship ended abruptly last christmas when she called him to say him she had decided to remarry her ex-husband . 
 he wished her well , and mailed her a generous check as a wedding gift . 
 in light of his casual attitude toward women , he simply could n't understand the intensity of his initial attraction to kelly . 
 there was something so deeply alluring about her that he wanted to lie with her , damn the consequences . 
 he arrived at his house and opened the door . 
 the moment he walked inside he felt the emptiness . 
 whenever sean spent the night with sheldon or overnight with one of his little pals , the emptiness was magnified . 
 he thought he would get used to the loneliness , but it never seemed to dissipate completely . 
 it had begun several months after he 'd married caroline harding , a young woman he 'd met in college . 
 she had begun to withdraw from him the day she found out she was pregnant . 
 as her pregnancy progressed she confessed to feeling trapped , that she hated living on the farm , and pleaded with ryan to let her out of their marriage . 
 he 'd granted her wish , and she got into her car , drove away from blackstone farms two months after she had given birth to a baby boy - alone . 
 climbing the staircase to the second story , he walked into his bedroom and prepared to go to bed - alone . 
 even though kelly had been in bed for eight hours , she woke up fatigued . 
 she 'd spent the night dreaming and tossing restlessly . 
 she 'd dreamed of making love with simeon , but when she 'd opened her eyes it was n't her late husband 's face staring down at her but ryan blackstone 's . 
 she 'd jumped out of bed , shaking uncontrollably as guilt assailed her . 
 she 'd been unfaithful to her husband 's memory . 
 it had taken half an hour before she fell asleep again only to be awakened by the same dream . 
 this time she lay , savoring the pleasurable pulsing aftermath of her traitorous body . 
 within minutes she succumbed to a sated sleep and woke at sunrise . 
 leaving her bed , kelly padded to the bathroom . 
 peering into the face in the mirror over the sink , she searched for a sign of shame or guilt , but found none . 
 she had to face the realization that she was attracted to ryan because she was a normal woman with normal sexual urges . 
 at thirty she was much too young to permanently forego sexual gratification with a man . 
 that was what her sister pamela had tried to tell her . 
 i 'm certain if you 'd died instead of simeon he would n't stop seeing other women , pamela had said repeatedly . 
 so why have you set yourself up as the martyred widow ? 
 i do n't know , she had told pamela over and over . 
 and she had n't known - not until now . 
 what pamela and leo porter and even she had n't known at the time was that she had not met the right man . 
 but , was dr. ryan blackstone the right man ? 
 `` no , '' she said to her reflection . 
 she reached for a facial cloth in a small plastic container and wet it . 
 using a circular motion , she washed her face , then splashed cold water over her tingling skin before patting it dry with a fluffy towel . 
 she filled the tub with water , adding a capful of perfumed oil , and brushed her teeth and tried to dismiss the erotic musing about a certain veterinarian from her mind . 
 ryan raised his head to peer at the clock on the bedside table , groaning under his breath . 
 it was minutes before three , and he had n't had more than two hours of sleep since retiring for bed at ten-thirty . 
 he knew the reason for his insomnia was kelly andrews . 
 it was as if he still could see the play of sunlight on her warm brown skin , the contrast of her white blouse against her velvety throat , and the lush curves of her hips in the slim skirt . 
 what had surprised him was that she had n't worn any makeup other than a soft shade of orange-brown lipstick , and still she was stunning . 
 everything about her , from the way she 'd dressed , her poise and the way she spoke screamed big-city sophistication . 
 a wry smile curved his mouth , and ryan wondered how long would it take before she tired of smelling hay , horse urine and manure . 
 and when the weekends came would she be content to stay on the farm or would she head to the nearest big city for some real fun ? 
 throwing back the sheet , he sat up and left the bed , knowing he was n't going back to sleep . 
 twenty minutes later , dressed in a plaid cotton shirt , jeans and a pair of old boots , he walked to the stables . 
 sensors lit up the area where the prize horses were stabled for the night . 
 placing his right hand on a panel , he waited until a flashing red signal switched to a steady green before he punched in a code . 
 the lock to the stable was deactivated . 
 sliding back a door , ryan walked into the dimly lit space , and closed the door behind him . 
 he stopped at the stall of an exquisite foal , smiling at the potential triple crown winner . 
 the colt , shah jahan , was the product of blackstone farms ' winningest mare and a former preakness winner . 
 he had the bloodlines of a potential thoroughbred champion . 
 ryan lingered in the stable , checking on each horse , and when he walked out the workers were arriving with the rising sun . 
 the build-up of heat had begun to burn away the haze covering the valley as he had made his way to his house , a weighted fatigue settling over him . 
 his eyelids were drooping but he managed to shower before falling across his bed and into the comforting arms of morpheus . 
 he slept deeply , not waking until late afternoon - well after the blackstone farms day school 's open house ended . 
 kelly stood in the doorway to the brick structure , noting the curious expression on the face of a little girl . 
 she was expecting a total of five children , ranging in ages from three to five . 
 two were brothers - identical twins trent and travis smith . 
 one glance at the redheaded , freckled , green-eyed twins signaled trouble - double trouble . 
 sean blackstone , allison cunningham and heather whitfield had also come to the open house . 
 delicate heather had arrived first , her large brown eyes widening when she spied the area kelly had set up as the housekeeping corner , followed by the twins , then allison . 
 `` you may go look at it , '' she urged in a gentle voice . 
 heather raced over to the play stove , turning knobs and stirring a pot with a wooden spoon . 
 sheldon walked in with sean clinging to his hand as if he feared his grandfather would disappear if he did n't hold on to him . 
 `` good morning , sean . '' 
 he stared up at kelly , eyes wide . 
 `` miss kelly spoke to you , sean , '' sheldon admonished . 
 `` good morning , miss kelly , '' he mumbled under his breath . 
 `` come in and join the others . 
 we 're going to have juice and cookies . '' 
 sean gave sheldon a lingering look before he walked over to the other children gathering in the housekeeping corner . 
 kelly smiled . 
 `` please wait while i get the children settled . '' 
 three women sat on a sofa and two of the four club chairs covered in supple black leather , talking quietly . 
 a glass-topped black lacquered coffee table set on an area rug with a distinctive asian motif in black and red mirrored the farm 's silks . 
 solid brass floor lamps with pale linen shades completed the inviting sitting area . 
 kelly planned to use this area to meet with parents to discuss their children 's progress or her concerns . 
 sheldon sat down . 
 his penetrating gaze swept around the large space , cataloguing everything . 
 flowering plants lined empty bookcases under a wide window with southern exposure . 
 a colorful plush area rug with large letters of the alphabet covered the gleaming wood floor . 
 an entertainment center contained a wall-mounted , flat-screen television , vcr and dvd player . 
 oversized throw pillows were positioned on the floor in front of the screen . 
 the science corner held a tank of colorful tropical fish . 
 posters of farm animals , flowers , birds and fish graced another wall . 
 cubbies with hooks and the names of each child stood ready for sweaters , coats and boots with the change of seasons . 
 half a dozen portable cots were stacked against another wall . 
 he was amazed that it had taken kelly only a month to order the supplies and furnishings she needed to set up her classroom . 
 he watched her firmly , yet gently , steer the five children to a sink in a far corner . 
 they washed their hands and dried them on paper towels before racing to a round table with half a dozen chairs . 
 each one claimed a seat , waiting patiently as kelly filled plastic cups with apple juice and placed a large oatmeal raisin cookie on the plate at each setting . 
 `` after you finish your cookie and juice , you can watch a movie while i talk to your parents . 
 take your time , travis , '' she admonished softly when he stuffed a large piece into his mouth . 
 ten minutes later , cups and plates stacked on a tray for a return to the dining hall , the five children settled down on the large pillows to watch their movie . 
 kelly walked over to the sitting area , joining the parents . 
 smiling , she said , `` the blackstone farms day school will open officially monday morning , and i want to reassure you that your children will be exposed to a safe and positive environment while in my care ... it was noon when the parents pulled their reluctant children away from the blank television screen , promising them they would come back in two days . 
 `` are you going to be here on monday , miss kelly ? '' 
 sean asked . 
 she smiled at the expectant look on his face . 
 `` of course i am , sean . 
 i 'm going to be here for a very long time . '' 
 she knew a year was a long time to a four-year-old . 
 he smiled at her , his expression so much like his father 's , and then skipped away to catch up with sheldon . 
 once everyone left , kelly sat down on one of the club chairs , rested her feet on a corner of the coffee table , and closed her eyes . 
 the open house had gone well . 
 she waited half an hour , then began the task of unpacking and cataloguing books into a database of the personal computer sheldon had given her for the school 's use . 
 it was later , well after the dinner hour when she slipped behind the wheel of her car and drove back to her house . 
 kelly showered , changed into a pair of shorts and top , and then went into the kitchen to prepare her dinner , a small salad , which she devoured hungrily . 
 she had just dried and put away her dishes when the doorbell rang . 
 the sound startled her . 
 it was the first time anyone had rung her bell . 
 drying her hands on a terry-cloth towel , she made her way out of the kitchen , through the parlor and to the door . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she had lived too many years in new york city to open the door before identifying who was behind it . 
 `` ryan . '' 
 the sound of his voice made her heart skip a beat before it settled back to a normal rhythm . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 `` open the door , kelly , '' he said after a pregnant silence . 
 `` please . '' 
 her hand was steady as she unlocked the door , opened it and looked at ryan staring at her as if he had never seen her before . 
 it was only when she noticed the direction of his gaze that she realized her state of half-dress - a pair of too-tight , low-riding shorts and a revealing midriff top . 
 the narrow waistband on her black lace bikini panties and the outline of her nipples under the white top were ardently displayed for his viewing . 
 tilting her chin , she said , `` what do you want ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 the question was filled with fatigue . 
 ryan closed his eyes , but he still could see the soft curves of kelly 's body . 
 why was it whenever he met her one-on-one she was half-dressed ? 
 he opened his eyes , forcing himself to look at her face and not below her neck . 
 `` i missed you at dinner . 
 i just came by to check whether you 'd eaten . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i had a salad . '' 
 he lifted a raven eyebrow . 
 `` just a salad . '' 
 `` i was too tired to fix anything else . 
 i 've had a long day . '' 
 `` i thought i told you that you could order from the kitchen . '' 
 kelly gave him a smile . 
 `` i know you did , but - '' `` you 're working too hard , kelly . '' 
 `` i 'm not working too hard , ryan , '' she countered . 
 `` i had a deadline to meet , and i met it . '' 
 he smiled , tiny lines fanning out around his eyes . 
 `` congratulations . 
 do you want to celebrate ? '' 
 vertical lines appeared between her eyes . 
 `` celebrate ? '' 
 his smile vanished . 
 `` i 'm certain you 're familiar with the word . '' 
 `` celebrate how ? '' 
 he shrugged a shoulder . 
 `` go into town . '' 
 her gaze narrowed . 
 `` and do what ? '' 
 `` talk . 
 if you want we could share a drink . '' 
 kelly recalled her erotic dream earlier that morning and she fought the dynamic vitality ryan exuded . 
 she knew she was n't immune to him , but she had no intention of permitting herself to fall under his sensual spell . 
 she had come to this part of virginia to teach , not become involved with a student 's father or have an affair with her boss . 
 she offered him a conciliatory smile . 
 `` i 'm flattered that you asked , but i 'm afraid i have to decline . 
 first of all , i 'm tired . 
 it 's been a very exhausting week for me . '' 
 ryan noticed the puffiness under her eyes for the first time . 
 `` and the second reason is ? '' 
 her expression changed , hardening . 
 `` i 've made it a rule not to date my boss . '' 
 much to kelly 's surprise , he threw back his head and let out a great peal of laughter . 
 she frowned . 
 `` what 's so funny ? '' 
 he sobered enough to say , `` you . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 `` yes , you , kelly . 
 let me remind you that i 'm not your boss . 
 i did n't interview you , hire you or sign your contract . 
 and that translates into my not being able to fire you . 
 only my father can do that . '' 
 crossing his arms over his chest , he angled his head . 
 `` now , you 're going to have to come up with another reason for rejecting my offer . '' 
 bracing her hand on the door , she smiled . 
 `` that 's an easy one . '' 
 without warning she closed the door and locked it . 
 `` good night , ryan , '' she said loud enough for him to hear . 
 ryan stood motionless , staring at the door . 
 she 'd closed it in his face . 
 `` well , i 'll be damned , '' he whispered . 
 kelly had called his offer to take her out a date while he thought of it as a meeting . 
 sean had come home that afternoon bubbling with excitement when he 'd talked about his new school . 
 it had been the most spontaneity he had seen in the child in over a year . 
 he wanted to talk to kelly about his son , but was he using sean as an excuse to spend time with kelly ? 
 in any case , meeting at her place was out of the question . 
 the last thing he wanted was to generate gossip about the boss 's son coming on to the new schoolteacher . 
 as it was , there was enough gossip circulating around blackstone farms to fill a supermarket tabloid . 
 he chuckled in spite of his predicament . 
 in that instant he realized he liked kelly andrews . 
 he 'd found her poised and beautiful . 
 but he also knew she had a lot of fire under what she 'd projected as a dignified demeanor . 
 unknowingly she had issued a challenge when she closed the door in his face . 
 and ryan blackstone had never walked away from a challenge . 
 kelly had n't realized her hands were shaking until she picked up the telephone on the table beside her bed . 
 at that moment she wanted to curse . 
 she was pissed ! 
 and it was n't ryan she was angry at . 
 she had become what she detested most : discourteous and ill-mannered . 
 ryan had come to her , asking they go somewhere and talk . 
 she had n't even asked him what he had wanted to talk about before she slammed the door in his face . 
 was she losing it because of an erotic dream ? 
 dialing the area code for washington , d.c. , she waited for the connection . 
 she smiled upon hearing her sister 's cheery greeting . 
 `` hi , pam . '' 
 `` hey , kelly . 
 i hope you 're calling to tell me that you have a date tonight . '' 
 she ignored the reference to a date . 
 even if she had gone out with ryan she still would not have considered it a date . 
 `` i called to say hello to my big sister . '' 
 a groan came through the earpiece . 
 `` you called me last saturday to say hello . 
 what are you doing , kelly ? 
 you 've moved across the state and your social life has n't changed . 
 i think it would 've been better if you had stayed in new york where you at least had a circle of friends . '' 
 `` married friends , pamela . '' 
 `` i know that , kelly . 
 but there 's always the possibility that they could 've hooked you up with a single friend or relative . '' 
 `` i can always stop calling you - '' `` i 'm sorry , '' pamela said , interrupting her . 
 `` i just got off the phone with mama and daddy . 
 they 've begun an intense campaign to try to make me feel guilty because i finally came out and told them that leo and i decided not to have children . 
 i do n't know how much more of it i can take . '' 
 `` tell them that you do n't want to discuss it . '' 
 `` you try and tell camille kelly andrews not to say what 's on her mind . '' 
 kelly smiled . 
 pamela was right . 
 camille may have been outspoken and opinionated , but she was also fiercely supportive of her daughters . 
 `` if she mentions it to me the next time we talk i 'll be diplomatic when i tell her that you and leo have a right to determine your own lives . 
 that you 're still a family even if you decide not to have children . '' 
 `` thank you , kel , '' pamela said , using her pet name for her younger sister . 
 the two sisters talked for another ten minutes , pamela giving kelly an update on her new position as an assistant curator at the national gallery of art . 
 leo , her husband , had taken over as curator at the national museum of african art two years before . 
 the first star had made its appearance in the sky when she stripped off her clothes and pulled a sheet over her nude body . 
 this time when she went to sleep there were no erotic dreams to disturb her slumber . 
 ryan 's footfall was heavy as he made his up the porch steps to his father 's house and sat down on a rocker across from the older man . 
 sean sat on his grandfather 's lap , asleep . 
 `` that was quick . '' 
 `` it was quick because she would n't talk to me . '' 
 sheldon leaned forward . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 ryan repeated . 
 `` i do n't know why , pop . '' 
 `` what do you do to her ? '' 
 stretching long legs out in front of him , ryan crossed his feet at the ankles . 
 `` nothing . 
 i told her i wanted to talk to her and she closed the door in my face . '' 
 `` is that all ? '' 
 ryan threw up a hand . 
 `` is what all ? '' 
 `` why are you repeating everything i say ? '' 
 `` because i do n't believe you 're asking me these questions , '' ryan shot back . 
 recessed porch lights came on automatically in the waning light , flooding the space with beams of gold . 
 it provided enough illumination for sheldon to see a quivering muscle in ryan 's jaw . 
 `` how did you look at her ? '' 
 ryan struggled to contain his temper . 
 `` how does my looking at her have to do with anything ? '' 
 `` last night you looked at her as if she were dessert . '' 
 he held up a hand when ryan opened his mouth to refute his accusation . 
 `` you need to be gentle with her , son , '' sheldon continued . 
 there was a wistful quality to his voice . 
 ryan decided to ignore his father 's assessment of his reaction to kelly as he stared at sheldon , seeing what he unsuccessfully tried to conceal - pain . 
 the last time he had seen pain in his father 's eyes was the day sheldon had buried his wife and the mother of his two sons . 
 `` what happened to her , pop ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 there was a noticeable pause and emerging nocturnal sounds were magnified in the silence . 
 sheldon sighed audibly . 
 `` she lost her husband a couple of years ago in a hit-and-run accident . '' 
 ryan 's eyes widened . 
 he had no idea she was carrying that much emotional baggage . 
 `` how old is she ? '' 
 `` thirty . '' 
 a mysterious smile lifted the corners of ryan 's mouth when he recalled asking kelly how old she was . 
 he still thought she looked much younger than her age . 
 sheldon glanced down at the small child sleeping on his lap . 
 there were three generations of blackstone men sitting on the porch and not one woman . 
 `` have you thought about remarrying and giving sean a mother ? '' 
 `` no more than you have when it came to giving jeremy and me one . '' 
 sheldon shook his head , smiling . 
 `` touche , son . '' 
 `` you 've been widowed for twenty years , pop . 
 do n't you think it 's time to let go ? '' 
 `` i could say the same to you . '' 
 `` no , you ca n't . 
 mom died . 
 that 's very different from dissolving a marriage . '' 
 `` do you ever think of remarrying ? '' 
 ryan 's eyes darkened until they appeared near black . 
 `` yes and no . 
 yes , because i miss being part of an intact family unit , and no , because i have to think about sean . '' 
 `` are you really thinking of him , ryan ? 
 both of you need a woman in your lives . 
 how else will he learn to respect a woman if not from his father ? 
 `` i 'm thinking only of him , pop . '' 
 `` the boy needs a mother , ryan . '' 
 `` people said the same to you when mom died . '' 
 `` that 's true , '' sheldon agreed . 
 `` the difference was you and jeremy were fourteen and ten when julia passed away . 
 that 's very different from a little boy who has no memories of his mother . '' 
 ryan stared out into the night . 
 he was so still he could have been carved out of granite . 
 he knew his father was right , but knew he also was right . 
 from the day he was born sean had become the most important person in his life , and he made a pledge to never sacrifice the emotional well-being of his son for any woman . 
 ryan stood at the window in his second-story bedroom early monday morning , watching kelly as she made her way to the stables . 
 the last time he saw her had been saturday night at her house . 
 he had waited in the dining hall on sunday , hoping to catch a glimpse of her , but she did not put in an appearance . 
 his eyes narrowed as he watched her knock on the door . 
 it opened , and she disappeared behind it . 
 three grooms worked on a rotating basis once the stables were opened at sunrise to groom the eighteen horses before they were turned out to graze . 
 the trainer and his assistants exercised the thoroughbreds during the morning and early-afternoon hours . 
 what was she doing in the stable ? 
 who was she meeting ? 
 turning away from the window , ryan descended the staircase in a few long strides . 
 he had n't realized he was practically running until he felt his heart pumping rapidly in his chest . 
 taking a deep breath , he opened the stable door and walked inside . 
 an emotion he could only identify as relief swept over him when he saw kelly rubbing jahan 's nose . 
 she had n't come to meet a man , but to see the horses . 
 `` beautiful . '' 
 kelly jumped , turning to find ryan standing behind her . 
 it was the second time he had caught her off guard . 
 she had n't heard his approach over the sounds of a worker sweeping out a stall . 
 turning back to the horse , she nodded . 
 `` that he is . '' 
 ryan wanted to tell kelly that he was n't talking about jahan . 
 she looked scrumptious , casually dressed in a tank top and pair of jeans that showed every dip and curve of her tall , slender body . 
 he stared at her feet . 
 `` you should be wearing boots in here instead of running shoes . '' 
 `` i do n't have boots . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because i have n't had the time to go buy a pair . '' 
 she had spent sunday restocking her pantry and refrigerator and putting up several loads of wash . 
 he moved closer . 
 `` look at me , kelly . '' 
 she went completely still . 
 it had been only three days since she 'd met ryan for the first time , but the magnetism was definitely there . 
 something about him jolted her nervous system each time she met his gaze . 
 she wanted him even though she did not want to desire him , because in her head she was n't quite ready to let go of the memory of her late husband . 
 she had purposely avoided going to the dining hall , knowing ryan would be there , so she continued to prepare her own meals at home . 
 `` why , ryan ? '' 
 resting his hands on her bare shoulders , he turned her to face him . 
 `` because i want to look at you . '' 
 he dropped his hands . 
 her lashes fluttered before sweeping up to reveal what she so valiantly tried to conceal : her loneliness and a longing to be held and loved . 
 her gaze moved slowly over his face , lingering on his mouth . 
 he was n't wearing a hat , and his damp coal-black hair lay against his scalp in layered precision . 
 his coloring , hair and features were a blending of races so evident in people in this region of the country . 
 `` what do you see , ryan ? '' 
 his dark gray eyes widened as they dropped from her steady gaze to her shoulders and chest . 
 `` i see an incredibly beautiful woman who in a few hours has worked wonders with my son . '' 
 sean had spent saturday afternoon and all day sunday asking when he was going back to school so that he could see miss kelly . 
 kelly closed her eyes . 
 it was not about her , but sean . 
 `` he 's a charming child . '' 
 ryan wanted to tell his son 's teacher that she had charmed him , too . 
 he inclined his head . 
 she tried stepping around him but he blocked her path . 
 `` why did you follow me in here ? 
 what is it you want from me ? '' 
 `` i saw you from my bedroom window and i was curious as to why you 'd come here so early . 
 what is it i want from you ? '' 
 he lifted a broad shoulder under a stark white t-shirt at the same time he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know , kelly . 
 that 's something i have n't quite figured out . '' 
 rising on tiptoe , she thrust her face close to his , close enough for him to feel her breath feather over his mouth . 
 `` your homework assignment is to figure out what you want . '' 
 she pushed past him , heading for the door , but ryan was quicker . 
 he caught her arm , pulling her into an empty stall . 
 `` i want this , '' he whispered , seconds before his mouth covered hers in a hungry kiss that sucked the breath from her lungs . 
 his hands slipped up her arms , bringing her flush against him , and he deepened the kiss . 
 kelly put her arms around his neck to keep her balance , her soft curves melding with his lean length . 
 her mouth burned with the pressure of his mouth moving over hers . 
 the harsh , uneven rhythm of her breathing matched his ; she was lost , drowning in the passion and the moment . 
 it was only when she felt the probing of his searching tongue parting her lips that she pulled out of his embrace , gasping . 
 the smoldering flame she saw in his eyes startled her . 
 the lightning was out of the bottle . 
 crossing his arms over his chest , ryan angled his head . 
 `` i think that assignment deserves an a . 
 what do you think , miss kelly ? '' 
 she placed her hands on her hips , ignoring the tingling sensations tightening her nipples . 
 `` i think you 're disgustingly arrogant , dr. blackstone . '' 
 she 'd meant to insult him , but the breathlessness of the retort sounded like a compliment . 
 he smiled . 
 `` i 've been called worse . '' 
 this time as she turned to walk out of the stables , he did not try to stop her . 
 he followed , watching her straight back and the seductive sway of her hips . 
 `` you owe me an apology , miss kelly . '' 
 she stopped , not turning around . 
 `` for what , dr. blackstone ? '' 
 `` for closing your door in my face . '' 
 kelly pulled her lower lip between her teeth . 
 it was obvious she was attracted to ryan , and despite her verbal protests she wanted to see him . 
 `` share dinner with me tonight and i 'll apologize properly . '' 
 she glanced over her shoulder , seeing his shocked expression . 
 a satisfied grin curved her mouth as she continued walking in the direction of her house . 
 ryan knew he had shocked kelly when he 'd kissed her , but she had also surprised him when she 'd held on to his neck . 
 there was a banked fire under kelly andrews 's cool exterior . 
 all he had to do was wait for the right time to re-ignite it . 
 and something told him it would be good - not just for kelly but also for him . 
 kelly sat in the library corner with her students . 
 all had eaten breakfast , cleaned up their table and were eagerly awaiting the first activity for their first day of school . 
 sitting on a stool , she smiled at their expectant expressions . 
 `` does anyone know what a calendar is ? '' 
 five hands went up . 
 `` heather ? '' 
 `` it tells days . '' 
 kelly nodded . 
 `` very good , heather . 
 what else can a calendar tell us ? '' 
 she nodded to sean , who had n't lowered his hand . 
 `` it tells weeks and months . '' 
 `` we are going to use our calendar not only to tell us the date , but also for holidays , historic events , birthdays and special days , weeks and months . 
 today is may 23 - world turtle day . '' 
 `` i found a turtle , '' travis announced proudly . 
 `` yeah , but mama would n't let him keep it . 
 she said it belonged outside , '' trent countered before he stuck his tongue out at his twin . 
 reaching for a picture book , kelly opened it to an illustration of a turtle . 
 `` your mother is right . 
 animals need to live in what it is called their natural habitat . 
 the turtle is the only reptile that has a shell . '' 
 allison pointed to the picture . 
 `` his shell is his house . '' 
 sean raised his hand . 
 `` miss kelly , my daddy said a turtle can put his head , tail and legs inside his house when other animals want to eat him . '' 
 `` your dad 's correct . '' 
 kelly was certain sean knew more about animals than most children his age because ryan was a veterinarian . 
 she handed trent a green felt cutout of a turtle with a velcro backing . 
 `` please put this on today 's date under the heading of world turtle day . 
 can anyone tell what kind of weather we 're having today ? '' 
 `` sunny ! '' 
 they all had called out in unison . 
 kelly picked up another cutout of a yellow oval shape with points circling it . 
 `` heather , can you put up the sun ? '' 
 she jumped up . 
 `` yes , miss kelly . '' 
 the morning hours passed quickly wherein kelly showed the children how to hold paste scissors and cut animal shapes from a stencil . 
 they put on smocks , painted their animals , placing them on a table to dry . 
 lunch was delivered from the dining hall at exactly at noon , and an hour later three boys and two girls lay on cots in the darkened room , lying quietly until they all fell asleep . 
 the children were awakened at two-thirty and taken outside where they played an energetic game of tag and hide-and-seek . 
 they stopped long enough for an afternoon snack of juice and nuts with raisins ; they returned to the playground area , playing on the swings and teeter-totter . 
 their moods and interests changed quickly when they retrieved a jump rope from a large plastic bin . 
 allison 's mother came to pick her up , and kelly enlisted her aid in helping to turn the rope as the children jumped while reciting the letters of the alphabet . 
 none of them got past m before their feet got tangled in the rope 's length . 
 allison took the rope from kelly . 
 `` let me turn with mommy while you jump , miss kelly . '' 
 before kelly could refuse all of the kids were chanting , `` jump , miss kelly . 
 jump , jump , jump ! '' 
 she remembered her childhood days when she 'd jumped double dutch with her girlfriends during the summer months . 
 the life span for a pair of her sneakers was usually two weeks . 
 measuring the speed of the turning rope , kelly jumped in . 
 `` a , b , c , d. . . '' 
 the children recited the alphabet as she jumped up and down as if she were ten instead of thirty . 
 she heard sean call daddy and she faltered . 
 standing less than five feet away was ryan , grinning from ear to ear . 
 he , not sheldon , had come to pick up sean . 
 `` you win , miss kelly ! '' 
 heather shouted . 
 `` you got to s. '' `` my name starts with s , '' sean crowed proudly , pumping his little fist in the air . 
 he wrapped his arms around ryan 's waist . 
 `` we had lots of fun today , daddy . '' 
 ryan smiled at kelly . 
 `` i think miss kelly had lots of fun , too . '' 
 `` she did . 
 we all did . '' 
 `` yeah ! '' 
 chorused five young voices . 
 allison hugged kelly around her knees . 
 `` i will see you tomorrow , miss kelly . '' 
 she pulled one of the girl 's curly dark braids . 
 `` you bet i will . '' 
 allison left with her mother and kelly stared at ryan staring back at her . 
 something intense flared through his entrancement , sending waves of heat throughout her body . 
 his stormy gray eyes stoked a banked fire . 
 ryan reached for sean 's hand , his gaze fixed on kelly 's face . 
 a hint of a smile softened his strong mouth , and he was not disappointed when she returned it with a mysterious one of her own . 
 `` daddy ? '' 
 `` yes , sean . '' 
 `` do i have to go home now ? '' 
 ryan tore his gaze away from kelly to glance down at his son for the first time since arriving at the schoolhouse . 
 `` yes . 
 miss kelly is tired . 
 she has to go home and get some rest so she can be ready for school tomorrow . '' 
 `` ca n't she come home with us ? 
 she can rest in my room . '' 
 `` no , she ca n't . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because ... because ... '' `` because miss kelly lives in her own house , '' kelly said when ryan did not complete his statement . 
 `` why ca n't she live with us , daddy ? '' 
 `` let 's go , champ . 
 we have to wash up before dinner . '' 
 even though he had spoken to sean , he continued to stare at kelly . 
 `` i 'll see you later , '' he said in a quiet voice . 
 kelly nodded . 
 `` okay . '' 
 ryan smiled the sensual smile she had come to look for . 
 his smile was still in place when he led sean toward a pickup truck . 
 kelly turned her attention to the remaining children , her pulse quickening when she thought of her promise to meet with ryan later that night . 
 there was no doubt she was drawn to his sexual attractiveness , but was that enough ? 
 was it enough to lessen the pain of loving and losing a man she 'd loved all of her life ? 
 she had met simeon randall when both were assigned to the same first-grade class , and he had become her hero , protector . 
 as they grew older she discovered and experienced passion in his arms and bed . 
 a passion she did not know she had . 
 simeon had offered her all the emotional and physical gratification and fulfillment she needed . 
 and for the first time since she had come to blackstone farms she had to question whether she might be lucky enough to capture both again . 
 ryan had n't realized he had been figuratively holding his breath until kelly opened her door . 
 he knew he was staring at her like a star-struck adolescent , but he could n't help himself . 
 `` you look very nice , kelly . '' 
 kelly smiled , opening the door wider . 
 `` thank you , and please come in . '' 
 she knew she looked very different from the woman he 'd seen jumping rope earlier that afternoon . 
 her hair , brushed off her face , was swept up in a twist on her nape . 
 the sleek style was the perfect complement for a black cap-sleeved off-the-shoulder dress ending at her knees . 
 a pair of sling back animal print leather sandals covered her bare feet . 
 she admitted to herself that he also looked very nice . 
 a chocolate-brown jacket and matching slacks complemented a finely woven beige , banded-collar linen shirt . 
 his right hand concealed behind his back , ryan walked into kelly 's home . 
 the miniature tiffany-style lamp on a round table cast a warm glow on exquisite antique pieces from another era . 
 an apple-green armchair covered in a watered-silk fabric with a matching footstool was the perfect complement for a lavender-hued sofa dotted with light green sprigs . 
 classical music played softly from a stereo system hidden from view . 
 he followed her into the dining area , staring mutely at a table set for two . 
 the crystal , china and silver patterns were exquisite . 
 a multifaceted crystal vase held a bouquet of wispy sweet pea . 
 kelly moved closer to ryan , measuring his stunned expression . 
 `` what are you hiding behind your back ? '' 
 he blinked several times before handing her a decorative shopping bag . 
 `` this is for you . '' 
 kelly took the bag , peering inside . 
 she walked over to a countertop and removed two bottles of chilled red and white wine and a cellophane-wrapped plant . 
 nestled in a hand-painted pot was a delicate orchid plant . 
 `` it 's beautiful , ryan . '' 
 turning , she smiled at him . 
 `` thank you so much . '' 
 angling his head , he returned her smile . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 `` we 'll have the white wine because i 'm making chicken . '' 
 grasping his hand , she steered him toward the sofa . 
 `` please make yourself comfortable . 
 everything should be ready in about ten minutes . '' 
 he stopped suddenly , and she lost her balance and bumped into him . 
 they stood motionless , her chest pressed against his arm . 
 ryan stared down at her under lowered lids . 
 `` may i help you with anything ? '' 
 kelly wanted to tell him that he could help assuage the emptiness and loneliness that plagued her whenever she opened the door to the bungalow , or readied herself for bed . 
 everything that was ryan blackstone seeped into her at that moment : his height , the breadth of his shoulders , his penetrating eyes that saw everything , his haunting scent , his deep , drawling baritone voice and the virility that made him so confidently male . 
 `` no , thank you , '' she said instead . 
 he held her gaze . 
 `` are you sure , kelly ? '' 
 she felt as if she were being sucked into a sensual vortex from which there was no escape . 
 kelly knew at that instant she had made a mistake . 
 she never should 've invited ryan to dinner . 
 she wanted him ! 
 it was an awakening realization that left her insides pulsing like the sensations from her erotic dream . 
 and the harder she tried to ignore the truth the more it persisted . 
 she was a normal woman with normal sexual urges . 
 she had cut herself off from people for two years . 
 at blackstone farms she prepared her own meals instead of eating with the other employees in the dining hall . 
 how long , she had to ask herself , was she going to continue to mourn for what was ... what would never be again ? 
 it was apparent ryan was attracted to her - or why else would he have kissed her ? 
 and she could honestly admit to herself that she was very attracted to him . 
 why else would she have invited him to her home ? 
 `` open the wine , '' she said as she turned and made her way to the kitchen . 
 a half-smile curved ryan 's mouth as he slipped out of his jacket and laid it over the armchair . 
 kelly was n't as composed as she appeared . 
 he had counted the fast beats of her pulse in her delicate throat . 
 he had accepted her invitation because he wanted to spend time alone with her , not frighten her . 
 he had never been one to come on heavy with any woman . 
 if a woman rejected his advances then he retreated honorably . 
 the only exception was when he 'd kissed kelly in the stable . 
 he 'd told himself it was because she had challenged him , but he knew the instant his mouth had covered hers that it was what he 'd wanted to do the first time he saw her lush mouth . 
 ryan picked up a corkscrew off the countertop while kelly removed a roasting pan from the oven . 
 the mouthwatering aroma of baked chicken filled the kitchen . 
 `` no wonder you do n't eat in the dining hall , '' he said , his gaze fixed on a golden-brown chicken surrounded by little cubes of roast potatoes . 
 he removed the cork from the wine bottle with a minimum of effort , watching as kelly transferred the chicken to a platter , surrounding it with the potatoes and rosemary sprigs for a garnish . 
 he washed his hands in the stainless steel sink , and dried them on a terry-cloth towel . 
 `` i 'll put that on the table , '' he said , taking the platter from her grasp . 
 kelly emptied the juices from the chicken into a gravy boat , then removed a bowl of tossed greens , chopped celery , radishes and chives from the refrigerator . 
 reaching for a bottle of vinaigrette dressing she shook it over the salad . 
 ryan took the salad bowl and gravy boat , placing them on the table before he pulled back a chair and seated kelly . 
 he lingered over her head longer than was necessary , inhaling the fragrance of her perfume . 
 the scent claimed a subtle clean freshness bursting with a warm feminine sensuality . 
 his mother died after a long illness the year he 'd turned fourteen , and although he could recall a lot of things about julia blackstone , it was her perfume that he remembered most . 
 there was never a time when she had n't smelled wonderful . 
 she would say that just because she lived on a horse farm it did n't mean she had to smell like a horse . 
 his mother loved the farm while his ex-wife had hated it . 
 sitting down across from kelly he wondered whether she would be like julia or caroline . 
 kelly smiled at ryan . 
 `` will you please carve the chicken ? '' 
 picking up the carving knife and fork , he cut up the fowl with the skill he demonstrated in surgical procedures . 
 he served her , then himself before filling their glasses with the wine . 
 lifting his glass in a toast , he stared at the softness of his dining partner 's lush mouth . 
 `` i offer you a very special welcome to blackstone farms . '' 
 kelly lifted her glass , smiling at him over the rim . 
 `` and i accept your special welcome . '' 
 putting the glass to her lips , she took a sip . 
 it was excellent . 
 `` the wine is wonderful . '' 
 ryan nodded . 
 after a bit of cajoling , he had gotten cook to give him a bottle from his private stock . 
 `` now that i 've seen your home i see why you eat here instead of at the dining hall . '' 
 he 'd found her bungalow warm , inviting , and intimate . 
 `` i eat here because once i come home and shower i 'm usually too relaxed to get up and go out again . '' 
 `` are you tired now ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` not the exhausted kind of tired . '' 
 `` i know i would be if i spent all day with five energetic kids . '' 
 blushing , kelly speared a portion of her salad . 
 `` how was your day ? '' 
 `` uneventful . 
 and i can assure you that i did not have as much fun as you did . '' 
 after chewing and swallowing a portion of her salad , she said , `` uneventful as in boring ? '' 
 ryan stared at kelly , his expression impassive . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` do you find living on a horse farm boring ? '' 
 `` it certainly has n't been for me . 
 i found setting up the schoolhouse a challenge , but after meeting the children i 'd willingly do it all over again . '' 
 `` you like teaching ? '' 
 `` i love it . '' 
 `` how about the children ? '' 
 `` what about them ? '' 
 `` do you like children ? '' 
 vertical lines appeared between her dark eyes . 
 `` of course i like children . 
 i love them . '' 
 `` why is it you have n't had any of your own ? '' 
 `` i was waiting until i was thirty . '' 
 `` how old are you now ? '' 
 he asked , even though he knew . 
 `` thirty . '' 
 she and simeon had decided to wait until they 'd celebrated their fifth wedding anniversary before starting a family . 
 ryan 's hands stilled as his gaze fused with hers . 
 `` have you selected the man who will father your child ? '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 `` are you looking ? '' 
 `` i was n't . '' 
 `` and now ? '' 
 kelly took another sip of wine , choosing her words carefully . 
 `` now that i 've set up the school i 'll have more time for a social life . '' 
 `` you expect to find a baby 's daddy at blackstone farms ? '' 
 `` no , ryan , '' she countered in a quiet voice . 
 `` if a man fathers my child , whether it is someone here or elsewhere , he will not be my baby 's daddy but my husband . '' 
 he measured her with a cool appraising look , finding everything about her perfect . 
 `` are you looking for candidates ? '' 
 kelly laughed , the sound low , husky , and sensual . 
 `` why , ryan ? 
 are you applying ? '' 
 his gray eyes darkened at the same time he lifted a shoulder . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 she was shocked by the smoldering invitation in the gray pools . 
 there was no doubt he was as physically attracted to her as she was to him . 
 but it had to be more than sex . 
 that she could get from any man . 
 what kelly wanted was love and passion . 
 she concentrated on the food on the plate in front of her , feeling the heat from ryan 's gaze monitor her every motion . 
 `` well , kelly ? '' 
 her head came up . 
 `` well what , ryan ? '' 
 `` will you consider me as a candidate ? '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 she asked , answering his question with one of her own . 
 he placed his hands , palms down , on the lace tablecloth . 
 `` why ? 
 because i like you - '' `` but you do n't know me , '' she said , interrupting him . 
 `` and you do n't know me . 
 i only know what my father has told me about you . 
 i know you 're a widow and a teacher , while i 'm a divorced father of a four-year-old son who would n't know his mother if she sat down next to him . 
 `` i 've never brought a woman around sean because i know how much he wants a mother like the other kids . 
 i do n't want to give him false hopes that the woman his father is dating will become his new mother . '' 
 `` and you 're saying it would be different with us ? '' 
 ryan nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 i could court you without sean becoming confused about our relationship . '' 
 kelly held up a hand . 
 `` who said anything about a relationship ? '' 
 his eyes crinkled as he smiled . 
 `` there will never be a relationship if you wo n't let me court you . '' 
 `` why me and not some other woman , ryan ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` we may see each a few times , then decide it 's not going to work , '' she argued softly . 
 `` if that 's the case then we 'll remain friends . '' 
 kelly wanted to tell ryan that women did not have male friends who looked like him . 
 either he would be a lover or nothing . 
 what he was proposing sounded like a sterile business arrangement , but then was n't that was what marriage was ? 
 it was an agreement between two people to love each other forever . 
 but she and ryan did not love each other . 
 they hardly knew each other . 
 what she did have was a year in which to get to know him . 
 and if it did n't work then she would leave blackstone farms day school to teach somewhere else . 
 `` okay , ryan . 
 i 'm willing to try it . '' 
 pushing back his chair , he stood up and rounded the table . 
 curving a hand under kelly 's elbow , he pulled her gently to her feet . 
 his large hand spanned her waist as he pulled her close . 
 he studied her upturned face , seeing indecision in her brown eyes . 
 he had n't lied to her . 
 he did like her . 
 unknowingly she had shattered the barrier he had erected after caroline rejected the child they 'd created . 
 kelly had loved and lost like he had loved and lost . 
 the difference was her loss had been final . 
 `` i promise not to hurt you , kelly . '' 
 she placed her fingertips over his mouth , while shaking her head . 
 `` no promises , ryan . '' 
 `` no promises , '' he whispered , repeating her plea . 
 lowering his head , he brushed his mouth over hers , sealing their agreement . 
 kelly felt her breasts grow heavy against the hardness of his chest . 
 if she had been in her right mind she would 've questioned why she had just agreed to become involved with a man who was a stranger , a man on whose property she would live for the next year , and a man whose son was a student of hers . 
 all of her common sense dissipated like a puff of smoke as he staked his claim on her mouth and heart . 
 she snuggled closer , leaving an imprint of her body on his . 
 ryan 's hands moved from her waist to her hips , his splayed fingers pulling her against the solid bulge between his powerful thighs . 
 pleasure , pure and explosive shook kelly , leaving her trembling like a withered leaf in an icy blizzard when his tongue slipped between her lips . 
 her arms tightened around his neck , making him her willing prisoner . 
 returning his kiss with reckless abandon , she moaned softly when he left her mouth to leave a series of light kisses down the column of her neck and over her shoulders . 
 eyes closed , head thrown back , she moaned again . 
 the pulsing between her legs grew stronger and stronger , and she knew if she did not stop she would beg him to take her to her bed where she would play out her dream in the real world . 
 somewhere , somehow she found the strength to pull out of ryan 's embrace . 
 her breasts were rising and falling heavily , bringing his gaze to linger on her chest . 
 his head came up , and she bit down on her lower lip to keep from gasping aloud . 
 the passion radiating from ryan 's eyes caused her knees to weaken . 
 reaching for her chair , she managed to sit without collapsing to the floor . 
 he did not know her and she did not know him , yet the passion between them was strong and frightening . 
 ryan sat down and picked up his wineglass , emptying it with one swallow . 
 the cool liquid bathed his throat and body temporarily . 
 he looked down at the delicious meal kelly had prepared , unable to finish eating because she had lit a fire in him , a fire only she would be able to extinguish . 
 he wanted her in his bed , but he was willing to wait for her to come to him . 
 after all , they had time , a lot of time ... kelly lay on a cushioned wicker love seat on the porch , her head resting on ryan 's chest . 
 raising her right leg , she wiggled her toes . 
 she had left her sandals in the kitchen . 
 she and ryan had barely touched their dinner after the kiss . 
 he 'd helped her clear the table and wash and dry the dishes , and she 'd suggested they sit out on the porch where it was safer than remaining indoors . 
 `` what made you decide to become a veterinarian ? '' 
 ryan rested his chin on the top of her head . 
 `` i 've always loved horses and science , and becoming a vet was the logical choice . 
 also , i knew one day i would inherit the horse farm from my father , as it was with him and his father . '' 
 `` you 'll be the third generation blackstone to run the farm ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 and hopefully sean will become the fourth . '' 
 `` what about your brother ? '' 
 `` jeremy has no interest in horses . 
 pop refers to jeremy as his vagabond progeny . 
 my younger brother would lose his mind if he had to stay here more than a month . '' 
 `` how did the blackstones become horse breeders ? '' 
 `` my granddaddy was a white tobacco farmer who fell in love with a young black woman who had come to work for him as his cook . 
 they could n't marry or live openly as husband and wife because of virginia 's miscegenation laws . 
 but she did give him a son . 
 when james blackstone died he left everything to sheldon . 
 grandpa had grown tobacco for about twenty years , but after my grandmother died from lung cancer from a two-pack-a-day cigarette habit , he harvested his last tobacco crop and decided to raise horses . '' 
 `` did he breed them to race ? '' 
 `` no . 
 he raised working breeds like the welsh cob , horses known for their hardiness and strength . 
 he sold them to farmers and for riding . 
 my father brought his first thoroughbred several years after he 'd married my mother . 
 within ten years he was racing competitively . '' 
 what he did not tell kelly was that his mother was an only child of a wealthy charleston , south carolina black family , and that his parents had used her inheritance to establish the largest and most successful african-american-owned horse farm in the state of virginia . 
 `` i know nothing about horses or racing , '' kelly admitted . 
 `` in fact , i 've never been to a racetrack . '' 
 ryan 's forehead furrowed . 
 `` you 've never watched our trainers exercising the horses ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` if you do n't have anything planned for saturday , then i 'll have kevin manning show you how he trains horses for races . '' 
 `` do you go to the races ? '' 
 ryan hesitated . 
 during his short marriage , the only time caroline had deigned to grace him with her presence was at a horse race . 
 `` yes . '' 
 shifting slightly , kelly gazed up at him . 
 a shaft of sunlight hit his face , turning him into a statue of molten gold . 
 turning his head quickly , he glanced at her and she shuddered noticeably from the intensity of his stare . 
 the large gray eyes glowed with an inner fire that ignited a spark of longing that left her gasping . 
 ryan returned his gaze to the sprawling landscape in front of kelly 's bungalow . 
 the homes for resident employees were constructed far enough apart to allow absolute privacy . 
 the fingers of his right hand traced the outline of kelly 's ear . 
 `` if i 'd come back earlier i would 've taken you to the virginia gold cup . 
 it 's held the first saturday in may at great meadow near the plains . 
 the great meadow also hosts the international gold cup the third saturday in october . '' 
 `` is n't the kentucky derby run the first saturday in may ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i thought you knew nothing about horseracing ? '' 
 `` i do know the date for the kentucky derby , '' she said defensively . 
 `` how many winners has blackstone farms produced ? '' 
 kelly listened intently as ryan listed the races , the names of the horses and their jockeys who 'd worn the black and red silks of blackstone farms into the winner circle . 
 he explained domestic horses were bred in many different races and were grouped as ponies , heavy draft horses , lightweight draft and riding horses . 
 `` barbs and arabs , the two most popular riding horses , originated from north african stock . 
 thoroughbreds are descended from arabians . '' 
 she thought of the colt she went to see most mornings . 
 `` jahan is the most exquisite horse i 've ever seen . '' 
 `` we call him our black diamond . 
 everyone connected with the farm believes he 's going to become a champion . '' 
 `` what do you believe , ryan ? '' 
 he wanted to tell kelly that he liked her , liked her more than he dared admit . 
 he wanted to tell her that something about her kept him a little off center . 
 that he found himself thinking about her when he least expected . 
 that he thought about her when he retired for bed and when he woke up . 
 `` i believe if he stays healthy , he will stand in many a winner circle , '' he said instead . 
 `` have you ever ridden ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` remember , i 'm a city girl . '' 
 `` do you want to learn ? '' 
 `` yes , '' she said , refusing to think of the consequences if she fell off a horse . 
 `` do n't worry , we have a few thoroughbreds with irish draught and native pony blood . 
 they 're less high-strung and more suitable for a novice rider like you . '' 
 `` do the children ride ? '' 
 `` most of them sit a horse by the time they 're walking . 
 one of the boys who was born on the farm is now a jockey . '' 
 `` how old is he ? '' 
 `` nineteen . 
 staring up at him , she gave him a saucy grin . 
 `` by the way , how old are you ? '' 
 `` thirty-four . '' 
 `` i suppose you 're not too old to court me . '' 
 `` how old did you think i was ? '' 
 `` at least forty . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 `` well , you do have gray hair . '' 
 `` come on , kelly , cut me some slack . '' 
 `` that 's hard when my first impression of you was that of a doof ball . 
 `` doof ball , '' he murmured under his breath . 
 `` is that anything like a doofus ? '' 
 she nodded , clapping her hands . 
 `` bravo ! 
 you just scored another a. '' he glared down at her . 
 `` you 've got a real smart mouth . '' 
 grasping her shoulders , he shifted her to sit on his lap . 
 `` if you play , then you have to pay . 
 are you prepared to pay , kelly ? '' 
 she stared at him through her lashes . 
 `` that all depends on the game , ryan . '' 
 he lowered his head . 
 `` have you ever played for keeps ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then i 'm going to have to teach you , '' he whispered seconds before his mouth covered hers . 
 his kiss was slow , deliberate and methodical . 
 it was gentle and persuasive . 
 healing . 
 exploratory . 
 drugging . 
 desire sang in kelly 's veins as she parted her lips , sampling and tasting the texture of the tongue exploring her mouth . 
 his left hand moved up between her thighs , burning her bared flesh as her breathing deepened . 
 as quickly as it had begun it ended when he pulled back . 
 and what she saw would be imprinted on her brain until she ceased breathing . 
 the color in ryan 's eyes shimmered like a newly minted silver dollar . 
 his eyes changed color with his moods , and instead of darkening with desire , his eyes turned into pools of liquid lightning . 
 kelly tried to slow the runaway beating of her heart . 
 `` i think you 'd better go now before we do something we may regret later . '' 
 her husky voice had lowered an octave . 
 ryan slowly shook his head . 
 `` no , kelly . 
 i never do things i later regret . '' 
 her senses were reeling as if her nervous system had been short-circuited by a powerful jolt of electricity . 
 she had n't known ryan a week , yet he had lit a fire of desire she thought long dead . 
 sitting upright , she pushed off his lap and stood up . 
 hands on her hips , she watched him stand . 
 his body language was measured , precise . 
 it was as if ryan was in control of his life and everything in it . 
 rising on tiptoe , she kissed his cheek . 
 `` i forgot something . '' 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 `` i forgot to apologize for closing the door in your face . '' 
 he lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` there 's no need to apologize . '' 
 `` but you told me you expected an apology . '' 
 `` that was before you agreed to date me . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` good night , ryan . '' 
 bending over , he pressed a kiss under her ear . 
 `` good night , princess . '' 
 he walked off the porch to where he had parked his car . 
 he knew he had to slow down , not frighten kelly . 
 after all , they had a year to get to know each other . 
 i 'm crazy . 
 i 've lost my mind , kelly told herself over and over on the short drive to the schoolhouse . 
 she had spent a restless night replaying her conversation with ryan the night before . 
 she had also thought of herself as sensible and practical . 
 when all of the girls she had grown up with were experimenting with alcohol , drugs and sex , it was kelly andrews who did not succumb to peer pressure . 
 why had she permitted ryan to talk her into a situation in which she was not certain of the outcome ? 
 she might be frustrated - after all , she was undergoing a sexual drought - but that did not mean she should contemplate sleeping with her boss 's son . 
 kelly was certain she was certifiably c-r-a-z-y ! 
 she parked her car and walked toward the entrance to the schoolhouse . 
 her step slowed when she saw a man at the door , waiting for her . 
 her car was the only one in the lot , which meant he had walked . 
 she recognized his face , but not his name . 
 smiling , kelly said , `` good morning . '' 
 snatching a battered straw hat from his head , he held it to his chest . 
 `` good morning , miss kelly . '' 
 he extended a hand . 
 `` i do n't know if you remember me . 
 mark charlesworth , ma'am . '' 
 she shook his hand . 
 although his clothes , his hands and clothes were clean , he smelled of the stables . 
 `` what can i do for you , mark ? '' 
 he lowered his head , and a profusion of dreadlocks swept over his broad shoulders . 
 `` can we talk , miss kelly ? 
 inside ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 she unlocked the door and pushed it open . 
 a blast of hot air assaulted her as soon as she walked in . 
 she had neglected to adjust the thermostat . 
 moving quickly , she pressed several buttons on a wall . 
 within seconds , the fan for the cooling system was activated . 
 `` we can sit over there . '' 
 kelly gestured to the sitting area . 
 mark followed kelly , waiting until she sat down before he took a chair opposite her . 
 rolling the brim of his battered hat between long , brown fingers , he stared down at the floor . 
 kelly waited for him to speak . 
 the seconds ticked by . 
 `` yes , mark ? '' 
 his head came up and he stared at her with large , soulful dark eyes . 
 `` i need your help , miss kelly . '' 
 leaning forward on her chair , she nodded . 
 `` how can i help you ? '' 
 `` i want to go to college , but i do n't know if i can pass the test the college says i need to get in . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` you want me to tutor you ? '' 
 he smiled for the first time , showing a mouth filled with large white teeth . 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 `` how old are you , mark ? '' 
 `` twenty-two . '' 
 `` do you have a high school diploma ? '' 
 `` yes , ma'am . 
 i dropped out at sixteen , but i went back and finished up last year . 
 my dad said if i passed the test to get into a college he would pay for me to go . '' 
 `` what do you want to be ? '' 
 he dropped his head again . 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 i know i do n't want to muck out stables for the rest of my life . '' 
 `` good for you . '' 
 kelly paused . 
 `` i 'll help you . '' 
 mark leaned forward and grasped her hands . 
 `` thank you , miss kelly . '' 
 she winced as he increased the pressure on her fingers . 
 `` you can let go of my hand now . '' 
 he released her hand , mumbling an apology . 
 `` if i 'm going to tutor you , then it will have to be in the evenings . '' 
 he bobbed his head . 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 `` do you have any sat practice books ? '' 
 `` no , ma'am , '' he said quickly . 
 `` if you want i can pick up some . '' 
 `` no , mark . 
 i 'll buy them . 
 i have an account with a company in richmond that specializes in educational materials and equipment . 
 i 'll call and have the books sent to me at the school . '' 
 `` but i 'll still pay for it . '' 
 shaking her head , kelly said in a quiet voice , `` save your money , mark . 
 i 'm certain blackstone farms will not be forced to file for bankruptcy because i charged a few review manuals to their account . 
 as soon as they arrive i 'll get in touch with you so we can arrange a schedule that will be conducive to both of us . 
 do you live here on the farm ? '' 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 kelly stood up , mark rising with her . 
 `` i 'll meet you in the dining hall , and we 'll talk . '' 
 he closed his eyes , inhaled , and then let out his breath slowly . 
 when he opened his eyes they were glistening with moisture . 
 `` i 'd like to ask another favor , miss kelly . '' 
 she arched an eyebrow . 
 `` ask . '' 
 he managed a sheepish grin . 
 `` i do n't want anyone to know you 're tutoring me . '' 
 nodding , kelly said , `` it will remain our secret . '' 
 `` thank you , miss kelly . '' 
 `` thank me after you get an acceptance letter from a college . '' 
 `` thank you , '' he repeated before he turned on his heels and walked quickly out of the building . 
 kelly felt a warm glow flow through her . 
 she had come to blackstone farms to teach the pre-school children of its employees , but there was nothing in her contract that precluded her extending her teaching skills to the farm 's employees . 
 all of the children arrived by eight o'clock . 
 they babbled excitedly about going swimming . 
 kelly had promised them the day before that if the morning temperature rose above seventy degrees , they could go swimming before lunch . 
 sheldon motioned to kelly . 
 `` i 'll be bringing sean for the next few days . 
 ryan had to take a mare to richmond late last night for surgery . '' 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` he had to repair a bone spavin . '' 
 sheldon noted kelly 's puzzled expression , reminding himself she had n't lived on the horse farm long enough to become familiar with equine terminology . 
 `` that 's when there is an indefinite hind-lameness that shortens a horse 's stride . '' 
 `` will she be all right ? '' 
 `` ryan says her chances of recovery are at least ninety percent . '' 
 `` ryan told me that all of the children ride . '' 
 sheldon nodded . 
 `` but do they know exactly what everyone who works at the farm does ? '' 
 sheldon 's silver-colored eyes narrowed as he angled his head . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 kelly lifted her dimpled chin and smiled up at sheldon , unaware of how attractive she was . 
 `` i 'd like to set up a field trip . 
 i 'd like to take the children on a tour of the property to see firsthand what makes up a working horse farm . 
 i want them to talk to the grooms , trainers , the people who put up and repair fences , cut the grass , muck out the stables and bale hay . 
 i 'd even like to give them a tour of the kitchen . 
 it will help them to appreciate where they live and the importance of their parents ' jobs . '' 
 sheldon flashed one of his rare smiles . 
 `` let me know when you want to do it , and i 'll set it up . '' 
 `` how about next week ? '' 
 `` monday is a holiday , so that 's out . 
 by the way , we always have big outdoor doings to celebrate memorial day , fourth of july and labor day . '' 
 kelly mentally filed this information . 
 `` what if we do it over four days ? 
 an hour for each presentation should be enough . 
 any more time than that will challenge their attention span , especially since they know everyone . '' 
 `` you 're right about that . 
 kids growing up on a farm tend to know a lot more than city kids when it comes to things like birth and reproduction , but we have strict rules about keeping kids away from the mares in heat . 
 seeing a stallion mount a mare can be an awesome sight for a child , especially if they believes he 's hurting her . '' 
 waves of heat warmed kelly 's cheeks . 
 she 'd seen dogs and cats mate , but not horses . 
 `` thanks for your cooperation . '' 
 `` do n't mention it , '' sheldon said as he left . 
 one of the kitchen personnel walked in with breakfast , and the children raced over to the sink to wash their hands as kelly smiled at her charges . 
 they were so eager to learn and to please . 
 she had bonded quickly with them , refusing to think of the time when she would be forced to let them go . 
 the wall telephone rang , and she rushed over to answer it . 
 `` blackstone day school , miss kelly speaking . '' 
 `` good morning , miss kelly . '' 
 her heart leapt , turning over when she heard the deep , drawling voice . 
 `` hi , ryan . '' 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 `` good . '' 
 she wanted to tell him she was very good now that she 'd heard his voice . 
 `` sheldon told me about the mare . '' 
 `` peachy keen is still in recovery , but i expect her to come through okay . 
 she stopped racing several years ago , so we 've used her exclusively for breeding purposes . 
 thankfully she has already foaled two colts , both of which could be potential winners . '' 
 kelly smiled . 
 `` that 's good for blackstone farms . '' 
 `` you 've got that right . 
 i 'll probably be here until the end of the week . 
 i want to wait to bring her back . '' 
 there was a noticeable pause . 
 `` if you 're not busy on friday , i 'd like to take you out for dinner . '' 
 kelly wrinkled her nose . 
 ryan was asking her out . 
 finally her sister could stop haranguing her about not dating . 
 `` i have to check my calendar , but i believe i should be able to put aside a few hours for you friday evening , dr. blackstone . '' 
 his sensual laugh came through the wire . 
 `` still with the quick tongue ? 
 i believe i have the perfect remedy to take care of your tongue . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 she teased . 
 `` yes , really , kelly . '' 
 `` hang up , ryan . '' 
 `` you first . '' 
 `` bye . '' 
 depressing the hook , she ended the call . 
 a dreamy smile settled into her features , one that lingered throughout the day . 
 sean sat on the padded bench at the foot of his father 's bed , watching ryan loop the length of a dark brown tie into a knot under the collar of a white shirt . 
 `` do i have to sleep at grandpa 's tonight ? '' 
 ryan caught his son 's reflection in the mirror over a triple dresser . 
 he tightened the tie , then turned to stare at sean . 
 `` yes , sean . '' 
 the young boy stuck out his lower lip . 
 `` but , daddy , '' he wailed . 
 `` no whining , sean . 
 what is it you want ? '' 
 `` i want to sleep over with travis and trent . 
 they are having a spider-man party tonight . '' 
 `` they may be having a party , but were you invited ? '' 
 `` yes , daddy . 
 they invited everybody from school . 
 even miss kelly . '' 
 ryan studied his son 's deeply tanned face and smiled . 
 sean had talked nonstop about what he did with miss kelly and the other kids at school during the time ryan was in richmond . 
 he said he could read a lot of words , could count up to one hundred and match shapes and colors . 
 `` go get your sleeping bag while i call miss millie . '' 
 sean jumped off the bench and raced out of the bedroom . 
 ryan picked up the telephone and dialed the number to the twins ' house . 
 millicent smith answered the call after the first ring . 
 `` hi , millie . 
 this is ryan . 
 i 'm calling about the spider-man sleep over at your place tonight . '' 
 `` doc , i really need to have my head examined for agreeing to this , '' millie drawled . 
 he smiled . 
 `` so , it 's on ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 drop sean off at the dining hall and we 'll bring him back with us . '' 
 `` what time do you want me to pick him up in the morning ? '' 
 `` do n't bother to pick him up . 
 the kids do n't have school tomorrow , and if the hot weather holds we 'll probably hang out at the pool most of the day . '' 
 `` you know if he gets to be too much for you just bring him back to sheldon . '' 
 `` dr. blackstone , you have the most well-behaved child on the farm . 
 if my boys were half as good as sean i 'd consider myself blessed . '' 
 ryan wanted to tell millie that she was blessed . 
 she had two bright , healthy sons . 
 a parent could n't ask for more than that . 
 `` they 're boys , millie . '' 
 `` that 's what jim says . 
 thanks for letting sean come . '' 
 `` no problem , millie . '' 
 `` bye , doc . '' 
 ryan rang off , then picked up the jacket to his suit , slipping his arms into the sleeves . 
 he walked out of his bedroom and into sean 's across the hall . 
 the boy was busy putting out changes of clothes on his bed . 
 he watched as sean took out socks , briefs , t-shirts and shorts . 
 sean glanced up at his father . 
 `` is that enough ? '' 
 nodding , ryan smiled . 
 `` yes . '' 
 sean picked up a backpack and put the clothes inside . 
 after zipping the colorful bag , he hoisted it over one shoulder , then picked up a small duffel bag containing his sleeping bag . 
 `` are you ready , champ ? '' 
 the little boy puffed out his narrow chest . 
 `` yes , daddy . '' 
 ryan had taught sean independence early . 
 he had learned to select the clothes he would wear for the next day , laying them out the night before . 
 he had to keep his room clean by picking up his toys and books . 
 he knew he had to brush his teeth twice a day , wash his hands before and after meals , and say his prayers before he went to sleep . 
 ryan cupped the back of his son 's head , leading him down the staircase and out of the house . 
 `` i 'm going to drop you off at grandpa 's . '' 
 sean looked up at ryan . 
 `` you 're not going to eat with us ? '' 
 `` no , sean . 
 i 'm going out to eat . '' 
 `` who you eating with , daddy ? '' 
 `` miss kelly . '' 
 he 'd never lied to his son , and he did not want to begin now . 
 `` she 's pretty , daddy . 
 she 's pretty like a princess . '' 
 `` you 're right about that , son . '' 
 `` you like her , daddy ? '' 
 `` yes , sean , i like her . '' 
 `` i like her , too . 
 is n't it good we both like her ? '' 
 `` yes it is . '' 
 ryan wanted to tell sean that what he felt for kelly went beyond a simple liking . 
 what he wanted was to see her - every day . 
 he wanted to hold her close and feel her feminine heat , inhale her feminine fragrance . 
 he wanted that and so much more . 
 he led sean up the steps of the porch to the house where he 'd grown up . 
 the inner door stood open , as it did every day until sheldon closed it to retire for the night . 
 he held the screen door open for sean . 
 `` grandpa ! '' 
 sean 's strident voice echoed in the large living room . 
 sheldon came from the direction of his study . 
 it once had been called the family room . 
 a network of lines fanned out around his eyes . 
 he saw sean 's backpack and sleeping bag . 
 `` where are you going tonight ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to eat with you , then i 'm sleeping over with travis and trent . 
 we are going to have a spider-man party . '' 
 sheldon 's head came up and he stared at ryan , who nodded . 
 `` good for you . '' 
 sean turned and stared at his father . 
 `` but daddy 's eating with miss kelly . '' 
 sheldon angled his head , grinning . 
 `` boo-yaw ! '' 
 `` boo-yaw to you , too , '' ryan mumbled , while trying not to laugh . 
 `` i 'll see you guys tomorrow . '' 
 `` have fun , '' sheldon called out . 
 `` yeah , daddy . 
 have fun with miss kelly . '' 
 ryan walked out his father 's house head high , and his step lighter than it had been in years . 
 and it had been years since he really looked forward to sharing time with a woman , especially one as sexy as kelly andrews . 
 the week had passed quickly for kelly and her students . 
 they 'd frolicked and splashed in the in-ground kiddie pool before they were served a picnic lunch under a large tent . 
 everyone napped , then swam again . 
 when the parents came to pick up their sons and daughters later that afternoon all remarked how tanned and healthy they looked . 
 on thursday heather brought a kitten to school to show off her new pet . 
 miss buttons had caused a stir when she jumped on the table to press her tiny nose against the fish tank . 
 kelly had to issue her first mandate : no pets in school . 
 it was now late friday afternoon and she lay in the bathtub , eyes closed , and her hair wrapped in a silk scarf . 
 a soft sponge pillow cradled her head . 
 she had just completed her first full week teaching , and had almost forgotten how much energy it took to keep up with preschoolers . 
 the only time they were still and quiet was at naptime . 
 the doorbell rang and she jumped , opening her eyes . 
 `` he ca n't be here ! '' 
 she gasped . 
 ryan had called her earlier that afternoon to inform her he would come by to pick her up at six . 
 rising quickly , she stepped out of the tub , splashing water onto the tiled floor . 
 she reached for a bath sheet , wrapped it around her wet body , and walked out of the bathroom . 
 she had n't taken half a dozen steps when she saw him . 
 kelly sucked in her breath . 
 ryan stood in the middle of her parlor , dressed in an ecru-colored suit that made him look like a gq cover model . 
 his black hair was neatly brushed off his forehead and his deeply tanned gold-brown skin radiated good health . 
 but it was his eyes - a smoky-gray that pulled her in and refused to let her go . 
 `` did you know that you left your door open ? '' 
 her eyelids fluttered as she shook her head . 
 she could n't remember whether she had closed or locked the door . 
 `` i must be slipping . 
 that never would 've happened back in new york . 
 by the way , what are you doing here so early ? '' 
 her voice had dropped to a whisper . 
 `` i told you i 'd be here at six . '' 
 `` but ... but it 's not six . '' 
 extending his left arm , the face on his timepiece showed beneath the starched cuff of his stark-white shirt . 
 the hands indicated that it was exactly six o'clock . 
 clutching the towel over her breasts , kelly wrinkled her nose . 
 `` i 'm sorry , ryan . 
 i must have lost track of time . '' 
 she backpedaled , unable to believe she had fallen asleep in the bathtub . 
 `` please excuse me while i put some clothes on . '' 
 a mysterious smiled curved ryan 's mouth . 
 `` please ... do n't , '' he said in a quiet voice . 
 `` i happen to like what you 're wearing . '' 
 kelly stared at him . 
 `` i 'm not wearing anything . '' 
 his eyes widened until she saw their sooty centers . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 her heart pounded an erratic rhythm as she turned on her heel and rushed into her bedroom , slamming the door behind her . 
 the clothes she had selected to wear lay across the bed . 
 trying not to think of the man waiting in her parlor , she patted her body dry , moisturized her skin with a perfumed cream , dotted a matching scent at her pulse points , then slipped into her underwear and dress . 
 it took another fifteen minutes to apply a powdered bronzer to the face , feather her eyebrows , apply a coat of mascara to her lashes and outline her mouth with a shimmering red lipstick . 
 she removed the scarf and pins holding her hairdo . 
 lowering her head , she brushed her hair forward off the nape of her neck and flipped it back until it settled into layered precision around her face and neck . 
 taking one last glance at her reflection in the mirror on the door inside the armoire , she slipped into her heels and picked up her evening purse . 
 she walked into the parlor to find ryan standing where she had left him . 
 it had taken only three days away from kelly - only seventy-two hours for ryan to realize how much he 'd missed her . 
 he knew nothing about her other than what he saw , but that was enough for him want her with an emotion that bordered on craving . 
 there was so much he wanted to share with her , yet he knew it was too soon in their relationship to make his desires known . 
 he was n't a boy , had n't been one in twenty years , yet his need to share her bed exceeded any he had ever known in his life . 
 he watched her move closer , unable to take his gaze off her face and slender body that was showcased in a slim black tank dress . 
 he measured each step she took in a pair of black , three-inch , sling strap sandals . 
 moving closer , he placed his hand on her bared back . 
 peering over her shoulder he went suddenly still . 
 he was n't certain whether the back of the dress - what there was of it , began or ended just inches below the small of her back . 
 he grimaced at the same time he gritted his teeth . 
 `` are n't you going to need a shawl or something for your shoulders ? '' 
 a smile trembled over her lips . 
 `` nope . 
 `` it might get cold . '' 
 she cut her eyes at him . 
 `` the temperature hit ninety today . '' 
 curving an arm through his , she smiled sweetly at him . 
 `` i 'm sorry i made us late . 
 let 's go . '' 
 `` if any man looks sideways at you he 's going to get a serious beat-down , '' ryan mumbled under his breath . 
 kelly frowned at him . 
 `` what did you say about a beat-down ? '' 
 `` nothing , '' he mumbled again , leading her to the door . 
 taking her keys from her hand , he closed and locked the door . 
 he slipped the keys into the pocket of his trousers . 
 ryan caught a glimpse of kelly 's bared back , admiring the silkiness of her dark brown skin . 
 a lighter band of color showed beneath the narrow straps on her velvety shoulders . 
 he smiled . 
 it was obvious she had gone swimming with her students . 
 he opened the door to a low-slung two-seater black convertible sports car , waiting until kelly was seated and belted in before he removed his jacket and placed it on the narrow space behind the seats . 
 he sat down , put the key in the ignition , and the engine purred to life . 
 pressing a button he raised the top , adjusted the flow of cooling air coming through the vents , and pulled away from kelly 's home with a burst of speed . 
 resting her head against the leather headrest , kelly closed her eyes , enjoying the surge of power propelling the car forward . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 `` to an inn in west virginia . '' 
 she opened her eyes and stared at ryan 's profile . 
 `` west virginia ? '' 
 `` it 's not that far . 
 it 's a quaint little place in the mountains . '' 
 `` mountains as in appalachian ? '' 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 those were the last two words they exchanged until more than an hour later ryan maneuvered into a parking lot of a hotel and restaurant that had been built into the side of a mountain . 
 a valet opened the driver side door for ryan , handing him a ticket while ryan reached for his jacket , putting it on as he came around to assist kelly . 
 his right arm curved around her waist and he led her to the entrance of the restaurant . 
 kelly felt as if she had stepped back into the nineteenth century when she surveyed the victorian furnishings . 
 the maitred ' directed them to a table in a corner where a quartet of large painted urns provided a modicum of privacy . 
 ryan ignored the menu and wine listing on the table ; he stared at kelly 's face in the golden glow of flickering candlelight . 
 the nostrils of his aquiline nose flared slightly . 
 `` did i tell you how beautiful you look tonight ? '' 
 her lids lowered , the demure gesture enchanting him . 
 `` no . '' 
 she glanced up , meeting his heated gaze . 
 `` but you could 've told me that back at the house . '' 
 `` no , i could n't , kelly . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because i do n't think we would 've left the house . '' 
 unconsciously her brow furrowed . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` i would 've asked if you would let me make love to you . '' 
 she gasped softly . 
 `` is that what you want to do , ryan ? 
 make love to me ? '' 
 reaching across the table , he captured her hands . 
 `` yes . '' 
 kelly felt her stomach muscles contract . 
 there was so much passion in the single word that she found it hard to swallow . 
 her breasts rose and fell heavily , bringing his gaze to linger there . 
 could she tell him ? 
 did she dare reveal what lay in her heart ? 
 that she also wanted him . 
 had wanted him the first time he 'd held her in his arms after she had fallen off the stepladder . 
 `` i do , too , '' she admitted in a voice so soft ryan found it difficult to believe what he was hearing . 
 `` however , there is a part of me that says becoming physically involved with you will change me , change everything . '' 
 he tightened his grip on her fingers . 
 `` how , kelly ? '' 
 `` i. . . 
 i do n't want to forget simeon . 
 and i know once i sleep with you he will no longer exist for me . '' 
 `` simeon is your late husband ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` do you still love him ? '' 
 she smiled a sad smile . 
 `` i 'll always love him . '' 
 `` there 's nothing wrong in loving him . 
 but he 's gone . 
 and if he loved you as much as you loved him , then i believe he would want you to be happy . '' 
 moisture shimmered in her eyes . 
 `` do you think you can you make me happy , ryan ? '' 
 he made love to her with his eyes . 
 `` only you can make that possible . '' 
 kelly shook her head . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` not only do you have to love with your head , but also with your heart . 
 loving has to be both , not one or the other . '' 
 she sniffled , and ryan reached into a pocket and produced a snow-white handkerchief . 
 moving his chair closer to hers , he held her chin and dabbed her eyes . 
 resting his forehead against hers , he kissed the end of her nose . 
 `` you 're not the only one hurting , princess . 
 i 've been there , too . 
 i fell in love with a girl i 'd met in college . 
 after graduating we went our separate ways , then one day out of the blue she called me . 
 i invited her to the farm and she was caught up in the prerace excitement and parties . 
 blackstone farms had entered a horse in the virginia gold cup . 
 miss fancy pants was a twenty-to-one long shot , but we still had a lot of faith in her because she had heart . 
 our horse won , and that night pop threw a party to end all parties . 
 caroline and i celebrated in our own special way , and the next day we announced our engagement . 
 `` we had a september wedding , and by december she discovered she was pregnant . 
 that 's when everything changed . 
 she became depressed and talked about aborting the baby . '' 
 ryan ignored kelly 's audible inhalation . 
 `` i was forced to watch her around the clock because i thought she was going to ... '' his words trailed off . 
 `` take her own life , '' kelly said softly , completing his statement . 
 he nodded . 
 `` she said she hated me and hated living on the farm . 
 she cried that she was being smothered to death and wanted to go back to los angeles . 
 caroline carried to term , but when she went into labor she made me promise to either give her a divorce or she would kill herself . 
 i know i probably could 've had her committed , but i agreed on one condition . 
 she could leave , but she could not take my son . 
 i refused to jeopardize his life with a woman who had proven herself to be emotionally unstable . 
 `` i had my lawyer draw up the agreement before she left the hospital . 
 sean was two months old when she got into her car and drove away . 
 i loved her , kelly . 
 loved her enough to let her go so that she could find her happiness . '' 
 kelly laid her head on ryan 's shoulder . 
 `` you 've had your share of pain . '' 
 curving an arm around her bare shoulder , he pulled her closer . 
 `` that 's true , but i 've learned not to wallow in it . 
 there comes a time for healing . '' 
 kelly knew he was talking about her . 
 she had been wallowing in her pain for two years , accepting it as readily as breathing and sleeping . 
 `` you want me , ryan , knowing i 'm still carrying baggage ? 
 knowing that i 'm not ready to offer you what you feel you deserve from a woman ? '' 
 she sucked in her breath . 
 `` i have n't slept with a man in two years , and what i miss most is the intimacy . '' 
 there was a sob in her voice . 
 `` are you willing to accept me giving you my body without offering my heart ? '' 
 ryan eased back , his gaze meeting her tortured one . 
 he did want her , more than any other woman in his past . 
 `` you fascinate me , kelly , '' he confessed . 
 `` i do n't know whether it is your beauty , spunk or your intelligence . 
 and i have no right to demand or expect you to offer me anything . 
 what i will accept is anything you 're willing to give me . '' 
 her lids slipped down over her eyes as her lips parted . 
 ryan angled his head and slanted a kiss on her mouth , silently acknowledging the terms of their agreement . 
 the kiss ended and they exchanged a knowing smile . 
 ryan blew out his breath . 
 `` i do n't know about you , but i could use a drink right about now . '' 
 closing her eyes , kelly sighed softly . 
 `` i could use one , too . '' 
 `` an apple martini ? '' 
 kelly rested her chin on the heel of her hand . 
 `` yes , ryan , an apple martini . 
 it 's the rage in new york city . '' 
 he stared at her animated features , smiling . 
 the tears that had filled her eyes when she had spoken about her late husband had vanished . 
 they had reached the point where their relationship had to be resolved . 
 kelly wanted him to make love to her , and he would but only when the time was right . 
 what he did not want was anything planned or staged . 
 he wanted spontaneity . 
 curving a hand around her neck , he wound his fingers through her hair . 
 `` it must be a girlie girl concoction . 
 a real martini is vodka or gin , not some sissy-tasting apple liqueur . '' 
 smiling up at him through her lashes , kelly shook her head . 
 `` girlie girl ? '' 
 `` yes , '' he whispered against her lips . 
 `` you are the ultimate girlie girl . '' 
 `` i stopped being a girl a long time ago , '' she crooned . 
 ryan 's hand went from her neck to her back . 
 his fingers trailed down her spine , eliciting a shudder from her . 
 `` wrong , princess . 
 you 're a woman-girl . '' 
 he lowered his head and kissed the nape of her scented neck . 
 his mouth longed to follow the direction of his hand down the length of her spine . 
 he wanted to taste kelly - all over - until he gorged on her lush flesh . 
 kelly felt the heat from ryan 's body seep into hers , it igniting an inferno between her legs . 
 her body began to vibrate with liquid fire , and she gasped softly as her flesh pulsed with a need that bordered on insanity . 
 ryan 's sensitive nostrils caught the scent of her rising passion , and he stared at the sensuality parting her full lips and dilating her pupils . 
 their waiter approached the table , carrying their drink order . 
 kelly barely noticed the waiter placing her drink in front of her because the hardness of the thigh brushing against hers . 
 her whole being was flooded with a desire she had n't known she possessed . 
 it 's been a long time , she mused . 
 it had been a long time since the mere presence of a man had her quaking with desire . 
 reaching for the icy glass with the pale green liquid , ryan took a sip of kelly 's drink . 
 it slid down his throat , cooling it before a warming spread in his chest . 
 `` nice . '' 
 she picked up his tumbler filled with the concoctions for a rob roy , taking furtive sips . 
 she grimaced . 
 `` now , that 's strong . '' 
 handing kelly her martini , he said , `` it 's definitely not kool-aid . '' 
 he put the tumbler to his lips and drank deeply . 
 `` ryan ? '' 
 her voice was a mere whisper . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do we have to eat here ? '' 
 his sweeping eyebrows lifted . 
 `` where do you want to eat ? '' 
 `` upstairs . '' 
 `` you want to check into a room ? '' 
 she gave him a long , penetrating stare . 
 `` yes . '' 
 long , black lashes concealed the intensity in his gunmetal-gray eyes as he nodded . 
 `` wait here while i register at the desk . '' 
 kelly nodded , then slumped back to the cushioned softness of her chair . 
 it was about to begin . 
 she was ready to move forward , turn a corner and leave her past behind her . 
 she would always love simeon , but she knew she had to take a chance at finding love again , and that would only become possible if she looked forward . 
 she had finished her drink when ryan returned . 
 he helped her to her feet , cradling her against his side as he led her toward the elevator . 
 his large hand covered the small of her back , fingers splayed over the roundness of her hips . 
 a tall , flaxen-haired man who looked as if he 'd just left an icelandic ski slope joined them at the elevator . 
 rocking back on his heels , he stared at kelly 's bared back . 
 `` d-a-a-m-n-n ! '' 
 he gasped , drawing out the word . 
 ryan 's head snapped around , and he glared at the blond giant . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 the man put up his hands at the same time he shook his head . 
 `` nothing , man . '' 
 dropping his arm , ryan took off his jacket and draped it over kelly 's shoulders . 
 the doors to the elevator opened and he escorted her into the car . 
 he gave the man a narrow stare . 
 `` are n't you coming ? '' 
 kelly 's admirer shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 i 'll wait for it to come down . '' 
 ryan punched a button for the fourth floor . 
 `` suit yourself . '' 
 waiting until the doors closed , kelly stared at ryan as if he were a stranger . 
 `` what was that all about ? '' 
 staring straight ahead , he said , `` nothing . '' 
 `` were you calling that man out ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 shrugging off his jacket she handed it to him . 
 `` i 'm not cold , thank you very much . '' 
 the doors opened with a soft swooshing sound , and ryan reached for kelly 's hand . 
 they walked the length of the carpeted hallway to a room at the end of the hall . 
 a brass plate on the door read skyline . 
 he inserted the magnetic card in a slot and seconds later he opened a door to reveal an opulent suite of rooms . 
 this suite was designed with walls made entirely of glass . 
 the view through the glass of the appalachian mountains and forested areas was breathtaking . 
 ryan dropped his jacket over the back of chair in the entryway . 
 leaning against ryan , kelly bent down and slipped off her heels . 
 her toes disappeared in the deep pile of the plush gold carpeting . 
 she turned into his embrace , sighing as he pulled her to his chest . 
 tilting her head , she smiled up at him . 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 the corners of his mouth curved in a half smile . 
 `` you are beautiful , kelly . '' 
 rising on tiptoe , she pressed her mouth to his , tasting the liquor on his lips . 
 he deepened the kiss , his tongue slipping into her mouth . 
 ryan 's hands moved to cradle her round face between his palms ; he willed himself to go slow . 
 it had been a while since he had shared his bed with a woman , but nowhere as long as it had been for kelly and a man . 
 he left nibbling , teasing kisses at the corners of her mouth , over her eyes , along the length of her neck . 
 his lips feather-touched her throat . 
 `` i want you so much , '' he moaned against her ear . 
 kelly clung to ryan 's neck like a drowning swimmer . 
 `` then take me , '' she whispered hoarsely . 
 bending slightly , ryan scooped kelly up into his arms , carrying her through the sitting room and into a bedroom with a king-size bed . 
 the shimmering glow of the setting sun coming through the wall of glass threw shadows across the bed . 
 outside the shadows covering the mountains and valleys were reminiscent of the landscape pictures painted by the artists from the hudson river school . 
 cradling kelly with one arm , ryan pulled back a duvet and lightweight blanket to reveal a pale-yellow sheet . 
 he lowered her gently to the mattress , his body following hers down . 
 gazing deeply into her clear-brown eyes , he smiled . 
 glints of gold sparkled as she gave him a shy smile . 
 he returned her smile . 
 `` i want it to be good between us . '' 
 he needed it to be good because ... he was falling in love with kelly . 
 `` being here with you , having you hold me is good . '' 
 his fingers traced the outline of her delicate jaw . 
 `` do n't worry about anything . 
 i 'll protect and take care of you . '' 
 she was n't certain what he meant by the cryptic statement , but mentally dismissed it as he slipped his hands under the straps on her shoulders , easing them down and off her arms and gasping softly when he stared at her naked breasts rising and falling above her rib cage . 
 her breasts were perfect . 
 not too large or small , they were tipped with dark chocolate-brown nipples . 
 he undressed her slowly , his gaze burning her flesh everywhere it touched . 
 sitting back on his heels , he removed her dress and black lace bikini panties . 
 everything about her body was alluring . 
 from her flat belly , curvy hips and long shapely legs to her flawless brown skin that gave the appearance of whipped mousse . 
 kelly forced herself not to cover her body with her hands , because there was something about the way ryan was staring at her nakedness that made her uncomfortable . 
 rising off the mattress , she went to her knees . 
 `` now , it 's my turn , '' she whispered , her mouth touching his . 
 ryan did not move , not even his eyes , as he permitted kelly to undress him . 
 his breathing quickened as she slipped off his tie and unbuttoned his shirt . 
 moving closer , her breasts touching his chest , she reached up and pushed the shirt off his shoulders . 
 he did close his eyes once she unbuckled the belt around his waist . 
 by the time she undid the waistband and unzipped his trousers , he felt the constriction in his chest . 
 kelly felt the rising heat from ryan 's body like the steam in a sauna . 
 it intensified the natural masculine scent and the sensual fragrance of his cologne . 
 he pushed her hands away , slipped off the bed and finished undressing . 
 she stared at the broad expanse of his chest covered with a profusion of black hair . 
 seeing ryan like this reminded her of how different he was from simeon . 
 wherein simeon was only several inches taller than she was , ryan exceeded her five-foot , eight-inch height by at least six inches . 
 simeon 's coloring was dark , while ryan 's was golden-brown . 
 simeon 's body was smooth , unlike the crisp black hair covering ryan 's chest , arms and legs . 
 she would not let her gaze venture below his waist after she 'd glimpsed the thick , heavy organ nestled between his powerful thighs . 
 ryan was n't fully aroused , yet he was huge ! 
 the mattress dipped when he joined her on the bed . 
 she closed her eyes . 
 ryan eased her down to a pillow . 
 `` look at me , darling . '' 
 she complied and slowly opened her eyes . 
 curving his arms around her waist , he shifted her until she lay over his chest , her legs nestled between his . 
 moaning softly , kelly buried her face between his neck and shoulder . 
 `` tell me what you me want to do , '' he said in her hair . 
 `` tell me what i have to do to make you feel good . '' 
 kelly felt tears prick the backs of her eyelids . 
 simeon had been the only man she had slept with , and never had he asked what she 'd wanted in bed . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 her voice was soft and childlike . 
 ryan smiled . 
 `` do you want me to kiss your body ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` all over ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you want to be on top or underneath me ? '' 
 it was her turn to smile . 
 `` both . '' 
 `` front or rear ? '' 
 she gasped , and he laughed , the sound coming from deep within his broad chest . 
 `` we 'll save the rear position for another time . '' 
 reversing their positions , he supported his weight on his elbows . 
 he closed his eyes and lowered his head , brushing a kiss over her mouth and leaving it burning with heat . 
 kelly found his mouth warm and sweet , moving with a slow , drugging intimacy that left both trembling . 
 nothing was rushed . 
 not the shivering kisses starting between her breasts and trailing lower to her belly . 
 not his teeth nipping her nipples , turning them into hard buttons . 
 but once he placed his hands against the inside of her thighs , spreading them wider , the sensual assault began . 
 she arched off the mattress as he searched for the tiny bud of flesh between her legs , and once finding it he laved it with his tongue until it hardened and swelled twice its size . 
 kelly gripped the sheets , swallowing the moans trapped in her throat . 
 ryan 's mouth and tongue played havoc with her nerve endings as she struggled not to climax . 
 cupping her buttocks in both hands , ryan raised her hips and plunged his tongue into her quivering flesh and drank deeply . 
 he felt kelly trembling , heard her soft pleas for him to stop , but he ignored her . 
 it was his intent to brand her with his possession , to make her forget all other men ever existed . 
 he wanted to be the last man in her bed and in her life . 
 kelly felt as if she stood outside of herself , watching herself float to a place where she 'd never been . 
 the desire streaking through her body was strange and frightening . 
 `` no , '' she gasped , her head thrashing from side to side . 
 she did n't want to feel this way , unable to control what was happening to her . 
 `` ryan , please stop . '' 
 he did stop , but only long enough only to open the packet containing a condom he had taken from the pocket of his trousers . 
 he rolled it down his tumescence , moved her over again and guided his engorged sex into her body . 
 ryan kissed kelly 's taut nipples , rousing her passion all over again . 
 she groaned with each inch that disappeared into the folds of her pulsing flesh . 
 once fully engulfed in her heat , he began to move . 
 slowly . 
 deliberately . 
 pulling out . 
 pushing in . 
 pulling out a little more . 
 pushing in a little harder until he established a rhythm that had them both moaning in ecstasy and gasping for their next breath . 
 she rose to meet his powerful thrusts , their bodies in exquisite harmony with one another . 
 opening her mouth , kelly gasped in sweet agony as she felt the waves sweeping over her increase . 
 the pleasure ryan offered her was pure and explosive . 
 he quickened his movements , his head buried between her neck and shoulders , and it was then that she cried out as love flowed through her like liquid heat . 
 she climaxed once , twice , then lost count as she was hurtled to another dimension . 
 she lay drowning in the aftermath of her sensual journey when ryan exploded , his deep moans of ecstasy echoing in her ear . 
 he collapsed on her and she welcomed his weight and strength . 
 their shared moment of ecstasy had passed , yet she was filled with an amazing sense of fulfillment . 
 wrapping his arms around kelly 's waist , ryan reversed their positions and smiled . 
 her face was moist , her mouth swollen from his kisses . 
 he lifted his eyebrows . 
 `` did i hurt you ? '' 
 kelly stared down into the gray eyes that reminded her of streaks of lightning across a summer sky . 
 `` no . '' 
 and he had n't hurt her . 
 however , she was certain muscles she had n't used in a while would be a little sore . 
 resting her head on his shoulder , she snuggled closer . 
 she could feel the heat of his large body course down the length of hers . 
 `` thank you , ryan . '' 
 `` for what , darling ? '' 
 his hand moved up and down her spine in a comforting motion . 
 `` for reminding me what it means to feel like a woman again . '' 
 he dropped a kiss on her mussed hair . 
 `` if i make you feel womanly it 's because this is the first time in a long time i 'm glad that i was born a man . '' 
 raising her head , she stared at him staring down at her under lowered lids . 
 he was so handsome that she found herself speechless for several seconds . 
 `` i 'm glad i waited . '' 
 his arm tightened around her waist . 
 he wanted to tell her that he was glad he had waited for her . 
 reaching over to his right , he picked up the watch he had left on the bedside table . 
 it was after eight . 
 `` are you hungry ? '' 
 `` starved . '' 
 `` i 'll call and have our dinner sent up . '' 
 kelly pulled out of his embrace and sat up . 
 `` i need to take a shower first . '' 
 grinning , he reached for her hand . 
 `` we 'll save time by sharing one . '' 
 she gave him a knowing look . 
 `` no seconds before we eat . '' 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
 i already ate . '' 
 kelly slapped playfully at ryan , missing his shoulder when he ducked . 
 he swept her up , throwing her over his shoulder as he headed toward the bathroom . 
 they shared a shower , kelly complaining because he had ruined her hairdo when he held her under the flowing water while kissing her until she pleaded with him to let her go . 
 wrapping her wet hair with a towel , she dried her body from a supply of thick , thirsty towels in a closet in the spacious modern bathroom . 
 the closet yielded bathrobes and terry-cloth slippers in varying sizes . 
 two hours later , she sat on a love seat in the dining area , her bare feet resting on ryan 's thighs . 
 they had turned off all the lights , lit several candles and turned on the radio to a station that played mostly slow love songs . 
 she patted her belly under the terry robe . 
 `` i ate too much . '' 
 resting the back of his head on the love seat , ryan said , `` nonsense . 
 i ate more than you did . '' 
 they 'd devoured a platter of marinated asparagus , artichoke , grilled peppers , steak tidbits and grilled shrimp . 
 `` that 's because you ate faster than me . '' 
 `` true , '' he said , lifting a flute of champagne . 
 kelly raised her own flute , sipping the bubbling liquid . 
 she had n't finished her first glass . 
 `` what time do you plan to drive back ? '' 
 `` what makes you think i 'm driving back tonight ? '' 
 she could not make out his expression in the shadowy darkness . 
 sitting up straighter , she said , `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 ryan put his flute down on the table . 
 `` unless you have another engagement this evening , i do n't see the need to leave . '' 
 `` what about sean ? '' 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 `` would n't he ... '' `` would n't he what ? '' 
 ryan asked when she did not finish her question . 
 `` i 'm not neglecting my son , kelly , if that 's what you 're concerned about . 
 he 's spending the night with the smith twins . 
 they 're having a spider-man party . '' 
 heat flared in her cheeks . 
 `` i just do n't - do n't want to be responsible for keeping you from your son . '' 
 he curved his fingers around her slender ankles , holding her fast . 
 `` that could never happen . 
 i 've assumed total responsibility for sean from the first time he drew breath , and there has never been a time when i 've neglected him . 
 i may not have always made the right decisions where it concerned him , but i 've done the best i could . 
 `` sheldon begged me not to take him with me when i went to tuskegee , but there was no way i could leave him for almost a year even though i knew he would be well cared for at the farm . 
 sean sulked the entire time he was away . 
 he acted out because he did n't want to go to the daycare center whenever i taught a class , and he refused to talk to me whenever i came to pick him up . 
 i made a mistake because i thought i knew what was best for my son . 
 that was one time when i was thinking only of myself , but that will never happen again . '' 
 kelly put her flute next to ryan 's , then leaned forward to curve her arms around his neck . 
 `` no one is born a parent . 
 we learn through trial and error . 
 but in the end you will find that you 've done a pretty good job . '' 
 she kissed his chin . 
 `` sean will grow up to be as proud of you as you are of sheldon . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` pop and i sometime have our differences , but if i turn out to be half the father he is then i 'll be more than grateful . 
 it was n't easy for him when mom died , leaving him with two boys who thought they knew more than he did . 
 he was still pretty young when he became a widower , but he refused to remarry because he said he did not want another woman believing she could replace his sons ' mother . '' 
 `` how old were you when your mother passed away ? '' 
 `` fourteen . 
 jeremy had just turned ten . 
 we were so angry , unable to accept that our mother was gone . 
 i 'm ashamed to say that we gave pop hell for a few years until he said he would n't treat us like men until we started acting like men . '' 
 `` did you straighten out ? '' 
 `` i 'm still here , are n't i ? '' 
 `` were you and your brother that out of control ? '' 
 `` we were n't what you would call thugs or criminals , but we never walked away from a fight . 
 i was n't as bad as jeremy , but i had to back him up because he was my brother . '' 
 `` you have n't changed that much , ryan . '' 
 his forehead creased in a frown . 
 `` why would you say that ? '' 
 `` you were looking to start something with that guy at the elevator . '' 
 he let go of her legs , picked up his flute , and took a swallow . 
 she peered closely at him . 
 `` and because you 're not saying anything let 's me know that you 're still a brawler . '' 
 he lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` it would n't have come to anything , kelly . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i 'd never let you see me act like that . '' 
 `` but are you still capable of brawling ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 but i 'd rather make love . '' 
 he put aside his flute and reached for her . 
 he untied the belt holding her robe together , running a hand up her inner thigh . 
 a moan slipped past her lips . 
 `` ryan . '' 
 `` yes , baby , '' he whispered in her ear . 
 she moaned again . 
 `` that 's not fair . '' 
 `` what 's not fair , princess ? '' 
 `` you 're taking advantage of me . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` you can always take advantage of me . '' 
 kelly reciprocated as her hand searched under his robe to find him hard and ready . 
 `` what are you waiting for ? 
 let 's go back to bed . '' 
 this time there was no prolonged foreplay as ryan paused long enough to slip on a condom , then entered kelly 's pulsing body and sent shivers of delight through her . 
 their lovemaking was strong and passionate , each striving to delay fulfillment until the last possible moment . 
 but they were not to be denied as they used every inch of the large bed in their quest to touch heaven . 
 they exploded together , incinerating in flames of passion that burned long after they fell asleep entwined in each other 's embrace . 
 kelly returned to blackstone farms saturday morning with ryan , wrapped in a cocoon of contentment . 
 she woke up to find him lying on his side , his head resting on a folded arm , smiling at her . 
 they had not made love again , but lay in bed for several hours talking . 
 she told him how it had been to grow up in new york city and how different virginia was from the fast pace of a city that never slept . 
 ryan had revealed that he 'd visited new york twice , both times for professional conferences . 
 he said he 'd been shocked by the number of people crowding into a single subway car , but admitted that while he loved the pulsing excitement he knew he could never survive living in a big city . 
 after a wonderfully long night , they 'd finally left the bed , showered and eaten breakfast in their suite before checking out . 
 kelly stood on the porch to her house , a hand resting in the middle of ryan 's chest . 
 `` pick me up at one . '' 
 he 'd promised to take her into staunton where she could buy a pair of riding boots . 
 lowering his head , he kissed her tenderly . 
 `` i 'll see you later . '' 
 he smiled , turned and walked back to his car . 
 she unlocked the door and was met with the shrill ringing of the telephone . 
 rushing into the bedroom , she picked up the receiver before the answering machine switched on . 
 a blinking number indicated two calls had been recorded . 
 `` hello . '' 
 `` where have you been ? 
 i 've been trying to reach you since last night . 
 i left two messages on your machine . 
 leo had to talk me out of driving across the state to find out what happened to you . '' 
 kelly smiled as she kicked off her shoes . 
 `` i did n't know i was on work-release this weekend . '' 
 `` very funny , kel . '' 
 `` you bitch and moan when i call you every friday or saturday night , and when i do n't you overreact . '' 
 there was a pulse beat of silence before pamela 's voice came through the wire again . 
 `` you had a date ? '' 
 `` yes , i had a date . '' 
 kelly held the receiver away from her ear as her sister let out an ear-piercing shriek . 
 `` who is he ? 
 where did you go ? 
 what did you do ? '' 
 `` dang , pamela . '' 
 `` you can say damn , kelly . '' 
 `` all right . 
 damn , pamela . '' 
 `` you do n't have to tell me what you did , '' she said . 
 `` but you have to tell me who he is . '' 
 `` his name is ryan blackstone . '' 
 `` he 's one of the blackstones ? '' 
 `` he 's the eldest son . '' 
 `` hot damn ! 
 my little sister struck the mother lode . '' 
 `` back it up , pamela . 
 it was just one date . '' 
 `` one , two , three , four . 
 it does n't matter . 
 the fact that you went out with him , and apparently spent more than a few hours together , says a lot . '' 
 kelly wanted to argue with her sister , but decided against it . 
 pamela andrews-porter refused to accept that she was exactly like their mother , camille andrews . 
 she just could not resist meddling . 
 `` i 'm going to ring off because i have to go into town to do some shopping . '' 
 `` do n't hang up yet , kel . 
 i was calling to let you know that leo and i are hosting a fourth of july cookout . 
 mama and daddy are driving down for the weekend , and cousins bill , flora , verna and her kids said they 're coming up . 
 it 's going to be somewhat of a mini family reunion . '' 
 `` i 'll be there . '' 
 `` are you bringing your man ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 and he 's not my man . '' 
 `` you said that a little too quickly , little sis . '' 
 `` goodbye , big sis . '' 
 `` goodbye , kelly , '' pamela crooned , chuckling softly . 
 kelly hung up , mumbling to herself . 
 just because she had slept with ryan that did not mean he was her man or she his woman . 
 what they had become were lovers before they 'd become friends . 
 how different it was from her relationship with simeon . 
 he had been her friend since first grade , and it was n't until she was twenty that she offered him more than friendship : her body and a promise to love him forever . 
 she glanced at the clock on the table next to the phone . 
 she had an hour to blow out her hair and ready herself for an afternoon of shopping with ryan . 
 ryan found his father by the pool . 
 a few of the employees had gathered around the olympic-size pool to cool off from the unseasonable ninety-degree temperatures . 
 two hundred feet away smaller bodies frolicked in the kiddie pool like baby seals under the watchful eyes of their parents . 
 sitting down at the table under one of a dozen large black and red striped umbrellas positioned around the deck , he nodded at sheldon . 
 `` good afternoon . '' 
 sheldon stared at his son through a pair of sunglasses . 
 missing was the tailored suit from the night before . 
 this afternoon he wore jeans , t-shirt and a pair of running shoes . 
 `` good afternoon . 
 how was your date ? '' 
 `` good . '' 
 he smiled , nodding . 
 `` how 's kelly ? '' 
 ryan bit back a grin . 
 `` she 's good . '' 
 sheldon turned to stare out at the blue-green water . 
 `` i 'm glad to hear it . '' 
 ryan patted his father 's bare shoulder . 
 the sun had darkened his caffe latte complexion to skin to a rich cinnamon-brown . 
 the muscle under his hand still hard for a middle-aged man in his prime . 
 `` i like her , pop . '' 
 he inhaled a lungful of hot air . 
 `` i just had n't realized how much l liked her until i was able to spend time with her . 
 she has a quick mind and a wonderful sense of humor . 
 she also has a sharp tongue . '' 
 sheldon lifted his left eyebrow . 
 `` she sounds a lot like your mother . '' 
 ryan chuckled . 
 `` it helps that she 's beautiful and sexy . '' 
 just like your mother was , sheldon mused . 
 `` i 'm glad you found someone you enjoy being with , '' he said aloud . 
 gaze narrowing , ryan searched the kiddie pool for his son . 
 `` where 's sean ? '' 
 `` he 's in the dining hall eating lunch . '' 
 ryan was pleased that sean had begun eating again . 
 during their stay in alabama he 'd refused to eat with the other children at the child care center . 
 `` i 'm going to take him with me . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` to staunton . 
 if kelly 's going to learn to ride , then she 's going to need boots . '' 
 pushing to his feet , he said , `` i 'll see you later . '' 
 `` enjoy , '' sheldon said in parting . 
 sean sat between ryan and kelly in a specialty shop that featured leather goods , talking non-stop as she tried on several pairs of riding boots . 
 `` cook 's gon na cook the three little pigs before the wolf eats them up . '' 
 kelly smiled at ryan , who winked and returned her smile . 
 `` cook plans to roast a couple of pigs for the memorial day cookout , sean , but i can assure you they are not the three little pigs , '' ryan said in a quiet voice . 
 `` are you sure , daddy ? '' 
 `` ask miss kelly . '' 
 she cut her eyes at ryan who gave her a please help me out expression . 
 `` your father 's right , sean . 
 when we go back to school on monday - '' `` monday is no school , miss kelly , '' sean interrupted . 
 `` you said it was me - more day . '' 
 she made a show of hitting her forehead with the heel of her hand . 
 `` that 's right . 
 i did forget that memorial day is monday . 
 thank you for reminding me . '' 
 sean patted ryan 's shoulder to get his attention . 
 `` we made flags in school . '' 
 `` you did n't show it to me . '' 
 `` you ca n't see it until monday . '' 
 sean explained to ryan how they had counted the stars and stripes while kelly indicated to the salesperson which pair of boots she had decided to purchase . 
 rising from his chair , ryan reached into his rear pocket for a wallet , removed a credit card and handed it to the clerk . 
 kelly reached for the card , but ryan caught and held her wrist . 
 `` let 's not make a scene , '' he warned softly . 
 `` there wo n't be a scene if you let me pay for my own purchases . '' 
 curving an arm around her waist , he pulled her closer to his side . 
 `` what if we compromise ? '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` i pay for the boots and you pay for ice cream for the rest of the summer . 
 it 's going to work out equitably because sean and i eat a lot of ice cream . '' 
 sean bobbed his head up and down . 
 `` that 's right . '' 
 kelly knew when she was outnumbered . 
 `` how often do you eat it ? '' 
 `` every day , '' they chorused . 
 `` i think i 've just been had , '' she murmured under her breath . 
 they left the store and ryan drove sheldon 's suv to shorty 's diner on richmond road . 
 the restaurant looked like a 1950s jukebox . 
 all stainless steel with neon lights and glass , it was colorful and inviting . 
 ryan ordered a monstrous ice-cream concoction large enough for four people . 
 kelly , who rarely ate sweets , could not stop eating the homemade vanilla , strawberry and pistachio ice cream topped with nuts , whipped cream and fresh berries . 
 `` you 're going to make me fat , '' she whispered to ryan as he helped her up into the suv for the ride home . 
 `` you 'd look good with a few extra pounds . '' 
 `` not in the belly and butt , '' she growled . 
 `` especially in the belly , '' he countered , still holding the door open . 
 she went completely still , her gaze fusing with his . 
 she berated herself for telling him she wanted a baby . 
 and did she really want ryan to father her child ? 
 was she ready for motherhood ? 
 did she want to marry again ? 
 the questions taunted her because she had grown up believing one fell in love , married and then had children - in that order . 
 she had done that with simeon , but had not completed the cycle because he had been taken from her . 
 turning to look out the windshield , she stared straight ahead . 
 she had offered ryan her body , but not her heart . 
 she was n't certain when she would - if ever . 
 kelly met ryan in the stables early sunday morning . 
 she found him kneeling in one of the stalls , examining the right foreleg of a stallion . 
 a large black bag filled with rolls of bandages stood open on the floor . 
 she watched as he wrapped at least four layers of cotton wool and a bandage tightly around the leg . 
 he removed a pair of latex gloves , dropping them in the bag and closing it . 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 she asked . 
 ryan stood up , his gaze taking in everything about kelly in one sweeping glance . 
 her hair was pulled back into a ponytail under a baseball cap . 
 she was dressed for riding : blouse , jeans and boots . 
 she held a pair of leather riding gloves in one hand . 
 `` he sustained a simple fracture a couple of months ago . '' 
 `` will he be okay ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` he 's healing nicely . '' 
 curving an arm around kelly 's waist , he led her to a door near the entrance . 
 he punched several buttons on a panel , and the door opened automatically . 
 he ushered her into a large space where he had set up his office . 
 it contained a large stainless-steel examining table , sinks , cabinets filled with bandages , vials of drugs , and surgical instruments . 
 `` do you perform surgeries here ? '' 
 he opened the bag , discarded the latex gloves , and then stored the bag on a corner shelf . 
 `` only in an emergency . 
 i 'm a registered on-call vet with a hospital in richmond . '' 
 he washed his hands in one of the sinks with a strong antiseptic-smelling solution , dried them on several paper towels , discarding the towels in a plastic-covered container . 
 smiling at kelly , he said , `` are you ready for your first riding lesson ? '' 
 she returned his smile . 
 `` yes . '' 
 taking her hand , he led her out of the stable to an area where mark charlesworth stood waiting with two saddled horses . 
 mark 's expression brightened when he saw kelly . 
 `` good morning , miss kelly . '' 
 `` good morning , mark . '' 
 `` mark , please hold my horse while i help miss kelly . '' 
 spanning her waist with both hands , ryan swung her up effortlessly onto a horse . 
 the horse sidestepped and he caught the reins , handing them to kelly . 
 `` hold them either in your right or left hand . 
 your fingers should close over the reins with your hand turned over so that the wrist is straight and your thumb up . '' 
 kelly felt half a ton of muscle and raw power between her legs , refusing to acknowledge her fear as ryan adjusted the stirrups to accommodate her legs . 
 she 'd never sat on a horse in her life , and the fact that she was at least six feet above the ground made her stomach roil . 
 `` put your feet in the stirrups , then lean forward in the saddle . '' 
 she reacted like automaton once he showed her how to use her knees and reins to control the animal . 
 the horse ryan had chosen to ride reared up , his forelegs pawing the air . 
 mark tightened his hold on the bridle . 
 `` he 's a little flighty this morning , doc . '' 
 `` that 's because he wants to run . '' 
 ryan put his left foot in the stirrup , mounting in one continuous motion . 
 mark handed him his wide-brim hat . 
 reaching over , he held on to the bridle of kelly 's horse and he led her away from the stables . 
 once she became accustomed to the rocking motion , she found herself relaxing . 
 she followed ryan as he cantered toward the open portion of the property . 
 an hour later kelly sat under a tree watching ryan as he raced his horse across the verdant landscape . 
 horse and rider became one as the thoroughbred established a long , low , raking stride . 
 sinking down to the grass , she closed her eyes . 
 ryan returned to kelly , finding her reclining on the grass , asleep . 
 he tethered his horse next to where hers grazed on the sweet tender grass . 
 he sank down beside kelly , resting his head on his folded arm . 
 she had taken off her cap . 
 without warning she opened her eyes . 
 `` how do you like riding ? '' 
 `` i like it , but i 'm sore . '' 
 `` where ? '' 
 `` my behind and between my legs . '' 
 moving from his reclining position , he sat back on his heels . 
 he did not give kelly time to protest as he removed her boots . 
 her socks followed , then he unsnapped her jeans . 
 she slapped at his hand . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 he pushed her hand away . 
 `` i 'm going to give you a massage . '' 
 `` no-ooo , '' she wailed in protest . 
 `` yes , '' he insisted , lifting her hips and easing her jeans down her legs . 
 any further protest ended once ryan turned kelly over to lie on her belly . 
 `` rest your head on your arms . '' 
 she moaned once as gave herself up to the strength in his strong fingers as he kneaded her buttocks and the flesh of her inner thighs . 
 after ten minutes he straddled her , his chest pressing against her back . 
 `` you look as beautiful from behind as you do in front , '' he whispered against her ear . 
 her breathing halted then started up again . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 `` it 's not want i 'm doing but what i want to do . '' 
 curving an arm around her middle , he eased her gently to her knees . 
 kelly groaned inwardly when she felt the solid bulge in his groin pressing against her hips . 
 the only shield between them was his jeans and her navy-blue thong panties . 
 reaching between her legs , he cupped her feminine heat and desire shot through her like a jolt of electricity , leaving her wet and pulsing against his palm . 
 `` kelly , '' he growled deep in his throat . 
 `` now , ryan , '' she gasped , praying she would n't climax before he penetrated her . 
 he unsnapped his jeans , pushing them and his briefs down around his knees and pulled aside the narrow strip of fabric . 
 he entered her in one , swift , sure motion . 
 she felt his hot breath in her neck , raspy breathing in her ear , and the power in his thighs as he pushed into her pulsing flesh . 
 resting the back of her head on his shoulder , she closed her eyes , trying unsuccessfully not to explode . 
 kelly had become a mare in heat as ryan inhaled the feminine musk rising from between her legs . 
 and like a rutting stallion , he gloried in the pleasure that came from pumping in and out of her lush body . 
 cupping his hands over her breasts he cradled them , measuring their weight as her nipples hardened under his fingertips . 
 he loved her , each deliberate thrust , joining their bodies , every gasp , groan , moan bringing them closer to the brink of a spiraling ecstasy and fulfillment . 
 it was no longer flesh-to-flesh , man-to-woman , heart-to-heart , but soul-to-soul . 
 pressing his face against the nape of her neck , ryan caught the tender skin between his teeth , biting gently and leaving his brand . 
 his lips left her neck and seared a path along the silken column of her neck . 
 mouth open and gasping for her next breath , kelly felt herself slipping away from reality . 
 she writhed against ryan , the curve of her buttocks tucked neatly against his groin . 
 they had become a perfect fit . 
 her body flamed and froze at the same time . 
 her world tilted and careened on its axis . 
 she cried out for release and seconds later she exploded in a floodtide of shimmering fire that shattered the barrier she had erected around her heart to love again . 
 kelly 's passion spread to ryan as her heat swept over him like a raging forest fire . 
 his fingers tightened around her waist , holding her fast as he spewed liquid love into her still-pulsing flesh . 
 he eased her down to the grass , gasping loudly . 
 ryan pulled kelly against his chest and buried his face in her hair . 
 everything that was kelly andrews seeped into his pores . 
 he loved her ! 
 he had fallen in love with her . 
 easing back he stared at her staring back at him . 
 in that instant he saw his unborn children in her eyes . 
 the realization he had made to love to her without protection squeezed his heart . 
 splaying a hand over her hip , he kissed her moist forehead . 
 `` i wanted to make love to you , but not without a condom . '' 
 she offered him a tender smile . 
 `` do n't beat up on yourself , ryan . 
 i 'm safe right now . '' 
 `` are you certain ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` yes . 
 i woke up this morning with the familiar symptoms telling me i should see my period in a few days . '' 
 he wanted to tell her that it did not matter if she was or was n't pregnant , because he loved her enough to ask her to share his love and his future . 
 they waited until their passions cooled and then dressed . 
 ryan led kelly to her horse , helped her mount before he mounted his . 
 their return to the stables was unhurried as they rode side by side in silence . 
 ryan saw kelly enter the dining hall , his gaze following her as she walked past his table and over to mark charlesworth 's . 
 the young stable hand rose to his feet at her approach . 
 he went completely still when mark cupped her elbow and led her away . 
 `` easy , '' sheldon said softly , noting ryan 's thunderous expression . 
 `` it 's not what you think . '' 
 turning his head , ryan stared at his father as if he were a stranger . 
 `` just what is it i 'm thinking , pop ? '' 
 the query , though spoken quietly , was ominous . 
 `` there 's nothing going on between them . '' 
 ryan wanted to believe sheldon . 
 it was now the end of june , and he and kelly continued to see each other , but only on weekends . 
 they had established a practice of sharing dinner , movie or concert , and a bed on fridays at hotels far enough from staunton to ensure their privacy . 
 he dropped off sean and picked him up from school during the week . 
 kelly related to him the same way she related to the other parents . 
 knowing he was in love kelly had increased ryan 's frustration because he wanted to spend more time with her . 
 his need to spend more than twelve consecutive hours with her each week went beyond physical desire . 
 one night they 'd shared a bed but had been content to hold hands and talk rather than make love . 
 there was so much he longed to tell her but hesitated because she still withheld a small part of herself - the part that would allow her to love again . 
 and there was nothing about kelly that he did not love : her wit , intelligence , beauty , patience and her sensuality . 
 he planned to turn blackstone day school into a private school for grades n-6 . 
 he wanted to hire a music teacher so the children could learn to sing , read music and play musical instruments . 
 the building would be expanded to include actual classrooms , and as the school 's headmistress kelly would hire and train the staff . 
 ryan knew kelly loved teaching as much as her students loved her . 
 every day sean came home singing her praises . 
 he proudly displayed his art projects and showed ryan his notebook filled with the letters of the alphabet and corresponding words for the letter of the day . 
 instead of playing with computer games or watching television , sean now preferred reading picture books . 
 kelly andrews had become a positive role model for the children at blackstone farms , while at the same time she had taught the resident veterinarian that it was possible not to love once , but twice in a lifetime . 
 floor lamps burned in the school 's sitting area . 
 kelly sat with mark , listening intently as he explained his answer to one of her questions . 
 she had given him several practice psat examinations , and out of the possible sixteen hundred points , he averaged seven fifty-five on the math segment , but less than four hundred on the verbal . 
 although his combined scores topped one thousand , she wanted him to increase his score on the verbal portion . 
 it had taken two weeks for her to assess mark 's weak reading comprehension . 
 `` you must train your eye to recognize key words within the paragraph . 
 she circled half a dozen words with a pencil . 
 mark studied the circled words . 
 `` is it b ? '' 
 kelly shook her head . 
 `` you 're guessing , mark . 
 take your time . '' 
 he stared at the paragraph , exhaling audibly . 
 `` i ca n't , miss kelly . '' 
 `` yes , you can . 
 if you can ace the math there 's no reason why you ca n't ace the verbal as well . '' 
 he ran his hand over his dreaded hair . 
 `` math has always been easy for me , but i 've always had a problem with reading . '' 
 kelly saw the frustration on his face . 
 `` do you like reading ? '' 
 he shrugged a shoulder . 
 `` not much . '' 
 `` do you read the newspaper ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` well , you should . 
 there are three newspapers delivered to the farm - usa today , the washington post and the virginian-pilot . 
 i want you to read one every day . 
 underline the words you do n't understand and look them up in the dictionary i gave you . '' 
 he grimaced . 
 `` do i have to ? '' 
 kelly wanted to laugh . 
 he sounded so much like her younger students when they sought to get out of performing a task . 
 `` yes , you do . 
 i 'm volunteering my time to help you , mark . 
 the least you can do is complete your homework assignments . '' 
 what mark did not know was that she had sacrificed seeing ryan during the week because she was committed to tutoring him . 
 she wanted to see ryan more than just friday nights . 
 waking up beside him on saturday mornings in a strange hotel was not what she had envisioned for their relationship . 
 if she had been employed at the farm in any position other than a teacher , she would have eagerly dated ryan openly . 
 but she was his son 's teacher , and for her this presented a personal conflict . 
 she did not want sean to know she had fallen in love with his father because she and ryan talked about everything except a future together . 
 he had not confessed to loving her , or she him . 
 and she was mature enough to know that falling in love with ryan had nothing to do with sharing his bed . 
 ryan was intelligent , patient , generous and gentle despite his admission that he was once known as a brawler . 
 he was a devoted father . 
 he praised and encouraged sean while setting limits for the child . 
 ryan took her to charming restaurants and even more charming hotels and inns for their overnight liaisons . 
 `` i 'll read the newspapers , '' mark said , breaking into her musings . 
 she smiled at him . 
 `` good . 
 i 'm going to make a list of vocabulary words for you to study . 
 come by tomorrow afternoon to pick it up . '' 
 mark smiled , his deep-set dark eyes sparkling like polished onyx . 
 `` thanks , miss kelly . '' 
 mark pushed his study manuals into a leather saddlebag , murmured a soft good night then turned and walked out of the schoolhouse . 
 the door closed and seconds later it opened again . 
 ryan stood in the doorway , staring at her . 
 `` is n't he a little young for you ? '' 
 kelly felt her pulse quicken . 
 could it be ryan was jealous ? 
 and for him to display jealousy , then that meant his feelings went deeper than a mere liking ? 
 `` yes , he is . 
 so is your son . 
 and do n't forget the smith twins . '' 
 ryan did n't know whether to laugh in relief or kiss kelly until she begged him to stop . 
 it was apparent her relationship with mark was that of teacher-student . 
 he 'd left the dining hall and was heading home when he saw the light coming from the schoolhouse . 
 he 'd told sean to go back to grandpa while he turned and walked to the school . 
 he was less than twenty feet away when he saw mark charlesworth leaving . 
 maturity and his responsibility for sean had stopped him when he thought about confronting mark about kelly . 
 it was in that instant he knew he was still capable of brawling . 
 walking over to wall-mounted bulletin board , he stared at the photographs and drawings depicting blackstone farms . 
 `` exploring our world '' had become an enlightening experience for the five children who had lived on the farm since birth . 
 they 'd taken photographs of the numbers tattooed under the upper lip of each horse that was used for identification purposes . 
 they photographed kevin manning as he trained a horse , stable hands mucking out stalls , grooms brushing the hides of the horses to keep the coats free of eggs left by flies , men hauling bales of hay from the barn to the stables , more working to repair a fence to keep the horses from running away , and carl burton and his kitchen personnel . 
 his contribution was demonstrating preventive measures for keeping the horses healthy . 
 they 'd watched , transfixed , as he held a horse 's mouth open and checked its teeth . 
 he read the penciled compositions of the children who wrote about the work their parents did at the horse farm . 
 he smiled when he read : my daddy is very strong , my mommy works hard . 
 kelly walked over to ryan . 
 `` you were not supposed to see this until parents ' night . '' 
 he stared at her under lowered lids . 
 `` and i 'm not supposed to be alone with you until friday . '' 
 she gasped . 
 she had forgotten to tell ryan . 
 `` i ca n't see you friday . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to visit my sister in d.c. . 
 we 're having a small family gathering for the fourth of july holiday weekend . '' 
 ryan 's jaw tightened . 
 the plans he had made to take her and sean to williamsburg would have to be cancelled . 
 `` i wish you would 've told me sooner . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i 'd planned to take you and sean to williamsburg for the weekend . '' 
 `` you made plans without telling me ? '' 
 `` i wanted it to be a surprise for you and sean . '' 
 he had n't told anyone about the trip . 
 not even sheldon . 
 `` well , it 's more than a surprise . 
 it 's a shock . '' 
 `` what 's the problem , kelly ? '' 
 there was an edge to his voice she had never heard before . 
 she moved closer . 
 `` what signals are you sending to sean when he sees his father and his teacher shack up together in a hotel room ? '' 
 ryan struggled to contain his temper . 
 `` i reserved a suite with adjoining bedrooms . 
 sean and i would occupy one and you the other . '' 
 `` okay , so you have an answer for the sleeping arrangements . 
 what about the three of us going away together ? 
 what are we telling sean ? 
 that we 're a couple and a family ? '' 
 his gray eyes bore into her . 
 `` we could be , kelly . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no , we ca n't , ryan . 
 not without love . 
 and if there 's no love then you , me and sean will never become a family . '' 
 the seconds ticked off in silence before kelly turned and walked out of the schoolhouse , leaving ryan staring at where she had been . 
 reaching into the pocket of her jeans , she pulled out her keys . 
 the lights were still on in the building when she drove away , tears blurring her vision . 
 she loved ryan . 
 loved him so much it pained her to be in the same room with him . 
 and she was realistic to know that he was drawn to her because of sean . 
 she 'd confessed to wanting to become a mother , and he needed a mother for his son . 
 what was so ironic was that she and ryan could both get wanted they wanted if only he told her that he loved her . 
 kelly maneuvered her car into the winding driveway to her sister 's home , parking behind a late-model sedan bearing new york plates . 
 her parents had arrived before she had . 
 she retrieved a bag from the trunk , leaving it open , then made her way up the steps to the wraparound porch . 
 the inner door stood open , and she peered through the screen door . 
 she tried the door , finding it locked . 
 ringing the bell , she waited for someone to answer it . 
 a smile crinkled the skin around her eyes she spied her brother-in-law striding toward her with a coal-black ball of fur at his heels . 
 `` hey , leo . '' 
 he unlocked the door and held it open . 
 `` hey , yourself . '' 
 he kissed her cheek . 
 `` you look good , kelly . '' 
 he sniffed her neck . 
 `` and you smell nice for someone hanging out with horses . '' 
 she returned the kiss , his neatly barbered beard grazing her lips . 
 `` not only am i hanging with horses , but i 'm learning to ride . '' 
 `` i 'd willingly bet a week 's salary to see you clinging to the back of a horse . '' 
 `` hold on to your wallet , because you 'll lose . 
 i sit a horse , not cling to it . '' 
 `` ouch , '' he teased . 
 `` let me take your bag up to your room . '' 
 kelly tightened her grip on the leather handles . 
 `` i can carry it . 
 you can get the carton in my car . 
 i left the trunk open . '' 
 tall , handsome and with a smooth-shaven head , leo porter wagged a finger . 
 `` you know you 're not supposed to bring anything . '' 
 because of their careers and active social life the porters had made it a practice to cater their parties . 
 `` oh , well , '' she crooned . 
 `` then i 'll just take the wine back to blackstone farms with me . '' 
 leo hugged her . 
 `` where did you find it ? '' 
 `` in a quaint little store not too far from lexington . '' 
 kelly smiled down at the puppy licking her toes . 
 `` who is this ? '' 
 `` that 's miss porter . 
 pam and i call her poe-poe . 
 we got her a week ago . '' 
 `` is she paper trained ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 pam would n't have a dog in her house unless it was trained . '' 
 bending , kelly scooped the puppy up . 
 `` hello , miss porter . '' 
 the poodle pup yipped and wiggled . 
 `` okay , i 'll put you down . '' 
 she placed the dog on the floor and she took off , her feet slipping out from under her on the highly waxed wood floor . 
 she rolled several feet before regaining her footing . 
 `` i 'll meet you in the back , '' kelly said as she walked through the entryway of the spacious colonial . 
 it took less than fifteen minutes to unpack , wash her face and brush her hair . 
 as she secured it in a ponytail , she made a mental note to call the salon she had visited when living in d.c. to make an appointment . 
 she skipped down the carpeted staircase and made her way through the modern kitchen to a door leading to the porters ' expansive backyard . 
 camille sat on a chair , her silver-haired head covered by a wide straw hat , laughing at something her first cousin had said to her . 
 her clear-brown eyes widened as she spied kelly . 
 holding out her arms , she stood up . 
 kelly walked over to her mother and sank into her comforting embrace . 
 `` hi , mama . '' 
 pulling back and holding kelly at arm 's length , camille nodded . 
 `` you look wonderful kelly . 
 look at your baby , horace , '' she called to her husband who was engrossed in a chess game . 
 pushing back his chair , he pointed a finger at his brother-in-law . 
 `` do n't you breathe until i get back , '' he warned . 
 turning , horace andrews turned the brilliance of his smile on his youngest daughter . 
 `` hello , daddy , '' kelly said before she kissed his rounded cheek . 
 resting a hand over his belly , she whispered , `` you need to go on a diet . '' 
 horace grimaced . 
 `` not only do you look like your mother , but now you 're beginning to sound like her . '' 
 `` but you 're sixty , daddy - '' `` i happen to know how old i am , '' he countered , cutting her off . 
 `` your mother haunts and nags me constantly about losing weight . 
 and i will . '' 
 `` when , daddy ? '' 
 `` when i get to be a grandfather , '' he countered with a wide grin . 
 `` stop it , daddy ! 
 you and mama have to stop this insanity about becoming grandparents or it will never happen . '' 
 `` pamela and leo would rather get a dog than have a baby . '' 
 he 'd spat out the word . 
 `` that 's their choice and their business . '' 
 she had enunciated each word . 
 horace andrews mumbled under his breath about what his children could do with their choices . 
 patting his arm , she said softly , `` go back to your game . 
 i want to speak to cousin flora . '' 
 pamela lay on the pillow next to kelly the way they 'd done when they were growing up together . 
 `` how are you and your blackstone ? '' 
 turning on the side and facing pamela , kelly rested her head on her folded arm . 
 people would never take her and pamela for sisters , because they looked nothing alike . 
 her older sister was the image of their paternal grandmother : petite , delicate features , black curly hair and sable coloring . 
 `` his name is ryan . 
 we 're doing all right . '' 
 `` just all right ? '' 
 kelly lifted her left shoulder . 
 `` we see each other on fridays and spend the night together . 
 we usually get back to the farm before noon on saturday . '' 
 pamela 's waxed eyebrows wrinkled . 
 `` you 're sleeping together off the property ? '' 
 `` he has a four-year-old son who just happens to be my student . '' 
 pamela mouth formed a perfect o. `` i see where you 're coming from . '' 
 she gave kelly a long , penetrating stare . 
 `` you 're in love with him , are n't you ? '' 
 `` am i that transparent ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's just that you seem so calm - at peace with yourself . '' 
 kelly wanted to tell pamela she was wrong . 
 what she was feeling was n't serenity , but turmoil . 
 she wanted to tell ryan that she loved him , but balked each time she lay in his arms . 
 and she did love him enough to marry him and bear his children . 
 all he had to do was open his mouth and ask her . 
 ryan 's hand flailed out as he tried brushing away whatever it was crawling over his cheek . 
 he moaned and turned over onto his belly . 
 seconds later a sliver of ice trickled down his spine and he sprang off the bed , his hands bunched into fists , but was rendered immobile by an arm around his throat , cutting off his breath . 
 `` you still have good reflexes for an old man , '' a familiar voice whispered in his ear . 
 `` dammit , jeremy ! '' 
 jeremy blackstone released ryan 's throat and stepped back quickly as his older brother swung at him . 
 grinning , he winked . 
 he had anticipated his reaction . 
 ryan stood in the middle of his bedroom , muscular arms crossed over his bare chest . 
 it had been more than a year since he 'd seen jeremy . 
 he did n't look any older , but there was something about him that communicated danger . 
 as an undercover agent for the drug enforcement administration it was obvious that he had become as hardened and dangerous as the criminals he sought to bring to justice . 
 `` how did you get in ? '' 
 he was certain he had locked the door before he retired for the night . 
 jeremy lifted a thick black eyebrow . 
 `` i picked the lock . '' 
 `` you 're nothing more than a legal thug . '' 
 `` you should try it . 
 thug life ai n't too bad . '' 
 `` no thanks . 
 do you mind if i put some clothes on ? '' 
 shrugging his broad shoulders , jeremy moved over and sat in an armchair . 
 `` it does n't bother me what you wear . 
 you happen not to be my type . '' 
 crossing the bedroom , ryan opened a drawer and took out a pair of boxers . 
 he slipped into them and walked over and sat down on a matching chair opposite his brother . 
 jeremy 's pitch-black hair was longer than he had seen it in years . 
 pulled back off his forehead and secured in a ponytail on his nape , the style provided an unfettered view of his striking olive-brown face with a pair of high cheek bones , aquiline nose , firm mouth , short dark beard and dove-gray eyes . 
 diamond studs glittered in each ear . 
 ryan knew jeremy had had his ears pierced when on an undercover assignment in south america , but this was the first time he could recall him wearing earrings at blackstone farms . 
 `` how long are you staying ? '' 
 `` i 'm out of here tomorrow night . '' 
 `` that only gives you one day . 
 why do you bother to come if you ca n't stay for more than a day ? '' 
 jeremy frowned . 
 `` now , you sound like pop . '' 
 `` that 's because he 's right , jeremy . 
 once you become a father you 'll understand how he feels when he does n't hear from you for months . 
 and he has no way of knowing whether you 're dead or alive . '' 
 `` that 's because he refuses to accept what i 've chosen to do with my life . '' 
 `` he does n't have to accept your career . 
 all he has to do is accept you as his son . 
 a son he loves , a son he worries about . 
 and maybe even a son who may one day claim his rightful place at blackstone farms . '' 
 jeremy leaned over , resting his elbows on his knees . 
 `` read my lips , ryan . 
 i do n't do horses . 
 i do n't know what has pop all bent out of shape . 
 you 're a brilliant veterinarian rumored to be able to raise horses from the dead . '' 
 ryan 's eyebrows lowered as he glared at jeremy . 
 `` this is not a joke . '' 
 jeremy sobered quickly . 
 `` i might know horses , but you 're the one with the business background . 
 pop has been running this farm for a long time , and even though he 's not complaining i know he 's tired . 
 before i left to teach at tuskegee i picked up some the slack , but since i 've been back i realize that it takes more than one person to run a farm this size . '' 
 jeremy swore under his breath . 
 `` please do n't pressure me , ryan . 
 i 'm not ready to stop doing what i 'm doing . '' 
 `` i 'm not asking you to stop . 
 i 'm just asking you to consider your options . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll think about it . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 ryan stood up and extended his hand . 
 he was n't disappointed when jeremy grasped it . 
 `` why do n't you bed down in the room next to sean 's ? '' 
 jeremy shook his head . 
 `` i 'd rather sleep in my own place . '' 
 `` it has n't been aired out . '' 
 `` that 's all right . '' 
 he stood up , stretching his six-foot-three height . 
 `` i 've slept in worse conditions . '' 
 and he had . 
 `` if i 'm not up by eight , then come and get me . 
 other than missing you , pop and sean , the thing i miss the most is cook 's pancakes . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 ryan glanced at the clock on his bedside table . 
 it was a few minutes past four . 
 it was too early to get up , but he knew he would n't be able to go back to sleep . 
 walking over to the window , he peered out through the screen . 
 the odor of spent fireworks lingered in the early-morning air . 
 sheldon had hired a professional fireworks company to put on a dazzling display of brilliant color for the children who lay on blankets with their parents , staring up at the sky while cheering and applauding each explosion . 
 sean kept asking him whether miss kelly could see the color from where she was . 
 ryan told him he did n't believe she could , but his son mentioning her name made their separation even more acute . 
 turning on his heel , he made his way into an adjoining bathroom to shave and shower . 
 kelly felt as if she had truly come home once she crossed the property line leading to blackstone farms . 
 she spied the flagpole with the american flag flying atop the black and red one that represented the farm 's silks . 
 the flags hung limply in the falling rain . 
 she had had a fun-filled relaxing weekend with her family . 
 she went to bed late , slept in even later and generally did not do anything more strenuous than shift a lounger to a shaded area whenever the sun burned her exposed skin . 
 sighing audibly , kelly maneuvered under the carport beside her bungalow . 
 recurring thunderstorms with torrential downpours had slowed her return trip . 
 she switched off the wipers , lights and the engine . 
 pushing open the door , she inhaled the smell of wet earth . 
 walking the short distance to the porch , she mounted the stairs . 
 she caught movement out of the corner of her eye and froze . 
 rising from the love seat in the shadows was the outline of a man . 
 the scent of a familiar cologne wafted in her nostrils . 
 it was ryan . 
 he had waited for her to come home . 
 `` ryan ? '' 
 `` yes , princess . '' 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 he had n't moved out of the shadows . 
 `` i was waiting to welcome you back to our home . '' 
 `` this is your home , ryan . '' 
 `` it could be yours if you want it to be . '' 
 her breath caught in her lungs . 
 what did he mean ? 
 what was he trying to tell her ? 
 shifting , she tried making out his expression but failed . 
 it was too dark . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` what is there to understand ? '' 
 he asked instead of answering her question . 
 he took two long strides , bringing him inches from her . 
 `` i want you to stay here - forever . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` that 's not possible , ryan . '' 
 his hand touched the side of her face . 
 the smell of his cologne mingled with that of his laundered shirt . 
 `` yes , it is , princess . 
 it 's possible if you marry me . '' 
 she could n't move or speak . 
 the word she longed to tell him was lodged in the back of her throat , refusing to come out . 
 she wanted so much to tell him yes ; yes she would marry him ; yes she would become the mother sean never had ; yes she would be honored to have his babies . 
 she would say yes to everything , but not without his declaration of love . 
 `` i ca n't , '' she whispered instead . 
 `` is he still in your heart ? '' 
 ryan snapped . 
 `` is a dead man still standing between us ? 
 i 'm not asking you to forget simeon , darling . '' 
 his voice was softer , calm . 
 `` all i want is for you to let me in . '' 
 `` you 're in , ryan . 
 how i feel about you has nothing to do with simeon . '' 
 `` then what is it ? '' 
 looping her arms around his waist , she laid her head against his chest , and listened the strong pumping of his heart under her ear . 
 `` love . '' 
 `` love ? '' 
 he repeated . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` you think i do n't love you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know what to think , ryan , because you 've never told me that you loved me . '' 
 he swung her up in his arms . 
 `` of course i love you , kelly . 
 do you think i would ask you to marry me if i did n't love you ? '' 
 she buried her face against his warm throat . 
 `` i was waiting for you to tell me you loved me before i told you how i felt about you . '' 
 `` well , i 'm waiting . '' 
 tightening her hold around his neck , she pressed her mouth to his . 
 `` i love you , ryan blackstone . '' 
 his smile was dazzling . 
 `` thank you , my darling . 
 now , is n't there something else you want to say to me ? '' 
 `` nope , '' she said sassily . 
 `` give me your keys , kelly . '' 
 `` what 's the magic word ? '' 
 `` please . '' 
 the word was forced out between his teeth . 
 she placed her keys in his outstretched palm , holding onto his neck while he unlocked the door . 
 shifting her body , he flipped a wall switch , turning on the table lamp in the parlor . 
 ryan looked at kelly , his eyes widening in surprise . 
 she had cut her hair . 
 soft curls were brushed off her forehead and over her ears . 
 `` you look incredible . '' 
 a blush burned her cheeks . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he dropped a kiss on the top of her head . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 she met his gaze , smiling . 
 the love she saw radiating from the sooty orbs made her want to cry . 
 he loved her ! 
 he loved her and she loved him . 
 kelly closed her eyes and inhaled deeply . 
 `` yes , ryan . 
 yes , i will marry you and become mother to our children . '' 
 ryan carried her across the parlor and he walked into kelly 's bedroom for the first time . 
 the time for hiding his love for her ended the moment she 'd accepted his marriage proposal . 
 he had loved and lost and so had she , but it was time for new beginnings . 
 he knew he could not replace the memory of her first husband and did not want to . 
 what they would create would be new memories to reminiscence about whenever they watched a future generation of blackstones lie on the grass and gasp in awe at fourth of july fireworks . 
 bending slightly , he lowered kelly until her feet touched the coolness of the wood floor . 
 she walked over to a bedside table and turned on a lamp . 
 the space was flooded with soft golden light that illuminated an exquisite sleigh bed and towering armoire . 
 the soft colors of lemon yellow and lime-green were predominant . 
 the bedroom was romantic and feminine - just like the woman he had fallen in love with . 
 `` it ends tonight , princess . 
 no more making love in hideaway places . 
 no more pretending that my only contact with you is because you 're sean 's teacher . '' 
 raising her hand , kelly beckoned ryan closer . 
 she stared up at him as he walked over to her . 
 she placed her hands in the middle of his chest . 
 `` i want this night to be special , so special that i will remember it for the rest of my life . '' 
 ryan wanted to tell her that what was to occur between them would be only one of many more special nights to come . 
 there would be their wedding night , the night they 'd celebrate their first wedding anniversary , the tenth , twentieth , thirtieth , fiftieth , the birth of their first child and the others he hoped they would have . 
 his hands covered her back , burning her flesh through her cotton blouse . 
 pulling her closer , he lowered his head and tasted her mouth . 
 her lips parted and his tongue mated with hers , plunging and pulling back , as he simulated making love to her . 
 kelly writhed against ryan in an attempt to get even closer . 
 it had taken only three days away from him to make her crave him . 
 how had she existed every sunday through thursday not having him touch her ? 
 his hands moved lower , cupping her hips and allowing her to feel the solid bulge in his jeans . 
 his hardness electrified her as she moaned and exhaled into his open mouth . 
 ryan forced himself to go slow . 
 he wanted to prolong their coming together as long as possible . 
 he caught the tip of her tongue between his teeth and sucked gently while pulling it into his mouth . 
 kelly moaned in protest , but he refused to let her go . 
 he sucked a little harder and suddenly she went pliant in his arms . 
 he had to release her tongue when he swept her up in his arms and placed her on the bed . 
 moving over her body , his lips seared a hot path down her neck and under her ears . 
 his hands went to the buttons on her blouse . 
 suddenly fingers that were trained to perform the most delicate surgical procedures were heavy and clumsy . 
 placing both hands at the neckline , he pulled at the fabric . 
 it parted , buttons flying in every direction . 
 the sight of her dark nipples showing through the sheer fabric of her white bra was his undoing . 
 ryan did not remember undressing kelly or himself . 
 what he did remember was sliding down the length of her body and drinking deeply from between her legs . 
 he remembered turning her over and running his tongue down the length of her spine and over the curve of her hips . 
 he remembered tasting and sampling every inch of her fragrant body as her moans of pleasure echoed his labored breathing . 
 it was when he guided his swollen flesh into her hot , wet pulsing flesh that he forgot everything . 
 slipping his hands under her hips , he held her as he pushed into her again and again . 
 kelly gloried in the hard body atop hers . 
 her breasts tingled against his hair-roughened chest , whenever she arched to meet his downward thrusts . 
 she trailed her fingernails up and down ryan 's back , eliciting deep groans from him . 
 without warning , he reversed position . 
 she almost toppled off the bed with the sudden motion , but he caught her around the waist , holding her protectively . 
 a smile curved her mouth . 
 he knew it was a position she favored because it allowed for deeper penetration and for her to set the pace for their coming together . 
 leaning back , she closed her eyes and established a slow rocking motion that mimicked her riding a horse . 
 ryan 's hardness touched the walls of her womb , and she screamed out her climax , shaking uncontrollably as her screams became soft moans of satisfaction . 
 spent , she collapsed to his damp chest . 
 the muscles in ryan 's neck strained ; he struggled not to pour out his passions into her hot body . 
 waves of ecstasy throbbed through him like blood rushing through veins , carrying precious oxygen to the heart . 
 he tried holding back but the rush of desire seized him and sent him hurtling into a dimension where he experienced free-fall for the first time in his life . 
 they lay together , still joined , and waited until their respiration slowed enough for them to breathe without gasping . 
 their coming together was special ; the night was special . 
 kelly moved , shifting until her legs were sandwiched between ryan 's . 
 the odor of their lovemaking blended with the perfume and cologne on their bodies . 
 resting her check on his breastbone , she sighed softly , knowing she would never forget a single detail of this joining . 
 ryan ran his fingers through her short hair . 
 `` when do you want marry , darling ? '' 
 raising her head , she met his gaze . 
 `` how about a month from now ? '' 
 `` you want to wait that long ? '' 
 `` that 's not long , ryan . '' 
 `` for me it is . '' 
 `` are n't you forgetting about sean ? '' 
 ryan 's forehead furrowed . 
 `` what about him ? '' 
 `` he needs time to get used to me sharing his father with him . '' 
 `` sean is crazy about you . '' 
 `` that may be true , but we 'll still need a period of adjustment . 
 right now he sees me as his teacher , not his mother . '' 
 `` what do you want him to call you ? '' 
 `` that will be up to him . '' 
 holding hands , they planned their upcoming nuptials . 
 kelly told ryan she wanted to be married at blackstone farms . 
 she expressed a desire have her sister as her matron of honor , while ryan said he would ask sheldon to stand in as his best man . 
 `` i have someone i want you to meet , '' he said cryptically . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` my brother . '' 
 kelly sat up . 
 `` he 's here now ? '' 
 ryan nodded . 
 `` he 's leaving tomorrow night . '' 
 she wanted to meet the other blackstone son - the one who had partnered ryan during their adolescent mishaps . 
 `` is it possible to meet him now , because i 've made plans to take the children into town for a puppet show tomorrow . '' 
 sitting up , ryan swung his legs over the side of the bed . 
 `` sure . '' 
 kelly moved off the bed , smiling . 
 `` race you to the shower . '' 
 she had n't taken more than two steps when ryan caught her around her waist , swept her off her feet and carried her over his shoulder into the bathroom . 
 kelly felt a shiver of apprehension as she walked up the porch steps to sheldon 's home . 
 it was only the second time she had entered the spacious structure . 
 the first time had been for her interview . 
 what had caught her attention during that visit was a quartet of curio cabinets filled with trophies , mementoes and faded photographs of black jockeys dating back to the mid-nineteenth century . 
 sheldon had proudly revealed that of the fifteen jockeys at the first kentucky derby at churchill downs in louisiana in 1875 , fourteen were black . 
 oliver lewis , riding aristides , became the first black to win the derby . 
 however , it was isaac murphy who was considered to be one of the greatest jockeys in u.s. racing history . 
 she followed ryan through a formal dining room into a smaller room where she had sat while sheldon had questioned her about her credentials and experience . 
 her gaze met and fused with a pair of gray eyes that reminded her of sheldon and ryan 's . 
 whereas ryan 's eyes reminded her of lightning , jeremy 's made her think of a cloaking fog . 
 he stood up , his gaze narrowing . 
 seconds later , sheldon also stood up . 
 ryan curved an arm around kelly 's waist , the action communicating protection and possession . 
 the gesture was not lost on sheldon . 
 `` ah , miss kelly . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` good evening , sheldon . '' 
 a mysterious smile curved ryan 's mouth . 
 `` jeremy , this is miss kelly andrews , my fiancee . '' 
 he ignored his father 's gasp . 
 `` kelly , my brother and former partner in crime , jeremy . '' 
 `` when ... when did you two decide this ? '' 
 sheldon sputtered . 
 jeremy leaned over and kissed kelly 's cheek . 
 `` welcome to the family . 
 do n't say i did n't warn you , but you 're about to have the ride of your life , '' he added , whispering in her ear . 
 she smiled at jeremy , deciding she liked him . 
 there was no doubt he and ryan were brothers because they looked so much alike . 
 but that 's where the similarity ended . 
 there was something about jeremy that was overtly dangerous . 
 a sixth sense told her he was a magnet for trouble . 
 sheldon pursed his lips , whistling loudly . 
 everyone went completely still . 
 three pairs of eyes were fixed on him . 
 `` will someone please tell me if there 's going to be a wedding ? '' 
 ryan smiled . 
 `` yes , pop , there 's going to be a wedding . 
 kelly and i plan to marry sometime next month . '' 
 sheldon crossed his arms over his chest in a gesture kelly had seen ryan affect so many times . 
 `` i 'll say it again . 
 when did you decide this ? '' 
 `` tonight , '' kelly said in a quiet voice . 
 sheldon 's expression was impassive . 
 `` are you sure you want to marry my son and spend the rest of your life on a horse farm ? '' 
 `` pop ! '' 
 ryan 's voice bounced off the walls . 
 kelly caught his arm , feeling tension tightening the muscles . 
 `` it 's all right , darling . '' 
 jeremy and sheldon exchanged glances at the endearment . 
 giving sheldon a direct stare , she said , `` the answer is yes to both questions . 
 i will marry ryan , and i plan to spend the rest of my life living on a horse farm raising our children to love this land and honor the heritage left them by their ancestors . '' 
 `` boo-yaw ! '' 
 sheldon yelled , pumping his fist in the air . 
 ryan and jeremy howled , slapping each other 's back while shouting , `` boo-yaw ! '' 
 `` this calls for a celebratory drink , '' sheldon said as he made his way over to a liquor cabinet . 
 he took out a bottle of aged bourbon . 
 `` i 've been saving this for a long time . 
 the last time this old girl and i danced together was the day i became a grandfather . '' 
 he gave kelly a level stare . 
 `` you are able to imbibe , are n't you ? '' 
 at first she did not understand his question , but realization dawned . 
 he probably thought the reason she and ryan had planned to marry so quickly was because she was pregnant . 
 `` yes , i am . '' 
 `` daddy ? 
 are you having a party ? '' 
 everyone turned to find sean standing in the doorway , rubbing his eyes . 
 he was dressed in a pair of lightweight cotton pajamas . 
 it was apparent the loud voices had awakened him . 
 ryan smiled at sean . 
 `` yes . 
 come in . '' 
 sean padded barefoot into the den , and found himself cradled in his father 's arms . 
 `` we 're celebrating because miss kelly and i are going to be married . '' 
 sean 's eyes widened with this disclosure . 
 `` she ... she 's going to be my mama ? '' 
 pressing a kiss to his son 's forehead , ryan said , `` yes , she is . '' 
 his eyes sparkled . 
 `` she 's going to be my mama and my teacher ? '' 
 ryan nodded . 
 `` yes . '' 
 pumping his fist like he 'd seen his grandfather do , he crowed , `` boo-yaw ! '' 
 kelly doubled over in laughter , unable to stop until tears rolled down her cheeks . 
 jeremy was right . 
 she was in for a wild ride - one she looked forward to taking over and over again . 
 sheldon and jeremy raised snifters filled with an ounce of premium bourbon and toasted ryan and kelly . 
 sean , standing between his grandfather and uncle , lifted his glass of apple juice . 
 `` to daddy and my new mama , '' he said , giggling . 
 kelly felt her eyes fill . 
 blinking , she smiled through her tears . 
 `` thank you , sean . '' 
 she touched her glass to sean 's , ryan 's , jeremy 's and finally sheldon 's . 
 she took a sip , holding the liquor in her mouth for several seconds before letting it slide down the back of her throat . 
 it detonated on impact . 
 `` whoa ! '' 
 she gasped . 
 sheldon nodded his approval . 
 `` see why this old girl only comes to the dance every few years ? '' 
 jeremy also gasped , holding his throat . 
 `` boo-ahhh ! '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` ditto , '' ryan added after swallowing . 
 he placed his glass on a sideboard . 
 `` that 's enough of that . '' 
 reaching for the bottle , jeremy studied the label . 
 `` i 've never heard of this brand . 
 pop , are you certain this stuff is n't moonshine ? '' 
 sheldon shook his head . 
 `` i never thought my boys would grow up to be such sissies . '' 
 he drained his glass , reached for sean , and swung him up in his arms . 
 cradling his grandson 's head to his shoulder , he whispered loudly , `` it 's time for the men of the house to turn in for the night . '' 
 he blew a kiss at kelly as he strode out of the room . 
 jeremy walked over to kelly and hugged her . 
 `` congratulations again . 
 i 'm with pop and sean . 
 i 'm going to bed . '' 
 he patted ryan 's shoulder . 
 `` all the best , brother . '' 
 waiting until they were alone , ryan curved his arms around kelly 's waist . 
 `` i want you to come back to my place with me . 
 i 'd like to show you something . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 he flashed a mysterious smile . 
 `` you 'll see . '' 
 kelly found herself in the middle of the living room of a house that was soon to become her home . 
 the two-story , three-bedroom structure was the equivalent of one city block away from the ones occupied by sheldon and jeremy . 
 ryan had informed her that his father had first taken up residence in the house after he 'd returned from a tour of duty in vietnam . 
 the furnishings were formal and elegant . 
 every chair , table and lamp was meticulously positioned as if for a magazine layout . 
 it was perfect , a little too perfect . 
 a slight frown appeared between her eyes . 
 there was something wrong with the room . 
 suddenly it hit her ! 
 it did n't look lived in . 
 staring at a sofa and matching love seat , kelly mentally catalogued what she would rearrange . 
 firstly she would take down the drapes and replace them with a lighter weight fabric to let in the natural light . 
 walking over the fireplace , she studied the framed photographs lining the mantel . 
 smiling , she recognized a younger sheldon in a united states army uniform with his young smiling bride . 
 peering closely at the picture , she noted julia blackstone 's natural beauty . 
 ryan had inherited her smile . 
 there were photographs of ryan and jeremy as children , and more of sean at different ages . 
 nowhere was there a photograph of sean 's mother . 
 it was if she 'd been completely erased from his life . 
 she heard footfalls , and turned around . 
 ryan had returned , holding a small wooden box . 
 he cupped her elbow , leading her over to sit on the sofa . 
 he placed the box on her lap . 
 `` open it . '' 
 she sprang a latch , the lid opening . 
 staring back at her on a bed of black velvet was a solitaire ring with a large square-cut blue-white diamond ; along with the ring was a pair of drop south sea pearl earrings dangling from a diamond cluster , and a bangle of diamond baguettes . 
 `` they are beautiful , ryan . '' 
 `` they belonged to my great-grandmother . 
 my mother gave them to me a month before she died . 
 she wanted me to give them to my wife . '' 
 she gave him an incredulous look . 
 `` why did n't you give them to sean 's mother ? '' 
 his expression was impassive . 
 `` i 'd offered them to her , but she said she did n't want someone else 's hand-me-downs . 
 the pieces in that box were purchased from cartier between 1917 and 1919 . '' 
 she picked up the bangle . 
 `` it 's heavy . '' 
 `` that 's because all of the pieces are set in platinum . '' 
 `` what about jeremy ? '' 
 `` do n't worry , princess . 
 jeremy was given his share . '' 
 reaching around her , ryan picked up the box with the jewelry . 
 he took the ring and slipped it on the third finger of kelly 's left hand . 
 it was a perfect fit . 
 she extended her hand . 
 the light from a floor lamp caught the diamond , prisms of light catching and radiating from the flawless gem . 
 ryan curved an arm around kelly 's shoulders when she rested her head on his shoulder . 
 `` we 're going to have to choose a date . '' 
 `` what about the last weekend in august . '' 
 `` how about the first weekend ? '' 
 he countered . 
 easing back , she stared at him . 
 `` that 's only three weeks away . '' 
 `` i know . 
 we can go up to saratoga springs , new york before the summer racing season ends . 
 i know it 's not much of a honeymoon , but i 'd like to take you away , even if it 's only for a weekend . 
 we can take a real honeymoon during the christmas break . '' 
 `` how long is the racing season ? '' 
 `` six weeks . '' 
 kelly wondered if she could pull everything together in three weeks . 
 she had to send out invitations , get a dress and select a ring for ryan . 
 `` okay , '' she agreed , kissing his cheek . 
 `` i 'm going back to d.c. at the end of the week to get my sister to help me with invitations . 
 and while i 'm there i 'll do some shopping . '' 
 ryan pulled her across his lap . 
 `` if you need help with anything , just let me know . '' 
 she nuzzled his neck , breathing a kiss under his ear . 
 `` you need to take me back to my place . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he crooned . 
 `` because i have to go to sleep , ryan . 
 i 'm going need all of my energy for my students tomorrow . '' 
 `` sleep here tonight . '' 
 `` no . 
 not until we 're married . '' 
 pulling back he stared at her . 
 `` do n't tell me i 'm marrying an old-fashioned girl ? '' 
 `` i 'm more conservative than old-fashioned . 
 that comes from working with young children . 
 after all , they learn from example . '' 
 kelly had no way of knowing that when she answered an ad for a teaching position on a horse farm she would find a love that promised forever . 
 kelly slept restlessly throughout the night , and when she left her bed at six she felt as if she had been up all night . 
 she brewed a small carafe of coffee , drank several cups , then dialed the area code for d.c. pamela answered the phone with a cheery , `` good morning . '' 
 `` pamela , this is kelly . '' 
 there came a pause . 
 `` what 's with the pamela ? '' 
 `` i have good news to tell you . '' 
 `` when are you due ? '' 
 `` i 'm not pregnant ! '' 
 she practically shouted . 
 well , she did n't think she was pregnant . 
 when she and ryan had made love the night before he had n't used a condom . 
 squinting she calculated when she 'd last had her period . 
 sighing , she realized she was safe . 
 `` i 'm getting married in three weeks here at the farm , and i 'm going to need your help with addressing invitations and shopping for a dress . '' 
 pamela screamed at the top of her lungs , eliciting a frantic barking from miss porter . 
 `` i ca n't believe it , '' she said over and over . 
 a loud sniffle came through the earpiece . 
 `` dang , kel . 
 i ca n't believe i 'm crying and souping snot at the same time . 
 wait until i blow my nose . '' 
 `` pamela ? '' 
 kelly said into the receiver when a full minute elapsed without her sister coming back to the phone . 
 `` i 'm back . 
 i had to tell leo the good news . '' 
 `` i 'm coming in this weekend . '' 
 `` is there anything you want me to do on this end in the meantime ? 
 `` yes . 
 i need you to use your artistic talents and design an invitation for me . 
 i have to get ryan 's full name and the directions to blackstone farms . 
 and you and i have to do some serious shopping in chevy chase . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` ryan and i are going up to saratoga springs next month for a weekend . '' 
 `` now , miss clotheshorse , you 're singing my song . '' 
 kelly laughed . 
 she and pamela had gotten their love of shopping from their mother . 
 for camille it was hats , pamela handbags and kelly 's weakness was shoes . 
 `` i 'm going to call mama and give her the news as soon as i hang up with you . '' 
 `` kel ? '' 
 `` yes , pam . '' 
 `` i 'm so happy for you . '' 
 `` thanks , big sis . '' 
 she rang off and dialed her mother 's number . 
 the call lasted less than five minutes , and when she hung up it was kelly 's turn to shed tears of joy . 
 a portable stage had been set up under a tent large enough to accommodate the sixty invited guests and more than thirty of blackstone farms ' extended family . 
 it had rained steadily for two days , then the night before ryan blackstone was scheduled to exchange vows with kelly andrews , but after the rain had stopped , a strong wind swept the clouds across the sky to reveal an orange-yellow near-full moon . 
 kelly stood beside ryan , eyes closed , repeating her vows . 
 she was afraid that if she looked at him she would n't be able to hold back her tears . 
 her hands were trembling as she slipped a platinum and yellow gold band on ryan 's finger . 
 she heard the judge telling ryan he could kiss his bride , and her world stood still as she felt the pressure of his firm lips on hers , sealing their troth . 
 it was over . 
 she was now mrs. ryan jackson blackstone . 
 ryan pulled kelly closer , her soft curves melding with the hardness of his body . 
 he 'd run the race and won the ultimate prize . 
 `` did n't i warn you , mrs. blackstone ? '' 
 `` about what ? '' 
 she whispered against his warm mouth . 
 `` that i play for keeps . '' 
 her smile was as dazzling as the sun warming the earth . 
 `` so , do i , mr. blackstone . '' 
 turning they faced all of the people who had come to witness another generation of blackstones solidifying their place in virginia 's horse country 's history . 
