 it happened at rashel 's birthday party , the day she turned five years old . 
 `` can we go in the tubes ? '' 
 she was having her birthday at a carnival and it had the biggest climbing structure of tubes and slides she had ever seen . 
 her mother smiled . 
 `` okay , kitten , but take care of timmy . 
 he 's not as fast as you are . '' 
 they were the last words her mother ever said to her . 
 rashel did n't have to be told , though . 
 she always took care of timmy : he was a whole month younger than she was , and he was n't even going to kindergarten next year . 
 he had silky black hair , blue eyes , and a very sweet smile . 
 rashel had dark hair , too , but her eyes were green-green as emeralds , mommy always said . 
 green as a cat 's . 
 as they climbed through the tubes she kept glancing back at him , and when they got to a long row of vinyl-padded stairs-slippery and easy to slide off of-she held out a hand to help him up . 
 timmy beamed at her , his tilted blue eyes shining with adoration . 
 when they had both crawled to the top of the stairs , rashel let go of his hand . 
 she was heading toward the spider web , a big room made entirely of rope and net . 
 every so often she glanced through a fish-bowl window in one of the tubes and saw her mother waving at her from below . 
 but then another mother came to talk to hers and rashel stopped looking out . 
 parents never seemed to be able to talk and wave at the same time . 
 she concentrated on getting through the tubes , which smelled like plastic with a hint of old socks . 
 she pretended she was a rabbit in a tunnel . 
 and she kept an eye on timmy-until they got to the base of the spider web . 
 it was far in the back of the climbing structure . 
 there were no other kids around , big or little , and almost no noise . 
 a white rope with knots at regular intervals stretched above rashel , higher and higher , leading to the web itself . 
 `` okay , you stay here , and i 'll go up and see how you do it , '' she said to timmy . 
 this was a sort of fib . 
 the truth was that she did n't think timmy could make it , and if she waited for him , neither of them would get up . 
 `` no , i do n't want you to go without me , '' timmy said . 
 there was a touch of anxiety in his voice . 
 `` it 's oilly going to take a second , '' rashel said . 
 she knew what he was afraid of , and she added , `` no big kids are going to come and push you . '' 
 timmy still looked doubtful . 
 rashel said thoughtfully , `` do n't you want ice cream cake when we get back to my house ? '' 
 it was n't even a veiled threat . 
 timmy looked confused , then sighed heavily and nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll wait . '' 
 and those were the last words rashel heard him say . 
 she climbed the rope . 
 it was even harder than she 'd thought it would be , but when she got to the top it was wonderful . 
 the whole world was a squiggly moving mass of netting . 
 she had to hang on with both hands to keep her balance and try to curl her feet around the rough quivering lengths of cable . 
 she could feel the air and sunlight . 
 she laughed with exhilaration and bounced , looking at the colored plastic tubes all around her . 
 when she looked back down for timmy , he was gone . 
 rashel 's stomach tensed . 
 he had to be there . 
 he 'd promised to wait . 
 but he was n't . 
 she could see the entire padded room below the spider web from here , and it was empty . 
 okay , he must have gone back through the tubes . 
 rashel made her way , staggering and swaying , from one handhold to another until she got to the rope . 
 then she climbed down quickly and stuck her head in a tube , blinking in the dimness . 
 `` timmy ? '' 
 her voice was a muffled echo . 
 there was no answer and what she could see of the tube was empty . 
 `` timmy ! '' 
 rashel was getting a very bad feeling in her stomach . 
 in her head , she kept hearing her mother say , take care of timmy . 
 but she had n't taken care of him . 
 and he could be anywhere by now , lost in the giant structure , maybe crying , maybe getting shoved around by big kids . 
 maybe even going to tell her mother . 
 that was when she saw the gap in the padded room . 
 it was just big enough for a four-year-old or a very slim five-year-old to get through . 
 a space between two cushiony walls that led to the outside . 
 and rashel knew immediately that it was where timmy had gone . 
 it was like him to take the quickest way out . 
 he was probably on his way to her mother right now . 
 rashel was a very slim five-year-old . 
 she wiggled through the gap , only sticking once . 
 then she was outside , breathless in the dusty shade . 
 she was about to head toward the front of the climbing structure when she noticed the tent flap fluttering . 
 the tent was made of shiny vinyl and its red and yellow stripes were much brighter than the plastic tubes . 
 the loose flap moved in the breeze and rashel saw that anyone could just lift it and walk inside . 
 timmy would n't have gone in there , she thought . 
 it would n't be like him at all . 
 but somehow rashel had an odd feeling . 
 she stared at the flap , hesitating , smelling dust and popcorn in the air . 
 i 'm brave , she told herself , and sidled forward . 
 she pushed on the tent beside the flap to widen the gap , and she stretched her neck and peered inside . 
 it was too dark to see anything , but the smell of popcorn was stronger . 
 rashel moved farther and farther until she was actually in the tent . 
 and then her eyes adjusted and she realized that she was n't alone . 
 there was a tall man in the tent . 
 he was wearing a long light-colored trench coat , even though it was warm outside . 
 he did n't seem to notice rashel because he had something in his arms , and his head was bent down to it , and he was doing something to it . 
 and then rashel saw what he was doing and she knew that the grown-ups had lied when they said ogres and monsters and the things in fairy-tale books were n't real . 
 bating him or doing something with his teeth . 
 tearing and sucking . 
 making noises like pal did when he ate his dog food . 
 for a moment rashel was frozen . 
 the whole world had changed and everything seemed like a dream . 
 then she heard somebody screaming and her throat hurt and she knew it was her . 
 and then the tall man looked at her . 
 he lifted his head and looked . 
 and she knew that his face alone was going to give her nightmares forever . 
 not that he was ugly . 
 but he had hair as red as blood and eyes that shone gold , like an animal 's . 
 there was a light in them that was like nothing she had ever seen . 
 she ran then . 
 it was wrong to leave timmy , but she was too scared to stay . 
 she was n't brave ; she was a baby , but she could n't help it . 
 she was still screaming as she turned around and darted through the flap in the tent . 
 almost darted through . 
 her head and shoulders got outside and she saw the red plastic tubes rising above her-and then a hand clamped on the back of her gymboree shirt . 
 a big strong hand that stopped her in midflight . 
 rashel was as helpless as a baby kitten against it . 
 but just as she was dragged back into the tent , she saw something . 
 her mother . 
 her mother was coming around the corner of the climbing structure . 
 she 'd heard rashel screaming . 
 her mother 's eyes were big and her mouth was open , and she was moving fast . 
 she was coming to save rashel . 
 `` mommeeeeeeeee ! '' 
 rashel screamed , and then she was back inside the tent . 
 the man threw her to one side the way a kid at preschool would throw a piece of crumpled paper . 
 rashel landed hard and felt a pain in her leg that normally would have made her cry . 
 now she hardly noticed it . 
 she was staring at timmy , who was lying on the ground near her . 
 timmy looked strange . 
 his body was like a rag doll 's - arms and legs flopped out . 
 his skin was white . 
 his eyes were staring straight up at the top of the tent . 
 there were two big holes in his throat , with blood all around them . 
 rashel whimpered . 
 she was too frightened to scream anymore . 
 but just then she saw white daylight , and a figure in front of it . 
 mommy . 
 mommy was pulling the tent flap open . 
 mommy was inside , looking around for rashel . 
 that was when the worst thing happened . 
 the worst and the strangest , the thing the police never believed when rashel told them later . 
 rashel saw her mother 's mouth open , saw her mother looking at her , about to say something . 
 and then she heard a voice-but it was n't mommy 's voice . 
 and it was n't an out-loud voice . 
 it was inside her head . 
 wait ! 
 there 's nothing wrong here . 
 but you need to stand very , very still . 
 rashel looked at the tall man . 
 his mouth was n't moving , but the voice was his . 
 her mother was looking at him , too , and her expression was changing , becoming relaxed and ... stupid . 
 mommy was standing very , very still . 
 then the tall man hit mommy once on the side of the neck and she fell over and her head flopped the wrong way like a broken doll . 
 her dark hair was lying in the dirt . 
 rashel saw that and then everything was even more like a dream . 
 her mother was dead . 
 timmy was dead . 
 and the man was looking at her . 
 you 're not upset , came the voice in her head . 
 you 're not frightened . 
 you want to come right here . 
 rashel could feel the pull of the voice . 
 it was drawing her closer and closer . 
 it was making her still and not afraid , making her forget her mother . 
 but then she saw the tall man 's golden eyes and they were hungry . 
 and all of a sudden she remembered what he wanted to do to her . 
 not me ! 
 she jerked away from the voice and dove for the tent flap again . 
 this time she got all the way outside . 
 and she threw herself straight at the gap in the climbing structure . 
 she was thinking in a different way than she had ever thought before . 
 the rashel that had watched mommy fall was locked away in a little room inside her , crying . 
 it was a new rashel who wiggled desperately through the gap in the padded room , a smart rashel who knew that there was no point in crying because there was nobody who cared anymore . 
 mommy could n't save her , so she had to save herself . 
 she felt a hand grab her ankle , hard enough almost to crush her bones . 
 it yanked , trying to drag her back through the gap . 
 rashel kicked backward with all her strength and then twisted , and her sock came off and she pulled her leg into the padded room . 
 come back ! 
 you need to come back right now ! 
 the voice was like a teacher 's voice . 
 it was hard not to listen . 
 but rashel was already scrambling into the plastic tube in front of her . 
 she went faster than she ever had before , hurting her knees , propelling herself with her bare foot . 
 when she got to the first fish-bowl window , i though , she saw a face looking in at her . 
 it was the tall man . 
 he was staring at her . 
 he i banged on the plastic as she went by . 
 fear cracked in rashel like a belt . 
 she scrambled i faster , and the knocks on the tube followed her . 
 he was underneath her now . 
 keeping up with i her . 
 rashel passed another window and looked down . 
 she could see his hair shining in the sunlight . 
 she could see his pale face looking up at her . 
 and his eyes . 
 come down , came the voice and it was n't stem anymore . 
 it was sweet . 
 come down and we 'll go get some ice cream . 
 what kind of ice cream do you like best ? 
 rashel knew then that this was how he 'd gotten timmy into the tent . 
 she did n't even pause in her scrambling . 
 but she could n't get away from him . 
 he was traveling with her , just under her , waiting for her to come out or get to a place where he could reach in and grab her . 
 higher . 
 i need to get higher , she thought . 
 she moved instinctively , as if some sixth sense was telling her which way to turn each time she had a choice . 
 she went through angled tubes , straight tubes , tubes that were n't solid at all , but made of woven canvas strips . 
 and finally she got to a place where she could n't go any higher . 
 it was a square room with a padded floor and netting sides . 
 she was at the front of the climbing structure ; she could see mothers and fathers standing and sitting in little groups . 
 she could feel the wind . 
 below her , looking up , was the tall man . 
 chocolate brownie ? 
 mint chip ? 
 bubble gum ? 
 the voice was putting pictures in her mind . 
 tastes . 
 rashel looked around frantically . 
 there was so much noise-every kid in the climbing structure was yelling . 
 who would even notice her if she shouted ? 
 they 'd think she was joking around . 
 all you have to do is come down . 
 you know you have to come down sometime . 
 rashel looked into the pale face turned up to her . 
 the eyes were like dark holes . 
 hungry . 
 patient . 
 certain . 
 he knew he was going to get her . 
 he was going to win . 
 she had no way to fight him . 
 and then something tore inside rashel and she did the only thing a five-year-old could do against an adult . 
 she shoved her hand between the rough cords that made the netting , scraping off skin . 
 she pushed her whole small arm through and she pointed down at the tall man . 
 and she screamed in a way she 'd never screamed before . 
 piercing shrieks that cut through the happy noise of the other kids . 
 she screamed the way ms. bruce at preschool had taught her to do if any stranger ever bothered her . 
 `` help meeee ! 
 help meeee ! 
 that man tried to touch me i '' she kept screaming it , kept pointing . 
 and she saw people look at her . 
 but they did n't do anything . 
 they just stared . 
 lots of faces , looking up at her . 
 nobody moving . 
 in a way , it was even worse than anything that had happened before . 
 they could hear her , but nobody was going to help her . 
 and then she saw somebody moving . 
 it was a big boy , not quite a grown-up man . 
 he was wearing a uniform like the one rashel 's father used to wear before he died . 
 that meant he was a marine . 
 he was going toward the tall man , and his face was dark and angry . 
 and now , as if they had only needed this example , other people were moving , too . 
 several men who looked like fathers . 
 a woman with a cellular phone . 
 the tall man turned and ran . 
 he ducked under the climbing structure , heading toward the back , toward the tent where rashel 's mother was . 
 he moved very fast , much faster than any of the people in the crowd . 
 but he sent words to rashel 's mind before he disappeared completely . 
 see you later . 
 when he was definitely gone , rashel slumped against the netting , feeling the rough cord bite into her cheek . 
 people down below were calling to her ; kids just behind her were whispering . 
 none of it really mattered . 
 she could cry now ; it would be okay , but she did n't seem to have any tears . 
 the police were no good . 
 there were two officers , a man and a woman . 
 the woman believed rashel a little . 
 but every time her eyes would start to believe , she 'd shake her head and say , `` but what was the man really doing to timmy ? 
 baby-doll , sweetie , i know it 's awful , but just try to remember . '' 
 the man did n't believe even a little . 
 rashel would have traded them both for the marine back at the carnival . 
 all they 'd found in the tent was her mother with a broken neck . 
 no timmy . 
 rashel was n't sure but she thought the man had probably taken him . 
 she did n't want to think about why . 
 eventually the police drove her to her aunt corinne 's , who was the only family she had left now . 
 aunt corinne was old and her bony hands hurt rashel 's arms when she clutched her and cried . 
 she put rashel in a bedroom full of strange smells and tried to give her medicine to make her sleep . 
 it was like cough syrup , but it made her tongue numb . 
 rashel waited until aunt corinne was gone , then she spat it into her hand and wiped her hand on the sheets , way down at the foot of the bed where the blankets tucked in . 
 and then she put her arms around her hunched-up knees and sat staring into the darkness . 
 she was too little , too helpless . 
 that was the problem . 
 she was n't going to be able to do anything against him when he came back . 
 because of course he was coming back . 
 she knew what the man was , even if the adults did n't believe her . 
 he was a vampire , just like on tv . 
 a monster that drank blood . 
 and he knew she knew . 
 that was why he 'd promised to see her later . 
 at last , when aunt corinne 's house was quiet , rashel tiptoed to the closet and slid it open . 
 she climbed the shoe rack and squirmed and kicked until she was on the top shelf above the clothes . 
 it was narrow , but wide enough for her . 
 that was one good thing about being little . 
 she had to use every advantage she had . 
 with her toe , she slid the closet door back shut . 
 then she piled sweaters and other folded things from the shelf on top of herself , covering even her head . 
 and finally she curled up on the hard bare wood and shut her eyes . 
 sometime in the night she smelled smoke . 
 she got down from the shelf-falling more than climbing-and saw flames in her bedroom . 
 she never knew exactly how she managed to run through them and get out of the house . 
 the whole night was like one long blurred nightmare . 
 because aunt corinne did n't get out . 
 when the fire trucks came with their sirens and their flashing lights , it was already too late . 
 and even though rashel knew that he had set the fire-the vampire-the police did n't believe her . 
 they did n't understand why he had to kill her . 
 in the morning they took her to a foster home , which would be the first of many . 
 the people there were nice , but rashel would n't let them hold her or comfort her . 
 she already knew what she had to do . 
 if she was going to survive , she had to make herself hard and strong . 
 she could n't care about anybody else , or trust anybody , or rely on anybody . 
 nobody could protect her . 
 not even mommy had been able to do that . 
 god , it stank . 
 rasheljordan had seen a lot of vampire lairs in her seventeen years , but this was probably the most disgusting . 
 she held her breath as she stirred the nest of tattered cloth with the toe of one boot . 
 she could read the story of this collection of garbage as easily as if the inhabitant had written out a full confession , signed it , and posted it on the wall . 
 one vampire . 
 a rogue , an outcast who lived on the fringe of both the human world and the night world . 
 he probably moved to anew city every few weeks to avoid getting caught . 
 and he undoubtedly looked like any other homeless guy , except that none of the human homeless would be hanging around aboston dock on a tuesday night in early march . 
 he brings his victims here , rashel thought . 
 the pier 's deserted , it 's private , he can take his time with them . 
 and of course he ca n't resist keeping a few trophies . 
 her foot stirred them gently . 
 a pink-and-blue knit baby jacket , a plaid sash from a school uniform , a spiderman tennis shoe . 
 all bloodstained . 
 all very small . 
 there had been a rash of missing children lately . 
 theboston police would never discover where they had gone-but now rashel knew . 
 she felt her lips draw back slightly from her teeth in something that was n't really a smile . 
 she was aware of everything around her : the soft plash of water against the wooden pier , the rank coppery smell that was almost a taste , the darkness of a night lit only by a half moon . 
 even the light moisture of the cold breeze against her skin . 
 she was aware of all of it without being preoccupied with any of it-and when the tiny scratch sounded behind her , she moved as smoothly and gracefully as if she were taking her turn in a dance . 
 she pivoted on her left foot , drawing her bokken in the same motion , and without a break in the movement , she stabbed straight to the vampire 's chest . 
 she drove the blow from her hips , exhaling in a hiss as she did it , putting all her strength behind it . 
 `` got ta be faster than that , '' she said . 
 the vampire , skewered like a hot dog , waved his arms and gibbered . 
 he was dressed in filthy clothing and his hair was a bushy tangle . 
 his eyes were wide , full of surprise and hatred , shining as silver as an animal 's in the faint light . 
 his teeth were n't so much fangs as tusks : fully extended , they reached almost to his chin . 
 `` i know , '' rashel said . 
 `` you really , really wanted to kill me . 
 life 's tough , is n't it ? '' 
 the vampire snarled one more time and then the silver went out of his eyes , leaving only the look of astonishment . 
 his body stiffened and slumped backward . 
 it lay still on the ground . 
 grimacing , rashel pulled her wooden sword out of the chest . 
 she started to wipe the blade on the vampire 's pants , then hesitated , peering at them more closely . 
 yes , those were definitely little crawly things . 
 and the blankets were just as repulsive . 
 oh , well . 
 use your own jeans . 
 it wo n't be the first time . 
 she carefully wiped the bokken clean . 
 it was two and a half feet long and just slightly , gracefully curved , with a narrow , sharp , angled tip . 
 designed to penetrate a body as efficiently as possible-if that body was susceptible to wood . 
 the sword slipped back into its sheath with a papery whisper . 
 then rashel glanced at the body again . 
 mr. vampire was already going mummified . 
 his skin was now yellow and tough ; his staring eyes were dried up , his lips shrunken , his tusks collapsed . 
 rashel bent over him , reaching into her back pocket . 
 what she pulled out looked like the snapped-off end of a bamboo backscratcher-which was exactly what it was . 
 she 'd had it for years . 
 very precisely , rashel drew the five lacquered fingers of the scratcher down the vampire 's forehead . 
 on the yellow skin five brown marks appeared , like the marks of a cat 's claws . 
 vampire skin was easy to mark tight after death . 
 `` this kitten has claws , '' she murmured . 
 it was a ritual sentence ; she 'd repeated it ever since the night she 'd killed her first vampire at the age of twelve . 
 in memory of her mother , who 'd always called her kitten . 
 in memory of herself at age five , and all the innocence she 'd lost . 
 she 'd never be a helpless kitten again . 
 besides , it was a little joke . 
 vampires ... bats . 
 herself ... a cat . 
 anybody who 'd grown up with batman and catwoman would get it . 
 well . 
 all done . 
 whistling softly , she rolled the body over and over with her foot to the end of the pier . 
 she did n't feel like carting the mummy all the way out to the fens , the salt marshes where bodies were traditionally left inboston . 
 with a mental apology to everybody who was trying to clean up the harbor , she gave the corpse a final push and listened for the splash . 
 she was still whistling as she emerged from the pier onto the street . 
 hi-ho , hi-ho , it 's off to work we go -- she was in a very good mood . 
 the only disappointment was the constant one , that it had n't been the vampire , the one she 'd been looking for ever since she 'd been five years old . 
 it had been a rogue , all right-a depraved monster who killed human kids foolishly close to human habitations . 
 but it had n't been the rogue . 
 rashel would never forget his face . 
 and she knew that someday she would see it again . 
 meanwhile , there was nothing to do but shish-kebab as many of the parasites as possible . 
 she scanned the streets as she walked , alert for any sign of night people . 
 all she saw were quiet brick buildings and streetlights shining pale gold . 
 and that was a shame , because she was in terrific form tonight ; she could feel it . 
 she was every bloodsucking leech 's worst enemy . 
 she could stake six of them before breakfast and still be fresh for chemistry first period at wassaguscus high . 
 rashel stopped suddenly , absent-mindedly melting into a shadow as a police car cruised silently down the cross-street ahead . 
 i know , she thought . 
 i 'll go see what the lancers are up to . 
 if anybody knows where vampires are , they do . 
 she headed for the north end . 
 half an hour later she was standing in front of a brownstone apartment building , ringing the buzzer . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 instead of answering , rashel said , `` the night has a thousand eyes . '' 
 `` and the day only one , '' came the reply from the intercom . 
 `` hey there , girl . 
 come on up . '' 
 inside , rashel climbed a dark and narrow stairway to a scarred wooden door . 
 there was a peephole in the door . 
 rashel faced it squarely , then pulled off the scarf she 'd been wearing . 
 it was black , silky , and very long . 
 she wore it wrapped around her head and face like a veil , so that only her eyes showed , and even they were in shadow . 
 she shook out her hair , knowing what the person on the other side could see . 
 a tall girl dressed like a ninja , all hi black , with black hair falling loose around her shoulders and green eyes blazing . 
 she had n't changed much since she was five , except in height . 
 right now she made a barbaric face at the peephole and heard the sound of laughter behind the door as bolts were drawn . 
 she waited until the door was shut behind her again before she said , `` hi , elliot . '' 
 elliot was a few years older than she was , and thin , with intense eyes and little shiny glasses that were always slipping off his nose . 
 some people would have dismissed him as a geek . 
 but rashel had once seen him stand up to two werewolves while she got a human girl out a window , and she knew that he had practically single-handedly started the lancers-one of the most successful organizations of vampire hunters on the east coast . 
 `` what 's up , rashel ? 
 it 's been a while . '' 
 `` i 've been busy . 
 but now i 'm bored . 
 i came to see if you guys had anything going . '' 
 as rashel spoke , she was looking at the other people in the room . 
 a brown-haired girl was kneeling , loading objects from boxes into a dark green backpack . 
 another girl and a boy were sitting on the couch . 
 rashel recognized the boy from other lancers meetings , but neither of the girls were familiar . 
 `` lucky you , '' elliot said . 
 `` this is vicky , my new second-in-command . '' 
 he nodded at the girl on the floor . 
 `` she just moved toboston ; she was the leader of a group on the south shore . 
 and tonight she 's taking a little expedition out to some warehouses in mission hill . 
 we got a lead that there 's been some activity out there . '' 
 `` what kind of activity ? 
 leeches , puppies ? '' 
 elliot shrugged . 
 `` vampires definitely . 
 werewolves maybe . 
 there 's been a rumor about teenage girls getting kidnapped and stashed somewhere around there . 
 the problem is we do n't know exactly where , or why . '' 
 he tilted his head , his eyes twinkling . 
 `` you want to go ? '' 
 `` is n't anybody going to ask me ? '' 
 vicky said , straightening up from her backpack . 
 her pale blue eyes were fixed on rashel . 
 `` i 've never even seen this girl before . 
 she could be one of them . '' 
 elliot pushed his glasses higher on his nose . 
 he looked amused . 
 `` you would n't say that if you knew , vicky . 
 rashel 's the best . '' 
 `` at what ? '' 
 `` at everything . 
 when you were going to your fancy prep school , she was out in thechicago slums staking vampires . 
 she 's been inl.a . 
 , new york , new orleans ... even vegas . 
 she 's wiped out more parasites than the rest of us put together . '' 
 elliot glanced mischievously at rashel , then leaned toward vicki . 
 `` ever heard of the cat ? '' 
 he said . 
 vicki 's head snapped up . 
 she stared at rashel . 
 `` the cat ? 
 the one all the night people are afraid of ? 
 the one they 're offering a reward for ? 
 the one who leaves a mark - '' rashel shot elliot a warning look . 
 `` never mind , '' she said . 
 she was n't sure she trusted these new people . 
 vicky was right about one thing : you could n't be too careful . 
 and she did n't like vicky much , but she could hardly turn down such a good opportunity for vampire hunting . 
 not tonight , when she was in such terrific form . 
 `` i 'll go with you-if you 'll have me , '' she said . 
 vicky 's pale blue eyes bored into rashel 's a moment , then she nodded . 
 `` just remember i 'm in charge . '' 
 `` sure , '' rashel murmured . 
 she could see elliot 's grin out of the corner of her eye . 
 `` you know steve , and that 's nyala . '' 
 elliot indicated the boy and girl on the couch . 
 steve had blond hair , muscular shoulders , and a steady expression ; nyala had skin like cocoa and a faraway look in her eyes , as if she were sleepwalking . 
 `` nyala 's new . 
 she just lost her sister a month ago , '' elliot added in a gentle voice . 
 he did n't need to say how the sister had been lost . 
 rashel nodded at the girl . 
 she sympathized . 
 there was nothing quite like the shock of first discovering the night world , when you realized that things like vampires and witches and werewolves were real , and that they were everywhere , joined in one giant secret organization . 
 that anybody could be one , and you 'd never know until it was too late . 
 `` everybody ready ? 
 then let 's go , '' vicky said , and steve and nyala got up . 
 elliot showed them to the door . 
 `` good luck , '' he said . 
 outside , vicky led the way to a dark blue car with mud strategically caked on the license plates . 
 `` we 'll drive to the warehouse area , '' she said . 
 rashel was relieved . 
 she was used to walking the city streets at night without being seen-important when you were carrying a rather unconcealable sword-but she was n't sure that these other three could manage . 
 it took practice . 
 the drive was silent except for the murmur of steve 's voice occasionally helping vicky with directions . 
 they passed through respectable neighborhoods and venerable areas with handsome old buildings until they got to a street where everything changed suddenly . 
 all at once , as if they had crossed some invisible dividing line , the gutters were full of soggy trash and the fences were topped with razor wire . 
 the buildings were government housing projects , dark warehouses , or rowdy bars . 
 vicky pulled into a parking lot and stopped the car away from the security lights . 
 then she led them through the knee-high dead weeds of a vacant lot to a street that was poorly lighted and utterly silent . 
 `` this is the observation post , '' vicky whispered , as they reached a squat brick building , a part of the housing project that had been abandoned . 
 following her , they zigzagged through debris and scrap metal to get to a side door , and then they climbed a dark staircase covered with graffiti to the third floor . 
 their flashlights provided the only illumination . 
 `` nice place , '' nyala whispered , looking around . 
 she had obviously never seen anything like it before . 
 `` do n't you think-there may be other people here besides vampires ? '' 
 steve gave her a reassuring pat . 
 `` no , it 's okay . '' 
 `` yeah , it looks like even the junkies have abandoned it , '' rashel said , grimly amused . 
 `` you can see the whole street from the window , '' vicky put in shortly . 
 `` elliot and i were here yesterday watching those warehouses across the street . 
 and last night we saw a guy at the end of the street who looked a lot like a vampire . 
 you know the signs . '' 
 nyala opened her mouth as if to say she did n't know the signs , but rashel was already speaking . 
 `` did you test him ? '' 
 `` we did n't want to get that close . 
 we 'll do it tonight if he shows up again . '' 
 `` how do you test them ? '' 
 nyala asked . 
 vicky did n't answer . 
 she and steve had pushed aside a couple of rat-chewed mattresses and were unloading the bags and backpacks they 'd brought . 
 rashel said , `` one way is to shine a flashlight in their eyes . 
 usually you get eye-shine back-like an animal 's . '' 
 `` there are other ways , too , '' vicky said , setting the things she was unloading on the bare boards of the floor . 
 there were ski masks , knives made of both metal and wood , a number of stakes of various sizes , and a mallet . 
 steve added two clubs made of white oak to the pile . 
 `` wood hurts them more than metal , '' vicky said to nyala . 
 `` if you cut them with a steel knife they heal right before your eyes-but cut them with wood and they keep bleeding . '' 
 rashel did n't quite like the way she said it . 
 and she did n't like the last thing vicky was pulling out of her backpack . 
 it was a wooden device that looked a bit like a miniature stock . 
 two hinged blocks of wood that fit snugly around a person 's wrists and closed with a lock . 
 `` vampire handcuffs , '' vicky said proudly , seeing her look . 
 `` made of white oak . 
 guaranteed to hold any parasite . 
 i brought them from down south . '' 
 `` but hold them for what ? 
 and what do you need all those little knives and stakes for ? 
 it would take hours to kill a vampire with those . '' 
 vicky smiled fiercely . 
 `` i know . '' 
 oh . 
 rashel 's heart seemed to thump and then sink , and she looked away to control her reaction . 
 she understood what vicky had in mind now . 
 torture . 
 `` a quick death 's too good for them , '' vicky said , still smiling . 
 `` they deserve to suffer-the way they make our people suffer . 
 besides , we might get some information . 
 we need to know where they 're keeping the girls they kidnap , and what they 're doing with them . '' 
 `` vicky . '' 
 rashel spoke earnestly . 
 `` it 's practically impossible to make vampires talk . 
 they 're stubborn . 
 when they 're hurt they just get angry-like animals . '' 
 vicky smirked . 
 `` i 've made some talk . 
 it just depends on what you do , and how long you make it last . 
 anyway , there 's no harm in trying . '' 
 `` does elliot know about this ? '' 
 vicky lifted a shoulder defensively . 
 `` elliot lets me do things my way . 
 i do n't have to tell him every little detail . 
 i was a leader myself , you know . '' 
 helplessly , rashel looked at nyala and steve . 
 and saw that for the first time nyala 's eyes had lost their sleepwalking expression . 
 now she looked awake - and savagely glad . 
 `` yes , '' she said . 
 `` we should try to make the vampire talk . 
 and if he suffers-well , my sister suffered . 
 when i found her , she was almost dead but she could still talk . 
 she told me what it felt like , having all the blood drained out of her body while she was still conscious . 
 she said it hurt . 
 she said ... '' nyala stopped , swallowed , and looked at vicky . 
 `` i want to help do it , '' she said thickly . 
 steve did n't say anything , but then from what rashel knew of him , that was typical . 
 he was a guy of few words . 
 anyway , he did n't protest . 
 rashel felt odd , as if she were seeing the very worst of herself reflected in a mirror . 
 it made her ... ashamed . 
 it left her shaken . 
 but who am i to judge ? 
 she thought , turning away . 
 it 's true that the parasites are evil , all of them . 
 the whole race needs to be wiped out . 
 and vicky 's right , why should they have a clean death , when they usually do n't give their victims one ? 
 nyala deserves to avenge her sister . 
 `` unless you object or something , '' vicky said heavily , and rashel could feel those pale blue eyes on her . 
 `` unless you 're some kind of vampire sympathizer . '' 
 rashel might have laughed at that , but she was n't in a laughing mood . 
 she took a breath , then said without turning around , `` it 's your show . 
 i agreed that you were in charge . '' 
 `` good , '' vicky said , and returned to her work . 
 but the sick feeling in the pit of rashel 's stomach did n't go away . 
 she almost hoped that the vampire quinn was cold . 
 not physically , of course . 
 that was impossible . 
 the icy march air had no effect on him ; his body was impervious to little things like weather . 
 no , this cold was inside him . 
 he stood looking at the bay and the thriving city across it.boston by starlight . 
 it had taken him a long time to come back toboston after ... the change . 
 he 'd lived there once , when he 'd been human . 
 but in those daysboston was nothing but three hills , one beacon , and a handful of houses with thatched roofs . 
 the place where he was standing now had been clean beach surrounded by salt meadows and dense forest . 
 the year had been 1639 . 
 bostonhad grown since then , but quinn had n't . 
 he was still eighteen , still the young man who 'd loved the sunny pastures and the clear blue water of the wilderness . 
 who had lived simply , feeling grateful when there was enough food for supper on his mother 's table , and who had dreamed of someday having his own fishing schooner and marrying pretty dove redfern . 
 that was how it had all started , with dove . 
 pretty dove and her soft brown hair ... sweet dove , who had a secret a simple boy like quinn could never have imagined . 
 well . 
 quinn felt his lip curl . 
 that was all in the past . 
 dove had been dead for centuries , and if her screams still haunted him every night , no one knew but himself . 
 because he might not be any older than he had been in the days of the colonies , but he had learned a few tricks . 
 like how to wrap ice around his heart so that nothing in the world could hurt him . 
 and how to put ice in his gaze , so that whoever looked into his black eyes saw only an endless glacial dark . 
 he 'd gotten very good at that . 
 some people actually went pale and backed away when he turned his eyes on them . 
 the tricks had worked for years , allowing him not just to survive as a vampire , but to be brilliantly successful at it . 
 he was quinn , pitiless as a snake , whose blood ran like ice water , whose soft voice pronounced doom on anybody who got in his way . 
 quinn , the essence of darkness , who struck fear into the hearts of humans and night people alike . 
 and just at the moment , he was tired . 
 tired and cold . 
 there was a kind of bleakness inside him , like a whiter that would never change into spring . 
 he had no idea what to do about it-although it had occurred to him that if he were to jump into the bay and let those dark waters close over his head , and then stay down there for a few days without feeding ... well , all his problems would be solved , would n't they ? 
 but that was ridiculous . 
 he was quinn . 
 nothing could touch him . 
 the bleak feeling would go away eventually . 
 he pulled himself out of his reverie , turning away from the shimmering blackness of the bay . 
 maybe he should go to the warehouse in mission hill , check on its inhabitants . 
 he needed something to do , to keep him from thinking . 
 quinn smiled , knowing it was a smile to frighten children . 
 he set off forboston . 
 rashel sat by the window , but not the way ordinary people sit . 
 she was kneeling in a sort of crouch , weight resting on her left leg , right leg bent and pointing forward . 
 it was a position that allowed for swift and unrestricted movement in any direction . 
 her bokken was beside her ; she could spring and draw at a second 's notice . 
 the abandoned building was quiet . 
 steve and vicky were outside , scouting the street . 
 nyala seemed lost in her own thoughts . 
 suddenly nyala reached out and touched the bokken 's sheath . 
 `` what 's this ? '' 
 `` hm ? 
 oh , it 's a kind of japanese sword . 
 they use wooden swords for fencing practice because steel would be too dangerous . 
 but it can actually be lethal even to humans . 
 it 's weighted and balanced just like a steel sword . '' 
 she pulled the sword out of the sheath and turned the flashlight on it so nyala could see the satiny green-black wood . 
 nyala drew in her breath and touched the graceful curve lightly . 
 `` it 's beautiful . '' 
 `` it 's made of lignum vitae : the wood of life . 
 that 's the hardest and heaviest wood there is-it 's as dense as iron . 
 i had it carved specially , just for me . '' 
 `` and you use it to kill vampires . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and you 've killed a lot . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 rashel slid the sword back into its sheath . 
 `` good , '' nyala said with a throb in her voice . 
 she turned to stare at the street . 
 she had a small queenly head , with hair piled on the back like nef-ertiti 's crown . 
 when she turned back to rashel , her voice was quiet . 
 `` how did you get into all this in the first place ? 
 i mean , you seem to know so much . 
 how did you learn it all ? '' 
 rashel laughed . 
 `` bit by bit , '' she said briefly . 
 she did n't like to talk about it . 
 `` but i started like you . 
 i saw one of them kill my mom when i was five . 
 after that , i tried to learn everything i could about vampires , so i could fight them . 
 and i told the story at every foster home i lived in , and finally i found some people who believed me . 
 they were vampire hunters . 
 they taught me a lot . '' 
 nyala looked ashamed and disgusted . 
 `` i 'm so stupid-i have n't done anything like that . 
 i would n't even have known about the lancers if elliot had n't called me . 
 he saw the article in the paper about my sister and guessed it might have been a vampire killing . 
 but i 'd never have found them on my own . '' 
 `` you just did n't have enough time . '' 
 `` no . 
 i think it takes a special kind of person . 
 but now that i know how to fight them , i 'm going to do it . '' 
 her voice was tight and shaky , and rashel glanced at her quickly . 
 there was something unstable just under the surface of this girl . 
 `` nobody knows which of them killed my sister , so i just figure i 'll get as many of them as i can . 
 i want to - '' `` quiet ! '' 
 rashel hissed the word and put a hand over nyala 's mouth at the same instant . 
 nyala froze . 
 rashel sat tensely , listening , then got up like a spring uncoiling and put her head out the window . 
 she listened for another moment , then caught up her scarf and veiled her face with practiced movements . 
 `` grab your ski mask and come on . '' 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` you 're going to get your wish-right now . 
 there 's a fight down there . 
 stay behind me ... and do n't forget your mask . '' 
 nyala did n't need to ask about that , she noticed . 
 it was the first thing any vampire hunter learned . 
 if you were recognized and the vampire got away ... well , it was all over . 
 the night people would search until they found you , then strike when you least expected it . 
 with nyala behind her , rashel ran lightly down the stairs and around to the street . 
 the sounds were coming from a pool of darkness beside one of the warehouses , far from the nearest streetlight . 
 as rashel reached the place , she could make out the forms of steve and vicky , their faces masked , their clubs in their hands . 
 they were struggling with another form . 
 oh , for god 's sake , rashel thought , stopping dead . 
 one other form . 
 the two of them , armed with wood and lying in ambush , could n't handle one little vampire by themselves ? 
 from the racket , she 'd thought they must have been surprised by a whole army . 
 but this vampire seemed to be putting up quite a fight-in fact , he was clearly winning . 
 throwing his attackers around with supernatural strength , just as if they were ordinary humans and not fearless vampire slayers . 
 he seemed to be enjoying it . 
 `` we 've got to help them ! '' 
 nyala hissed in rashers ear . 
 `` yeah , '' rashel said joylessly . 
 she sighed . 
 `` wait here ; i 'm going to bonk him on the head . '' 
 it was n't quite that easy . 
 rashel got behind the vampire without trouble ; he was preoccupied with the other two and arrogant enough to be careless . 
 but then she had a problem . 
 her bokken , the honorable sword of a warrior , had one purpose : to deliver a clean blow capable of killing instantly . 
 she could n't bring herself to whack somebody unconscious with it . 
 it was n't that she did n't have other weapons . 
 she had plenty-back at home in marblehead . 
 all the tools of a ninja , and some the ninja had never heard of . 
 and she knew some extremely dirty methods of fighting . 
 she could break bones and crush tendons ; she could peel an enemy 's trachea out of his neck with her bare hands or drive his ribs into his lungs with her feet . 
 but those were desperate measures , to be used as a last resort when her own life was at stake and the opposition was overwhelming . 
 she simply could n't do that to a single enemy when she had the jump on him . 
 just then the single enemy threw steve into a wall , where he landed with a muffled `` oof . '' 
 rashel felt sorry for him , but it solved her dilemma . 
 she grabbed the oak club steve had been holding as it rolled across the concrete . 
 then she circled nimbly as the vampire turned , trying to face her . 
 at that instant nyala threw herself into the fight , creating a distraction , and rashel did what she 'd said she would . 
 she bonked the vampire on the head , driving the club like a home runner 's swing with the force of her hips . 
 the vampire cried out and fell down motionless . 
 rashel raised the club again , watching him . 
 then she lowered it , looking at steve and vicky . 
 `` you guys okay ? '' 
 vicky nodded stiffly . 
 she was trying to get her breath . 
 `` he surprised us , '' she said . 
 rashel did n't answer . 
 she was very unhappy , and her feeling of being in top form tonight had completely evaporated . 
 this had been the most undignified fight she 'd seen in a long while , and ... ... and it bothered her , the way the vampire had cried out as he fell . 
 she could n't explain why , but it had . 
 steve picked himself up . 
 `` he should n't have been able to surprise us , '' he said . 
 `` that was our fault . '' 
 rashel glanced at him . 
 it was true . 
 in this business , you were either ready all the time , expecting the unexpected at any moment , or you were dead . 
 `` he was just good , '' vicky said shortly . 
 `` come on , let 's get him out of here before somebody sees us . 
 there 's a cellar in the other building . '' 
 rashel took hold of the vampire 's feet while steve grabbed his shoulders . 
 he was n't very big , about rashel 's height and compact . 
 he looked young , about rashel 's age . 
 which meant nothing , she reminded herself . 
 a parasite could be a thousand and still look young . 
 they gained eternal life from other people 's blood . 
 she and steve carried their burden down the stairs into a large dank room that smelled of damp rot and mildew . 
 they dropped him on the cold concrete floor and rashel straightened to ease her back . 
 `` okay . 
 now let 's see what he looks like , '' vicky said , and turned her flashlight on him . 
 the vampire was pale , and his black hair looked even blacker against his white skin . 
 his eyelashes were dark on his cheek . 
 a little blood matted his hair in the back . 
 `` i do n't think he 's the same one elliot and i saw last night . 
 that one looked bigger , '' vicky said . 
 nyala pressed forward , staring at her very first captive vampire . 
 `` what difference does it make ? 
 he 's one of them , right ? 
 nobody human could have thrown steve like that . 
 he might even be the one who killed my sister . 
 and he 's ours now . '' 
 she smiled down , looking almost like someone in love . 
 `` you 're ours , '' she said to the unconscious boy on the floor . 
 `` just you wait . '' 
 steve rubbed his shoulder where it had hit the wall . 
 all he said was `` yeah , '' but his smile was n't nice . 
 `` i only hope he does n't die soon , '' vicky said , examining the pale face critically . 
 `` you hit him pretty hard . '' 
 `` he 's not going to die , '' rashel said . 
 `` in fact , he 'll probably wake up in a few minutes . 
 and we 'd better hope he 's not one of the really powerful telepaths . '' 
 nyala looked up sharply . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` oh-all vampires are telepathic , '' rashel said absently . 
 `` but there 's a big range as to how powerful they are . 
 most of them can only communicate over a short distance-like within the same house , say . 
 but a few are a lot stronger . '' 
 `` even if he is strong , it wo n't matter unless there are other vampires around , '' vicky said . 
 `` which there may be , if you and elliot saw another one last night . '' 
 `` well ... '' vicky hesitated , then said , `` we can check outside , make sure he does n't have any friends hiding around that warehouse . '' 
 steve was nodding , and nyala was listening intently . 
 rashel started to say that from what she 'd seen , they could n't find a vampire in hiding to save their lives-but then she changed her mind . 
 `` good idea , '' she said . 
 `` you take nyala and do that . 
 it 's better to have three people than two . 
 i 'll tie him up before he comes around . 
 i 've got bast cord . '' 
 vicky glanced over quickly , but her hostility seemed to have faded since rashel had knocked the vampire over the head . 
 `` okay , but let 's use the handcuffs . 
 nyala , run up and get them . '' 
 nyala did , and she and vicky fixed the wooden stocks on the vampire 's wrists . 
 then they left with steve . 
 rashel sat on the floor . 
 she did n't know what she was doing , or why she 'd sent nyala away . 
 all she knew was that she wanted to be alone , and that she felt ... rotten . 
 it was n't that she did n't have anger . 
 there were times when she got so angry at the universe that it was actually like a little voice inside her whispering , kill , kill , kill . 
 times when she wanted to strike out blindly , without caring who she hurt . 
 but just now the little voice was silent , and rashel felt sick . 
 to keep herself busy , she tied his feet with bast , a cord made from the inner bark of trees . 
 it was as good for holding a vampire as vicky 's ridiculous handcuffs . 
 when it was done , she turned the flashlight on him again . 
 he was good-looking . 
 clean features that were strongly chiseled but almost delicate . 
 a mouth that at the moment looked rather innocent , but which might be sensuous if he were awake . 
 a body that was lithe and flat-muscled , if not very tall . 
 all of which had no effect on rashel . 
 she 'd seen attractive vampires before-in fact , an inordinate number of them seemed to be really beautiful . 
 it did n't mean anything . 
 it only stood as a contrast to what they were like inside . 
 the tall man who 'd killed her mother had been handsome . 
 she could still see his face , his golden eyes . 
 filthy parasites . 
 night world scum . 
 they were n't really people . 
 they were monsters . 
 but they could still feel pain , just like any human . 
 she 'd hurt this one when she hit him . 
 rashel jumped up and started to pace the cellar . 
 all right . 
 this vampire deserved to die . 
 they all did . 
 but that did n't mean she had to wait for vicky to come back and poke him with pointy sticks . 
 rashel knew now why she 'd sent nyala away . 
 so she could give the vampire a clean death . 
 maybe he did n't deserve it , but she could n't stand around and watch vicky kill him slowly . 
 she could n't . 
 she stopped pacing and went to the unconscious boy . 
 the flashlight on the floor was still pointing at him , so she could see him clearly . 
 he was wearing a lightweight black shirt-no sweater or coat . 
 vampires did n't need protection from the cold . 
 rashel unbuttoned the shirt , exposing his chest . 
 although the angled tip of her bokken could pierce clothing , it was easier to drive it straight into vampire flesh without any barrier in between . 
 standing with one foot on either side of the vampire 's waist , she drew the heavy wooden sword . 
 she held it with both hands , one near the guard , the other near the knob on the end of the hilt . 
 she positioned the end exactly over the vampire 's heart . 
 `` this kitten has claws , '' she whispered , hardly aware she was saying it . 
 then she took a deep breath , eyes shut . 
 she needed to work to focus , because she 'd never done anything like this before . 
 the vampires she 'd killed had usually been caught in the middle of some despicable act-and they 'd all been fighting at the end . 
 she 'd never staked one that was lying still . 
 concentrate , she thought . 
 you need zanshin , continuing mind , awareness of everything without fixing on anything . 
 she felt her feet becoming part of the cold concrete beneath them , her muscles and bones becoming extensions of the ground . 
 the strike would carry the energy of the earth itself . 
 her hands brought the sword up . 
 she was ready for the kill . 
 she opened her eyes to perfect her aim . 
 rashel froze . 
 her sword remained in the air , poised over the vampire 's heart . 
 `` well , what are you waiting for ? '' 
 the vampire said . 
 `` go on and do it . '' 
 rashel did n't know what she was waiting for . 
 the vampire was in a position to block her sword with his wooden handcuffs , but he did n't do any such thing . 
 she could tell by his body language that he was n't going to , either . 
 instead he just lay there , looking up at her with eyes that were as dark and empty as the depths of space . 
 his hair was tousled on his forehead and his mouth was a bleak line . 
 he did n't seem afraid . 
 he just went on staring with those fathomless eyes . 
 all right , rashel thought . 
 do it . 
 even the leech is telling you to . 
 do it fast-now . 
 but instead she found herself pivoting and stepping slowly away from him . 
 `` sorry , '' she said out loud . 
 `` i do n't take orders from parasites . '' 
 she kept her sword at the ready in case he made any sudden moves . 
 but all he did was glance down at the wooden handcuffs , wiggle his wrists in them , and then lie back . 
 `` i see , '' he said with a strange smile . 
 `` so it 's torture this time , right ? 
 well , that should be amusing for you . '' 
 stake him , dummy , came the little voice in rashel 's head . 
 do n't talk to him . 
 it 's dangerous to get in a conversation with his kind . 
 but she could n't refocus herself . 
 in a minute , she told the voice . 
 first i have to get my own control back . 
 she knelt in her ready-for-action crouch and picked up the flashlight , turning it full on his face . 
 he blinked and looked away , squinting . 
 there . 
 now she could see him , but he could n't see her . 
 vampire eyes were hypersensitive to light . 
 and even if he did manage to get a glimpse of her , she was wearing her scarf . 
 she had all the advantages , and it made her feel more in command of the situation . 
 `` why would you think we want to torture you ? '' 
 she said . 
 he smiled at the ceiling , not trying to look at her . 
 `` because i 'm still alive . '' 
 he raised the handcuffs . 
 `` and are n't these traditional ? 
 a few vampires from the south shore have turned up mutilated with stocks like these on . 
 it seemed to have been done for fun . '' 
 smile . 
 vicky 's work , rashel thought . 
 she wished he would stop smiling . 
 it was such a disturbing smile , beautiful and a little mad . 
 `` unless , '' the vampire was going on , `` it 's information you want . '' 
 rashel snorted . 
 `` would i be likely to get information from you if i did want it ? '' 
 `` well . '' 
 smile . 
 `` not likely . '' 
 `` i did n't think so , '' rashel said dryly . 
 he laughed out loud . 
 oh , god , rashel thought . 
 stake him . 
 she did n't know what was wrong with her . 
 okay , he was charming-in a weird way . 
 but she 'd known other charming vampires-smooth , practiced flatterers who tried to sweet-talk or cajole their way out of being staked . 
 some had tried to seduce her . 
 almost all had tried mind control . 
 it was only because rashel had the will to resist telepathy that she was alive today . 
 but this vampire was n't doing any of the ordinary things-and when he laughed , it made rashers heart thump oddly . 
 his whole face changed when he laughed . 
 a sort of light shone in it . 
 girl , you are in trouble . 
 kill him quick . 
 `` look , '' she said , and she was surprised to find her voice a little shaky . 
 `` this is n't personal . 
 and you probably do n't care , but i 'm not the one who was going to torture you . 
 this is business , and it 's what i have to do . '' 
 she took a deep breath and reached for the sword by her knee . 
 he turned his face to the light . 
 he was n't smiling now and there was no amusement in his voice when he said , `` i understand . 
 you 've got ... honor . '' 
 looking back at the ceiling , he added , `` and you 're right , this is the way it always has to end when our two races meet . 
 it 's kill or be killed . 
 the law of nature . '' 
 he was speaking to her as one warrior to another . 
 suddenly rashel felt something she 'd never felt for a vampire before . 
 respect . 
 a strange wish that they were n't on opposite sides in this war . 
 a regret that they could never be anything but deadly enemies . 
 he 's somebody i could talk to , she thought . 
 an odd loneliness had taken hold of her . 
 she had n't realized she cared about having anyone to talk to . 
 she found herself saying awkwardly , `` is there anybody you want notified-afterward ? 
 i mean , do you have any family ? 
 i could make sure the news gets around , so they 'd know what had happened to you . '' 
 she did n't expect him to actually give her any names . 
 that would be crazy . 
 in this game knowledge was power , with each side trying to find out who the players on the other side were . 
 if you could identify someone as a vampire-or a vampire hunter-you knew who to kill . 
 it was batman and catwoman all over . 
 the important thing was to preserve your secret identity . 
 but this vampire , who was obviously a lunatic , said thoughtfully , `` well , you could send a note to my adopted father . 
 he 's hunter redfern . 
 sorry i ca n't give you an address , but he should be somewhere down east . '' 
 another smile . 
 `` i forgot to tell you my name . 
 it 's quinn . '' 
 rashel felt as if she 'd been hit with an oak club . 
 quinn . 
 one of the most dangerous vampires in all the night world . 
 maybe the most dangerous of the made vampires , the ones who 'd started out human . 
 she knew him by reputation-every vampire hunter did . 
 he was supposed to be a deadly fighter and a brilliant strategist ; clever , resourceful ... and cold as ice . 
 he despised humans , held them in utter contempt . 
 he wanted the night world to wipe them out , except for a few to be used for food . 
 i was wrong , rashel thought dazedly . 
 i should have let vicky torture him . 
 i 'm sure he deserves it , if any of them do . 
 god only knows what he 's done in his time . 
 quinn had turned his head toward her again , looking straight into the flashlight even though it must be hurting his eyes . 
 `` so you see , you 'd better kill me fast , '' he said in a voice soft as snow falling . 
 `` because that 's certainly what i 'm going to do to you if i get loose . '' 
 rashel gave a strained laugh . 
 `` am i supposed to be scared ? '' 
 `` only if you have the brains to know who i am . '' 
 now he sounded tired and scornful . 
 `` which obviously you do n't . '' 
 `` well , let me see . 
 i seem to remember something about the redferns ... are n't they the family who controls the vampire part of the night world council ? 
 the most important family of all the lamia , the born vampires . 
 descended directly from maya , the legendary first vampire . 
 and hunter redfern is their leader , the upholder of night world law , the one who colonized america with vampires back in the sixteen hundreds . 
 tell me if i 'm getting any of this wrong . '' 
 he gave her a cold glance . 
 `` you see , we have our sources . 
 and i seem to remember them mentioning your name , too . 
 you were made a vampire by hunter ... and since his own children were all daughters , you 're also his heir . '' 
 quinn laughed sourly . 
 `` yes , well , that 's an on-again , off-again thing . 
 you might say i have a love-hate relationship with the redferns . 
 we spend most of the time wishing each other at the bottom of the atlantic . '' 
 `` teh , vampire family infighting , '' rashel said . 
 `` why is it always so hard to get along with your folks ? '' 
 despite her light words , she had to focus to keep control of her breathing . 
 it was n't fear . 
 she truly was n't scared of him . 
 it was something like confusion . 
 clearly , she should be killing him at this moment instead of chatting with him . 
 she could n't understand why she was n't doing it . 
 the only excuse she had was that it seemed to make him even more confused and angry than it did her . 
 `` i do n't think you 've heard enough about me , '' he said , showing his teeth . 
 `` i 'm your worst nightmare , human . 
 i even shock other vampires . 
 like old hunter ... he has certain ideas about propriety . 
 how you kill , and who . 
 if he knew some of the things i do , he 'd fall down dead himself . '' 
 good old hunter , rashel thought . 
 the stiff moral patriarch of the redfern clan , still caught up in the seventeenth century . 
 he might be a vampire , but he was definitely a new englander . 
 `` maybe i should find a way to tell him , '' she said whimsically . 
 quinn gave her another cold look , this time tempered with respect . 
 `` if i thought you could find him , i 'd worry . '' 
 rashel was suddenly struck by something . 
 `` you know , i do n't think i 've ever heard anyone say your first name . 
 i mean , i presume you have one . '' 
 he blinked . 
 then , as if he were surprised himself , he said , `` john . '' 
 `` john quinn . 
 john . '' 
 `` i did n't invite you to call me it . '' 
 `` all right , whatever . '' 
 she said it absently , deep in thought . 
 john quinn . 
 such a normal name , a boston name . 
 the name of a real person . 
 it made her think of him as a person , instead of as quinn the dreadful . 
 `` look , '' rashel said , and then she asked him something she 'd never asked a night person before . 
 she said , `` did you want hunter redfern to make you a vampire ? '' 
 there was a long pause . 
 then quinn said expressionlessly , `` as a matter of fact , i wanted to kill him for it . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 i 'd want to do the same , rashel thought . 
 she did n't mean to ask any more questions , but she found herself saying , `` then why did he do it ? 
 i mean , why pick you ? '' 
 another pause . 
 just when she was sure he would n't answer , he said , `` i was-i wanted to marry one of his daughters . 
 her name was dove . '' 
 `` you wanted to marry a vampire ? '' 
 `` i did n't know she was a vampire ! '' 
 this time quinn 's voice was quick and impatient . 
 `` hunter redfern was accepted in charlestown . 
 granted , a few people said his wife had been a witch , but in those days people said that if you smiled in church . '' 
 `` so he just lived there and nobody knew , '' rashel said . 
 `` most people accepted him . '' 
 a faint mocking smile curved quinn 's lips . 
 `` my own father accepted him , and he was the minister . '' 
 despite herself , rashel was fascinated . 
 `` and you had to be a vampire to marry her ? 
 dove , i mean . '' 
 `` i did n't get to marry her , '' quinn said tonelessly . 
 he seemed as surprised as she was that he was telling her these things . 
 but he went on , seeming to speak almost to himself . 
 `` hunter wanted me to marry one of his other daughters . 
 i said i 'd rather marry a pig . 
 garnet-that 's the oldest-was about as interesting as a stick of wood . 
 and lily , the middle one , was evil . 
 i could see that in her eyes . 
 i only wanted dove . '' 
 `` and you told him that ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 he agreed to it finally-and then he told me his family 's secret . 
 well . '' 
 quinn laughed bitterly . 
 `` he did n't tell me , actually . 
 it was more of a demonstration . 
 when i woke up , i was dead and a vampire . 
 it was quite an experience . '' 
 rashel opened her mouth and then shut it again , trying to imagine the horror of it . 
 finally she just said , `` i bet . '' 
 they sat for a moment in silence . 
 rashel had never felt so ... close to a vampire . 
 instead of disgust and hatred , she felt pity . 
 `` but what happened to dove ? '' 
 quinn seemed to tense all over . 
 `` she died , '' he said nastily . 
 it was clear that his confidences were over . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` none of your business ! '' 
 rashel tilted her head and looked at him soberly . 
 `` how , john quinn ? 
 you know , there are some things you really ought to tell other people . 
 it might help . '' 
 `` i do n't need a damn psychoanalyst , '' he spat . 
 he was furious now , and there was a dark light in his eyes that ought to have frightened rashel . 
 he looked as wild as she felt sometimes , when she did n't care who she hurt . 
 she was n't frightened . 
 she was strangely calm , the kind of calm she felt when her breathing exercises made her feel one with the earth and absolutely sure of her path . 
 `` look , quinn - '' `` i really think you 'd better kill me now , '' he said tightly . 
 `` unless you 're too stupid or too scared . 
 this wood wo n't hold forever , you know . 
 and when i get out , i 'm going to use that sword on you . '' 
 startled , rashel looked down at vicky 's handcuffs . 
 they were bent . 
 not the oak , of course-it was the metal hinges that were coming apart . 
 soon he 'd have enough room to slip them off . 
 he was very strong , even for a vampire . 
 and then , with the same odd calm , she realized what she was going to do . 
 `` yes , that 's a good idea , '' she said . 
 `` keep bending them . 
 i can say that 's how you got out . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 rashel got up and searched for a steel knife to cut the cords on his feet . 
 `` i 'm letting you go , john quinn , '' she said . 
 he paused in his wrenching of the handcuffs . 
 `` you 're insane , '' he said , as if he 'd just discovered this . 
 `` you may be right . '' 
 rashel found the knife and slit through the bast cords . 
 he gave the handcuffs a twist . 
 `` if , '' he said deliberately , `` you think that because i was a human once , i have any pity on them , you are very , very wrong . 
 i hate humans more than i hate the redferns . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 he bared his teeth . 
 `` no , thank you . 
 i do n't have to explain anything to you . 
 just take my word for it . '' 
 she believed him . 
 he looked as angry and as dangerous as an animal in a trap . 
 `` all right , '' she said , stepping back and putting her hand on the hilt of her bokken . 
 `` take your best shot . 
 but remember , i beat you once . 
 i was the one who knocked you out . '' 
 he blinked . 
 then he shook his head in disbelief . 
 `` you little idiot , '' he said . 
 `` i was n't paying attention . 
 i thought you were another of those jerks falling over their own feet . 
 and i was n't even fighting them seriously . '' 
 he sat up in one fluid motion that showed the strength he had , and the control of his own body . 
 `` you do n't have a chance , '' he said softly , turning those dark eyes on her . 
 now that he was n't looking into the flashlight , his pupils were huge . 
 `` you 're dead already . '' 
 rashel had a sinking feeling that was telling her the same thing . 
 `` i 'm faster than any human , '' the soft voice went on . 
 `` i 'm stronger than any human . 
 i can see better in the dark . 
 and i 'm much , much nastier . '' 
 panic exploded inside rashel . 
 all at once , she believed him absolutely . 
 she could n't seem to get her breath , and a void had opened in her stomach . 
 she lost any vestige of her previous calm . 
 he 's right-you were an idiot , she told herself wildly . 
 you had every chance to stop him and you blew it . 
 and why ? 
 because you were sorry for him ? 
 sorry for a deranged monster who 's going to tear you limb from limb now ? 
 anyone as stupid as that deserves what they get . 
 she felt as if she were falling , unable to get hold of anything ... and then suddenly she did seem to catch something . 
 something that she clung to desperately , trying to resist the fear that wanted to suck her into darkness . 
 you could n't have done anything else . 
 it was the little voice in her mind , being helpful for once . 
 and , strangely , rashel knew it was true . 
 she could n't have killed him when he was tied up and helpless , not without becoming a monster herself . 
 and after hearing his story , she could n't have ignored the pity she felt . 
 i 'm probably going to die now , she thought . 
 and i 'm still scared . 
 but i 'd do it over again . 
 it was right . 
 she hung on to that as she let the last seconds tick away , the last window of opportunity to stake him while the cuffs still held . 
 she knew they were ticking away , and she knew quinn knew . 
 `` what a shame to rip your throat out , '' he said . 
 rashel held her ground . 
 quinn gave the handcuffs a final wrench , and the metal hinges squealed . 
 then the stocks clattered onto the concrete and he stood up , free . 
 rashel could n't see his face anymore ; it was above the reach of the flashlight . 
 `` well , '' he said evenly . 
 rashel whispered , `` well . '' 
 they stood facing each other . 
 rashel was waiting for the tiny involuntary body movements that would give away which direction he was going to lunge . 
 but he was more still than any enemy she 'd ever seen . 
 he kept his tension inside , ready to explode only when he directed it . 
 his control seemed to be complete . 
 he 's got zanshin , she thought . 
 `` you 're very good , '' she said softly . 
 `` thanks . 
 so are you . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` but it is n't going to matter in the end . '' 
 rashel started to say , `` we 'll see '' - and he lunged . 
 she had an instant 's warning . 
 a barely perceptible movement of his leg told her he was going to spring to his right , her left . 
 her body reacted without her direction , moving smoothly ... and she did n't realize until she was doing it that she was n't using the sword . 
 she had stepped forward , inside his attack , and deflected it with a mirror palm block , striking the inner side of his arm with her left arm . 
 hitting the nerves to try and numb the limb . 
 but not cutting him . 
 she realized with a dizzy sense of horror that she did n't want to use the sword on him . 
 `` you are going to die , idiot , '' he told her , and for an instant she was n't sure if it was him saying it or the voice in her head . 
 she tried to push him away . 
 all she could think was that she needed time , time to get her survival what she felt was a shivering jolt that began in her palm and ran up her arm like electricity . 
 it left tingling in its wake . 
 but the real shock was in her head . 
 her mind exploded . 
 that was the only way she could describe it . 
 a noiseless , heatless explosion that shattered her completely . 
 all at once , rashel could n't support her own weight anymore . 
 she could feel quinn 's arms supporting her . 
 she had no sense of the room around her . 
 she was floating in a white light and the only solid thing to hang on to was quinn . 
 it was something like the terror she 'd felt before ... but it was n't just terror . 
 impossibly , what she felt was more like wild elation . 
 she realized that quinn was holding her so tightly that it hurt . 
 but even stronger than the sensation of his arms was the sense she had of his mind . 
 a direct conduit seemed to have opened between them . 
 she could feel his astonishment , his shock , his wonder . 
 and she knew he could feel hers . 
 it 's telepathy , some distant part of herself said , trying desperately to get control again . 
 it 's some new vampire trick . 
 but she knew it was n't a trick . 
 quinn was as astounded as she was-she could feel that . 
 maybe he was even worse off . 
 he was breathing rapidly and shallowly and a fine trembling seemed to have taken over his body . 
 rashel held on to him , thinking crazy things . 
 she wanted to comfort him . 
 she could sense , probably better than he could himself , how frighteningly vulnerable he was under that frozen exterior . 
 like me , i suppose , rashel thought giddily . 
 and then she suddenly realized that he was feeling her vulnerability just as she had felt his . 
 fear welled up in her so sharply that she panicked . 
 she tried to find a way to shut him out , to resist the way she resisted mind control-but she knew it was useless . 
 he had gotten past her guard already . 
 he was inside . 
 `` it 's all right , '' quinn said , and she realized that he had stopped trembling . 
 his voice was almost dispassionate , and at the same time madly gentle . 
 rashel had the feeling that he 'd decided that since he could n't fight this thing , he might as well be as insane as possible . 
 strangest of all , she found his words reassuring . 
 and there was fire under the ice that seemed to encase him . 
 she could feel that now , and she had the dizzy sense that she was the first one to discover it . 
 they had fallen to the floor somehow , and they were sitting just at the edge of the light . 
 quinn was holding her by the shoulders , precisely , and rashel was astonished at her own response to the clinical grip . 
 it stopped her breath , held her absolutely motionless . 
 then , just as precisely , every movement deliberate , quinn found the end of her scarf and began to unwind it . 
 he was still filled with that mad gentleness , that lunatic calm . 
 and she was n't stopping him . 
 he was going to expose her face , and she was n't doing a thing about it . 
 she wanted him to . 
 in spite of her terror , she wanted him to see her , to know who she was . 
 she wanted to be face to face with him in that strange light that had enveloped both their minds . 
 it did n't seem to matter what happened afterward . 
 she said , `` john . '' 
 he unwound another length of the scarf , preoccupied and intent as if he were making some archaeological discovery . 
 `` you did n't tell me your name . '' 
 it was a statement . 
 he was n't pushing her . 
 she might as well write it out on a death warrant and hand it to him . 
 quinn could reveal himself to humans-but then quinn could disappear completely if he wanted , hole up in some hidden vampire enclave where no human could search him out . 
 rashel could n't . 
 he knew she was a vampire hunter . 
 if he knew her name and her face , he 'd have every power to destroy her . 
 and the scariest thing of all was that some part of her did n't care . 
 he was down to the last turn of the scarf . 
 in a moment her face would be exposed to the air ... and to vampire eyes that could see in this darkness . 
 i 'm rashel , rashel thought . 
 she could n't quite get the words to her lips . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 and at the same instant a light blazed into her eyes . 
 not the ghostly light that had been in her mind . 
 real light , the beams from several high-power flashlights , harsh and horribly bright . 
 they cut through the dark cellar and threw rashel and quinn into stark illumination . 
 rashel gasped . 
 one hand instinctively flew to her scarf to keep it over her face . 
 she felt as if she had been caught naked . 
 and she was horrified to realize that she had n't heard anyone come into the cellar . 
 she had been completely absorbed , oblivious to her surroundings . 
 what had happened to all her training ? 
 what was wrong with her ? 
 she could n't see anything beyond the light . 
 her first thought was that it was quinn 's vampire mends come to save him . 
 he seemed to think it might be , too ; at least he was standing shoulder to shoulder with her , even trying to push her back a little . 
 with an odd pang , rashel realized she could only guess what he was thinking now . 
 the connection between them had been cleanly severed . 
 then a voice came from beyond the terrible brightness , a sharp voice filled with outrage . 
 `` how did he get loose ? 
 what are you two doing ? '' 
 vicky . 
 i 'm going insane , rashel thought . 
 i completely forgot about her and the others coming back . 
 no , i forgot about their existence . 
 but there were more than three flashlights on the stairs . 
 `` the big e sent us some backup , '' vicky was saying , and rashel felt a surge of fear . 
 she counted five flashlights , and in the edges of beams she caught the figures of a couple of sturdy-looking guys . 
 lancers . 
 rashel tried desperately to gather her wits . 
 she knew what had to be done , at least . 
 she nudged quinn with her shoulder and whispered , `` get out of here . 
 there should be another stairway on the other side of the room . 
 when you run for it , i 'll get in their way . '' 
 she pitched her voice so low that only vampire ears could hear it . 
 the good thing about having her face veiled was that nobody could read her lips . 
 but quinn was n't going . 
 he looked as if he 'd just been awakened with a bucketful of ice water . 
 shocked , angry , and still a little dazed . 
 he stood where he was , staring into all the flashlights like an animal at bay . 
 the lights were advancing . 
 rashel could make out vicky 's figure now at the front . 
 there was going to be a fight , and people were going to get killed . 
 steve 's voice said , `` what did he do to you ? '' 
 `` what 's she been doing with him , that 's the question , '' vicky snapped back . 
 then she said clearly , `` remember , everybody , we want him alive . '' 
 rashel gave quinn a harder shove . 
 `` go . '' 
 when he just glared , she hissed , `` do n't you realize what they want to do to you ? '' 
 quinn turned so that the advancing party could n't see his face . 
 he snarled , `` they 're not exactly overjoyed with you either . '' 
 `` i can take care of myself . '' 
 rashel was shaking with frustration . 
 `` just leave . 
 go ! '' 
 quinn looked as angry with her as he was with the hunters . 
 he did n't want her help , she realized . 
 he was n't used to taking anything from anyone , and to be forced to do it made him furious . 
 but there was n't any other choice . 
 and quinn finally seemed to recognize that . 
 with one last glare at her , he broke and headed for the darkness at the other side of the cellar . 
 the flashlights swung in confusion . 
 rashel , glad to be able to move , sprang between the vampire hunters and the stairway . 
 and then there was a lot of fumbling and crashing , with people running into each other and swearing and yelling . 
 rashel enjoyed the chance to work off her frustration . 
 she got in everyone 's way long enough for a very fast vampire to disappear . 
 after which it was just her and the vampire hunters . 
 five flashlights turned on her and seven amazed and angry people staring . 
 rashel got up and brushed herself off . 
 time to face the consequences . 
 she stood , head high , looking at all of them . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 steve said . 
 `` did he hypnotize you ? '' 
 good old steve . 
 rashel felt a rush of warmth toward him . 
 but she could n't use the out he was offering her . 
 she said , `` i do n't know what happened . '' 
 and that was true . 
 she could n't even begin to explain to herself what had gone on between her and the vampire . 
 she 'd never heard of anything like it . 
 `` i think you let him get away on purpose , '' vicky said . 
 rashel could n't see vicky 's pale blue eyes , but she sensed that they were as hard as marbles . 
 `` i think you planned it from the beginning-that 's why you told us to go up to the street . '' 
 `` is that true ? '' 
 one of the flashlights swung down and suddenly nyala was in front of rashel , her body tense , her voice almost pleading . 
 her eyes were fixed on rashel 's , begging rashel to say it was n't so . 
 `` did you do it on purpose ? '' 
 all at once rashel felt very tired . 
 nyala was fragile and unstable , and in her own mind she 'd made rashel into a hero . 
 now that image was being shattered . 
 for nyala 's sake , rashel almost wished she could lie . 
 but that would be worse in the end . 
 she said expressionlessly , `` yes . 
 i did it on purpose . '' 
 nyala recoiled as if rashel had slapped her . 
 i do n't blame you , rashel thought . 
 i think it 's crazy , too . 
 the truth was that the farther away she got from quinn 's presence , the less she could understand what she 'd done . 
 it was beginning to seem like a dream , and not a very clear dream at that . 
 `` but why ? '' 
 one of the lancer boys at the back asked . 
 the lancers knew rashel , knew her reputation . 
 they did n't want to think the worst of her . 
 like nyala , they desperately wanted an excuse . 
 `` i do n't know why , '' rashel said , looking away . 
 `` but he was n't controlling my mind . '' 
 nyala exploded . 
 `` i hate you , '' she burst out . 
 she was trembling with fury , spitting out sentences at rashel like poison darts . 
 `` that vampire could have been the one who killed my sister . 
 or he could have known who did it . 
 i was going to ask him that , but now i 'll never get the chance . 
 because of you . 
 you let him go . 
 we had him and you let him go ! '' 
 `` it 's more than that , '' vicky put in , her voice cold and contemptuous . 
 `` we were going to ask him about those teenage girls getting kidnapped . 
 now we ca n't . 
 so it 's going to keep happening , and it 's all going to be your fault . '' 
 and they were right . 
 even nyala was right . 
 how did rashel know that quinn had n't killed nyala 's sister ? 
 `` you 're a vampire lover , '' vicky was saying . 
 `` i could tell from the beginning . 
 i do n't know , maybe you 're one of those damned daybreakers who wants us all to get along , but you 're not on our side . '' 
 a couple of the lancers started to protest at this , but nyala 's voice cut through them . 
 `` she 's on their side ? '' 
 she stared from vicky to rashel , her body rigid . 
 `` you just wait . 
 just wait until i tell people that rashel is the cat and that she 's really on the night world side . 
 you just wait . '' 
 she 's hysterical , rashel realized . 
 even vicky was looking surprised at this , as if she were uneasy at what she 'd started . 
 `` nyala , listen - '' rashel began . 
 but nyala seemed to have reached some peak of fury at which nothing from outside could touch her . 
 `` i 'll tell everybody in boston ! 
 you 'll see ! '' 
 she whirled around and plunged toward the stairway as if she were going to start doing it right now . 
 rashel stared after her . 
 then she said to vicky , `` you 'd better send a couple of the guys to catch up to her . 
 she 's not safe alone in this neighborhood . '' 
 vicky gave her a look that was half angry and half shaken . 
 `` yeah . 
 okay . 
 everybody but steve go after her . 
 you guys take her home . '' 
 they left , not without a few backward glances at rashel . 
 `` we 'll drive you back , '' vicky said . 
 her voice was n't warm , but it was n't as hostile as it had been . 
 `` i 'll walk to my own car , '' rashel said flatly . 
 `` fine . '' 
 vicky hesitated , then blurted , `` she probably wo n't do what she said . 
 she 's just upset . '' 
 rashel said nothing . 
 nyala had sounded-and looked-as if she meant to do exactly what she said . 
 and if she did ... well , it would be an interesting question as to who would kill rashel first , the vampires or the vampire hunters . 
 wednesday morning dawned with gray skies and icy rain . 
 rashel trudged from class to class at wassa-guscus high , lost in thought . 
 at home , her latest foster family left her alone-they were used to her going her own way . 
 she sat in her small bedroom in the townhouse with the lights dimmed , thinking . 
 she still could n't understand what had happened to her , but with every hour the memory of it was fading steadily . 
 it was too strange to fit into the reality of life , and it became more and more like a dream . 
 one of those dreams in which you do things you would never ordinarily do , and are ashamed of when you wake up in the morning . 
 all that warmth and closeness-she 'd felt that for a vampire ? 
 she 'd been excited by a parasite 's touch ? 
 she 'd wanted to comfort a leech ? 
 and not just any leech , either . 
 the infamous quinn . 
 the legendary human hater . 
 how could she have let him go ? 
 how many people would suffer because of her lapse in sanity ? 
 who knows , she decided finally , maybe it had been some kind of mind control . 
 she certainly could n't make any sense of it otherwise . 
 by thursday , one thing at least was clear in her mind . 
 vicky had been right about the consequences of what she 'd done . 
 rashel had n't thought about that at the time , but now she had to face it . 
 she had to make it right . 
 she had to find the kidnapped girls on her own - if girls were getting kidnapped . 
 there was nothing about missing teenagers in the globe . 
 but if it was happening , rashel had to find out about it and stop it ... if she could . 
 okay . 
 so she 'd go back to mission hill tonight and start investigating . 
 check the warehouse area again-this time , her way . 
 there was one other thing that was clear to her , that became obvious as she got her priorities straight . 
 something she had to do , not for nyala , or for vicky , or for the lancers , but just for herself . 
 for her own honor , and for everybody who lived in the world of sunlight . 
 the next time she saw quinn , she had to kill him . 
 rashel moved along the deserted street , keeping to the shadows , moving silently . 
 not easy when the ground was wet and strewn with broken glass . 
 there were no sidewalks , no grass , no plant life of any kind except the dead weeds in the abandoned lots . 
 just soggy trash and shattered bottles . 
 a grim place . 
 it fit rashel 's mood as she made her way stealthily toward the abandoned project building where vicky had brought them tuesday night . 
 from its front door , she surveyed the rest of the street . 
 lots of warehouses . 
 several of them were protected with high chain-link fences topped with barbed wire . 
 all of them had barred windows-or no windows-and metal freight doors . 
 the security precautions did n't bother rashel . 
 she knew how to cut chain-link and pick locks . 
 what bothered her was that she did n't know where to start . 
 the night people could be using any of the warehouses . 
 even knowing where steve and vicky had fought quinn did n't help , because he had jumped them . 
 he 'd obviously seen them lying in ambush and deliberately gone after them . 
 which meant his real destination could have been any of the buildings on this street-or none of them . 
 all right . 
 patience was indicated here . 
 she 'd just have to start at one end . . 
 rashel lost her thought and leaped back into the shadows before she consciously realized why she was doing it . 
 her ears had picked up a sound-a low rumbling coming from somewhere across the street . 
 she flattened herself against the brick wall behind her , then kept her body absolutely immobile . 
 her eyes darted from building to building and she held her breath to hear better . 
 there . 
 it was coming from inside that warehouse , the one down at the far end of the street . 
 and she could identify it now-the sound of an engine . 
 as she watched , the freight door in the front of the warehouse went sliding up . 
 headlights pierced the night from behind it . 
 a truck was pulling out onto the street . 
 not a very big truck . 
 a u-haul . 
 it cleared the doors and stopped . 
 a figure was pulling the sliding metal door down . 
 now it was making its way to the cab of the u-haul , climbing in . 
 rashel strained her eyes , trying to make out any signs of vampirism in the figure 's movements . 
 she thought she could detect a certain telltale fluidity to the walk , but it was too far away to be sure . 
 and there was nothing else to give her a clue about what was going on . 
 it could be a human , she thought . 
 some warehouse owner going home after a night of balancing books . 
 but her instinct told her differently . 
 the hair at the back of her neck was standing on end . 
 and then , as the truck began to cruise off , something happened that settled her doubts and sent her flying down the street . 
 the back doors of the u-haul opened just a bit , and a girl fell out . 
 she was slender , and a streetlight caught her blond hair . 
 she landed on the rubble-strewn road and lay there for an instant as if dazed . 
 then by the time rashel intercepted the girl , the truck was already braking to turn around . 
 someone was shouting , `` she 's out ! 
 we lost one ! '' 
 `` this way ! '' 
 rashel said , reaching toward the girl with one hand and gesturing with the other . 
 up close , she could see that the girl was small , with disheveled blond hair falling over her forehead . 
 her chest was heaving . 
 instead of looking grateful , she seemed terrified by rashel 's arrival . 
 she stared at rashel a moment , then she tried to dart away . 
 rashel snagged her in midlunge . 
 ` tm your friend ! 
 come on ! 
 we 've got to go between streets , where the truck ca n't follow us . '' 
 the truck was finishing its turn . 
 headlights swept toward them . 
 rashel looped an arm around the girl 's waist and took off at a dead run . 
 the blond girl was carried along . 
 she whimpered but she ran , too . 
 rashel was heading for the area between two of the warehouses . 
 she knew that if there really were vampires in that truck , her only chance was to get herself and the blond girl to her car . 
 the vampires could run much faster than any human . 
 she 'd picked these two warehouses because the chain-link fence behind them was n't too high and had no barbed wire at the top . 
 as they reached it , rashel gave the girl a little shove . 
 `` climb ! '' 
 `` i ca n't ! '' 
 the girl was trembling and gasping . 
 rashel looked her over and realized that it was probably the literal truth . 
 the girl did n't look as if she 'd ever climbed anything in her life . 
 she was wearing what seemed to be party clothes and high heels . 
 rashel saw the truck 's headlights in the street and heard the engine slowing . 
 `` you have to ! '' 
 she said . 
 `` unless you want to go back with them . '' 
 she interlocked her fingers , making a step with her hands . 
 `` here ! 
 put your foot here and then just try to grab on when i bounce you up . '' 
 the girl looked too scared not to try . 
 she put her foot in rashel 's hand-just as the headlights switched off . 
 it was what rashel had expected . 
 the darkness was an advantage to the vampires ; they could see much better in it than humans . 
 they were going to follow on foot . 
 rashel took a breath , then heaved upward explosively as she exhaled . 
 the blond girl went sailing toward the top of the fence with a shriek . 
 a bare instant later , rashel launched herself at the top of the fence , grabbed it , and swung her legs over . 
 she dropped to the ground almost noiselessly and held her arms up to the blond girl . 
 ` let go ! 
 i 'll catch you . '' 
 the girl , who was clambering awkwardly over the top , looked over her shoulder . 
 `` i ca n't - '' `` do it ! '' 
 the girl dropped . 
 rashel broke her fall , set her on her feet , and grabbed her arm above the elbow . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 as they ran , rashel scanned the buildings around them . 
 she needed a corner , someplace where she could get the girl behind her and safe . 
 she could defend a corner-if there were n't more than two or three vampires . 
 `` how many of them are there ? '' 
 she asked the girl . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 the girl was gasping . 
 `` how-many-are-there ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , and i ca n't run anymore ! '' 
 the girl staggered to a halt and bent double , hands on her knees , trying to get her breath back . 
 `` my legs ... are just like jelly . '' 
 it was no use , rashel realized in dismay . 
 she could n't expect this bit of blond fluff to out-sprint a vampire . 
 but if they stopped here in the open , they were dead . 
 she cast a desperate look around . 
 then she saw it . 
 a bostonian tradition-an abandoned car . 
 in this city , if you got tired of your car you just junked it on the nearest embankment . 
 rashel blessed the unknown benefactor who 'd left this one . 
 now , if only they could get in ... `` this way ! '' 
 she did n't wait for the girl to protest , but grabbed her and dragged her . 
 `` come on , you can do it ! 
 make it to that car and you do n't have to run anymore . '' 
 the words seemed to inspire the girl into a last effort . 
 they reached the car and rashel saw that one of the back windows was broken out cleanly . 
 `` in ! '' 
 the girl was small-boned and went through the window easily . 
 rashel dove after her . 
 then she shoved her down into the leg space in front of the seat and hissed , `` do n't make a sound . '' 
 she lay tensely , listening . 
 she barely had time to breathe twice before she heard footsteps . 
 soft footsteps , stealthy as a prowling tiger 's . 
 vampire footsteps . 
 rashel held her breath and waited . 
 closer , closer ... rashel could feel the other girl shaking . 
 she watched the dark ceiling of the car and tried to plan a defense if they were caught . 
 the footsteps were right outside now . 
 she heard the grate of glass not ten feet from the car door . 
 just please do n't let them have a werewolf with them , she thought . 
 vampires might see and hear better than humans , but a werewolf could sniff its prey out . 
 it could n't possibly miss the smell of humans in the car . 
 outside , the footsteps paused , and rashel 's heart sank . 
 eyes open , she silently put her hand on her sword . 
 and then she heard the footsteps moving quickly-away . 
 she listened as they faded , keeping utterly still . 
 then she kept still some more , while she counted to two hundred . 
 then , very carefully , she sat up and looked around . 
 no sight or sound of vampires . 
 `` can i please get up now ? '' 
 came a small whimpering voice from the floor . 
 `` if you keep quiet , '' rashel whispered . 
 `` they still may be somewhere nearby . 
 we 're going to have to get to my car without them catching us . '' 
 `` anything , as long as i do n't have to run , '' the girl said plaintively , emerging from the floor more disheveled than ever . 
 `` have you ever tried to run in four-inch heels ? '' 
 `` i never wear heels , '' rashel murmured , scanning up and down the street . 
 `` okay , i 'll get out first , then you come through . '' 
 she slid out the window feet-first . 
 the girl stuck her head through . 
 `` do n't you ever use doors ? '' 
 `` sh . 
 come on , '' rashel whispered . 
 she led the way through the dark streets , moving from shadow to shadow . 
 at least the girl could walk softly , she thought . 
 and she had a sense of humor even in danger . 
 that was rare . 
 rashel drew a breath of relief when they reached the narrow twisting alley where her saturn was parked . 
 they were n't safe yet , though . 
 she wanted to get the blond girl out of mission hill . 
 `` where do you live ? '' 
 she said , as she started the engine . 
 when there was no answer , she turned . 
 the girl was staring at her with open uneasiness . 
 `` uh , how come you 're dressed like that ? 
 and who are you , anyway ? 
 i mean , i 'm glad you saved me-but i do n't understand anything . '' 
 rashel hesitated . 
 she needed information from this girl , and that was going to take time-and trust . 
 with sudden decision she unwound her scarf , one-handed , until her face was exposed . 
 `` like i said , i 'm a friend . 
 but first just tell me : do you know what kind of people had you in that truck ? '' 
 the girl turned away . 
 she was already shivering with cold ; now she shivered harder . 
 `` they were n't people . 
 they were ... ugh . '' 
 `` then you do know . 
 well , i 'm one of the people that hunts down that kind of people . '' 
 the girl looked from rashel 's face to the sheathed sword that rested between them . 
 her jaw dropped . 
 `` oh , my god ! 
 you 're buffy the vampire slayer ! '' 
 `` huh ? 
 oh . '' 
 rashel had missed the movie . 
 `` right . 
 actually , you can call me rashel . 
 and you 're ... ? '' 
 `` daphne childs . 
 and i live in somerville , but i do n't want to go home . '' 
 `` well , that 's fine , because i want to talk to you . 
 let 's find a dunkin' donuts . '' 
 rashel found one outside of boston , a safe one she knew had no night world connections . 
 she pulled a coat on over her black ninja outfit and lent daphne a spare sweater from the trunk of her car . 
 then they went inside and ordered jelly sticks and hot chocolate . 
 `` now , '' rashel said . 
 `` tell me what happened . 
 how did you end up in that truck ? '' 
 daphne cupped her hands around her hot chocolate . 
 `` it was all so horrible ... '' `` i know . '' 
 rashel tried to make her voice soothing . 
 she had n't had much practice at it . 
 `` try to tell me anyway . 
 start at the beginning . '' 
 `` okay , well , it started at the crypt . '' 
 `` uh , as in ` tales from the ... ' ? 
 or as in the old burial ground ? '' 
 `` as in the club on prentiss street . 
 it 's this underground club , and i mean really underground . 
 i mean , nobody seems to know about it except the people who go there , and they 're all our age . 
 sixteen or seventeen . 
 i never see any adults , not even djs . '' 
 `` go on . '' 
 rashel was listening intently . 
 the night people had clubs , usually carefully hidden from humans . 
 could daphne have wandered into one ? 
 `` well . 
 it 's extremely and seriously cool-or at least that 's what i thought . 
 they have some amazing music . 
 i mean , it 's beyond doom , it 's beyond goth , it 's sort of like void rock . 
 just listening to it makes you go all weird and bodiless . 
 and the whole place is decorated like this post-apocalypse wasteland . 
 or maybe like the underworld ... '' daphne stared off into the distance . 
 her eyes , a very deep cornflower blue under heavy lashes , looked wistful and almost hypnotized . 
 rashel poked her and chocolate slopped onto the table . 
 `` reminisce about it later . 
 what kind of people were in the club ? 
 vampires ? '' 
 `` oh , no . '' 
 daphne looked shocked . 
 `` just regular kids . 
 i know some from my school . 
 and there 's lots of runaways , i guess . 
 street kids , you know . '' 
 rashel blinked . 
 `` runaways ... '' `` yeah . 
 they 're mostly very cool , except the ones who do drugs . 
 those are spooky . '' 
 an illegal club full of runaway kids , some of whom would probably do anything for drugs . 
 rashel could feel her skin tingling . 
 i think i 've stumbled onto something big . 
 `` anyway , '' daphne was going on , `` i 'd been going there for about three weeks , you know , whenever i could get away from home - '' `` you did n't tell your parents about it , '' rashel guessed flatly . 
 `` are you joking ? 
 it 's not a place you tell parents about . 
 anyway , my family does n't care where i go . 
 i 've got four sisters and two brothers and my mom and my step-dad are getting divorced ... they do n't even notice when i 'm gone . '' 
 `` go on , '' rashel said grimly . 
 `` well , there was this guy . '' 
 daphne 's cornflower eyes looked wistful again . 
 `` this guy who was really gorgeous , and really mysterious , and really just-just different from anybody i ever met . 
 and i thought he was maybe interested in me , because i saw him looking at me once or twice , so i sort of joined the girls who were always hanging around him . 
 we used to talk about weird things . '' 
 `` like ? '' 
 `` oh , like surrendering yourself to the darkness and stuff . 
 it was like the music , you know-we were all really into death . 
 like what would be the most horrible way to die , what would be the most awful torture you could live through , what you look like when you 're in your grave . 
 stuff like that . '' 
 `` for god 's sake , why ? '' 
 rashel could n't disguise her revulsion . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 all at once , daphne looked small and sad . 
 `` i guess because most of us felt life was pretty rotten . 
 so you kind of face things , you know , to try to get used to them . 
 you probably do n't understand , '' she added , grimacing . 
 rashel did understand . 
 with a sudden shock , she understood completely . 
 these kids were scared and depressed and worried about the future . 
 they had to do something to deaden the pain ... even if that meant embracing pain . 
 they escaped one darkness by going into another . 
 and am i any different ? 
 i mean , this obsession i 've got with vampires ... it 's not exactly what you 'd call normal and healthy . 
 i spend my whole life dealing with death . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said , and her voice came out more gentle than when she 'd been trying to soothe daphne before . 
 awkwardly , she patted the other girl 's arm once . 
 `` i should n't have yelled . 
 and i do understand , actually . 
 please go on . '' 
 `` well . '' 
 daphne still looked defensive . 
 `` some of the girls would write poetry about dying ... and some of them would prick themselves with pins and lick the blood off . 
 they said they were vampires , you know . 
 just pretending . '' 
 she glanced warily at rashel . 
 rashel simply nodded . 
 `` and so i talked the same way , and did the same stuff . 
 and this guy quinn just seemed to love it-hey , look out ! '' 
 daphne jerked back to avoid a wave of hot chocolate . 
 rashel 's sudden movement had knocked her cup over . 
 oh , god , what is wrong with me ? 
 rashel thought . 
 she said , `` sorry , '' through her teeth , grabbing for a wad of napkins . 
 she should have been expecting it . 
 she had been expecting it ; she knew that quinn must be involved in this . 
 but somehow the mention of his name had knocked the props from under her . 
 she had n't been able to control her reaction . 
 `` so , '' she said , still through her teeth , `` the gorgeous mysterious guy was named quinn . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 daphne wiped chocolate off her arm . 
 `` and i was starting to think he really liked me . 
 he told me to come to the club last sunday and to meet him alone in the parking lot . '' 
 `` and you did . '' 
 oh , i am going to kill him so dead , rashel thought . 
 `` sure . 
 i dressed up ... '' daphne looked down at her bedraggled outfit . 
 `` well , this did look terrific once . 
 so i met him and we went to his car . 
 and then he told me that he 'd chosen me . 
 i was so happy i almost fainted . 
 i thought he meant for his girlfriend . 
 and then ... '' daphne trailed off again . 
 for the first time since she 'd begun the story , she looked frightened . 
 `` then he asked me if i really wanted to surrender to the darkness . 
 he made it sound so romantic . '' 
 `` i bet , '' rashel said . 
 she rested her head on her hand . 
 she could see it all now , and it was the perfect scam . 
 quinn checked the girls out , discovered which would be missed and which would n't . 
 he kidnapped them from the parking lot so that no one saw them , no one even connected them with the crypt . 
 who would notice or care that certain girls stopped showing up ? 
 girls would always be coming and going . 
 and there had been nothing in the newspaper because the daylight world did n't realize that girls were being taken . 
 there probably was n't even a struggle during the abduction , because these girls were willing to go-in the beginning . 
 `` it must have been a shock , '' rashel said dryly , `` to find out that there really was a darkness to surrender to . '' 
 `` uh , yeah . 
 yeah , it was . 
 but i did n't actually find that out then . 
 i just said , sure , i wanted to . 
 i mean , i 'd have said the same thing if he asked me did i really want to watch lawrence welk reruns with him . 
 he was that gorgeous . 
 and he was looking at me in this totally soulful way , and i thought he was going to kiss me . 
 and then ... i fell asleep . '' 
 daphne frowned at her paper cup . 
 `` no , you did n't . '' 
 `` i did . 
 i know it sounds crazy , but i fell asleep and when i woke up i was in this place , this little office in this warehouse . 
 and i was on this iron cot with this pathetic lumpy mattress , and i was chained down . 
 i had chains on my ankles , just like people in jail . 
 and quinn was gone , and there were two other girls chained to other cots . '' 
 without warning , daphne began to cry . 
 rashel handed her a napkin , feeling uncomfortable . 
 `` were the girls from the crypt , too ? '' 
 daphne sniffed . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 they might have been . 
 but they would n't talk to me . 
 they were , like , in a trance . 
 they just lay there and stared at the ceiling . '' 
 `` but you were n't in a trance , '' rashel said thoughtfully . 
 `` somehow you woke up from the mind control . 
 you must be resistant like me . '' 
 `` i do n't know anything about mind control . 
 but i was so scared i pretended to be like the other girls when this guy came to bring us food and take us to the bathroom . 
 i just stared straight ahead like them . 
 i thought maybe that way i would get a chance to escape . '' 
 `` smart girl , '' rashel said . 
 `` and the guy-was it quinn ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i never saw quinn again . 
 it was this blond guy named ivan from the club ; i called him ivan the terrible . 
 and there was a girl who brought us food sometimes-i do n't know her name , but i used to see her at the club , too . 
 they were like quinn ; they each had their own little group , you know . '' 
 at least two others besides quinn , rashel thought . 
 probably more . 
 `` they did n't hurt us or anything , and the office was heated , and the food was okay-but i was so scared , '' daphne said . 
 `` i did n't understand what was going on at all . 
 i did n't know where quinn was , or how i 'd gotten there , or what they were going to do with us . '' 
 she swallowed . 
 rashel did n't understand that last either . 
 what were the vampires doing with the girls in the warehouse ? 
 obviously not killing them out of hand . 
 `` and then last night ... '' daphne 's voice wobbled and she stopped to breathe . 
 `` last night ivan brought this new girl in . 
 he carried her in and put her on a cot . 
 and ... and ... then he bit her . 
 he bit her on the neck . 
 but it was n't a game . '' 
 the cornflower-blue eyes stared into the distance , wide with remembered horror . 
 `` he really bit her . 
 and blood came out and he drank it . 
 and when he lifted his head up i saw his teeth . '' 
 she started to hyperventilate . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 you 're safe now , '' rashel said . 
 `` i did n't know ! 
 i did n't know those things were real ! 
 i thought it was all just ... '' daphne shook her head . 
 `` i did n't know , '' she said softly . 
 `` okay . 
 i know it 's a big shock . 
 but you 've been dealing with it really well . 
 you managed to get away from the truck , did n't you ? 
 tell me about the truck . '' 
 `` well-that was tonight . 
 i could tell day from night by looking at this little window high up . 
 ivan and the girl came and took the chains off us and made us all get in the truck . 
 and then i was really scared-i did n't know where they were taking us , but i heard something about a boat . 
 and i knew wherever it was , i did n't want to go . '' 
 `` i think you 're right about that . '' 
 daphne took another breath . 
 `` so i watched the way ivan shut the door of the truck . 
 he was in back with us . 
 and when he was looking the other way , i sort of jumped at the door and got it open . 
 and then i just fell out . 
 and then i ran-i did n't know which way to go , but i knew i had to get away from them . 
 and then i saw you . 
 and ... i guess you saved my life . '' 
 she considered . 
 `` uh , i do n't know if i remembered to say thank you . '' 
 rashel made a gesture of dismissal . 
 `` no problem . 
 you saved yourself , really . '' 
 she frowned , staring at a drop of chocolate on the plastic table without seeing it . 
 `` well . 
 i am grateful . 
 whatever they were going to do to me , i think it must have been pretty awful . '' 
 a pause , then she said , `` uh , rashel ? 
 do you know what they were going to do to me ? '' 
 well ? '' 
 daphne said . 
 `` i think it 's the slave trade . '' 
 and , rashel thought , i think i was right-this is something big . 
 the night world slave trade had been banned a long time ago-back in medieval days , if she remembered the stories correctly . 
 the council apparently had decided that kidnapping humans and selling them to night people for food or amusement was just too dangerous . 
 but it sounded as if quinn might be reviving it , probably without the council 's permission . 
 how very enterprising of him . 
 i was right about killing him , too , rashel thought . 
 there 's no choice now . 
 he 's as bad as i imagined - and worse . 
 daphne was goggling . 
 `` they were going to make me a slave ? '' 
 she almost yelled . 
 `` sh . '' 
 rashel glanced at the man behind the doughnut counter . 
 `` i think so . 
 well-a slave and a sort of perpetual food supply if you were sold to vampires . 
 probably just dinner if you were going to werewolves . '' 
 daphne 's lips repeated werewolves silently . 
 but rashel was speaking again before she could ask about it . 
 `` look , daphne-did you get any idea about where you might be going ? 
 you said they mentioned a boat . 
 but a boat to where ? 
 what city ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 they never talked about any city . 
 they just said the boat was ready ... and something about an aunt-clave . '' 
 she pronounced it ont-clave . 
 `` the girl said , ` when we get to the aunt-clave ... ' '' daphne broke off as rashel grabbed her wrist . 
 `` an enclave , '' rashel whispered . 
 thin chills of excitement were running through her . 
 `` they were talking about an enclave . '' 
 daphne nodded , looking alarmed . 
 `` i guess . '' 
 this was big . 
 this was ... bigger than big . 
 it was incredible . 
 a vampire enclave . 
 the kidnapped girls were being taken to one of the hidden enclaves , one of the secret strongholds no vampire hunter had ever managed to penetrate . 
 no human had even discovered the location of one . 
 if i could get there ... if i could get in ... she could learn enough to destroy a whole town of vampires . 
 wipe an enclave off the face of the earth . 
 she knew she could . 
 `` uh , rashel ? 
 you 're hurting me . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 rashel let go of daphne 's arm . 
 `` now , listen , '' she said fiercely . 
 `` i saved your life , right ? 
 i mean , they were going to do terrible things to you . 
 so you owe me , right ? '' 
 `` yeah , sure ; sure , i owe you . '' 
 daphne made pacifying motions with her hands . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm fine . 
 but i need your help . 
 i want you to tell me everything about that club . 
 everything i need to get in-and get chosen . '' 
 daphne stared at her . 
 `` i 'm sorry ; you 're crazy . '' 
 `` no , no . 
 i know what i 'm doing . 
 as long as they do n't know i 'm a vampire hunter , it 'll be okay . 
 i have to get to that enclave . '' 
 daphne slowly shook her blond head . 
 `` what , you 're going to , like , slay them all ? 
 by yourself ? 
 ca n't we just tell the police ? '' 
 `` not all by myself . 
 i could take a couple of other vampire hunters to help me . 
 and as for the police ... '' rashel stopped and sighed . 
 `` okay . 
 i guess there are some things i should explain . 
 then maybe you 'll understand better . '' 
 she raised her eyes and looked at daphne steadily . 
 `` first , i should tell you about the night world . 
 look , even before you met those vampires , did n't you ever have the feeling that there was something eerie going on , right alongside our world and all mixed up in it ? '' 
 she made it as simple as she could , and tried to answer daphne 's questions patiently . 
 and at last , daphne sat back , looking sick and more frightened than rashel had seen her yet . 
 `` they 're all over , '' daphne said , as if she still did n't believe it . 
 `` in the police departments . 
 in the government . 
 and nobody 's ever been able to do anything about them . '' 
 `` the only people who 've had any success are the ones who work secretly , in small groups or alone . 
 we stay hidden . 
 we 're very careful . 
 and we weed them out , one by one . 
 that 's what it means to be a vampire hunter . '' 
 she leaned forward . 
 `` now do you see why it 's so important for me to get to that enclave ? 
 it 's a chance to get at a whole bunch of them all at once , to wipe out one of their hiding places . 
 not to mention stopping the slave trade . 
 do n't you think it should be stopped ? '' 
 daphne opened her mouth , shut it again . 
 `` okay , '' she said finally , and sighed . 
 `` i 'll help . 
 i can tell you what to talk about , how to act . 
 at least what worked for me . '' 
 she cocked her head . 
 `` you 're going to have to dress differently ... '' `` i 'll get a couple of other vampire hunters and we 'll meet tomorrow after school . 
 let 's say six-thirty . 
 right now , i 'm taking you home . 
 you need to sleep . '' 
 she waited to see if daphne would object , but the other girl just nodded and sighed again . 
 `` yeah . 
 you know , after some of the things i 've learned , home 's starting to look good . '' 
 `` just one more thing , '' rashel said . 
 `` you ca n't tell anybody about what happened to you . 
 tell them anything-that you ran away , whatever-but not the truth . 
 okay ? '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` and especially do n't tell anyone about me . 
 got it ? 
 my life may depend on it . '' 
 `` elliot 's not here . '' 
 the voice on the telephone was cold and as hostile as rashel had ever heard it . 
 `` vicky , i need to talk to him . 
 or somebody . 
 i 'm telling you , this is our chance to get to an enclave . 
 the girl from the warehouse heard them talking about it . '' 
 it was friday afternoon and rashel was phoning from a booth near her school . 
 vicky was speaking heavily . 
 `` we staked out that street for days and did n't see anything , but you just happened to be in the right place at the right time to help a girl escape . '' 
 `` yes . 
 i already told you . '' 
 `` well , that was convenient , was n't it ? '' 
 rashel gripped the handset more tightly . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` just that it would be a very dangerous thing , going to a vampire enclave . 
 and that a person would have to really trust whoever was giving them the information about it . 
 you 'd have to be sure it was n't a trap . '' 
 rashel stared at the phone buttons , controlling her breathing . 
 `` i see . '' 
 `` yes , well , you do n't have much credibility around here anymore . 
 not since letting that vampire get away . 
 and this sounds like just the sort of thing you 'd do if you were in on it with them . '' 
 great , rashel thought . 
 i 've managed to convince her that i really am a vampire sympathizer . 
 aloud she said , `` is that what nyala is telling everybody ? 
 that i 'm working with the night world ? '' 
 `` i do n't know what nyala is doing . '' 
 vicky sounded waspish and a little uneasy . 
 `` i have n't seen her since tuesday and nobody answers at her house . '' 
 rashel tried to make her voice calm and reasonable . 
 `` will you at least tell elliot what i 'm doing ? 
 then he can call me if he wants to . '' 
 `` do n't hold your breath , '' vicky said , and hung up . 
 great . 
 terrific . 
 rashel replaced the handset wondering if she was n't supposed to hold her breath until elliot called , or until vicky passed on the message . 
 one thing was clear : she could n't count on any help from the lancers . 
 or any other vampire hunters . 
 nyala could be spreading any kind of rumors , and rashel did n't dare even call another group . 
 there was no choice . 
 she 'd have to do it alone . 
 that night she went to daphne 's house . 
 `` well , she 's grounded , '' mrs. childs said at the door . 
 she was a small woman with a baby in one hand , a pampers in the other , and a toddler clutching her leg . 
 `` but i guess you can go upstairs . '' 
 upstairs , daphne had to chase a younger sister out of the bedroom before rashel could sit down . 
 `` you see , i do n't even have a room of my own , '' she said . 
 `` and you 're grounded . 
 but you 're alive , '' rashel said , and raised her eyebrows . 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` oh . 
 hi . '' 
 daphne looked embarrassed . 
 then she smiled , sitting cross-legged on her bed . 
 `` you 're wearing normal clothes . '' 
 rashel glanced down at her sweater and jeans . 
 `` yeah , the ninja outfit 's just my career uniform . '' 
 daphne grinned . 
 `` well , you 're still going to have to look different if you 're going to get into the club . 
 should we start now , or do you want to wait for the others ? '' 
 rashel stared at a row of perfume bottles on the dresser across the room . 
 `` there are n't going to be any others . '' 
 `` but i thought you said ... '' `` look . 
 it 's hard to explain , but i 've had a little problem with the vampire hunters around here . 
 so i 'm doing it without them . 
 it 's no problem . 
 we can start now . '' 
 `` well ... '' daphne pursed her lips . 
 she looked different from the disheveled wild creature rashel had rescued from the street last night . 
 her blond hair was soft and fluffy , her cornflower blue eyes were large and innocent , her face was round and sweet . 
 she was fashionably dressed and she seemed relaxed , in her own element in this normal teenager 's room . 
 it was rashel who felt out of place . 
 `` well ... do you want to just take along a friend or something ? '' 
 daphne asked . 
 `` i do n't have a friend , '' rashel said flatly . 
 `` and i do n't want one . 
 friends are people to worry about , they 're baggage . 
 i do n't like baggage . '' 
 daphne blinked slowly . 
 `` but at school ... '' `` i do n't stay at schools more than one year at a time . 
 i live with foster families , and i usually get myself sent to a new city every year . 
 that way i stay ahead of the vampires . 
 look , this is n't about me , okay ? 
 what i want to know - '' `` but ... '' daphne was staring at the mirror . 
 rashel followed her gaze to see that the reflecting surface was almost completely covered by pictures . 
 pictures of daphne with guys , daphne with other girls . 
 daphne counted her friends in droves , apparently . 
 `` but does n't that get lonely ? '' 
 `` no , it does n't get lonely , '' rashel said through her teeth . 
 she found herself getting rough with the lacy little throw pillow on her lap . 
 `` i like being on my own . 
 now are we done with the press conference ? '' 
 looking hurt , daphne nodded . 
 `` okay . 
 i talked with some people at school and everything at the dub is going on the same as usual-except that quinn has n't been there since sunday . 
 ivan and the girl were there tuesday and wednesday , but not quinn . '' 
 `` oh , really ? '' 
 that was interesting . 
 rashel had known from the beginning that her greatest problem was going to be quinn . 
 the other two vampires had n't seen her-she did n't think they even realized that daphne had run off with a vampire hunter last night . 
 but quinn had spoken to her . 
 had been ... very close to her . 
 still , what could he have seen in that cellar , even with his vampire vision ? 
 not her face . 
 not even her hair . 
 her ninja outfit covered her from neck to wrist to ankle . 
 all he could possibly know was that she was tall . 
 if she changed her voice and kept her eyes down , he should n't be able to recognize her . 
 but it would be easier still if he were n't there in the first place , and rashel could try her act on ivan . 
 `` that reminds me , '' she said . 
 `` ivan and the girl - are their little groups into death , too ? '' 
 daphne nodded . 
 `` everybody in the whole place is , basically . 
 it 's that kind of place . '' 
 a perfect place for vampires , in other words . 
 rashel wondered briefly if the night people owned the dub or if some obliging humans had just constructed the ideal habitat for them . 
 she 'd have to check into that . 
 `` actually , '' daphne was saying , a little shyly , `` i 've got a poem here for you . 
 i thought you could say you wrote it . 
 it would sort of prove you were into the same thing as the other girls . '' 
 rashel took the piece of notebook paper and read : there 's warmth in ice ; there 's cooling peace in fire , and midnight light to show us all the way . 
 the dancing flame becomes a funeral pyre ; the dark was more enticing than the day . 
 she looked up at daphne sharply . 
 `` you wrote this before you knew about the night world ? '' 
 daphne nodded . 
 `` it 's the kind of thing quinn liked . 
 he used to say he was the darkness and the silence and things like that . '' 
 rashel wished she had quinn right there in the room , along with a large stake . 
 these young girls were like moths to his flame , and he was taking advantage of their innocence . 
 he was n't even pretending to be harmless ; instead he was encouraging them to love their own destruction . 
 making them think it was their idea . 
 `` about your clothes , '' daphne was going on . 
 `` my friend mamie is about your size and she lent me this stuff . 
 try it on and we 'll see if it looks right . '' 
 she tossed rashel a bundle . 
 rashel unfolded it , examined it doubtfully . 
 a few minutes later she was examining herself even more doubtfully in the mirror . 
 she was wearing a velvety black jumpsuit which clung to her like a second skin . 
 it was cut in a very low v in front , but the sleeves reached down in gothic points on the backs of her hands almost to the middle finger . 
 around her neck was a black leather choker that looked to her like a dog collar . 
 she said , `` i do n't know ... '' `` no , no , you look great . 
 sort of like a betsey johnson ultra model . 
 walk a little ... turn around ... okay , yeah . 
 now all we have to do is paint your fingernails black , add a little makeup , and - '' daphne stopped and frowned . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` it 's the way you walk . 
 you walk like-well , like them , actually . 
 like the vampires . 
 as if you 're stalking something . 
 and you do n't ever make a noise . 
 they 're going to know you 're a vampire hunter from the way you move . '' 
 it was a good point , but rashel did n't know what to do about it . 
 `` um ... '' `` i 've got it , '' daphne said brightly . 
 `` we 'll put you in heels . '' 
 `` oh , no , '' rashel said . 
 `` there is absolutely no way i 'm going to wear those things . '' 
 `` but it 'll be perfect , see ? 
 you wo n't be able to walk normally . '' 
 `` no , and i wo n't be able to run , either . '' 
 `` but you are n't going there to run . 
 you 're going to talk and dance and stuff . '' 
 hands on her hips , she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't know , rashel , you really need somebody to go there with you , to help you with this stuff ... '' daphne stopped and her eyes narrowed . 
 she stared at the mirror for a moment , then she nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 that 's it . 
 there 's no other choice , '' she said , expelling her breath . 
 she turned to face rashel squarely . 
 `` i 'll just have to go with you myself . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you need somebody with you ; you ca n't do this all alone . 
 and there 's nobody better than me . 
 i 'll go with you and this time we 'll both get chosen . '' 
 rashel sat on the bed . 
 `` i 'm sorry ; this time you 're crazy . 
 you 're the last person the vampires would ever choose . 
 you know all about them . '' 
 `` but they do n't know that , '' daphne said serenely . 
 `` i told everybody at school today that i did n't remember anything that happened from sunday on . 
 i had to tell them something , you know . 
 so i said that i never got to meet quinn ; that i did n't know what happened to me , but i woke up last night alone on this street in mission hill . '' 
 rashel tried to think . 
 would any of the vampires believe this story ? 
 the answer surprised her . 
 they just might . 
 if daphne had begun to come out of the mind control while she was in the truck ... if she had jumped out and started running , only to become fully conscious a little while later . . . . 
 yes . 
 it could work . 
 the vampires would assume that she 'd have amnesia for the whole period she was in a trance , and maybe for a little before . 
 it could work ... `` but it 's too dangerous , '' she said . 
 `` even if i let you go to the club with me , i could never let you get chosen . '' 
 `` why not ? 
 you already said i must be resistant to their mind-control thingy , right ? '' 
 daphne 's blue eyes were sparking with energy and her cheeks were flushed . 
 `` so that makes me perfect for the job . 
 i can do it . 
 i know i can help you . '' 
 rashel stood helplessly . 
 take this fluffy bunny of a girl to a vampire enclave ? 
 let her get sold as a slave to bloodsucking monsters ? 
 ask her to fight ruthless snakes like quinn ? 
 `` i like to work alone , '' she said in a hard voice . 
 daphne folded her arms over her chest , refusing to be intimidated . 
 `` well , maybe it 's time you tried something different . 
 look , i 've never met anyone like you . 
 you 're so independent , so adventurous , so -- amazing . 
 but even you ca n't do everything by yourself . 
 i know i 'm not a vampire hunter , but i 'd like to be your friend . 
 maybe you should try trusting a friend this time . '' 
 her eyes met rashel 's , and at that moment she did n't look like a fluffy bunny , but like a small , confident , and intelligent young woman . 
 `` besides , it was me who got kidnapped , '' daphne said , shrugging . 
 `` do n't you think i should get to pay them back a little ? '' 
 rashel caught herself almost grinning . 
 she could n't help liking this girl , or feeling a glow of warmth at her praise . 
 but still ... she drew in a careful breath and watched daphne closely . 
 `` and you 're not scared ? '' 
 `` of course i 'm scared . 
 i 'd be stupid not to be . 
 but i 'm not so scared i ca n't go . '' 
 it was the right answer . 
 rashel looked around the cluttered lacy room and nodded slowly . 
 at last she how long since he 'd identified with humans ? 
 that had all stopped the day he stopped being human himself . 
 not at the moment he 'd stopped being human , though . 
 at first all his anger had been for hunter redfern ... waking up from the dead was an experience you do n't forget . 
 for quinn , it happened in the redfern cabin on a husk mattress in front of the fire . 
 he opened his eyes to see three beautiful girls leaning over him . 
 garnet , with her wine-colored hair shining in the ruby light , lily with her black hair and her eyes like topaz , and dove , his own dove , brown-haired and gentle , with anxious love in her face . 
 that was when hunter informed him that he 'd been dead for three days . 
 `` i told your father you 'd gone to plymouth ; do n't tell him otherwise . 
 and do n't try to move yet ; you 're too weak . 
 we 'll bring in something soon and you can feed . '' 
 he stood behind his daughters , his arms around them , all of them looking down at quinn . 
 `` be happy . 
 you 're one of us now . '' 
 but all quinn felt was horror-and pain . 
 when he put his thumbs to his teeth , he found the source of the pain . 
 his canine teeth were as long as a wildcat 's and they throbbed at the slightest touch . 
 he was a monster . 
 an unholy creature who needed blood to survive . 
 hunter redfern had been telling the truth about his family , and he 'd changed quinn into one of them . 
 insane with fury , quinn jumped up and tried to get his hands around hunter 's throat . 
 and hunter just laughed , fending off the attack easily . 
 the next thing quinn knew , he was running down the blazed trail in the forest , heading for his father 's house . 
 staggering and stumbling down the trail , rather . 
 he was almost too weak to walk . 
 then suddenly dove was beside him . 
 little dove who looked as if she could n't outrun a flower . 
 she steadied him , held him up , and tried to convince him to go back . 
 but quinn could only think of one thing : getting to his father . 
 his father was a minister ; his father would know what to do . 
 his father would help . 
 and dove , at last , agreed to go with him . 
 later quinn would realize that of course he should have known better . 
 they reached quinn 's home . 
 at that point , if quinn was afraid of anything , it was that his father would n't believe this wild story of bloodthirst and death . 
 but one look at quinn 's new teeth convinced his father of everything . 
 he could recognize a devil when he saw one , he said . 
 and he knew his duty . 
 like every puritan 's , it was to cast out sin and evil wherever he found it . 
 with that , his father picked up a brand from the fire-a good piece of seasoned pine-and then grabbed dove by the hair . 
 it was around this time that the screaming started , the screaming quinn would be able to hear forever after if he listened . 
 dove was too gentle to put up much of a fight . 
 and quinn himself was too weak to save her . 
 he tried . 
 he threw himself on top of dove to shield her from the stake . 
 he would always have the scar on his side to prove it . 
 but the wood that nicked him pierced dove to the heart . 
 she died looking up at him , the light in her brown eyes going out . 
 then everything was confusion , with his father chasing him , crying , brandishing the bloody stake pulled from dove 's body . 
 it ended when hunter red-fern appeared at the door with lily and garnet . 
 they took quinn and dove home with them , while quinn 's father went running to the neighbors for help . 
 he wanted help burning the redfern cabin down . 
 that was when hunter said it , the thing that severed quinn 's ties with his old world . 
 he looked down at his dead daughter and said , `` she was too gentle to live in a world full of humans . 
 do you think you can do any better ? '' 
 and quinn , dazed and starving , so frightened and full of horror that he could n't talk , decided then that he would . 
 humans were the enemy . 
 no matter what he did , they would never accept him . 
 he had become something they could only hate-so he might as well become it thoroughly . 
 `` you see , you do n't have a family anymore , '' hunter mused . 
 `` unless it 's the redferns . '' 
 since then , quinn had thought of himself only as a vampire . 
 he shook his head , feeling clearer than he had for days . 
 the girl had disturbed him . 
 the girl in the cellar , the girl whose face he had never seen . 
 for two days after that night , all he could think of was somehow finding her . 
 what had happened between them ... well , he still did n't understand that . 
 if she had been a witch , he 'd have thought she bewitched him . 
 but she was human . 
 and she 'd made him doubt everything he knew about humans . 
 she 'd awakened feelings that had been sleeping since dove died in his arms . 
 but now ... now he thought it was just as well he had n't been able to find her . 
 because the cellar girl was n't just human , she was a vampire hunter . 
 like his father . 
 his father , who , wild-eyed and sobbing , had driven the stake through dove 's heart . 
 as always , quinn felt himself losing his grip on sanity as he remembered it . 
 what a pity that he 'd have to kill the cellar girl the next time he saw her . 
 but there was no help for it . 
 vampire hunters were worse than the ordinary human vermin , who were just stupid . 
 vampire hunters were the sin and the evil that had to be cast out . 
 the night world was the only world . 
 and i have n't been to the dub in a week , quinn thought , showing his teeth . 
 he laughed out loud , a strange and brittle sound . 
 well , i guess i 'd better go tonight . 
 it 's all part of the great dance , you see , he thought to the cellar girl , who of course could n't hear him . 
 the dance of life and death . 
 the dance that 's going on right this minute all over the world , in african savannas and arctic snowfields and the bushes in boston common . 
 killing and eating . 
 hunting and dying . 
 a spider snags a bluebottle fly ; a polar bear grabs a seal . 
 a coyote springs on a rabbit . 
 it 's the way the world has always been . 
 humans were part of it , too , except that they let slaughterhouses do the killing for them and received their prey in the form of mcdonald 's hamburgers . 
 there was an order to things . 
 the dance required that someone be the hunter and someone else be the hunted . 
 with all those young girls longing to offer themselves to the darkness , it would be cruel of quinn not to provide a darkness to oblige them . 
 they were all only playing their parts . 
 quinn headed for the club , laughing in a way that scared even him . 
 the club was only a few streets away from the warehouse , rashel noted . 
 made sense . 
 everything about this operation had the stamp of efficiency , and she sensed quinn 's hand in that . 
 i wonder what he 's getting paid to provide the girls for sale ? 
 she thought . 
 she 'd heard that quinn liked money . 
 `` remember , once we get inside , you do n't know me , '' she said to daphne . 
 `` it 's safer for both of us that way . 
 they might suspect something if they knew that first you escaped and now you 're turning up with a stranger . '' 
 `` got it . '' 
 daphne looked excited and a little scared . 
 under her coat , she was wearing a slinky black top and a brief skirt , and her black-stockinged legs twinkled as she ran toward the club door . 
 under rashel 's coat , hidden in the lining , was a knife . 
 like her sword , it was made of lignum vitae , the hardest wood on earth . 
 the sheath had several interesting secret compartments . 
 it was the knife of a ninja , and sensei , who had taught rashel the martial arts , would n't have approved at all . 
 he would n't have approved of rashel made it in , too , her story must have passed inspection . 
 that was a relief . 
 inside , the place looked like hell . 
 not a shambles . 
 it literally looked like hell . 
 hades . 
 the underworld . 
 the lights turned it into a place of infernal fire and twisting purple shadows . 
 the music was weird and dissonant and sounded to rashel as if it were being played backward . 
 she caught scraps of conversation as she walked across the floor . '' 
 ... going out dumpster diving later ... '' '' ... no money . 
 so i got ta jack somebody ... '' '' ... told mummy i 'd be at the key-dub meeting ... '' you get a real cross section here , she thought dryly . 
 everybody had one thing in common , though ; they were young . 
 kids . 
 the oldest looked about eighteen . 
 the youngest-well , there were a few girls rashel would put at twelve . 
 she had an impulse to go back and insert something wooden into ivan . 
 a slow fire that had started in her chest when she first heard about the crypt was burning hotter and hotter with everything she saw here . 
 this entire place is a snare , a gigantic venus ' flytrap , she thought as she took off her coat and added it to a pile on the floor . 
 but if she wanted to shut it down , she had to stay cool , stick to her plan . 
 standing by a cast-iron column , she scanned the room for vampires . 
 and there , standing with a little group that in-duded daphne , was quinn . 
 it gave rashel an odd shock to see him , and she wanted to look away . 
 she could n't . 
 he was laughing , and somehow that caught hold of her like a fishhook . 
 for a moment the morbid lighting of the room seemed rainbow-colored in the radiance shed by that laughter . 
 appalled , rashel realized that her face had flushed and her heart was beating fast . 
 i hate him , she thought , and this was true . 
 she did hate him for what he was doing to her . 
 he made her feel unmoored and adrift . 
 confused . 
 helpless . 
 she understood why those girls were clustered around him , longing to fling themselves into his darkness like a bunch of virgin sacrifices jumping into a volcano . 
 i mean , what else do you do with a guy like that ? 
 she thought . 
 kill him . 
 it would be the only solution even if he were n't a vampire , she decided with sudden insane cheer . 
 because prolonged contact with that smile was obviously going to annihilate her . 
 rashel blinked rapidly , getting a grip on herself . 
 all right . 
 concentrate on that , on the job to be done . 
 she was going to have to kill him , but not now ; right now she had to get herself chosen . 
 walking carefully on her heels , she went over to join quinn 's group . 
 he did n't see her at first . 
 he was facing daphne and a couple of other girls , laughing frequently - too frequently . 
 he looked wild and a little feverish to rashel . 
 a sort of devilish mad hatter at an insane tea party . '' 
 ... and i just felt so totally awful that i did n't get to meet you , '' daphne was saying , `` and i just wish i knew what happened , because it was just so seriously weird ... '' she was telling her story , rashel realized . 
 at least none of the people listening seemed openly suspicious . 
 `` i have n't seen you here before , '' came a voice behind her . 
 it belonged to a striking girl with dark hair , very pale skin , and eyes like amber or topaz ... or a hawk 's . 
 rashel froze , every muscle tensing , trying to keep her face expressionless . 
 another vampire . 
 she was sure of it . 
 the camellia-petal skin , the light in the eyes ... this must be the girl vampire who 'd brought daphne food in the warehouse . 
 `` no , this is my first time , '' rashel said , making her voice light and eager . 
 `` my name 's shelly . '' 
 it was close enough to her own name that she would turn automatically if anyone said it . 
 `` i 'm lily . '' 
 the girl said it without warmth , and those hawklike eyes continued to bore straight into rashel 's . 
 rashel had to struggle to stay on her feet . 
 it 's lily redfern , she thought , working desperately to keep an idiot smile plastered on her face . 
 i know it is . 
 how many lily 's can there be who 'd be working with quinn ? 
 i 've got a redfern right here in front of me . 
 i 've got hunter redfern 's daughter here . 
 for an instant she was tempted to simply make a dash for her knife . 
 killing a celebrity like lily seemed almost worth giving up the enclave . 
 but on the other hand , hunter redfern was a moderate sort of vampire , with a lot of influence on the night world council . 
 he helped keep other vampires in line . 
 striking at him through his daughter would just make him mad , and then he might start listening to the councilors who wanted to slaughter humans in droves . 
 and rashel would lose any hope of getting at the heart of the slave trade , where the real scum were . 
 i hate politics , rashel thought . 
 but she was already beaming at lily , prattling for all she was worth . 
 `` it was my friend marnie who told me about this place , and i 'm really glad i came because it 's even better than i thought , and i 've got this poem i wrote - '' `` really . 
 well , i 'm dying not to hear it , '' lily said . 
 her hawklike eyes had lost interest . 
 her face was filled with open contempt-she 'd dismissed rashel as a hopeless fawning idiot . 
 she walked away without glancing back . 
 two tests passed . 
 one to go . 
 `` that 's what i like about lily . 
 she 's just so absolutely cold , '' a girl beside rashel said . 
 she had wavy bronze hair and bee-stung lips . 
 `` hi , i 'm juanita , '' she added . 
 and she 's serious , rashel thought as she introduced herself . 
 quinn 's group had noticed her at last , and they all seemed to agree with juanita . 
 they were fascinated by lily 's cold personality , her lack of feeling . 
 they saw it as strength . 
 yeah , because feeling hurts . 
 maybe i should worship her , too , rashel thought . 
 she was finding too many things in common with these girls . 
 `` lily the ice princess , '' another girl murmured . 
 `` it 's like she 's not even really from earth at all . 
 it 's like she 's from another planet . '' 
 `` hold that thought , '' a new voice said , a crisp , laughing , slightly insane voice . 
 the effect it had on rashel was remarkable . 
 it made her back stiffen and sent tingles up her palms . 
 it closed her throat . 
 okay , test number three , she thought , drawing on every ounce of discipline she 'd learned in the martial arts . 
 do n't lose zanshin . 
 stay loose , stay frosty , and go with it . 
 you can do this . 
 or not to meet them so much as graze past them , before concentrating on his chin . 
 she did n't dare stare directly into them for long . 
 `` maybe she is from another planet , '' quinn was saying to the girl . 
 `` maybe she 's not human . 
 maybe i 'm not , either . '' 
 that 's right , rashel thought . 
 make fun of them by telling them a truth they wo n't believe . 
 but , she noticed , quinn looked more as if he did n't care what they found out than as if he were mocking them . 
 `` maybe she 's from another world . 
 did you ever think of that ? '' 
 rashel was confused again . 
 quinn seemed to be trying to get himself killed . 
 he appeared to be verging on telling these girls about the night world , and under the laws of the night world , that was punishable by death . 
 you 're really slipping , rashel thought . 
 first the slave trade , now this . 
 i thought you were supposed to be such a stickler for the law . 
 `` there are darker dimensions , '' quinn was confiding to the group , `` than you have ever imagined . 
 but , you see , it 's all part of life 's grand design , so it 's all right . 
 did you know '' - he put his arm around a girl 's shoulders , gesturing outward as if inviting her to look at some horizon - `` that there 's a certain kind of wasp that lays its eggs in the body of a caterpillar ? 
 a live caterpillar . 
 and it stays alive , you see , while the eggs hatch and the little waspettes eat it from the inside out . 
 now , who do you think invented that ? '' 
 rashel wondered if vampires could get drunk . 
 `` that would probably be the most horrible way to die , '' daphne chimed in , her musical voice ghoulish . 
 `` being eaten by insects . 
 or maybe being burned . '' 
 `` it would probably depend on how fast you burned , '' quinn said meditatively . 
 `` a flash of fire-high enough temperature-you bum the nerves out in the first few seconds . 
 slow baking would be different . '' 
 `` i 'm writing a poem about fire , '' rashel said . 
 she was surprised to find that she was annoyed because quinn did n't really seem to have noticed her . 
 on second thought , she should be annoyed ; her plan depended on him not only noticing but choosing her . 
 she was going to have to capture his attention . 
 `` do you have it with you ? '' 
 daphne was asking helpfully . 
 `` no , but i can tell you the beginning , '' rashel said . 
 she braced herself to look at quinn as she recited : `` there 's warmth in ice ; there 's cooling peace in fire , and midnight light to show us all the way . 
 the dancing flame becomes a funeral pyre ; the dark was more enticing than the day . '' 
 quinn blinked . 
 then he smiled , and he looked rashel over , dearly taking notice of the velvet jumpsuit and ending with her face . 
 he looked everywhere ... except into her eyes . 
 `` that 's right ; you 've got it , '' he said with that same brittle exhilaration . 
 `` and there 's plenty of dark out there for everyone . '' 
 rashel 's worry that he might look too deep if he met her gaze was groundless . 
 quinn did n't seem to be really seeing anybody here . 
 `` there is plenty of darkness , '' rashel said . 
 she moved toward him , feeling strangely brave . 
 her instincts sensed a weakness in him , a flaw . 
 `` it 's everywhere . 
 it 's inescapable . 
 so the only thing we can do is embrace it . '' 
 she was standing right in front of him now , looking at his mouth . 
 `` if we hold it dose , it wo n't hurt so much . '' 
 `` well . 
 exactly . '' 
 quinn showed his teeth , but it was n't the manic smile . 
 it was a grimace . 
 he did n't look happy anymore ; suddenly , for just an instant , he looked tired and sick . 
 he was almost leaning away from rashel . 
 `` i came here so i could do that , '' rashel said in a sultry voice . 
 she was scaring herself a little . 
 in the name of the charade , she was doing everything she could to seduce him-but it was surprisingly easy and surprisingly enjoyable . 
 there was a sort of tingling all over her body , as if the jumpsuit had picked up a charge . 
 `` i came to look for the darkness , '' she said . 
 softly . 
 quinn laughed abruptly . 
 the feverish good humor came flooding back . 
 `` and you found it , '' he said . 
 he went on laughing and laughing , and he reached out to touch rashel 's cheek . 
 do n't let him touch you ! 
 the thought flashed through rashel 's mind and communicated to her muscles in an instant . 
 without knowing how she knew , she was certain that if he touched her , it would all be over . 
 it was skin-to-skin contact that had nearly fried every circuit in her brain before . 
 she danced back from his fingertips and smiled teasingly , while her heart tried to pound its way out of her chest . 
 `` this place is so crowded , '' she said throatily . 
 `` huh ? 
 oh . 
 then why do n't we schedule something more private ? 
 i could pick you up tomorrow night . 
 say seven o'clock in the parking lot . '' 
 bingo . 
 `` but quinn . '' 
 it was daphne , looking aggrieved . 
 `` you told me to meet you tomorrow . '' 
 she trembled her chin . 
 quinn stared at her , and for once , rashel could read his face easily . 
 he was thinking that anybody that stupid deserved it . 
 `` well , you can both come , '' he said expansively . 
 `` why not ? 
 the more the merrier . '' 
 he walked away laughing and laughing . 
 rashel watched him go , resisting an impulse to shake her head . 
 she 'd done it ; she 'd passed the last test and been chosen . 
 so why was her heart still pounding ? 
 she glanced out of the side of her eye at daphne . 
 `` well , i do n't know about anybody else , but i 've had enough excitement for tonight . '' 
 she went to get her coat , with the rest of quinn 's coterie glaring jealously after her . 
 she had one enjoyable experience on the way out . 
 ivan , still slouching , tried to stop her at the door . 
 `` shelly , hey . 
 i thought we were going to get to know each other better . '' 
 rashel did n't need him anymore ; she had her invitation . 
 `` i 'd rather get to know a head louse , '' she said in her sweet chatty voice , and she stepped on his foot hard with her high heel . 
 in the car , she waited a full twenty minutes , watching the front of the club , before daphne joined her . 
 `` sorry , but i did n't want anybody to think we were leaving together . '' 
 `` you did a great job , '' rashel said , driving away . 
 `` you even managed to get both of us invited to meet quinn together-that was dangerous , but it worked . 
 the only thing that surprised me is that he invited us in front of everybody . 
 is that how he did it before ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not at all . 
 last time , he sort of whispered it to me when nobody was around . 
 but , you know , nothing was normal tonight . 
 i mean , he usually asks new girls questions-i guess to figure out if they have families who 'll miss them . 
 and he is n't usually that-that ... '' `` manic ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i wonder what 's going on with him ? '' 
 rashel pressed her lips together and stared straight ahead through the windshield . 
 `` you sure you want to go through with this ? '' 
 it was sunday night and they were nearing the parking lot of the crypt . 
 `` i 've told you and told you , '' daphne said . 
 `` i 'm ready . 
 i can do it . '' 
 `` okay . 
 but , listen , if there 's any trouble , i want you to run . 
 run away from the club and do n't look back for me . 
 all right ? '' 
 daphne nodded . 
 at rashel 's suggestion , she was wearing something more sensible tonight : black pants heavy enough to provide some warmth , a dark sweater , and shoes she could run in . 
 rashel was dressed the same way , except that she was wearing high boots . 
 the knife was in one . 
 `` you go first , '' rashel said , parking a street away from the club . 
 `` i 'll come in a minute . '' 
 she watched daphne walk away , hoping she was n't going to get this little blond bunny killed . 
 she herself was the danger . 
 quinn was going to use mind control on them to get them to go to the warehouse quietly . 
 and rashel was n't sure what would happen when he did it . 
 just do n't let him touch you , she told herself . 
 you can carry it off as long as he does n't touch you . 
 five minutes later , she started toward the crypt . 
 quinn was in the dark parking lot , standing by a silvery-gray lexus . 
 as rashel reached the car , she saw the pale blob of daphne 's face through the window . 
 `` i almost thought you were n't coming . '' 
 there was now a sort of savagery mixed in with quinn 's lunatic good humor . 
 as if he was angry she was n't smart enough to save herself . 
 `` oh , i would n't miss this for the world . '' 
 rashel kept her eyes on the car . 
 she wanted to get this over with . 
 `` are we going somewhere ? '' 
 there was that tiny hesitation that seemed to come every time she spoke to him , as if it were taking him a minute to focus . 
 or as if he were trying to figure something out , she thought nervously . 
 then he answered smoothly , `` oh , right , get in . '' 
 rashel got in . 
 she glanced once at daphne in the back seat . 
 daphne said , `` what 's up ? '' 
 in a chirpy voice laced with feminine rivalry . 
 good girl . 
 quinn was getting in the driver 's side . 
 once the door was shut , he turned the engine on to run the heater . 
 the windows immediately began to fog . 
 rashel sat in a state of continuing mind , ready for the unexpected at any moment . 
 only the unexpected did n't come . 
 nothing came . 
 quinn was just sitting there in the driver 's seat . 
 watching her . 
 with a sudden void in her stomach that threatened her zanshin , rashel realized that it was too dark . 
 too familiar . 
 they were sitting here together in silence , so close , visible to each other only in silhouette , just as they had in the cellar . 
 she could almost feel quinn 's confusion as he tried to figure out what was bothering him . 
 and rashel was afraid to say anything , afraid that her chirpiest voice would n't be a good-enough disguise . 
 the horrible feeling of connection was mounting , like some giant green wave looming over them both . 
 in a moment it would break , and quinn would say , `` i know you , '' and switch on the light to see the face without the veil . 
 rashel 's fingers edged toward her knife . 
 then , through the electric buzzing in her ears , she heard daphne say , `` you know , i just love this car . 
 i bet it goes really fast , too . 
 this is all so exciting-i 'm just so glad i got here this time . 
 not like last week . '' 
 she went on , blathering easily , while rashel sank back lightheaded with relief . 
 the connection was broken ; quinn was now looking at his instrument panel as if trying to escape the chatter . 
 and now daphne was talking about how exciting it was to ride in the dark . 
 smart , smart girl . 
 quinn had to interrupt her to say , `` so , you two girls want to surrender to the darkness ? '' 
 he said it as if he were asking if they wanted to order pizza . 
 `` yes , '' rashel said . 
 `` oh , yes , '' daphne said . 
 `` it 's just like we always say . 
 i think that would be just the most seriously cool - '' quinn made a gesture at her as if to say , `` for god 's sake , shut up . '' 
 not a rough gesture . 
 it was more like an exasperated choir director trying to get through to some soprano who would n't stop at the end of the measure . 
 stop here . 
 and daphne shut up . ' 
 like that . 
 as if he 'd turned off a switch in her . 
 rashel twisted slightly to look at the backseat and saw that daphne had slumped to one side , body limp , her breathing peaceful . 
 oh , god , rashel thought . 
 she was used to the kind of mind control other vampires had tried on her . 
 the persuasive , whispery-voice-in-the-head type . 
 and when quinn had n't tried to use that , or to call for help in the cellar , she 'd assumed he was low on telepathy . 
 now she knew the truth . 
 he packed a telepathic punch like a pile driver . 
 no , like a karate blow : swift , precise , and deadly . 
 he turned to look at her , a dark shape against a lighter darkness . 
 rashel tried to brace herself . 
 `` and the rest is silence , '' quinn said , and gestured at her . 
 rashel fell into a void . 
 she woke up as she was being carried into the warehouse . 
 she had enough presence of mind not to open her eyes or make any other sign that she was conscious . 
 it was quinn carrying her ; she could tell even with her eyes shut . 
 when he dumped her on a mattress , she deliberately fell so that her head was turned away from him and her hair was over her face . 
 she had a moment 's fear that he was going to discover the knife in her boot when he shackled her ankles . 
 but he did n't even roll up her pant leg . 
 he seemed to be doing everything as quickly as possible , without really paying attention . 
 rashel heard the shackle snap shut . 
 she kept perfectly still . 
 she lay and listened as he brought daphne in and chained her . 
 then she heard voices close by and the sound of other footsteps . 
 `` put that one down here-what happened to her purse ? '' 
 that was lily . 
 `` it 's still in the car . '' 
 ivan . 
 `` okay , bring it in with the other one . 
 i 'll do her feet . '' 
 thump of a body hitting a mattress . 
 footsteps going away . 
 the metallic clink of chains . 
 then a sigh from lily . 
 rashel could imagine her straightening up and looking around in satisfaction . 
 `` well , that 's it . 
 ivan 's got number twenty-four in the car . 
 i guess we 're going to have one very happy client . '' 
 `` joy , '' quinn said flatly . 
 twenty-four ? 
 one client ? 
 `` i 'll leave a message that everything 's going to be ready for the big day . '' 
 `` do that . '' 
 `` you 're awfully moody , you know . 
 it 's not just me who 's noticed it . '' 
 a pause , and rashel imagined quinn giving one of his black looks . 
 `` i was just thinking it was ironic . 
 i turned down a job as a slave trader once . 
 that was before . 
 do you remember before , lily ? 
 when we lived in charlestown and your sister dove was still alive . 
 a captain from marblehead asked if i wanted to ship out to guinea for some human cargo . 
 black gold , i think he called it . 
 as i remember , i hit him on the nose . 
 and fight-the-good-fight-for-faith johnson reported me for brawling . '' 
 `` quinn , what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 `` just reminiscing about the old days in the sunlight . 
 of course , you would n't know about that , would you ? 
 you 're lamia ; you were born this way . 
 technically , i suppose , you were born dead . '' 
 `` and technically , i suppose , you 're going peculiar . 
 my father always said it would happen . '' 
 `` yes , and i wonder what your father would think about all this ? 
 his daughter selling humans for money . 
 and to such a client , and for such a reason - '' at that moment , while rashel was listening desperately , hanging on every word , heavy footsteps interrupted . 
 ivan had returned . 
 quinn broke off , and he and lily remained silent as another body thumped on a bed . 
 rashel cursed mentally . 
 what client ? 
 what reason ? 
 she 'd supposed the girls were being sold as regular house slaves or food supplies . 
 but clearly that was n't the case . 
 and then something happened that drove thoughts of the future right out of her mind . 
 she heard footsteps next to her bed , and she was aware of someone leaning close . 
 not quinn , the smell was wrong . 
 ivan . 
 a rough hand grabbed her hair and pulled her head back . 
 another arm slid under her waist , lifting her up . 
 panic shot through rashel , and she tried to push it away . 
 she forced herself to stay limp , eyes shut , arms dangling passively . 
 i ought to have been prepared for this . 
 she 'd realized from the beginning that playing her part might include allowing herself to get bitten . 
 to feel vampire teeth on her throat , to allow them to spill her blood . 
 but it bad never happened to her before , and it took every ounce of her will to keep from fighting . 
 she was scared . 
 her arched throat felt exposed and vulnerable , and she could feel a pulse beating in it wildly . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 quinn 's voice was sharp as the crack of glacier ice . 
 rashel felt ivan go still . 
 `` i 've got something to settle with this girl . 
 she 's a smartass . '' 
 `` take your hands off her . 
 before i knock you through the wall . '' 
 `` quinn - '' lily said . 
 quinn 's voice was painfully distinct . 
 `` drop her . 
 now . '' 
 ivan dropped rashel . 
 `` he 's right , '' lily said coolly . 
 `` they 're not for you , ivan , and they have to be in perfect shape . '' 
 ivan muttered something sullen and rashel heard footsteps moving away . 
 she lay and listened to her heart slowly calming . 
 `` i 'm going to get some sleep , '' quinn said , sounding flat and dull . 
 `` see you tuesday , '' lily said . 
 tuesday , rashel thought . 
 great . 
 it 's going to be a very long two days . 
 they were the most boring two days of her life . 
 she got to know every corner of the small glass-windowed office . 
 the windows were a problem , since she was never absolutely sure if lily or ivan were outside one of them , standing in the warehouse proper and looking through . 
 she listened carefully for the warehouse doors , froze instantly at any suspicious sound , and trusted to luck . 
 daphne woke up monday morning . 
 rashel had her neck twisted sideways and was staring through the office glass up at the one tiny window set high in the warehouse wall . 
 just as it turned gray with dawn , daphne sat up and screamed . 
 `` sh ! 
 it 's all right ! 
 you 're here in the warehouse with me . '' 
 `` rashel ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 we made it . 
 and i 'm glad you 're awake . '' 
 `` are we alone ? '' 
 `` more or less , '' rashel said . 
 `` there are two other girls , but they 're both hypnotized . 
 you 'll see when it gets lighter . '' 
 daphne let out her breath . 
 `` wow ... we did it . 
 that 's great . 
 so how come i 'm so completely and utterly terrified ? '' 
 `` because you 're a smart girl , '' rashel said grimly . 
 `` just wait until tuesday when they take us out . '' 
 `` take us out where ? '' 
 the u-haul whirred across smooth resonant pavement and rashel tried to guess where they were . 
 she had been drawing a map in her mind , trying to imagine each turn they made , each change of the road underneath them . 
 ivan sat slouched , blocking the back doors of the truck . 
 his eyes were small and mean , and they flickered over the girls constantly . 
 in his right hand he held a taser , a hand-held electrical stun gun , and rashel knew he was dying to use it . 
 but the cargo was being very docile . 
 daphne was beside rashel , leaning against her very slightly for comfort , her dark blue eyes fixed vacantly on the far wall . 
 they were shackled together : although both lily and ivan had been checking daphne constantly for signs of waking up , they were dearly taking no chances . 
 on the opposite side of the truck were the two other girls . 
 one was juanita , her wavy bronze hair tangled from two days of lying on it , her bee-stung lips parted , her gaze empty . 
 the second girl was a towhead , with flyaway hair and bambi eyes staring blankly . 
 ivan called her missy . 
 she was about twelve . 
 rashel allowed herself to daydream about things to do to ivan . 
 then she focused . 
 the van was stopping . 
 ivan jumped up , and a minute later he was opening the back doors . 
 then he and lily were unshackling the girls and herding them out , telling them to hurry . 
 rashel breathed deeply , grateful for the fresh open air . 
 salty air . 
 keeping her gaze aimless and glassy , she looked around . 
 it was twilight and they were on a charlestown dock . 
 `` keep moving , '' ivan said , a hand on her shoulder . 
 ahead , rashel saw a sleek thirty-foot power cruiser bobbing gently in a slip . 
 a figure with dark hair was on the deck , doing something with lines . 
 quinn . 
 he barely glanced up as ivan and lily hustled the girls onto the boat , and he did n't help steady missy when she almost lost her balance jumping from the dock . 
 his mood had changed again , rashel realized . 
 he seemed withdrawn , turned inward , brooding . 
 `` move ! '' 
 ivan shoved her , and for an instant , quinn 's attention shifted . 
 he stared at ivan with eyes like black death , endless and fathomless . 
 he did n't say a word . 
 ivan 's hand dropped from rashers back . 
 lily led them down a short flight of steps to a cramped but neat little cabin and gestured them to an l-shaped couch behind a dinette table . 
 `` here . 
 sit down . 
 you two here . 
 you two there . '' 
 rashel slipped into her seat and stared vacantly across at the sink in the tiny galley . 
 `` you all stay here , '' lily said . 
 `` do n't move . 
 stay . '' 
 she would have made a great slave overseer , rashel thought . 
 or dog trainer . 
 when lily had disappeared up the stairs and the door above had banged shut , rashel and daphne simultaneously let out their breath . 
 `` you doing okay ? '' 
 rashel whispered . 
 `` yeah . 
 a little shaky . 
 where d'you think we 're going ? '' 
 rashel just shook her head . 
 nobody knew where the vampire enclaves were . 
 an idea was beginning to form in her mind , though . 
 there must be a reason they were traveling by boat-it would have been safer and easier to keep the prisoners in the u-haul . 
 unless they were going to a place you could n't get to by u-haul . 
 an island . 
 why should n't some of the enclaves be on islands ? 
 there were hundreds of them off the eastern coast . 
 it was a very unsettling thought . 
 on an island they would be completely isolated . 
 nowhere to escape to if things got bad . 
 no possible hope of help from outside . 
 rashel was beginning to regret that she 'd brought daphne into this . 
 and she had the ominous feeling that when they got to their destination , she was going to regret it even more . 
 the boat sliced cleanly through the water , heading into darkness . 
 behind quinn was the skyline of boston , the city lights showing where the ocean ended and the land began . 
 but ahead there was no horizon , no difference between sky and sea . 
 there was only formless , endless void . 
 the inky blackness was dotted with an occasional solitary winking light-herring boats . 
 they only seemed to make the vastness of empty water more lonely . 
 quinn ignored lily and ivan . 
 he was not in a good mood . 
 he let the cold air soak into him , permeating his body , mixing with the cold he felt inside . 
 he imagined himself freezing solid-a rather pleasant thought . 
 just get to the enclave , he thought emptily . 
 get it over with . 
 this last batch of girls had upset him . 
 he did n't know why , and he did n't want to think about it . 
 they were vermin . 
 all of them . 
 even the dark-haired one who was so lovely that it was almost too bad she was certifiably insane . 
 the little blond one was crazy , too . 
 the one who , having had the luck to fall out of the frying pan once , had come right back , coated herself with butter and breadcrumbs , and jumped in again . 
 idiot . 
 someone like that deserved ... quinn 's thought broke off . 
 somewhere deep inside him was a little voice saying that no one , however idiotic , deserved what was going to happen to those girls . 
 you 're the idiot . 
 just get them to the enclave and then you can forget all this . 
 the enclave ... it was hunter redfern who had first thought of enclaves on islands . 
 because of dove , he 'd said . 
 `` we need a place where the redferns can live safely , without looking over their shoulders for humans with stakes . 
 an island would do . '' 
 quinn had n't objected to the classification of himself as a redfern-although he had no intention of marrying garnet or lily . 
 instead he said , practically , `` fishermen visit those islands all the time . 
 humans are settling them . 
 we 'd have company soon . '' 
 `` there are spells to guard places humans should n't go . 
 i know a witch who 'll do it , to protect lily and garnet . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 hunter had grinned . 
 `` because she 's their mother . '' 
 and quinn had said nothing . 
 later he 'd met maeve harman , the witch who had mingled her blood with the lamia . 
 she did n't seem to like hunter much , and she kept their youngest daughter , roseclear , who was being raised as a witch , away from him . 
 but she did the spell . 
 and they 'd all moved to the island , where garnet finally gave up on quinn and married a boy from a nice lamia family . 
 her children were allowed to carry on the redfern name . 
 and as time went on , other enclaves had sprung up ... but none quite like the one quinn was heading for now . 
 he shifted on his seat in the cockpit . 
 ahead , there was a horizon again . 
 a luminous silver moon was rising above the pond-still dark water . 
 it shone like an enchantment , as if to guide quinn 's way . 
 scrrrunch . 
 rashel winced as the boat docked . 
 somebody was n't being careful . 
 but they 'd arrived , and it could only be an island . 
 they 'd been heading east for over two hours . 
 daphne lifted her head weakly . 
 `` i do n't care if they eat us the minute we get off , as long as i get to feel solid ground again . '' 
 `` this practically is solid ground , '' rashel whispered . 
 `` it 's been dead calm the whole way . '' 
 `` tell that to my stomach . '' 
 daphne moaned , and rashel poked her . 
 someone was coming down the stairs . 
 it was lily . 
 ivan waited above with the taser . 
 they herded the girls off the boat and up onto a little dock . 
 rashel did her vacant-eyed staring around again , blessing the moonlight that allowed her to see . 
 it was n't much of a dock . 
 one wharf with a gas pump and a shack . 
 there were three other powerboats in slips . 
 and that was all . 
 rashel could n't see any sign of life . 
 the boats rode like ghost ships on the water . 
 there was silence except for the slap of the waves . 
 private island , rashel thought . 
 something about the place made the hair on the back of her neck rise . 
 with lily in front and ivan in back , the group was herded to a hiking trail that wound up a cliff . 
 it 's just an island , rashel told herself . 
 you should be dancing with joy . 
 this is the enclave you wanted to get to . 
 there 's nothing ... uncanny ... about this place . 
 and then , as they reached the top of the cliff , she saw the rocks . 
 big rocks . 
 monoliths that reminded her eerily of stonehenge . 
 it looked as if a giant had scattered them around . 
 and there were houses built among them , perched on the lonely cliff , looking down on the vast dark sea . 
 they all seemed deserted , and somehow they reminded rashel of gargoyles , hunched and waiting . 
 lily was headed for the very last house on the sandy unpaved road . 
 it was one of those huge `` summer cottages '' that was really a mansion . 
 a massive white frame house , two and a half stories high , with elaborate ornamentation . 
 shock coursed through rashel . 
 a frame house . 
 wood . 
 this place was n't built by vampires . 
 the lamia built out of brick or fieldstone , not out of the wood that was lethal to them . 
 they must have bought this island from humans . 
 rashel was tingling from head to toe . 
 this is definitely not a normal enclave . 
 where are all the people ? 
 where 's the town ? 
 what are we doing here ? 
 `` move , move . '' 
 lily marched them around the back of the house and inside . 
 and at last , rashel heard the sounds of other life . 
 voices from somewhere inside the house . 
 but she did n't get to see who the voices belonged to . 
 lily was taking them into a big old-fashioned kitchen , past a pantry with empty shelves . 
 at the end of the pantry was a heavy wooden door , and on a stool by the door was a boy about rashel 's age . 
 he had bushy brown hair and was wearing cowboy boots . 
 he was reading a comic book . 
 `` hey , rudi , '' lily said crisply . 
 `` how 're our guests ? '' 
 `` quiet as little lambs . '' 
 rudi 's voice was laconic , but he stood up respectfully as lily went by . 
 his eyes flickered over rashel and the other girls . 
 werewolf . 
 rashel 's instincts were screaming it . 
 and the name ... werewolves often had names like lovell or felan that meant wolf in their native language . 
 rudi meant `` famous wolf '' in hungarian . 
 best guards in the world , rashel thought grimly . 
 going to be hard to get past him . 
 rudi was opening the door . 
 with lily prodding her from behind , rashel walked down a narrow , extremely steep staircase . 
 at the base of the stairway was another heavy door . 
 rudi unlocked it and led the way . 
 rashel stepped into the cellar . 
 what she saw was something she 'd never seen before . 
 a large low-ceilinged room . 
 dimly lit . 
 with two rows of twelve iron beds along opposite walls . 
 there was a girl in each bed . 
 teenage girls . 
 all ages , all sizes , but every one beautiful in her own unique way . 
 it looked like a hospital ward or a prison . 
 as rashel walked between the rows , she had to fight to keep her face blank . 
 these girls were chained to the beds , and awake ... and scared . 
 frightened eyes looked at rashel from every cot , then darted toward the werewolf . 
 rudi grinned at them , waving and nodding to either side . 
 the girls shrank away . 
 only a few seemed brave enough to say anything . 
 `` please ... '' `` how long do we have to stay here ? '' 
 `` i want to go home ! '' 
 the last two beds in each row were empty . 
 rashel was put into one . 
 daphne looked both sick and frightened as the shackles dosed over her ankles , but she went on gamely staring straight ahead . 
 `` sleep tight , girlies , '' rudi said . 
 `` tomorrow 's a big day . '' 
 and then he and lily and ivan walked out . 
 the heavy wooden door slammed behind them , echoing in the stone-walled cellar . 
 rashel sat up in one motion . 
 daphne twisted her head . 
 `` is it safe to talk ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` i think so , '' rashel said in a normal voice . 
 she was staring with narrowed eyes down the rows of beds . 
 some of the girls were looking at them , some were crying . 
 some had their eyes shut . 
 daphne burst out with the force of a breaking dam , `` what are they going to do to us ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' rashel said . 
 her voice was hard and flat , her movements disciplined and precise , as she slid the knife out of her boot . 
 `` but i 'm going to find out . '' 
 `` what , you 're gon na saw through the chains ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 from a guard on the side of the sheath , rashel pulled a thin strip of metal . 
 she bared her teeth slightly in a smile . 
 `` i 'm going to pick the lock . '' 
 `` oh . 
 okay . 
 great . 
 but then what ? 
 i mean , what 's happening here ? 
 what kind of place is this ? 
 i was expecting some kind of-of roman slave auction or something , with , like , everybody dressed in togas and vampires waving and bidding - '' `` you may still see something like that , '' rashel said . 
 `` i agree , it 's weird . 
 this is not a normal enclave . 
 i do n't know , maybe it 's some kind of holding center , and they 're going to take us someplace else to sell us ... '' `` actually , i 'm afraid not , '' a quiet voice to her left said . 
 rashel turned . 
 the girl in the bed beside her was sitting up . 
 she had flaming red hair , wistful eyes , and a diffident manner . 
 `` i 'm fayth , '' she said . 
 `` shelly , '' rashel said briefly . 
 she did n't trust anyone here yet . 
 `` that 's daphne . 
 what do you mean , you 're afraid not ? '' 
 `` they 're not taking us somewhere else to sell us . '' 
 fayth looked almost apologetic . 
 `` well , i 'd like to know what they 're going to do with us here , '' rashel said . 
 she sprung one lock on the shackles and jabbed the lockpick into the other . 
 `` twenty-four girls on an island with one inhabited house ? 
 it 's insane . '' 
 `` it 's a bloodfeast . '' 
 rashel 's hand on the lockpick went still . 
 she looked over at fayth and said very softly , `` what ? '' 
 `` they 're having a bloodfeast . 
 on the spring equinox , i think . 
 starting tomorrow night at midnight . '' 
 daphne was reaching across the gap for rashel . 
 `` what , what ? 
 what 's a bloodfeast ? 
 tell me . '' 
 `` it 's ... '' rashel dragged her attention from fayth . 
 `` it 's a feast for vampires . 
 a big celebration , a banquet . 
 three courses , you know . '' 
 she looked around the room . 
 `` three girls . 
 and there are twenty-four of us ... '' `` enough for eight vampires , '' fayth said quietly , looking apologetic . 
 `` so you 're saying that they take a little blood from each of three girls . '' 
 daphne was leaning anxiously toward rashel . 
 `` that 's what you 're saying , right ? 
 right ? 
 a little sip here , a little sip there - '' she broke off as rashel and fayth both looked at her . 
 `` you 're not saying that . '' 
 `` daphne , i 'm sorry i got you into this . '' 
 rashel took a breath and opened the second lock on her shackles , avoiding daphne 's eyes . 
 `` the idea of a bloodfeast is that you drink the blood of three people in one day . 
 all their blood . 
 you drain them . '' 
 daphne opened her mouth , shut it , then at last said pathetically , `` and you do n't burst ? '' 
 rashel smiled bleakly in spite of herself . 
 `` it 's supposed to be the ultimate high or something . 
 you get the power of their blood , the power of their lifeforce , all at once . '' 
 she looked at fayth . 
 `` but it 's been illegal for a long time . '' 
 fayth nodded . 
 `` so 's slavery . 
 i think somebody wants it to make a comeback . '' 
 `` any idea who ? '' 
 `` all i know is that somebody very rich has invited seven of the most powerful made vampires here for the feast . 
 whoever he is , he really wants to show them a good time . '' 
 `` to make an alliance , '' rashel said slowly . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 `` the made vampires ganging up against the lamia . '' 
 `` possibly . '' 
 `` and the spring equinox ... they 're celebrating the anniversary of the first made vampire . 
 the day maya bit thierry . '' 
 `` definitely . '' 
 `` just wait a minute , '' daphne said . 
 `` just everybody press pause , okay ? 
 how come you know about all this stuff ? '' 
 she was staring at fayth . 
 `` made vampires , this vampires , that vampires , maya ... i never heard of any of these people . '' 
 `` maya was the first of the lamia , '' rashel said rapidly , glancing back at her . 
 `` she 's the ancestress of all the vampires who can grow up and have children-the family vampires . 
 the made vampires are different . 
 they 're humans who get made into vampires by being bitten . 
 they ca n't grow any older or have kids . '' 
 `` and thierry was the first human to get made into a vampire , '' fayth said . 
 `` maya bit him on the spring equinox ... thousands of years ago . '' 
 rashel was watching fayth closely . 
 `` so now maybe you 'll answer her question , '' she said . 
 `` how do you know all this ? 
 no humans know about night world history-except vampire hunters and damned daybreakers . '' 
 fayth winced , and then rashel understood why she seemed so apologetic . 
 `` i 'm a damned daybreaker . '' 
 `` oh , god . '' 
 `` what 's a daybreaker ? '' 
 daphne prompted , poking rashel . 
 `` circle daybreak is a group of witches who 're trying to get humans and night people to ... i do n't know , all dance around and drink coke together , '' rashel said , nonplussed . 
 she was confused and revolted-this girl had seemed so normal , so sensible . 
 `` to live in harmony , actually , '' fayth said to daphne . 
 `` to stop hating and killing each other . '' 
 daphne wrinkled her nose . 
 `` you 're a witch ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm human . 
 but i have friends who 're witches . 
 i have friends who 're vampires . 
 i know lamia and humans who 're soulmates - '' `` do n't be disgusting ! '' 
 rashel almost shouted it . 
 it took her a moment to get hold of herself . 
 then , breathing carefully , she said , `` look , just watch it , daybreaker . 
 i need your information , so i 'm willing to work with you-temporarily . 
 but watch the language or i 'll leave you here when i get the rest of us out . 
 then you can live in harmony with eight vampires on your own . '' 
 despite her effort at control , her voice was shaking . 
 somehow fayth 's words seemed to keep echoing in her mind , as if they had some strange arid terrible importance . 
 the word soulmates itself seemed to ricochet around inside her . 
 and fayth was acting oddly , too . 
 instead of getting mad , she just looked at rashel long and steadily . 
 then she said softly , `` i see ... '' rashel did n't like the way she said it . 
 she turned toward daphne , who was saying eagerly , `` so we 're going to get out of here ? 
 like a prison break ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 and we 'll have to do it fast . '' 
 rashel narrowed her eyes , trying to think . 
 `` i assumed we 'd have more time ... and there 's that werewolf to get past . 
 and then once we do get out , we 're on an island . 
 that 's bad . 
 we ca n't live long out in the wild-it 's too cold and they 'd track us . 
 but there has to be a way ... '' she glanced at fayth . 
 `` i do n't suppose there 's any chance of other daybreakers showing up to help . '' 
 fayth shook her head . 
 `` they do n't know i 'm here . 
 we 'd heard that something was going on in a boston club , that somebody was gathering girls for a bloodfeast . 
 i came to check it out-and got nabbed before i made my first report . '' 
 `` so we 're on our own . 
 that 's all right . '' 
 rashel 's mind was in gear now , humming with ideas . 
 `` okay , first , we 'll have to see what these girls can do-which of them can help us - '' fayth and daphne were listening intently , when rashel was interrupted by the last thing she expected to hear in a place like this . 
 the sound of somebody shouting her name . 
 the voice was shrill , almost hysterical . 
 unbalanced , rashel thought dazedly , looking around . 
 the sound of her secret being yelled out loud stunned her . 
 but just for an instant . 
 the next moment she was moving swiftly between the rows of girls , looking for ... `` nyala ! '' 
 `` i know why you 're here ! '' 
 nyala sat up tensely . 
 she looked just as she had when rashel had seen her last , cocoa skin , queenly head , wide haunted eyes . 
 she was even dressed in the same dark clothes she 'd been wearing the night they caught quinn . 
 `` you 're here because you were in on it all along ! 
 you pretend to be a vampire hunter - '' `` shut up ! '' 
 rashel said desperately . 
 nyala was shouting loud enough to be heard on the other side of the door . 
 she knelt on nyala 's bed . 
 `` i 'm not pretending , nyala . '' 
 `` then how come you 're free and we 're all chained up ? 
 you 're on their side ! 
 you call yourself the cat - '' rashel clamped a hand over her mouth . 
 `` listen to me , '' she hissed . 
 her heart was pounding . 
 all the girls around her were staring and she expected to hear the cellar door open at any moment . 
 `` nyala , listen . 
 i know you do n't like me or trust me-but you 've got to stop yelling that . 
 we may only have one chance to get out of here . '' 
 nyala 's chest was heaving . 
 her eyes , the color of dark plums , stared into rashel 's . 
 `` i am a vampire hunter , '' rashel whispered , willing nyala to believe it . 
 `` i made a mistake letting that vampire go that night ... i admit it . 
 but i 've been trying ever since to put things right . 
 i got captured on purpose so i could find out what was going on here-and now i 'm going to try to get all these girls free . '' 
 she spoke slowly and distinctly , hoping nyala could sense the truth of her words . 
 `` but , nyala , if the night people find out i 'm a vampire hunter-much less the cat-they are going to take me out and kill me right this minute . 
 and then i do n't think the rest of you have a chance . '' 
 she stopped to breathe . 
 `` i know it 's hard to trust me . 
 but please , please try . 
 do you think you can do that ? '' 
 a long pause . 
 nyala 's eyes searched hers . 
 then , at last , nyala nodded . 
 rashel took her hand off nyala 's mouth . 
 she sat back on the bed and they stared at each other . 
 `` thank you , '' rashel said . 
 `` i 'm going to need your help . '' 
 then she shook her head . 
 `` but how did you get here ? 
 how did you find the club ? '' 
 `` i did n't find any club . 
 i went back to that street with the warehouses on wednesday . 
 i thought maybe the vampire might come back . 
 and then-somebody grabbed me from behind . '' 
 `` oh , nyala . '' 
 wednesday night , rashel thought . 
 the night daphne saw ivan carry in a new girl and put her on a cot . 
 that girl was nyala . 
 rashel put a hand to her head . 
 `` nyala-i almost saved you . 
 i was there the next night-when daphne fell out of the truck . 
 do you remember that ? 
 if i had only known ... '' nyala was n't listening . 
 `` then there was this whisper in my mind , telling me to sleep . 
 and i could n't move-i could n't move my arms or my legs . 
 but i was n't asleep . 
 and then he carried me into a warehouse and he bit me . '' 
 her voice was detached , almost pleasant . 
 but her eyes froze rashel in place . 
 `` he bit me in the neck and i knew i was going to die , just like my sister . 
 i could feel the blood coming out . 
 i wanted to scream but i could n't move . 
 i could n't do anything . '' 
 she smiled oddly at rashel . 
 `` i 'll tell you a secret . 
 it 's still there , the bite . 
 you ca n't see it , but it 's still there . '' 
 she turned her head to show a smooth unblemished neck . 
 `` oh , god , nyala . '' 
 rashel had felt awkward trying to make gestures of comfort with daphne , but now she did n't think . 
 she just grabbed nyala and hugged her hard . 
 `` listen to me , '' she said fiercely . 
 `` i know how you feel . 
 i mean-no , i do n't know , because it has n't happened to me . 
 but i 'm sorry . 
 and i know how you felt when you lost your sister . '' 
 she leaned back and looked at nyala , almost shaking her . 
 `` but we have to keep fighting . 
 that 's what 's important right now . 
 we ca n't let them win . 
 right ? '' 
 `` yes ... '' nyala looked slowly around her bed , then up at rashel . 
 `` yes , that 's right . '' 
 her eyes seemed to sharpen and focus . 
 `` i 'm making a plan to get out of here . 
 and you have to stay calm and help me . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 nyala sounded more definite this time . 
 then she smiled almost serenely and whispered , `` and we 'll get our revenge . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 rashel pressed her hand . 
 `` somehow , we will . 
 i promise you . '' 
 she walked back to her cot feeling eyes on her , although nobody asked any questions . 
 her own eyes were stinging . 
 what had happened to nyala was her fault . 
 the girl had already been on the edge , and because of rashel , she 'd gotten herself caught and attacked by a vampire . 
 and now ... now rashel was worried about nyala 's sanity , even if they did manage to get off the island . 
 she 's right about one thing , though , rashel thought . 
 revenge . 
 it 's the only way to wipe out the things that have been done to these girls . 
 the fire in her chest was back-as if there were coals where her throat and heart ought to be . 
 she let it harden her and burn away any stray thoughts of mercy for quinn . 
 strange how she kept having thoughts of him , long after she 'd made the resolution to kill him . 
 `` is she okay ? '' 
 daphne said worriedly . 
 `` i remember her from the warehouse . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 rashel took the lockpick and sat on daphne 's cot . 
 she began to work at daphne 's shackles . 
 `` i do n't know if she 's okay . 
 the vampires have n't been living in harmony with her . '' 
 she glanced bitterly at fayth , who just looked back gravely and steadily . 
 `` nobody thinks all the night people are good , '' fayth said . 
 `` or all the humans . 
 we do n't approve of violence . 
 we want to stop it all . '' 
 `` well , sometimes it takes violence to stop violence , '' rashel said shortly . 
 fayth did n't answer . 
 `` but why was she calling you a cat ? '' 
 daphne asked . 
 rashel could feel fayth 's gaze on her . 
 `` the cat . 
 it 's the name of a vampire hunter , one who 's killed a lot of vampires . '' 
 daphne 's dark blue eyes widened slightly . 
 `` is it you ? '' 
 rashel sprung a lock . 
 somehow , with these two girls staring at her , she did n't feel quite so brash as she had a moment ago . 
 she did n't feel terribly proud of being the cat . 
 without looking up , she said , `` yes . '' 
 then she glanced behind her at fayth . 
 fayth said nothing . 
 `` there 's going to be more killing before this is all done , '' rashel said . 
 `` and i ca n't think of anybody who deserves it more than the vampires who brought us here . 
 so you let me take care of that , and we wo n't argue about it . 
 all right ? '' 
 she sprung the other lock on daphne 's shackles . 
 daphne immediately stretched her legs luxuriously , then swung them to the floor . 
 fayth just nodded slowly . 
 `` all right , then . 
 listen . 
 the first thing we 've got to do is get these girls organized . '' 
 rashel moved to work on fayth 's chains . 
 `` you 're both good talkers . 
 i want the two of you to go around and talk to them individually . 
 i want to know who 's going to be able to help us and who 's still under mind control . 
 i want to know who 's going to be a problem . 
 and i especially want to know who has any experience with boats . '' 
 `` boats ? '' 
 fayth said . 
 `` no place on this island is safe . 
 we have to get off . 
 there are four boats in the harbor right now - if we can just find somebody to handle them . '' 
 she looked from daphne to fayth . 
 `` i want you to bring me back at least two sensible girls who have some chance of not sinking a powerboat . 
 got it ? '' 
 daphne and fayth glanced at each other . 
 they nodded . 
 `` right , boss , '' daphne murmured , and they started off . 
 rashel sat , weighing a chain in her hand and thinking . 
 there was no need to tell daphne-yet-that she did n't plan to ship out with the boats . 
 half an hour later daphne and fayth stood before her beaming . 
 at least daphne was beaming ; fayth was wearing that grave smile that was starting to drive rashel crazy . 
 `` allow me to introduce annelise , '' daphne said , leading rashel to a cot . 
 `` originally a native of denmark . 
 she 's done the race circuit in antigua-whatever that means . 
 anyway , she says she can handle a boat . '' 
 the girl in the cot was one of the oldest there , eighteen or nineteen . 
 she was blond , long-legged , and built like a valkyrie . 
 rashel liked her at once . 
 `` and this is keiko over here , '' fayth said in her simple way . 
 `` she 's young , but she says she grew up around boats . '' 
 this one rashel was n't so sure about . 
 she was tiny , with hair like black silk and a rosette mouth . 
 she looked like a collector 's doll . 
 `` how old are you ? '' 
 `` thirteen , '' keiko said softly . 
 `` but i was born on nantucket . 
 my parents have a ciera sunbridge . 
 i think i can do what you 're asking-it 's just the navigation that worries me . '' 
 `` there is n't anybody else , '' daphne stage-whispered in rashel 's ear . 
 `` so my advice is we trust the kid . '' 
 `` i think the navigation will be straight west , '' rashel said . 
 she smiled reassuringly at keiko . 
 `` anyway , even the open ocean will be safer than here . '' 
 she gestured to daphne and fayth to come back to their corner . 
 `` okay . 
 good job . 
 you 're right about trusting the kid ; i do n't think we have any other choice . 
 we definitely need two boats for all these girls . 
 what else did you find out ? '' 
 `` well , the ones that are still under mind control are the ones that came with us , '' daphne said . 
 `` juanita and missy . 
 and the one that might cause trouble is your buddy nyala . 
 she 's not completely hinged , if you know what i mean . '' 
 rashel nodded . 
 `` the mind control may be a problem-how long did it take to wear off the others , fayth ? '' 
 `` a day or so after they came in . 
 but that 's not the only problem , rashel . 
 annelise and keiko think they can handle the boats-but not tonight . 
 not until tomorrow . '' 
 `` we ca n't wait until tomorrow , '' rashel said impatiently . 
 `` that 's cutting it way too fine . '' 
 `` i do n't think we have a choice . 
 rashel , all these girls are tranquilized . 
 drugged . '' 
 rashel blinked . 
 `` how - ? '' 
 she shut her eyes . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` the food , '' fayth said , as rashel nodded in resignation . 
 `` i realized right off that there was something in it . 
 i think most of the girls know-and they 'd rather be tranquilized than think about what 's happening to them . '' 
 rashel rubbed her forehead wearily . 
 no wonder the girls had n't asked her any questions . 
 no wonder they were n't all screaming their heads off . 
 they were doped to the gills . 
 `` from now on we 've got to keep them from eating , '' she said . 
 `` they need clear heads if we 're going to escape . '' 
 she looked at fayth . 
 `` okay . 
 we wait . 
 but that 's going to make everything more dangerous . 
 how often do they bring food in here ? '' 
 `` twice a day . 
 late morning and around eight at night . 
 and then they take us to the bathroom two by two . '' 
 `` who does it ? '' 
 `` rudi . 
 sometimes he has another werewolf with him . '' 
 daphne bit her lip anxiously . 
 `` are we equipped for werewolves ? '' 
 rashel smiled . 
 holding her knife , she pulled the decorative knob at the end of the sheath . 
 it came off , revealing a metal blade . 
 she reversed the knob and stuck it in the end of the sheath , so the blade stuck out like a bayonet . 
 the hard wooden sheath itself was now a weapon . 
 `` the blade is silver-coated steel , '' she said in satisfaction . 
 `` we are equipped for werewolves . '' 
 `` you see ? '' 
 daphne said to fayth . 
 `` this girl thinks of everything . '' 
 rashel put the knife away . 
 `` all right . 
 let 's talk to everybody again . 
 i want to explain my plan . 
 when we do this tomorrow night , it 's going to take cooperation and precision . '' 
 and , she thought , a lot of luck . 
 `` chow time ! '' 
 rudi walked between the rows of cots , tossing packages from a plastic bag to either side of him . 
 he looked , rashel thought , exactly like a trainer throwing herring to seals . 
 she scanned the aisle behind him . 
 no other werewolf at the door . 
 good . 
 it had been a long night and a longer day . 
 the girls were dizzy from lack of food , keyed up , and getting more tense with each untranquilized hour . 
 a couple of them could n't seem to shake their first impression of rashel-which had come from nya-la 's yelling . 
 `` eat up , girlies . 
 got to keep up your strength . '' 
 a slightly warm foil package hit rashel 's lap , another hit the mattress . 
 same thing as brunch-hot dogs of the kind you get at a convenience store . 
 smeared with mustard and drugs . 
 the girls had been surviving on the grapefruit juice he 'd poured for them . 
 as rudi turned to throw a package to juanita , rashel rose smoothly from her cot . 
 in one motion she leaped and came down right on target . 
 `` do n't make a sound , '' she said in rudi 's ear . 
 `` and do n't even think about changing . '' 
 she had his arm twisted behind his back and the silver knife to his throat . 
 rudi did n't seem to know how he 'd gotten there . 
 there were hot dogs all over the floor . 
 `` now , '' rashel said . 
 `` let 's talk about jujitsu . 
 this is what you call a proper hold . 
 resistance to it will cause serious pain and quite possibly a fractured joint . 
 are you getting this , rudi ? '' 
 rudi wiggled a little and rashel exerted pressure upward on his knuckles . 
 rudi yelped and danced on his toes . 
 `` hush ! 
 what i want to know is , where is the other werewolf ? '' 
 `` guarding the dock . '' 
 `` who else is on the dock ? '' 
 `` i-nobody . '' 
 `` is there anybody on the stairs or in the kitchen ? 
 do n't lie to me , rudi , or i 'll get annoyed . '' 
 `` no . 
 they 're all in the gathering room . '' 
 rashel nodded at daphne . 
 daphne jumped out of her bed . 
 `` remember-quick and quiet everybody , '' she said , like a cheerleader who 'd been promoted to drill sergeant . 
 rashel felt rudi boggle as every girl in the room kicked off her covers and stood up free . 
 `` what the-what the - '' `` now , rudi . '' 
 keeping his elbow trapped against her , rashel exerted pressure again , moving him easily in the direction she wanted . 
 `` you go first . 
 you 're going to unlock the top door for us . '' 
 `` annelise and keiko in front , '' daphne said . 
 `` missy right here . 
 let 's go . '' 
 `` i ca n't unlock it . 
 i ca n't . 
 they 'll kill me , '' rudi muttered , as rashel moved him up the stairs . 
 `` rudi , look at these young women . '' 
 rashel swung him around so he had a good view of the prisoners behind him . 
 they stood in one tense , dear-eyed , lightly breathing mass . 
 `` rudi , if you do n't unlock that door , i am going to tie you up and leave you alone with them ... and this silver knife . 
 i promise , whatever the vampires do to you wo n't be worse . '' 
 rudi stared at the girls , who stared back at him . 
 all ages , all sizes , united . 
 `` i 'll unlock the door . '' 
 `` good boy . '' 
 he fumbled getting the door open . 
 when it was done , rashel pushed him through first , looking tensely around . 
 if there were vampires here , she had to change tactics fast . 
 the kitchen was empty-and music was blasting from somewhere inside the house . 
 rashel gave a quick savage grin . 
 it was a lucky break she would n't have dared to pray for . 
 the music might just save these girls ' lives . 
 she pulled rudi out of the way and nodded to daphne . 
 daphne stood at the head of the stairs , silently waving the girls out . 
 fayth led the way with the valkyrie annelise and the tiny keiko behind her . 
 the other girls hurried past , and rashel was proud of how quiet they were . 
 `` now , '' she whispered , pushing rudi back into the stairwell . 
 `` one last question . 
 who 's throwing the bloodfeast ? '' 
 rudi shook his head . 
 `` who hired you ? 
 who bought the slaves ? 
 who 's the client , rudi ? '' 
 `` i do n't know ! 
 i 'm telling you ! 
 nobody knows who hired us . 
 it was all done on the phone ! '' 
 rashel hesitated . 
 she wanted to keep questioning him-but right now the important thing was to get the girls off the island . 
 daphne was still waiting in the kitchen , watching rashel . 
 rashel looked at her and then helplessly at rudi 's bushy brown head . 
 she should kill him . 
 it was the only smart thing to do , and it was what she 'd planned to do . 
 he was a conspirator in the plan to brutally murder twenty-four teenage girls-and he enjoyed it . 
 but daphne was watching . 
 and fayth would give her that look if she heard rashel had done him in . 
 rashel let out her breath . 
 `` sleep tight , '' she said , and hit rudi on the head with the hilt of her knife . 
 he slumped unconscious and she shut the cellar door on him . 
 she turned quickly to daphne . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 daphne almost skipped ahead of her . 
 they went out the back door and picked up the hiking path . 
 rashel moved swiftly , loping across the beaten-down wild grass . 
 she caught up to the string of girls . 
 `` that 's it , missy , '' she whispered . 
 `` nice and quiet . 
 nyala , you 're limping ; does your leg hurt ? 
 a little faster , everybody . '' 
 she made her way up to the front . 
 `` okay , annelise and keiko . 
 when we get there , i 'll take care of the guard . 
 then you know what to do . '' 
 `` find which boats we can handle . 
 destroy whatever we can on the others and set them adrift . 
 then each take half the girls and head west , '' annelise said . 
 `` right . 
 if you ca n't make it to land , do your best and then call the coast guard . '' 
 `` but not right away , '' keiko put in . 
 `` lots of islanders use ship-to-shore radio instead of telephones . 
 the vampires may be monitoring it . '' 
 rashel squeezed her shoulder . 
 `` smart girl . 
 i knew you were right for the job . 
 and remember , if you do call the coast guard , do n't give the right name of the boat and do n't mention this island . '' 
 it was perfectly possible that there were night people in the coast guard . 
 they were almost at the bottom of the cliff , and so far no alarms had sounded . 
 rashel scanned the moving group again , then became aware that daphne was behind her . 
 `` everything okay ? '' 
 `` so far , '' daphne said breathlessly . 
 she added , `` you 're good at this , you know . 
 encouraging them and all . '' 
 rashel shook her head . 
 `` i 'm just trying to keep them together until they 're not my problem anymore . '' 
 daphne smiled . 
 `` i think that 's what i just said . '' 
 the wharf was below them , the boats bobbing quietly . 
 the ocean was calm and glassy . 
 silver moonlight gave the scene a postcard look . 
 ye olde quaint marina , rashel thought . 
 she loped to the front again . 
 `` stay behind me all of you . '' 
 she added to daphne , `` i 'll show you what i 'm good at . '' 
 a few feet of rocks and sand and she was on the wharf . 
 eyes on the shack , knife ready , she moved silently . 
 she wanted to take care of the werewolf without noise , if possible . 
 then a dark shape came hustling out of the shack into the moonlight . 
 it took one look at rashel and rashel knew she had to stop the guard before he could make a sound . 
 the vampires ' mansion was on the farther cliffs , overlooking open sea rather than the harbor , and the music ought to help drown outside noises-but the greatest danger was still that they would be heard before the girls could get away . 
 she launched herself at the werewolf , throwing a front snap kick to his chest . 
 she could hear the air whoosh out as he fell backward . 
 good . 
 no breath for howling . 
 she landed with both knees on top of him . 
 `` this is silver , '' she hissed , pressing the blade against his throat . 
 `` do n't make a noise or i 'll use it . '' 
 he glared at her . 
 he had shaggy hair and eyes that were already half-animal . 
 `` is there anybody on the boats ? '' 
 when he did n't answer , she pressed the silver knife harder . 
 `` is there ? '' 
 he snarled a breathless `` no . '' 
 his teeth were turning , too , spiking and lengthening . 
 `` do n't change - '' rashel began , but at that moment he decided to throw her off . 
 he heaved once , violently . 
 a snap of her wrist would have plunged the silver blade into his throat even as she fell . 
 instead rashel rolled backward in a somersault , tucking in her head and ending up on her right knee . 
 then , as the werewolf jumped at her , she slammed the sheathed knife upward against his jaw . 
 he fell back unconscious . 
 too bad , i wanted to ask him about the client . 
 rashel looked shoreward , to see that daphne , annelise , and nyala were on the pier with her . 
 they were each holding a rock or a piece of wood broken from the jagged pilings of the wharf . 
 they were going to help me , rashel thought . 
 she felt oddly warmed by it . 
 `` okay , '' she said rapidly . 
 `` annelise and keiko , with me . 
 everybody else , stay . 
 daphne , keep watch . '' 
 in a matter of minutes she and the boating girls had checked the boats and found two with features they thought they could handle ... and with fuel . 
 anne-lise had removed a couple of crucial engine pieces out of the others . 
 `` took out the impellers and the solenoids , '' she told rashel mysteriously , holding out a grimy hand . 
 `` good . 
 let 's set them adrift . 
 everybody else , get yourself on a boat . 
 find a place to sit fast and sit down . '' 
 rashel moved to the back of the group where fayth had her arms around a couple of the girls who looked scared of setting out on the dark ocean . 
 `` come on , people . '' 
 she meant to herd them in front of her like chickens . 
 that was when it happened . 
 rashel had an instant 's warning-the faint crunch of sand on rock behind her . 
 and then something hit her with incredible force in the middle of the back . 
 it knocked her down and sent her knife flying . 
 worse , it sent her mind reeling in shock . 
 she had n't been prepared . 
 that instant 's warning had n't been enough-because she had already lost zanshin . 
 she no longer had the gift of continuing mind . 
 she had lost her single purpose . 
 in the old days she 'd been fixed on one thing-to kill the night people . 
 there had been no hesitation , no confusion . 
 but now ... she 'd already faltered twice tonight , knocking the werewolves unconscious instead of killing them . 
 she was confused , uncertain . 
 and , as a result , unprepared . 
 and now i 'm dead , she thought . 
 her numbed mind was desperately trying to recover and come up with a strategy . 
 but there was a wild snarling in her ear and a trail of hot pain down her back . 
 animal claws . 
 there was a wolf on top of her . 
 rudi had gotten loose . 
 rashel gathered herself and bucked to throw the wolf off . 
 he slipped and she tried to roll out from under him , arms up to keep her throat protected . 
 the werewolf was too heavy-and too angry . 
 he scrambled over her rolling body like a lumberjack on a log . 
 his snarling muzzle kept darting for her throat in quick lunges . 
 rashel could see his bushy coat standing on end . 
 she felt fire across her ribs-his claws had torn through her shirt . 
 she ignored it . 
 her one thought was to keep him away from her throat . 
 keeping an elbow up , she reached for the knife with her other hand . 
 no good . 
 she had n't rolled far enough . 
 her fingertips just missed the hilt . 
 and rudi the wolf was right in her face . 
 all she could see were sharp wet teeth , black gums , and blazing yellow eyes . 
 her face was misted with hot canine breath . 
 every snap of those jaws made a hollow glunk . 
 rashel only had one option left-to block each lunge as it came . 
 but she could n't keep that up forever . 
 she was already tiring . 
 it 's over , she thought . 
 the girls who might have helped her-daphne and nyala and annelise were at the far end of the wharf or on the boats . 
 the other girls were undoubtedly too scared even to try . 
 rashel was alone , and she was going to die very soon . 
 my own stupid fault , she thought dimly . 
 her arms were shaking and bloodied . 
 she was getting weaker fast . 
 and the wolf knew . 
 even as she thought it , she missed a block . 
 her arm slipped sideways . 
 her throat was exposed . 
 in slow motion she saw the jaws of the wolf opening wide , driving toward her . 
 she saw the triumph in those yellow eyes . 
 she knew , with a curious sense of resignation , that the next thing she would feel was teeth ripping through her flesh . 
 the oldest way to die in the world . 
 i 'm sorry , daphne , she thought . 
 i 'm sorry , nyala . 
 please go and be safe . 
 and then everything seemed to freeze . 
 the wolf stopped in midlunge , head jerking backward . 
 its eyes were wide and fixed . 
 its jaws were open but not moving . 
 it looked as if it might howl . 
 but it did n't . 
 it collapsed in a hot quivering heap on top of rashel , legs stiff . 
 rashel scrambled out from under it automatically . 
 and saw her knife sticking out of the base of its skull . 
 quinn was standing above it . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 he was breathing quickly , but he looked calm . 
 moonlight shone on his black hair . 
 the entire world was huge and quivering and oddly bright . 
 rashel still felt as if she were moving in slow motion . 
 she stared at quinn , then looked toward the wharf . 
 girls were scattered all over , as if frozen in the middle of running in different directions . 
 some were on the decks of the two remaining boats . 
 some were heading toward her . 
 daphne and nyala were only fifteen feet away , but they were both staring at quinn and seemed riveted in place . 
 nyala 's expression was one of horror , hate-and recognition . 
 waves hissed softly against the dock . 
 think . 
 now think , girl , rashel told herself . 
 she was in a state of the strangest and most expanded consciousness she 'd ever felt . 
 her hands were icy cold and she seemed to be floating-but her mind was clear . 
 everything depended on how she handled the next few minutes . 
 `` why did you do that ? '' 
 she asked quinn softly . 
 at the same time she shot daphne the fastest and the most intense look of her life . 
 it meant go now . 
 she willed daphne to understand . 
 `` you just lost a guard , '' she went on , getting up slowly . 
 keep his eyes on you . 
 keep moving . 
 make him talk . 
 `` not a very good one , '' quinn said , looking with fastidious disgust at the heap of fur . 
 go , daphne , run , rashel thought . 
 she knew the girls still had a chance . 
 there were no other vampires coming down the path . 
 that meant that rudi had either been too angry to give a general alarm or too scared . 
 that was one good thing about werewolves-they acted on impulse . 
 quinn was the danger now . 
 `` why not a good one ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` because he damaged the merchandise ? '' 
 she lifted her torn shirt away from her ribs . 
 quinn threw back his head and laughed . 
 something jerked in rashel 's chest , but she used the moment to change her position . 
 she was right by the wolf now , with her left hand at the exact level of the knife . 
 `` that 's right , '' quinn said . 
 a wild and bitter smile still played around his lips . 
 `` he was presumptuous . 
 you almost surrendered to the wrong darkness there , shelly . 
 by the way , where 'd you get a silver knife ? '' 
 he does n't know who i am , rashel thought . 
 she felt both relief and a strange underlying grief . 
 he still thought she was some girl from the club - maybe a vampire hunter , but not the vampire hunter . 
 the one he 'd admitted was good . 
 so he 's unprepared . 
 he 's off his guard . 
 if i can kill him with one stroke , before he calls to the other vampires , the girls may get away . 
 she glanced at the wharf again , deliberately , hoping to draw his gaze . 
 but he did n't look behind him , and daphne and the other stupid girls were n't leaving . 
 refusing to go without her . 
 idiots ! 
 now or never , rashel thought . 
 `` well , anyway , '' she said , `` i think you saved my life . 
 thank you . '' 
 keeping her eyes down , she held out her hand . 
 her right hand . 
 quinn looked surprised , then reached out automatically . 
 with one smooth motion , like a snake uncoiling , rashel attacked . 
 her right hand drove past his hand and clamped on his wrist . 
 her left hand plunged down to grab the knife . 
 her fingers closed on the hilt and pulled - and the sheath with its attached silver blade stayed in the werewolf 's neck . 
 just as she 'd planned . 
 the knife itself came free , the real knife , the one made of wood . 
 and then quinn tried to throw her and her body responded automatically . 
 she was moving without conscious direction , anticipating his attacks and blocking them even as he started to make them . 
 it transformed the fight into a dance . 
 faster than thought , graceful as a lioness , she countered every move he made . 
 zanshin to the max . 
 she ended up straddling him with her knife at his throat . 
 now . 
 fast . 
 end it . 
 she did n't move . 
 you have to , she told herself . 
 quick , before he calls the others . 
 before he knocks you out telepathically . 
 he can do it , you know that . 
 then why is n't he trying ? 
 quinn lay still , with the point of the wooden knife in the hollow of his throat , just where his dark collar parted . 
 his throat was pale in the moonlight and his hair was black against the sand . 
 footsteps sounded behind rashel . 
 she heard rapid light breathing . 
 `` daphne , take the boats and go now . 
 leave me here . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 rashel spoke every word distinctly . 
 `` but rashel - '' `` do it now ! '' 
 rashel put a force she had n't known she had behind the words . 
 she heard the quick intake of daphne 's breath , then footsteps scampering off . 
 all the while , she had n't taken her eyes off quinn . 
 like everything else , the green-black blade of her knife was touched with moonlight . 
 it seemed to shimmer almost liquidly . 
 lignum vitae , the wood of life . 
 it would be death for him . 
 one thrust would put it through his throat . 
 the next would stop his heart . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' rashel whispered . 
 she was . 
 she was truly sorry that this had to be done . 
 but there was no way out . 
 it was for nyala , for all the girls he 'd kidnapped and hunted and lured . 
 it was to keep girls like them safe for the future . 
 `` you 're a hunter , '' rashel said softly , trying for steadiness . 
 `` so am i . 
 we both understand . 
 this is the way it goes . 
 it 's kill or be killed . 
 it all comes down to that in the end . '' 
 she paused to breathe . 
 `` do you understand ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` if i do n't stop you , you 'll be a danger forever . 
 and i ca n't let that happen . 
 i ca n't let you hurt anyone else . '' 
 she was aware that she was shaking her head slightly in her attempt to explain to him . 
 her lungs ached and there were tears in her eyes . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 quinn did n't speak . 
 his eyes were black and bottomless . 
 his hair was slightly mussed on his forehead , but he did n't show any other sign of just having been in a fight . 
 he 's not going to struggle , rashel realized . 
 then make it quick and merciful . 
 no need for him to feel the pain of wood through his throat . 
 she switched her grip on the knife , raising it over his chest . 
 holding it with both hands , poised above his heart . 
 one swift downward stroke and it would be over . 
 for the first time since she had killed a night person , she did n't say what she always said . 
 she was n't the cat right now ; this was n't revenge for her . 
 it was necessity . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered , and shut her eyes . 
 he whispered , `` this kitten has claws . '' 
 rashel 's muscles locked . 
 her eyes opened . 
 `` go on , '' quinn said . 
 `` do it . 
 you should have done it the first time . '' 
 his gaze was as steady as fayth 's . 
 she could see moonlight in his eyes . 
 he did n't look wild , or bitter , or mocking . 
 he only looked serious and a little tired . 
 `` i should have realized it before-that you were the one in the cellar . 
 i knew there was something about you . 
 i just could n't figure out what . 
 at least now i 've seen your face . '' 
 rashel 's arms would n't come down . 
 what was wrong with her ? 
 her resolve was draining away . 
 her whole body was weak . 
 she felt herself begin to tremble , and realized to her horror she could n't stop it . 
 `` everything you said was true , '' he said . 
 `` this is how it has to end . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 something had swollen in rashel 's throat and it hurt . 
 `` the only other possibility is that i kill you . 
 better this way than that . '' 
 he looked exhausted suddenly-or sick . 
 he turned his head and shut his eyes . 
 `` yes , '' rashel said numbly . 
 he believed that ? 
 `` besides , now that i have seen your face , i ca n't stand the sight of myself in your eyes . 
 i know what you think of me . '' 
 rashel 's arms dropped . 
 but limply . 
 the blade pointed upward , between her own wrists . 
 she sat there with her knuckles on his chest and stared at a scraggly wild raspberry bush growing out of the cliff . 
 she had failed nyala , and nyala 's sister , and countless other people . 
 other humans . 
 when it really counted , she was letting them all down . 
 `` i ca n't kill you , '' she whispered . 
 `` god help me , i ca n't . '' 
 he shook his head once , eyes still shut . 
 she was open to attack , but he did n't do anything . 
 then he looked at her . 
 `` i told you before . 
 you 're an idiot . '' 
 rashel hit him under the jaw the way she 'd hit the guard . 
 the hilt of her dagger caught him squarely . 
 he did n't move to avoid the blow . 
 it knocked him out cold . 
 rashel wiped her cheeks and got up , looking around for something to tie him with . 
 her whole life was torn to pieces , falling around her . 
 she did n't understand anything . 
 all she could do was try to finish what she 'd come here for . 
 action , that was what she needed . 
 thought could wait . 
 it would have to wait . 
 then she glanced at the wharf . 
 she could n't believe it . 
 it seemed as if at least a week had passed since she yelled at daphne , and they were all still here . 
 the boats were here , the girls were here , and daphne was running toward her . 
 rashel strode to meet her . 
 she grabbed daphne by the shoulders and shook hard . 
 `` get-out-of-here ! 
 do you understand ? 
 what do i have to do , throw you in the water ? '' 
 daphne 's eyes were huge and blue . 
 her blond hair flew like thistledown with the shaking . 
 when rashel stopped , she gasped , `` but you can come with us now ! '' 
 `` no , i ca n't ! 
 i still have things to do . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 then daphne 's eyes darted to the cliff . 
 she stared at rashel . 
 `` you 're going after them ? 
 you 're crazy ! '' 
 looking frightened , she grabbed rashel 's hands on her shoulders . 
 `` rashel , there are supposed to be eight of them , right ? 
 plus lily and ivan and who knows what else ! 
 you really think you can kill them all ? 
 what , are they all just going to line up ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i do n't know . 
 but i do n't need to kill them all . 
 if i can get the guy who set this up , the client , it will be worth it . '' 
 daphne was shaking her head , in tears . 
 `` it wo n't be worth it ! 
 not if they kill you-which they will . 
 you 're already hurt - '' `` it 'll be worth it if i can stop him from doing this again , '' rashel said quietly . 
 she could n't yell anymore . 
 she did n't have the strength . 
 her voice was quenched , but she held daphne 's eyes . 
 `` now get somebody to throw me some rope or something to tie these guys with . 
 and then leave . 
 no , give me five minutes to get to the top of the cliff . 
 six minutes . 
 that way maybe i can surprise them before they realize you 're gone . '' 
 daphne was crying steadily now . 
 before she could say anything , rashel went on . 
 `` daphne , any minute now they could realize that . 
 someone 's bound to check the cellar before midnight . 
 every second we stand here could make the difference . 
 please , please , do n't fight me anymore . '' 
 daphne opened her mouth , then shut it . 
 her eyes were desolate . 
 `` please try to take care of yourself , '' she whispered . 
 she let go of rashel 's shoulders and hugged her hard . 
 `` we all know you 're doing it for us . 
 i 'm proud to be your friend . '' 
 then she turned and ran , herding the others ^ ^ toward the boats . 
 a moment later she threw rashel two pieces of line . 
 rashel tied up quinn first , then the werewolf . 
 `` six minutes , '' she said to daphne . 
 daphne nodded , trying not to cry . 
 rashel would n't say goodbye . 
 she hated that . 
 even though she knew perfectly well that she was never going to see daphne again . 
 the first person rashel met in the mansion was ivan . 
 it was sheer dumb luck , the same luck that had helped keep her alive so far tonight . 
 she slipped in the back door , the way she and the girls had gone out . 
 standing in the huge silent kitchen , she listened for an instant to the music that was still blasting from the inner house . 
 then she swiveled to check the cellar-and met ivan the terrible running up the stairs . 
 he had clearly just discovered that his twenty-four valuable slave girls were missing . 
 his blond hair was flying , his eyes were wide with alarm , his mouth was twisted . 
 he had the taser in one hand and a bunch of plastic handcuffs-the kind police use on rioters-in the other . 
 when rashel suddenly appeared on the stairway , his eyes flew open even wider . 
 his mouth opened in astonishment-and then rashel 's foot impacted with his forehead . 
 the snap kick knocked him backward , and he tumbled down the stairs to hit the wooden door below . 
 rashel leaped after him , making it to the bottom only a second after he did . 
 but he was already out . 
 `` what are these ? 
 were you supposed to take some girls up ? '' 
 she kicked at the plastic handcuffs . 
 ivan the unconscious did n't answer . 
 she glanced at her watch . 
 only a quarter to nine . 
 maybe he 'd been taking the girls to get washed or something . 
 it seemed too early to start the feast . 
 running noiselessly back up the stairs , she quietly closed the door . 
 now she had to follow the music . 
 she needed to see where the vampires were , how they were situated , how she could best get at them . 
 she wondered where lily was . 
 the kitchen opened into a grand dining room with an enormous built-in sideboard . 
 it had undoubtedly been made to accommodate whole suckling pigs or something , but rashel had a dreadful vision of a girl lying on that coffinlike mahogany shelf , hands tied behind her , while vampire after vampire stopped by to have a snack . 
 she pushed the idea out of her mind and moved silently across the floorboards . 
 the dining room led to a hall , and it was from the end of the hallway that music was coming . 
 rashel slipped into the dimly lit hall like a shadow , moving closer and closer to the doors there . 
 the last door was the only one that showed light . 
 that one , she thought . 
 before she could get near it , a figure blocked the light . 
 instantly rashel darted through the nearest doorway . 
 she held her breath , standing in the darkened room , watching the hall . 
 if only one or two vampires came out , she could pick them off . 
 but nobody came out and she realized it must have just been someone passing in front of the light . 
 at the same moment she realized that the music was very loud . 
 this was n't another room-it was the same room . 
 she was in one gigantic double parlor , with a huge wooden screen breaking it up into two separate spaces . 
 the screen was solid , but carved into a lacy pattern that let flickering light through . 
 rashel thrust her knife in her waistband , then crept to the screen and applied her eye . 
 a spacious room , very masculine , paneled like the dining room in mahogany and floored in cherry parquet . 
 glass brick windows-opaque . 
 all rashel 's worry about somebody looking out had been for nothing . 
 a fire burned in a massive fireplace , the light bringing out the ruddy tones in the wood . 
 the whole room looked red and secret . 
 and there they were . 
 the vampires for the bloodfeast . 
 seven of the most powerful made vampires in the world , fayth had said . 
 rashel counted heads swiftly . 
 yes , seven . 
 no lily . 
 `` you boys do n't look that scary , '' she murmured . 
 that was one thing about made vampires . 
 unlike the lamia , who could stop aging-or start againwhenever they wanted , made vampires were stuck . 
 and since the process of turning a human body into a vampire body was incredibly difficult , only a young human could survive it . 
 try to turn somebody over twenty into a vampire and they would burn out . 
 fry . 
 die . 
 the result was that all made vampires were stuck as teenagers . 
 what rashel was looking at could have been the cast for some new tv soap about friends . 
 seven teenage guys , different sizes , different colors , but all hollywood handsome , and all dressed to kill . 
 they could have been talking and laughing about a fishing trip or a school dance ... except for their eyes . 
 that was what gave them away , rashel thought . 
 the eyes showed a depth no high school guy could ever have . 
 an experience , an intelligence ... and a coldness . 
 some of these teenagers were undoubtedly hundreds of years old , maybe thousands . 
 all of them were absolutely deadly . 
 or else they would n't be here . 
 they each expected to kill three innocent girls starting at midnight . 
 these thoughts flashed through rashel 's mind in a matter of seconds . 
 she had already decided on the best way to plunge into the room and start the attack . 
 but one thing kept her from doing it . 
 there were only seven vampires . 
 and the eighth was the one she wanted . 
 the client . 
 the one who 'd hired quinn and set up the feast . 
 maybe it was one of these . 
 maybe that tall one with the dark skin and the look of authority . 
 or the silvery blond with the odd smile ... no . 
 nobody really looks like a host . 
 i think it 's the one who 's still missing . 
 but maybe she could n't afford to wait . 
 they might hear the powerboats leaving over the steady pounding of the music . 
 maybe she should just ... something grabbed her from behind . 
 this time she had no warning . 
 and she was n't surprised anymore . 
 her opinion of herself as a warrior had plummeted . 
 she intended to fight , though . 
 she went limp to loosen the grip , then reached between her own legs to grab her attacker 's ankle . 
 a jerk up would throw him off balance ... do n't do it . 
 i do n't want to have to stun you , but i will . 
 quinn . 
 she recognized the mental voice , and the hand clamped across her mouth . 
 and both the telepathy and the skin contact were having an effect on her . 
 it was n't like before ; no lightning bolts , no explosions . 
 but she was overwhelmed with a sense of quinn . 
 she seemed to feel his mind-and the feeling was one of drowning in dark chaos . 
 a storm that seemed just as likely to kill quinn as anyone else . 
 he lifted her cleanly and backed out of the room with her , into the hall , then up a flight of stairs . 
 rashel did n't fight . 
 she tried to clear her head and wait for an opportunity . 
 by the time he 'd pulled her into an upstairs room and shut the door , she realized that there was n't going to be an opportunity . 
 he was just too strong , and he could stun her telepathically the instant she moved to get away . 
 the tables had turned . 
 there was nothing to do now but hope that she could face death as calmly as he had . 
 at least , she thought , it would put a stop to her confusion . 
 he let go of her and she slowly turned to look at him . 
 what she saw sent chills between her shoulder blades . 
 his eyes were as dark and chaotic as the clouds she 'd sensed in his mind . 
 it was scarier than the cold hunger she 'd seen in the eyes of the seven guys downstairs . 
 then he smiled . 
 a smile that shed rainbows . 
 rashel pressed her back against the wall and tried to brace herself . 
 `` give me the knife . '' 
 she simply looked at him . 
 he pulled it out of her waistband and tossed it on the bed . 
 `` i do n't like being knocked out , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't know why , but something about it really bothers me . '' 
 `` quinn , just get it over with . '' 
 `` and it took me a while to get myself untied . 
 every time i meet you , i seem to end up hog-tied and unconscious . 
 it 's getting monotonous . '' 
 `` quinn ... you 're a vampire . 
 i 'm a vampire hunter . 
 do what you have to . '' 
 `` we 're also always threatening each other . 
 have you noticed that ? 
 of course , everything we keep saying is true . 
 it is kill or be killed . 
 and you 've killed a lot of my people , rashel the cat . '' 
 `` and you 've killed a lot of mine , john quinn . '' 
 he glanced away , looking into a middle distance . 
 his pupils were enormous . 
 `` less than you might think , actually . 
 i do n't usually kill to feed . 
 but , yes , i 've done enough . 
 i said before , i know what you think of me . '' 
 rashel said nothing . 
 she was frightened and confused and had been under strain for quite a long time . 
 she felt that at any moment she could snap . 
 `` we belong to two different races , races that hate each other . 
 there 's no way to get around that . '' 
 he turned his dark eyes back on her and gave her a brilliant smile . 
 `` unless , of course , we change it . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to make you a vampire . '' 
 something inside rashel seemed to give way and fall . 
 she felt as if her legs might collapse . 
 he could n't mean it , he could n't be serious . 
 but he was . 
 she could tell . 
 there was a kind of surface serenity pasted over the dark roiling clouds in his eyes . 
 so this was how he 'd solved an unsolvable problem . 
 he had snapped . 
 rashel whispered , `` you know you ca n't do that . '' 
 `` i know i can do that . 
 it 's very simple , actually - all we have to do is exchange blood . 
 and it 's the only way . '' 
 he took hold of her arms just above the elbow . 
 `` do n't you understand ? 
 as long as you 're human , night world law says you have to die if i love you . '' 
 rashel stood stricken . 
 quinn had stopped short , as if he were startled himself by what he 'd said . 
 then he gave an odd laugh and shook his head . 
 `` if i love you , '' he repeated . 
 `` and that 's the problem , of course . 
 i do love you . '' 
 rashel leaned against the wall for support . 
 she could n't think anymore . 
 she could n't even breathe properly . 
 and somewhere deep inside her there was a trembling that would n't stop . 
 `` i 've loved you from that first night , rashel the cat . 
 i did n't want to admit it , but it was true . '' 
 he was still gripping her tightly by the arms , leaning close to her , but his eyes were distant , lost in the past . 
 `` i 'd never met a human like you , '' he said softly , as if remembering . 
 `` you were strong , you were n't weak and pathetic . 
 you were n't looking for your own destruction . 
 but you were going to let me go . 
 strength and compassion . 
 and ... honor . 
 of course i loved you . '' 
 his dark eyes focused again . 
 he looked at her sharply . 
 `` i 'd have been crazy not to . '' 
 falling into darkness ... rashel had a terrifying desire to simply collapse in his arms . 
 give in . 
 he was so strangely beautiful , and the power of his personality was overwhelming . 
 and of course she loved him , too . 
 that was suddenly excruciatingly clear . 
 undeniable . 
 from the beginning he had struck a chord in her that no one else had ever touched . 
 he was so much like her-a hunter , a fighter . 
 but he had honor , too . 
 however he might try to deny it or get around it , deep inside him there was still honor . 
 and like her , he knew the dark side of life , the pain , the violence . 
 they had both seen-and done-things that normal people would n't understand . 
 she was supposed to hate him ... but from the beginning she 'd seen herself in him . 
 she had felt the bond , the connection between them ... rashel shook her head . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she had to stop thinking these things . 
 she would not surrender to the darkness . 
 `` you ca n't stop me , you know , '' quinn said softly . 
 `` that ought to make things easier for you . 
 you do n't even have to make a decision . 
 it 's all my fault . 
 i 'm very , very bad , and i 'm going to make you a vampire . '' 
 somehow that gave rashel her voice back . 
 `` how can you do that-to someone you love ? '' 
 she spat . 
 `` because i do n't want you dead ! 
 because as long as you 're human , you 're going to get yourself killed ! '' 
 he put his face close to hers , their foreheads almost touching . 
 `` i will not let you kill yourself , '' he said through his teeth . 
 `` if you make me a vampire , i will kill myself , '' rashel said . 
 her mind had cleared . 
 however much she wanted to give in , however enticing the darkness might be , it all disappeared when she thought of how it would end . 
 she would be a vampire . 
 she 'd be driven by bloodlust to do things that would horrify her right now . 
 and she 'd undoubtedly find excuses for doing them . 
 she would become a monster . 
 quinn was looking shaken . 
 she 'd scared him , she could see it in his eyes . 
 `` you 'll feel differently once it 's done , '' he said . 
 `` no . 
 listen to me , quinn . '' 
 she kept her eyes on his , looking deep , trying to let him see the truth of what she was saying . 
 `` if you make me a vampire , the moment i wake up i 'll stab myself with my own knife . 
 do you think i 'm not brave enough ? '' 
 `` you 're too brave ; that 's your problem . '' 
 he was faltering . 
 the surface serenity was breaking up . 
 but that was n't really helpful , rashel realized , because underneath it was an agony of desperate confusion . 
 quinn really could n't see any other solution . 
 rashel could n't see any herself-except that she did n't really expect to survive tonight . 
 quinn 's face hardened , and she could see him pushing away doubts . 
 `` you 'll get used to it , '' he said harshly , his voice grating . 
 `` you 'll see . 
 let 's start now , '' he added . 
 and then he bit her . 
 he was so fast . 
 unbelievably fast . 
 he caught her jaw and tilted her head back and to the side-not roughly but with an irresistible control and precision . 
 then before rashel had time to scream , she felt a hot sting . 
 she felt teeth , vampire teeth , extended to an impossible delicacy and sharpness , pierce her flesh . 
 this is it . 
 this is death . 
 panic flooded her . 
 but it was n't death , of course-not yet . 
 she would n't even be changed into a vampire by a single exchange of blood . 
 no , instead it would be slow torture ... days of agony ... pain ... she kept waiting for the pain . 
 instead she felt a strange warmth and languor . 
 was he actually drinking her blood ? 
 all she could sense was quinn 's mouth nuzzling at her neck , his arms around her tightly . 
 and ... his mind . 
 it happened all at once . 
 in a sudden silent explosion , white light engulfed her . 
 it burst around her . 
 she was floating in it . 
 quinn was floating in it . 
 it was shining around them and through them , and she could feel a connection with quinn that made their last connection seem like a faulty telephone line . 
 she knew him . 
 she could see him , his soul , whatever you wanted to call it , whatever it was that made him john quinn . 
 they seemed to be floating together in some other space , in a naked white light that revealed everything and mercilessly lit up all the most secret places . 
 and if anyone had asked her , rashel would have said that would be horrible , and she would have run for her life to get away from it . 
 but it was n't horrible . 
 she could see dreadful dark bits in quinn 's mind , and dreadful dark bits in hers . 
 tangled , thorny , scary parts , full of anger and hate . 
 but there were so many other parts-some of them almost unused-that were beautiful and strong and whole . 
 there was so much potential . 
 rainbow places that were aching to grow . 
 other parts that seemed to quiver with light , desperate to be awakened . 
 we ask so little of ourselves , rashel thought in wonder . 
 if everybody 's like this-we stunt ourselves so badly . 
 we could be so much more ... i do n't want you to be more . 
 you 're amazing enough the way you are . 
 it was quinn . 
 not even his voice , just-quinn . 
 his thoughts . 
 and rashel knew her thoughts flowed to him without her even making an effort . 
 you know what i mean . 
 is n't this strange ? 
 does this always happen with vampires ? 
 nothing like this has ever happened to me in my life , quinn said . 
 what he felt was even more , and rashel could sense it directly , in a dizzying sweet wave . 
 there was an understanding between them that ran deeper than any words could convey . 
 whatever was happening to them , however they had gotten to this place , one thing was obvious . 
 under the white light that revealed their inner selves , it was clear that small differences like being vampire or human did n't matter . 
 they were both just people . 
 john quinn and rashel jordan . 
 people who were stumbling through life trying to deal with the hurt . 
 because there was hurt . 
 there was pain in the landscape of quinn 's mind . 
 rashel sensed it without words or even images ; she could feel the feelings that had scarred quinn . 
 your father did something-he killed dove ? 
 oh , john . 
 oh , john , i 'm so sorry . 
 i did n't know . 
 rainbow lights shimmered when she called him john . 
 it was the part of him that he had repressed the most ruthlessly . 
 the part that she could almost feel growing in her presence . 
 no wonder you hated humans . 
 after everything you 'd ken through , to have your own father want you dead ... and no wonder you hated vampires . 
 they killed someone dose to you-your mother ? 
 and you were so young . 
 i 'm ... sorry . 
 he was n't as easy with words as she was , but here they did n't need words . 
 she could sense his sorrow , his shame , and his fierce protectiveness . 
 and she could sense the emotion behind his next question . 
 who did it ? 
 i do n't know . 
 i 'll probably never know . 
 rashel did n't want to pursue it . 
 she did n't want to feed the dark side of quinn ; she wanted to see more of the shimmering light . 
 she wanted to make the light grow until the dark disappeared . 
 rashel , that may not be possible . 
 quinn 's thought was n't bitter ; it was serious and gentle . 
 tinged with infinite regret . 
 i may not be able to become anything better - of course you can . 
 we all can . 
 rashel cut him off with absolute determination . 
 she could feel the bone-deep cold that had set into him years ago , that he 'd allowed to set in . 
 i wo n't let you be cold , she told him , and she went for a romp in his mind , kissing things and blowing warmth into them , thinking sunlight and comfort everywhere . 
 please stop ; i think you 're killing me . 
 quinn 's thought was shaky-half serious and half hysterical , like the helpless gasp of somebody being tickled to death . 
 rashel 's whole being was singing with elation . 
 she was young-how strange that she had never really felt young until now-and she was in love and stronger than she had ever been before . 
 she had john quinn the vampire squirming and semi-hysterical . 
 she was unstoppable . 
 anything was possible . 
 i 'll make everything be right , she told quinn , and she was happy to see that she 'd driven his doubt and his sadness away , at least for the moment . 
 do you really want me to stop ? 
 no . 
 quinn sounded dazed now-and bemused . 
 i 've decided i 'll enjoy dying this way . 
 but ... rashel could n't follow the rest of his thought , but she felt a new coldness , something like a wind from outside . 
 outside . 
 she 'd forgotten there was an outside . 
 in here , in the private cocoon of their minds , there was nothing but her and quinn . 
 it was almost as if nothing else existed . 
 but ... there was a whole world out there . 
 other people . 
 things happening . 
 things rashel had to stop ... the sound of her own voice sent rashel spinning out of the light . 
 it was as if she were emerging from deep water - from one world into another . 
 or as if she were re-entering her own body . 
 for a moment everything was confusion , and rashel was n't sure of where she was or how she was positioned ... and then she felt her arms and legs and saw yellow light . 
 lamplight . 
 she was in an upstairs room in a mansion on a private island , and quinn was holding her . 
 they had somehow ended up on the floor , half kneeling , half supported by the wall , their arms around each other , rashel 's head on his shoulder . 
 she had no idea when he 'd stopped biting her . 
 she also had no idea how much time had passed . 
 she coughed a little , shaken by what had just happened . 
 that other place , with the light-it still seemed more real than the hard shiny boards of the floor underneath her and the white walls of the room . 
 but it also seemed encased in its own reality . 
 like a dream . 
 she did n't know if they would ever be able to get back there again . 
 `` quinn ? '' 
 he was quinn again . 
 not john . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you know what happened ? 
 i mean , do you understand it ? '' 
 `` i think , '' he said , and his voice was gentle and precise , `` that sharing blood can strengthen a telepathic bond . 
 i 've always been able to block it out when i fed before , but ... '' he did n't finish . 
 `` but it happened that other time . 
 or something like it happened . 
 when i first met you . '' 
 `` yes . 
 well . 
 well , i think it 's ... there 's something called ... '' he gave up and resorted to nonverbal communication . 
 there 's something called the soulmate principle . 
 i 've never believed in it . 
 i 've laughed at people who talked about it . 
 i would have bet my life that - `` what is it , quinn ? '' 
 rashel had heard of it , too , especially recently . 
 but it was n't something from her world , and she wanted a night person to explain . 
 it 's the idea that everyone has one and just one soul-mate in the world , and that if you find them , you recognize them immediately . 
 and ... well , that 's that . 
 `` but it 's not supposed to happen between humans and night people . 
 right ? '' 
 there are some people who think that it is happening-now-for some reason-especially between humans and night people . 
 the redferns seem to be getting it in particular . 
 there was a pause , then quinn said aloud , `` i should probably apologize to some of them , actually . '' 
 he sounded bemused . 
 rashel sat up , which was difficult . 
 she did n't want to let go of quinn . 
 he kept hold of her fingers , which helped a little . 
 he looked more mussed than he had down near the wharf , his neat hair disordered , his eyes large and dark and dazed . 
 she met his gaze directly . 
 `` you think we 're soulmates ? '' 
 `` well . '' 
 he blinked . 
 `` do you have a better explanation ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she took a breath . 
 `` do you still want to make me a vampire ? '' 
 he stared at her , and something flamed and then fell in pain in his eyes . 
 for an instant he looked as if she 'd hit him-then all she could see was regret . 
 `` oh , rashel '' in one motion he caught her and held her . 
 his face was pressed to her hair . 
 she could feel him breathing like some stricken creature-and then she felt him regain control , grabbing discipline from somewhere , wrapping himself in it . 
 he rested his chin on her head . 
 `` i 'm sorry you have to ask that , but i understand . 
 i do n't want to make you a vampire . 
 i want - '' i want you to be what you were two minutes ago . 
 that happy , that idealistic ... he sounded as if it were something that had been lost forever . 
 but rashel felt a new happiness , and a new confidence . 
 he had changed . 
 she could sense how much he had changed already . 
 they were in the real world , and he was n't raving about needing to kill her , or her needing to kill him . 
 `` i just wanted to be sure , '' she said . 
 she tightened her own arms around him . 
 `` i do n't know what 's going to happen-but as long as we 're right together , i think i can face it . '' 
 i think we live or die together from now on , quinn said simply . 
 yes , rashel thought . 
 she could still feel lingering sadness in quinn , and confusion in herself , but they were right together . 
 she did n't need to doubt him anymore . 
 they trusted each other . 
 `` we have to do something about the people downstairs , '' she said . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` but we ca n't kill them . '' 
 `` no . 
 there 's been enough killing . 
 it has to stop . '' 
 quinn sounded like a swimmer who 'd been tumbling in a riptide , and whose feet had finally found solid ground . 
 rashel sat up to look at him . 
 `` but we ca n't just let them walk out of here . 
 what if they try it again ? 
 i mean , whoever set this bloodfeast up ... '' she suddenly realized that she had asked everybody else , but not him . 
 `` quinn , who did set this up ? '' 
 he smiled , a faint echo of his old savage smile . 
 now it was grim and self-mocking . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` you do n't know ? '' 
 `` some vampire who wanted to get the made vampires together . 
 but i 've never met him . 
 lily was the go-between , but i 'm not sure she knows either . 
 she only spoke to him on the phone . 
 neither of us asked a lot of questions . 
 we were doing it for the money . '' 
 he said it flatly , not sparing himself . 
 and to be rebellious , rashel thought . 
 to be as bad and as damned as possible , because you figured you might as well . 
 she said , `` whoever it is might just go somewhere else and find somebody else to get his slaves for him . 
 those seven guys could be having a new bloodfeast next month . '' 
 `` that has to be stopped , too , '' quinn said . 
 `` how to stop it without violence , that 's the question . '' 
 his fingers were still tight on rashel 's , but he was staring into the distance , lost in grim and competent thought . 
 it was a new side of quinn . 
 rashel had seen him in almost every mood from despairing to manic , but she had never worked with him before . 
 now she realized that he was going to make a strong and resourceful ally . 
 suddenly quinn seemed to focus . 
 `` i 've got it , '' he said . 
 he smiled suddenly , mocking but without the bitterness . 
 `` when violence wo n't work , there 's no other choice but to try persuasion . '' 
 `` that 's not funny . '' 
 `` it 's not meant to be . '' 
 `` you 're going to say , ` please do n't kill any more young girls ' ? '' 
 `` i 'm going to say , ` please do n't kill any more young girls or i 'll report you to the joint council . ' 
 listen , rashel . '' 
 he took her by the arms , his eyes flashing with excitement . 
 `` i have some authority in the night world-i 'm the redfern heir . 
 and hunter redfern has more . 
 between us , we can make all kinds of trouble for these made vampires . '' 
 `` but fayth-a friend of mine-said they were all so powerful . '' 
 in the intensity of the moment , rashel almost missed the fact that she 'd just called fayth her friend . 
 quinn was shaking his head . 
 `` no , you have to understand . 
 these are n't rogues , they 're night world citizens . 
 and what they 're doing is completely illegal . 
 you ca n't just kill a bunch of girls from one area without permission . 
 slavery 's illegal , bloodfeasts are illegal . 
 and no matter how powerful they are , they ca n't stand up against the night world council . '' 
 `` but - '' `` we threaten them with exposure to the council . 
 with exposure to hunter redfern-and to the lamia . 
 the lamia will go crazy at the thought of made vampires getting together in some kind of alliance . 
 they 'll take it as a threat of civil war . '' 
 it might work , rashel was thinking . 
 the made vampires were just individuals-they 'd be up against whole lamia families . 
 especially against the redfern family , the oldest and most respected clan of vampires . 
 `` everybody 's scared of hunter redfern , '' she said slowly . 
 `` he 's got tremendous influence . 
 he practically owns the council . 
 he could run them out of the night world if he wanted . 
 i think they 'll listen . '' 
 `` you really do think of him as a father , do n't you ? '' 
 rashel said , her voice soft . 
 she searched quinn 's eyes . 
 `` whatever you say about hating him-you respect him . '' 
 `` he 's not as bad as most . 
 he has ... honor , i guess . 
 usually . '' 
 and he 's a new englander , rashel thought . 
 that means he 's against vice . 
 she considered another moment , then she nodded . 
 her heart was beating fast , but she could feel a smile breaking on her face . 
 `` let 's try persuasion . '' 
 they stood-and then they paused a moment , looking at each other . 
 we 're strong , rashel thought . 
 we 've got unity . 
 if anyone can do this , we can . 
 she picked up her knife almost absent-mindedly . 
 it was a piece of art , a valued possession , and she did n't want to lose it . 
 they walked down the stairs side by side . 
 music was still blasting from the gathering room at the end of the hall . 
 it had n't been that long , rashel realized . 
 the whole world had changed since she 'd been in this hallway-but somehow it had all happened in minutes . 
 now , quinn said silently before they went in . 
 there should n't be any danger - / do n't think they 'll be stupid enough to attack me-but be alert anyway . 
 rashel nodded . 
 she felt cool and businesslike , and she thought she was perfectly rational . 
 it was only later that she realized they had walked into the room like little lambs into the tiger 's lair , still dizzy and reeling from the discovery of love . 
 quinn went in first and she could hear voices stop as he did . 
 then she was walking through the door , into that ruddy flickering room with shadows dancing on the walls . 
 and there they were again , those handsome young guys who looked like a tv-series ensemble . 
 they were looking at quinn with various expressions of interest and surprise . 
 when they saw her , the expressions sharpened to pleasure and inquiry . 
 `` hey , quinn ! '' 
 `` hi there , quinn . '' 
 `` so you 've arrived at last . 
 you 've kept us waiting long enough . '' 
 that from the dark one who was looking at his watch . 
 quinn said , `` turn off the music . '' 
 someone went to a built-in mahogany cabinet and turned off an expensive stereo . 
 quinn was looking around the room , as if to appraise each of them . 
 `` campbell , '' he said , nodding slightly . 
 `` radhu . 
 azarius . 
 max . '' 
 `` so you 're the one who brought us here , '' campbell said . 
 he had rusty hair and a sleepy smile . 
 `` we 've all been dying to find out . '' 
 `` who 's that ? '' 
 someone else added , peering at rashel . 
 `` the first course ? '' 
 quinn smiled fractionally , with a look that made the guy who 'd asked step backward . 
 `` no , she 's not the first course , '' he said softly . 
 `` in fact , unfortunately , all the courses have disappeared . '' 
 there was a silence . 
 everyone stared at him . 
 then the guy with the silver-blond hair said , `` what ? '' 
 `` they 've all-just-disappeared . '' 
 quinn made an expressive gesture . 
 `` escaped . 
 vanished . '' 
 another silence . 
 rashel did n't like this one . 
 she was beginning to get an odd impression from the group , as if she were in a room , not with people , but with animals that had been kept past their feeding time . 
 `` what the hell are you talking about ? '' 
 the dark one , the one quinn had called azarius , said tightly . 
 `` what kind of joke is this ? '' 
 campbell added . 
 `` it 's not a joke . 
 the girls who were brought for the bloodfeast are gone , '' quinn said slowly and distinctly , just in case anybody had n't gotten it yet . 
 then he said , `` and as a matter of fact , it 's a good thing . '' 
 `` a good thing ? 
 quinn , we 're starving . '' 
 `` they ca n't have gone too far , '' the silver blond said . 
 `` after all , it 's an island . 
 let 's go and - '' `` nobody 's going anywhere , '' quinn said . 
 rashel moved closer to him . 
 she was still nervous . 
 these guys were on the edge of getting out of control . 
 but she trusted quinn , and she could tell they were afraid of him . 
 and , she told herself , they 'll be even more afraid in a minute . 
 `` look , quinn , if you brought us here to - '' `` i did n't bring you here . 
 in fact , i do n't know who brought you here , but it does n't matter . 
 i 've got the same thing to say to all of you . 
 there is n't going to be any bloodfeast , now or ever . 
 and anybody who objects to that can take their problem to the council . '' 
 that shut everyone up . 
 they simply stared at quinn . 
 it was clearly the last thing they expected . 
 `` in fact , if you do n't want the council to hear about this , i 'd advise everybody to go home quietly and pretend it never happened . 
 and to have a headache the next time anybody asks you to a bloodfeast . '' 
 this silence was broken by somebody muttering , `` you dirty ... '' meanwhile , rashel 's mind had begun to tick . 
 just how were these guys going to go home quietly ? 
 there were n't any boats . 
 unless the host brought one when he came-if he came . 
 and where was he , anyway ? 
 and where was lily ? 
 `` quinn , '' she said softly . 
 but somebody else was speaking . 
 `` you 'd tell the council ? '' 
 a lean tough-looking guy with brown hair asked . 
 `` no , i 'd let hunter redfern tell the council , '' quinn said . 
 `` and i do n't really think you want that . 
 he might put it in a bad light . 
 raise your hands everybody who thinks hunter redfern would approve of this little party . '' 
 `` do i get a vote ? '' 
 the voice came from the doorway . 
 it was deeper than the voices of the young guys in the room . 
 rashel recognized the sound of danger instinctively and turned . 
 and later it seemed to her that even before she turned , she knew what she would see . 
 a tall man standing easily , with a girl and a child behind him in the shadows . 
 he was colored by the flickering ruby light of the fire , but rashel could still see that his hair was red as blood . 
 and his eyes were golden . 
 golden like hawk 's eyes , like amber . 
 like lily redfern 's eyes . 
 why had n't she realized that before ? 
 the face was a face she would never forget . 
 it came to her every night in her dreams . 
 it was the man who 'd killed her mother . 
 the man who 'd chased her through the climbing structure , promising her ice cream . 
 all at once , rashel was five years old again , weak and helpless and terrified . 
 `` hello , quinn , '' hunter redfern said . 
 quinn was absolutely still beside rashel . 
 she had the feeling that he could n't even think . 
 and she understood why . 
 she 'd seen into his mind ; she knew what hunter represented to him . 
 stern necessity , even ruthlessness , but honor , too . 
 and he was just now finding out that that was all a lie . 
 `` do n't look so upset , '' hunter said . 
 he stepped forward with an amiable smile . 
 his golden eyes were fixed on quinn ; he had n't even glanced at rashel yet . 
 `` there 's a reason for all this . '' 
 he gestured to the vampires in the room , and his voice was gentle , rational . 
 `` we need allies in the council ; the lamia are getting too lax . 
 once i 've explained it all to you , you 'll understand . '' 
 the way he 'd made quinn understand that quinn had to be a vampire , rashel thought . 
 the way he 'd made quinn understand that humans were the enemy . 
 she was shaking all over , but there was a white-hot fire inside her that burned through the fear . 
 `` was there a reason for killing my mother ? '' 
 she said . 
 the golden eyes turned toward her . 
 hunter looked mildly startled . 
 beside her , quinn 's head jerked around . 
 `` i was only five , but i remember it all , '' rashel said . 
 she took a step closer to hunter . 
 `` you killed her just like that-snapped her neck . 
 was there a reason for killing timmy ? 
 he was four years old and you drank his blood . 
 was there a reason for killing my great-aunt ? 
 you set a fire to get me , but it got her . '' 
 she stopped , staring into those predatory golden eyes . 
 she 'd searched for this man for twelve years , and now he did n't seem to recognize her . 
 `` what 's wrong , did you hunt too many little kids to keep track of ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` or are you so crazy you believe your own public image ? '' 
 quinn whispered , `` rashel ... '' she turned . 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 he was the one . '' 
 in that instant , she saw quinn 's face harden implacably against the man who 'd made him a red-fern . 
 his eyes went dark as black holes-no light escaped . 
 rashel suddenly had the feeling of glacial cold . 
 look into eyes like that and what you saw alone might kill you , she thought . 
 but she had her own fire inside her , her own vengeance . 
 the knife was in her waistband . 
 if she could just get close enough ... she moved toward hunter redfern again . 
 `` you destroyed my life . 
 and you do n't even remember , do you ? '' 
 `` i remember , '' the little shadow beside him said . 
 and then the world flipped and rashel felt the floor slipping away from her . 
 the child behind hunter was walking into the light-and suddenly she could smell plastic and old socks , and she could feel vinyl under her hands . 
 memories were flooding up so quickly that she was drowning in them . 
 all she could say was `` oh , timmy . 
 oh , god , timmy . '' 
 he was standing there , just as she 'd seen him last , twelve years ago . 
 shiny dark hair and wide tilted blue eyes . 
 except that the eyes were n't exactly a child 's eyes . 
 they were some strange and terrible combination of child and adult . 
 there was too much knowledge in them . 
 `` you left me , '' timmy said . 
 `` you did n't care about me . '' 
 rashel sank her teeth into her lip , but tears spilled anyway . 
 `` i 'm sorry ... '' `` nobody cared about me , '' timmy said . 
 he reached up to take hunter 's sleeve . 
 `` no humans , anyway . 
 humans are vermin . '' 
 he smiled his old sweet smile . 
 hunter looked down at timmy , then up at quinn . 
 `` it 's amazing how quickly they learn . 
 you have n't met timmy , have you ? 
 he 's been living in vegas , but i think he can be useful here . '' 
 he turned to rashel and his eyes were pure evil . 
 `` of course i remember you . 
 it 's just that you 've changed a little ; you 've gotten older . 
 you 're different from us , you see . '' 
 `` you 're weak , '' lily put in . 
 she had stepped forward , too , to stand beside her father . 
 now she linked her arm in his . 
 `` you 're short-lived . 
 you 're not very bright , and not very important . 
 in a word , you 're ... dinner . '' 
 hunter smiled . 
 `` well put . '' 
 then he dropped the smile and said to quinn , `` step away from her , son . '' 
 quinn moved slightly , closer to rashel . 
 `` this is my soulmate , '' he said , in his softest and most disturbing voice . 
 `` and we 're leaving together . '' 
 hunter redfern stared at him for several long moments . 
 something like disbelief flickered in his eyes . 
 then he recovered and said quietly , `` what a shame . '' 
 behind rashel there were noises of stirring . 
 it was as if a hot wind from the savanna had blown in , and the lions had caught its scent . 
 `` you know , i was already worried about you , quinn , '' hunter said . 
 `` last summer you let ash and his sisters get away with running out on the enclave . 
 do n't think i did n't notice that . 
 you 're getting lax , getting soft . 
 there 's too much of that going around lately . '' 
 stand back to back , quinn told rashel . 
 she was already moving into position . 
 the vampires were forming a ring , encircling them . 
 she could see smiles on every face . 
 `` and lily says you 've been strange these last few days-moody . 
 she said you seemed preoccupied with a human girl . '' 
 rashel drew her knife . 
 the vampires were watching her with the fixed attention of big felines watching their prey . 
 absolute focus . 
 `` but the soulmate idea-that 's really the last straw . 
 it 's like a disease infecting our people . 
 you understand why i have to stamp it out . '' 
 hunter paused . 
 `` for old time 's sake , let 's finish this quickly . '' 
 a voice that was n't quinn 's added in rashel 's mind , / told you i 'd see you later . 
 rashel stood on the balls of her feet , letting hunter 's words slide off her and drip away . 
 she could n't think about him right now . 
 she had to concentrate on awareness , open her energy , and free her mind . 
 this was going to be the biggest fight of her fife , and she needed zanshin . 
 but even as she found it , a small voice inside her was whispering the truth . 
 there were simply too many a fighter knows instinctively when there 's no chance . 
 but rashel planned to fight anyway . 
 and then she noticed something wrong . 
 the vampires should have caught it first . 
 then-senses were sharper . 
 but their senses were turned inward , focused on the victims in front of them . 
 rashel was the only one whose senses were turned outward , alert to everything but focused on nothing . 
 there was a smell that was wrong and a sound . 
 the smell was sharp , stinging , and close by . 
 the sound was soft , distant , but recognizable . 
 gasoline . 
 she could smell gasoline . 
 and she could hear a faint dull roar that sounded like the fireplace in the gathering room-but was coming from somewhere else in the house . 
 it did n't make sense . 
 she did n't understand . 
 but she believed it . 
 `` quinn , get ready to run , '' she said , a gasp on a soft breath . 
 something was about to happen . 
 no , we have to fight - his thought to her broke off . 
 rashel turned to look at the doorway . 
 hunter redfern had moved into the gathering room-but there was someone in the hall . 
 then the someone stepped forward and rashel could see her face . 
 nyala was smiling brilliantly . 
 her small queenly head was high and her dark eyes were flashing . 
 she was holding a red gasoline can in one hand and a liter of grapefruit juice in the other . 
 the bottle was almost full of liquid and had a burning rag stuffed in the top . 
 gas . 
 gas from the pump on the wharf , rashel thought . 
 a generation-x molotov cocktail . 
 `` it 's all over the house , '' nyala said , and her voice was lilting . 
 `` gallons and gallons . 
 all over the rooms and the doors . '' 
 but she should n't be hanging on to it , rashel thought . 
 that bottle is going to explode . 
 `` you see , i am a real vampire hunter , rashel . 
 i figure this way , we get rid of them all at once . '' 
 and the house is already burning ... behind the carved screen on the right side of the room , ruddy light was flickering , growing . 
 the faint roar that had disturbed rashel was louder now . 
 closer . 
 and everything 's wood , rashel thought . 
 wood paneling , wood floors . 
 frame house . 
 a deathtrap for vampires . 
 `` get her , '' hunter redfern said . 
 but none of the vampires charged toward nyala with her about-to-explode bottle of death and her can of fire accelerant . 
 in fact , they were backing away , moving to the perimeter of the room . 
 hunter spun to face nyala directly . 
 you need to put that down , he began in telepathic tones of absolute authority-at the same time rashel shouted , `` nyala , no - '' the sound of telepathy seemed to set something off in nyala . 
 flashing a dazzling savage smile , she smashed the grapefruit juice bottle at his feet . 
 with almost the same motion , she threw the gasoline can , too . 
 it was flying in a graceful arc toward the fireplace , spinning , spilling liquid , and vampires were scattering to try to get out of the way . 
 and then everything was exploding-or maybe erupting was a better word . 
 it was as if a dragon had breathed suddenly into the room , sending a roaring gale of fire through it . 
 but rashel did n't have time to watch-she and quinn were both diving . 
 quinn was diving for the floor past nyala , trying to drag rashel with him . 
 rashel was diving for timmy . 
 she did n't know why . 
 she did n't think about it consciously . 
 she simply had to do it . 
 she hit timmy with the entire force of her body and knocked him to the floor . 
 she covered him as the fire erupted behind her . 
 then she scrambled to her knees , her arm locked around his chest . 
 everything was noise and heat and confusion . 
 vampires were yelling at each other , running , shoving each other . 
 the ones who 'd been splattered with gas were on fire , trying to put it out , getting in one another 's way . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 quinn said , pulling rashel up . 
 `` i know a way outside . '' 
 rashel looked for nyala . 
 she did n't see her . 
 as quinn dragged her into the hall , she saw dark smoke come billowing from the dining-room area . 
 the hall was bathed in reddish light . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 quinn was pulling her across the hall , through the smoke . 
 into a room that was full of orange flames . 
 `` quinn - '' timmy was kicking and struggling in rashel 's arms . 
 yelling at her . 
 she kept her grip on him . 
 and she went with quinn . 
 she had to trust him . 
 he knew the house . 
 she had n't realized how frightening fire was , though . 
 it was like a beast with hot shriveling breath . 
 it seemed alive and it seemed to want to get her , roaring out at her from unexpected places . 
 and it spread so fast . 
 rashel would never have believed it could move so quickly through a house , even a house soaked with gasoline . 
 in a matter of minutes the building had become an inferno . 
 everywhere she looked , there was fire , smoke , and a horrifying reflection of flames . 
 they were on the other side of the room now , and quinn was kicking at a door . 
 his sleeve was on fire . 
 rashel twisted her hand out of his and beat at it to put it out . 
 she almost lost hold of timmy . 
 then the door was swinging outward and cool air was rushing in and the fire was roaring like a crazy thing to meet it . 
 she was simply running , in panic , her only thought to hold on to timmy and to stay with quinn . 
 they were out . 
 but she smelled burning . 
 and now quinn was grabbing her , rolling her over and over on the sandy unpaved road . 
 rashel realized , dimly , that her clothes were on fire in back . 
 quinn stopped rolling her . 
 rashel sat up , tried to glance at her own back , then looked for timmy . 
 he was crouched on the road , staring at the house . 
 rashel could see flames coming out of the windows . 
 smoke was pouring upward and everything seemed as bright as daylight beneath it . 
 `` are you all right ? '' 
 quinn said urgently . 
 he was looking her over . 
 rashel 's whole body was washed with adrenaline and her heart was pounding insanely . 
 but she could n't take her eyes off the house . 
 she stumbled to her feet . 
 `` nyala 's in there ! 
 i have to get her . '' 
 quinn looked at her as if she were raving . 
 rashel just shook her head and started helplessly toward the house . 
 she did n't want to go anywhere near it . 
 she knew the fire wanted her dead . 
 but she could n't leave nyala in there to burn . 
 then quinn was shoving her roughly back . 
 `` you stay here . 
 i 'll get her . '' 
 `` no ! 
 i have to - '' `` you have to watch timmy ! 
 look , he 's getting away ! '' 
 rashel whirled . 
 she did n't have any clear idea of where timmy might be getting away to-but he was on his feet and moving . 
 toward the house , then away from it . 
 she grabbed for him again . 
 when she turned back toward quinn , quinn was gone . 
 no-there he was , darting into the house . 
 timmy was screaming again , kicking in her arms . 
 `` i hate you ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 `` let go of me ! 
 why did you take me out ? '' 
 rashel stared at the house . 
 quinn was inside now . 
 in that holocaust of flame . 
 and he 'd gone because of her , to save her from going herself . 
 please , she thought suddenly and distinctly . 
 please do n't let him die . 
 the flames were roaring higher . 
 the night was brilliant with them . 
 fire was raining in little burning bits from the sky , and rashel 's nose and eyes stung . 
 she knew she should get farther back , but she could n't . 
 she had to watch for quinn . 
 `` why ? 
 i hate you ! 
 why did you take me out ? '' 
 rashel looked at the strange little creature in her arms , the one that was biting and kicking as if it wanted to go back into the burning house . 
 she did n't know what timmy had become-some weird combination of child , adult , and animal , apparently . 
 and she did n't know what kind of future he could possibly have . 
 but she did know , now , why she 'd brought him out . 
 she looked at the childish face , the angry eyes full of hate . 
 `` because my mom told me to take care of you , '' she whispered . 
 and then she was crying . 
 she was holding him and sobbing . 
 timmy did n't try to hold her back , but he did n't bite her anymore either . 
 still sobbing , rashel looked over his head toward the house . 
 everything was burning . 
 and quinn was still inside ... then she saw a figure silhouetted against the flames . 
 two figures . 
 one holding the other , half carrying it . 
 `` quinn ! '' 
 he was running toward her , supporting nyala . 
 they were both covered with soot . 
 nyala was swaying , laughing , her eyes huge and distant . 
 rashel threw her arms around both of them . 
 the relief that washed over her was almost more painful than the fear . 
 her legs literally felt as if they had no bones-she was going to collapse at any second . 
 she was tottering . 
 `` you 're alive , '' she whispered into quinn 's charred collar . 
 `` and you got her . '' 
 she could feel quinn 's arm around her , holding hard . 
 nothing else seemed to matter . 
 but now quinn was taking his arm away , pushing her along the road . 
 `` come on ! 
 we 've got to get to the wharf before they do . '' 
 in a flash , rashel understood . 
 she got a new grip on timmy and turned to run toward the hiking path . 
 her knees were shaking , but she found she could make them move . 
 they lurched down the path in the wild grass , quinn supporting nyala , she carrying timmy . 
 rashel did n't know how many vampires had made it out of the burning house-she had n't seen any - but she knew that any who did would head for the dock . 
 where she and annelise had disabled the boats . 
 but as the wharf came into view , rashel saw something that had n't been there when she left it . 
 there was a yacht in the harbor , swinging at anchor . 
 `` it 's hunter 's , '' quinn said . 
 `` hurry ! '' 
 they were flying down the hill , staggering onto the wharf . 
 rashel saw no sign of the werewolf she 'd tied up earlier , but she saw something else new . 
 an inflatable red dinghy was tied to the pier . 
 `` quick ! 
 you get in first . '' 
 rashel put timmy down and got in . 
 quinn lifted timmy into her arms , then put nyala in . 
 nyala was staring around her now , laughing in spurts , then stopping to breathe hard . 
 rashel put her free arm around her as quinn climbed in the dinghy . 
 every second , rashel was expecting to see hunter redfern appear , blackened and smoldering , with his arms outstretched like some vengeful demon . 
 and then the tiny motor was purring and they were moving away from the wharf . 
 they were leaving it behind . 
 they were on the ocean , the cool dark ocean , freeing themselves from land and danger . 
 rashel watched as the yacht got bigger and bigger . 
 they were close to it now . 
 they were there . 
 `` come on . 
 we can climb up the swimming ladder . 
 come on , fast , '' quinn said . 
 he was reaching for her , his face unfamiliar in a mask of soot , his eyes intense . 
 absolutely focused , absolutely determined . 
 thank god he knows what to do on a boat . 
 i would n't . 
 she let quinn help her up the ladder , then helped timmy and nyala . 
 nyala had stopped laughing entirely now . 
 she was simply gasping , looking bewildered . 
 `` what happened ? 
 what - ? '' 
 she stared toward the cliffs where orange flame was shooting into the sky . 
 `` i did that . 
 did i do that ? '' 
 quinn had pulled up the anchor . 
 he was heading for the cockpit . 
 timmy was crying . 
 kneeling on the deck , rashel held nyala . 
 nyala 's eyelashes were burned to crisp curls . 
 there was white ash on the ends . 
 her mouth was trembling and her body shook as if she were having convulsions . 
 `` i had to do it , '' she got out in a thick voice . 
 `` you know i had to , rashel . '' 
 timmy sobbed on . 
 a motor roared to life . 
 all at once they were moving swiftly and the island with its burning torch was falling behind . 
 `` i had to , '' nyala said in a choked voice . 
 `` i had to . 
 i had to . '' 
 rashel leaned to rest her head on nyala 's hair . 
 wind was whipping around her as they raced away . 
 she held the tiny vampire in one arm and the trembling human girl in the other . 
 and she watched the fire get hunter 's yacht was bigger than the powerboat quinn had brought to the island . 
 there was a salon down in the cabin and two separate staterooms . 
 right now , timmy was in one of them . 
 nyala was in another . 
 quinn had put them both to sleep . 
 quinn and rashel were in the cockpit . 
 `` do you think any of the vampires got out ? '' 
 rashel said softly . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 probably . '' 
 his voice was as quiet as hers . 
 he was filthy , covered with sand and soot , burned here and there , and wildly disheveled . 
 he had never looked more beautiful to rashel . 
 `` you saved nyala , '' she whispered . 
 `` and i know you did it for me . '' 
 he looked at her and some of the tense focus went out of his eyes . 
 the hardness in his face softened . 
 rashel took his hand . 
 she did n't know how to say the rest of what she meant . 
 that she knew he had changed , that he was changing every minute . 
 she could almost feel the new parts of his mind opening and growing-or rather , the old parts , the parts he 'd deliberately left behind when he stopped being human . 
 `` thank you , john quinn , '' she whispered . 
 he laughed . 
 it was n't a savage laugh , or a bitter laugh , or even the charming mad hatter laugh . 
 it was just a real laugh . 
 tired and shaky , but happy . 
 `` what else could i do ? '' 
 then he reached for her and they were holding each other . 
 they might look like two refugees from a disaster movie , but all rashel felt was the singing joy of their closeness . 
 it was such comfort to be able to hold on to quinn , and such wonder to feel him holding her back . 
 a feeling of peace stole over her . 
 there were still problems ahead . 
 she knew that . 
 her mind was already clicking through them , forming a dim checklist of things to worry about when she regained the ability to worry . 
 hunter and the other vampires . 
 they might still be alive . 
 they might come looking for revenge . 
 but even if they did ... rashel had spent her whole life fighting the night world alone . 
 now she had quinn beside her , and together they could take on anything . 
 daphne and the girls . 
 rashel felt sure they were safe ; she trusted annelise and keiko . 
 but once they got home , they 'd be traumatized . 
 they would need help . 
 and someone would need to figure out what they should tell the rest of the world . 
 not that anyone would believe it was real vampires who had kidnapped them if they said so , rashel thought . 
 the police would pass it off as a cult or something . 
 still , the girls know the truth . 
 they may be fresh recruits for the fight ... against what ? 
 how could she be a vampire hunter now ? 
 how could she try to destroy the night world ? 
 where could a reformed vampire and a burned-out vampire hunter go when they fell in love ? 
 the answer , of course , was obvious . 
 rashel knew even as she formed the question , and she laughed silently into quinn 's shoulder . 
 circle daybreak . 
 they 'd become damned daybreakers . 
 granted , they were n't the type to dance in circles with flowers in their hair , singing about love and harmony and all that . 
 but if circle daybreak was going to make any headway , it needed something besides love and harmony . 
 it needed a fighting arm . 
 somebody to deal with the vampires who were hopelessly evil and bent on destruction . 
 somebody to save people like nyala 's sister . 
 somebody to protect kids like timmy . 
 come to think of it , circle daybreak was where nyala and timmy belonged , too . 
 right now they need peace and healing , and people who would understand what they 'd been through . 
 i do n't know , rashel thought , maybe witches can help . 
 she hoped so . 
 she thought nyala would be all right-there was a kind of inner strength to the girl that kept her fighting . 
 she was n't so sure about timmy . 
 trapped in a four-year-old body , his mind twisted by whatever lies hunter had told him ... what kind of normal life could he ever have ? 
 but he was alive , and there was a chance . 
 and maybe there were parts of his mind that were bright and warm and aching to grow . 
 elliot and vicky and the other vampire hunters . 
 rashel would have to talk to them , try to explain what she 'd learned . 
 she did n't know if they 'd listen . 
 but she would have to try . 
 `` all anybody can do is try , '' she said softly . 
 quinn stirred . 
 he leaned back to look into her face . 
 `` you 're right , '' he said , and she realized that he 'd been thinking about the same things . 
 our minds work alike , she thought . 
 she had found her partner , her equal , the one to work and live and love with her . 
 her soulmate . 
 `` i love you , john quinn , '' she said . 
 and then they were kissing each other and she was finding in him a tenderness that even she had n't suspected . 
 but it made sense . 
 after all , the opposite of absolute ruthlessness is absolute tenderness-and when you ripped the one away , you were left with the other . 
 i wonder what else i 'll find out about him ? 
 she thought , dizzy with discovery . 
 whatever it is , it 's sure to be interesting . 
 `` i love you , rashel jordan , '' he said against her lips . 
 not rashel the cat . 
 the cat was dead , and all the old anger and the hate had burned away . 
 it was rashel jordan who was starting a new future . 
 she kissed quinn again and felt the beauty and the mystery of his thoughts . 
 `` hold me tighter , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'm a little cold . '' 
 `` you are ? 
 i feel so warm . 
 it 's spring tomorrow , you know . '' 
 and then they both were quiet , lost in each other . 
 the boat sped on through the sparkling ocean and into the promise of the moonlit night . . 
