 chapter one five times . 
 that 's how many times i have looked at the clock while my mother has been lecturing me . 
 five hundred times . 
 that 's how many times i 've wished i could ram a sharp stick into my ears to prevent myself from having to listen . 
 the ruptured ear drum would be so . 
 worth . 
 it . 
 but unfortunately , i 'll need my hearing for my senior year this year . 
 and also unfortunately , i can tell by the bright red hue to my mother 's cheeks that she 's far from finished . 
 i sigh and stare out the window . 
 and ponder my life . 
 because i live in a bubble . 
 a fragile , beautiful , misleading bubble . 
 anyone looking in might think that life within my shiny bubble is perfect . 
 that i have the perfect parents , perfect home , a perfect life . 
 but it is far from perfect and so am i. trust me . 
 or just ask my mother . 
 `` take it out . '' 
 each word that adrianna giannis spits from her lips is like an ice pellet . 
 she 's really pissed now , i can tell . 
 but i do n't care because i 'm pissed , too . 
 my new nose ring is n't hurting anyone . 
 it 's just a little silver stud . 
 it 's not like i got a tattoo on my face or my n ** ples pierced . 
 i tell her that and her nostrils flare out a little and she cocks her head in a very dangerous way . 
 i take a cautionary step back . 
 my mother has never laid a hand on me , but all good things must come to an end sometime . 
 that time might seriously be now . 
 mom narrows her eyes and i might be mistaken , but i think i see red in them . 
 `` mia alexandria giannis . 
 we have put up with your black clothing and the way you dye your hair . 
 we have even tolerated your new bad attitude . 
 but this . '' 
 and at this point , she throws up her hands and waves them around . 
 `` this is ridiculous . 
 you know that we have an image to protect because of your father . 
 you know that . 
 yet you do n't seem to care . 
 you do n't care about anything but yourself . 
 what are we going to do with you ? '' 
 i stare back at her as firmly as i can and take a deep breath . 
 and then reluctantly dive back into the same-old , same-old argument that we 've already had five hundred other times before . 
 make that five-thousand . 
 or five-hundred-thousand . 
 `` mom . 
 i do n't understand why i have to pretend to be someone that i 'm not just because of my father 's job . 
 it 's not like he 's the prime minister . 
 he just works for the prime minister . 
 people do n't care if the mod 's daughter dresses in black or has a nose ring . '' 
 `` yes , they do , '' she insists . 
 `` they notice and then your father has to field their questions . 
 the minister of defense is a very important position to hold and people watch him . 
 and when they see you acting like this , it 's embarrassing . '' 
 i freeze and my eyes meet hers . 
 fiery green gaze meets fiery green gaze . 
 `` so , i 'm an embarrassment ? '' 
 my mother freezes too and for a moment , i see uncertainty in her eyes , a hesitant waver . 
 but then she steels herself again . 
 `` why would n't you be ? '' 
 she demands harshly , all traces of the momentary softness gone . 
 `` you do everything you can possibly think of to embarrass us . 
 and you do it on purpose . 
 i do n't know why you sound surprised . 
 yes , right now , you embarrass us . '' 
 i am quiet and still as i assess this . 
 i never meant to embarrass them and it is a strange revelation . 
 all i have ever wanted was to be left alone , left to dress how i want and act how i want . 
 is that really so much to ask ? 
 apparently so . 
 and it hits me like a brick wall . 
 i 'm not going to win this argument . 
 i am suddenly overwhelmed by frustration and anger and a little hurt , too . 
 so i swallow hard , then swallow again . 
 then i walk right past my mother without saying a word . 
 as i walk through my bedroom door , i grip the heavy wooden edge in my fingers and slam it as hard as i can . 
 the walls shake . 
 and i am satisfied with that . 
 i calmly stroll down the hall leading away from my bedroom , ignoring the shocked expression on a nearby maid 's face . 
 yes , we have maids . 
 and butlers . 
 and pool boys . 
 no , i do n't like it . 
 but apparently , my opinion is about as important as monopoly money is in the real world . 
 my mother comes barreling out of my room , just like i knew she would . 
 if she had guns , they would be blazing . 
 `` where do you think you 're going ? 
 we do not slam doors in this house , young lady . '' 
 i just did . 
 but i do n't say that . 
 i am silent and mulish and i keep walking . 
 mom tags along at my heels like a rat terrier , but i still keep walking . 
 she grabs at my elbow and i shake her off . 
 she falls behind and stays there . 
 `` just wait until your father comes home ! '' 
 she calls . 
 i have to laugh at that . 
 it would be a terrifying threat , if in fact , my father comes home . 
 but he wo n't . 
 because he seldom does . 
 i keep walking . 
 i know that i 'm being a spoiled bitch , but i ca n't see past my own annoyance at this point . 
 this need of my mother 's to force me into a perfect mold without any concern for my own wishes has come to a boiling point . 
 i ca n't take it anymore . 
 i 'm going to snap . 
 and maybe kill somebody . 
 and i wo n't look good in an orange jumpsuit . 
 or actually , i probably would . 
 i do look lovely in orange . 
 but that 's beside the point . 
 i climb into my little red mercedes convertible and jab at the button that slides the top down . 
 there 's nothing like the wind in my hair as i speed too quickly along caberra 's scenic highways . 
 and i always , always speed too quickly . 
 i shift into first , then squeal my tires as i tear out of our curved semi-circle driveway . 
 mom ought to like that . 
 she can just add it to her list of things that she 's pissed off about . 
 i can hear her voice in my head right now . 
 stanyos giannis ' daughter does not squeal her tires , young lady . 
 you 're an embarrassment . 
 and then i am embarrassed when i suddenly realize that hot tears are welling up in my eyes . 
 damn it . 
 i wipe at them quickly . 
 i hate that i let her get to me like this . 
 this should not have escalated into the feud that it has become . 
 it 's just a freaking nose stud . 
 i can take it out and the hole will grow closed . 
 it 's not the end of the world . 
 my mother , my father and in fact , the entire world , can eff off . 
 i shift into third , then fourth gear as i speed along the highway that leads to valese , the capitol of caberra . 
 we live ten minutes outside of town , in a sleepy house where nothing happens . 
 ever . 
 except for a few screaming matches between my mother and father and me . 
 and that seems to be happening more and more lately . 
 it 's probably mostly my fault , but i ca n't bring myself to conform to their stupid rules . 
 why should i have to ? 
 i 'm not hurting anyone . 
 their stupid rules are stupid . 
 asinine . 
 ridiculous . 
 pathetic . 
 the shoulder strap of my black tank top slips down and i yank it back up . 
 i seriously wish that my best friend was here . 
 but reece went back to her home in kansas for her senior year , taking another of my best friends , dante giliberti , with her . 
 dante 's father is my father 's boss , which makes dante one of the few people in the world who knows exactly how i feel about these things . 
 but he 's gone now - a half a world away and i miss them both like crazy . 
 i fight the urge to pick up my phone and text reece that very message . 
 but these curves are too killer to text while driving . 
 and i 've already texted her that little message about 200 times since she left a month ago . 
 it did n't change anything . 
 they 're still there and i 'm still here . 
 alone . 
 i can still feel my temper , right under the surface , boiling and hot . 
 i 've got to calm myself down . 
 but i do n't have anyone to talk to . 
 reece was my only real friend , besides dante and gavin . 
 and gavin is away until tomorrow on a trip with his dad . 
 i 'm on my own , like usual . 
 and i 'm pissed off at the world . 
 like usual . 
 i sigh and maneuver my car through the busy streets of valese . 
 before i can even think about it , i find myself driving toward the sea . 
 my favorite place in the world . 
 i love everything about it . 
 the vastness , the saltiness , the beauty . 
 i love the taste of it on my lips and the feel of the sea breeze in my hair . 
 i love being here because i know that i will smell like the sea for hours after i leave . 
 the water always seems to calm me down . 
 so , before i even know it , i have parked my car and am standing with my toes in the water . 
 i 'm not really sure how i got here . 
 or why i am here . 
 but i 'm happy that i am . 
 caberra is beautiful . 
 i have to give it that . 
 an island nation just a stone 's throw from greece , it is gorgeous and tranquil and ancient . 
 i wiggle my toes in the wet sand and enjoy how the cool water laps at my ankles . 
 if it were n't daylight , i might just strip off my clothes and go skinny-dipping . 
 but it is . 
 daylight . 
 so i do n't . 
 even i wo n't go that far . 
 my parents would freaking kill me . 
 instead , i sit down and situate myself in the sand , keeping my toes in the water . 
 i watch my black-glittery-toenail bob in and out of the current and i try to zone out , to forget my current angst with my mother . 
 i 'm succeeding , too . 
 that is , until a cowboy hat walks into my periphery . 
 no lie . 
 a cowboy hat . 
 in caberra . 
 holyfreakinghell . 
 i stop what i 'm doing , the zoning out into a vegetative state , and stare . 
 i ca n't help myself . 
 we do n't have cowboys in caberra . 
 but apparently , we do now . 
 a giant of a man , or a boy , or a man-boy , is striding over the rolling sand dunes of the beach wearing cowboy boots and a cowboy hat . 
 that is striking enough in its own right . 
 but the muscles on this guy , the guns . 
 his biceps look as thick as my thighs . 
 which , as a thigh , is n't that big . 
 but as an arm ! 
 it 's enormous . 
 i gulp , then stare at him again . 
 he 's got sandy-blonde hair peeking from under his hat and what looks like dark brown eyes . 
 he 's wearing a button-up blue and white checked cowboy shirt with the arms ripped off and levi 's that look like they were created just for him . 
 wow . 
 just wow . 
 he 's like a handsome alien creature here in caberra , where the average guy wears board shorts and flip-flops and carries a surf board like it 's an accessory . 
 and it intrigues me . 
 he looks like the kind of guy who is no stranger to hard labor and i bet a dollar to doughnuts that he 's got calluses on his hands . 
 my heart flutters . 
 and so i imagine myself reaching in , wrapping my hands around it and squashing it like a bug . 
 because a girl like me does n't get all fluttery over a boy . 
 any boy . 
 not even the tough , good-looking ones . 
 and he is that . 
 wow . 
 he has n't noticed me yet . 
 i do n't know why , unless the brim of his cowboy hat impairs his vision . 
 although to be fair , he is momentarily distracted by a horseshoe crab . 
 i watch with interest as he kneels beside it and examines it , his face only a foot or so from the little beast . 
 he acts like he 's never seen one before as he reaches out a finger and tentatively pokes it . 
 it lies still and i wonder briefly if it is dead and has been washed in by the current . 
 he pokes at it again , probably wondering the same thing . 
 and then the thing lurches into life , scuttling in a haphazard direction directly at man-boy . 
 man-boy jumps backward in surprise , landing directly on his chiseled backside in the wet sand . 
 the crab continues scuttling toward him , probably disoriented , and man-boy continues to scramble backward , kicking at the crab . 
 in his cowboy boots . 
 i 'm dying with laughter and i am not quiet about it . 
 this is literally the funniest thing i 've seen in awhile . 
 man-boy looks up and sees me laughing and glowers at me , which makes me laugh all the harder . 
 my bad mood has been lifted at the sight of this cowboy 's boots digging into the sand trying to escape a harmless horseshoe crab . 
 for that , i should thank him . 
 so i do . 
 i get to my feet , brush off the sand and make my way over to him . 
 i offer him my hand , which he takes and i pull him to his feet . 
 he smiles and his grin is slightly crooked , which i actually find endearing . 
 he 's not gorgeous in a perfect way , he 's gorgeous in an interesting way . 
 he 's got sexy stubble gracing his jawline and his eyes sparkle . 
 he is even better looking up close and i smile back . 
 `` i 'm mia . 
 and you 're afraid of horseshoe crabs . '' 
 i speak in caberran . 
 man-boy looks puzzled and holds his hands up . 
 `` i do n't speak caberran , '' he says apologetically in english . 
 so i repeat myself in english . 
 he smiles again , crooked and mischievous . 
 `` i 'm quinn . 
 and no , i 'm not . 
 i 'm not afraid of anything . '' 
 i start to laugh , then freeze . 
 `` quinn ? 
 as in , reece 's friend from kansas ? '' 
 he grins again , cocky , self-assured . 
 `` the very same . 
 quinn mckeyen . 
 and you must be mia , reece 's friend from caberra . 
 what a small world this must be . '' 
 he 's got a charming american accent . 
 and i might die . 
 i 've heard all about this guy . 
 he 's the one who reece used to have a crush on , the guy who used to date reece 's friend becca and who has come here to caberra in the foreign exchange student program to live in dante giliberti 's house . 
 i 'm such an idiot . 
 whether or not i want to get all fluttery over him , i have to admit that his crooked grin is fairly panty-dropping . 
 i ca n't crush on my best friend 's old crush . 
 can i ? 
 but as i stare at him , at this man-boy with the chiseled country-boy body , his crooked grin begs to differ . 
 he raises an eyebrow . 
 `` you are the same mia , right ? '' 
 i nod , willing my voice to begin working again . 
 what the eff is wrong with me ? 
 `` yes . 
 i am . '' 
 he nods , his cowboy hat dipping in an attractive way . 
 he 's like a retro marlboro commercial . 
 but younger . 
 and hotter . 
 holy freaking cow . 
 `` well then . 
 it 's nice to meet you , '' he nods again and i notice that his eyes are warm and chocolately . 
 i 've always preferred blue eyes . 
 but i am changing that stance as of right this minute . 
 brown is my new blue . 
 i 'm sure of it . 
 and then he turns around and walks away . 
 wait . 
 did that just happen ? 
 i start to call after him , but then decide not to . 
 i 'm not going to be one of those girls , the kind that chases after a good-looking guy simply because they 're good looking . 
 and quinn is definitely that . 
 good-looking . 
 very , very good looking . 
 awesomely , amazingly good looking . 
 i watch his strong , wide shoulders sway as he disappears over the sand dunes . 
 and later , after i return home and go to bed , i dream about his milk-chocately stare . 
 chapter two to : reece ellis > `` you ca n't , '' he reiterates cheerfully . 
 i sigh . 
 then sigh again for good measure , just to make sure he heard me . 
 then i grab my bag , slam my car door shut and finally take gavin 's arm . 
 `` okay , fine , '' i tell him . 
 `` let 's get it over with . '' 
 he stares down at me , his dark gaze twinkling . 
 `` well , when you put it so charmingly , how can i resist ? '' 
 i roll my eyes and he laughs . 
 it 's the story of our lives . 
 i 'm the sarcastic one with the dry wit , he 's the endlessly happy one . 
 one foot in front of the other . 
 that 's what i tell myself as we wind our way through the throngs of chattering kids and into the halls of our school . 
 one foot in front of the other and then before i know it , the day will be over and i 'll be back home . 
 which will be miserable too , but not as miserable as school . 
 i hate my life . 
 it 's official . 
 `` so , have you heard from dante ? '' 
 gavin asks me as we stand in line to receive our locker numbers . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` not this week . 
 but i got an email from reece this morning . 
 they do n't start school until next week . 
 luckies . '' 
 `` i do n't know if they 're so lucky , '' gavin says as he drops me off at my locker . 
 `` apparently , kansas is hotter than hades right now . 
 and dusty . 
 i got an email from dante a couple of weeks ago . 
 he said he 's never seen so much dust outside of a desert . '' 
 `` i would feel sorry for him , but ... i do n't , '' i say firmly . 
 `` he chose to go there . 
 he could be here with us . 
 it was his own decision . '' 
 gavin looks at me with amusement . 
 `` i do n't think he 's feeling sorry for himself , '' he tells me . 
 `` he 's pretty happy . 
 i think he 'd be happy anywhere reece is , though . '' 
 i know that 's right . 
 if anyone was made for each other , even while being complete and total opposites , it is dante and reece . 
 i ca n't help but wonder how smooth , polished dante giliberti is fitting into a rural midwestern american school . 
 but then i put the thoughts aside . 
 dante can handle any situation . 
 he was bred for it . 
 i 'm sure he 's totally fine . 
 me , on the other hand ... i look around . 
 i 'm surrounded , completely and totally , by kids that i ca n't stand . 
 heaven help me . 
 i put my stuff into my locker except for my trig book and slam it closed . 
 whoever gave me trig for my first class of the day , before i 've even had an ounce of caffeine , ought to be shot . 
 right after they are drawn and quartered . 
 with those charming thoughts in my head , i make my way toward class and slide into a seat by the window . 
 one thing about kolettis academy , is that it is very , very nice . 
 we have state of the art equipment , top notch teachers and the very best of everything , all situated in an ancient , beautiful building . 
 we still use the original stone school building , although the interior has been fully remodeled several times throughout the years . 
 the windows are large and allow me to fully see outside , to get a perfect view of the beauty that i am missing this morning . 
 i can see the sea from here , i hear the sea gulls flying overhead and i can hear the water . 
 it makes me sigh . 
 because i 'm not there . 
 i 'm here . 
 in prison . 
 `` miss giannis ? '' 
 uh-oh . 
 mr. priftis ' tone leads me to believe that it 's not the first time he 's called for me . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i turn my attention to him . 
 `` are you awake , miss giannis ? '' 
 luckily , mr. priftis seems amused . 
 i nod quickly . 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 `` very well , '' he smiles . 
 `` i need you to share your textbook with mr. mckeyen until i am able to order him one . '' 
 my heart lurches into my throat as i notice that quinn , the one and the same , is seated next to me . 
 he is all sprawled out , somehow fitting his large body into the smallish desk . 
 how had i not noticed him arriving in this classroom ? 
 it 's such a small room for such a big body . 
 my startled gaze is snared by his and i find amusement there . 
 calm down , i tell myself . 
 he ca n't read your thoughts . 
 or can he ? 
 the amused expression on his face almost makes me think that he knows exactly how flustered he is making me . 
 `` miss giannis ? '' 
 mr. priftis is less amused now and more concerned , his forehead wrinkled . 
 `` yes , '' i answer quickly . 
 `` of course he can share my book . '' 
 `` excellent , '' mr. priftis answers as he returns to his desk . 
 i turn to quinn , mr. rodeogodhimself . 
 `` if you scoot your desk over , you 'll be able to see , '' i tell him . 
 quinn extracts himself carefully from the desk and moves it , then sprawls out once again , but this time right next to me . 
 i can smell him now , that freshly showered man smell and my stomach quivers . 
 i 'm annoyed with myself . 
 i do not react like this to a guy . 
 not ever . 
 quinn grins lazily at me and my stomach quivers again . 
 godblessit . 
 freaking traitorous stomach . 
 and i realize that he 's not wearing his hat . 
 probably because it 's against school rules to wear a hat on the premises . 
 his hair is definitely sandy blond and it curls up slightly at the nape of his neck . 
 it 's also slightly unruly , but i suspect that 's a good reflection of his personality . 
 unruly . 
 rebellious . 
 ornery . 
 his white button-up shirt is slightly loosened at the top and his navy blue tie is not quite straight . 
 he 's wearing his boots and they are currently crossed at his ankles . 
 he manages to look casual and sexy in this sterile classroom setting . 
 i decide it must be an art . 
 `` i like the stripes , '' he tells me , his dark eyes twinkling . 
 i stare at him for a moment until i realize that he means my hair . 
 and before i can stop myself , i self-consciously run my fingers through a blue tendril . 
 `` thank you , '' i answer . 
 i have no idea if he meant the compliment or if he was just using it as a way to point out that he noticed . 
 `` you 're very coordinated , '' he adds , gesturing toward my school uniform . 
 i flush now . 
 because now he 's teasing me . 
 i roll my eyes at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asks innocently . 
 but i can tell from his grin that he is anything but innocent . 
 i flush again . 
 he looks at me quizzically , but mr. priftis starts his lecture and i turn my attention to him . 
 it 's difficult to ignore quinn mcsexy sitting next to me , particularly when i can feel his soft breath on my arm at times . 
 i gulp . 
 he smiles . 
 i die . 
 he winks . 
 he should look completely out of place . 
 because he is out of place even though he 's wearing a uniform like everyone else , although his boots completely add a note of uniqueness to his outfit . 
 `` do you own any other shoes ? '' 
 i whisper to him . 
 he stares down at me . 
 `` of course . 
 i own football cleats . '' 
 `` we do n't play american football here , '' i tell him . 
 he looks chagrined . 
 `` i know . 
 they did n't tell me that before i came here though . '' 
 i 'm sitting next to an american cliche . 
 a big , muscular , hometown football hero , probably . 
 to satisfy my curiosity , i ask , `` did you play quarterback ? '' 
 because that would be the ultimate cliche . 
 but he shakes his head . 
 `` no . 
 i play full-back . '' 
 i have no idea what that is , but i nod as though i do . 
 and then the bell is ringing and i am grabbing my books , saved from having to pretend that i know something about a topic that i actually know nothing about . 
 as everyone bustles into the hall , quinn is surrounded by people trying to talk to him . 
 he is new here ; a curiosity , a distraction . 
 new always equals interesting , at least for awhile . 
 and i find myself feeling jealous when i see a throng of other girls milling about him . 
 i saw him first . 
 i ca n't stop the uninvited territorial feeling from welling up inside of me . 
 as if i know him and have a claim to him . 
 and then i shake it away . 
 he 's not mine . 
 that 's ridiculous . 
 he 's not anyone 's . 
 he 's a stranger here , just trying to fit in and get through his senior year in a strange and foreign place . 
 but quinn stands a head taller than most people and as he turns his head , his gaze meets mine . 
 and there is something there , a familiar pull , almost like he is clinging to me from across the hall because he is surrounded by strangers and he feels like he knows me . 
 but he does n't . 
 and i do n't know him . 
 so i break his gaze and walk away . 
 and i am surprised by how hard it is to do . 
 chapter four from : reece ellis > today is no different . 
 `` sure thing , '' i tell him . 
 `` i 'll meet you at the pier in half an hour . '' 
 which might be tricky since i 'm supposed to be grounded for mouthing off to my mother the other day about my stupid nose ring . 
 hmm . 
 quandary . 
 i 'll have to put some thought into this . 
 but then i give up thinking about it and just leave . 
 what are they going to do to me ? 
 take my birthday away ? 
 i think not . 
 as i speed toward the beach , i do ponder the fact that i 've been such a bitch lately . 
 and for just a moment , i feel bad for my mom . 
 she 's left alone most of the time , trying to fulfill the duties of a political wife . 
 i might sit down and have a talk with her when i get back . 
 might . 
 if she does n't kill me for leaving the house . 
 which is unlikely . 
 so if i 'm still alive when i get back , i might talk to her . 
 i nose my car into a parking spot and grab my gear . 
 i 'm so looking forward to this . 
 there is nothing better for forgetting all of your problems than sinking below the surface of the sea where there is nothing but blue and solitude . 
 as i cross the boardwalk pier , i spot gavin pulling on his wetsuit on the stern of his small boat , the shining . 
 the large motorboat was a sixteenth birthday gift to him from his parents and he named it because of his weird obsession with an old american movie of the same name . 
 i can still remember popping popcorn and watching it with him over and over when we were in junior high . 
 i 'll never forget jack nicholson 's creepy face as he peeked in the door of the creepy hotel . 
 ugh . 
 i had nightmares for weeks . 
 gavin might have issues buried behind his ever-present grin . 
 who else would be that obsessed with such a strange movie ? 
 i smile at him though and hop aboard , dropping my bag on the seat next to him . 
 he gives me a quick hug and the rubber of his suit sticks to my skin . 
 `` hey , mi , '' he says easily . 
 `` check out the current today . '' 
 i glance at the horizon and the waves are pretty tall , at least two to three feet . 
 `` is there a wind advisory ? '' 
 i ask , not worried , but curious . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` not yet , '' he tells me . 
 `` but we 'd better hurry up and get out of the bay before there is . '' 
 i have to smile . 
 he wants to hurry up and get out of the bay before the harbor master can tell him that it 's too dangerous to go out today . 
 seriously , gavin has no fear . 
 he always just assumes that things will be okay . 
 and i guess that 's something that he and i share . 
 i usually feel the same way . 
 things will always turn out okay because they always have . 
 even this summer , when there was an assassination attempt on dante 's father and dante himself was caught up in the same mess , everything turned out okay . 
 and if something like that can work itself out , then pretty much anything else can work out too . 
 i know . 
 skewed logic . 
 `` well , let 's hurry up then , '' i tell gavin . 
 he grins his ornery grin . 
 `` just as soon as our guest arrives , '' he answers , glancing at his watch . 
 `` he should be here any minute . '' 
 `` guest ? '' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 `` yeah , '' gavin answers . 
 `` the new guy . 
 i felt sorry for him - he does n't know anyone here . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i feel like somebody kicked me in the stomach and i do n't know why . 
 `` reece 's friend . '' 
 i have undefined feelings for this guy . 
 i ca n't decide if i like that he gets my heart going or if i hate it . 
 so right now , i 'm reserving the right to decide later . 
 honestly , that 's better than my usual gut instinct to hate everything . 
 and in the meantime , i 'll just enjoy looking at him . 
 `` right , '' gavin nods . 
 `` reece 's friend . 
 he seems nice enough . '' 
 `` well , reece always says that people from the american midwest are the friendliest in the world , '' i answer absently . 
 my eyes are glued to the pier , watching for quinn . 
 gavin notices . 
 `` do you mind that i invited him ? '' 
 i do n't know why he sounds surprised . 
 i 'm not exactly what you would call a people person . 
 it usually takes me a little while to warm up to someone . 
 `` no , of course not , '' i say anyway . 
 `` it 's your boat . 
 you can invite anyone you 'd like . 
 except elena , of course . '' 
 gavin laughs at this . 
 elena kontou is the notorious mean queen of our class . 
 her mother is in dimitri giliberti 's cabinet which has always put her into our select little group . 
 but she 's mean as a snake even though she has a perfect face . 
 actually , make that had a perfect face . 
 her cheek was scarred in the same yacht explosion that injured dimitri giliberti this past summer . 
 she 's had a couple of surgeries to correct it , but you can still see it . 
 and she sort of blames me , because my sort-of-boyfriend at the time , vincent , was the one who rigged the yacht to explode . 
 have i mentioned that my life is complicated ? 
 yeah . 
 it is . 
 but now vincent is waiting for his trial and elena 's face is still scarred . 
 and she has to have someone to blame . 
 and i 'm it . 
 lucky me . 
 `` okay , '' gavin agrees . 
 `` i will never invite elena when you 're here . '' 
 `` you 'd invite her otherwise ? '' 
 i am shocked by this notion . 
 `` she 's a snake , gav . 
 and she ca n't swim . 
 you should n't take her out on the water with you . '' 
 he starts to say something , but we 're interrupted by an american drawl . 
 `` i 'm not a snake , but i ca n't swim either . 
 is that a problem ? '' 
 i look up to find the tips of two battered cowboy boots poking over the edge of the pier . 
 quinn 's gaze meets mine and i find that he is completely unembarrassed by this . 
 `` you seriously ca n't swim ? '' 
 i ask , sure that he is kidding . 
 `` everyone can swim . '' 
 `` no , they ca n't , '' he answers easily as he hops into the boat . 
 `` apparently , the snake and i ca n't . 
 hey , dude , '' he greets gavin . 
 `` thank you again for the invite . 
 i was going crazy at giliberti house . 
 i was starting to talk to myself . '' 
 `` no problem , '' gavin slaps his shoulder and hands him a life jacket . 
 `` you 'd better wear this if you really ca n't swim . '' 
 quinn takes off his shirt and i am instantly distracted by this . 
 holysweetmotherofgod . 
 what do they feed the boys in kansas ? 
 this guy is built like a lean brick house . 
 i can easily count his ab muscles and they ripple every time he moves . 
 holy . 
 cow . 
 he straps on the bright orange life jacket and looks down at me . 
 `` see something you like ? '' 
 and now he 's cocky . 
 and i like it . 
 what is wrong with me that i like cockiness as a character trait ? 
 i shake my head and lie . 
 `` nope . 
 nothing in particular . '' 
 he grins , unabashed . 
 `` whatever you say . '' 
 his expression is knowing . 
 and annoying . 
 `` look , farmboy . 
 i know that you 're mr. hometown football hero back home , but here , you 're not . 
 so , you should start out your relationships with a little less ego . 
 people will like you more . '' 
 `` hmm , '' he says , staring at me thoughtfully . 
 `` kitten has claws . '' 
 gavin is staring me in complete and utter surprise . 
 i 'm not usually so bitchy and to be honest , i do n't know what came over me . 
 i shake my head and look away from both of them . 
 gavin takes the wheel and we 're gliding our way out onto open water . 
 only now , the silence is sort of uncomfortable . 
 and it 's my fault . 
 `` look , '' i turn to quinn . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm not that good with new people . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 he answers innocently with that lopsided grin . 
 `` i had n't noticed . '' 
 gavin busts out laughing and i have to laugh too . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , '' i say again . 
 `` i guess i have trust issues with new people . 
 it seems like so often they just want something from me . 
 but i know that 's not the case with you . '' 
 he eyes me up and down . 
 and then leans in to murmur into my ear . 
 `` do n't be so sure . '' 
 and my cheeks are instantly flushed . 
 ohmyword . 
 did he really just mean what i think he meant ? 
 my eyes meet his and he nods , as if he could hear my unspoken question . 
 i 'm starting to feel like he can read my freaking mind . 
 and i 'm still blushing . 
 so i ignore him . 
 and my racing heart . 
 good lord . 
 we race from the bay and out into open water while the waves toss the shining about . 
 we probably should n't be out here , but the dangerousness of it gives it a more exciting edge . 
 we 're probably insane . 
 gav looks at me . 
 `` do you want to go out to the wrecks or stick to the reef ? '' 
 either way , we 'd be insane . 
 the wrecks , a collection of old sunken ships , are quite a ways from the bay and the waves will be crazy big there today . 
 and the reef ... well , let 's just say that sharks enjoy the reef . 
 a lot . 
 `` wrecks , '' i say . 
 `` done , '' he grins . 
 he turns the boat into that direction and the wind blows my hair from my face . 
 i notice that quinn is gripping the side pretty hard . 
 so hard , in fact , that his fingers are white . 
 interesting . 
 is the hometown hero afraid of boats ? 
 and then i feel bad for thinking of him as hometown hero . 
 i decide that i will ask reece about that before i do it again . 
 i might be way off base , but i doubt it . 
 i turn my attention away from both of the guys onboard and instead , stare out at the water . 
 i was right . 
 the waves here are huge . 
 no wonder quinn is nervous . 
 he 's not used to the sea at all . 
 and he ca n't swim . 
 and since that 's the case , i decide that he must be pretty brave to come out onto the sea in these waves in a little motorboat . 
 or maybe stupid . 
 i have n't decided yet . 
 i lean over and put my hand on his arm for a minute . 
 `` do n't worry , '' i tell him with a grin . 
 `` i wo n't let you drown . '' 
 he raises an eyebrow . 
 `` how would you save me , tiny tot ? 
 you 're half my size . '' 
 and that is a true statement . 
 i eye him , at the way he is once again sprawled out , casually fitting himself into the boat seat . 
 `` how tall are you , anyway ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` 6 ' 6 , '' he answers . 
 `` i ate my spinach when i was growing up . '' 
 holy crap . 
 i practically am half his size . 
 he 's gigantic . 
 he leans over to me . 
 `` and i wear size 14 shoe . 
 do you know what they say about the size of a man 's foot ? '' 
 my cheeks flare into color . 
 yes , i 've heard of the saying . 
 the size of a man 's foot is supposed to be directly parallel to the size of his ... um , male unit . 
 i ca n't even help myself . 
 i eye his foot . 
 and it is gigantic . 
 my eyes fly to his face and find that he is nodding again . 
 and then he laughs . 
 gavin is shaking his head . 
 he 's never seen me blush so much . 
 that much is true . 
 i 'm usually unflappable . 
 but this guy . 
 he gets to me . 
 and i 've almost decided that i hate it . 
 but the verdict is still out . 
 because i might like it . 
 gavin drops anchor and the waves really are crazy . 
 the boat is rolling on top of them and i have a brief sense of hesitation . 
 `` should we stay out here ? '' 
 i ask him hesitantly . 
 he looks at the water and shrugs . 
 `` we 're here now . 
 let 's just take a quick dive and then we 'll head in . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` fine with me . '' 
 i pull my wet suit on over my bathing suit and slide the mask onto my face . 
 gavin lifts the oxygen tank onto my back . 
 quinn watches us prepare . 
 `` is there anything i should be doing ? '' 
 he asks . 
 gavin shakes his head . 
 `` nope . 
 the boat is anchored , so you wo n't go anywhere . 
 we 'll be back up shortly . '' 
 quinn nods and gavin grabs my hand and we jump over the side without hesitation . 
 it is instantly calm beneath the water . 
 it is exactly why i love to dive . 
 nothing can reach us here in the quiet underwater world . 
 no troubles , no stress , no worry . 
 my flippers slide through the water with ease , propelling me downward . 
 my hands cut through the crystal blue water and gavin is right beside me . 
 i glance upward and i can still see the outline of the boat above . 
 it looks like a giant whale from here . 
 i turn my attention back to the water below me . 
 i can just see the moss-covered tip of a mast of a sunken galleon when a strange sensation ripples through my body . 
 i stop moving and the sensation grows . 
 it 's a rumbling vibration , a weird shaking . 
 it 's literally rolling through my body , like i 'm sitting in a car with the bass turned up too loud . 
 i look at gavin , my eyes wide . 
 he is frozen too , floating in place in the water . 
 our eyes meet . 
 and then we notice that the sandy sediment on the sea floor is rolling toward us in murky billows . 
 what the eff ? 
 the water continues to vibrate and shake around us and the moment that i think the word shake , it occurs to me . 
 earthquake . 
 chapter five gavin realizes it at the same moment that i do and we both spin and propel ourselves upwards . 
 holyeffingearthquake . 
 i burst from the surface of the water and grip the side of the boat and i can still feel the rumbling in the sea . 
 in order for us to feel it all the way out here , the earthquake must be enormous . 
 we have n't had a big one in years and years , way before my lifetime . 
 gavin pulls himself over the side and then reaches over to give me a hand . 
 i land on the floor of the boat in a clumsy heap and instantly start pulling off my stuff . 
 my flippers , wetsuit and oxygen tank land in a pile . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 quinn asks . 
 he can see the anxiety on our faces and i 'm sure he can see the vibrating water . 
 `` earthquake , '' gavin tells him . 
 gav is n't even undressing , he 's turning the boat toward shore in his flippers , guiding the boat with capable hands . 
 quinn looks startled and he stands up to look out at the horizon . 
 but the rough water knocks him back down . 
 he sprawls in a seat and stares at me in shock . 
 my heart thumps in my chest . 
 this is n't good . 
 and from the look on gavin 's face , the dead-serious expression that he never , ever gets , he knows it too . 
 we 're right in the middle of a serious situation , maybe even dire . 
 i gulp . 
 as we race toward the shore , jumping hard over waves , my teeth jar every time we land . 
 we hit the water so hard that i ca n't believe the belly of the boat does n't splinter into pieces . 
 i grit my teeth and hold on . 
 quinn is silent now and i almost wonder what he 's thinking , but then i 'm distracted by trying to hold on to the things that keep trying to fly out of the boat , like life preservers , bags , flippers and so on . 
 i 've never seen the current or waves so bad . 
 we fly into the bay and the way the boats are rolling on the waves as they sit in their slips is unnerving . 
 they are haunting and spooky as they move with the sea . 
 one of them has flipped onto its side and i know that it will sink . 
 water is flooding its deck . 
 debris is floating in the water ; oars and cushions and cups and pieces of wood , and i am almost too afraid to look onto the shore . 
 but i do . 
 and i gasp . 
 the harbor master 's building is in rubble , in an absolute shambles . 
 and the complete seriousness of this hits us . 
 `` holy shit , '' gavin breathes . 
 he reaches over and grabs my hand as he noses us into his slip . 
 `` we 've got to move . '' 
 `` but where should we go ? '' 
 i ask as we scramble from the boat and onto dry land . 
 the ground is not moving , but after a moment , i feel a short rumble . 
 aftershocks . 
 they vibrate my feet and i gulp . 
 even the air feels scary , like a premonition or foreboding . 
 or something . 
 i try to ignore it . 
 `` i do n't know , '' gavin admits . 
 he climbs up beside me , then releases my hand to help quinn from the swaying boat . 
 `` somewhere other than here . '' 
 `` we should stay together , '' quinn points out calmly . 
 he 's right . 
 and i say so . 
 there 's no one else in the harbor , something that i find strange . 
 although , looking back , i realize that there was n't really anyone here when we left . 
 everyone else was smart enough to not venture into the waves . 
 gavin 's cell phone rings and we look at each other , startled . 
 in the heat of the moment , we had forgotten that we had phones . 
 he picks it up and i can see the relief on his face as he talks to his mom . 
 after a few moments , he hangs up and looks at me . 
 `` my parents are fine . 
 but the earthquake was bad . 
 roads are blocked . 
 my parents say to go to the old palace and wait there . '' 
 i gulp . 
 with shaking fingers , i pull out my phone . 
 i try my house and there is no answer . 
 i try again , and this time , i get a weird busy signal . 
 this ca n't be good . 
 `` gavin , i 've got to go to my house , '' i tell him . 
 he looks uncertain . 
 `` but my parents said we should wait at the old palace . 
 i 'm sure yours would want you to do the same thing . 
 your father is probably there . '' 
 the old palace is the capitol building of caberra . 
 it houses the courts , various government agencies and the prime minister 's residence and it is where our fathers work . 
 it is located in the heart of valese and it is in the exact opposite direction of my house from here . 
 quinn steps forward . 
 `` surely we can drive past mia 's house on the way to the old palace , '' he says . 
 `` it 's only a little out of the way , right ? '' 
 i am grateful for this . 
 i am shaken and scared and it 's nice to have someone back me up . 
 although , i 'm fairly certain that gavin would have taken me anyway . 
 he nods reluctantly now . 
 `` okay . 
 if the roads are passable . 
 we have to watch for downed power lines , though . 
 we do n't want to get electrocuted . '' 
 i gulp again . 
 i have the feeling this is going to be a national disaster . 
 as we walk to gavin 's car , a large black land rover , i try to call my house again . 
 i get the weird busy signal again . 
 a heavy feeling settles in my stomach . 
 something is n't right at my house . 
 i know it right now . 
 we drive in silence and from the passenger seat , i stare at the carnage from my window . 
 houses are in rubble everywhere . 
 beautiful ancient buildings and shiny modern ones too . 
 this ca n't be happening . 
 but it is . 
 sirens wail and the entire scene seems to pass by in slow motion . 
 i know it is because i 'm in shock . 
 and anyone would be in shock . 
 gavin seems to be , too . 
 quinn is quiet in the backseat and we watch people walking aimlessly . 
 everyone seems astounded . 
 people are dirty , their clothing torn . 
 our home country is a wreck . 
 `` it 's probably a good thing we were on the water , '' gavin says quietly . 
 `` we were n't in a building somewhere . '' 
 and then it hits me . 
 my parents do n't know where i am . 
 i 'm supposed to be in my room , but i left . 
 i left without telling them . 
 my heart lodges in my throat and the guilt is unbearable . 
 we are able to drive through the carnage and reach my house . 
 but when we get to the electric gates , they wo n't open when i punch in the code . 
 and i realize that there must not be any power . 
 `` can you give me a boost ? '' 
 i ask quinn . 
 he looks surprised . 
 `` you want to climb over that ? '' 
 he eyes the tall brick wall . 
 `` how will you get back over ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i 'll figure out how to push the gate open . '' 
 `` i 'm coming with you , '' he says firmly , as he cups his hands for me to step into . 
 i 'm surprised , because he does n't know me or owe me anything . 
 but i do n't say anything . 
 i step into his hands and he vaults me over the wall . 
 he quickly follows me , and gavin after him . 
 the three of us make our way up my long driveway and i ca n't believe my eyes . 
 my house is in rubble . 
 trees are down everywhere on the property and it truly looks like a warzone . 
 this . 
 ca n't . 
 be . 
 happening . 
 everything is still and silent . 
 and then there is another rumbling aftershock and i ca n't help but gasp . 
 the sound is noisy in the silence . 
 this is freaking insane . 
 my crumbled house is like an eerie ghost town . 
 `` it 's going to be fine , '' quinn tells me quietly . 
 his presence is calming . 
 i had n't noticed that before , but it is true . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 `` how can you promise that ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 `` you do n't know . '' 
 `` i do know . '' 
 he nods confidently . 
 but i do n't feel so confident . 
 everything is spookily calm and quiet . 
 i do n't see my mom or even the servants , which is odd . 
 it 's only been half an hour since the quake . 
 this causes a heavy feeling to lodge in my throat . 
 where are they ? 
 i push through the rubble of my front door and find that everything is knocked down in my house . 
 the walls , the ceiling , the doors . 
 wires are hanging haphazardly , chandeliers look hauntingly gaunt and skeletal as they hang limply in the air . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 i call out . 
 my voice seems small in this silent chaos . 
 `` adrianna ? '' 
 gavin yells . 
 no answer . 
 i plow forward , pushing broken and jagged things out of my way . 
 quinn grabs my arm . 
 `` be careful , '' he warns me . 
 `` there could be exposed wires . '' 
 i gulp . 
 then continue on . 
 my mom would have looked for me in this mess . 
 she would n't have left , because she would think that i was under the rubble in my room . 
 because my room is where i 'm supposed to be . 
 my heart is heavy as i head down what is left of the hallway leading to my room . 
 there is no noise here but for the crackle and pop of debris . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 i call again , but my voice does n't contain any hope . 
 because if my mother is here , she is unable to answer and i do n't want to speculate on why that might be . 
 `` mia , '' gavin says uncertainly as the building rumbles and moans around us . 
 `` we should n't be here . 
 this is n't safe . '' 
 even as he speaks , a piece of the hallway wall tumbles in front of us and quinn yanks me out of the way . 
 `` let 's go , '' gavin urges me . 
 his eyes are anxious . 
 `` just a minute , '' i insist . 
 `` i just have to look inside of my room . 
 that 's where she would have gone . '' 
 `` you have one minute , '' gavin says firmly . 
 i nod and he stays right on my heels . 
 quinn still has my elbow . 
 and everything is a blur . 
 i 'm numb as i creep into the wreckage that used to house all of my most precious and personal things . 
 everything is in a mess now , all broken and torn and dirty . 
 my bed is nonexistent . 
 my clothing is scattered on the floor . 
 i ca n't even fathom how strong this earthquake must have been to have done this much damage . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 i call again . 
 i climb over bricks that used to be walls and stumble on what is left of my bed . 
 i pull myself up onto my hands and knees and peer over what seems to be a mountain of wreckage . 
 and then the earth quakes again . 
 it rumbles , low and loud , and i hear several pops and cracks from beneath me . 
 i do n't know if it is a strong aftershock or another earthquake , but i hear gavin yell and feel someone yank my arm right before there is a sharp pain in my temple and my vision explodes into a bright white light . 
 and then there is nothing at all . 
 chapter six something is annoying me . 
 this is my first thought because it takes me a moment to place what it is . 
 something is moving . 
 it 's disturbing me , waking me . 
 and then i realize that it 's my own finger . 
 it 's moving on its own accord , twitching against the side of my leg . 
 i try to open my eyes , but my eyelids feel heavy and tired , like they have been glued closed . 
 i try again and then again , and finally , finally , they open . 
 slowly . 
 and the light hurts my eyes . 
 i ca n't focus . 
 everything looks like blurry shapes and fuzzy outlines and i blink , trying to clear things up . 
 it does n't help . 
 i blink again and it is so incredibly , frustratingly hard . 
 my eyes do n't want to cooperate . 
 after a few minutes , i finally bring things into a slightly clearer focus , but it 's not perfect . 
 but it 's enough to see a figure sitting in a chair by the window . 
 it 's a woman . 
 her head is bowed and i think she is asleep . 
 i have no idea where i am . 
 `` mia ! '' 
 she was n't asleep . 
 the figure jumps to her feet and lunges to my side . 
 her face is anxious , frantic , hopeful . 
 i stare at her in confusion . 
 because i do n't know her . 
 and then i realize something else . 
 i do n't know me . 
 alarm slams into me , causing me to panic . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i ask her wildly . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 this ca n't be happening because i do n't know who i am . 
 my heart is speeding , pulsing , threatening to burst . 
 holyhell . 
 holyhell . 
 holyhell . 
 i grab her hand and look into her eyes . 
 they are green and startled and instantly concerned . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i beg her . 
 a tear drops from the corner of her eye . 
 `` i 'm your mother , '' she answers uncertainly and she reaches for the call button . 
 she presses it , but then runs for the door , calling for a nurse . 
 and then she stops at a sofa on the way back to my bed , and she shakes someone 's shoulder . 
 and i realize that someone is lying there . 
 a man . 
 and i did n't even see him before . 
 i wipe at my eyes and realize that they are covered in goop . 
 i wipe at them again and my vision clears a little . 
 the man approaches me with my mother , the mother that i do n't remember and do n't know , and he looks concerned . 
 he 's tall and dark and has silver at his temples . 
 and i do n't know him , either . 
 `` mia , '' he begins . 
 `` do you know who you are ? 
 do you remember what happened ? '' 
 i 'm panicky again . 
 it feels like butterflies are banging their wings against my ribcage , trying to get out . 
 i do n't blame them . 
 i want to get out too . 
 `` no , '' i answer uncertainly . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 `` i 'm your father , '' the strange man answers calmly . 
 but he is interrupted by a nurse who comes through the door . 
 when she sees that i am awake , she approaches me quickly , checking my pulse and looking into my eyes . 
 she wipes the rest of the goop away and now i can see . 
 my mother is crying and telling the nurse that i do n't know her . 
 and the nurse looks at me . 
 `` do you know who you are ? '' 
 she asks gently . 
 i shake my head and my mother cries harder . 
 `` do you remember anything that happened ? '' 
 the nurse asks . 
 i shake my head again . 
 `` it 's alright , '' she tells me and she pats my hand . 
 `` everything will be alright . '' 
 will it ? 
 because my parents are standing next to me and i do n't seem to remember them . 
 and i do n't remember me , either . 
 and i do n't see how in the world that can be alright . 
 i 'm getting very , very panicky . 
 a doctor comes in a few minutes later . 
 he pokes and prods at me , too , in all the same places as the nurse . 
 he looks into my eyes and listens to my heart and nods . 
 `` i hear that you do n't remember very much , '' he tells me . 
 i nod . 
 `` do n't worry , '' he tells me . 
 `` you 've suffered a head injury . 
 your brain was swollen and you were placed in a medically induced coma to protect you . 
 we reduced your medication yesterday and you woke up on your own accord today . 
 physically , you are fine , so do not worry about that . '' 
 `` why ca n't i remember anything ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 the doctor 's eyes are kind . 
 `` because you 've had a trauma , '' he tells me . 
 `` as the swelling continues to decrease , your memory may come back . 
 as time passes , it may come back that way too . 
 memory loss as a result of brain trauma is a tricky thing . 
 but you are surrounded by people who love you and i have confidence that you will be fine . '' 
 i swallow hard and my throat is sore . 
 the doctor notices me wincing . 
 `` you had a breathing tube , '' he tells me . 
 `` you might notice some tracheal tenderness for a day or two . '' 
 tracheal tenderness . 
 that sounds so medical . 
 i am still for a moment . 
 my memory is a strange thing . 
 as i think , i can remember bits and pieces of things . 
 i see a car . 
 a red convertible . 
 i think it 's mine , but it might not be . 
 i see a boat . 
 i see underwater murkiness . 
 but there is nothing else . 
 i look at my mother . 
 `` i 'm sorry that i do n't remember you , '' i tell her politely . 
 she cries . 
 `` adrianna , '' my father says sternly . 
 `` mia does n't need this right now . '' 
 he pats her back awkwardly and i note that . 
 my father is n't great with affection , apparently . 
 `` you need to be strong . '' 
 she nods , but she 's still crying . 
 `` what is my full name ? '' 
 i ask my father . 
 he looks slightly pained . 
 `` mia alexandria giannis , '' he tells me . 
 the name does n't mean anything to me . 
 nothing at all . 
 it does n't feel like me . 
 but then again , i do n't know me . 
 `` your middle name is after my mother , '' he adds . 
 `` your grandmother . 
 you are very much like her . 
 very strong-willed and independent . '' 
 strong willed ? 
 i wonder about this . 
 i do n't feel strong willed right this moment . 
 i feel confused and tired . 
 and weak . 
 i do n't like the feeling . 
 `` you should rest , '' my father tells me . 
 and i realize that i do n't even know his name . 
 so i ask and he looks pained again . 
 `` it 's stanyos , '' he tells me . 
 `` stanyos alexander giannis . '' 
 `` after your mother ? '' 
 i guess . 
 he smiles and nods . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he 's satisfied with me for some reason . 
 i 've done something right , but i do n't know what . 
 maybe he 's just proud of me that i woke up . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i ask . 
 because i realize that i have no idea what happened to put me into this condition . 
 `` there was an earthquake , '' my mother pipes up . 
 her eyes are red from crying . 
 `` you were grounded . 
 and you sneaked away to go scuba diving . 
 but that 's a good thing . 
 if you 'd been in your room like you were supposed to be when the quake happened , you might have been killed . 
 for once , your rebelliousness was a good thing . '' 
 she sounds a little bitter and my father gives her a hard look . 
 `` adrianna . '' 
 she lowers her eyes and i know that i 'm missing something . 
 but i 'm too tired to worry about it . 
 `` so i like to scuba dive ? '' 
 my father smiles again . 
 `` it 's your favorite thing in the world . '' 
 that makes sense . 
 i only have a handful of memories that i can recall and they involve the water . 
 i tell them that . 
 my father smiles , my mother does not . 
 she seems very upset about something that i do n't understand . 
 but again , i 'm too tired to make sense of it now . 
 i tell them this , that i am so very tired . 
 and they tell me to get some sleep , that they are n't going anywhere . 
 so i close my eyes . 
 but when you are a in a place that you do n't know , with strangers watching your every move and when , in fact , you do n't even know who you are ... it is very hard to sleep . 
 but i 'm going to give it the old college try . 
 and then i realize that i have no idea where that saying came from . 
 somewhere from the back recesses of my mind , probably . 
 i can tell already that this getting my memory back thing is going to be a long process . 
 sigh . 
 chapter seven days pass in a blur of strange faces and visitors . 
 apparently , all of my friends from school come to see me , all of the ones who were n't also injured in the earthquake . 
 and i do n't recognize any of them . 
 the strange thing is that i know what everything around me is . 
 i know the television , the bed , the bathroom , my slippers . 
 i recognize how those things work . 
 it 's like my memory has holes in it . 
 i remember some things but everything else just dropped out of existence , like i never knew it at all . 
 it 's frustrating . 
 also , apparently , i like red jello . 
 it 's pretty much all i want to eat right now . 
 the meat on my tray makes me want to gag . 
 my mother sighs . 
 `` mia , you 're not a vegetarian . 
 you 've never been a vegetarian . 
 just eat your food , alright ? 
 you need the strength and you 're not going to get it from jello alone . '' 
 i stare at her . 
 `` maybe i should have been a vegetarian , '' i announce , laying my spoon down and putting the cover back over my tray . 
 i do n't even want to look at the greenish tinted hospital chicken . 
 -lrb- who in their right mind would eat that ?? -rrb- 
 `` and maybe i 'll become one now . '' 
 `` mia , '' my mother sighs again . 
 `` what has gotten into you today ? 
 you 're not normally like this ... so obstinate . '' 
 i stare at her again . 
 i 'm not ? 
 so , i do n't usually have opinions ? 
 i must have been a very boring person . 
 i 'm prevented from responding by another visitor . 
 `` mia 's being obstinate ? 
 how out of character , '' a dark-haired guy says wryly . 
 he steps into the room and i wrack my brain . 
 i was introduced to him a few days ago . 
 gavin . 
 his name is gavin . 
 and we were-are - good friends . 
 apparently . 
 `` hi gavin , '' i tell him . 
 i smile politely . 
 it 's hard to pretend to be good friends with someone that i do n't remember . 
 they all tell me that they understand , but there 's no way that they can . 
 i just hope that i do n't accidentally hurt someone 's feelings by forgetting them . 
 `` hey , '' gavin tells me . 
 he pulls up a chair next to me and i examine him . 
 dark hair , dark brown eyes , mischievous smile . 
 crisp white button-down shirt , open at the top , fancy blue jeans , flip-flops . 
 he 's gorgeous . 
 my tummy gets a little fluttery when he picks up my hand as if he knows me . 
 then i remember , he does know me . 
 i just do n't know him . 
 `` how do you feel today ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` are you driving the nurses crazy ? '' 
 `` no , she is not , '' my mother says firmly , even though clearly the question was meant for me . 
 `` she 's being polite and courteous , as she should be . '' 
 gavin looks at me . 
 there is confusion and a bit of amusement in his dark eyes , but he quickly masks it . 
 he 's good at this , at smoothing things over . 
 i make a note of that . 
 `` how are you feeling ? '' 
 he asks again . 
 he 's still holding my hand and his fingers are warm . 
 i like it . 
 i may not know him , but i like his hand . 
 `` have they let you outdoors yet for a walk ? '' 
 `` not yet , '' i tell him . 
 `` i feel good enough though . '' 
 `` then you shall go , '' he tells me valiantly . 
 he picks up the call button and a moment later a nurse appears . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 she asks pleasantly . 
 gavin smiles at her , with a knee-weakening grin . 
 `` miss giannis would love to go for a walk in the sunshine , '' he says . 
 `` would that be possible ? 
 i 'll walk with her . '' 
 my gaze meets his and his eyes are sparkling . 
 it 's no wonder he and i were good friends . 
 he 's very likeable . 
 the nurse smiles at him . 
 no one is impervious to his charms , apparently . 
 `` she has already been cleared for a walk outside , '' the nurse tells him . 
 `` she just has n't wanted to go . '' 
 gavin turns to me . 
 `` no ? 
 put your clothes on , mia . 
 we 're going outside . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 `` i sort of do n't want to . '' 
 `` and why not ? '' 
 he looks at me . 
 `` because you 'd rather lay in here and feel sorry for yourself ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 yes . 
 gavin raises an eyebrow . 
 `` no ? 
 that 's not what i 've been told . '' 
 i look to my mother and she appears guilty . 
 `` you 've been talking about me ? '' 
 i ask softly . 
 this actually hurts . 
 i 've been trying really hard this week-to do what everyone has asked of me . 
 and she 's been talking about me ? 
 `` no . 
 yes . 
 i mean , i have , but only because i 'm concerned about you , '' she stammers . 
 `` gavin has always been able to cheer you up , so i called him . '' 
 i stare at her , but gavin interrupts . 
 `` i 'm going to go outside for a minute , so get your clothes on . 
 we 're getting some fresh air . '' 
 `` have you always been this bossy ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 he grins . 
 `` why , yes . 
 yes , i have . 
 and you like it . '' 
 he saunters out , not worried in the slightest that i might actually be agitated with him . 
 my mother follows him out and i feel my temper bubbling just beneath the surface . 
 but i tamp it down . 
 i 'm sure they 're just concerned . 
 right ? 
 whatever . 
 i swing my legs over the side of the bed and sit for a second . 
 obviously , i 've been out of bed here in the room to shower and use the bathroom and whatnot . 
 but the idea of going outside , out into the hospital and into the world and the sunshine , has made me terrified . 
 i do n't want to admit that to anyone because i feel silly . 
 but it 's the truth . 
 i do n't know if it 's the accident , or if i 've always been that way . 
 who 's to say ? 
 certainly not me . 
 i ca n't remember anything . 
 i pull on some clothing . 
 a khaki skirt and a cream-colored blouse . 
 a pair of tan ballet flats . 
 these clothes feel foreign . 
 i ca n't believe i would choose clothing so bland . 
 and so ... beige . 
 but apparently , i did . 
 apparently , i was a bland person . 
 and i use the word apparently a lot . 
 i pull a brush through my hair and stare in the mirror . 
 dark brown hair , green eyes . 
 i 'm sort of small . 
 not small in a weird , misshapen way , but small , nonetheless . 
 i guess i 'm pretty , although i look a bit pale from being indoors . 
 i probably should get some sun . 
 some vitamin d therapy might improve my attitude , too . 
 for some reason , i feel so agitated . 
 my mother tells me that it 's very unusual for me , that i 'm usually a very cheerful person , but that a certain level of agitation is normal given the circumstances . 
 i do n't know about that . 
 but then , i do n't know about anything right now . 
 and i 'm back to that again . 
 sigh . 
 i poke my head out into the hall and find my mother and gavin talking to each other against the wall . 
 i fight back the feeling of annoyance that rises in me , the bad taste that is in my mouth . 
 what the eff ? 
 if he 's my friend , why is he in cahoots with my mother ? 
 and where the heck did i get a word like cahoots ? 
 ca n't my friend talk to my mother ? 
 i 'm clearly a lunatic . 
 i wonder if i was before this accident , too , or if it 's a new thing . 
 i 'm shaking my head when they notice me . 
 gavin smiles . 
 `` are you ready ? '' 
 his smile is a thousand-watt light-bulb and i relax . 
 i 'm being hypersensitive , i 'm sure . 
 that 's probably normal , given the circumstances . 
 gavin holds his arm out and they both smile at me . 
 and once again , i am uneasy , but do n't know why . 
 `` i 'm ready , '' i confirm , as i slip my arms around his forearm . 
 my mother falls back into my room as gavin and i make our way down the hall and out of the hospital . 
 the sun hits me squarely in the face and i blink my eyes . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 gavin asks quietly . 
 he has apparently noticed that my feet are now frozen to the ground and i am refusing to move from this spot . 
 `` yeah , '' i mumble . 
 `` i just feel intimidated by coming out here . 
 i do n't know why . 
 it makes me feel sort of panicky . '' 
 i 'm such a baby . 
 i look around , at the shrubbery in the hospital courtyard , at the benches filled with visitors and patients , at the flowers , the grass , at the wide open blue sky above us . 
 and all i can do is to try and still my racing heart . 
 i do n't know why i 'm so anxious about this place . 
 it 's irrational . 
 `` you know , '' gavin says quietly as he leads me around the path . 
 `` we were here last year . 
 our friend dante had a car accident . 
 and when we came here , we were n't sure exactly what we were going to find . 
 we knew he was alive and they told us that he was okay , but we did n't really believe it until we saw it for ourselves . 
 maybe that 's it . 
 maybe you have some suppressed memories deep down about that time . 
 it was pretty emotional . 
 it was one of the only times i 've seen you cry . '' 
 i look at him . 
 the sun is shining onto his face , illuminating his already bright smile . 
 he 's a gorgeous guy , that much is true . 
 strong , good-looking and self-assured . 
 that 's a good recipe for destruction . 
 `` i do n't cry ? '' 
 i ask hesitantly . 
 that does n't seem right . 
 because right now , i feel like a blubbering mess on the inside . 
 gavin shakes his head . 
 `` not usually . 
 you 're pretty bad-ass . '' 
 i have to smile at that . 
 `` bad ass ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` yup . 
 totally bad-ass . '' 
 `` tell me why you say that , '' i instruct him . 
 we continue walking around the pretty landscaped sidewalk as gavin tells me escapades of my youth , beginning from the time we were in primary school . 
 he speaks smoothly and calmly as we walk around patients who are walking slower than we are . 
 `` and then there was the time that you got the assistant principal at school fired - when we were only in fourth grade . 
 you thought he discriminated against you because he was a pacifist and your father was the minister of defense . '' 
 `` did he discriminate against me ? '' 
 i ask , with my eyebrow raised . 
 gavin nods . 
 `` it sure seemed like it . '' 
 `` so , i 'm ballsy . '' 
 gavin laughs . 
 `` yes , you 're ballsy . '' 
 `` why are you and i such good friends ? 
 have we always been ? 
 have we ever dated ? '' 
 gavin stares at me . 
 `` you truly do n't remember anything , do you ? '' 
 he asks softly . 
 there is sympathy in his eyes and i hate that . 
 i 'm not asking for sympathy . 
 i 'm just trying to learn more about myself . 
 `` do n't feel sorry for me , gav , `` i tell him . 
 `` i do n't need sympathy . '' 
 he stares at me again . 
 `` you just called me gav , '' he points out quietly . 
 `` i have n't told you that you used to do that . '' 
 i am instantly still . 
 holy crap . 
 he 's right . 
 `` i do n't know where that came from , '' i admit . 
 `` it just came out . 
 it felt natural . '' 
 `` it 's your memory , '' gavin decides confidently . 
 `` subconsciously , in there somewhere , you know me . '' 
 he grins . 
 `` because seriously , dude , how could you truly forget me ? '' 
 he is cocky and arrogant and pleasingly so . 
 i smile back . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it 's like i got hit on the head or something . 
 oh , wait . 
 i did . '' 
 he laughs and i laugh and it suddenly seems normal to hang out with him . 
 relaxed . 
 friendly . 
 normal . 
 i 'm digging it . 
 so i tell him that . 
 he looks surprised . 
 `` did you doubt that you would ? '' 
 he is cocky again . 
 `` your favorite time of the day is always gavin time . '' 
 `` gavin time ? '' 
 i repeat doubtfully . 
 `` are you always this sure of yourself ? '' 
 i ask , one eyebrow cocked . 
 he laughs . 
 he tightens his grip on my elbow and i enjoy the feeling of his warm fingers on my skin . 
 `` always , '' he says , leaning in toward me like he 's confiding something . 
 `` it 's one of the things you love about me . '' 
 `` so i love things about you , then ? '' 
 i ask , laughing . 
 gavin smiles . 
 `` of course you do . 
 everyone does . '' 
 he winks and laughs and i laugh again . 
 `` have we ever had sex ? '' 
 i ask . 
 gavin 's head snaps back and he stares at me again , his eyes sparkling and appraising . 
 `` not yet , '' he says . 
 `` would you like to ? '' 
 he nudges me and laughs , but now i 'm on a mission to find out things about myself that my mother probably would n't know , so i ignore his charming grin . 
 `` am i a virgin ? '' 
 i ask hesitantly . 
 `` do you know ? '' 
 he stares at me yet again , but this time he actually seems uncomfortable . 
 if it was possible to squirm while standing in an upright position , he 'd totally be doing it . 
 it makes me uneasy . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` am i a slut ? '' 
 he rolls his eyes . 
 `` no . 
 you 're not a slut . 
 far from it . 
 but you 're not a virgin , either . '' 
 `` but we have n't had sex ? '' 
 i ask again . 
 he winks . 
 `` not yet . '' 
 `` do i have a boyfriend ? '' 
 i ask uncertainly . 
 because if i do , i certainly do n't remember it . 
 gavin looks unsettled and ignores my question . 
 `` you know , '' he muses . 
 `` i could have totally played this whole situation to my advantage . 
 let 's start over again . 
 ask me again if you are a virgin . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` am i a virgin ? '' 
 he shakes his head solemnly . 
 `` no . 
 you 're not . 
 you and i have wild , passionate jungle sex about four times a day . 
 you love it . 
 and we should probably take it back up again . 
 i think it would help your recovery process to get back into your normal routine . '' 
 i roll my eyes and giggle , ignoring the disapproving look of an elderly lady with a walker . 
 `` only four times a day ? '' 
 i ask innocently . 
 `` are we slackers , then ? '' 
 `` oh , do n't tempt me , '' gavin answers . 
 `` we can increase the rate . 
 i 'm up for anything . 
 anytime , anywhere . 
 that 's practically my motto . 
 always ready . 
 i should get that tattooed somewhere . 
 maybe on my ass . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` seriously . 
 do i have a boyfriend ? 
 besides you , i mean , '' i amend quickly . 
 he smiles . 
 `` no . 
 you do n't . 
 not anymore . '' 
 he looks rattled now , like he wishes he would n't have added that last part . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` not anymore ? 
 who was i with ? 
 we broke up ? '' 
 gavin is definitely uncomfortable now . 
 he looks away and puts a lot of effort into steering me around a slower walker . 
 i stop in the middle of the path and put my hands on my hips . 
 `` gavin , seriously . 
 just tell me . 
 my mom does n't seem to want to talk about any of this stuff . '' 
 and i had tried several times over the course of the past week . 
 she just changed the subject and told me that i was an honor student and was a joy as a daughter , etc , etc. . 
 she laid it on so thick that i 'm actually a little suspicious of all of it . 
 gavin sighs . 
 `` you did have a boyfriend , of sorts . 
 you told me that you were n't in love with him , that you were in lust with him . 
 he took your virginity and used you to get information . 
 and then he tried to kill our best friends and the prime minister of caberra . '' 
 chapter eight `` holy shit , '' i breathe , staring at gavin . 
 `` you are n't joking . '' 
 gavin shakes his head , his normally cheerful demeanor suddenly very serious . 
 `` i wish i were , '' he answers . 
 `` but i 'm not . 
 vincent dranias was your boyfriend . 
 you trusted him . 
 and he screwed you over . 
 he 's in jail now . '' 
 `` jail ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 my eyes are watery and i 'm annoyed by that . 
 apparently , i 'm not supposed to cry . 
 i 'm a bad ass . 
 i wipe at my eyes impatiently . 
 `` jail , '' gavin confirms . 
 `` he 's eighteen , so he is being tried as an adult . 
 the whole thing is n't over ... these court cases usually go on forever . 
 but he 's in jail for the duration and i can guess that he will be there forever . 
 you ca n't try to assassinate the prime minister and not pay the consequences . '' 
 `` and i brought that guy into our lives ? 
 so it was my fault ? '' 
 i am horrified at this notion , even though i do n't remember dante or his father or our lives right now . 
 gavin shakes his head . 
 `` no . 
 you did n't bring him into our lives . 
 another one of our friends , nate gerraris , did . 
 his father used to be dante 's father 's deputy prime minister . 
 it was all a plot by nate to try and get his father promoted to dimitri 's job . 
 you were collateral damage . 
 they used you to get close to dante . '' 
 he stares at me . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i 'm not sure . 
 `` does dante hate me ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 i do n't remember dante , but i certainly do n't want one of my good friends to hate me . 
 and my freaking emotions are going to be the death of me today . 
 only a lunatic would be paranoid that a friend that she ca n't even remember hates her . 
 i 'm not in love with myself right now . 
 that much is true . 
 gavin grabs my arm and guides me to a bench nearby . 
 `` of course he does n't hate you , '' he says firmly as we sit . 
 the wood is hard beneath my thighs , but i welcome it . 
 it 's a nice distraction from the confused mess that my brain has become . 
 `` i know you do n't remember him right now . 
 or me , either , '' gavin continues . 
 `` but i know that you will . 
 one of these days . 
 and until then , just take my word for it when i say that we are your real friends . 
 we have been friends since we were toddlers . 
 no one understands us like we understand each other . 
 dante would never be mad at you for getting taken advantage of . 
 he was more pissed than anyone that you were used . '' 
 gavin is fierce now and it seems out of his character . 
 i tug on his arm to get his attention . 
 `` calm down , '' i tell him . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i believe you . '' 
 his face relaxes and he smiles down at me . 
 `` sorry , '' he says . 
 `` i get worked up sometimes . '' 
 `` i can see that , '' i answer . 
 `` but that 's good . 
 it means you 're passionate . '' 
 `` oh , baby , you have no idea , '' he replies , cocky once again . 
 i pick up his hand and study it , noting his smooth fingers . 
 he does n't do manual labor , that much is apparent . 
 `` you do n't stay serious for long , do you ? '' 
 i ask , glancing back up at his face . 
 his eyes are serious now , even though he grins . 
 `` what is the point in that ? '' 
 he answers . 
 `` there is enough serious shit in the world . 
 i do n't need to be a party to it . 
 we see it around us all of the time . 
 there is no need to take ourselves seriously , too . '' 
 and in this moment , i see something in gavin that i wonder if i ever saw before , pre-head-injury . 
 he 's not as cocky or as happy-go-lucky on the inside as he pretends to be . 
 he wants to be , but he is n't . 
 so he chooses to act like it instead . 
 interesting . 
 `` do we have hard lives ? '' 
 i ask , instead of pointing out my new revelation . 
 gavin laughs . 
 `` seriously ? 
 our fathers are both in the parliamentary cabinet of the prime minister . 
 we want for nothing . '' 
 `` that 's not what i asked , '' i point out . 
 `` our lives ... are they hard ? '' 
 gavin stares at me for just a moment before he shrugs , then looks away . 
 `` it is n't always easy . 
 but we make it work . 
 we 've been brought up this way and it is what we know . '' 
 his answer is very telling , as is the very diplomatic way he delivers it . 
 we 're the children of politicians . 
 it 's ca n't be fun but gavin is so stoic about it , so matter of fact . 
 it 's impressive . 
 so i tell him that . 
 he shakes his head and helps me to my feet . 
 `` it 's not impressive , '' he tells me . 
 `` it 's just the way it is , mi . 
 you 're the same way . 
 well , you used to be . 
 although , you 're more of a rebel than i am . '' 
 `` so , i 'm a bad ass rebel now ? '' 
 i tease . 
 he nods . 
 `` you always have been . 
 your latest thing was hilarious . '' 
 we step back into the hospital and immediately i breathe in the sterile air , which makes me want to gag . 
 `` my latest thing ? '' 
 i repeat as gavin punches at the elevator button . 
 he nods . 
 `` yep . 
 you were into wearing black all the time and dying your hair crazy colors . 
 you even had your nose pierced-right before your accident . 
 it was driving your mom insane . '' 
 i subconsciously pull at a tendril of my dark hair . 
 `` my hair is n't dyed now and i do n't have a nose ring . '' 
 `` i know , '' gavin answers as he puts a hand on the door to make sure it stays open while everyone steps on . 
 `` when i came to visit you for the first time after the accident , your hair color had been changed and the stud in your nose had been taken out . 
 you were n't even awake yet . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 so that meant that my parents had dyed my hair while i was still in a coma ? 
 what the eff ? 
 changing my hair color was a priority for them while the state of my health was still in the air ? 
 gavin sees my expression and shrugs . 
 `` political family , '' he reminds me . 
 i think it 's possible that i 'm going to hate my new life . 
 and my old life . 
 as we get off on my floor , gavin turns to me . 
 `` mia , everything is what we make it . 
 you hated all of the pressure placed on you by your father 's job . 
 you railed against it all of the time - but that only put more stress on you than necessary . 
 the hole in your nose has grown closed because it was such a new piercing . 
 it 's like it never happened . 
 so , why not use that to your advantage ? 
 if you just go with the flow like i do , everything is so much easier . 
 you do n't need stress right now . 
 you need to relax so that your brain can recover from your injury . 
 seriously . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 `` are you telling me to fall into the whole rank and file thing and do what everyone tells me ? '' 
 he grimaces . 
 `` it sounds bad when you put it that way . '' 
 he pulls me to the side , out of the way of the scurrying nurses and orderlies . 
 `` all i 'm saying is ... relax and go with the flow . 
 i want you to get better and your doctor says that you need to relax to do it . 
 my phone number is in your phone . 
 call me whenever you need to . '' 
 my phone . 
 i had forgotten that i had one . 
 and my mother certainly had n't given it to me over the course of the last week . 
 i wonder if it was destroyed in the earthquake ? 
 but instead of saying anything , i just nod . 
 `` okay . 
 thank you , gavin . 
 i feel more normal today than i have since i woke up and i know that it is because of you . 
 thank you . '' 
 gavin smiles beatifically and my knees momentarily weaken . 
 he truly is gorgeous . 
 he leans forward and kisses my cheek . 
 `` anything for you , mi , '' he says . 
 `` seriously . '' 
 and then he 's gone . 
 i 'm standing in the middle of the hall by myself , watching his cocky back retreat to the elevators . 
 yes , even his back is cocky . 
 and strong . 
 i gulp . 
 he turns before he gets on the elevator and grins one last time . 
 i gulp again before i smile back . 
 after the elevator doors swallow him up , i truly do feel alone . 
 he knew me . 
 the real me . 
 not the me that my mother is trying to make me believe that i am . 
 suddenly , all i want is for him to come back , to sit by my bed and hold my hand and make everything okay . 
 but that 's impossible , because everything is n't okay . 
 so with a sigh , i return to my room and find my mother doing a crossword puzzle in her chair . 
 when i enter , she smiles . 
 `` how was your walk , sweetheart ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` are you tired now ? 
 would you like to lie down ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no , i feel good . 
 the fresh air was nice and it was good to talk with gavin . 
 mom , do you have my phone ? '' 
 she freezes for a second and i do n't know why . 
 but then she relaxes . 
 `` of course , sweetie . 
 i 've kept it in my purse . 
 i did n't know if you 'd be up to looking at your old pictures or whatnot . '' 
 she 's acting strange , but i put it out of my mind . 
 who am i to say if she 's acting strange ? 
 i do n't remember her prior to this week . 
 she hands me my phone . 
 it 's in a hot pink case with a black and white skull on the back . 
 the skull has a pink bow on its head . 
 that makes me smile . 
 i power it on , but then am startled by a password screen . 
 i do n't remember the password , because i do n't remember anything . 
 i look at my mom and she 's already shaking her head . 
 `` i do n't know it , sweetheart . 
 you were always very protective of it . 
 you 're a pretty private person . '' 
 eff . 
 i am utterly dejected . 
 until i remember something . 
 gavin knows everything about me . 
 maybe he would know this . 
 so i ask my mother for his number and i use her phone to call him . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 he answers . 
 `` gav , '' i reply . 
 `` do you know the password to my cell phone ? '' 
 there is a pause . 
 `` not for sure , '' he finally says . 
 `` but you usually use your birthdate for everything . 
 i think it 's your debit card pin number and your combination to your locker at school . 
 so you might want to try that . '' 
 `` great , '' i mutter . 
 `` that would be helpful if i knew my birthday . '' 
 i sigh and gavin chuckles . 
 `` it 's may 17th , so try 1705 , '' he tells me . 
 `` and you 're seventeen years old . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` i already knew that part . '' 
 because they 'd already told me . 
 `` how much do you actually know about me ? '' 
 i ask him . 
 i ca n't help but smile . 
 it really does feel good to know that at least someone remembers important things about my life . 
 he laughs . 
 `` i pretty much know everything , '' he confirms . 
 `` and if i do n't know it , then reece does . '' 
 reece . 
 the best friend that i ca n't remember . 
 i sigh again , trying to place her face in my head , but failing . 
 i thank gavin and hang up , picking up my phone once again . 
 i punch in my birthday and gavin was right . 
 it opens right up . 
 a picture of me and a blonde girl stares back at me from my screensaver . 
 her slender arm is wrapped around my shoulders . 
 my hair is two shades darker than it is right now and there are bright pink stripes threaded through it . 
 the blonde girl is gorgeous with white blonde high-lights and sparkling blue eyes . 
 we 're both holding up the `` rock on '' signal with our hands and grinning into the camera . 
 i do n't know who took the picture and in fact , i do n't remember taking the picture at all . 
 because this is the story of my life now . 
 i 'm perpetually clueless . 
 i turn the phone towards my mom . 
 `` is this reece ? '' 
 my mother almost flinches before she nods . 
 `` you do n't like reece ? '' 
 i ask curiously . 
 my mother shakes her head . 
 `` it 's not that . 
 reece is a charming girl . 
 i just do n't think that she understands what it 's like to be you . 
 i worry about the influence she has on you . 
 you should be around kids who understand . '' 
 i am confused . 
 `` kids who understand what ? '' 
 `` kids who understand what it is like to be you , '' she says firmly but still vaguely . 
 `` an important member of caberran society . '' 
 my mom sure does think a lot of herself and our family . 
 important members of society ? 
 i sigh . 
 `` so it 's not okay to have friends that are n't from here ? '' 
 my mother practically grits her teeth . 
 `` that 's not what i said , mia . 
 i just said that i prefer it when you hang around with kids who understand you . 
 like dante or gavin . '' 
 `` dante 's not here , '' i remind her . 
 `` are you saying that you only want me to hang around with gavin ? '' 
 it 's my mother 's turn to sigh . 
 `` no . 
 stop putting words in my mouth . 
 i 'd like it if you hung around with elena kontou , also , but you do n't seem to want to . 
 i do n't know why . 
 she 's a lovely girl who knows what it 's like to be a girl in your position . 
 plus , you really should mend fences with her . '' 
 i stare at her . 
 `` mend fences ? '' 
 `` vincent dranias , that boy who you snuck around with and dated , is the reason her face was scarred . 
 you 've never apologized for that . '' 
 i suck in a breath . 
 `` gavin told me that it was n't my fault . 
 that vincent completely deceived me . 
 why then , would i need to apologize ? 
 i 'm honestly asking-because i do n't remember anything . 
 and was she badly hurt in that explosion ? '' 
 my mother pats my hand . 
 `` no , it was n't your fault . 
 but elena seems to think that you brought that boy into everyone 's lives . 
 you really should take the time to explain that you did n't . 
 that you were deceived along with everyone else . 
 and no , she was n't seriously injured , but her cheek was scarred . 
 and she is a beautiful girl . 
 she 's taking it hard . 
 in fact , i believe she 's here in the hospital right now . 
 she 's undergoing a series of surgeries to repair the scar . '' 
 i am quiet . 
 `` i would like to talk to her and to apologize for any hand that i had in the whole mess . 
 but the problem is , i do n't remember any of it . 
 how can i apologize for something that i do n't remember ? '' 
 my mom offers me a little smile . 
 a tight , tight smile . 
 `` i do n't know , mia , '' she sighs . 
 `` but maybe you should try talking to her and just see what happens . 
 we can get her room number from the nurse . '' 
 i nod and she leaves the room , presumably to talk with the nurse . 
 i continue looking through my phone . 
 i have hundreds of pictures . 
 reece and i are in many of them . 
 we 're on a boat , we 're by the beach , we 're in a bedroom . 
 in one , we 're dressed in green matching shirts , presumably from work . 
 gavin told me that i work for dante 's father . 
 it looks like we are great friends . 
 there are pictures of gavin . 
 there are pictures of gavin and i together . 
 and there are pictures of us with another boy . 
 a really , really handsome blonde boy who has to be dante . 
 dante giliberti . 
 i look at the handsome face smiling at me from my phone and i wonder how i could possibly not remember him . 
 he 's movie star handsome . 
 i should remember him . 
 but i do n't . 
 i scroll through the other faces in the pictures and i do n't remember any of them , either . 
 charming reece ellis . 
 cocky gavin ariastasis . 
 gorgeous dante giliberti . 
 i should know them . 
 i should have their faces memorized . 
 but i do n't . 
 and it is oh-so-frustrating . 
 i am practically growling when my mom returns . 
 `` room 402 , '' she tells me . 
 `` elena 's on the fourth floor . 
 she 's here only for today and then she 'll be gone . 
 so you should go see her now while you have the chance . '' 
 i am hesitant , but my mom is insistent . 
 `` mia , '' she says patiently . 
 `` you have known elena since you were children . 
 you should n't let a misunderstanding like this ruin things . 
 just go and speak with her . 
 i 'm sure you 'll be pleasantly surprised . '' 
 i am still unsure , but i go anyway . 
 how can i not ? 
 i have to make sense out of my life somehow . 
 i should begin by piecing it back together . 
 i creep out into the hall and take a big mouthful of the medicinal hospital smell . 
 it smells like iodine and alcohol and plastic . 
 i hate it . 
 but i timidly make my way through the bustling corridors and sterile halls until i find myself standing in front of room 402 . 
 i stand there for a few minutes , trying to get my courage up . 
 you can do this . 
 you can do this . 
 you can effing do this . 
 my hand shakes and i silently cuss myself out . 
 listen , you . 
 i do n't know who you used to be . 
 but i know that you are not such a wuss . 
 you are a badass . 
 buck the eff up . 
 i knock lightly and there is no answer . 
 i knock harder . 
 `` come in , '' an annoyed voice calls . 
 i swallow hard and stick my shoulders back . 
 i do n't know who i used to be , but i do n't like feeling intimidated by anyone now . 
 my chin juts out and i push the door open . 
 a beautiful girl lies in the bed , covered up to her waist by blankets . 
 she 's got hair the deepest shade of red that flows in soft waves over her shoulders . 
 her eyes are emerald green and narrowed as she looks at me . 
 and there is a bandage on her cheekbone , marring what would otherwise be a perfect face . 
 she 's breathtakingly beautiful . 
 and she looks like she hates me . 
 i gulp . 
 `` elena ? '' 
 i ask , although i 'm sure it is . 
 who else could it be ? 
 `` yes , '' she answers coolly in a voice that borders on hatred . 
 `` were you expecting someone else ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no . 
 i just wanted to sure . '' 
 elena smiles a frigid smile that reminds me slightly of a piranha . 
 i do n't know why because her smile is gorgeous and perfect . 
 and cold . 
 just like the rest of her . 
 `` ah , yes . 
 i forgot . 
 you ca n't remember anything . '' 
 she does n't look disturbed by that at all . 
 she seems ambivalent , actually . 
 even though she has n't invited me , i walk inside and sit in the chair next to her bed . 
 she has fashion magazines everywhere , so i move them to clear a space . 
 `` my mother told me that you and i have a misunderstanding and that i should clear it up , '' i tell her . 
 `` but i do n't remember anything . 
 so it 's hard to know what to say . '' 
 elena studies me with interest . 
 `` you truly do n't remember anything at all ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` not a thing ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` not much at all . 
 i remember my car . 
 and i do n't know why . 
 i remember scuba diving . 
 but i do n't remember my friends . 
 i do n't remember my parents and i do n't remember myself . '' 
 `` so you do n't remember me ? '' 
 elena asks , her lovely head cocked . 
 i shake my head again . 
 `` you do n't remember growing up with me ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't . '' 
 and she laughs . 
 i am startled by this and stare . 
 it definitely was n't the reaction that i was expecting . 
 she muffles her giggles and then stares back . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she says . 
 `` it 's not funny . 
 it 's ironic . '' 
 `` how is it ironic ? '' 
 i ask suspiciously . 
 i do n't know what to make of this girl . 
 elena giggles again . 
 i 'm not sure if she 's laughing at me or with me or what . 
 `` you 've always worked so hard to portray an image ... the image of a girl who does n't care about who she is . 
 and here you are now ... you do n't remember any of it . 
 you truly do n't know who you are . 
 do n't you find that funny at all ? '' 
 and suddenly , i kind of do . 
 i laugh with her . 
 `` if i remembered it , it would be funnier , '' i finally tell her . 
 `` but i do n't . 
 i saw pictures-of my hair and my clothes . 
 i guess i was trying hard to prove a point . '' 
 elena nods . 
 `` you definitely were trying to make a point . '' 
 i look at her and try not to look at her bandage . 
 but it 's hard . 
 it might as well have a sign on it that says look at me . 
 my eyes keep gravitating toward it . 
 i force them back to hers . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i tell her . 
 `` for whatever part i played in the accident . 
 i 'm told that i did n't know what was going on , that i was tricked along with everyone else . 
 but if there were signs that i should have seen and did n't , i 'm really sorry about that . '' 
 elena 's nose tilts up and i wonder if this is the moment that she 's going to let me have it . 
 she 's got a certain bitchy air about her ... she 's definitely a girl who knows what she wants and how to get it . 
 she does n't mess around . 
 i may have amnesia , but even i can see that . 
 and she is silent for a long , long moment . 
 i think she 's trying to make up her mind . 
 `` i was pissed at you , '' she finally admits to me . 
 and she sounds surprisingly candid . 
 `` but i was pissed at everyone , to be honest . 
 i know that it was n't you who did this to me . 
 it was nate geraris and vincent dranias . 
 it 's just difficult to be mad at people who are n't here . 
 i seem to need something - or someone - that i can focus my aggression on . '' 
 `` you might want to take up target shooting instead , '' i tell her wryly . 
 she laughs . 
 `` i do n't think anyone wants to see a gun in my hand , '' she admits . 
 she seems more honest than i was expecting . 
 although i do n't know why i had any expectations at all . 
 i do n't remember her . 
 ohmygod . 
 i 'm so tired of that phrase . 
 i do n't remember . 
 i get it already . 
 i 'm clueless about everything . 
 `` were we friends ? '' 
 i ask curiously . 
 `` my mother said that we did n't hang out much , but that she did n't know why . 
 but i 'm guessing that my mother did n't know everything there was to know about me , either . '' 
 elena stares at me silently . 
 she 's examining me , picking me apart . 
 but why ? 
 `` no , we were n't very good friends , '' she tells me finally . 
 `` i do n't know why . 
 i guess i 'm not always a nice person . 
 and you never tolerated any crap . 
 that intimidated me . '' 
 i 'm an intimidating bad ass ? 
 i 'm not sure that i like me very much . 
 `` so you were the mean girl and i was the bad ass ? '' 
 i guess . 
 she smiles slowly . 
 `` i suppose so . '' 
 `` my mother thinks that i should try to be friends with you , '' i tell her bluntly . 
 `` because you understand what it 's like to be me-a child of a political family . 
 do you want to be friends ? '' 
 elena stares at me in surprise . 
 i can tell that she does n't know what to say . 
 she was n't expecting this from me . 
 but i was n't expecting any of this from her , either , so i guess we 're even . 
 `` well , you 're certainly not any less blunt , '' she observes . 
 `` you 've always said exactly what was on your mind . 
 okay , mia . 
 we can try to be friends . 
 it should be interesting . '' 
 `` yes , '' i answer quietly . 
 `` it should be interesting . '' 
 we chat for a little while longer and it seems uncomfortable , but it gets easier toward the end . 
 i finally make my way toward the door and close it behind me . 
 i exhale a long breath and lean against it . 
 why do i feel like i just made a deal with the devil ? 
 that 's ridiculous . 
 right ? 
 elena might have red hair , but she 's not the devil . 
 i spend the rest of the walk to my own room trying to convince myself of that . 
 chapter nine i press my face against the glass of my mother 's car . 
 i leave a nose print , but i do n't care . 
 the hills of caberra speed past us as my mom winds through the curvy roads toward giliberti house . 
 apparently , our house is uninhabitable and will have to be re-built in order for us to return home . 
 until then , my mother and i will be staying at dimitri giliberti 's family home , giliberti house . 
 it is located in a huge estate surrounded by olive groves outside of valese . 
 also apparently , i 've been there a million times before because that is where i work ... in their gift shop . 
 i sell gourmet olive oils and whatnot . 
 and i say ` whatnot ' because i have no idea what else i sell there . 
 sigh . 
 `` we 're almost there , '' my mom says . 
 i know she 's assuming that my sigh was a result of being in the car . 
 `` you 'll see the olive groves soon . '' 
 and i do . 
 we round one more curve and i see hundreds of olive trees , their lush green tops touching the sky . 
 the olives look like pebbles on the branches . 
 `` your father will come out on the weekends , '' my mother tells me . 
 `` he 's going to stay in the city during the week for work reasons . 
 he 's worried about you , though . 
 he 's hoping that the peace and quiet out here will help you relax and recover more quickly . '' 
 him and me both . 
 i 'm sick of this whole ca n't - remember-who-i-am-thing . 
 i nod wordlessly , taking in the scenery as my mother turns into a long , long drive . 
 flowering trees line each side and white blossoms drift through the air , padding the stone lane beneath us with a thick blanket of petals . 
 it looks like a painting . 
 i take a whiff of the sweet-smelling air . 
 `` it 's gorgeous here , right ? '' 
 my mother asks , lifting an eyebrow . 
 `` yes , '' i agree . 
 `` it is . '' 
 she pulls into a circular drive and we get out of the car . 
 the house is amazingly beautiful , like something out of a fancy fairytale . 
 warm light floods from the windows onto the manicured lawn around it . 
 it draws me to it and makes me want to run into the house . 
 a tiny little woman comes out , stooped and elderly . 
 but she moves quickly . 
 she is down the stairs before i can even speak . 
 her hair is pulled into a neat chignon at the nape of her neck . 
 `` mia ! '' 
 she cries out and barrels into me , grasping me up into a surprisingly strong bear hug . 
 she smells like cookies . 
 and maybe sunshine . 
 i look at her blankly , wish-wish-wishing that i could place her . 
 because she clearly knows me . 
 she looks at me sympathetically . 
 `` i 'm sorry , sweet girl , '' she tells me , taking a step backward . 
 `` i forgot that you do n't remember me . 
 my name is marionette papou . 
 i run this household for the gilibertis . 
 you know me very well , little one . 
 i 've known you since you were in pigtails . 
 but you will remember . 
 i have faith in that . '' 
 she is confident . 
 i like that . 
 she turns and greets my mother and then her husband , darius , introduces himself to me before he gets our bags . 
 they both move surprisingly quickly for being older . 
 and i am surprised again when marionette tells me that darius is the foreman for the olive groves . 
 they have both worked here for decades , apparently , and they have no intentions of slowing down anytime soon . 
 they lead us into the massive house and i immediately feel welcomed , like i am home . 
 the house is immaculately furnished , but it is cozy even as it is magnificent and enormous . 
 it is the kind of place where families live and thrive . 
 i feel instantly at ease . 
 marionette smiles . 
 `` i have a treat for you , '' she tells me with a grin . 
 `` your favorite . '' 
 i have no idea what my favorite is , but i follow her anyway . 
 i 'm trusting that way , i guess . 
 as darius takes our bags upstairs to our rooms , marionette leads us to the kitchen . 
 wonderful smells surround us and i inhale deeply . 
 she hands me a saucer and shoves me into a chair . 
 `` your favorite , '' she tells me again as i look at the little fancy plate . 
 there is a forest green g inscribed on the china rim . 
 a flaky croissant drizzled in butter instantly makes my mouth water . 
 `` i make them from scratch , '' she adds proudly . 
 i take a bite and instantly am in love with marionette . 
 i tell her that and she laughs . 
 `` oh , you fell in love with me long ago , little one , '' she grins , before she pats my arm and glides away to wipe off a cabinet . 
 `` i 'm french . 
 everyone loves me . '' 
 i do n't know what that has to do with anything , but it makes me smile anyway . 
 i consider that as i look around . 
 this kitchen reminds me of a giant farm kitchen , but is filled with every modern convenience . 
 it 's comfortable in here . 
 i could stay in here forever . 
 my mother , however , must feel differently . 
 `` mia , i 'm going to go unpack , '' she tells me . 
 `` if you need me , marionette will show you to my room . '' 
 i nod and watch her walk away . 
 she does n't seem very happy to be here . 
 but then again , she does n't seem all that happy to be anywhere . 
 i wonder why . 
 and then i wonder if i ever knew why . 
 marionette watches me . 
 `` your mother worries about you , '' she says quietly . 
 `` i know you do n't believe that , but it is true . '' 
 i am startled . 
 `` i do n't believe that ? '' 
 i ask curiously . 
 `` do my mom and i have issues ? '' 
 it 's marionette 's turn to look startled , like a cat who swallowed a canary . 
 `` uh . 
 not necessarily , '' she says slowly . 
 `` just typical teenager and mother things . 
 nothing big . '' 
 but she turns and focuses very hard on cleaning the already spotless stone counters . 
 i narrow my eyes suspiciously , but i do n't say anything . 
 clearly , she does n't want to say anything else . 
 `` is it alright if i go for a walk outside ? '' 
 i ask her politely . 
 she turns and smiles . 
 `` little girl , you do n't have to ask permission . 
 this is your home , for as long as you need it to be . 
 feel free to walk anywhere you would like to walk . '' 
 i smile and impulsively turn and hug her . 
 she 's the warmest person that i 've met so far . 
 she seems surprised , but she hugs me back tightly . 
 her tiny arms are surprisingly strong . 
 `` it 's good to have you here , '' she tells me and i swear that her faded eyes are wet . 
 but she turns away again before i can tell for sure . 
 i make my way outside through the back terrace doors . 
 i look around and sigh contentedly . 
 if there was ever a nirvana , this is it . 
 giliberti house is like an oasis in the middle of the country . 
 rolling hills surround us , swaying trees encircle us and the smell of fresh flowers assails my senses . 
 it 's an enchanting place . 
 and then i hear it . 
 whistling . 
 a song with no words and no real melody . 
 i perk my ears and try to find where it is coming from . 
 i walk past the back gardens and over the shady lane leading down to what looks to be a set of barns . 
 and then i see him . 
 sweet . 
 mother . 
 of mary . 
 a muscular guy with sandy blonde hair is shirtless and there are so many muscles rippling that i ca n't even count them all . 
 he is working with a gigantic horse and he is whistling . 
 and i am panting . 
 holy crap . 
 do i know this guy ?? 
 i am frozen as i watch his biceps flex and move . 
 he looks to be about my age . 
 he 's got broad shoulders , slim h * ps and he 's really tall . 
 he 's wearing cowboy boots . 
 cowboy boots . 
 who is he ?? 
 my curiosity is firmly piqued , so i decide to just find out . 
 i approach him and after a second , he notices me and stops what he is doing . 
 and then he grins a grin so devastating , i think it might stop my heart . 
 no . 
 lie . 
 `` mia ! '' 
 he calls . 
 holy crap . 
 i do know him . 
 or he knows me , anyway . 
 i watch as he grabs a cowboy hat that is hanging on a fence post and slaps it on his head as he hops over the fence to the paddock . 
 he reaches me in literally five long strides and then crunches me in a bear hug . 
 i want to die right here , i think . 
 in the safety of his strong arms . 
 i will stay here for the next sixty years and die a happy woman . 
 but obviously , after a second , he steps away and i fight the urge to cling to him . 
 he feels so safe and warm . 
 and clearly i am craving security . 
 i might want to see a therapist about that . 
 `` you look great ! '' 
 he tells me with a grin . 
 `` your stripes are gone , though . '' 
 i automatically run my fingers through my hair . 
 `` i know . 
 i do n't ... i do n't remember them . '' 
 hot guy looks pensive . 
 `` i bet you do n't remember me , either , do you ? '' 
 he asks softly . 
 i am hesitant , because i really , really wish that i did . 
 but i do n't . 
 so i shake my head . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i tell him . 
 `` maybe soon . 
 they keep telling me that my memories should come back soon . 
 i 'm starting to hate that word , actually . 
 soon . 
 it 's so vague . '' 
 hot guy holds his hand out . 
 `` my name is quinn mckeyen , '' he tells me as he shakes my hand formally . 
 `` i 'm living here at giliberti house for the school year . 
 i 'm in the foreign exchange student program . 
 i 'm from kansas - which is the state in america where your friend reece is from . 
 do you remember reece ? '' 
 i shake my head again . 
 `` i do n't remember anything at all , '' i admit . 
 he actually smiles . 
 `` i 'm going to have to think of some way to use that to my advantage , '' he says with a wink . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` do n't even try it , '' i laugh . 
 `` gavin already tried , but unfortunately for him , he did n't think about it fast enough . 
 he told me about the state of my love life before-hand . 
 that was a little counter-productive . '' 
 quinn laughs again . 
 and i decide that i might not know him , but i freaking love his laugh . 
 and his american accent . 
 `` are you a cowboy ? '' 
 i ask him , eyeing the way that sweat is rolling off his abdomen . 
 i fight the urge to lick it . 
 gross . 
 lick sweat ? 
 what is wrong with me ? 
 am i a freak ? 
 he smiles . 
 `` yes , i guess you could say that . 
 i like to ride things . 
 does that make you nervous ? '' 
 i stare him blankly . 
 `` nervous ? 
 why would i be ... oh . '' 
 his meaning hits me like a truck and i blush . 
 `` i get it . 
 you like to ride things . '' 
 i smile , even though i 'm pretty sure my mom would kill me for engaging in this conversation . 
 but what she does n't know wo n't hurt her , right ? 
 `` and , no , '' i add . 
 `` i 'm not nervous . 
 i can handle anything . '' 
 `` but you do n't even know who you are , '' quinn reminds me with another grin . 
 `` so how can you handle anything ? '' 
 i love the fact that he does n't p ** sy-foot around me . 
 everyone else has been and it has grown so annoying . 
 i do n't need to be handled with kid gloves . 
 i 'm not going to break . 
 `` true , '' i concede . 
 `` what all do you ride , beside women and horses ? '' 
 quinn 's dark eyes sparkle . 
 and i find myself transfixed by that . 
 his eyes are such a dark brown , like a rich gourmet chocolate . 
 i 'm mesmerized by them . 
 `` i ride four-wheelers , horses , bulls , you name it . 
 but i have n't seen any bulls in caberra yet , so i 've settled for titan . 
 dante bought him for reece when they were still here . 
 she told me that i can mess with him . '' 
 he gestures toward the enormous devil of a horse behind him . 
 i eye the beast cautiously . 
 `` titan looks a little dangerous , '' i point out . 
 quinn only grins . 
 he 's so relaxed in his worn-out jeans and boots . 
 he 's like the epitome of country charm . 
 i gulp . 
 `` oh , i sort of like a little danger from time to time , '' he tells me . 
 `` it keeps things interesting . '' 
 `` oh , really ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` it 's all fun and games until you wind up in the hospital . '' 
 quinn laughs . 
 `` i 'm very good at handling danger , so do n't worry . 
 everything will be fine . '' 
 `` will it ? '' 
 i ask and quinn nods . 
 `` yes . '' 
 and i do n't even know what we 're talking about anymore . 
 i 've been distracted by his handsome good looks and his charm and all of the sexual innuendoes that have been flying around . 
 `` do you want a ride ? '' 
 quinn asks . 
 i 'm startled because i 've been staring so hard into his eyes that i was n't expecting him to speak . 
 `` on titan ? '' 
 i stutter . 
 he laughs . 
 `` unless you have a better idea , '' he says with one brow raised . 
 he patiently waits for my answer while i die of embarrassment . 
 i can literally feel the heat splashing across my cheeks . 
 `` uh , no . 
 i do n't have a better idea , '' i stammer . 
 i do n't know where my wits have all gone . 
 they seem to be missing in action . 
 i curse them silently and order them to come back . 
 they silently laugh at me and then run for the hills . 
 i have rogue wits . 
 quinn 's damned eyes continue to sparkle . 
 `` well , that 's a pity . 
 if you think of something , let me know . 
 until then , yes , i was speaking of the horse . '' 
 `` i do n't know how to ride , '' i tell him . 
 `` at least , i do n't think i do . 
 do i ? '' 
 quinn shakes his head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 you and i just met awhile back . 
 horses are n't all that common here in caberra , though . 
 so i doubt it . 
 but i heard that you 'll be staying here for a while . 
 maybe i could teach you . 
 we could work out a trade . 
 you teach me to swim , i 'll teach you to ride . '' 
 i stare at him hesitantly . 
 `` i do n't know if i remember how to swim . 
 but if i do , i 'll be happy to teach you . '' 
 quinn throws his head back and laughs . 
 `` mia , you are a constant surprise . 
 i never know what to think with you . 
 i like it . 
 okay , it 's a deal . 
 if you remember how to swim , you can teach me . 
 and i 'll teach you to ride regardless . 
 deal ? '' 
 i nod immediately , because the image of me sitting in front of him on that horse , leaned back against his strong chest between his legs , is enough to give me heart palpations . 
 for real . 
 `` deal , '' i agree . 
 `` now , how about i lead you around for a bit on titan . 
 i 'll have a hold of his head the whole time so there is nothing to be afraid of , '' quinn tells me . 
 my chin automatically juts out on its own accord . 
 `` i 'm not afraid of anything , '' i announce . 
 and then i 'm startled by that . 
 i 'm not ? 
 those words came out on their own . 
 i did n't even think about them . 
 it was old mia talking . 
 maybe i like her , after all . 
 quinn appraises me and there is appreciation in his eyes . 
 `` come on , then , '' he tells me , holding his large hand out . 
 i take it and he leads me into the paddock . 
 he holds his hand out to titan , who huffs a big breath out of his gigantic flared nostrils before he steps closer to quinn . 
 quinn snaps a lead rope into the ring on the halter and i fight the urge to run . 
 what was i thinking , agreeing to this ? 
 titan is enormous . 
 and he 's looking at me with the wild eyes of a demon as he stomps the dirt with his huge demon hoof . 
 ohmygod . 
 i 'm an idiot . 
 this horse is a freaking demon . 
 quinn looks at my face and laughs . 
 `` come on , miss i 'm - not-scared . 
 it 's alright . '' 
 he makes a cup out of his hands and motions for me to use it . 
 i wedge my foot between his fingers and he boosts me up . 
 i swing my other leg around and before i know it , i 'm situated on top of the demon . 
 holyhell . 
 i 'm an idiot with amnesia who is sitting on a demon . 
 a very tall demon . 
 i gulp . 
 `` calm down , '' quinn tells me as he glances up at me . 
 `` horses can sense fear . 
 there 's nothing to be afraid of . 
 i 've got you . '' 
 he pats my leg before he walks to titan 's head . 
 and i can feel the imprint of where his hand was on my thigh . 
 i swallow . 
 he has a very sexy hand . 
 both hands , actually . 
 `` you know , in america , horses are sometimes used for therapy , '' quinn tells me conversationally , as he leads titan out of the coral . 
 i am panicky as we leave the confines of the fence . 
 a fence means safety . 
 and since i am outside of that fence , i am no longer safe . 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` are you saying that i need therapy now ? '' 
 i ask , only half joking . 
 i clench my thighs around titan 's bare , broad back . 
 i so do n't want to fall off . 
 there 's no way that quinn could catch me in time and i 'd break my neck . 
 i fight the urge to leap off and run for the house . 
 quinn glances back up at me . 
 `` oh , you 've probably always needed it , '' he tells me . 
 `` i 've never met anyone who tried so hard to be someone that she 's not . '' 
 that definitely gives me pause . 
 it 's almost the same exact thing that elena said . 
 `` i 'm kidding , '' he chuckles as he sees my expression . 
 `` you did try hard to portray a certain image . 
 but i 'm sure you did n't need therapy . 
 just a reality check . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 `` a reality check ? 
 how well did you know me , anyway ? '' 
 quinn shakes his head and wipes a little sweat from his brow . 
 he 's got a strong jawline . 
 i love that . 
 i fight to focus on his words , not his face . 
 it 's a difficult feat to master . 
 `` not that well . 
 but you were fairly easy to read . 
 not so much now , though . '' 
 that pacifies me a little . 
 sort of . 
 `` why not now ? '' 
 i ask slowly . 
 quinn looks at me uncertainly . 
 `` because it 's hard to read someone who does n't know who she is . '' 
 `` who do you think i am ? '' 
 i am practically whispering now . 
 i suddenly feel very , very tired . 
 i 'm physically tired , i 'm mentally tired and losing my identity is just a bit exhausting . 
 quinn stops and turns to me , taking a step and then another , until he is pressed against my leg and staring into my eyes . 
 `` i think you 're a sweet little bird who has always tried to break out of her cage because you really had no idea what life is like outside of your world . 
 and now you 're a sweet little bird who does n't know what to think . 
 all of your masks are gone and now you are forced to be yourself . 
 it must be scary for you . '' 
 he does n't sound sympathetic , just matter-of-fact . 
 and i have to respect that . 
 i nod . 
 `` i 'm not a bird , '' i tell him . 
 `` but you 're right about one thing . 
 i do n't have anything to hide behind now , that 's for sure . '' 
 `` why would you want to hide at all ? '' 
 quinn asks , still staring into my eyes . 
 `` that 's the part i could never figure out . 
 you do n't have anything to hide from . 
 you can take life by the tail if you want to . 
 it 's yours for the taking . '' 
 `` what 's mine for the taking ? '' 
 i ask , momentarily confused by his nearness . 
 he smiles . 
 `` anything you want . '' 
 i suck in my breath . 
 and he inhales deeply . 
 and then the moment is broken by my mother 's shrill screaming . 
 `` mia alexandria giannis . 
 get off of that animal ! 
 you 're going to break your neck ! '' 
 i turn and find her rushing out of giliberti house toward us and quinn grins at me . 
 `` i take it back . 
 you might want to hide from that . '' 
 i smile back as warmth floods through me . 
 he lifts me down and i enjoy the feeling of my body pressed against his , even though it only lasts for a second . 
 his heart beats against mine . 
 ba-bump . 
 ba-bump . 
 he glances down at me and his eyes are like melted chocolate . 
 and i want to eat him up . 
 eat him up ? 
 yep . 
 with a freaking spoon . 
 i 'm insane . 
 but he makes me feel so good . 
 that 's a fact that i come to realize as i turn away from him to meet my mother . 
 quinn walks away to take titan back to the stables and i miss him immediately . 
 just like i missed gavin in the hospital yesterday . 
 they both make me feel good in two different ways . 
 i sigh . 
 because i know that i 'm in trouble . 
 i do n't even know who i am , but i just woke up from a coma and i find that i want two separate boys for two separate reasons . 
 that can never be good . 
 at least i know that much . 
 chapter ten dinner at giliberti house is interesting . 
 marionnette , darius and quinn eat in the kitchen , because that 's the way they 've been doing it . 
 quinn apparently did n't want to eat in the formal dining room alone and the papous would never eat in there because they do n't consider that proper behavior . 
 they are staff , after all . 
 even though they seem more like family . 
 but my mother refuses to eat in the kitchen . 
 `` mia , '' she sighs . 
 `` the wife and daughter of stanyos giannis can not eat in the kitchen . 
 it just is n't seemly . '' 
 so , we eat in the formal dining room . 
 alone . 
 and it feels so stuffy and unnatural . 
 and i hate it . 
 as i stare down the long table at my mother , i hate it even more . 
 i have to practically yell so that she can hear me . 
 that 's how big this table is . 
 i want to join the others in the kitchen , where it is warm and cozy and because quinn is there . 
 but that 's not going to happen . 
 my mother told me as much . 
 right after she threatened my life if i ever got on a horse again . 
 and told me that i need to stay away from quinn . 
 which of course , for some reason , had the immediate and opposite effect . 
 i want to be near him more than ever . 
 apparently , i 'm rebellious . 
 so , i do what any rebellious girl would probably do . 
 i eat in sullen silence . 
 i drink my soup from the spoon , i eat three croissants -lrb- because they really are my favorites -rrb- and i have a giant piece of pie . 
 my mother looks at me in disapproval . 
 `` mia , you 're not going to be seventeen forever . 
 you might want to start watching what you eat . 
 you do n't want to gain weight . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 i 've got plenty of other things to worry about besides my weight . 
 i 'm skinny for now and that 's all that matters . 
 i 'll worry about my weight when i 'm thirty . 
 `` how long is the construction on our house going to take ? '' 
 i yell down to my mom . 
 she cringes from the volume of my voice . 
 i 'm guessing that it is n't seemly . 
 but how else is she supposed to hear me ? 
 this table is five miles long . 
 and i 'm seriously starting to hate the word seemly . 
 she shrugs . 
 `` they say it will take three months or so . 
 and kolettis academy will be closed for the next two to four weeks for construction , as well . 
 i just heard today . 
 they will add that time onto the end of the year . 
 so do n't worry . 
 you 'll graduate on time . '' 
 i nod . 
 i 'm happy about being out of school for a month . 
 hopefully that will give my memory time to come back . 
 i 'll focus on that . 
 `` my doctor said that i should do things that are familiar to me , '' i remind her . 
 `` he said that it will help my memory . 
 i think i 'll see if gavin wants to go scuba diving tomorrow . '' 
 my mother looks pained , but she nods . 
 i 'm betting that she would much rather have me spend time with gavin , even if we 're doing something she hates , rather than spend time with quinn . 
 i do n't know why and i do n't really care . 
 i guess that 's old mia 's spunk talking . 
 i 'm sort of digging that chick now and i wish i could remember more about her . 
 `` also , marionette told me that dante and reece are returning to caberra for a while to help with clean-up from the earthquake , '' my mother tells me . 
 `` the downtown area was particularly damaged . 
 it might do you good to help , as well . '' 
 `` dante and reece are coming ? '' 
 i ask , surprised . 
 `` when ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 marionette probably does , though . 
 you can ask her . '' 
 i 'm excited by this . 
 dante and reece used to be familiar to me . 
 if i talk with them , it might help . 
 this is a good thing . 
 i immediately pick up my dinner plate and head to the kitchen , ignoring my mother 's protests . 
 she does n't follow . 
 too unseemly , i guess , to follow your daughter into a kitchen . 
 i almost laugh , but do n't . 
 my mother 's self-imposed rules are sort of funny . 
 and sort of pathetic . 
 marionette , darius and quinn look surprised to see me , but quinn quickly jumps up and pulls a chair out for me . 
 his polite behavior makes my pulse speed up . 
 but i try to calm it down . 
 he 's only exhibiting manners . 
 geez . 
 i 'm sure he 'd do it for anyone . 
 i sit down and immediately turn to marionette , asking her about dante and reece . 
 her face is genuinely happy when she answers . 
 `` they 'll be here soon , '' she tells me . 
 `` i think they 're arriving tomorrow . 
 and they are very excited to see you . '' 
 quinn does n't look quite as happy , but i 'm guessing that has something to do with the fact that he and reece have a complicated relationship or so i 'm told . 
 apparently , they took turns having a crush on each other for the last ten years or so . 
 but they never timed it right and so they never ended up together . 
 quinn dated reece 's friend becca for the last couple of years , although now they 're broken up . 
 but now reece is with dante , so the timing still is n't right . 
 i wonder if quinn is regretful of that ? 
 he does n't seem to be , though , as he takes a bite of soup . 
 i ca n't help but notice how big his hands are . 
 he 's absolutely gigantic . 
 `` so , how much trouble did you get into for riding titan ? '' 
 he asks , grinning . 
 he is n't apologetic at all . 
 i like it . 
 `` not much , '' i answer . 
 `` just a lecture . 
 apparently , i 'm supposed to stay away from you , too . 
 but you can see how well that lecture took . '' 
 marionette mutters under her breath and i can see that she does n't approve of my mother . 
 that 's okay . 
 i 'm not sure that i do , either . 
 quinn 's eyes sparkle . 
 `` am i a bad influence ? '' 
 he asks with interest . 
 `` i think i might like that . 
 i 've never been the bad boy before . 
 it might be fun . '' 
 `` you 've never been the bad boy ? '' 
 i ask doubtfully . 
 my eyebrows are raised . 
 quinn shakes his head . 
 `` nope . 
 i 'm a midwesterner , remember ? 
 oh , i guess you do n't . 
 well , i 'm from the heartland of america where we 're polite and friendly and never know a stranger . 
 yes , m ` am . 
 no , m ` am and all that . 
 although i am considering a tattoo . 
 i 'm guessing your mom would n't approve of that , either . '' 
 he 's smiling now , totally unrepentant and unconcerned . 
 my pulse speeds up yet again . 
 it seems to do that a lot around him . 
 `` a tattoo ? 
 gavin said that he 's going to get one that says , `` always ready . '' 
 quinn rolls his eyes good-naturedly . 
 `` he would . 
 i have n't decided yet what i want . 
 maybe you can help me . '' 
 i raise my eyebrow again . 
 `` me ? 
 i do n't know you well enough to know what you should get . '' 
 quinn winks . 
 `` well , maybe that 's part of my diabolical plan . 
 you 'll have to get to know me . '' 
 `` devious , '' i grin . 
 `` i like it . 
 well , it might backfire on you . 
 maybe i 'll get a matching tattoo and then you 'll be tied to me for life . '' 
 `` needy , '' he observes . 
 `` i like it . '' 
 we laugh and marionette and darius laugh , too . 
 i really like them . 
 and i like this kitchen . 
 and i have decided that i 'm going to eat in here from now on . 
 my mother can suck it . 
 if she does n't want to join us , she can eat out there alone . 
 she can keep up her seemly appearances all on her own . 
 when we 're finished eating , quinn walks me out . 
 we pass through the dining room and i see that my mother is gone . 
 she left her dirty dishes , though . 
 obviously carrying them to the kitchen would be unseemly . 
 i 'm really starting to hate that word . 
 i should make a list of the words i 'm starting to hate . 
 seemly . 
 soon . 
 apparently . 
 i can add more later . 
 right now , i 'm preoccupied with quinn . 
 and his bulging biceps , long fingers and mischievous grin . 
 i stare up at him and smile . 
 `` do you and reece get along okay now ? '' 
 i ask him as we turn onto the staircase leading to the bedrooms . 
 he looks surprised . 
 `` of course . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 `` gavin told me about you and reece 's history . 
 so i just wondered , '' i shrug . 
 i 'm trying to act nonchalant . 
 i hope it 's coming across that way . 
 in an effort to enhance the act , i make a point of examining the portraits of giliberti ancestors as we walk past them . 
 their eyes seem to stare into my back . 
 it 's sort of creepy . 
 `` why are you so interested ? '' 
 quinn raises an eyebrow . 
 so , i fail . 
 epically . 
 apparently i was n't so nonchalant . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i shrug again . 
 `` just curious . 
 i guess i find everything interesting nowadays . 
 everything seems new . '' 
 quinn smiles , a real and sincere smile . 
 it 's salt of the earth . 
 whatever that means . 
 `` i guess that 's one benefit to amnesia , '' he tells me , as he lightly guides my elbow around the landing . 
 `` you get to start over . 
 if you want , '' he adds . 
 i look at him . 
 `` should i ? 
 start over , i mean . 
 was the old me something i should re-do ? '' 
 he stops . 
 and cocks his head . 
 and he is oh-so-sexy . 
 `` no , '' he says firmly . 
 `` old mia was someone who hated the pressure of worrying about what everyone thought . 
 so you hid who you really were . 
 maybe the new you wo n't be so concerned with it . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 `` i thought you did n't know me that well , '' i point out uncertainly . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` it was n't difficult to see , '' he answers as we resume the climb on the stairs . 
 `` just worry about being who you really are . 
 if you never remember who you were , that 's fine . 
 you 're still you regardless . '' 
 `` that 's very profound , '' i murmur . 
 and it is . 
 i 've been so preoccupied with trying to remember who i was , that i forgot that i 'm still me either way . 
 i 'm just a me without memories . 
 interesting . 
 it 's so simple that it 's genius . 
 we stop in front of my bedroom . 
 there is an awkward pause . 
 but maybe it 's only awkward to me . 
 quinn always seems casual . 
 always relaxed . 
 he smiles at me now . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're here , '' he tells me . 
 `` i was getting lonely here all by myself . '' 
 `` well , dante and reece will be here tomorrow . 
 so , you 'll have even more people to keep you company , '' i remind him . 
 `` true , '' he acknowledges . 
 `` but i 'm most happy about you . '' 
 i startle and stare into his chocolate brown eyes . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 he nods . 
 `` really . '' 
 `` you do n't hide what you 're feeling much , do you ? '' 
 i observe . 
 quinn 's eyes sparkle in response . 
 `` i do n't see the point in it , '' he admits . 
 `` i do n't like games . 
 i do n't like playing them because i hate to lose . '' 
 `` so you 're a sore loser , then ? '' 
 i ask with a laugh . 
 but he 's shaking his head . 
 `` nope . 
 i 'm not a sore loser . 
 because i never lose in the first place . '' 
 he dips his head like an old-fashioned cowboy , like something that belongs in a razor commercial or a cologne ad . 
 and then he continues down the hall to his bedroom and i fight the urge to chase after him . 
 but i do n't and so i 'm left standing in shock in the hallway alone . 
 he does n't lose . 
 what is he trying to win ? 
 i have a feeling that i am going to be the one who loses-hours of sleep tonight-trying to ponder that question . 
 chapter eleven `` mia ! '' 
 there is a squeal , unearthly loud and shrieky , before something lands on my bed . 
 i open my eyes but squeeze them instantly closed again . 
 the sun is too , too bright . 
 and the voice is too , too loud . 
 and too , too unfamiliar . 
 but the unfamiliar thing is bouncing . 
 and ramming its bony elbow into my side . 
 so i open my eyes again and find the girl from my phone . 
 `` reece ? '' 
 the blonde girl squeals again and hugs me . 
 `` you remember me !! '' 
 she 's exuberant and i do n't want to tell her that i do n't . 
 but i kind of have to . 
 she 'd figure it out eventually anyway . 
 so i shake my head . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't remember yet . 
 but your pictures are in my phone . '' 
 the pretty blonde girl - reece-is dismayed , but she quickly tries to hide it . 
 she 's like a cheerful ray of sunshine and the clouds are covering up her smile . 
 i feel guilty about that . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , '' i tell her again . 
 `` it 's okay , '' she assures me . 
 `` you 'll remember soon . 
 i 'm just so happy to see you ! '' 
 `` i 'm sure i would be happy to see you , too , if i could remember , '' i tell her regretfully . 
 i know it 's true . 
 when i could n't sleep last night , i went through my old text messages . 
 i found about a million from me to reece , demanding that she return to caberra . 
 our text conversations had me laughing . 
 she 's pretty funny . 
 i can see why i liked her . 
 she 's shaking her head now . 
 `` why are you still in bed ? 
 it 's 9:00 a.m. '' and she 's looking at me almost accusingly . 
 i narrow my eyes . 
 `` if you try and tell me that i 'm normally a morning person , i 'm going to know that you 're on drugs . 
 there 's no way that 's true . '' 
 reece laughs . 
 `` heck , no . 
 i wo n't even try it . 
 i 'm actually surprised that you have n't thrown a pillow at my head yet . '' 
 `` do n't think i have n't thought about it , '' i tell her . 
 `` but since we 're just meeting - for the second time - i 'm trying to be on my best behavior . '' 
 she laughs again . 
 `` you 're the same mia , even if you do n't remember , '' she tells me . 
 `` you 've always had spunk . 
 and you 've still got it . 
 that 's important , i think . '' 
 `` it is ? '' 
 i stare at her . 
 `` i do n't think my mother thinks so . '' 
 reece smiles . 
 `` you and your mom ... you 've been at each other 's throats since the day i met you . 
 i doubt that 's ever going to change . '' 
 `` we have ? '' 
 i ask with interest . 
 `` she 's trying hard to make me believe that i 've always been perfect ... perfect manners , perfect behavior , perfect at everything . 
 it did n't really seem in-line with what i feel . '' 
 reece laughs now , a tinkling sound in the sunshine of my bedroom . 
 in fact , she laughs until she is gasping for air . 
 i find myself glaring at her . 
 `` i do n't think it was that funny , '' i tell her wryly . 
 `` oh , but it is , '' she gasps . 
 `` if you could only remember . 
 you would just die about that . '' 
 `` i must have been a monster , '' i mutter as i swing my legs out of bed . 
 reece looks at me and sobers up . 
 `` no , of course you were n't , '' she tells me quickly . 
 `` you were just feisty . 
 and you did n't take crap from anyone . 
 and you definitely did n't try to be perfect for your mother . 
 she has her own ideas about how the perfect family should be that you 've never agreed with . 
 you 've never wanted to pretend to be someone that you 're not . 
 i 've always loved that about you . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` it 's so good to hear you say that , '' i admit to her . 
 `` gavin tells me that i should just fall into rank and do what i 'm told because it 's easier that way . 
 and he should know - he 's in the same position as me . 
 but it does n't feel right . 
 i do n't want to try and change who i am just to fit an image . 
 but apparently , that 's sort of exactly what i was doing before . 
 it seems that i was deliberately going out of my way to be the opposite of what my parents wanted me to be . 
 i do n't really want to do that either . 
 i just want to figure out who i really am and be that . '' 
 reece is looking at me sympathetically and i do n't like that . 
 `` do n't feel sorry for me , '' i tell her . 
 `` please . 
 i seriously hate that . '' 
 she tightens up her expression and leans over to give me a hug . 
 `` in that case , '' she answers . 
 `` i 'm glad to see you . 
 get your butt out of bed . 
 we 've got things to do and people to scare . '' 
 i laugh and she smirks . 
 `` that 's something you would have said once upon a time , '' she tells me . 
 i grin . 
 `` well , then , let 's go scare some people . '' 
 i get dressed and reece and i go downstairs for breakfast . 
 when we walk into the kitchen , dante and quinn are lounging at the table with freshly squeezed orange juice . 
 together . 
 which seems odd to me . 
 quinn grins lazily at me and i fight the urge to dive into his lap and rub up against him like a cat . 
 that might not go over so well , so i restrain myself . 
 dante turns and his entire face lights up when he sees me . 
 `` mia ! '' 
 he says happily . 
 he gets to his feet and i look him over . 
 yes , he 's exactly as i thought he would be ... like a fashion model . 
 he 's wearing khaki slacks and a button-up shirt with rolled up sleeves . 
 the very picture of casual elegance . 
 but he 's sexy as hell with that dimple in his chin and his sparkling eyes . 
 i smile and he hugs me . 
 `` it 's good to see you , '' he tells me quietly . 
 `` i 've been so worried about you ever since i heard . '' 
 `` it 's good to see you too , '' i tell him . 
 `` i do n't remember you right now , but i 'm hoping that i will soon . '' 
 `` you will , '' he tells me confidently . 
 `` i have faith in that . 
 everything will be fine . '' 
 dante has an air of calm around him that is contagious . 
 i feel comforted by his presence , like all will be well because he says it will be . 
 i like that . 
 he pushes out the chair next to him for me and reece sits next to quinn . 
 i can tell that there is no animosity there at all , they 're as comfortable as old friends can be . 
 and dante is perfectly secure with their relationship . 
 as he should be . 
 it 's apparent to anyone in a five mile radius that reece is completely in love with him . 
 any thoughts she ever had about quinn are long gone . 
 `` how long are you home for ? '' 
 i ask as i nibble on a fresh croissant . 
 dante shrugs elegantly . 
 `` we do n't really know yet , '' he answers . 
 `` as soon as we heard about the quake , we knew that we needed to come and help with the cleanup , especially when we heard about you . 
 we talked my dad into it and here we are . 
 but i do n't know how long he 'll let us stay . '' 
 `` how can you miss school in america ? '' 
 i ask curiously . 
 dante shrugs again . 
 `` if we 're here too long , we 'll just finish out the year here . 
 i 'm not that worried about it . '' 
 i know that old mia would be very happy to hear this . 
 and i 'm sure that new mia will be too . 
 eventually . 
 soon . 
 stupid vague words . 
 `` reece and i have to go see my father this morning , '' dante tells us . 
 `` but this afternoon , we 've volunteered to help with a clean-up effort in town . 
 would you like to join us ? '' 
 `` of course , '' i say . 
 quinn is nodding too . 
 `` i 'd be happy to , '' quinn says . 
 he meets my gaze and my face immediately gets hot . 
 i do n't know why . 
 i 'm weird , i guess . 
 that 's a good reason . 
 and also , i think he wants to come because i 'll be there . 
 that 's a good reason , too . 
 ohmyword . 
 that thought makes me flustered . 
 i 'm suddenly finding it hard to breathe . 
 i try to breathe out of my nose like a normal person , not out of my mouth like a weird mouth-breather . 
 but panting makes that difficult . 
 `` so , want to meet here around 2:00 ? '' 
 dante asks as he stands up . 
 `` we can ride together . '' 
 `` sure , '' i tell him . 
 he bends down and squeezes my shoulder . 
 `` it really is good to see you , mi , '' he tells me quietly and then gives me a peck on the cheek . 
 i smile at him . 
 `` it 's good to see you too , '' i answer . 
 and i mean it . 
 even if i do n't remember , it is still good to see them . 
 he and reece are so friendly . 
 and their blue eyes sparkle all of the time . 
 what 's not to like ? 
 they 're like friendly , witty barbie and ken dolls . 
 they 're a gorgeous matching set . 
 they leave and quinn and i are left alone at the table . 
 `` so , what are your plans for the day ? '' 
 quinn asks . 
 `` until 2:00 , i mean ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i 'm not sure yet . 
 i 'm thinking about seeing if gavin wants to go diving . 
 i 've got to see if i still know how to swim somehow . 
 i 've got a deal to uphold . '' 
 quinn grins . 
 `` you sure do . 
 and you do n't strike me as someone who would renege . '' 
 i 'm already shaking my head . 
 `` never . '' 
 he laughs and clears his plate , putting it in the sink . 
 i like the fact that he does that . 
 it 's a thoughtful thing , even though it 's small . 
 my gaze flickers to his butt , which is framed perfectly in worn levi 's . 
 i seriously doubt there is a pair of jeans in the world that does n't agree with that butt . 
 and then he turns and catches me checking his agreeable butt out . 
 epic . 
 fail . 
 i blush . 
 `` see something you like ? '' 
 he asks , one eyebrow raised . 
 i blush again . 
 `` i do n't know what you mean , '' i stammer . 
 he chuckles . 
 `` wrong answer , tiny tot . 
 you 're supposed to give me a verbal lashing . 
 that 's what you did the last time i caught you checking out my merchandise . '' 
 my mouth drops open . 
 `` your merchandise ? 
 are you selling something now ? '' 
 quinn winks . 
 `` that depends on who is buying . '' 
 and he saunters out . 
 yes , saunters . 
 there is no other word to describe the casual , cocky way that he moves through life . 
 ohmygod . 
 my fingers are practically shaking as i pick up my phone and text gavin . 
 i do n't know why i 'm shaking , either . 
 i have no idea why i let quinn affect me like he does . 
 it 's like my hormones are instantly nervous whenever he is near . 
 i wonder if his are affected the same way ? 
 i shake my head and focus on my phone . 
 wan na go diving ? 
 i text this to gavin . 
 and then i add a smiley face . 
 there is an answer in less than ten seconds . 
 my , are n't we happy today ? 
 and of course , mi . 
 the answer to that is always yes . 
 i shove my phone in my pocket and sigh . 
 so , apparently , i do n't usually use emoticons . 
 i should make a list of all the things i do n't normally do . 
 but then again , that would negate my new theory that i 'm going to rediscover myself . 
 so i shelve that idea . 
 my phone buzzes in my pocket , so i pull it back out . 
 btw , you always wear a bikini to dive . 
 a skimpy one . 
 i laugh out loud . 
 and i 'm still laughing when i hear a voice behind me . 
 `` good morning , sweet one . '' 
 i turn to find marionette gliding into the kitchen . 
 she bends and hugs me and i am truly happy to see her . 
 `` good morning , '' i answer as i return her hug . 
 `` do you happen to know ... do i have a car here ? '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` you do have a car . 
 but it is n't here . 
 and honestly , i do n't know if it was damaged in the quake . 
 but darius would be happy to take you anywhere you need to go . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i smile at her . 
 `` he 's out in the barn , i think , '' she tells me before she grabs a loaded breakfast tray , presumably for my mother . 
 the thought that my mother is up and around puts a spring into my step . 
 i pack a bag with a one-piece swimsuit and duck out before i can accidentally bump into her . 
 i 'm guessing that my mother is n't a morning person , either . 
 but that 's just a guess . 
 i do find darius in the barn and he is happy to give me a ride , just as marionette said he would be . 
 he chats casually during the ride into town . 
 the farm truck is bumpy and jostling , but i do n't mind . 
 he drops me off at the pier and as i am standing there , i realize something . 
 i did n't bring any equipment . 
 i 'm an idiot . 
 and i 'm still standing there like an idiot when gavin finds me . 
 `` did you bring your bikini ? '' 
 he asks with a grin . 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure that i do n't even own one , '' i tell him . 
 `` but that was a valiant effort . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` you know i 'm going to take every advantage of this amnesia thing . 
 just be forewarned . '' 
 `` noted , '' i answer back . 
 it is absolutely impossible to not be happy around gavin . 
 and that is the truth . 
 `` where 's your stuff ? '' 
 he asks , glancing down and only seeing my one little bag . 
 i wince at my own idiocy . 
 `` i was in a hurry to duck out before i ran into my mom , so i forgot it , '' i admit sheepishly . 
 gavin throws his head back and laughs . 
 `` hmm . 
 just like old times , '' he says with another chuckle . 
 `` mia 's hiding from her mom again . 
 maybe it 's best if we just swim today , anyway . 
 you can get your sea legs back under you . '' 
 i nod because that 's probably a good idea . 
 he leads me onto a pristine little boat named the shining . 
 it 's immaculate even though many of the surrounding boats have clearly been damaged in the quake . 
 i look at gavin questioningly . 
 `` we were out on the water when it hit , '' he told me . 
 `` you , me and quinn . 
 so there was nothing for my boat to get damaged with . '' 
 oh . 
 this was something i did n't know . 
 i was with gavin and quinn at the same time ? 
 i wonder how that came to pass ? 
 but i do n't ask . 
 instead , i take a seat and enjoy the fragrant sea breeze that blows through my hair as gavin steers through the bay . 
 the sunlight skims the surface of the water and breaks apart into a million prisms of light . 
 it 's gorgeous and i sigh happily while i breathe in the salty air . 
 `` you love it out here , '' he calls to me when we are on open water . 
 `` you always have and i know you always will . 
 we 've been doing this since we were small . '' 
 `` always together ? '' 
 i ask curiously . 
 he nods . 
 `` always . '' 
 hmm . 
 i never know now when he is messing with me , but i look at his face and he is distracted by driving and does n't seem to be kidding . 
 so , gavin and i are together a lot . 
 that would make sense since he knows me so well . 
 he kills the motor after a while and the boat floats . 
 everything is quiet around us except for the water lapping against the fiberglass hull . 
 it 's soothing . 
 i lean back in my seat and allow the sun to wash over my face . 
 i decide that i 'm never going to shore . 
 so i tell gavin that . 
 he laughs . 
 `` you should 've mentioned that beforehand and i would 've brought some food . 
 you 're kind of bitchy when you do n't eat . '' 
 i open one eye . 
 `` is n't everyone ? '' 
 he laughs again . 
 `` not like you . 
 you once almost ripped my finger off for stealing your candy bar . 
 i thought you were going to punch me in the throat . '' 
 i giggle . 
 it does n't sound like me . 
 but what do i know ? 
 `` you probably should n't mess with a girl 's chocolate , '' i advise him . 
 he smiles . 
 `` yeah , i know that now , thanks to you . 
 now , do you want to swim ? '' 
 gavin looks at me . 
 i eye the water . 
 i know it must be deep out here . 
 really , really deep . 
 `` i 'm not sure if i remember how , '' i admit to him . 
 `` and i still need to change into my suit . '' 
 gavin 's eyes start to sparkle . 
 and that 's a dangerous sign . 
 i have re-discovered that already . 
 `` that 's no problem , '' he tells me . 
 `` i 'll turn my back and you can change . 
 and then we 'll get into the water together . 
 you can wear a life-jacket . '' 
 i narrow my eyes . 
 `` no peeking . '' 
 he holds his hands up innocently . 
 `` i would never . 
 okay , maybe i would . 
 but i promise that i wo n't today . '' 
 he laughs impishly . 
 and i know , deep down , that i would n't be overly mad if he did peek . 
 what does that make me ? 
 what kind of girl am i , anyway ? 
 i grab my bag and yank my suit out . 
 true to his word , gavin turns his back . 
 although , i do catch him trying to steal a glance in the chrome reflection of the boat trim . 
 i laugh in spite of myself . 
 i have never shoved my clothes off of my body as fast as i do right now . 
 well , i do n't think i ever have anyway . 
 i yank my suit up and slide my arms into the arm straps . 
 `` done ! '' 
 i announce . 
 gavin turns around , his gaze flickers down and then back up . 
 i ca n't read the expression in his eyes very well , but i 'm guessing he is disappointed that there really is no bikini . 
 he does n't show it , though . 
 instead , he grabs a bright orange lifejacket and tosses it to me . 
 `` put this on . '' 
 so i do . 
 and then i peer over the edge of the boat . 
 the water is brilliant blue and fairly clear . 
 `` are there sharks ? '' 
 i ask . 
 gavin rolls his eyes . 
 `` when in the history of your life , have you ever worried about sharks ? '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` oh , right . 
 you do n't remember . 
 sorry . 
 you do n't worry about sharks because you know that you have a greater chance of dying in an airplane crash than you do of getting eaten by a shark . 
 the chances are slim to none . '' 
 for some reason , that does n't make me feel much better . 
 but it might be because the sea is so vast and i am so unsure about my swimming skills . 
 gavin looks at me and grabs my hand . 
 `` mia , i would never let anything happen to you . 
 you are a very strong swimmer . 
 all you have to do is trust your instincts . 
 and you have a life jacket on . 
 you 'll be fine . '' 
 i nod and gavin counts . 
 on three , we jump over the side . 
 chapter twelve i feel panicked for a second as the water closes in over my head . 
 i plunge into the sea and for a brief minute before my lifejacket thrusts me back up , i do panic . 
 i kick hard and flail . 
 but then the buoyancy of the orange vest sends me bobbing back to the surface . 
 i sputter as my head breaks through the water . 
 and then i gulp in a huge mouthful of air . 
 gavin is still holding my hand and he shakes the water from his hair as he treads water next to me . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he asks in concern . 
 i nod . 
 `` yep . 
 i just was n't expecting it to be so cold . '' 
 he looks at me strangely . 
 `` you really do n't remember anything at all , do you ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` nope . '' 
 i release his hand and kick away from the boat . 
 i love the weightless feeling that i have right now , even though i 'm secretly worried that sharks are going to notice my legs kicking and come up and bite one off . 
 i 'm kind of fond of my legs . 
 i 'd prefer to keep them . 
 there 's nothing out here , not for miles and miles . 
 i scan the horizon and only see blue . 
 i feel freer than i 've felt since i woke up . 
 i tell gavin that and he smiles . 
 `` that 's why you love it out here so much , '' he confides . 
 `` you 're free out here . 
 no restrictions , no expectations . 
 usually , we dive the old wrecks . '' 
 at my clueless expression , he adds , `` it 's a bunch of sunken ships . 
 you love it . '' 
 for some reason , for a minute , i get a chill . 
 thinking of old sunken ships resting against the bottom of the sea with moss and crap growing on them is pretty creepy . 
 and i do n't want to swim down there . 
 but of course i do n't want gavin to know that . 
 i do n't want to hear but you used to love it ! 
 even one more time . 
 it 's growing a little old . 
 i seem to do okay paddling , so i decide to try swimming . 
 i stretch my arms out in front of me and stroke , one after the other . 
 gavin calls after me . 
 `` you 're doing great ! 
 i knew you would n't forget ! '' 
 i bury my face in the sea and allow it to wash over me . 
 the cool water seems to wash everything away and i glide effortlessly through the water . 
 i flip onto my back and close my eyes , basking in the sun as i float . 
 i do n't know how long i bob in the water like this , but i decide that i must have fallen asleep for a minute . 
 because when i open my eyes again , i am way , way away from the boat . 
 far . 
 away . 
 and gavin is lying on the hull of the boat , asleep . 
 i can tell from the way his arm is thrown up over his head and his eyes are closed . 
 i flip over and suddenly , i 'm terrified . 
 i 'm panicky . 
 the sea is so very vast . 
 and i 'm so very alone . 
 i scream . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 and as i do , i accidentally gulp in a huge mouthful of water . 
 everything that follows is a blur . 
 i start coughing and flailing my arms and even though i 'm wearing a life-jacket , i 'm thrashing around like a lunatic . 
 i hear the boat motor start up and then i feel the wake of the boat as it crests up to me . 
 gavin is next to me and before i know it , he 's hauling me over the side of the shining . 
 i 'm in his lap , on the floor of the boat and he is holding me and i am shaking . 
 ohmygod . 
 i 'm such an idiot . 
 i 'm such an idiot . 
 and i must be repeating it out loud , even though i do n't mean to , because gavin is telling me , `` no , you 're not . '' 
 but i am . 
 i really am . 
 `` i do n't know why i got so afraid , '' i tell him . 
 `` i think i had a panic attack . '' 
 my voice sounds pathetic and i hate it . 
 gavin tightens his grip on me , his strong arms are wrapped around me and i suddenly realize that his skin is pressed against mine and it feels really , really good . 
 i push into him harder and clutch him to me . 
 because for some insane reason , i 'm still unnerved . 
 `` it 's okay , '' he tells me softly . 
 he 's stroking my back and i 'm trying to catch my breaths like a normal person . 
 `` you 've been through a lot . 
 i should n't have let you float like that alone . 
 you seemed like you were doing fine , so i climbed up onto the boat to watch you and i must have fallen asleep . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 this is my fault , mi . '' 
 i look up at him . 
 he 's so sexy and concerned and my heart melts . 
 `` it 's not your fault that i 'm insane , '' i tell him firmly . 
 `` i do n't know why i panicked . 
 i ca n't even explain it . 
 everything just all of a sudden felt so big and i felt so small and alone . 
 i guess i kind of freaked out . '' 
 understatement of the year . 
 gavin 's dark eyes are soft as he stares at me . 
 he brushes a thumb across my cheek and says that he is so very sorry . 
 `` it makes sense , mia , '' he tells me . 
 `` you ca n't remember who you are . 
 so you feel sort of alone in the world . 
 and when you fell asleep while you were floating and woke up , the sea felt big . 
 and everything came down on you at once . 
 it 's okay . 
 i get it . 
 but you 're never alone . 
 i want you to know that . 
 you will always have me . 
 you always have and you always will . '' 
 my heart swells until it might burst . 
 it feels so incredibly , amazingly good to have this beautiful boy tell me that . 
 to know that he has always been my friend , that he knows me inside and out . 
 and then i do something unexpected . 
 i lean up and kiss gavin . 
 on the mouth . 
 sweet angel of mercy . 
 his lips are soft and warm from the sun . 
 i can taste the sea on them and i weave my hands into his hair , pulling him closer . 
 he tightens his grip on me and kisses me back ; hard , hard , harder . 
 he tastes like fruit and smells like sunshine . 
 it 's really nice . 
 wonderful . 
 amazing . 
 my heart is doing flip-flops when i finally pull away . 
 gavin stares down at me in shock . 
 `` i 've always wondered what that would be like , '' he admits . 
 `` kissing a firecracker , i mean . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` and ? '' 
 `` it 's really too difficult to say from just one kiss , '' he says , his dark eyes twinkling . 
 `` we should try it again so that i have more to go on . '' 
 he cups my face in his hands and dips his head , his lips meeting mine . 
 he tastes of butterscotch and man . 
 twenty-five beats of my heart later , he pulls away . 
 `` and ? '' 
 i breathe . 
 `` you 'll do , '' he grins . 
 i swat at him and he pulls me into his arms , folding me against his chest . 
 it is warm here , where his skin is bathed by the sun . 
 i feel so safe , like he would protect me from anything . 
 but even better , it 's like he knows exactly what to protect me from . 
 `` the old you would never have done that , '' he tells me quietly a few minutes later . 
 i sigh . 
 `` gavin , you 'll never know how tired i am of hearing that , '' i tell him . 
 i feel him smile against my shoulder . 
 `` i 'm just saying it because it is true . 
 as much as i enjoyed that kiss , i 'm thinking that maybe we should hold off on doing it again until you remember a little bit more . 
 just to be on the safe side . 
 i do n't want you slicing off any of my important body parts later because you 're mad at me for taking advantage of the situation . '' 
 i snuggle closer . 
 `` maybe i 'm the one who is taking advantage of you , '' i suggest . 
 `` oh ? 
 how so ? '' 
 gavin asks . 
 he shifts my weight so that i am lying more comfortably in his lap . 
 i feel evidence of his ` important body part ' jabbing into me , but i pretend not to notice . 
 `` maybe i 'm using you to jog my memory , '' i answer . 
 i do n't open my eyes . 
 it feels too good to keep them closed in the sun . 
 he laughs . 
 `` well , in that case , feel free to use me in any way that you want . 
 and if you require any of my important body parts for that , say the word . 
 just remember , i 'm always ready . '' 
 i smile . 
 but then , for a second , one second , quinn 's lop-sided grin pops into my head and my heart pounds . 
 why am i in gavin 's lap and kissing gavin 's lips when quinn has the ability to give me heart palpations ? 
 the answer is pretty clear though . 
 because i like gavin 's lips . 
 and he has the ability to make my heart pound , too . 
 in a world that is confusing and scary , gavin is one of the only things that is real and true . 
 he 's steady , like a rock , and i so need that right now . 
 but is that really a good enough reason to be lying in his lap right now ? 
 maybe he was right and we should wait . 
 i sit up . 
 `` do n't do that , '' gavin mumbles . 
 `` i was just ready to fall asleep again . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` maybe you 're right , '' i tell him . 
 this pops his eyes wide open . 
 `` what ? 
 say that again . 
 because you never , ever say that i 'm right . '' 
 i roll my eyes again . 
 `` you might be right about this . 
 i do n't even know who i am . 
 so how in the world could i know what i want ? 
 i do n't want to screw you over while i 'm trying to figure it out . 
 and i definitely , definitely do n't want to ruin our friendship . 
 it 's the best thing in my life right now . '' 
 he arches a dark eyebrow . 
 `` mi , i 've always been the best thing in your life . '' 
 he laughs and i laugh with him . 
 `` seriously , though . 
 you 're not going to ruin our friendship . 
 you 're not going to screw me over , although i think it 's cute that you 're worried about it . 
 how about this-we 'll just play it by ear . 
 we 'll do our thing like we always do . 
 and if things develop like they did this afternoon , we 'll pursue them . 
 do n't stress about it . 
 you 're not supposed to be stressing . 
 just relax . '' 
 i twist around and stare at him . 
 `` just relax and go with the flow ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 i nestle into his chest once again and he tightens his arms around me . 
 the sun beats down on our shoulders , drying my hair and warming my chilled bones . 
 it feels really , really good here with gavin . 
 but just as i 'm ready to fall asleep in the sun , i see quinn 's face again . 
 i remember what it felt like when he pressed against me as i was riding titan . 
 and i hear his charming drawl in my head . 
 my heart quickens in response , like it always does . 
 i have no idea what i 'm doing . 
 that much is clear . 
 but as gavin and i nap in the bottom of the shining , curled up in the sun and miles away from our nearest problem , it is easy to put it out of my mind . 
 i 'm going to try and do what gavin suggested . 
 i 'm going to go with the flow . 
 i only hope i 'm flowing in the right direction . 
 chapter thirteen i text dante from the pier and let him know that gavin will be dropping me off in town . 
 but then gavin decides to join us . 
 so i spend the remainder of the drive wondering how weird it will be to have quinn and gavin in one place . 
 but it turns out to not be weird at all . 
 they joke back and forth like old friends and i realize that somewhere along the line , they 've become friends since quinn arrived in caberra . 
 gavin treats me like he normally would and no one seems to notice that anything is amiss . 
 no one would ever know that i kissed him on his boat and then took a nap in his arms . 
 no one except for reece . 
 at one point , when gavin hands me a fresh trash sack , his fingers linger over mine just a little too long . 
 i glance up and smile at him at the same exact time that reece looks my way . 
 i catch her surprised expression and then her knowing grin . 
 but she does n't say anything . 
 yet . 
 i have a feeling that it will come later . 
 for now , i enjoy watching my friends . 
 they joke and laugh and rough-house . 
 we 're like a little club , tightly-knit and close . 
 i like it . 
 and even though i do n't remember , they do n't treat me like i 'm different . 
 i like that , too . 
 i look around the little park that we are cleaning and can see vast improvement over what it looked like a scant two hours ago when we arrived . 
 the broken wood and trash has all been picked up and bagged and it once again looks like a place where children would play . 
 it 's a good feeling to know that we did this . 
 we all stand and stare at it for a minute and our five shadows stretch onto the playground , side by side . 
 quinn 's shadow is the tallest and mine is the smallest . 
 the fact that he is standing next to me at the moment accentuates that fact . 
 `` you really are a tiny tot , '' he says , only to me . 
 his voice is low and quiet and instant warmth floods my nether regions . 
 ohgoodlord . 
 i 'm a wanton , wanton girl . 
 because two hours ago , i was lying in gavin 's lap . 
 i gulp . 
 `` i ca n't help my height , '' i tell him indignantly . 
 `` nope , '' he drawls . 
 `` no , you ca n't . 
 i was just wondering , though , how do you fit that much temper into one tiny body , anyway ? '' 
 i glare at him . 
 `` i do n't have a temper . '' 
 everyone cracks up at this , but i do n't see the humor . 
 `` i do n't , '' i insist . 
 but no one listens as they gather up all of our things . 
 my look of indignation is lost because no one is looking . 
 i sigh . 
 `` we should go grab some dinner someplace , '' dante suggests . 
 `` by the time we get anywhere , it will be dinner time . 
 anyone up for it ? '' 
 `` i am , '' reece says , leaning up to kiss dante 's cheek . 
 he has a dirt smudge there and she wipes it off before she turns to me . 
 `` mia ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` sure . 
 just let me text my mom and let her know . '' 
 everyone stares . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask as i pull out my phone . 
 `` it would be rude not to let her know . '' 
 they stare more . 
 `` i must have been a horrible monster , '' i mutter as i punch the text into my phone and then put it away . 
 `` not a monster , '' reece tells me . 
 `` just ... different . '' 
 `` hmmph , '' i grunt as i swing into gavin 's land rover . 
 `` where are we going to meet ? '' 
 i ask . 
 dante rattles off a restaurant in town and gavin nods . 
 and then quinn appears in my open door , filling it up with his large frame . 
 `` do you mind if i catch a ride with you guys ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i stare at him in surprise . 
 i had just assumed that he would ride with dante . 
 he grins in their direction . 
 `` they seem like they 'd like a little alone time , '' he says wryly . 
 reece is holding dante 's hand , laughing up at him and my heart constricts a little bit . 
 i have to admit ... i 'm a little jealous . 
 they 're so together . 
 they fit just right . 
 i wonder if i was ever jealous of them before ? 
 but i 'm saved from thinking about it because i have to move to let quinn in . 
 i climb in the backseat . 
 `` you 're way too big to fit back here , '' i tell him . 
 and it 's true . 
 he could fit , but he would n't be comfortable . 
 `` thanks , tiny tot , '' he tells me as he settles into the front . 
 `` but we 've already had the conversation about how big i am . 
 you just do n't remember it . '' 
 he grins impishly and his eyes meet mine in the mirror of his visor . 
 i have the sudden feeling it was n't the size of his body that we had talked about . 
 my heart flutters . 
 `` everyone set ? '' 
 gavin asks . 
 and his eyes meet mine in the rearview mirror . 
 his are warm and twinkly because he knows a secret . 
 he knows how we spent the afternoon . 
 ohgoodlord . 
 how do i get myself into these situations ? 
 i have two gorgeous guys staring at me covertly from the front seat , both with hidden meanings and expressions in their eyes . 
 so i do what any normal girl would do . 
 i stare at my hands . 
 the entire way to the restaurant . 
 it seems to take forever , but we 're actually there in twenty minutes . 
 trust me , though , twenty minutes is a long time to stare at your hands . 
 by the time we get there , i am painfully aware that i need a manicure . 
 we pile out and i walk between quinn and gavin as we meet dante and reece at the door . 
 because dante is the prime minister 's son , we do n't have to wait for a table . 
 we are immediately shown to the best table in the house , actually . 
 it 's situated in front of huge windows overlooking the sea . 
 it 's a beautiful view . 
 or it would be if it did n't offer such a clear view of the city , showcasing the damage from the earthquake . 
 staring at it is unsettling . 
 surrounded by the serenity of giliberti house , it is easy to be removed from the devastation that the quake caused . 
 not so here . 
 it is readily apparent . 
 there is rubble everywhere , although streets have been cleared . 
 trees are down and some power lines too , which means that some people are still without power . 
 it 's the worst earthquake this country has seen in years and years . 
 `` wow , '' reece breathes as she takes it in . 
 `` we do n't have earthquakes where i 'm from . 
 kansas has tornadoes , but not hurricanes or earthquakes . 
 i did n't know what to expect when we arrived here . 
 but it 's even worse than i thought it would be . '' 
 dante nods solemnly . 
 `` we 're just happy that power has been restored to almost everyone . 
 it 's amazing how we take things like water or power for granted and we can be reminded so quickly of how lucky we are . '' 
 he 's right and everyone at the table is quiet for a minute , probably reflecting on that very thing . 
 no one at the table , other than me , was really affected by the quake . 
 their homes are intact , they did n't even lose power and certainly no one else lost their memories . 
 but i 'm really happy about that . 
 i would n't wish it on anyone . 
 we order and then chat while we wait for our food . 
 i find that i am famished . 
 and i am slightly fidgety . 
 i 'm seated between gavin and reece and across from quinn . 
 every once in a while , quinn catches my eye . 
 his gaze is sparkling and mischievous at all times . 
 it 's like he is just waiting for something to amuse him . 
 every time he stares at me , my cheeks catch on fire . 
 and reece notices this , too . 
 she stares at me once , in confusion and then in realization . 
 not long after , she excuses herself to go to the bathroom . 
 and then pauses . 
 `` mia , do you need to go ? '' 
 from the way she is staring at me , i decide that i 'd better go whether i need to or not . 
 i hurry after her and when we reach the bathroom , she turns to me . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she demands . 
 `` i can see the tension between you and quinn . 
 and i saw you flirting with gavin . 
 seriously flirting , not his usual bs flirting . 
 i 'm not trying to interfere , but mia , you 're supposed to be relaxing so that your memory can come back . 
 i do n't think that adding complications to your life is exactly what your doctor meant . '' 
 reece means business . 
 her cheeks are flushed and i think she 's ready to stamp her foot or something . 
 `` calm down , '' i tell her . 
 `` it 's not what you think . 
 or maybe it is . 
 i do n't know . 
 i 'm so confused . 
 all i know is that they 're both sexy as hell . 
 and i like them both for different reasons . '' 
 `` you never used to like gavin in that way , '' she tells me . 
 `` seriously , you did n't . 
 i always wondered why , because he 's cute and funny , but you never did . 
 you said it was because you 've seen him in diapers . '' 
 i stare at her . 
 `` well , see , that 's the thing . 
 i do n't remember seeing him in diapers now , so that 's no longer a problem . 
 to me , he 's a brand new guy who is sexy as hell and twice as funny . 
 i do n't remember anything . 
 all i know is that he makes me feel safe . 
 and trust me , right now i really need that . '' 
 reece nods . 
 `` i can see where that would be important to you right now . 
 but what about quinn ? '' 
 i smile at the mere thought of quinn . 
 `` he 's sexy as hell , too , '' i tell her . 
 `` what girl would n't be interested in him ? '' 
 reece smiles now , knowingly . 
 `` that 's true , '' she admits . 
 `` everyone loves quinn . 
 back home , he ca n't go anywhere without getting a girl 's phone number shoved into his pocket . '' 
 `` hometown football hero ? '' 
 i guess . 
 there 's just something about him that screams that . 
 reece nods . 
 `` pretty much . 
 and back home , friday night football games are huge . 
 the whole town turns out . 
 everyone loves quinn . 
 and the likeable thing about him is that he is n't very conceited about it . 
 he 's just a normal guy who happens to be gorgeous . 
 he 's always been that way . 
 it 's probably why i used to be totally in love with him . '' 
 she grins now . 
 and i have to smile , too . 
 oh , to be her . 
 going from being in love with quinn to dante . 
 rough life . 
 i mention as much to her and she grins again . 
 every time she smiles , her eyes sparkle . 
 i like it . 
 she 's ornery-sweet , not ornery-bad ass like i 'm told that i am . 
 maybe it 's why we get along . 
 we 're opposites . 
 `` dante is the one for me , '' she shrugs . 
 `` for the longest time , i thought it was quinn . 
 but one look at dante pretty much changed that . 
 you were here when it happened . 
 you just do n't remember it . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 she asks me now . 
 she glances in the mirror and messes with her blonde hair , pushing one tendril behind her ear . 
 `` i 've never seen gavin actually serious about someone . 
 i 've seen him with a lot of girls , but they were never girls he would like to keep . 
 you 're different . 
 you have to know that . '' 
 i sigh again . 
 because i think i do know that . 
 i know it from the tender tone he had in his voice on his boat . 
 i know it from the soft expression he has in his eyes when he looks at me . 
 i know it from his smile . 
 and i know that i never , ever want to hurt him . 
 `` i do n't know what to do , '' i admit . 
 `` i really do n't . '' 
 reece turns to me . 
 `` i think you should just wait it out , '' she tells me wisely . 
 `` go on with life and deal with things as they come . 
 maybe you should just hang out with both of them and see what happens . 
 i think that 's what i would do . '' 
 my shoulders slump . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 i 'm not good at waiting . 
 hence my hatred for the words soon and eventually . 
 reece wraps an arm around them , bolstering me up . 
 `` it 's going to be fine , '' she announces . 
 `` seriously . 
 you 're an amazing , funny , sweet person . 
 everything will work out for you . '' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 `` sweet ? 
 you 're the first person who has described me in that way . '' 
 she giggles . 
 `` you are sweet . 
 it 's deep down because you try to hide it . 
 but you are a sweet person , mia . 
 and those of us who know you , know that . '' 
 `` then you 're the only ones who matter , '' i tell her stoically . 
 `` the ones who know me , i mean . '' 
 `` exactly , '' she nods . 
 `` we 're the only ones who matter . 
 family does n't have to mean blood , mi . 
 we 're your family . 
 and even though your parents give you a hard time , they love you , too . 
 they just do n't understand you . '' 
 i nod . 
 and there is a hard lump that has swelled in my throat and i do n't even know why . 
 reece hugs me again . 
 `` wan na go back out ? '' 
 i nod , not trusting my voice . 
 and when we walk out to the table , i am surprised to find elena draped over quinn 's arm . 
 her voice is stickily sweet and her boobs are pressed against him . 
 instant rage rushes through me , hot and red , but i tamper it down . 
 quinn does n't belong to me . 
 he 's not mine . 
 but my heart does n't seem to realize that . 
 elena glances up and sees me , then sees reece . 
 her expression changes drastically as she locks eyes with reece . 
 she turns into an ice-bitch directly in front of my eyes . 
 `` hey , farm girl , '' elena says coolly . 
 `` i did n't know you were back in town . '' 
 i start to interrupt , but reece speaks first . 
 `` and i did n't expect to find you draped across my table . '' 
 elena smiles , her gaze tunneled on reece . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 i 'm draped across your ex-boyfriend . 
 jealous ? '' 
 she glances my way now and i feel frozen in place . 
 this is n't the girl who i spoke with in the hospital . 
 but if i 'm honest , i knew that she had this potential for bitchiness . 
 i could sense it . 
 and now she seems poised to strike , like a snake . 
 dante breaks in , though , his voice calm yet cool . 
 `` leni , '' he says warningly . 
 i glance at him and he is staring at her , waiting . 
 expectant . 
 he knows her . 
 he has known her for a long time , so he is patient . 
 elena looks from him , to reece , to me . 
 and then she smiles . 
 `` hi , mia , '' she says , her voice sweet now . 
 `` it 's good to see you . 
 would you like to come sit at our table ? '' 
 she motions to her table , which is crowded with a bunch of other girls our age . 
 they are snickering as they watch this exchange . 
 and i realize that there is no place i 'd rather be less . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no , thanks . 
 i 'm fine here . '' 
 elena narrows her green eyes . 
 `` are you sure about that ? 
 it might be better for you over there . '' 
 my temper snaps to life . 
 `` how so ? '' 
 i answer , my own green eyes narrowing . 
 elena smiles wolfishly . 
 `` you 're the one who said you wanted to be friends , '' she reminded me . 
 `` i told my girls that and they did n't believe me . 
 if you do n't sit with us , they 'll think i was lying . '' 
 i can feel the incredulous gazes of everyone at the table . 
 all of them are trained on my face , all of them are waiting for me to speak . 
 i swallow . 
 `` elena , i 'm happy to try and be your friend . 
 but i wo n't be manipulated or used as a pawn . 
 ever . 
 so , right now , i 'm going to stay here and eat my dinner . '' 
 i stare into her eyes and she stares into mine . 
 and then she smiles , relenting . 
 `` okay , '' she says casually . 
 as though it is no big deal at all , as if she is used to people turning her down . 
 `` if you change your mind , though , we 're over there . '' 
 she slides her slender hand along quinn 's shoulders as she leaves and i want to break it . 
 she smiles down at him . 
 `` call me , '' she tells him . 
 i see a piece of paper in his hand and i have to assume it is her number . 
 my blood boils and i think my vision blurs for a second . 
 `` see you later , d ! '' 
 she calls to dante over her shoulder . 
 elena is barely gone for a second before reece marches over to quinn and yanks the paper from his hand . 
 she tosses it into the burning candle in the center of the table . 
 we all watch it burn . 
 `` not in this lifetime , quinn , '' reece says . 
 `` she 's an utter bitch . 
 you do n't need that . '' 
 quinn grins , lazy and slow . 
 `` thanks for looking out for me , reecie , '' he says . 
 he looks amused . 
 but his words stir something in me . 
 and i freeze . 
 `` reecie piecie , '' i murmur . 
 i am stunned because it triggers something in my brain . 
 something familiar . 
 reece stares at me . 
 `` yes , '' she says excitedly . 
 `` everyone calls me that . 
 do you remember ? '' 
 and for a second , i do . 
 i see flashes of reece and me . 
 we 're on the water , snorkeling , i think . 
 she 's screaming , then laughing . 
 the sun is shining on the water and dante is there . 
 we 're floating and it is peaceful and quiet and i can see why i loved the water . 
 in my head , reece grabs my hand and the three of us are floating in a circle . 
 and then the memory stops . 
 i ca n't remember anything else . 
 but i have this piece now , this fragment of my past . 
 and that 's something . 
 i nod . 
 `` i remembered something , '' i tell them . 
 i sit down and share it . 
 dante grins . 
 `` i remember that day , '' he announces . 
 `` you were teaching reece to snorkel . 
 and i pretended to be a shark and scared the crap out of her . '' 
 reece smacks at him now . 
 `` i 'm still not over that ! '' 
 she sniffs . 
 `` you were a jerk . '' 
 `` but you love me anyway , '' dante tells her , rubbing at his arm . 
 she smiles up at him . 
 `` that 's because you 're not normally a jerk , '' she clarifies . 
 dante is still rubbing his arm . 
 gavin looks at me . 
 `` was that all you remembered ? '' 
 and i think he 's really asking , do you remember anything about me ? 
 i nod . 
 `` that 's all . 
 but i think it 's good . 
 a memory came back . 
 so that means that they are n't all gone forever . 
 maybe the rest will come back too . '' 
 and while everyone else seems encouraged , gavin seems a little pensive . 
 and i think i know why . 
 he 's afraid that if i remember how i felt about him before , i 'm not going to feel the same about him as i do right now . 
 and that 's a very valid concern . 
 i 'm worried about the same thing , even while quinn is staring at me from across the table with such a stormy dark expression . 
 the sexual tension between him and i practically crackles and i want to leap over the table into his arms . 
 and then gavin casually lays his arm over the back of my chair and his thumb rubs circles lightly on my shoulder . 
 i glance into his eyes and i find such kindness there , such pure friendship amidst the sparkling dark depths and i gulp . 
 i do n't know what , or who , i want . 
 i am a mess of utter , swirling confusion . 
 at this point , i honestly do n't know if i want my old memories back or if i wish they 'd stay gone forever . 
 as i look around the table , at the laughing and friendly faces of my friends , i 'm beginning to realize that my life is pretty good right now . 
 i might not know what i want , but i 'm pretty sure that i do n't want anything to change . 
 at all . 
 and i know that my memories have the potential to change everything . 
 chapter fourteen my bedroom has a private balcony . 
 i think all of the bedrooms here at giliberti house do . 
 i 'm sitting on mine tonight , alone , under the dark sky filled with twinkling stars . 
 the night air is cool and it brushes over my skin softly , like tropical velvet fingers . 
 and i 'm feeling nostalgic and poetic . 
 i do n't know why . 
 there is a book lying open in my lap . 
 it feels good to lose myself in someone else 's world tonight , someone else 's fictional drama . 
 because my own drama is too real and raw . 
 there is a knock on my bedroom door , soft and light . 
 and before i can call out , the door opens and reece is there . 
 she 's wearing pajamas and holding a small box . 
 `` i brought you something , '' she announces as she crosses my room and joins me on the balcony . 
 `` you love these . 
 they 're good for anything that ails you . 
 you bought them for me when i was here this summer . '' 
 she thrusts the box into my hands and i peer inside . 
 tiny chocolate volcanoes sit amidst tissue . 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 `` chocolate therapy ? '' 
 `` is there a better kind ? '' 
 she tosses back . 
 `` excellent point , '' i answer . 
 i pop one into my mouth and then i almost melt into my seat . 
 `` oh my gosh . 
 yummo . '' 
 reece looks satisfied . 
 `` right ? 
 i braved the scary gypsy lady for you . 
 that 's how much i love you . '' 
 `` scary gypsy lady ? '' 
 this intrigues me . 
 reece sighs . 
 `` the woman in town who sells these is terrifying , '' she tells me . 
 `` you laugh about her , but she 's got these cloudy eyes that see right through a person . 
 and she always mutters vague things about people , as if she can see our future . 
 last time i was here , she told me that i was strong enough to handle anything . 
 it was like she knew what was going on in my life . 
 it was creepy . '' 
 `` were you ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` strong enough ? '' 
 reece looks at me , gorgeous in her blonde , girl-next-door way . 
 she finally nods . 
 `` yes . 
 i was . 
 and i am . 
 it 's something i learned while i was here . 
 everyone is strong enough . 
 sometimes , they just do n't know it . 
 you 're strong enough too . '' 
 `` you 're very profound , you know that ? '' 
 i nudge her jokingly . 
 but honestly , i 'm not joking . 
 reece has given me some pretty good advice so far . 
 i look at her . 
 `` so , i guess my best friend is a sage , then . '' 
 she laughs . 
 `` i do n't know about that . 
 but you 've never steered me wrong , either , so i guess we 're good for each other . '' 
 i offer her a chocolate . 
 `` thank you for being my friend , '' i tell her sincerely . 
 `` thank you for sticking with me even when i do n't remember how good of a friend you actually are . '' 
 reece looks at me like i 've suddenly grown two heads . 
 `` seriously ? 
 that 's what friends do . 
 you would do the same for me . '' 
 i honestly hope that is true , that i 'm a good enough person for that . 
 we lean back onto our chairs and stare at the stars . 
 reece wraps her sweater more tightly around her and then pulls something from her pocket . 
 `` i almost forgot , '' she tells me . 
 she hands it to me . 
 a picture in a silver frame . 
 it 's dante , gavin and me , and we 're standing in front of the sea . 
 sunshine bathes our bare shoulders and we 're wearing swimsuits . 
 i have blue and green stripes in my dark hair , an interesting , peacock-like combination . 
 it 's clear that we are having a good time because we 're all laughing . 
 it 's a candid shot , not posed . 
 gavin 's eyes are twinkling and he 's bending toward me . 
 dante is laughing at us . 
 and i wish i could remember the joke . 
 but i do n't . 
 reece watches me and i feel my lips curve into a smile , simply from the happy expression on my face in the picture . 
 it makes me feel warm inside . 
 `` dante had this , so i had a copy made for you and framed . 
 it was from a beach party this past summer . 
 i love it . 
 in fact , i love it so much that i had a copy made for me , too . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i tell her sincerely . 
 `` very much . 
 it 's like you 've handed me a piece of my life , like i have a glimpse of who i was through this picture . 
 i love it . '' 
 tears well up in my eyes and i do n't know why . 
 i wipe at them impatiently . 
 reece looks at me sympathetically . 
 `` it 's okay to be upset , '' she tells me . 
 `` anyone would be . 
 and you 're handling it so much better than most people would . 
 cut yourself some slack , mi . '' 
 and her words make me cry . 
 it 's like the barrier that i 've built around myself lately crumbles down and i gulp at the air , sucking at it like a fish on a sidewalk as i heave in wracking sobs . 
 at first reece is shocked , then she grabs me and pulls me to her . 
 she pats my back and murmurs soothingly to me as i cry . 
 and surprisingly , it feels good . 
 when i 'm finally finished and i 'm lying in reece 's lap , i feel cleansed . 
 it 's like my tears washed my anxiety away . 
 at least , temporarily . 
 and i decide that if gavin was right and i never cry , i might change that . 
 a good cry every once in a while might be a good thing . 
 a cleansing thing . 
 but i do feel bad for falling apart on reece . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i tell her . 
 `` i did n't mean to fall apart on you . '' 
 she rolls her eyes . 
 `` do you know how many times i 've fallen apart on you ? 
 trust me , i owe you a few breakdowns . '' 
 i smile and nod like i know , even though we both know that i do n't . 
 `` you know what you need ? '' 
 reece asks . 
 `` you need some ice cream . 
 with fudge and marshmallows . 
 and then a bubble bath . 
 come on . '' 
 i follow her from my bedroom , down the stairs and into the kitchen . 
 there 's a soft nightlight shining in there , like a golden beacon . 
 i love this kitchen . 
 it 's warm and cozy , definitely a room where a family thrives . 
 i do n't know why i 'm drawn to it like i am . 
 but it practically feels like the pulse of this large house beats from this room . 
 reece pulls things from the cupboard and drags a couple kinds of ice cream from a large freezer . 
 we make two of the biggest ice cream sundaes in the history of the world and then make our way out to the terrace . 
 we eat our ice cream curled up on elaborate wrought iron chairs and surrounded by fragrant flowers . 
 `` i love it here , '' reece tells me with a sigh . 
 `` everything is so beautiful . 
 i 'm going to lobby hard to finish our senior year here . 
 we 're needed here anyway . '' 
 i look at her , at my friend who seems to have such a big heart . 
 she 's innocently licking her spoon when i hear a deep voice from behind me . 
 quinn . 
 `` is this a party and i was n't invited ? '' 
 he asks this as he saunters into the gardens . 
 i think he saunters everywhere . 
 there 's simply no other way to describe the way he moves . 
 it 's fluid and confident . 
 and sexy . 
 `` nope , '' reece tells him . 
 `` but i guess it is now . 
 is n't it always a party when you 're around ? '' 
 she grins at him and their manner is relaxed and easy , like two people who have grown up together , because that 's exactly who they are . 
 they both have the same charming american accent and the same friendly way about them . 
 `` it 's so strange that you guys did n't end up together , '' i tell them . 
 reece looks over at me , startled , while quinn laughs . 
 `` did you hear that , reecie ? 
 i told you that we were perfect together . '' 
 he 's kidding though and it is apparent . 
 they are relaxed and friendly , but there is no sexual chemistry between them at and it 's hard to imagine that there ever was . 
 quinn nudges her shoulder , but he sits in the chair next to me . 
 something inside of me is happy about that , satisfied . 
 i can smell him on the breeze , an outdoorsy man smell . 
 i like it . 
 reece rolls her eyes . 
 `` i ca n't date quinn , '' she tells me . 
 `` because we know everything about each other . 
 for example , i know that he passed out when he was giving blood last year . '' 
 she laughs again and quinn glowers at her . 
 `` for the last time , '' he tells her . 
 `` the doctor said that there was a real medical reason for that-a vaso-vagal nerve reflex or something . '' 
 reece giggles . 
 `` whatever , little kittie , '' she laughs . 
 `` meow ! '' 
 i 'm staring at her , wondering why the heck my seemingly sane friend is meowing at quinn when she catches a glimpse of my face and laughs harder . 
 `` it 's a nice way of calling him a p ** sy ... cat . '' 
 she tacks the last word on as an afterthought . 
 and then i have to laugh . 
 because the p-word coming out of sweet little reece 's mouth in any context just does n't seem right . 
 and then i meow at quinn too , just because it is funny to associate him with the p-word in any way , shape or form . 
 so that is how dante finds us a few minutes later . 
 reece and i are leaned together , meowing at big , strong quinn under the light of the moon . 
 we look like lunatics , i 'm sure . 
 and we most certainly sound like it . 
 but i do n't even care . 
 i grin up at dante . 
 `` hey , d , '' i smile . 
 dante smiles back , then startles . 
 `` d ? '' 
 i look at him for a second , startled too , before i shrug . 
 `` it 's probably because i heard elena call you that earlier . '' 
 i 'm not sure , though . 
 it could be a memory . 
 i have no idea . 
 but i 'm distracted by listening to reece complain about how elena apparently calls dante `` d '' just to annoy her now , and then by listening to her lecture quinn on the fact that he needs to stay far , far away from elena because she is a mean witch who would probably eat kittens for breakfast if she could , raw and with the fur still on . 
 they both listen to her patiently . 
 and then patiently ignore her . 
 apparently , they 're accustomed to her funny little outbursts . 
 dante wraps an arm around reece 's shoulders and turns to me . 
 `` mia , are you settling in all right ? 
 is your room okay ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i love my room and the balcony . 
 thank you so much for letting us stay here . '' 
 dante waves his hand . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're here . 
 it 's like a party . 
 well , it would be if gavin were here , too . '' 
 gavin . 
 immediately , thoughts of him flood my mind and i feel guilty for sitting here with quinn and i do n't know why . 
 neither of them belong to me . 
 and i do n't answer to either of them . 
 yet whenever i 'm with one , i feel guilty about the other . 
 i sigh . 
 my life is complicated . 
 dante is tugging at reece . 
 `` i think it 's time for bed , '' he tells her . 
 `` we 've had a long day and you have n't been sleeping well . '' 
 `` that 's because i 'm jet-lagged , '' she tells him , somewhat grumpily . 
 he smiles patiently . 
 `` i know , little sunflower , '' he tells her . 
 `` and you get grumpy when you 're jetlagged . 
 that 's why you should go to bed now . 
 you 'll feel better in the morning . '' 
 she growls , but it is a harmless , delicate growl . 
 i give her a hug and tell her good night and then they are gone . 
 quinn and i are the only ones left and i stare at him . 
 `` so , you really passed out when they took your blood ? '' 
 i ask curiously . 
 i 'm trying to imagine this giant of a boy fainting . 
 his hands are so big that it seems like he could palm my head if he wanted to . 
 he grins ruefully . 
 `` i went down like a rock , '' he admits . 
 `` does that ruin your macho image of me ? '' 
 he 's still grinning , totally unconcerned . 
 he knows that it does n't ruin anything for me . 
 if anything , it makes me like him even more . 
 if that is possible . 
 but i tell him exactly the opposite . 
 `` of course it does , '' i tell him laughingly . 
 `` i 'll never look at you the same . '' 
 he is unconcerned as he moves closer to me . 
 i take a whiff of his shirt as he leans in . 
 big mistake , because now i ca n't concentrate on what he is telling me . 
 his man-smell has my hormones tap-dancing . 
 `` well , do you want to ? '' 
 quinn is looking at me and i have no idea what he asked me . 
 my attention was distracted by my stupid tap-dancing hormones . 
 `` i guess , '' i tell him , secretly praying that i 'm not agreeing to do something horrible . 
 he looks at me in amusement . 
 `` well , do n't get too excited . 
 but i think a walk would do you some good , out here in the fresh air . 
 and of course , there 's me . 
 i would do you good , too . '' 
 i suck in my breath and he laughs . 
 my hormones do jazz hands . 
 and then quinn pulls me to my feet . 
 we walk through the gardens and i ca n't help but notice that he has n't let go of my hand . 
 his is huge and strong and has callouses on the fingers . 
 my heart speeds up ; fast , faster , faster until i can hear it roaring in my ears . 
 as he guides me over a loose stone tile , i am pressed against him and i stare up at him , his eyes frozen on mine . 
 time seems to stop . 
 i can count my heart beats . 
 everything is a blur . 
 he bends his head . 
 his lips meet mine . 
 my mind gets blown . 
 for real . 
 he pulls away and stares down at me , his gaze intense and dark and smoldering . 
 yes , smoldering . 
 i urge myself to remember to breathe . 
 he grins . 
 and my knees weaken . 
 `` so , you do n't feel the need to meow now ? 
 i 'm not a p ** sy ... cat now ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you 're more like a lion , '' i tell him . 
 then i grin and kiss him again . 
 we kiss for quite a while , actually , until my hands are clutching his back and i am gasping for breath . 
 when quinn finally pulls away , he looks satisfied . 
 `` ready to walk ? '' 
 he asks casually , as though he has n't just addled every wit that i have by playing tongue twister in my mouth . 
 i nod silently , not really trusting my voice . 
 quinn is a fantastic kisser . 
 that much is true . 
 we walk in the moonlight for a half hour or so . 
 quinn tells me everything that he 's learned about the estate since he 's been here , things that i should know but do n't . 
 he shows me the building where i normally work . 
 he shows me the factory buildings where the gourmet olive oils are made . 
 and then we make the long walk back to the house . 
 i walk slowly because i do n't want the evening to end . 
 he walks me to my room and kisses me yet again . 
 and i definitely do n't want him to leave , but obviously he has to . 
 after i go inside my bedroom , i have to lean against the door for quite a while before my shaking knees feel strong enough to walk to my bed . 
 i meow at myself . 
 because i totally deserve it . 
 chapter fifteen i dream about quinn . 
 and then i dream about gavin . 
 why do they both have to be such amazingly awesome kissers ? 
 why do i have to be so freaking indecisive ? 
 why is my heart so clueless ? 
 oh my word . 
 when i wake in the morning , the sunshine is cheerful , but i 'm not . 
 because i feel like an utter loser . 
 i kissed two sexy guys in one day . 
 and i honestly do n't know which kiss i enjoyed more . 
 there 's clearly something wrong with me . 
 i jump in the shower and then get dressed . 
 and then i text reece . 
 want to go into town with me ? 
 she answers back immediately . 
 sure . 
 where are we going ? 
 to fix my hair , i text her . 
 she answers with a smiley face and i 'll be there in five . 
 reece is literally in my room in five minutes . 
 she looks at me and smiles . 
 she looks fresh and cute in a pair of cut-off jean shorts , pony-tail , snug t-shirt and a pair of cowboy boots . 
 yep . 
 cowboot boots . 
 with shorts . 
 and she totally pulls it off . 
 `` what color are you thinking ? '' 
 she asks as we wind our way downstairs . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i muse . 
 `` pink ? '' 
 she grins again . 
 `` pink has always suited you . '' 
 my mother is in the dining room having breakfast and i bend and kiss her cheek . 
 i ignore the startled look on her face and tell her that i 'm going to town . 
 `` we 'll be back in a bit ! '' 
 i tell her over my shoulder . 
 she 's still too surprised by my display of affection to say anything . 
 reece has dante 's keys to his fancy maserati . 
 i decide he must love her a lot to let her drive this car . 
 it has so many bells and whistles that i ca n't even figure all of the buttons out . 
 i settle into the passenger seat as reece drives the curvy roads into valese . 
 i also commend her on figuring out all of the buttons on this dashboard . 
 `` i grew up driving farm trucks , '' she tells me conversationally . 
 `` it took a while to get used to driving dante 's car because it 's just so nice . 
 but that 's not a problem that you have . 
 your little car is really nice , too . 
 and it 's what you learned to drive on . 
 you never had to learn on a three-on-the-tree old truck . '' 
 `` three-on-the-tree ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she nods . 
 `` it 's an old fashioned stick shift . 
 you shift the gears on a shifter on the steering column , instead of on the floor . 
 but once you learn on something like that , you can pretty much drive anything , '' she tells me cheerfully . 
 `` so it was probably a good thing . '' 
 `` i do n't know if i 'll remember how to drive , '' i tell her . 
 `` i have n't tried since the accident . '' 
 `` that 's okay , '' she answers . 
 `` we 'll go get your car later and give it a try . '' 
 i smile at her because she really is trying to make my life normal . 
 she does n't even act afraid to be the one with me when i try to drive . 
 she 's brave . 
 so i tell her that . 
 she laughs . 
 `` no , brave is waking you up before 10:00 a.m. driving with you was always a little terror-inducing , so i 'm used to it already . '' 
 i roll my eyes and laugh and we 're in town before i know it . 
 i stare out my window , watching the buildings that pass by . 
 i keep thinking that if i look at things that i should know hard enough , i 'll recognize them . 
 it has n't happened yet , though . 
 reece parks and we stroll down the main strip . 
 cute boutiques line each side of the cobblestone street . 
 people swarm in loosely woven crowds on the walk . 
 i feel like some of them stare at me . 
 `` do you think they know me ? '' 
 i ask reece . 
 she shrugs . 
 `` probably . 
 i 'm sure they know who you are . '' 
 it 's hard to ignore the stares , but i give it my best shot . 
 `` i wonder how much money i have ? '' 
 i muse curiously . 
 `` i mean , i have a credit card in my purse , but i do n't know how much i can spend on it . '' 
 reece giggles . 
 `` i do n't think it 's something you have to worry about , '' she answers . 
 `` you used to go on crazy shopping sprees and never even blinked . 
 i 'm pretty sure you just use your credit card and then your dad pays the bill . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` okay . '' 
 that seems awfully nice of my father . 
 i 'll have to remember to thank him . 
 reece pulls me into a trendy little shop and i find several cute outfits . 
 leggings and mini-skirts , flowing shirts , chunky jewelry . 
 i ca n't decide which one to get , so i get them all . 
 i need clothes anyway . 
 most of mine were destroyed in the quake and i do n't like what my mom bought for me . 
 i never knew there were so many shades of beige in the world . 
 reece looks over my haul in amazement . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` nothing . 
 there 's just not one black thing in the bunch . '' 
 that is interesting . 
 `` i guess maybe i did n't like wearing black so much as i liked the reaction i got from it , '' i muse . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but i do n't feel the urge to buy it now . '' 
 `` that 's fine , '' reece assures me . 
 `` you should buy what you want . 
 and apparently , your gut is telling you to buy a lot of hot pink . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` i want to accessorize with my hair . 
 which reminds me , we need to go have that done . '' 
 i keep one of my new outfits on , complete with a cute pair of canvas sneakers and fingerless gloves . 
 i feel trendy and sort of skater-chic . 
 reece leads me out and down the street to a little spa . 
 i do n't have an appointment , but once i tell them my name , they fit me right in . 
 apparently , dante 's not the only one around here that gets special treatment . 
 hmm . 
 perhaps being the daughter of the minister of defense comes in handy . 
 except for when people stare at me in public , that is . 
 within a couple of hours , my hair is two shades darker with hot pink streaks threaded through it . 
 i stare in satisfaction in the mirror . 
 `` i love it , '' i assure my stylist . 
 `` it seems so cheerful and happy . '' 
 reece smiles at me . 
 `` you look like yourself again-but with different clothes . 
 i love the new look , mia . '' 
 `` so do i , '' i tell her happily . 
 `` i feel like i 'm on the way to figuring out who i am . 
 whoever said retail therapy does n't work is insane . '' 
 `` i agree . 
 it works like a charm for me every time . 
 are you hungry ? 
 there 's a bunch of little bistros and cafes down the street . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i 'm famished . 
 spending money apparently works up an appetite . '' 
 she links her arm through mine and we make our way to a little area on the other end of the street that is surrounded by restaurants . 
 there is an open air seating area in the middle , apparently shared by all of the bistros . 
 we grab a sandwich and then head for a table . 
 and as we walk , i hear a tinkling , familiar laugh . 
 i turn my head and find elena . 
 and she is sitting on gavin 's lap . 
 i freeze , my feet unable to continue walking . 
 elena is perched delicately against gavin 's chest and she is giggling into his ear . 
 he is laughing too , because gavin is almost always laughing . 
 he seems perfectly happy to have her on his lap , pressed against him . 
 he is definitely not making any move to get her off . 
 he seems to be enjoying himself , actually . 
 reece is staring too . 
 `` um ... '' she stutters . 
 she has no idea what to say . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i tell her . 
 `` seriously . 
 i do n't own him . '' 
 but it feels like someone has impaled my heart . 
 and i do n't even know why . 
 i truly do n't own him . 
 he owes me no explanations . 
 but it feels like he just yanked my heart out and drop-kicked it . 
 i head over in their direction . 
 `` mia , you have to keep in mind , gavin is different than us . 
 he 's so easy-going . 
 he pretty much goes with the flow in any situation . 
 i 'm sure he 's thinking nothing of this . '' 
 reece has found her tongue now . 
 i nod , but i 'm not really listening . 
 instead , i march up to the table next to them and set my tray down . 
 gavin is startled and then surprised and i can tell that he is really wishing now that elena was n't on his lap . 
 tough crunch . 
 she is , so he needs to answer for it . 
 okay . 
 maybe i 've changed my mind . 
 i guess i do want an answer . 
 but i do n't ask for it . 
 instead , i smile cheerfully at them . 
 `` hey , guys . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 gavin does n't push elena off , but instead , he leans around her to talk to me . 
 `` i like the hair , '' he tells me with a grin . 
 `` i just bumped into elena and she decided to sit with me . '' 
 `` you mean , on you ? '' 
 i correct him . 
 his smile falters . 
 he can see that i 'm annoyed . 
 elena chooses to move now and she smiles at me . 
 i ca n't see anything malicious in her smile , although i might be wrong . 
 `` hi , mia , '' she tells me . 
 she completely ignores reece . 
 `` hi , '' i answer . 
 but honestly , i 'm not really interested in anything she has to say . 
 she looks gorgeous today , as usual . 
 she 's got a revealing tank top on that plunges to a low v in the front and in the back . 
 i love the shirt . 
 i just wish that she did n't look so perfect in it while she was on gavin 's lap . 
 her hair and make-up is perfect , as always , and truly , you can barely see the scar on her cheek now . 
 gavin hands me a little boutique bag . 
 `` i got you a gift . 
 i hope you like it , '' he says . 
 and his voice is hopeful . 
 i 'm not sure if he 's hopeful that i 'm not mad for finding elena on his lap or if he 's hopeful that i 'll simply like his gift . 
 and reece might actually be right . 
 he does n't seem unsettled at all that i found them like this . 
 maybe he really did n't think anything of it . 
 but that 's a little unsettling to me . 
 because i do n't like it . 
 it 's okay to be friends with members of the opposite sex . 
 but if you like someone else , you really should n't have other girls sitting on your lap . 
 that 's just my opinion . 
 however , i do n't voice that right now . 
 instead , i peer into the bag and see a white oblong box . 
 i lift it out and pull off the box top and find a silver watch . 
 it is relatively simple and slender , with a feminine band and a diamond on the 12 and the 6 . 
 it 's gorgeous . 
 `` it 's inscribed , '' gavin tells me . 
 i flip the watch over and on the back it reads it 's always gavin time . 
 i forget my agitation with him momentarily and laugh . 
 i ca n't help it . 
 he 's so completely arrogant , but charmingly so . 
 he makes it so hard to stay mad . 
 `` it 's beautiful , '' i tell him . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i start to put it on , but gavin shoves my hand away and fastens it for me . 
 and then he lifts my hand to his lips and kisses it . 
 he lets his lips linger on my skin , warm and soft . 
 and he 's staring into my eyes and anyone in the vicinity can feel the atmosphere change around us . 
 it 's sexually charged . 
 i know it . 
 reece knows it . 
 and elena certainly knows it . 
 i can see the interest on her face now and i doubt that 's a good thing . 
 she has a strange smile pasted on her face as she watches us . 
 but i 'll worry about that later . 
 for now , i 've got other things to worry about . 
 like how to stay mad at gavin . 
 but that turns out to be an exercise in futility . 
 he has me snapped out of my anger within ten minutes and we sit and chat with him for at least an hour more . 
 elena pretends that reece does n't exist , and reece keeps her back to elena . 
 but other than that , everything feels normal . 
 gavin has the ability to make anyplace feel like a party . 
 we 're laughing and joking and talking to the strangers sitting around us and i feel infinitely at peace . 
 that is , until elena gets up to leave . 
 she tells me goodbye , ignores reece and then she bends to kiss gavin on both cheeks in the normal european fashion . 
 but her kisses linger . 
 and her hands brush over his chest . 
 then she pushes her boobs against him . 
 and when she turns , her eyes meet mine and i see something unsettling there , lurking beneath the fake friendliness and sparkling emerald depths . 
 a challenge . 
 chapter sixteen `` i do n't know what to do , '' i tell reece on the way home . 
 `` i just do n't know what to do . 
 i love so many things about gavin . 
 i love how he knows me . 
 i love how he gets me . 
 i love how he makes everyone feel so comfortable at any given time . 
 but that same exact thing is a curse , too . 
 look at this episode with elena . 
 rather than push her off his lap , he rolled with the punches and ate it up . 
 would he be that same way if we dated ? 
 because i would n't be okay with random girls sitting on his lap . '' 
 reece glances at me . 
 `` okay , is it time for me to answer you now ? 
 because i 've tried four times and you have n't stopped talked long enough for me to get a word in edgewise . '' 
 i smile sheepishly . 
 `` i know . 
 i think i must chatter when i 'm nervous . '' 
 `` you do , '' she confirms . 
 `` but in answer to your monologue , this is just what gavin is like . 
 you 're right about all of the traits that you just named . 
 and he is very loyal to his friends . 
 that 's something else positive about him . 
 and honestly , i have no idea what gavin is like with a girlfriend . 
 he 's always been a player - or ever since i 've known him , anyway . 
 he 's never been serious enough to get involved with a girl for any amount of time . 
 he 's accidentally left a long trail of broken hearts behind him . '' 
 i slump against the seat . 
 `` this is n't helping . '' 
 reece stares at me sympathetically for a minute before she watches the road again . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 it 's a hard choice . 
 they 've each got pretty great qualities . '' 
 `` can you tell me more about quinn ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i mean , something that you have n't told me yet ? '' 
 reece thinks about it for a minute . 
 `` well , he 's loyal , too . 
 he dated my friend becca for years . 
 and even though most of the girls in school had it bad for him , he never cheated on her . 
 ever . 
 he 's good at everything he does . 
 he rides bulls in competitions with becca 's brother , connor . 
 and he wins . 
 and of course , he 's a good football player . 
 he 'll probably go to college on a football scholarship . 
 he loves animals , also . 
 he wants to be a veterinarian . '' 
 `` so , he must have a big heart , '' i muse . 
 reece nods . 
 `` very big , '' she tells me . 
 `` i remember our freshman year . 
 we had this really small kid in our freshman class . 
 he was always getting picked on by the upperclassmen football players . 
 they kept shoving him into trashcans in the locker room , or closing him in lockers . 
 you know , stupid neanderthal jock crap . 
 well , one day , quinn found the kid , mike , in the office getting an ice pack from the nurse . 
 apparently , when the older boys shoved him into a locker that day , they had broken three of his fingers . 
 quinn took care of it the next day . '' 
 `` how ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` quinn started walking everywhere with mike . 
 through the halls , sitting with him at lunch , etc etc. . 
 and when the upperclassmen still tried to give mike crap , quinn told them they 'd have to go through him first if they wanted to keep messing with mike . 
 and they did n't want to . 
 quinn was a big bruiser even as a freshman . '' 
 `` what happened to mike ? '' 
 i ask . 
 reece smiles . 
 `` well , mikey is now quinn 's best friend in the world . 
 he actually had a growth spurt so he 's a bit taller than he was . 
 quinn got him playing ball and now he 's our quarterback , actually . 
 and he never bullies the freshman the way he was bullied . '' 
 `` that 's a nice story , '' i tell her . 
 `` i bet mike will pay it forward . 
 he 'll probably do nice things for other people because he 'll always remember how nice quinn was to him . '' 
 reece nods . 
 `` he 's already paid it forward , tons of times . 
 he 's a good guy . 
 just like quinn . 
 quinn is the kind of guy that makes you want to be a better person . 
 he 's got such a. . . 
 good soul . 
 i do n't know how else to describe it . 
 he 's got a pure heart , through and through . '' 
 `` i can see that about him , '' i admit to her . 
 `` i really can . '' 
 `` so , please , mi . 
 do n't hurt him . 
 i know he seems like a player . 
 and he 's inadvertently broken a few hearts , but he did n't mean to . 
 i would really hate to see him get hurt , even if it was on accident . '' 
 `` what should i do ? '' 
 i whisper to her as we turn onto the giliberti property . 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` what would you do ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she shakes her head again . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i 'm horrible at this stuff . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` what good are you ? '' 
 i tease . 
 she shrugs . 
 `` well , i always know when to bring you chocolate . '' 
 `` true . 
 that 's a good enough reason alone to keep you . '' 
 as we pull up into the circular drive in front of the house , i see quinn sitting on the huge wrap-around porch with dante . 
 they appear to be deep in conversation and they are laughing . 
 that 's a good sign . 
 and truly , there should be a law or something against two such good-looking boys being in one spot . 
 they make it hard to concentrate . 
 as we cross the lawn to them , they look up and see us and both grin at the same time . 
 i think the heavens open up and the angels sing . 
 okay , that might be an exaggeration . 
 but that 's definitely what happened in my head . 
 their smiles are just that gorgeous and bright . 
 and quinn 's is sexily crooked . 
 `` hey girls ! '' 
 dante calls out . 
 `` did you leave anything in the stores or did you buy it all ? '' 
 we are carting a lot of bags . 
 i am woman enough to admit that . 
 the boys get up and help us carry it into the house . 
 as they do , quinn turns to me . 
 `` you look really pretty , '' he tells me . 
 `` i 'm glad the stripes are back . '' 
 his eyes are sparkling mischievously , but his expression is sincere . 
 `` thank you , '' i tell him . 
 `` i feel more like myself . 
 i think . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` you 've definitely got your swagger back , '' he tells me . 
 dante turns around in front of us . 
 `` i was just saying that we should have a beach party tonight to try and forget about our stress for a bit . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 `` i 'm all for it , '' quinn chimes in . 
 reece laughs . 
 `` quinn , you 've never met a party yet that you did n't like , '' she accuses laughingly . 
 he does n't deny it . 
 instead , he helps me carry my bags to my room . 
 as we walk in , he looks around . 
 i 'm thankful that i did n't leave any panties lying around . 
 `` see something you like ? '' 
 i ask teasingly . 
 he grins . 
 `` maybe , '' he answers . 
 `` what do you think about the beach party tonight ? '' 
 short pause . 
 he stares at me . 
 i have no idea what he 's waiting for . 
 i shrug as i drop my bag on the bag . 
 `` it sounds fun , '' i tell him . 
 `` you 're going , right ? '' 
 he grins . 
 `` i 've apparently never met a party that i did n't like , '' he tells me charmingly . 
 `` i can see that about you , '' i reply . 
 `` so , you 'll be there ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` i would n't miss it . '' 
 another long pause . 
 then he gives me an ornery gaze and then he 's gone . 
 when reece and i are ready to leave later in the evening , dante is waiting for us on the porch . 
 but quinn is nowhere to be found . 
 `` where 's quinn ? '' 
 i ask curiously . 
 dante shakes his head . 
 `` he left earlier , but he 'll meet us there . '' 
 `` how will he know where to go ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` he 's not that familiar with valese yet , is he ? '' 
 dante looks amused . 
 `` well , elena picked him up . 
 so i 'm guessing she 'll show him the way . '' 
 reece and i both freeze and stare at dante . 
 he holds his hands up innocently . 
 `` hey , do n't look at me . 
 he 's a big boy - he can do what he wants . '' 
 reece narrows her eyes . 
 `` but you let him go with her ? 
 she 's a viper . 
 she 'll eat him up for breakfast and then ask for more . '' 
 dante does n't seem concerned . 
 `` i thought she ate kittens for breakfast ? '' 
 he teases . 
 `` besides , if he 's still with her for breakfast , i doubt he 'll care if she asks for seconds . '' 
 reece squeals and smacks his arm and i gulp . 
 i ignore their bantering as i try not to physically cringe . 
 how could quinn have gone with elena ? 
 did he not think it was important enough to mention that when i asked him if he was going ? 
 instead of being quiet and staring at me , he could 've brought that small fact to my attention . 
 so apparently , i 'm not going to have to choose between gavin and quinn . 
 the choice has been made for me . 
 i 'm not sure if i 'm relieved about that or not . 
 i do n't think i am . 
 i try not to think of it as we drive to the beach and then walk over the sandy dunes . 
 the party is far back from the public beaches , secluded on private property . 
 i 'm told that i 've been to many of these parties . 
 i do n't remember a one . 
 but when we arrive , it looks like a good time . 
 tons of kids are already here , laughing and playing around . 
 i do n't remember any of them , although i do recognize a few from when they visited me in the hospital . 
 a group of boys is throwing a ball back and forth . 
 a group of girls is watching . 
 another co-ed group is splashing in the surf . 
 there are huge containers of beer and wine-coolers buried in ice . 
 there are tables of food , mostly fresh seafood and bread . 
 there are bonfires . 
 and i love the atmosphere here . 
 it 's happy and carefree . 
 the flickering bonfires in the dying sunlight provides the perfect ambience for a beach party . 
 i unfold a chair and sit in it . 
 reece sticks a wine cooler in my hand . 
 `` your favorite , '' she tells me . 
 `` just do n't have twelve of them . '' 
 she gives me a stern look , making me wonder if i have a drinking problem or something . 
 and then she settles into the chair next to me while dante gets in on the ball-throwing action . 
 the boys , by this point , are taking off their shirts . 
 and not because it 's hot outside , either . 
 next to the sea , the breeze is actually a bit chilly today , but they 're stripping down anyway . 
 i shake my head . 
 the male species is so crazy sometimes . 
 dante leaves his shirt on though and reece shakes her head regretfully . 
 `` there comes a time when that boy needs to let loose with the rest of them , '' she tells me . 
 `` he 's so happy to be home , though . '' 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 `` are you happy to be here instead of home in kansas ? '' 
 reece picks at the label on her bottle and thinks about that for a minute . 
 `` i love it here , '' she finally says . 
 `` even though when we were in kansas , it felt like dante was removed a bit from the pressures of being who he is , which was good , i think i still love being here more . 
 i mean , of course i miss my mom and becca and my grandparents , but there 's just something about caberra that made me fall in love with it . 
 honestly , though , i would be happy wherever dante is . 
 i know , that sounds corny . 
 but it is true . '' 
 and i know that dante feels the same way . 
 i can see it in the way his gaze seems to find her periodically no matter what he 's doing . 
 he checks on her and i think it 's sweet . 
 and once again , jealousy rears its ugly head . 
 i really do hope that someday , someone looks at me the way dante looks at reece . 
 honestly , no sooner have i had that thought when a pair of dark , twinkling eyes meet mine from across a crowd of boys . 
 gavin . 
 he 's standing against one of the coolers talking with another boy that i do n't know . 
 he 's got on a pair of black shorts and a white shirt , unbuttoned at the neck and rolled at the sleeves . 
 he 's barefoot and he 's gorgeous . 
 he looks like a swimwear model for a european magazine . 
 that 's how gorgeous he is . 
 i smile automatically as his eyes meet mine . 
 he smiles back . 
 and my heart flutters like a thousand butterflies . 
 `` well , well , '' reece drawls , watching the silent exchange . 
 `` look who is forgiven . '' 
 i roll my eyes at her . 
 `` you said it yourself . 
 he did n't mean anything by it . 
 he 's a natural flirt . 
 he does n't want elena . '' 
 i twist my new watch on my arm . 
 i can practically feel his name pressing into my skin . 
 it 's always gavin time . 
 i almost giggle again just thinking it , but then i realize that it 's fairly true . 
 i 'm always in the mood for gavin . 
 that has to say something , right ? 
 i make my way toward him . 
 he meets me in the middle . 
 `` hi , '' he says softly . 
 `` nice bling . 
 was it a gift ? '' 
 he motions toward my watch . 
 i smile . 
 `` yeah . 
 this guy i know gave it to me . '' 
 gavin raises an eyebrow . 
 `` oh , really ? 
 do i need to do some ass-kicking ? 
 he seems like a pretty awesome guy . 
 i do n't want any competition . '' 
 i laugh and he laughs and then he links his arm with mine . 
 `` let 's walk , '' he suggests . 
 as we walk away from the crowd and toward the water , i catch sight of quinn and elena approaching the party . 
 she is draped over his arm and he looks to be enjoying it . 
 of course , to be fair , he 's a red-blooded guy and her boobs are pressed into his arm . 
 of course he 's going to enjoy it . 
 i swallow hard and try not to plot murderous things against elena and her boobs . 
 i 'm walking with gavin , i remind myself . 
 quinn and elena do n't matter to me . 
 but as we pass them and quinn 's eyes meet mine in a smoldering stare , i know that he does matter . 
 a lot . 
 i fight the urge to turn around and look at him again . 
 and i win . 
 i do n't look . 
 take that , self-control . 
 somehow , i am able to focus on gavin and our walk and the beautiful beach . 
 i put quinn out of my mind . 
 once or twice , i glance in his direction and find elena laughing into his ear . 
 once , his arm is even snaked around her waist and at that , i squeeze my eyes shut and turn away . 
 it 's the last time i peek at him . 
 gavin looks at me now , a bit of concern on his handsome face . 
 `` is everything alright ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 `` you seem distracted . '' 
 he leads me to a huge piece of driftwood and sits me down . 
 he sits so close that his thigh presses into mine . 
 i like the feeling . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i lie . 
 `` it 's weird , knowing that i 've been to a bunch of these parties and i do n't remember any of them . 
 not a thing . '' 
 gavin studies me for a second . 
 then he brushes a thumb against my cheek . 
 his eyes are soft as he stares into mine . 
 `` want me to help ? '' 
 he asks quietly . 
 `` i can tell you what you normally do at these parties . '' 
 i stare at him for a moment . 
 i know that whatever is going to come out of his mouth will be utter bullshit but i ca n't stop myself . 
 i nod . 
 `` okay . 
 what do i usually do ? '' 
 gavin stares out to sea for a minute , then turns back to me , picking up my hand . 
 `` well , first you usually eat dinner with me . 
 we grab some fresh crab legs because you love them . 
 i have oysters because , well , you know what they say about oysters and the libido . 
 then , you drink about a dozen wine coolers . 
 and then , at some point in the evening , you get sick . 
 and i spend a chunk of time hunting for someone else to babysit you so that i do n't have to hold your hair back while you vomit . 
 that 's what usually happens . 
 so , i would suggest not drinking too many tonight . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 i guess he really is telling the truth . 
 i was a party girl . 
 hmm . 
 `` good advice , '' i tell him . 
 `` so , you need to eat oysters for your libido ? 
 your libido is n't strong enough without an aphrodisiac ? '' 
 gavin stares at me for a second , before he bursts out laughing . 
 `` touche , '' he tells me . 
 `` trust me , my libido is healthy and thriving . 
 also , i forgot to mention one thing that you always , always do at these parties . '' 
 and now i know to disregard whatever comes out of his mouth next because his eyes are twinkling , his mouth is curving up . 
 but i still smile and ask what it is . 
 `` you always go skinny-dipping with me , '' he says impishly . 
 `` always . '' 
 it 's my turn to burst out laughing now . 
 `` you 're crazy , '' i tell him . 
 `` i call bullshit . 
 you 're insane . '' 
 he nods solemnly . 
 `` i know , '' he tells me , unconcerned . 
 `` but you love me anyway . '' 
 and i do love him . 
 i realize that right now . 
 i do n't know what way i love him , but i do love him . 
 whether he 's the familiar brother that i never had or ultra-hot boyfriend material remains to be seen . 
 but one way or another , i love him . 
 it 's a startling , yet comforting feeling . 
 chapter seventeen i restrain myself and only have two wine coolers . 
 i ca n't imagine drinking any more than that , because honestly , i do n't enjoy the taste . 
 but reece and dante both seem proud of me for my restraint , so i decide that i definitely must 've been a wild party girl of some sort . 
 gavin had been telling the truth , after all . 
 night falls quickly out here overlooking the water and i watch the sun sink down over the horizon in an explosion of gorgeous colors that ricochet off the water and bathe everything in gorgeous light . 
 reece wraps her arm around my shoulders . 
 `` what do you think , mi ? '' 
 she asks . 
 it 's an open ended question . 
 `` about what ? 
 how the world began ? 
 i think it was divine design . 
 about world relations ? 
 i think that caberra is in a good place - both economically and politically . 
 i know the prime minister , so i feel good about that . '' 
 i 'm joking now and reece rolls her eyes . 
 `` i meant , what do you think about your life ? '' 
 she says . 
 `` oh , '' i answer . 
 `` and i thought you were asking a big question . '' 
 she laughs now , but she waits for my answer . 
 because she 's my friend , she 's actually interested . 
 drat . 
 i have to give her a thoughtful answer . 
 um . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i admit to her . 
 `` i honestly do n't . 
 i think about it all the time , because i ca n't help it . 
 i 'm constantly wondering how the new me compares to the old me and which one is actually me . 
 it 's confusing and exhausting . 
 like tonight , it would seem that i used to be a party girl . 
 but i honestly do n't feel the need to get wild or crazy . 
 it 's like i 've spun around in a 180 from the girl i used to be . 
 and i wonder if it 's partially because of the head injury . 
 i mean , will i go back to normal ? 
 or was my old `` normal '' just a facade ? 
 was i pretending to be someone that i was n't ? 
 i just do n't know and it is frustrating . '' 
 i pause here and take a breath . 
 reece stares at me . 
 her eyes are wide and blue and i can see empathy in them , even though it 's dark . 
 `` do n't feel sorry for me , '' i tell her . 
 `` seriously . '' 
 `` i do n't , '' she answers . 
 `` i just sort of know how you feel . '' 
 i raise an eyebrow . 
 `` you 've had amnesia ? '' 
 she laughs . 
 `` no , but i 've had an identity crisis . 
 when dante and i first got together , i felt a little lost . 
 there i was , in love with caberra 's ` prince ' , but i was - and still am - a farm girl from kansas . 
 i 'm not from a big , fancy family . 
 i did n't even know how to act at those black tie functions that dante always has to attend . 
 if it were n't for you , i would 've been totally lost . 
 but i eventually figured out that no matter what situation i am in , i am always me . 
 and that will always include the fact that i am a kansas farm girl , born and bred . 
 i will always eat steak sauce on my steak and wear cowboy boots and i will always feel more comfortable in worn out jeans than a ball gown . 
 but that 's okay - because that 's what makes me , me . 
 your feisty spirit makes you , you . 
 you will always be witty and slightly rebellious . 
 no matter how you choose to act , or who you choose to be , you will always be that sassy person that we all love . '' 
 `` i do feel sassy , '' i tell her . 
 `` so that must be an innate trait of mine . '' 
 `` yes , '' she smiles . 
 `` it is . 
 now , where did our boys get to ? '' 
 our boys ? 
 i turn with her and search out the crowd . 
 quinn is sitting next to elena and they are deep in conversation . 
 he does n't see me watching and that is fine . 
 dante and gavin are standing together on the edge of the crowd . 
 gavin instantly catches my eye and grins . 
 and i am instantly reminded that his grin is knee-weakening . 
 `` he 's got a gorgeous smile , '' i remark offhandedly to reece . 
 `` yup , '' she agrees . 
 `` and he knows how to use it . '' 
 `` yup , '' i answer . 
 because he so , so does . 
 dante motions to reece to come join him and gavin makes his way to me . 
 he grins as he approaches , and i feel a little like a lion and its prey . 
 gavin does n't look away the entire time he is walking . 
 his dark eyes are fixed on me . 
 `` so , '' he drawls as he stops next to me . 
 `` about that skinny-dipping thing ? 
 i honestly think you 'll feel more like yourself if you start doing things that you used to do . 
 i 'm no doctor , but it makes sense . 
 do n't you think ? '' 
 i smile . 
 `` maybe , '' i say playfully and gavin 's eyes instantly fill with hope . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i shrug and decide to throw caution to the wind . 
 `` sure . 
 why not ? 
 everyone else is back over that way and it 's just you and me here . 
 and apparently , we used to do this all the time . 
 so , it 's not like it 's anything you have n't seen before . '' 
 i know as well as he does that we 've never skinny-dipped . 
 and he looks a bit startled now , but then he masks it and returns to his ultra-cocky self . 
 `` great , '' he tells me . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're up for it . '' 
 what he really means is , challenge accepted . 
 he 's not going to back down . 
 and neither am i. i smile . 
 `` great , '' i say . 
 i walk down to the water and start unbuttoning my shorts . 
 the moonlight hits the water in ripples and makes it seem black , instead of the blue that i know it is . 
 it 's chilly and as i shrug out of my shirt , the breeze sends goose bumps forming down my arms . 
 i rub them as i turn to gavin . 
 `` why are you still dressed ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i know the answer is because he was watching me undress . 
 but i pretend to not know that . 
 `` um , no reason , '' he says as he kicks off his shorts and unbuttons his shirt . 
 he peels it off and then we 're left staring at each other in our underwear . 
 he 's very muscular in a tall and slender way . 
 probably from swimming so much . 
 i 'm still wearing my bra and i suddenly feel exhilarated - although i do n't know if it is from standing in front of gavin in my panties or whether it is from all the rippling muscles on his abs . 
 it 's one or the other , though . 
 `` come on , '' i tell him . 
 i turn for the sea and strip off my underwear and bra at the water 's edge , tossing it behind me into the sand . 
 i dive into the water headfirst , allowing the cold water to rush over my nak * d skin . 
 i love this feeling . 
 it 's like i have no restrictions , no inhibitions and i 'm totally free . 
 i splash to the surface and turn to find gavin right in front of me . 
 his wet arms slide against mine and my breath freezes on my lips . 
 his gaze is dark . 
 his smile is wicked . 
 and so is mine . 
 `` come here , '' he tells me , pulling me to him . 
 i slide against him , and every inch of us is nak * d and pressed together . 
 every inch . 
 my heart pounds as he kisses me . 
 his hands are pressed into my back , pushing me closer into his chest . 
 his fingers are warm while the rest of us is cold from the sea . 
 the moon shines onto us , making our skin seem silver in the dark . 
 his lips slide away from mine , leaving my breath ragged and panty . 
 `` kiss me again , '' i instruct him , wrapping my arms around his neck . 
 `` done , '' he whispers . 
 he lifts me up and i wrap my legs around his waist and he 's pressing against me there . 
 and i like it . 
 i do n't take the time to wonder what that makes me . 
 instead , i just kiss him again and again . 
 an image of quinn pops into my head , but it is quickly overshadowed by an image of quinn with elena . 
 quinn made the choice , i did n't . 
 gavin is right for me . 
 i can feel it . 
 and i 'm pretty sure it 's not the wine-coolers talking . 
 i only had two . 
 he knows me . 
 really knows me . 
 and that 's got to be right for me in a time when i do n't know myself . 
 his breath is ragged now , his heart pounding against my chest . 
 his gaze is inky black in the night . 
 `` mia , '' he whispers . 
 and he opens his mouth to say something else , but we are interrupted by flashing lights . 
 white pops of light . 
 what the hell ? 
 i 'm disoriented for a minute , looking around to see where the light is coming from . 
 `` go , '' gavin yells to me , pushing me toward the shore . 
 and then he 's gone . 
 i ca n't even see where he went . 
 i 'm confused and then i see dark shadows moving on the shore with the white light . 
 cameras . 
 someone is taking our picture . 
 i 'm astounded . 
 everything is happening in blurs and i do n't even know what to do but sink into the water so that whoever it is ca n't see me nak * d . 
 it 's all so disorienting . 
 and then quinn is striding toward me . 
 his face is grim and set and he is taking off his shirt as he plows into the water . 
 he does n't even slow down . 
 when he reaches me , he stares down at me . 
 `` oh , the messes you get yourself into , '' he says quietly . 
 he scoops me out of the water and drapes his shirt around me . 
 and then he carries me out of the sea . 
 men in suits have chased away the people with cameras . 
 dante 's security detail , apparently . 
 and i see gavin on the beach , pulling his clothes on . 
 he starts to talk to me , but i interrupt , still ensconced in quinn 's arms . 
 `` you left me ! '' 
 i snapped . 
 gavin looks surprised . 
 `` what would you have me do ? '' 
 he asks , still clearly surprised . 
 `` they wanted our pictures . 
 if our parents saw those pictures , we 'd be in serious trouble . '' 
 `` who are they ? '' 
 i ask , still aware that quinn has n't set me down . 
 i can feel his strong arms encircling my nak * d body . 
 his heat is scorching . 
 or that might be my temper . 
 i ca n't tell . 
 `` they are trying to get our pictures for their gossip sites , '' gavin tells me . 
 `` they like to sneak out here when they think we might be having a party to catch unruly behavior on film . '' 
 and it dawns on him that these are things that i do n't remember . 
 `` oh , god . 
 mia , i 'm so sorry . 
 i forgot that you would n't know what was going on . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i thought you would know to run for cover . 
 i guess i did leave you . '' 
 he is genuinely apologetic . 
 but that does n't change the fact that he left me . 
 and i 'm fairly certain that when i was standing there like a deer in the headlights , they got many pictures of me . 
 naked . 
 ohlord . 
 `` can you take me home ? '' 
 i ask quinn . 
 he nods . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he does n't put me down , he just turns and walks over the sand dunes with me in his arms . 
 i ignore gavin 's shouts from behind us as i look up at quinn . 
 `` you can put me down , '' i tell him . 
 `` i should get my clothes . 
 they 're on the beach . '' 
 as if on cue , reece jogs up with my clothing in her arms . 
 `` i 've got her , reecie , '' quinn says before she can even speak . 
 she nods . 
 `` okay . 
 i just thought mia might want to get dressed before you go back to the house . '' 
 of course i do . 
 i ca n't imagine the look on my mom 's face if i walk - or get carried - into giliberti house as nak * d as the day i was born . 
 `` thank you , reece , '' i sigh . 
 `` i guess some things do n't change . 
 i 'm still getting myself into messes . '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` gavin should n't have left you . 
 he feels terrible though . 
 i 'll see you at the house . 
 here 's dante 's keys . 
 you can take his car . 
 i 'll find dante and then meet you there . 
 i 'll have gavin drop us off . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` thank you - take your time . '' 
 she ducks back into the night and i see her blonde hair fading into the dark . 
 quinn still has n't put me down . 
 `` there are bath houses up ahead , '' he tells me . 
 `` you can go inside and change without worrying about someone else taking a picture . 
 i 'll guard the door . '' 
 i am instantly relieved and indebted to him and impressed with his consideration . 
 i am all of these things at once . 
 and because there are so many things , i do n't even know how to express them . 
 so i just nod and say , `` thanks . '' 
 quinn grins down at me . 
 `` sure thing , tiny tot . '' 
 he puts me down in the doorway of one of the little bath-houses and i very quickly pull on my clothes . 
 when i walk back out , he is still alone , leaning against the wall of the building . 
 he 's so big , but he 's got such a big heart , too . 
 `` i will always remember you plunging into the water to save me , '' i tell him quietly . 
 `` especially because you do n't know how to swim . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` it was n't that big of a deal , '' he tells me . 
 `` seriously . 
 the water was only chest deep . 
 i saw you out there looking so confused and i knew i had to come get you . 
 i had clothes on , '' he reminds me . 
 `` you did n't . 
 that made it a little easier for me to walk in front of everyone . 
 what possessed you to go skinny-dipping , anyway ? 
 you had to know that you guys are constantly watched for photo ops . 
 if dante 's there , there 's going to be photographers . '' 
 `` i forgot , '' i told him . 
 `` i did n't remember that . '' 
 and i feel deflated . 
 i feel the total opposite of how exhilarated i felt when i was in the water . 
 i still feel nak * d , though-just in a different way . 
 `` of course you did n't remember , '' quinn says . 
 `` someone should have reminded you . '' 
 he 's sympathetic now . 
 and i hate that . 
 but i do n't say anything . 
 we ride to giliberti house in silence . 
 the irony that quinn is driving dante 's car is n't lost on me . 
 i ca n't help but constantly feel surprised at how well they get along now , when i know that they were on rocky terms at first . 
 `` what 's with you and dante ? '' 
 i ask as quinn pulls into the giliberti drive . 
 he glances over at me . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` you get along so well , '' i point out . 
 `` i figured that since you used to have a thing for reece that you and dante would butt heads . '' 
 quinn laughs , a sound that is husky and rich in the night . 
 even his laugh has an american accent . 
 i like it . 
 `` dante and i are fine , '' he tells me . 
 `` he did n't know what to think of me at first , but once he realized that reece and i are n't a thing , he was fine . 
 he 's really easy to get along with . '' 
 `` as are you , '' i tell him . 
 `` well , that 's what i 'm told , '' he tells me as he uncurls himself from behind the wheel . 
 he comes around the car to open my door , like a gentleman . 
 i love that , too . 
 he opens my door and helps me from the car and then walks me up the manicured sidewalk . 
 he does n't dwell on the fact that i was skinny-dipping and that he bailed me out . 
 he 'll never know how grateful i am . 
 so i tell him . 
 he shakes his head again . 
 `` it was n't a problem , '' he tells me again . 
 `` you would 've done the same for me . '' 
 and i would have . 
 i really would have . 
 that makes me happy . 
 maybe i really am a bad-ass . 
 `` why did you go to the party with elena ? '' 
 i ask him suddenly , before i lose my bad-ass nerve . 
 he looks startled . 
 `` because she asked me . 
 you did n't , '' he points out . 
 `` why did you go with gavin ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` i did n't . 
 i went with reece and dante . '' 
 `` but you went skinny dipping with gavin , '' quinn reminds me . 
 `` that was just me being impetuous , '' i tell him . 
 he stares down at me , his sandy blonde hair curling up at his neck . 
 `` well , maybe me going to the party with elena was impetuous , too . '' 
 he 's still staring at me , strong and silent in the dark . 
 we 're lingering in the doorway of the house , each of us hesitant to open the door and end this conversation . 
 the whole mood feels like an open-ended sentence . 
 and i want it to keep on going . 
 with quinn . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'm supposed to want , '' i admit to him . 
 his eyes are like liquid chocolate as he assesses me . 
 he seems pensive . 
 `` well , you 're the only one who can figure that out , '' he finally tells me . 
 and i know he is right . 
 `` i 'm just so confused , '' i murmur . 
 `` and i hate that . '' 
 `` well , tiny tot , do n't stress so much about figuring it out , '' quinn says . 
 `` when you 're ready , the answer will be clear . 
 you 'll know what you want . '' 
 `` i will ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i watch his lips as he speaks . 
 `` you will , '' he assures me . 
 `` trust me . '' 
 and as i picture his strong arms carrying me out of the sea while i was wrapped in his shirt , i know that i do . 
 i do trust him . 
 it 's a good feeling . 
 chapter eighteen i see a side to my mother this morning that i wish could have stayed locked in my lost memories . 
 she 's so furious about the pictures taken of me last night that she looks like she could just spit . 
 in fact , she accidentally does spit on my cheek as she hisses angry words . 
 i wipe it away and patiently listen to her tirade . 
 and as she says something about me embarrassing her and my father , a memory slams into me . 
 you 're an embarrassment . 
 i inhale sharply as a few more blurred and jagged memories come rushing back . 
 i see a few faces and images and colors and it leaves me feeling nauseous and overwhelmed in a sea of emotion . 
 `` we fought that day , '' i whisper . 
 my knuckles are white as i fist them in my lap . 
 my mother looks at me from my bedroom windows . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she is startled now . 
 `` the day of the earthquake . 
 you told me that i embarrassed you . 
 we fought and i left . 
 i was supposed to have been in my bedroom , but i sneaked away to go diving with gavin . '' 
 `` you remember ? '' 
 she asks , her face pale . 
 my mom is a small woman , and she looks severe today with her dark hair pulled into a tight chignon at her neck . 
 i nod . 
 `` i remember . 
 that much , anyway . 
 but it 's something . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' she sighs . 
 `` it 's something . 
 yes , we fought that day . 
 you had your nose pierced . 
 i wanted you to take it out so that you did n't embarrass your father . 
 you refused . 
 then you left . '' 
 `` and when i was in a coma , you took my nose ring out and colored my hair , '' i say calmly . 
 she nods wordlessly . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i ask . 
 i feel limp . 
 even though i know what she did . 
 i need an answer now . 
 am i really such an embarrassment to my parents that they would try to change me when i was n't even conscious ? 
 `` because we had to , '' she answers simply . 
 `` i thought that maybe everything could change . 
 but i see now that it 's not going to happen . 
 you 're going back to your old ways and there 's nothing i can do about it . '' 
 `` my old ways ? '' 
 i raise an eyebrow and try to force my temper down . 
 i feel my blood starting to boil and that 's not a good sign . 
 `` just because i see life differently than you do , does n't make me wrong , '' i tell her . 
 `` if you and dad were n't so rigid about trying to force me into the mold of a person that i 'm not , maybe you would see that . '' 
 `` we 're not trying to change you , '' my mother says . 
 `` we 're just trying to change your behavior . 
 you 've got to realize that a mature person has to sometimes act in ways that they would rather not , simply because of their position in life . 
 you have to act respectful and mature because of your father . 
 it 's just the way it is . '' 
 and all of a sudden , i see her point . 
 i do n't know why , but it 's like a revelation . 
 an epiphany . 
 maybe gavin was right and i can still be who i am , but i do n't have to announce it to the world . 
 maybe i should fall into rank and do what is expected of me . 
 at least part of the time . 
 it would n't hurt me and it would make my life easier . 
 i can do what i want on the side , but still do what my parents want . 
 then i would n't have to butt heads with them . 
 butting heads with them takes so much energy . 
 `` okay , '' i say simply . 
 my mother stares at me . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 she 's incredulous . 
 i nod . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll try to be more considerate about daddy 's image . 
 i do n't mean to be disrespectful . '' 
 my mother looks like she does n't know whether to have a heart attack or whether she wants to cry and hug me . 
 so she just looks at me with her mouth open . 
 `` i 'm being serious , '' i tell her . 
 `` i 'll try not to keep disappointing you . '' 
 and she flies into my arms with all the velocity of a raging bull . 
 a tiny raging bull . 
 `` you 're not a disappointment , '' she tells me as she strokes my hair . 
 `` i love you , mia . 
 thank you for being so understanding . 
 and for trying . '' 
 holy cow . 
 this was easy . 
 that 's all i can think as my little bitty mother cries in my arms . 
 i 've made her so happy by simply not railing against her . 
 i think gavin was onto something . 
 `` i 'm not changing my hair though , '' i tell her . 
 `` but i wo n't get my nose re-pierced . '' 
 `` deal , '' my mother smiles . 
 and it honestly makes me happy to see her happy . 
 she 's looked miserable for as long as i can remember . 
 and probably way before that . 
 i can imagine that i was partially to blame . 
 `` fresh slate ? '' 
 i ask her . 
 i pull away and look at her face . 
 her eyes are as green as mine . 
 and hers are wet . 
 she nods . 
 `` fresh slate . '' 
 i hug her and am surprised by how good it feels ... like a puzzle piece falling into place , somehow . 
 `` mia , '' she says slowly . 
 `` i was dreading telling you this , but maybe it wo n't be so bad now . 
 there is a benefit tonight at the old palace . 
 it is to raise money for people who have been the hardest hit by the earthquake . 
 there will also be a few awards . 
 dimitri is going to give you and the other kids an award for helping with the clean-up . 
 you should probably go . '' 
 i stare at her . 
 obviously , if i 'm getting an award , i should go . 
 but she seems so nervous about asking me . 
 `` holy cow . 
 i must have been a monster , '' i mutter for the twentieth time this week . 
 `` of course i 'll go . 
 i 'm sure dante and reece will be there , too , right ? '' 
 mom nods . 
 `` yes . 
 and gavin and quinn , too , among a few others . '' 
 `` it 's black tie ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she nods again , looking pained . 
 she 's dreading my reaction , still . 
 i smile pleasantly . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll need to go get a dress . 
 but i look forward to it . '' 
 i do n't look forward to it , but part of this new leaf that i 've turned over means that i will not throw a fit . 
 my mom looks infinitely relieved . 
 `` thank you , mia , '' she tells me . 
 she gives me another hug before she leaves . 
 and i 'm left alone in my bedroom . 
 i text gavin . 
 are u going to that benefit dinner tonight ? 
 he answers , yep . 
 u ? 
 i reply . 
 yes . 
 sigh . 
 gavin comes back with , do u want a ride ? 
 i pause . 
 i 'm sure dante and reece will be going , so i can get a ride with them . 
 plus , if i 'm honest , i have to admit that i 'm still a little annoyed with gavin for leaving me like he did last night . 
 yes , i understand that he was flustered and forgot that i did n't know what was going on . 
 but still . 
 he left me . 
 and quinn saved me . 
 that fact is n't lost on me . 
 i sigh loudly . 
 no , that 's ok . 
 i 'll catch a ride with reece and dante - and i 'll see u there . 
 gavin take a little longer to answer this time , but finally comes back with , ok . 
 and it is accompanied by a frownie face . 
 i do n't know why i just did that . 
 i honestly do n't . 
 but for some reason , all i can think about today is quinn . 
 and how he looked as he plunged into the water to carry me out . 
 it makes my heart flutter . 
 gavin makes me feel safe because he knows me . 
 but quinn makes me feel safe because i feel like he would never let anything happen to me . 
 not that i need a protector , because i do n't . 
 but it 's still a nice feeling . 
 i duck out of my room to find reece . 
 i find her , along with dante and quinn , out on the porch sipping at fresh lemonade . 
 reece looks up , concern apparent on her face . 
 `` how are you doing ? '' 
 she asks worriedly . 
 i stare at her . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 i 'm fine . 
 should n't i be ? '' 
 now she 's the one who is confused . 
 `` the pictures , '' she says slowly . 
 `` and your mom was so upset . 
 i bumped into her in the hall earlier . '' 
 `` oh , '' i answer . 
 `` she 's okay now . 
 i told her that i would try to stop being such a challenge for her . 
 and i have n't seen the pictures . 
 should i see them ? '' 
 reece looks uncertain and she glances at dante . 
 `` there 's no reason you need to , '' he tells me . 
 `` it would just make you upset . 
 it 's our fault anyway . 
 we should have reminded you that this happens to us sometimes . '' 
 `` particularly when dante is around , '' reece interjects . 
 `` but this will blow over , '' dante adds . 
 `` it always does . 
 by this time next week , the gossip sites will be on to something else . '' 
 `` you 'd think that with all the real news with the earthquake , they 'd report about that , '' quinn mutters . 
 `` not some teenagers at a party . '' 
 `` i could n't agree more , '' dante answers . 
 `` but these websites are toxic and gossipy . 
 they do n't care about the real news . 
 they just want things that will make people 's tongues wag . '' 
 `` like mia standing in the sea topless , '' quinn rolls his eyes and i cringe at his words . 
 `` please tell me that they did n't get a shot of my girls , '' i plead . 
 and by girls , of course i mean my boobs . 
 reece looks pained . 
 `` well , your girls are blurred out . 
 but yes . 
 it 's clear that you 're topless . '' 
 i cringe again . 
 but there 's nothing to be done . 
 the damage is already done . 
 i square my shoulders . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'm putting it out of my mind , '' i announce . 
 `` so what if half of caberra has seen my girls now-i 've got to think about other things . 
 are you guys going to the benefit tonight at the old palace ? '' 
 they all nod . 
 i turn to reece . 
 `` i 've got to go get a dress . 
 are you up for a short shopping excursion ? '' 
 `` of course , '' she answers . 
 `` i have to get a dress , too . '' 
 `` perfect , '' i smile . 
 dante is already handing over his car keys , the ever-perfect , ever-dutiful boyfriend . 
 he pulls reece to him and kisses her on the forehead , warning her to be careful on the curves . 
 she smiles sweetly and tells him she will . 
 and then she takes the curves too fast , anyway . 
 twenty minutes later , we 're shopping . 
 which is apparently one thing that has n't changed about me . 
 i will always love to shop . 
 * * * * * * * * at 5:45 p.m. , i 'm standing in front of the mirror in my room . 
 i look pretty hot , i have to admit . 
 my hair is pulled into a chignon and i like the way the pink streaks show . 
 my dress is black and soft and clings to my curves , falling just above my knee . 
 my shoes are kick-ass three inch heels with cute straps that criss-cross part-way up my calves . 
 i 'm even wearing a strand of my mom 's pearls . 
 she was incredibly and amazingly happy about that . 
 i wonder if i used to realize how little it would take to make her happy ? 
 when it 's time to go , dante , reece , quinn and i pile into dante 's maserati . 
 quinn and i are crammed into the backseat , which seems even smaller than it normally would because quinn is so enormous . 
 he takes up way more than half of the space . 
 he just sprawled out and then laughed at me because he had pinned me against the seat . 
 but if i 'm honest , i will admit that i enjoy being crushed up against him . 
 he grins down at me , almost as if he can read my mind . 
 and i can see that he 's enjoying the cramped quarters too . 
 he stretches his arm out behind me and i curve into his shoulder . 
 and i like it . 
 i 'm not gon na lie . 
 dante drives quickly into town . 
 like , bat-out-of-hell quickly . 
 and that is too quickly because i 'm enjoying the heat from quinn 's body . 
 reece cringes as we cruise smoothly through the curves , but i do n't blame her . 
 it 's where dante had his car accident last summer . 
 i pause . 
 did someone tell me that ? 
 or was that a memory ? 
 i sigh . 
 it 's confusing sometimes . 
 this amnesia thing really , really sucks . 
 but it does seem like my memory is coming back in bits and pieces . 
 when we arrive , i can see dante 's security detail following us . 
 they 've been really good about trying to be inconspicuous . 
 but in light of the assassination attempt last year , they are being very careful now . 
 particularly tonight , with all of these people swarming about . 
 they are n't letting dante out of their sight . 
 `` i 'm going to find my father , '' dante says . 
 `` i 'll meet up with you later ? '' 
 i nod and reece leaves with dante . 
 the security detail follows . 
 quinn and i are left alone . 
 again . 
 i look at him . 
 then i look at the lines waiting to get into the old palace 's ballroom . 
 `` i know a short cut , '' i tell him . 
 and then we both stare at each other . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 quinn asks , one eye-brow raised . 
 `` and you remember it ? '' 
 `` i do , '' i confirm in a whisper . 
 `` i remember it . '' 
 the weird thing is that the memory just sort of appeared . 
 it did n't spring out of nowhere with a big announcement . 
 it 's like it was just there , waiting for me to realize that i remember it . 
 so . 
 strange . 
 i turn to quinn . 
 `` yes . 
 i do remember , '' i repeat . 
 `` follow me . '' 
 and we duck behind the lines and through the back hallways . 
 security lets us pass because they recognize me . 
 `` have a good evening , miss giannis , '' one of them says . 
 he nods at me and i smile back . 
 quinn and i weave through the empty halls of the old palace . 
 `` this building is amazing , '' quinn tells me as we walk through a corridor with a gilded gold ceiling . 
 the artwork hanging on the walls is authentic and expensive and there is exquisite art in every nook and cranny . 
 `` it is , '' i agree . 
 `` it really is . '' 
 i wonder if i used to be blase about it . 
 after all , i was born and raised around this stuff . 
 but i enjoy seeing the wonderment on quinn 's face as he takes it all in . 
 i hope that i remain like he is right now-appreciative of the beautiful things in life , no matter how many times i see them . 
 even if my memories come back . 
 the ballroom is decorated to the nines in silver and black decorations . 
 i see dante and reece standing with dimitri giliberti toward the front of the room . 
 he is in a military uniform with a sash , his typical formal dress . 
 and again , that is something that i suddenly remember as though it has been there all along . 
 which it has . 
 i just did n't remember it until now . 
 i gulp . 
 my memories returning sporadically and without warning is a total mind bender . 
 seriously , i can barely wrap my mind around it . 
 so instead , i choose to ignore it . 
 `` would you like to dance ? '' 
 i ask quinn . 
 he stares at me hesitantly . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i cajole him . 
 `` the big brawny cowboy can ride a bull but ca n't dance ? '' 
 and now he rolls his eyes . 
 `` is that a challenge ? '' 
 `` does it seem like a challenge ? '' 
 i ask innocently . 
 he sighs and grabs my hand . 
 `` come on , tiny tot . '' 
 i smile victoriously as he leads me onto the polished dance floor . 
 the crystal chandeliers sparkle above us and servers in black-tails and white gloves sail through the crowds with trays of champagne . 
 quinn pulls me to him and we smoothly dance around the ball room floor . 
 i look up at him . 
 `` you 're a surprise , '' i admit . 
 `` i figured you could n't dance . '' 
 but then again , i figured he did n't own a pair of dress shoes , either . 
 he 's sexy as hell tonight in a tux and polished black loafers . 
 what is it about a tuxedo that can make a boy go from handsome to movie star hot in two seconds flat ? 
 my heart flutters as quinn grins at me crookedly . 
 and that 's another thing . 
 my heart has been doing a lot of fluttering lately , mostly over this crooked grin of his . 
 `` i can most certainly dance , '' he tells me needlessly . 
 and i say needlessly because he is demonstrating that fact right now . 
 he can most certainly dance . 
 his arms feel really good wrapped around me . 
 i almost sigh because this moment feels pretty perfect . 
 the music is soft and soothing , quinn is handsome and strong , and i am pressed against his strong chest . 
 he smells delicious . 
 i could go and on about why this moment rocks . 
 but unfortunately , it does n't keep rocking . 
 because as i look up , i see gavin . 
 he is standing casually with dante and dimitri , with a champagne glass dangling loosely from his fingers at his side . 
 he is the picture of casual elegance-as if tuxedos were invented to be worn by him . 
 but i 'm not distracted by how handsome he is . 
 because the look on his face startles me . 
 he 's upset . 
 with me . 
 that is apparent . 
 i stare into his dark eyes and he looks pointedly away . 
 and he stays looking away . 
 he does n't glance back at me . 
 my stomach sinks like a rock . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 quinn asks , as he stares down at me . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no . 
 i mean , yes . 
 maybe . '' 
 he stares at me again , his blonde eyebrows furrowed as he tries to figure me out . 
 `` i 'll be back , okay ? '' 
 he nods and releases my hand and i scamper through the crowd to get to gavin . 
 but when i reach the spot where he was , he is n't there anymore . 
 `` mia ! '' 
 i hear reece call to me . 
 i gaze around and find her in the crowd and she is gesturing wildly toward something behind me . 
 i turn and see gavin disappearing into a hall . 
 i 'm after him like a shot . 
 i call out for him , but he does n't stop . 
 so , i do the only thing i can think of to do . 
 i chase him . 
 i have no idea how he manages to stay so far ahead of me when i am running and he is walking . 
 it 's like something out of a bad horror movie . 
 i just ca n't seem to catch up . 
 i trip along in my heels until i finally get smart enough to take them off . 
 and then i trip along after him barefoot . 
 but finally , he takes pity on me as he reaches a door that opens to the outdoors , he turns . 
 he is tall and lithe and handsome and he does n't want to be with me . 
 that much is apparent . 
 `` what do you need , mia ? '' 
 and he sounds weary . 
 i 'm confused . 
 `` why are you running from me ? '' 
 he smiles a small , tight smile . 
 `` i 'm not running . 
 i 'm walking . 
 you 're short enough that you have to run to keep up . '' 
 `` details , '' i sniff . 
 `` why would n't you stop ? '' 
 `` because i do n't want to talk to you right now , '' he answers simply . 
 and that answer hurts . 
 because out of everyone in my life , gavin has always been there for me . 
 `` why ? '' 
 i ask softly . 
 `` because , '' he shrugs . 
 `` i do n't want to right now . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 i demand . 
 `` you have to have a reason . '' 
 `` because i just realized something , '' he says . 
 and his voice is cool and his eyes are a bit sad . 
 it makes me apprehensive and scared to ask . 
 but of course i ask anyway . 
 `` what did you realize ? '' 
 gavin is quiet as he stares at me . 
 and the serious and slightly sad expression on his face scares me because i have never seen it before . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i blurt out . 
 `` what is wrong with you ? 
 what did you realize ? '' 
 gavin sighs . 
 `` i realized that you have never looked at me like you were looking at quinn just now . 
 and you probably never will . '' 
 and then he turns around and walks into the night . 
 and i am stunned . 
 because i think he might be right . 
 chapter nineteen i have no idea if he is right or wrong or what . 
 but it does n't matter . 
 because the look on his face was so horribly sad that i just want to wipe it away . 
 `` gavin , please-wait ! '' 
 i chase after him and tug on his arm . 
 he does n't even look at me as he stops by the pool . 
 he looks achingly handsome in the light of the moon . 
 the water moves next to us in aquamarine ripples and i stare into his face . 
 i find that i want to reach up and stroke his cheek or wrap my arms around his shoulders or hug him tight . 
 but i restrain myself . 
 `` gavin , i 'm sorry . 
 i told you ... i do n't know what i want . 
 how can i possibly know that when i do n't even know who i am ? '' 
 i can hear the desperation in my voice and so can he . 
 his face softens a bit in reaction . 
 `` gav , i told you this on the boat the other day . 
 i said that i was afraid to pursue this because i never want to lose you . 
 and you said that it would n't matter-that i would never lose you , no matter what . '' 
 now his eyes are really soft as he looks down at me . 
 `` so , you do n't want to lose me ... but you do n't know that you want me , either ? '' 
 my heart hurts at his words . 
 like , it literally hurts . 
 `` i do n't know what to say , gavin , '' i tell him . 
 `` i know that i love you in some way . 
 i know that you are sexy as hell and you make me laugh and you know me like no one else does . 
 i know that i love being with you-i love laughing with you and swimming with you and kissing you . 
 but something seems to be holding me back and i do n't know what it is . '' 
 i 'm crying now . 
 i feel the tears streaking down my face and gavin moves to wipe them away . 
 i lean into his hand and he cups my cheek . 
 `` let me know when you figure it out , '' he says softly . 
 and then he leaves me by the pool . 
 alone . 
 i am stunned . 
 gavin , easy-going , always laughing , always ready gavin , just left me alone because i hurt him . 
 and i definitely did n't mean to . 
 yet i did . 
 and now my heart seriously hurts . 
 i sink to my knees by the water and cry . 
 anyone who ever thought i 'm a bad ass should see me right now , because i cry until my lungs hurt . 
 the ugly kind of cry , too . 
 not the pretty , delicate sniff-into-a-tissue cry . 
 oh , no . 
 i 'm crying the dreaded gut-wrenching , mascara-ruining ugly cry . 
 and i do n't care . 
 i do n't even care when i hear someone behind me . 
 `` i need a minute , '' i call out , sniffing into my hand . 
 i do n't have a tissue , so i wipe my snotty nose on my hand . 
 gross , but necessary . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 quinn 's husky voice is quiet in the dark . 
 i freeze . 
 i know i look like some sort of monster with black-rimmed swollen eyes and a runny nose . 
 but worse than that , i do n't want him to see me this way-sad and broken . 
 not when he thinks i 'm some sort of bad-ass . 
 and especially not when i 'm crying because i do n't know what my heart wants . 
 how pathetic is that ?? 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i tell him without lifting my head . 
 there is more rustling behind me . 
 and then i feel his hand on my back . 
 it 's warm and large and comforting . 
 `` you do n't seem fine , '' he says softly . 
 `` i 'm not , '' i admit limply . 
 i look up now , knowing full well that he will see me in all of my raccoon-eyed glory . 
 but he does n't even flinch . 
 he 's just staring at me with the most concerned look . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he asks simply . 
 `` can i help ? '' 
 i swallow . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i tell him . 
 `` can you fix the holes in my memory so that i know what i want ? '' 
 quinn stares at me . 
 he 's serious and calm and thoughtful as he tries to decide what to say . 
 finally , his lips move . 
 i know this because i 'm staring at them . 
 `` no , i ca n't fix your memory , '' he tells me as he scoots closer to me . 
 `` but who cares ? 
 you do n't need your memory to figure out what you want . '' 
 i snort , then remember too late that my nose is gunky and runny . 
 i sound like a snotted up pig . 
 i blush , but he does n't seem to notice . 
 `` you do n't , '' he insists . 
 `` you know who you are even if you do n't remember it . '' 
 `` that 's what reece said , '' i mutter . 
 `` but it 's easy to say when you 're not the one who is clueless . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm clueless , '' he nods . 
 `` trust me . 
 or you can just ask reece . 
 she can tell you . 
 i 'm very , very clueless about many , many things . '' 
 i smile now , even through my snot . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 i ask curiously . 
 `` how did you know i was out here ? '' 
 quinn shakes his head . 
 `` it was n't hard . 
 when you ran out of the room chasing gavin , i did n't think it was going to end well . '' 
 i 'm still now . 
 the night is cool against my skin and my heart beats hard against my ribs . 
 it 's so quiet out here that i can almost hear it . 
 `` you knew i was chasing gavin ? 
 and you still came after me ? '' 
 quinn nods slowly . 
 `` how did you know that it was n't going to end well ? '' 
 quinn rocks back on his heels and he stares at the pool thoughtfully . 
 `` i just knew . 
 gut instinct . '' 
 `` so you came after me . '' 
 i 'm stunned by this . 
 what kind of boy would come after me when he knew that i was chasing another guy ? 
 clearly , one who is self-confident . 
 and quinn is that . 
 and clearly , a boy who is caring and kind . 
 and quinn is that , too . 
 but still . 
 holy whoa . 
 how amazing is he ? 
 `` thank you for not pressuring me , '' i tell him randomly . 
 i feel so tired and drained . 
 and i 'm just so thankful for his presence . 
 so i tell him that . 
 he smiles . 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 and i 'm not going to pressure you . 
 do i think you 're cute as hell and twice as sexy ? 
 yes . 
 i do . 
 do i love your sassy-ass sense of humor ? 
 yep . 
 that too . 
 but i 'm going to wait until you realize that you like me , too . 
 i might be clueless about many , many things , but even i know that i ca n't make someone like me . 
 if someone likes you , they 'll realize it . 
 and then it will be worth the wait . '' 
 `` you think i 'm worth the wait ? '' 
 i 'm whispering now . 
 i do n't know why because we 're all alone in the moonlight . 
 quinn smiles his sexy lop-sided , knee-weakening grin . 
 `` yes . 
 i do . '' 
 `` you seem so confident that my mixed up head is going to decide that you 're the one for me . '' 
 i state this calmly as if this conversation was n't insanely ridiculous . 
 i 'm sitting here with a gorgeous american cowboy discussing the fact that i do n't know if i like him . 
 is this even happening ? 
 ohmygosh . 
 `` oh , your mixed up head will definitely decide that , '' quinn answers with a grin . 
 then he winks . 
 `` because it 's the right choice . '' 
 then he grabs my hand , completely ignoring the fact that i 've been wiping my nose with it . 
 he pulls me to my feet . 
 `` will you dance with me ? '' 
 i look at him uncertainly . 
 `` i do n't really want to go back inside . 
 i 'm a mess . 
 and i do n't want to see gavin right now . '' 
 `` that 's fine , '' quinn assures me . 
 `` i meant right here . 
 we can hear the music from here . 
 and it 's sexier to dance under the stars , anyway . '' 
 quinn mckeyen ca n't get any sexier . 
 i decide that in this instant . 
 he pulls me to his tuxedoed chest and i rest my cheek against his satin lapel . 
 his strong arms close around me and we sway together in the light of the moon . 
 my heart pounds . 
 he is so , so sexy . 
 and patient . 
 and strong . 
 and amazing . 
 i sigh . 
 he 's got quite a long list of good traits . 
 i melt into him and let him hold me . 
 and we dance , swaying together under the twinkling stars . 
 we dance through the next several songs . 
 then we sit and chat by the pool . 
 and then we dance some more . 
 and honestly , by the end of the evening , even in spite of the whole crumbling-into-a-sobbing-heap thing , i can say it 's been the best benefit event i ever remember attending at the old palace . 
 i know that does n't say a lot considering that my memory has holes in it . 
 but still . 
 ******** i wake up to a knock on my bedroom door . 
 i growl and cover my head with my pillow . 
 after not getting home until 2:00 a.m , there is no way that i 'm getting out of bed at 8:00 . 
 not . 
 gon na . 
 happen . 
 i bury my head deep under my pillows and squeeze my eyes shut . 
 but whoever it is wo n't give up . 
 they knock again and again . 
 and then finally , they get tired of knocking . 
 my door opens . 
 and quinn is standing there . 
 he looks breathtakingly sexy and fills up my entire doorframe . 
 he 's wearing old jeans that fit him exactly right , his cowboy boots and a blue faded button up shirt . 
 the shirt looks soft and worn and it hugs his chest . 
 i peer out from under my pillows to get a better look . 
 he grins at me . 
 `` why are you so early ??? '' i groan , flipping onto my back and staring at him . 
 `` and so cheerful already ? 
 plus , you 're dressed and everything . 
 ugh . '' 
 he raises an eyebrow as he approaches the bed . 
 i only just now notice that he 's carrying two cups . 
 `` would you prefer that i was n't dressed ? '' 
 he asks innocently . 
 he holds out a cup . 
 `` i come bearing gifts . 
 coffee with one shot of espresso plus enough cream and sugar to make cake batter . '' 
 i stare at him now as i sit up . 
 `` how did you know how i like my coffee ? 
 stalk much ? '' 
 quinn laughs and i decide that i might want to marry his laugh . 
 it 's just that sexy . 
 `` i do n't stalk you , tiny tot . 
 i do n't have to . 
 i know you 'll come to me someday . 
 i asked marietta how you take your coffee . 
 and then she made it . 
 so if it sucks , do n't blame me . '' 
 i smile and roll my eyes . 
 marietta might have made it , but quinn brought it to me . 
 and that 's pretty dang sweet . 
 but i do n't say that . 
 instead , i take a sip of the nectar of the gods and stare at him over the cup . 
 `` so , what 's the occasion ? 
 why have you come bearing gifts ? '' 
 quinn perches himself on the edge of my bed . 
 and no , the fact does n't escape me that now quinn is technically in my bed . 
 with me . 
 and i 'm half nak * d. my heart flutters again . 
 down girl , i silently tell it . 
 then i return my attention to quinn , waiting for an answer . 
 `` i want to continue with your riding lessons . 
 and i figured you 'd need some coffee to wake up . '' 
 i 'm already shaking my head . 
 `` oh , no . 
 i do n't get up this early . 
 the old me did n't and the new me does n't either . 
 and neither one of us is getting up this early to go riding on a gigantic demon . 
 nope . 
 not gon na happen . '' 
 i am up and dressed five minutes later . 
 hey , do n't judge . 
 quinn can be pretty compelling while sitting on the side of my bed smiling at me . 
 okay , fine . 
 i 'm weak . 
 weak , weak , weak . 
 quinn 's cocky grin does that to me . 
 but i admit it , so that 's something , right ? 
 right before i duck out the door to meet quinn outdoors , i text gavin . 
 i 'm really sorry about last night . 
 i hope you can forgive me . 
 i hate that you 're upset . 
 there 's no immediate answer . 
 and i leave my phone in my room . 
 quinn is already waiting for me outside . 
 and now he 's wearing his cowboy hat which only makes him even sexier . 
 `` hey tiny tot , '' he greets me . 
 `` i have something for you . '' 
 and he hands me a pale pink cowboy hat . 
 no . 
 lie . 
 i laugh as i take it and shove it onto my head . 
 `` where in caberra did you find a cowboy hat ? '' 
 he grins . 
 `` there 's a woman in town who makes straw hats . 
 i showed her mine and asked her to make a smaller one for you . 
 in pink . 
 she did a good job . '' 
 i feel sassy now in my pink hat . 
 i find myself wishing that i had a pair of shorts and boots on like reece always wears . 
 `` thank you , '' i tell him . 
 `` i love it . 
 i feel so american now . '' 
 he chuckles . 
 `` well , surely you know that all americans are n't cowboys . 
 in fact , most americans are n't even cowboys . 
 just some of us . 
 the awesome ones . '' 
 i smile up at him . 
 `` okay , awesome one , tell me more about america . '' 
 so , as he saddles up titan , he does . 
 i stay a safe distance away from titan 's enormous stamping foot , but still close enough to listen . 
 and obviously , close enough to watch quinn 's muscles flex as he lifts the saddle . 
 because that 's important . 
 `` we like good barbeque , football and sunday naps . 
 we like pep rallies and college ball teams and ice cream . 
 and french fries . 
 we like animals and some girls even carry little dogs around in purses . 
 but i could never see you doing that . 
 we like working hard to be the best we can be . 
 we love disney world , no matter how old we are . 
 and we love riding in jeeps with the tops down . 
 we love target shooting . 
 we love firecrackers and the fourth of july . 
 we love going to the lake on a summer day , especially in a speed boat . '' 
 he looks at me as he adjusts titan 's bridle . 
 `` is that enough or do you want to know more ? '' 
 i smile at him . 
 `` every american likes those things or just you ? 
 because i honestly do n't see reece target shooting . '' 
 quinn smirks . 
 `` well , most americans probably love those things . 
 i certainly do . '' 
 `` i 've never been to america , '' i tell him . 
 `` so , i have no way of knowing if you 're exaggerating . 
 i 'd planned on coming to visit reece at some point , but now she 's here . '' 
 `` well , '' he tells me . 
 `` you 'll just have to come visit me instead . 
 i mean , you need to know if i 'm telling you the truth , right ? '' 
 and he literally stops what he is doing and stares into my eyes . 
 his are warm and brown and chocolately . 
 and i feel flustered for a second . 
 lost . 
 and then he smiles . 
 `` deal ? '' 
 i swallow and nod . 
 `` deal . '' 
 he 's satisfied with that . 
 and he boosts me onto titan . 
 and i forget for a second that i am terrified because quinn is swinging up behind me . 
 i twist around to look at him . 
 `` tandem horseback riding ? '' 
 `` i thought you could use a break today from things that stress you . 
 so we 're going to have a relaxing ride today . 
 you just sit back and let me do the work . '' 
 so i do . 
 i settle back against him , enjoying the way his chest is hard and strong . 
 i seem to melt into it and we fit just right . 
 his arms curve around me and i am encompassed there . 
 and i really like being here in this spot . 
 he makes me feel safe and sound and warm . 
 i love the way his chest feels as he talks , and i love the way his voice is smooth , yet husky . 
 and then i am faced with a big realization . 
 i love quite a few things about him . 
 it 's a bit scary . 
 but then i 'm distracted by the stubble on his chin as he dips his head to talk to me . 
 so i grin up at him and before i even know what i 'm doing , i 'm twisting around to kiss him . 
 i am as surprised by this as he is , but he recovers first . 
 he wraps an arm around me , pulling me close . 
 his tongue delves into my mouth , his breath hot . 
 when he finally pulls away , i feel like panting again . 
 there should be a law against being as sexy as quinn mckeyen . 
 `` what was that for ? '' 
 he asks softly . 
 his chocolate brown eyes are glued to mine . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i tell him honestly . 
 `` i just wanted to . '' 
 `` that 's as good a reason as any , '' he answers . 
 `` maybe your heart is starting to give you answers . '' 
 and maybe he 's right . 
 but i do n't say that . 
 instead , i lean against him again . 
 and i enjoy the ride . 
 titan walks smoothly , his large muscles contracting beneath us . 
 the sun feels so good on my face that i almost fall asleep . 
 i 'm still tired from my late night . 
 we ride through the entire property , weaving amongst the olive trees and down by a natural creek that runs on the property . 
 we take a few minutes there to stretch and let titan drink . 
 then we ride more . 
 finally , several hours later , quinn guides titan back toward the house and i close my eyes , basking in the sun like a contented cat . 
 i am seriously almost asleep when titan stops . 
 i open my eyes . 
 and i get the surprise of my life . 
 and not a good surprise , either . 
 gavin is here . 
 he 's standing next to the corral , apparently waiting for me , and he is n't happy to see me riding with quinn . 
 efffff . 
 chapter twenty `` hi gavin , '' i call out . 
 he does n't answer . 
 effffffff . 
 `` will you be alright ? '' 
 quinn asks me quietly . 
 `` of course , '' i tell him . 
 `` it 's fine . '' 
 he nods and helps me down from titan , then heads to the stable . 
 i walk straight to gavin . 
 and gavin is not happy . 
 at all . 
 `` what are you doing , mia ? '' 
 he asks . 
 and there are thunderclouds on his face . 
 i 've never seen him look quite so mad . 
 actually , i do n't know that i 've ever seen gavin mad at all . 
 i gulp . 
 `` i went for a ride . '' 
 `` yes , i see that . 
 with quinn . 
 literally , with quinn . 
 you were basically on his lap . '' 
 is he jealous ? 
 holy cow . 
 `` well , to be fair , there 's only one horse and i do n't really know how to ride yet . 
 so , quinn was kind enough to take me for a ride . '' 
 gavin scoffs . 
 `` oh yeah . 
 he 's being kind . 
 there 's nothing in it for him . '' 
 and now he 's being facetious . 
 and definitely jealous . 
 that 's not like him . 
 `` you were n't answering your phone , '' he points out . 
 `` that 's because it 's in the house , '' i tell him . 
 `` i texted you this morning and you ignored me . 
 so i just left it inside . '' 
 `` convenient , '' gavin says wryly . 
 `` what is wrong with you ? '' 
 i demand . 
 `` you would n't even talk to me last night . 
 and here you are pissed off that i went for a ride with quinn . '' 
 as i speak , i glance toward the stables to see if quinn has emerged , but he has n't . 
 he must still be taking care of titan . 
 i decide that 's best , considering how agitated gavin is . 
 `` what is wrong with me is that ever since your accident and i saw that things could change between us , in a good way , i 've felt better than i have in a long time , '' gavin tells me . 
 `` you and i together is a very good thing . 
 we know each other . 
 we would fit so easily into each other 's lives . 
 and all of a sudden , you 're too nervous to try and pursue it . 
 and you 've never been nervous a day in your life . 
 i do n't understand it . 
 and now you 've taken up with quinn . 
 and i ca n't figure you out . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 `` do you want to be with me ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` or do you want to be with the idea of me ... because we would ` fit so easily into each other lives ? '' 
 gavin rolls his eyes . 
 `` do n't twist my words , mi , '' he tells me . 
 `` you know what i mean . '' 
 `` i do n't know what you mean , '' i answer . 
 `` and i have n't ` taken up with quinn ' . 
 i went for a ride with him . 
 we did n't run away and get married . '' 
 gavin is angry now . 
 his tan cheeks are flushed . 
 i can see that he 's trying to rein it in and i do n't understand it . 
 i do n't know where his anger is coming from . 
 `` mia , i 'm worried about you . 
 and your decisions . 
 quinn is n't like us . 
 he 's not from here . 
 and i like him , i do . 
 so it 's not that . 
 but you do n't realize right now , because you 're not yourself ... but you ca n't just got trotting off with someone you barely know . 
 not in your position . 
 i hate to say this , but you do n't have the best track record with guys . 
 you thought you knew vincent dranias too , but look how that turned out . 
 dimitri , dante and elena could have all been killed . '' 
 i suck in a breath and gavin goes still . 
 and i go still . 
 and my blood turns cold . 
 `` i 'm sorry , mia , '' gavin says quickly . 
 `` i crossed the line . 
 i did n't mean it . '' 
 `` but you did , '' i answer slowly . 
 `` you did mean it . 
 you do n't think i can think for myself . 
 and you think that the assassination attempt was my fault . '' 
 he looks pained now . 
 as he should . 
 i jut my chin out . 
 `` mia , that 's not what i meant . 
 that was n't your fault at all . 
 it was nate 's fault . 
 and if you had n't fallen for vincent , they would have just found another way into our circle . 
 i just meant that you are n't yourself . 
 now is n't a good time for you to make rash decisions . '' 
 `` but i have n't made any decisions , '' i point out . 
 `` none . 
 and i think that 's really why you are mad . 
 you thought i would just fall into your arms and that would be that . '' 
 `` well , that would certainly have made things easier , '' he says wryly . 
 `` but you 're far too stubborn for that . '' 
 `` no , i 'm not , '' i insist . 
 `` yes , you are , '' he nods . 
 but at least he 's smiling now . 
 and then suddenly ... something about his smile , or the light hitting his face , or the way he 's looking at me , or something that i ca n't put my finger on ... something triggers my messed up mind . 
 there is a weird sort of flicker in my thoughts , like a blur . 
 everything sort of swirls together in a huge chaotic mess of colors and lights and words . 
 and then everything comes crashing down . 
 i remember everything . 
 everything . 
 i remember diving with gavin , i remember being friends with him since preschool . 
 i remember meeting reece for the first time . 
 i remember lashing out at my parents . 
 i remember all of the black gothic clothing i wore . 
 i remember my car . 
 i remember countless charity events at the old palace . 
 i remember going to school . 
 i remember everything . 
 `` i remember , '' i murmur . 
 and i sink to my knees because the suddenness of it , the enormity of it , is overwhelming . 
 i actually feel nauseas . 
 `` you remember ? '' 
 gavin asks and he is concerned now as he bends next to me . 
 `` how ? 
 are you alright ? '' 
 i do n't know . 
 i feel like throwing up . 
 and i do n't know why . 
 i rock back and forth on my heels as i focus on my thoughts , on all of the faces in my thoughts . 
 of elena - and how she is the world 's biggest bitch and how could i forget that ? 
 i remember reecie and dante and nate and vincent . 
 oh my god . 
 vincent . 
 i remember vincent . 
 and gavin is right . 
 i used very poor judgment with vince . 
 but how in the world could i have known better ? 
 he was hiding who he was from me . 
 that was n't my fault . 
 and i remember gavin . 
 i stare at him now . 
 at his handsome face and his white smile . 
 but now , all of a sudden , i do n't see him as a heart-stoppingly sexy guy . 
 i see him as my good friend . 
 that is immediate and apparent . 
 he is and always will be my friend . 
 it 's like my heart turned a complete one-eighty . 
 i ca n't help how i feel . 
 and just like i was afraid of , my memories have changed everything . 
 gavin stares back . 
 `` do you remember me ? '' 
 he asks quietly . 
 i nod . 
 and his expression falls . 
 `` hey , '' quinn yells from the stable door . 
 `` mia ! 
 are you okay ? '' 
 my head snaps up and my eyes meet his . 
 and he rushes toward me . 
 but gavin stands up and all of a sudden , his frustration with the situation has a target . 
 a target who does n't deserve it , but is a target nonetheless . 
 quinn . 
 gavin rushes at him with an aggression that i 've never seen in him . 
 quinn startles as he realizes what is going on and then he does the only thing he can do . 
 he defends himself . 
 he braces himself for impact . 
 gavin plows into him and slams him to the ground . 
 quinn 's head whips back and i hear it crash into the ground with a sickening thud . 
 my stomach clenches at the sound . 
 he hits hard . 
 and then gavin punches him . 
 hard . 
 i can hear his knuckles smash into quinn 's cheek . 
 and then quinn roars like a lion . 
 he throws gavin off , and gavin tries to come back for more . 
 quinn is able to hold him at bay . 
 `` you do n't want to do that , '' quinn says . 
 i think he 's pretty calm , considering the situation . 
 his lip is split and it is bleeding . 
 and i know he 's holding back . 
 he 's not thrashing gavin the way he could . 
 `` you do n't know what i want , '' gavin snaps . 
 `` oh , i do know , '' quinn says . 
 `` and i 'm sorry that you ca n't have her . '' 
 and then gavin punches at him again . 
 but this time , quinn catches his fist in his large hand and squeezes , forcing gavin away . 
 but gavin wo n't give up . 
 he brings his knee up and slams it into quinn 's gut . 
 i hear the air whoosh out . 
 and suddenly , quinn has had enough . 
 he punches gavin . 
 hard . 
 in the face . 
 gavin flies backward into the dirt . 
 and he lays there , still . 
 i find my wits now and rush to him . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 i shake his shoulder . 
 he 's dazed , but he opens his eyes . 
 `` gavin , are you okay ? '' 
 i am panicked now . 
 blood seems to be everywhere . 
 his hand is bleeding , his nose . 
 i twist around and see that quinn 's face is streaming blood , too . 
 this ca n't be happening . 
 ohmygod . 
 `` gavin ? '' 
 i say , and my voice is shaky . 
 `` can you hear me ? '' 
 he actually smiles for a second , but then he turns serious . 
 `` of course i can hear you . 
 i 'm not deaf . '' 
 he pushes me off of him and he gets to his feet . 
 he stares down at me . 
 `` this is n't the right decision , mia , '' he tells me . 
 and then he walks away before i can even answer . 
 quinn takes a step and offers me his hand . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asks me . 
 and i have to laugh at that . 
 he 's got blood streaming everywhere and he 's asking me if i 'm okay . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i tell him . 
 `` how about you ? '' 
 he touches his cheek gingerly and i see that his hand is swollen already . 
 i start to grab it , but restrain myself . 
 i do n't want to cause him more pain . 
 `` oh my god , i think your hand might be broken , '' i tell him worriedly . 
 he nods . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure it is . 
 do n't worry about it . 
 it wo n't be the first time . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 `` do you get in fights often ? '' 
 he grins his crooked grin . 
 `` did i forget to mention that 's one of the things americans like to do ? '' 
 `` you like to get into fights ? '' 
 i 'm incredulous . 
 he smiles , then shakes his head . 
 `` i 'm kidding . 
 but i do live in a small rural town . 
 there 's not much to do , so the majority of us have gotten into a fight or two . 
 what i really meant was that i 've broken a few bones playing football . 
 it 's okay . 
 i 'll heal . '' 
 `` you need ice , '' i tell him as i grab his arm and spin him toward the house . 
 i 'm not sure how i know this , but it seems logical . 
 he stops . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 he asks me quietly . 
 `` i heard you . 
 your memories are back . 
 do you need to go see a doctor , or ... '' i stare at him in utter disbelief . 
 he 's dripping blood and he 's worried that i 'm the one who needs a doctor ? 
 i mention the ridiculousness of this to him and he smiles . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't have any experience with this whole amnesia thing . 
 it just makes sense that you would need to see your doctor . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` maybe i do , but not as much as you do right now . '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he insists . 
 and as he does , he wipes the blood from his lip . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` you are n't fine , '' i tell him . 
 he ignores that . 
 `` what was that even about ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` what set gavin off like that ? '' 
 i pause . 
 i do n't have a great answer . 
 `` i. . . 
 um . 
 i think that gavin has tried a very long time to be everything that everyone needs-the perfect son , the perfect friend . 
 he tries very hard to be laid back and easy going . 
 and when i lost my memory , i think he saw an opportunity to be part of a relationship with someone who understands what it is like to be with someone like him -- we have the same social pressures . 
 but tonight , he knew that was n't going to happen . 
 and i think that everything just sort of exploded for him . 
 all of his pent up frustrations and whatnot . 
 it did n't have anything to do with you . 
 do n't take it personally , although i know that 's hard . '' 
 quinn nods , but before he can say anything , i hear voices . 
 i turn to find dante and reece running toward us . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 reece breathes as she skids to a stop next to us . 
 `` oh my gosh , quinn ! 
 what the hell ? 
 we saw gavin leave and he was bloody . 
 and you 're bloody ... '' she trails off and stares . 
 `` holy monkeys . 
 you got into a fight . '' 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 dante asks quietly . 
 he 's glancing over quinn , at his split lip and swollen hand . 
 i see now that quinn 's eye is a bit swollen too . 
 i gulp . 
 quinn nods . 
 `` i 'm fine , guys . 
 i 've had worse than this after a game . 
 trust me . '' 
 reece narrows her eyes . 
 `` what were you fighting about ? '' 
 and then she looks at me . 
 i exhale shakily . 
 i 'm still feeling nauseas . 
 `` i remember everything , '' i tell her . 
 `` gavin was upset because i was riding titan with quinn and for some reason , something triggered my memories and they all came back . 
 and now i think i 'm going to throw up . '' 
 and i do . 
 i barely have time to turn away before i am dropping to my knees and puking my guts up . 
 i hear movement behind me and reece holding my hair back . 
 she pats my back . 
 but it 's quinn 's voice that murmurs to me that it 's going to be okay . 
 i glance back and find that it is quinn comforting me . 
 reece is standing a short distance away , looking for all the world like she wants to shove him out of the way and kneel next to me , but she does n't . 
 she lets quinn do it . 
 another wave of nausea floods through me and i throw up again . 
 and then i 'm okay . 
 i sit still for a second , then i wipe my mouth and turn around . 
 i try to stand up , but my knees are weak . 
 i feel shaky . 
 and i grab onto quinn 's strong arm . 
 instead of helping me up , he just scoops me into his arms . 
 he carries me the entire way to the house , up the stairs , down the hall and into my bedroom . 
 my mother 's face is shocked as we pass her in the foyer , and she follows behind with reece and dante . 
 quinn sets me on the bed . 
 `` you 're going to be fine , '' he tells me . 
 and i 'm not sure if he is comforting me or giving me a directive . 
 but i nod . 
 either way , he 's right . 
 i 'll be fine . 
 i know that now . 
 chapter twenty one reece sits with me for the entire first twenty-four hours . 
 my mother takes the doctor 's order to rest to heart and refuses to let me leave my bed , so my friends come to me . 
 dante comes to play chess . 
 quinn comes to chat and bring me coffee . 
 reece is always here . 
 we look at fashion magazines , do our nails and she flat-irons my hair . 
 gavin does n't come . 
 i try not to let this hurt . 
 reece texted him and told him that i 'm alright , that my memories have all returned . 
 she relayed what the doctor told us ... that my brain has now made a full recovery . 
 she joked with him that i 'm still not right in the head , but i 'm as right as i ever was . 
 he replied that he 's glad i 'm okay . 
 that was it . 
 and that really hurts . 
 but i have to try and look at it from his point of view . 
 and when i do that , i feel really sad . 
 because he was right . 
 it would have been very convenient if we 'd have gotten together . 
 and i think his feelings really did change toward me after the accident . 
 i think that new mia was exciting for him . 
 it was like meeting someone new , yet someone who was familiar and safe . 
 just like i felt about him . 
 felt . 
 past tense . 
 because those fluttery feelings that i had for both quinn and gavin are gone . 
 and they are solely focused on quinn alone now . 
 of that , i am certain . 
 everything quinn does sends my heart into a tail spin . 
 my hormones burst into flame whenever he is near . 
 my heart has clearly decided . 
 but i have n't told quinn yet . 
 i 'm trying not to be impetuous . 
 new mia has turned over a new leaf . 
 `` so , '' reece says as she hands me a hot pink shirt . 
 `` new mia is sticking around ? '' 
 she is trying to hide her surprise , i can tell . 
 she was amazed when i told her that i do n't need to go shopping to replace my new wardrobe with another new wardrobe consisting solely of black . 
 i nod . 
 `` new mia is here to stay , with bits of old mia thrown in . 
 old mia was trying too hard to prove a few points and all she did was piss people off . 
 new mia has had some revelations . '' 
 reece raises a blonde eyebrow . 
 `` like ? '' 
 `` like it 's okay to be agreeable . 
 it 's okay to do things that you do n't really want to do-if those things are helping out people you love . 
 i have to understand that my dad 's job is important and that people watch me . 
 gavin was right about that-i need to suck it up and do my part . 
 but that does n't mean that i ca n't do it in my own way . 
 i wo n't put my nose-ring back in , but i 'm leaving my hair . 
 it 's not hurting anything . 
 i 'm compromising on the clothes . 
 i do n't feel the need to wear black , but i 'm not wearing beige . 
 ugh . '' 
 reece smiles . 
 `` hot pink is a compromise ? 
 and fingerless gloves ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yes . 
 i believe those are fair compromises . '' 
 reece laughs . 
 `` i like new mia . 
 she 's still pretty kick-ass , too . '' 
 but then she gets serious . 
 `` what about quinn ? '' 
 i stare at her . 
 `` i like him , '' i tell her quietly . 
 `` i really like him . '' 
 she nods . 
 `` i know . 
 i can tell . 
 and he likes you too . 
 so what are you going to do about it ? '' 
 i smile . 
 `` well , there 's one thing that new mia and old mia have in common . '' 
 `` and what 's that ? '' 
 reece asks . 
 `` we both work hard to get what we want . '' 
 reece laughs at that and i laugh with her . 
 `` am i going to have to listen to you refer to yourself in the third person now for all of eternity ? '' 
 she asks with a grin . 
 `` possibly , '' i tell her . 
 `` i sort of like it . 
 it makes me feel like the queen of england . '' 
 reece rolls her eyes and hands me a pair of jeans . 
 `` well , come on , your highness . 
 get dressed . '' 
 i pull my pants on and we wind our way down the stairs and into the kitchen . 
 i am surprised to find my mother there , along with dante . 
 she 's as casual as can be about eating in the kitchen . 
 what the hell ? 
 `` mom ? '' 
 i look at her in surprise . 
 she 's sitting with dante , nibbling at a croissant and sipping a cup of coffee . 
 she smiles at me and she honestly looks happy . 
 my mother . 
 happy . 
 it 's a crazy concept , i know . 
 but it seems to be true . 
 `` do n't look so surprised , '' she tells me . 
 `` i 'm not too old to change , you know . 
 i thought about it a lot last night when i was supposed to be sleeping . 
 you might have been right all along . 
 i was too rigid and set in my ways . 
 some might even say that i was being a witch . '' 
 she pauses here , presumably waiting to have someone refute that . 
 no one does . 
 she sighs . 
 `` i 'm probably partially to blame for you rebelling so hard . 
 so , i 've decided to take a page from your playbook and reassess my life . 
 changes will be made . '' 
 i 'm stunned . 
 this is amazing . 
 i gulp , then nod . 
 `` thank you , '' i tell her . 
 `` i do n't know what to say . '' 
 `` there 's nothing to say , '' she tells me . 
 `` everything will be alright , mia . '' 
 and once again , i believe that to be true . 
 everything really will be okay . 
 `` have you seen quinn ? '' 
 i ask . 
 my mother nods . 
 `` he was here for breakfast . 
 i think he went outside . '' 
 i chat for a moment longer before i go outside to find him . 
 reece stays inside to talk with my mom and wait for dante . 
 it does n't take me long to find quinn . 
 i just head down to the stables and there he is . 
 he is truly in his element with that horse . 
 that is for sure . 
 i walk up to the fence and call out a good morning . 
 he turns and i inhale sharply . 
 it looks like a truck has hit his face . 
 `` holy cow , '' i breathe . 
 `` your face . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` gee , thanks , '' he says . 
 `` just the kind of reaction i was looking for . '' 
 he 's joking and i smile . 
 `` does it hurt ? '' 
 i ask hesitantly . 
 he rolls the eye that is n't swollen . 
 `` it does n't feel wonderful . 
 but i 'm okay , '' he assures me . 
 i gaze at him , at his handsome , sexy face that is now swollen and distorted . 
 he smiles . 
 or i think he does . 
 with his cheek swollen like that , it 's hard to tell . 
 and then he rolls his eye . 
 the un-swollen one . 
 `` way to make me feel unselfconscious , tiny tot , '' he tells me wryly . 
 i wince . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 it just looks painful . 
 i 'm so sorry that this happened to you . 
 it 's my fault . 
 that 's what i was coming to say to you . 
 to apologize , i mean . '' 
 he stares at me like i 've suddenly grown two heads . 
 `` the last i knew , gavin was the one who attacked me , '' he tells me . 
 `` not you . 
 so do n't feel guilty at all , mia . 
 it 's not your fault . '' 
 `` if i had n't been so confused , gavin would n't have felt led on and this entire thing would n't have happened , '' i tell him sadly . 
 `` it is my fault . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` well , we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
 but on the off chance that you 're right and this is your fault , there 's something you can do to make it up to me . '' 
 he pauses here and grins . 
 or i think he does . 
 it 's hard to say at this point with all that swelling . 
 i choose to believe it is a grin and so i grin back . 
 `` and what would that be ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` you can finally teach me to swim , '' he answers . 
 `` if i 'm here in caberra , surrounded by the sea , i think it 's something i should know , do n't you ? '' 
 i smile and start to nod . 
 unfortunately , i do n't have time to agree because a car rolls to a stop next to the stable . 
 a police car from valese . 
 i 'm startled as two officers climb out and head over to us . 
 my heart pounds , although i do n't know why . 
 we have n't done anything wrong . 
 `` quinn mckeyen ? '' 
 one calls out in english . 
 quinn nods . 
 `` yes , that 's me . '' 
 he 's unconcerned because he knows that he has n't broken the law . 
 the officer pulls out a pair of handcuffs . 
 `` you 're under arrest for the assault of gavin ariastasis . 
 son , you picked the wrong boy to pick a fight with . 
 do n't you know who his father is ? '' 
 the officer snaps on the cuffs and i am dismayed and astounded . 
 so much so that i hear a roaring in my ears . 
 i 'm so flabbergasted that it takes a minute for me to come to my senses and say anything . 
 `` do n't you know whose property this is ? '' 
 i demand as i chase after them . 
 `` this is dimitri giliberti 's property , as i 'm sure you know . 
 i do n't think he 'll like finding out that you 've just arrested his house guest . '' 
 the officer levels a gaze at me . 
 `` miss , there 's one thing about our prime minister . 
 he 's always fair . 
 if his own son broke the law , he would n't step in to pull any strings . 
 he believes that the law is the same for everyone . '' 
 i gulp because i know he 's right . 
 dimitri is known for that . 
 `` but quinn was only protecting himself , '' i attempt . 
 `` i was there . 
 i saw it . 
 it was self-defense . 
 gavin started it . 
 and i ca n't believe gavin would press charges . '' 
 the other officer interrupts . 
 `` it was n't gavin who came down to the police station today . 
 it was his father . 
 you 'll have to take it up with him . '' 
 eff . 
 gavin 's father does have a temper . 
 no one likes to cross him . 
 in fact , it 's probably one of the reasons why gavin has always chosen to be so laid back . 
 he wants to be the opposite of his high-strung father . 
 eff again . 
 `` quinn , do n't worry , '' i call to him as they put him in the car . 
 `` i 'm going to get dante . 
 and my dad , too . '' 
 then it occurs to me . 
 my dad is every bit as important as gavin 's . 
 so i call out to the officers . 
 `` do you know who my dad is ? 
 i 'll have him down at the station before you can even blink . 
 maybe he 'll even meet you there . '' 
 quinn is shaking his head but i ca n't hear what he is saying because the door is closed now . 
 i 'm guessing he 's telling me not to drag my father into it . 
 but holy hell . 
 this entire mess is my fault and i 've never asked my dad for any favors . 
 i think it 's about time to start . 
 i am watching limply as the police car rolls back out when reece comes to find me . 
 `` is that what i think it was ? '' 
 she asks curiously . 
 i nod miserably . 
 `` yes . 
 and quinn 's in the backseat . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she is as appalled as me . 
 i tug at her hand . 
 `` come on . 
 we have work to do . '' 
 ******** to my mother 's credit , she drops what she is doing to drive me to see my father . 
 i explain the entire situation to her on the way and she actually seems sympathetic . 
 i have no idea what has come over her , but i hope it never goes away . 
 and while i am going to see my father , dante is going to see his . 
 we both tried to call gavin , but he 's not picking up his phone . 
 i ca n't imagine what is going through his head , other than he probably does n't want to go against his father . 
 but still . 
 if ever there was a time for him take a stand , now is the time . 
 my father is surprised when my mom and i burst into his large office in the old palace . 
 he is even more surprised after i tell him why . 
 `` quinn ? 
 the nice boy who is dimitri 's exchange student ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i nod . 
 `` yes . 
 and he is a nice boy . 
 what happened was n't his fault . 
 and i 'm afraid that if these charges go through , he 'll have to go back to america . 
 and that 's not fair . '' 
 my father studies me . 
 `` and you do n't want him to leave . '' 
 it 's an observation , not a question . 
 i flush , but i do n't deny it . 
 `` no , sir . 
 i do n't . '' 
 i even call him sir . 
 he thinks about this and stares out this window . 
 i 've never asked him for any kind of favor before . 
 i 've never , ever played on his status or importance . 
 not even one time . 
 and i think he realizes that because he finally sighs . 
 `` okay , mia . 
 i 'll talk to dimitri . 
 but i 'll also speak with gavin 's father . 
 surely , if it is as you are saying and gavin started it , he will see reason . '' 
 but even my father does n't sound hopeful about that one . 
 gavin 's father is n't known for his reason . 
 `` the best thing you can do is go wait at the police station . 
 i 'm sure he will be released on bail today because this is his first offense , correct ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i think so . 
 i 'm sure it is . '' 
 my father nods . 
 `` good . 
 go wait at the police station . 
 your mother can bail him out . '' 
 my mother looks a bit surprised by daddy 's willingness to help , but she seems satisfied with it . 
 i 'm overwhelmed by my parents ' behavior today and i rush at my dad and hug him . 
 `` thank you , daddy , '' i whisper . 
 `` thank you so much . '' 
 i feel a tear coming out of my eye and i wipe it away . 
 my father stares at me in surprise . 
 i do n't usually cry in front of him . 
 or hug him . 
 or show him any emotion at all other than anger . 
 i smile . 
 `` i really appreciate this , daddy . '' 
 i leave with my mom and she drives me to the police station , a place that neither of us have ever been . 
 i ca n't even believe that my mother , the woman who just recently would n't bring herself to eat in a kitchen , is now going to walk into a police station to post bail . 
 it 's incredible . 
 and a little funny . 
 i ca n't help but laugh about it , and so when my mom asks what i 'm laughing about , i tell her and she laughs too . 
 `` mia , i know that i 've been a stuck up snob . 
 it 's easy to get sucked into that kind of thing . 
 and i 'll probably always be a bit of a one . 
 you ca n't completely change a person . 
 but i 'll try to be a nicer snob . 
 how about that ? '' 
 i feel like crying again . 
 but i do n't . 
 instead , i smile and nod and my mother and i square our shoulders and disappear into the community police station of valese . 
 there 's someone i have to save . 
 chapter twenty two `` i told you , '' quinn tells me yet again . 
 `` i 'm fine , mia . 
 do n't stress about this . 
 it 's going to be fine . '' 
 the person who i saved turned out to be quite calm when we rescued him . 
 when he came walking out of the back hall of the police department , i thought my knees were going to give out . 
 his eyes met mine and i knew that i would do anything i possibly could to keep him out of trouble and in caberra . 
 with me . 
 it was an intense moment . 
 and now we 're standing in the great room at giliberti house . 
 well , scratch that . 
 we 're not standing . 
 i 'm pacing around like a mad woman , while dante , reece , quinn and my mother are all sitting . 
 calmly . 
 like rational adults . 
 i 'm the only one acting like a lunatic . 
 i recently had a head injury , though , so i have an excuse . 
 `` it 's not fine , '' i tell him . 
 then i grit my teeth . 
 i 've been gritting my teeth so much that i 'm giving myself a headache . 
 `` we had to bail you out of jail . 
 if we do n't get this straightened out , they 'll send you home-for something that was n't even your fault . '' 
 `` mia , '' my mom interjects . 
 `` there is no use pacing around here and worrying . 
 we have attorneys looking at this and your father is attempting to speak with stefan ariastasis . 
 perhaps he will see reason and this will just fade away . '' 
 `` fat chance , '' i mutter . 
 `` gavin 's dad is n't reasonable . '' 
 `` well , perhaps he will be this time , '' my mother insists . 
 `` i want you to go outside and take a walk . 
 you should get some fresh air . 
 you need a distraction . '' 
 `` speaking of distractions , '' dante interjects . 
 `` my father is christening our new yacht today . 
 it 's sort of sentimental , actually , since we 're replacing the boat we could have been killed on with a new one . 
 plus , our old yacht was named after my mother . 
 and our new one is named for reece . '' 
 this surprises me , because i did n't know anything about this . 
 but then , i 've been wrapped up in my own problems lately . 
 suddenly , i feel like a terrible friend . 
 `` i did n't know any of this , d , '' i tell him . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 what are you naming it ? '' 
 dante grins , a brilliantly white smile that is full of pure adoration as he stares at reece . 
 `` the sunflower . '' 
 i have to smile . 
 kansas , reece 's native state in america , is apparently filled with sunflowers . 
 it 's why dante is always calling her his sunflower . 
 and i get a huge lump in my throat because this is the sweetest thing on the planet . 
 `` that is so sweet , '' i tell him . 
 i do n't know why my eyes feel like tearing up . 
 i 've been so emotional lately . 
 so again , i blame it on my injury . 
 that injury comes in sort of handy . 
 `` is n't it ? '' 
 reece asks happily . 
 `` i could n't believe it when he told me . '' 
 i can believe it . 
 dante adores her . 
 and i 'm suddenly once again envious of their relationship . 
 i feel ashamed of that envy though . 
 if anyone deserves it , it 's them . 
 `` so , we 're christening it today , '' dante continues . 
 `` and i know it seems like a bad time , but it might be a good distraction for you to come . 
 we 're having a little party on the boat afterward for close friends and it might be a good opportunity to talk with stefan . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 `` that 's an excellent idea , '' i tell him . 
 i glance at quinn . 
 `` want to go ? '' 
 he shrugs and smiles . 
 `` sure . 
 apparently , i 've never met a party that i did n't like . '' 
 he 's so casual and cool and collected about everything that it makes my heart constrict . 
 if it were me , i 'd be flying off the handle and freaking out . 
 but he 's not . 
 he 's as calm as can be . 
 we 're like yin and yang . 
 perfect opposites . 
 `` how about we go for that walk now ? '' 
 quinn asks me quietly . 
 `` sure , '' i tell him . 
 we leave everyone else in the great room as we head out the back doors into the fragrant gardens . 
 `` your concern for me is sweet , '' he tells me as we walk down the picturesque winding stone path . 
 i glance at him . 
 `` of course i 'm concerned for you . 
 i ca n't believe this is happening . 
 you ca n't go home right now . 
 you just ... ca n't . '' 
 he stops . 
 we 're hidden behind flower vines now , a good distance from the house beneath our own little canopy of white flowers . 
 i gulp a big mouthful of the scented air . 
 `` is there a reason why not ? '' 
 he asks huskily . 
 `` is there a reason why you want me to stay ? '' 
 i am frozen as i look into his brown eyes . 
 there are hundreds of reasons . 
 i ca n't even begin to list them . 
 `` yes , '' i say simply . 
 and i lean up and press my lips to his , pulling his face down to meet mine . 
 i wrap my arms around his neck and i feel like i do n't ever want to let go . 
 and at that realization , i pull away , breathless . 
 `` there is a reason . 
 it 's because i do n't ever want you to leave , '' i tell him . 
 `` i want you to stay here with me . 
 i think i 'm falling in love with you . '' 
 quinn sucks in his breath and pulls me back to him . 
 his lips crush mine and he lifts me up . 
 i circle his strong waist with my legs and he holds me there , for what seems like an eternity . 
 i am surrounded by his musky male scent and his muscular arms . 
 i love being in his arms . 
 so i tell him that . 
 and he squeezes me tighter . 
 i kiss him until i ca n't breathe . 
 and then i tell him that i ca n't breathe . 
 he laughs and slides me to the ground . 
 `` what am i going to do with you ? '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 i grin . 
 `` you 're going to figure out how to get out of this mess and stay here with me for the rest of the year . 
 and we 're going to date . 
 and then you 're going to fall in love with me , too . '' 
 i stare at him . 
 he stares back . 
 `` what makes you think that i have n't already gotten started on that ? '' 
 i smile . 
 `` have you ? '' 
 he nods slowly . 
 `` mia , i 've been falling in love with you for weeks . '' 
 it 's my turn to suck in my breath . 
 and then i kiss him again . 
 and again . 
 and again . 
 and then one more time for good measure . 
 `` we 're going to live happily ever after , '' i tell him . 
 quinn stares at me . 
 `` oh , we will , will we ? 
 i thought happily ever after was just a fairy tale thing ? '' 
 i sniff . 
 `` shows how much you know . 
 besides , we live in paradise , quinn . 
 obviously , we live in a real life fairy tale . '' 
 `` hmm , '' he answers . 
 `` i did n't realize that fairy tales had police stations and handcuffs and black eyes . 
 but i 'll take your word for it . '' 
 he grabs my hand and we continue walking . 
 `` quinn , my dad will talk to stefan . 
 and we 'll get this sorted out . '' 
 quinn glances at me . 
 `` thank you , mia . 
 for believing in me so strongly that you went to bat with your father . 
 i know that was hard for you . '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` it turned out to be pretty painless . 
 so , do n't mention it . 
 until such time that i need to call in a favor and then i 'll mention it . '' 
 quinn laughs . 
 `` hmm . 
 okay . 
 the next time i have to save your topless ass from paparazzi , you can mention it . '' 
 i laugh and feel warm , fluttery feelings . 
 we walk and chat for quite a while longer . 
 quinn picks me flowers and i carry them . 
 we stop periodically and kiss . 
 and then kiss more . 
 i love the dimple that he gets when he smiles . 
 and i love his lop-sided grin . 
 and the way he always tastes like mint . 
 i tell him these things and he shakes his head , making me realize that i also love it when he shakes his head . 
 so i tell him that , too . 
 he says that he thinks that my head injury might have done more damage than we originally thought . 
 so i smack him on the arm . 
 then kiss him so more . 
 after an hour or so , dante and reece come out and find us and we sit and have lemonade on the veranda . 
 reece watches the way i hang onto quinn 's arm with a knowing smile . 
 but she does n't say anything . 
 and no one has been able to reach gavin yet . 
 but we put it out of our minds . 
 it has to work out . 
 it has to . 
 reece and i go change our clothes into sundresses . 
 mine is hot pink , my new signature color . 
 i wear strappy sandals and pink lip gloss . 
 i 've decided that i enjoy being a girly girl . 
 sort of . 
 i also blame this on my brain injury . 
 dante and reece have to leave for the christening early , so quinn and i ride together in darius ' truck . 
 i slide over and sit in the middle . 
 our ride is silent , but he reaches over and grabs my hand , holding it on his leg . 
 it feels so good to be here with him . 
 i lay my head on his shoulder and close my eyes . 
 we have to fix this . 
 we so have to fix this . 
 when we arrive at the pier , there is a small crowd already formed . 
 the crowd quickly gets bigger . 
 the caberrans see this christening as a sign of re-birth . 
 after the assassination attempt last year and the earthquake , it is a step forward . 
 a symbol . 
 it says , we can move on no matter what obstacles we face . 
 it causes a lump to form in my throat . 
 we are allowed to board the boat because we have a personal invitation from dimitri . 
 so , we stand behind him with dante and reece as dimitri speaks . 
 he speaks of hope and grace , of strength and patriotism . 
 he speaks of enthusiasm and hard work and faith and love . 
 my throat constricts more with each word that he speaks . 
 quinn squeezes my hand . 
 i lean into his side . 
 finally , the champagne bottle is broken on the side of the beautiful new yacht and the ceremony is over . 
 quinn and i take a tour of the sunflower and i am astounded at the beauty of it . 
 it 's gorgeous and bright and modern . 
 there are bedrooms and a galley and sitting rooms . 
 there is a wrap-around balcony with a railing and there are reading nooks . 
 there is a hot tub , even . 
 it 's a gorgeous boat . 
 but the one thing we do n't find on our tour , is gavin . 
 or stefan . 
 and that makes me feel nauseas . 
 how can i plead quinn 's case if i ca n't find them ? 
 i console myself with crab cakes and a glass of champagne . 
 quinn has a glass too and reminds me that the drinking age in america is twenty-one . 
 he ca n't get over that it is legal here for us . 
 i am not as enthralled with that because this is normal for me . 
 we make our way to a sitting area on the stern of the sunflower . 
 surprisingly , there is no one out here and we are alone . 
 i perch on the cushioned edge of the seat and stare out at the rippling turquoise water . 
 quinn pulls me into his lap . 
 and he nuzzles my neck and kisses me until i 'm breathless . 
 goosebumps form wherever his lips touch and i shiver from the sheer pleasure of it . 
 `` you 're so strong , '' i tell him as i run my fingers lightly across his chest . 
 he smiles . 
 `` and you 're so small . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` true . '' 
 `` i feel like you might fit in my pocket , '' he says conversationally . 
 he pulls me more tightly against him . 
 `` mia , even if i have to go home , we can make it work . 
 look at dante and reece . 
 they managed it , until dante went to america . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` but they were miserable , '' i tell him . 
 `` that 's why dante went to america . 
 and they 've been together ever since . '' 
 `` i know , '' he says quietly . 
 `` but we 'll figure it out . 
 look how much we 've overcome already . 
 you had a brain injury for god 's sake . 
 and here we are now - you 're sitting on my lap and you 're in love with me . '' 
 `` i 'm falling in love with you , '' i remind him laughingly . 
 `` do n't get ahead of yourself , awesome one . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` heaven forbid , '' he answers . 
 `` let me know when you 're there , okay ? 
 that might be a good thing for me to know . '' 
 i laugh , but before i can answer , before i can tell that i do , in fact , love him right now , reece pops her head out . 
 `` there you are ! '' 
 she walks out onto the deck . 
 `` i 've been hunting for you everywhere . 
 gavin 's here . 
 he arrived an hour ago . 
 you should go talk to him , mia . 
 he might listen to you . '' 
 i 'm already up and on my way . 
 quinn stays with reece , because that 's the smart thing to do . 
 but i weave through the crowded rooms . 
 and i do n't see him . 
 i walk all around the yacht on the deck and do n't see him . 
 i search through the galleys and the reading nooks . 
 i do n't see him . 
 and then i head to the upper deck . 
 after walking around the deck walkway , i head down a middle hall . 
 and i hear him laugh . 
 there is no one up here because this is where the bedrooms are . 
 but i hear him laugh again . 
 he 's definitely here . 
 i follow the sound . 
 right to a bedroom door . 
 what the hell ? 
 i push the door open and am shocked beyond belief . 
 it 's gavin alright . 
 and he 's nak * d. and he 's not alone . 
 gavin and elena are in bed . 
 together . 
 what . 
 the . 
 hell . 
 `` mia ! '' 
 gavin exclaims . 
 he yanks the bedcovers up over elena 's nak * d body and i am frozen in the doorway . 
 i ca n't believe my eyes . 
 a week ago , i would have been devastated because i thought i was falling in love with gavin . 
 thank god i have my memories back and know otherwise . 
 because this would have crushed my heart . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i murmur . 
 i ca n't tear my eyes away from gavin 's . 
 his are troubled . 
 he did n't want me to see this . 
 that much is apparent . 
 `` what 's it look like , mia ? 
 god ! '' 
 elena snaps . 
 and we 're clearly back to normal now . 
 ice bitch is back to being bitchy . 
 only now , i 've got the upper-hand . 
 i realize that in a rush . 
 they wo n't want anyone to know about this , so they 're at a huge disadvantage . 
 i hate to play hardball with gavin but the fate of my happiness hangs in the balance . 
 `` gavin , seriously ! 
 here ? 
 on dimitri 's new boat ? 
 what the hell do you think he 'd say if he knew ? '' 
 i snap . 
 gavin looks a bit dismayed . 
 as he should . 
 `` he wo n't find out , '' gavin says slowly . 
 `` and dante wo n't either . 
 will he , mia ? '' 
 he looks at me pointedly . 
 my heart clenches a little . 
 i do love gavin , even if it is only like a brother or a best friend . 
 i look at elena . 
 `` get dressed and get out . 
 i need to talk to gavin . '' 
 she practically snarls at me , but she does pull her clothes on . 
 she flounces past me in a huff . 
 `` i 'd better not hear people talking about this , mia . 
 or there will be hell to pay ! '' 
 i do n't even bother to answer her . 
 i wait until she 's gone and then i close the door . 
 and then i sit next to gavin . 
 `` gav , seriously . 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 he sighs . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i do n't know what i 'm doing , apparently . 
 she was rubbing herself on me like she always does and i felt rejected by you and it seemed like a good idea at the time . 
 obviously , it was n't . 
 please tell me you are n't going to tell anyone , mi . '' 
 i reach up and touch his face . 
 his eye is still swollen and black from where quinn punched him . 
 `` i 'm sorry all of this happened , '' i tell him softly . 
 `` i 'm sorry that you and quinn fought . 
 i 'm sorry that i drove you to that . 
 i 'm sorry that i did n't know what i wanted - and that i led you on , i guess . 
 i did n't mean to , but i did . 
 and i hate that i hurt you , gav . 
 i love you like a brother - like a best friend . 
 because you are my best friend , and i 'm so worried that i 've lost you . '' 
 i 'm crying now . 
 all of a sudden . 
 the tears just start streaking down my face and i wipe at them . 
 gavin pulls me to him . 
 he smells like sex , but i ignore that part . 
 i focus instead on the comforting way that he 's patting my back . 
 `` mia , do n't cry , '' he whispers into my hair . 
 `` i love you too . 
 and you know what ? 
 it 's okay . 
 you and i were n't meant to be . 
 we were n't . 
 if we were , we would have realized it a long time ago . 
 you 're my best friend , too . 
 and i 'm sorry about everything . '' 
 i pull away and look at him . 
 `` so , we 're good ? '' 
 he nods . 
 `` we 'll always be good . '' 
 i exhale slowly . 
 knowing that i have n't lost him is the biggest sense of relief i 've ever felt . 
 but then i remember why i 'm here . 
 i stare into his eyes . 
 `` gav , you 've got to talk to your dad . 
 it 's not right that he 's pressing charges against quinn . 
 quinn was only protecting himself and you know it . '' 
 gavin looks uncomfortable and fidgets a bit . 
 `` i ca n't control my dad , '' he finally says . 
 `` you know that . 
 you know how he is . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i do . 
 but in this instance , you 've got to . 
 it 's not fair to send quinn back to america now . 
 not for something that was n't his fault . 
 you were mad at me , at the situation and you took it out on quinn . 
 he should n't have to pay the price for that . '' 
 gavin is still hesitating , so i have to use my leverage . 
 the leverage that i do n't want to use . 
 `` gav , if you make your father drop the charges , i will never breathe a word of what i saw here today . 
 ever . 
 not to anyone . 
 not to reece , not to dante , not to dante 's father . '' 
 gavin stares at me , his gaze a bit cool . 
 `` and if i do n't ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` let 's not worry about that , okay ? 
 because i know you 'll do the right thing and make your father drop this . '' 
 the moment is charged . 
 gavin 's eyes are pissed . 
 i can see that . 
 but he has to know that i 'm right . 
 and the fact that i even had to use this situation as leverage make me angry too . 
 `` gavin , this is ridiculous . 
 you 're a better person than this . 
 you know what the right thing to do is . 
 you 're a good person-just do the right thing . '' 
 we 're having a stare-down . 
 his dark gaze meets mine . 
 and holds . 
 and holds . 
 and holds until i grow fidgety and uncomfortable . 
 and then finally he sighs . 
 `` fine . 
 you 're right . 
 i was pissed because things did n't turn out the way i 'd hoped . 
 i 'll talk to my father tonight . 
 we 'll get it straightened out . 
 you 're right . 
 quinn does n't deserve this . '' 
 a rush of relief floods through me . 
 `` thank you , '' i murmur . 
 i reach over and grab his hand . 
 `` thank you . 
 i appreciate this so much . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` i know . 
 and it 's the right thing to do . 
 i 'm sorry that he was arrested in the first place . 
 my dad was angry and i could n't talk him out of it . '' 
 `` i know , '' i tell him . 
 `` that 's exactly what we thought happened . '' 
 gavin gets dressed and we find dante , reece and quinn . 
 before anyone can say anything , gavin steps forward and holds his hand out to quinn . 
 quinn shakes it without hesitation . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' gavin tells him . 
 `` i should n't have punched you . 
 or shoved you . 
 it was n't your fault that the situation frustrated me . 
 i hope you can forgive me . 
 i 'm going to talk to my dad tonight and convince him to drop the charges . '' 
 quinn nods and accepts his apology . 
 and then we all sit and chat for another hour . 
 it 's so surreal that i ca n't even believe that it 's happening . 
 but it is . 
 and we actually have fun , all curled up on the stern of the sunflower , sipping at champagne and eating appetizers . 
 we laugh , we joke , and things almost seem normal . 
 i do n't say a word about finding gavin with elena and i do n't see her again all evening . 
 gavin does n't even seem to notice her absence . 
 later in the night , after we go back to giliberti house , gavin calls and tells me that his father agreed to let the whole thing go . 
 i exhale a long sigh of relief and i feel like the weight of the world has slipped from my shoulders . 
 i did n't even realize how uptight i was about it until this moment . 
 and in this moment , i feel like i could fly . 
 so i fly down the hall and tell quinn the good news . 
 it is morning before i creep quietly back to my own room . 
 apparently , new mia 's boyfriend is sexy as hell and has mad-bedroom-skills . 
 i smile as i close my bedroom door softly behind me . 
 my knees are still weak , but i do n't meow at myself this time . 
 anyone 's knees would be weak after the night that i had . 
 chapter twenty-three two months later reece and i are meowing at quinn . 
 this is not unusual . 
 every chance we get , we do it . 
 it 's hilarious . 
 or we 're just easily entertained . 
 one or the other . 
 this time , it is because quinn is refusing to wear a speedo in the normal european fashion . 
 he insists on sticking to swim trunks . 
 although the point of him wearing a suit at all is sort of moot . 
 he still ca n't swim . 
 we 're at the beach today . 
 dante and reece stayed in caberra and school finally resumed after construction was complete , but we 're out for christmas break now . 
 it 's been a hectic and stressful past couple of months . 
 we 've worked our tails off , volunteering on different clean-up committees , to get valese back to the beautiful , pristine city that it should be . 
 and we 've succeeded . 
 you almost ca n't tell that an earthquake ever hit . 
 sadly , the construction on my own home is almost finished and i 'll be moving back home within the month . 
 i say sadly because i love being out at giliberti house with quinn , dante and reece . 
 but i 'll just have to make the drive to visit them after i move . 
 every day . 
 maybe even twice a day . 
 `` quinn , just grow a pair and wear the speedo , '' gavin shouts from down the beach . 
 he and quinn have patched up their differences in the way that only boys can and even consider each other a friend again . 
 it will never cease to amaze me how boys can get mad , get in a physical fight and then get over it . 
 the male species is truly weird . 
 gavin shouts again , louder this time for effect . 
 `` just grow a set ! '' 
 quinn runs him down , then tackles him to the ground and they roll in the sand for a bit . 
 somehow , and i do n't exactly know how , gavin 's speedos end up floating on the waves of the sea . 
 reece and i look at each other and laugh before we resume looking at our magazines from the safety of our beach chairs . 
 the boys rough-house for a while longer and then dante joins them to throw a frisbee around . 
 as i look around , at my laughing friends , at the beautiful sea , at my bff next to me , i ca n't believe how lucky i am . 
 life really does seem like a fairy tale . 
 but even fairy tales come to an end . 
 i swallow hard as i remember that sad fact . 
 we 're all looking at colleges now though and i know that our happy little group will split apart next year . 
 gavin and i are looking at cambridge , while dante and reece are looking at colleges in the states . 
 quinn has n't decided yet what he 'd like to do . 
 i 'm hoping that he will come with me , though . 
 yes , that is selfish . 
 but honestly , cambridge ? 
 it 's not exactly like it 's a hardship . 
 and even though some things end , endings are just doors closing so that new doors can open , right ? 
 i watch quinn now , his muscles flexing and moving as he dives to catch the frisbee . 
 he holds it up , showing the others that he did , in fact , catch it before it hit the ground . 
 then he crows because he won . 
 he makes his way over to me and with the sunlight shining from behind him , he is heart-stoppingly gorgeous . 
 seriously . 
 i squint up at him as he holds a hand out . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i ask him , then grin . 
 `` come on , '' he tells me . 
 `` you 've got a deal to uphold . '' 
 i 'm confused and i tell him that . 
 he smiles . 
 `` you were supposed to teach me to swim months ago . 
 and you have n't yet . '' 
 i consider that . 
 `` true , '' i tell him . 
 `` but we 've been busy with other things . 
 like , you know , rebuilding a city . '' 
 he laughs and pulls me to my feet . 
 `` excuses , excuses , '' he chuckles . 
 `` i do n't see a hammer in your hand right now . 
 i think you can fit me in . '' 
 he wraps his arm around my waist and i tuck myself into his side . 
 we walk leisurely down the beach and i stare up at him . 
 `` i 'm lucky , '' i tell him suddenly . 
 and he looks down at me in surprise . 
 `` why is that ? '' 
 `` because i 've got my very own american cowboy . '' 
 he smiles and shakes his head . 
 `` i 've told you . 
 you do n't have to keep calling me that . 
 awesome one will do . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 but he is awesome . 
 i 'm just never going to admit that to him . 
 he 's cocky enough as it is ... but that 's just the way i like him . 
 the sun beats down on our shoulders as we walk down to a pier . 
 the sea laps softly at the wood and i stare down at the clear water . 
 i tell him again the mechanics of swimming . 
 and he nods . 
 `` got it , '' he tells me . 
 `` keep my head up , relax and float . 
 i can do it . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` yes , you can . 
 and i 'll be right there with you . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` i think we 've established this , mi . 
 you ca n't save me . 
 you 're half my size . '' 
 i roll my eyes . 
 `` i 've saved you already , '' i tell him . 
 `` i 've saved you from an empty life without me in it . '' 
 i 'm totally joking , of course , but he nods . 
 he seems thoughtful . 
 `` mia , '' he says huskily , as he pulls me to him . 
 `` i was just wondering about something . 
 remember a couple of months ago ... you said you were falling for me . 
 then you said you were n't quite there . 
 you were going to let me know when you were , but you 've never said anything . '' 
 he pauses . 
 and pauses . 
 and looks at me with an eyebrow raised . 
 i sigh happily . 
 and smile . 
 `` i 'm there , '' i tell him . 
 `` i love you , quinn mckeyen . 
 i thought you already knew . '' 
 he grins and my knees weaken . 
 `` i do , '' he admits . 
 `` i 've known all along . 
 i just wanted to hear you say it . '' 
 `` i love you , '' i tell him softly . 
 then i lean up on my tiptoes and whisper into his ear . 
 `` i love you . 
 forever and ever and ever . '' 
 he grins and grabs my hand . 
 `` forever and ever and ever ? '' 
 he raises an eyebrow now . 
 i nod . 
 `` yep . 
 i told you-this is our own personal fairy tale . '' 
 he laughs and i squeeze his hand . 
 `` on three , okay ? '' 
 he nods . 
 we count to three . 
 and then we jump . 
 the end 
