 jenny glanced back over her shoulder . 
 they were still behind her , on the other side of the street but definitely following . 
 they matched their pace to hers ; when she slowed to pretend to look in a store window , they slowed , too . 
 there were two of them , one dressed in a black t-shirt and leather vest , with a black bandanna on his head , the other in a long flannel shirt , black-and-blue plaid , unbuttoned . 
 also unwashed . 
 they both looked like trouble . 
 the game store was a few blocks ahead . 
 jenny quickened her pace a little . 
 this was n't the best neighborhood in town , and she 'd come here specifically because she did n't want any of her friends to see her . 
 she had n't realized , though , that eastman avenue had gotten quite so rough . 
 after the last riots the police had cleared things up , but many of the vandalized stores still had boarded windows , which gave jenny a creeping feeling between her shoulder blades . 
 they were like bandaged eyes turned toward her . 
 not at all the place to be at dusk-but it was n't dusk yet , jenny told herself fiercely . 
 if only those two guys would turn off onto another street . 
 her heart was beating unpleasantly hard . 
 maybe they had turned ... she slowed again , her feet in their lace-up canvas tretons making no sound on the dirty sidewalk . 
 from behind and to the left she heard the flat smack of running shoes and the clack of bootheels . 
 the footsteps slowed . 
 they were still there . 
 do n't look back , she told herself . 
 think . 
 you have to cross over at joshua street to get to the store-but that means crossing left , to their side of the street . 
 bad idea , jenny . 
 while you 're crossing they can catch up to you . 
 all right , then , she 'd turn off before that , she 'd go right on this next street up here-what was it ? 
 montevideo . 
 she 'd go right on montevideo , and then she 'd find a store to duck into , a place to hide until the two guys had passed by . 
 the tower records on the corner of eastman and montevideo was no longer in business . 
 too bad . 
 back straight , stubbornly pretending she was perfectly calm , jenny walked by the darkened windows . 
 she caught a glimpse of herself in one of them : a slender girl with hair that michael had once said was the color of honey in sunlight . 
 her eyebrows were straight , like two decisive brush strokes , and her forest-green eyes were dark as pine needles and even more serious than usual . 
 she looked worried . 
 she turned right at the cross street . 
 as soon as she was out of sight of eastman avenue , she stopped and stood as still as a deer , backpack swinging from her hand , eyes desperately scanning montevideo for cover . 
 directly opposite her was a vacant lot and beside that a thai restaurant , closed . 
 behind her the looming bulk of the record store presented a blank wall to the street all the way down to the park . 
 no cover . 
 nowhere to hide . 
 jenny 's neck prickled and her little fingers began to tingle . 
 she turned toward eastman and hugged the wall , tossing back her hair to listen . 
 were those footsteps or just the sick thudding of her own heart ? 
 she wished that tom were with her . 
 but of course that was the whole point . 
 tom could n't be with her , since it was his party she was shopping for . 
 it was supposed to have been a pool party . 
 jenny thornton was known for her pool parties , and here in southern california late april was a perfectly reasonable time to have one . 
 the temperature often hovered in the mid-seventies at night , and the thornton pool glowed like a huge blue-green jewel in the backyard , giving off little wisps of steam from its surface . 
 the perfect setting for an outdoor barbecue . 
 then three days ago the cold snap had come ... and jenny 's plans were ruined . 
 nobody except polar bears swam in this kind of weather . 
 she 'd meant to rethink things , to come up with some other brilliant idea , but it had been one of those weeks . 
 summer 's fourteen-year-old schnauzer had finally had to be put to sleep , and summer had needed jenny for moral support . 
 dee had taken a kung fu exam , and jenny had gone to cheer her on . 
 audrey and michael had had a fight , and zach had had the flu ... and then suddenly it had been friday afternoon , with just hours to go before the party and everyone expecting something special-and nothing set up . 
 fortunately an idea had come to her in the middle of computer applications class . 
 a game . 
 people gave murder mystery parties and pictionary parties and things like that . 
 why not a game tonight ? 
 it would have to be a very special game , of course . 
 something chic enough for audrey , sexy enough for tom , and even scary , if possible , to keep dee 's interest . 
 something seven people could play at once . 
 vague notions had run through jenny 's head of the only really exciting games she 'd ever played as a child . 
 not the ones the adults arranged , but the kind you devised on your own once they were safely out of the house . 
 truth or dare and spin the bottle . 
 some combination of those two-only more sophisticated , of course , more suited to juniors in high school-would be ideal . 
 that was what had brought her to eastman avenue . 
 she 'd known perfectly well it was n't the best neighborhood , but she 'd figured that at least none of her friends would see her and find out about this last-minute scramble for entertainment . 
 jenny had gotten herself into this mess ; she would get herself out of it . 
 only now the mess was getting bigger than she 'd bargained for . 
 she could definitely hear footsteps now . 
 they sounded very close and were approaching quickly . 
 jenny looked down montevideo again , her mind taking in irrelevant details with obsessive precision . 
 the record store wall was not truly blank after all . 
 there was a mural on it , a mural of a street that looked much like eastman avenue before the riots . 
 strange-parts of the mural looked real . 
 like that storefront painted in the middle , the one with the sign jenny could n't quite make out . 
 it had a door that looked real : the handle seemed three dimensional . 
 in fact ... startled , jenny took a step toward it . 
 the knob appeared to change shape as she moved , like any three-dimensional object . 
 she looked more closely and found she could see the difference in texture between the wooden door and the painted concrete wall . 
 the door was real . 
 it could n't be-but it was . 
 there was a door stuck in the middle of the mural . 
 why , jenny did n't know . 
 there was n't time to wonder about it . 
 jenny needed to get off the street , and if this door was unlocked ... impulsively she took hold of the knob . 
 it was cool as china and it turned in her hand . 
 the door swung inward . 
 jenny could see a dimly lit room . 
 one instant of hesitation , then she stepped inside . 
 just as she did , she consciously took in the sign above the door . 
 it read : `` more games . '' 
 i here was a push-button lock on the inside doorknob , and jenny depressed it . 
 there were no windows looking out on montevideo , of course , so she could n't see whether the two guys had followed her . 
 still , she had a tremendous feeling of relief . 
 no one was going to find her in here . 
 then she thought , more games ? 
 she had often seen signs reading `` more books '' in the arty , shabby used bookstores around here , signs with an arrow pointing up a narrow staircase to another floor . 
 but how could there be more games when there had n't been any games at all yet ? 
 just the fact that it happened to be a game store she 'd stumbled onto was strange , but very convenient . 
 she could do her shopping while she waited for the tough guys to go away . 
 the owner would probably be glad to have her ; with that mural camouflaging the door they could n't do much business here . 
 as she looked around she saw just how strange the store really was . 
 even stranger than the usual odd shops around eastman avenue . 
 the room was lit by one small window and several old-fashioned lamps with stained-glass shades . 
 there were shelves and tables and racks like any other store , but the objects on them were so exotic that jenny felt as if she 'd stepped into another world . 
 were they all games ? 
 they could n't be . 
 jenny 's mind filled suddenly with wild images from the arabian nights , images of foreign bazaars where anything-anything-might be sold . 
 she stared around at the shelves in amazement . 
 god , what a weird chessboard . 
 triangular . 
 could anybody really play on a board like that ? 
 and there was another one , with strange , squat chessmen carved of rock crystal . 
 it looked more than antique - it looked positively ancient . 
 so did a metalwork box covered with arabesques and inscriptions . 
 it was made of brass or maybe bronze , decorated with gold and silver and arabic writing . 
 whatever was in that box , jenny knew she could n't afford it . 
 some of the games she could identify , like the mahogany mah-jongg table with ivory tiles spilled carelessly on the green felt top . 
 others , like a narrow enameled case crawling with hieroglyphics , and a red box embossed with a gold star of david in a circle , she had never seen before . 
 there were dice of every size and description : some twelve-sided , some shaped like pyramids , and some ordinary cubical ones made of odd materials . 
 there were card decks fantastically colored like illuminated manuscripts . 
 strangest of all , the weird antique things were intermixed with weird ultramodern things . 
 a cork bulletin board on the back wall sported signs reading : `` flame . '' 
 `` rant . '' 
 `` rave . '' 
 `` surf the edge . '' 
 `` cheap thrills . '' 
 cyberpunk , jenny thought , vaguely recognizing the terms . 
 maybe they sold computer games here , too . 
 from a boom box on the counter came 120-beat-a-minute acid house music . 
 this , thought jenny , is a very peculiar place . 
 it felt so-cut off-from everything outside . 
 as if time did n't exist here , or ran differently somehow . 
 even the dusty sunlight slanting in that one window seemed wrong . 
 jenny would have sworn the light should have been coming from the other direction . 
 a chill went through her . 
 you 're mixed up , she told herself . 
 disoriented . 
 and no wonder , after the day you 've had-after the week you 've had . 
 just concentrate on finding a game , if there 's anything here that you can actually play . 
 there was another sign on the board , a sort of square : w e l c o m e t o m y w o r l d jenny tilted her head , examining it . 
 what did the letters say ? 
 oh , of course , she had it now . 
 welcome ... `` can i help you ? '' 
 the voice spoke from right behind her . 
 jenny turned-and lost her breath . 
 eyes . 
 blue eyes . 
 except that they were n't just blue , they were a shade jenny could n't describe . 
 the only place she 'd seen a blue like that was once when she 'd happened to wake up at the precise instant of dawn . 
 then , between the window curtains , she 'd glimpsed an unbelievable , luminous color , which had lasted only a second before fading to the ordinary blue of the sky . 
 no boy should have eyes as blue as that , and especially not surrounded by lashes so heavy they seemed to weigh his eyelids down . 
 this boy had the most startling coloring she 'd ever seen . 
 his eyelashes were black , but his hair was white-true white , the color of frost or tendrils of mist . 
 he was ... well , beautiful . 
 but in the most exotic , uncanny way imaginable , as if he 'd just stepped in from another world . 
 jenny 's reaction was instant , total , and absolutely terrifying . 
 she forgot tom 's existence . 
 i did n't know people could look like that . 
 real people , i mean . 
 maybe he 's not real . 
 god , i 've got to stop staring - but she could n't . 
 she could n't help herself . 
 those eyes were like the blue at the core of a flame . 
 no-like a mile-deep lake set in a glacier . 
 no ... the guy turned and went to the counter . 
 the boom box clicked off . 
 silence roared in jenny 's ears . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 he repeated , politely and indifferently . 
 heat rose to jenny 's cheeks . 
 ohmigod , what he must think of me . 
 the moment those eyes had turned away from her , she had come out of it , and now that he was farther away , she could look at him objectively . 
 not something from another world . 
 just a guy about her own age : lean , elegant , and with an unmistakable air of danger about him . 
 his hair was white-blond , cropped close at the sides , long in back and so long over the forehead that it fell into his eyes . 
 he was dressed all in black in a weird combination of cyberpunk and byronic poet . 
 and he 's still gorgeous , jenny thought , but who cares ? 
 honestly , you 'd think i 'd never seen a guy before . 
 on tom 's birthday , too - a flash of shame went through her . 
 she 'd better start her shopping or get out of here . 
 the two alternatives seemed equally attractive-except that the tough guys might still be outside . 
 `` i want to buy a game , '' she said , too loudly . 
 `` for a party-for my boyfriend . '' 
 he did n't even blink at the word boyfriend ; in fact , he looked more laconic than ever . 
 `` be my guest , '' he said . 
 then he seemed to rouse himself to make a sale . 
 `` anything in particular ? '' 
 `` well ... '' `` how about senet , the egyptian game of the dead ? '' 
 he said , nodding at the enameled case with the hieroglyphics . 
 `` or the i-ching ? 
 or maybe you 'd like to cast the runes . '' 
 he picked up a leather cup and shook it suggestively . 
 there was a sound like rattling bones . 
 `` no , nothing like that . '' 
 jenny was feeling distinctly unnerved . 
 she could n't put her finger on it , but something about this guy sent whispers of alarm through her blood . 
 maybe it was time to go . 
 `` well-there 's always the ancient tibetan game of goats and tigers . '' 
 he gestured at a curiously carved bronze board with tiny figurines on it . 
 `` the fierce tigers , see , stalk the innocent little goats , and the innocent little goats try to run from the tigers . 
 for two players . '' 
 `` i-no . '' 
 was he making fun of her ? 
 there was something to the twist of his mouth that made jenny think yes . 
 with dignity she said , `` i was looking for-just a game that a lot of people can play at once . 
 like pictionary or outburst , '' she added defiantly . 
 `` but since you do n't seem to have anything like that in the store - '' `` i see , '' he said . 
 `` that kind of game . '' 
 suddenly , looking at her sideways , he smiled . 
 the smile unnerved jenny more than anything yet . 
 definitely time to go , she thought . 
 she did n't care whether the tough guys were still outside . 
 `` thank you , '' she said with automatic politeness , and she turned to the door . 
 `` mystery , '' he said . 
 his voice caught jenny halfway across the room . 
 she hesitated in spite of herself . 
 what on earth did he mean ? 
 `` danger . 
 seduction . 
 fear . '' 
 jenny turned back to face him , staring . 
 there was something almost mesmerizing about his voice-it was full of elemental music , like water running over rock . 
 `` secrets revealed . 
 desires unveiled . '' 
 he smiled at her and pronounced the last word distinctly : `` temptation . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 she said , tensed to hit him or run if he took one step toward her . 
 he did n't . 
 his eyes were as innocently blue as nordic fjords . 
 `` the game , of course . 
 that 's what you want , is n't it ? 
 something ... very special . '' 
 something very special . 
 exactly what she 'd thought herself . 
 `` i think , '' she said slowly , `` that i 'd better - '' `` we do have something like that in stock , '' he said . 
 now 's your chance , she told herself when he disappeared through a door into the back room . 
 you can just walk out of here . 
 and she was going to leave , she was just about to go , when he appeared again . 
 `` i think , '' he said , `` that this is what you 've been looking for . '' 
 she looked at what he was holding , then up at his face . 
 `` you 've got to be joking , '' she said . 
 the box was about the size and shape of a monopoly game . 
 it was white and glossy and there was n't a single word , line , or figure printed on it . 
 a blank white box . 
 jenny waited for the punch line . 
 there was something about it , though . 
 the more she looked at that box , the more she felt ... `` could i see it ? '' 
 she said . 
 touch it , was what she meant . 
 for some reason she wanted to feel the weight of it in her hands , the sharpness of its corners in her palms . 
 it was silly , but she did want to . 
 she really wanted to . 
 the guy leaned back , tilting the box between his own hands , gazing at its glossy top . 
 jenny noticed that there was n't a single fingerprint on the shiny finish , not so much as a smudge . 
 she also noticed that his fingers were long and slender . 
 and that he had a snake tattooed on his right wrist . 
 `` well ... '' he said . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 on second thought , i 'm not sure i can sell it to you after all . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` because it really is special . 
 un-mundane . 
 i ca n't let it go to just anybody , or for just any reason . 
 maybe if you explained what it was for ... . '' 
 why , he 's a tease , jenny thought . 
 without in the least stopping being scared , or disturbed , or any of the other things she 'd been since she 'd come into this store , she started being amused as well . 
 wildly , inexplicably amused . 
 maybe if i looked like him , was that gorgeous , i 'd be a tease , too , she thought . 
 she said seriously , `` it 's for a party tonight , for my boyfriend , tom . 
 he 's seventeen today . 
 tomorrow night we 'll have the big party-you know , with everybody invited , but tonight it 's just our group . 
 our crowd . '' 
 he tilted his head to one side . 
 light flashed off the earring he was wearing-a dagger or a snake , jenny could n't tell which . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` so i need something for us to do . 
 you ca n't just get seven people in a room , throw doritos at them , and expect them to have a good time . 
 i 've screwed up massively by not getting organized until now-no real food , no decorations . 
 and tom - '' the guy tilted the box again . 
 jenny watched its surface turn milky , then bright , then milky again . 
 it was almost hypnotic . 
 `` and tom will care ? '' 
 he said , as if not believing it . 
 jenny felt defensive . 
 `` i do n't know-he might be disappointed . 
 he deserves better , you see , '' she added quickly . 
 `` he 's - '' oh , how to explain tom locke ? 
 `` he 's - well , he 's incredibly handsome , and by the end of this year he 'll have lettered in three sports - '' `` i get it . '' 
 she stopped . 
 the boy was holding out the box to her . 
 jenny hesitated , nonplussed . 
 `` you can hold it if you want , '' he said gently . 
 `` okay , '' jenny said , embarrassed , her vehemence fading . 
 she took the glossy box gingerly between her palms-and forgot everything else . 
 it was cool and just weighty enough to be intriguing . 
 something inside rattled slightly , mysteriously . 
 there was a quality about it that jenny could n't describe , a sort of electric current that ran up her fingers as she held it . 
 `` we 're closing , '' the boy said briskly , with another of his arbitrary mood swings . 
 `` you gon na buy it ? '' 
 she was . 
 she knew perfectly well anybody crazy enough to buy a box without looking inside it deserved whatever they got , but she did n't care . 
 she wanted it , and she felt a strange reluctance to take the lid off and peek in . 
 no matter what , this would make a great story to tell tom and the others tonight . 
 `` the craziest thing happened to me today . 
 ... '' `` how much ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he went to the counter and hit a key on an antique-looking brass cash register . 
 `` call it twenty . '' 
 jenny paid . 
 she noticed the cash drawer was full of odd-looking money all jumbled together : square coins , coins with holes in the center , crumpled bills in pastel colors . 
 the wrongness of that cut into her pleasure in the box a little , and she felt another chill , like spiders walking on gooseflesh . 
 when she looked up , the boy was smiling at her . 
 `` enjoy , '' he said , and then his heavy lashes drooped as if at a private joke . 
 from somewhere a clock chimed the little unfinished tune that meant half past some hour . 
 jenny glanced down at her watch and stiffened in horror . 
 seven-thirty-it could n't be ! 
 there was no way she could have been in this store for over an hour , but it was true . 
 `` thank you ; i have to go , '' she gasped distractedly , heading for the door . 
 `` uh-see you later . '' 
 it was just a politeness , not meant to be answered , but he did answer . 
 he murmured what sounded like `` at nine '' but undoubtedly was `` that 's fine '' or something like that . 
 when she looked back , he was standing half in shadow , with the stained glass of a lamp throwing blue and purple stripes on his hair . 
 for just a second she caught something in his eyes-a hungry look . 
 a look completely at odds with the indifferent manner he 'd worn while speaking to her . 
 like-a starving tiger about to go hunting . 
 it shocked jenny so much that her `` goodbye '' froze in her throat . 
 then it was gone . 
 the boy in black reached over and turned the acid house music on . 
 terrific soundproofing , jenny thought as the door closed behind her and the music was cut off . 
 she gave herself a mental shake , throwing off the lingering image of those blue eyes . 
 now if she ran all the way home , she might just have time to throw some cheez whiz in the microwave and shove a handful of cds in the player . 
 oh , god , what a day ! 
 that was when she noticed the tough guys . 
 they were waiting for her across the street , hidden in the blue-gray shadows of dusk . 
 jenny saw them coming and felt a jolt to her stomach . 
 swiftly and automatically she stepped backward , reaching behind her for the doorknob . 
 where was it ? 
 and why was she so stupid today ? 
 she should have asked the guy in black if she could use the phone ; she should have called tom-or dee-where was the knob ? 
 they were close enough that she could see that the one in the flannel shirt had bad skin . 
 the one with the bandanna was grinning in a very creepy way . 
 they were both coming toward her and where was the freaking doorknob ? 
 all she could feel behind her was cool , painted concrete . 
 where is it where is it - throw the box at them , she thought , suddenly calm and clear . 
 throw it and run . 
 maybe they 'll stop to investigate it . 
 her mind , utterly practical , ordered her hand to stop searching for a doorknob that was n't there . 
 waste of time . 
 with both hands she lifted the white box to throw it . 
 she was n't sure exactly what happened next . 
 both guys stared at her and then-they turned around and started running . 
 running . 
 flannels was in the lead , and bandanna just a length behind him , and they were running like deer , with an animal grace and economy of motion . 
 fast . 
 and jenny had n't thrown the box after all . 
 my fingers ... i did n't throw the box because i could n't let go because my fingers ... shut up , her mind told her . 
 if you 're dumb enough to care more about a box than about your own life , okay , but at least we do n't have to dwell on the subject . 
 walking quickly , sweatered arms cradling the box to her chest , she started for home . 
 she did n't turn around to see how she 'd missed the doorknob with all her behind-the-back fumbling . 
 at the time she simply forgot . 
 it was ten to eight when jenny finally neared her street . 
 the lighted living rooms in the houses she passed looked cozy . 
 she was out in the chill dark . 
 somewhere on the way home she 'd started to have misgivings about the game . 
 her mother always said she was too impulsive . 
 now she 'd bought this-thing-without even knowing exactly what was inside . 
 even as she thought it , the box seemed to thrum slightly in her arms as if charged with hidden power . 
 do n't be silly . 
 it 's a box . 
 but those guys ran , something whispered in the back of her mind . 
 those guys were spooked . 
 as soon as she got home , she was going to check this game out . 
 examine it thoroughly . 
 a wind had sprung up and was moving the trees on mariposa street . 
 jenny lived in a sprawling ranch-style house set among those trees . 
 as she approached it , something slunk furtively by the front doorway . 
 a shadow-a small one . 
 jenny felt a prickling at the back of her neck . 
 then the shadow moved under the porch light and turned into the ugliest cat in america . 
 its fur was mottled gray and cream -lrb- like a case of mange , michael said -rrb- , and its left eye had a permanent squint . 
 jenny had taken it in a year ago , and it was still wild . 
 `` hey , cosette , '' jenny said , darting forward and petting the cat as relief swept through her . 
 i 'm really getting jumpy , she thought , scared by every little shadow . 
 cosette put her ears back and growled like the possessed girl in the exorcist . 
 she did n't bite , though . 
 animals never bit jenny . 
 once in the front hallway jenny sniffed suspiciously . 
 sesame oil ? 
 her parents were supposed to be leaving for the weekend . 
 if they 'd changed their minds ... alarmed , she dumped her backpack-and the white box-on the living room coffee table as she galloped to the kitchen . 
 `` at last ! 
 we were beginning to think you were n't coming . '' 
 jenny stared . 
 the girl who 'd spoken was wearing an army fatigue jacket and sitting on the counter , one incredibly long leg braced on jenny 's mother 's blondwood kitchen table , the other dangling . 
 her hair was cropped so close to her head it looked like little nubs of black velvet on her skull . 
 she was as beautiful as an african priestess , and she was grinning wickedly . 
 `` dee ... '' jenny began . 
 the other inhabitant of the kitchen was wearing a black-and-white houndstooth-check jacket and chanel earrings . 
 around her was spread a sea of utensils and ingredients : metal cleavers and ladles , eggs , a can of bamboo shoots , a bottle of rice wine . 
 a wok was sizzling on the stove . '' 
 ... and audrey ! '' 
 jenny said . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 `` saving your butt , '' audrey answered calmly . 
 `` but-you 're cooking ! '' 
 `` of course . 
 why should n't i cook ? 
 when daddy was assigned to hong kong we had a chef who was like part of the family ; he used to talk cantonese to me while daddy was working and mother was at the beauty parlor . 
 i loved him . 
 naturally i can cook . '' 
 while this speech was going on , jenny was looking back and forth from one girl to the other . 
 when it was over she burst into laughter , shaking her head . 
 of course . 
 she should have known she could n't fool these two . 
 they must have seen that under her facade of self-confidence about the party she was frantic . 
 they knew her far too well-and they 'd come to rescue her . 
 impulsively jenny hugged each of them in turn . 
 `` since tom loves chinese , i decided to take care of the food , '' audrey went on , dropping something dumpling-like into the wok . 
 `` but where have you been , hmm ? 
 run into some kind of trouble ? '' 
 `` oh-no , '' jenny said . 
 if she explained what had happened , she 'd just get yelled at for going into a bad neighborhood . 
 not by dee , of course-deirdre eliade 's recklessness was matched only by her somewhat skewed sense of humor-but by the ever-practical audrey myers . 
 `` i was just buying a game for tonight-but i do n't know if we 're going to need it after all . '' 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` well ... '' jenny did n't want to explain that , either . 
 she did n't know how to explain it . 
 she only knew she needed to look at that box before anyone else arrived . 
 `` it might be boring . 
 so what are you making ? '' 
 she peered into the wok to change the subject . 
 `` oh , just some mu shu rou and a few heijiao niu liu . '' 
 audrey was moving around the kitchen with her usual mannered grace , her tailored clothes un - marred by a single spot of grease . 
 `` that 's stir-fried pork and spring rolls to you provincial types . 
 also fried rice and the trimmings . '' 
 `` pork , '' said dee , taking a leisurely sip of carbo force , her favorite energy drink , `` is death on wheels . 
 you have to lift at the gym for a week to work off one pork chop . '' 
 `` tom loves it , '' audrey said shortly . 
 `` and he looks all right . '' 
 dee gave a maddening laugh , and hostility flashed across the room like lightning . 
 jenny sighed . 
 `` oh , get over it . 
 ca n't you call a truce for just one day in the year ? '' 
 `` i do n't think so , '' audrey hummed , expertly fishing a spring roll out of the wok with chopsticks . 
 dee 's teeth flashed white in her night-dark face . 
 `` and ruin a perfect record ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` look , i am not going to have tom 's party ruined - not even by my two best friends . 
 understand ? '' 
 `` oh , go to your room and become beautiful , '' audrey said indulgently and picked up a cleaver . 
 the box , thought jenny-but she did have to change her clothes . 
 she 'd better make it fast . 
 in her room jenny exchanged her crewneck sweater and jeans for a flowing cream-colored skirt , a tissue-linen blouse , and a beaded batik vest that glowed with hundreds of tiny golden threads . 
 her eyes were drawn to a stuffed white rabbit on the dresser . 
 the rabbit was holding a daisy with the words love you emblazoned across its center . 
 an easter gift from tom , a ridiculous thing , but one she knew she would keep forever . 
 the fact that he would n't say the words in public just made this secret confession all the sweeter.p > for as long as she could remember , she had been terribly in love with tom . 
 whenever she thought of him , it was like a sudden quick ache , a sweetness almost too much to bear . 
 she felt it in various places in her body , but it was an emotional thing , mainly , and centered in her chest . 
 it had been that way since second grade . 
 stuck around the frame of the mirror were pictures of them together-at the sixth-grade halloween hop -lrb- in costume -rrb- , at the ninth-grade graduation dance , at the junior prom two weeks ago , at the beach . 
 they had been a couple for so long that everyone thought of them as tom-and-jenny , a single unit . 
 as always , the very image of tom seemed to wrap a thin blanket of comfort over her . 
 this time , though , jenny felt something nagging at her underneath the comfort . 
 something tugging at her to think about it . 
 the box again . 
 okay , go look at it . 
 then think party . 
 she was dragging a brush through her hair when there was a perfunctory tap at the door and audrey came in . 
 `` the spring rolls are finished and the stir-fry has to wait till the last minute . '' 
 audrey 's own hair , which she always wore up , was glossy auburn , almost copper . 
 her eyes were chestnut and just now narrowed in disapproval . 
 `` new skirt , i see , '' she added . 
 `` a long one . '' 
 jenny winced . 
 tom liked her in long skirts , especially the soft and flowing kind . 
 audrey knew it and jenny knew she knew it . 
 `` so ? '' 
 she said dangerously . 
 audrey sighed . 
 `` ca n't you see ? 
 you 're letting him get too sure of you . '' 
 `` audrey , please - '' `` there 's such a thing as being too good , '' audrey said firmly . 
 `` listen to me , because i know . 
 guys are weird , n'est - ce pas ? 
 you never want one to be that sure of you . '' 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , '' jenny began , then stopped . 
 for some reason , for just a second , she thought of the guy at the game store . 
 eyes as blue as the core of a flame . 
 `` i 'm serious , '' audrey was saying , her head tilted back to look at jenny through spiky jet-black eyelashes that touched equally spiky copper bangs . 
 `` if a guy feels too secure , you lose his attention , he takes you for granted . 
 starts looking at other girls . 
 you want to keep him off balance , never knowing what you 'll do next . '' 
 `` like you do with michael , '' jenny said absently . 
 `` oh , michael . '' 
 audrey made a dismissive gesture with exquisitely polished nails . 
 `` he 's just keeping the seat warm until i decide who 's next . 
 he 's a-a bookmark . 
 but do you see what i 'm saying ? 
 even dee thinks you give in to tom too much . '' 
 `` dee ? '' 
 jenny raised her eyebrows ironically . 
 `` dee thinks all guys are lying hounds . 
 as boyfriends , anyway . '' 
 `` true , '' said audrey . 
 `` it 's strange , '' she added thoughtfully , `` how she can be so right about that and so wrong about everything else . '' 
 jenny just made a wry face at her . 
 then she said , `` you know , audrey , maybe if you tried being nice first - '' `` hmm , maybe ... when the devil goes ice-skating , '' audrey said . 
 jenny sighed . 
 audrey was the newcomer to their group ; she 'd moved to vista grande last year . 
 all the others had known each other since elementary school , and dee had known jenny longest of all . 
 when audrey arrived , dee had gotten-well , jealous . 
 they 'd been fighting ever since . 
 `` just try not to kill each other during the party , '' jenny said . 
 deliberately she pulled her hair back - the way tom liked it-and anchored its silkiness with an elastic band . 
 then she smiled at audrey and said , `` let 's go back to the kitchen . '' 
 when they did they found that michael and zach had arrived-looking , as usual , as different as night and day . 
 michael cohen was shaped like a teddy bear , with dark hair as rumpled as his gray sweats and the eyes of a sarcastic spaniel . 
 zach taylor had light hair pulled back in a casual ponytail , an intense beaky-nosed face , and eyes as gray as the winter sky . 
 `` how 's the flu ? '' 
 jenny said , kissing zachary 's cheek . 
 she could do this safely because she 'd been exposed to his germs all week , and besides , he was her cousin . 
 zach 's gray eyes softened for just an instant , then went cool again . 
 jenny was never quite sure if zach liked her or merely tolerated her the way he did everyone else . 
 `` hello , michael , '' she said , giving him a pat instead of a kiss . 
 the liquid spaniel eyes turned toward her . 
 `` you know , '' michael said , `` sometimes i worry about us , about our whole generation . 
 do we know what we 're doing ? 
 are we any better than the me generation ? 
 what do we have to look forward to , except driving better cars than our parents ? 
 i mean , what is the point ? '' 
 `` hello , michael , '' said audrey . 
 `` hello , o light of my life . 
 is this an egg roll i see before me ? '' 
 michael said , reaching . 
 `` do n't eat that . 
 put it back on the plate with the others and take it out to the living room . '' 
 `` i live to serve , '' michael said and departed . 
 god-the box , jenny thought . 
 michael was the sort who would potter around the room reading your mail and opening your drawers in an absentminded way . 
 insatiably curious . 
 she followed him . 
 her stomach knotted at the sight of it , pristine and rectangular and gleaming on her mother 's solid ponderosa pine coffee table . 
 jenny 's mother had worked very hard with a very expensive decorator to make sure the living room looked `` natural and inevitable and not at all arty . '' 
 there were navajo weavings and hopi baskets on the walls , zuni pots on the floor , and a chimayo rug above the fireplace . 
 jenny was n't allowed to touch any of them . 
 calm down , she told herself . 
 but even approaching the white box was strangely difficult . 
 she picked it up and realized that her palms were sweaty enough to stick to it . 
 thrummm . 
 the current tingled through her fingers . 
 the feeling of something wrong increased . 
 oh , hell ! 
 i 'll just throw the thing away , jenny thought , surprised at the relief the idea brought . 
 we 'll play canasta . 
 michael , munching spring rolls , was eyeing her with interest . 
 `` what 's that ? 
 a present ? '' 
 `` no-just a game i bought , but i 'm going to get rid of it . 
 michael , do you know how to play canasta ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 so where 's the sun bunny ? '' 
 `` not here yet-oh , that 's probably her . 
 would you get the door ? '' 
 michael just looked vaguely at the plate in his one hand and the roll in his other . 
 jenny ran to the hallway , still holding the box . 
 summer parker-pearson was tiny , with thistledown hair and dimples you wanted to poke your fingers into . 
 she was wearing a china blue shirtdress and shivering . 
 `` it 's freezing out here . 
 how 're we going to go swimming , jenny ? '' 
 `` we 're not , '' jenny said gently . 
 `` oh . 
 then why did i bring my bathing suit ? 
 here 's my present . '' 
 she piled a shirt box wrapped in maroon paper on top of the white box jenny was holding , added a small tote bag to the stack , and headed for the living room . 
 jenny followed , put all the things on the coffee table , then pulled the white box from beneath them . 
 thrum . 
 summer was saying hello to mike and zach and dee . 
 `` look , '' jenny said , `` if you guys will excuse me for a second - '' she was cut off by the doorbell . 
 this time she did n't want anybody else to answer it . 
 `` i 'll get it . '' 
 tom was on the doorstep . 
 he looked good . 
 of course , he always looked good to jenny , but tonight he was especially handsome , really devilishly good-looking , with his dark brown hair neat and short and his smile faintly mocking . 
 tom wore simple clothes like other guys , but somehow he wore them differently . 
 he could make a pair of basic jeans look as if they 'd been tailored for him . 
 tonight he was wearing a teal t-shirt under a button-down shirt that was simply a beautiful blue , an intense color that reminded jenny of something . 
 `` hi , '' jenny said . 
 he grinned rakishly and held out an arm to her . 
 jenny went willingly , as always , but she hung on to the box . 
 `` tom , there 's something i want to talk to you about , alone . 
 it 's hard to explain - '' `` oh , no , i 'm getting ` dear johnned ' on my birthday , '' he said loudly , arm still around her , leading her down the hallway to the living room . 
 `` quit it , '' jenny said , exasperated . 
 `` can you please be serious for a minute ? '' 
 tom was clearly in no mood to be serious . 
 he waltzed her into the living room , where everyone but audrey was sitting around laughing and talking . 
 he ignored her protests , which were growing fainter anyway . 
 tom always made jenny feel better , and it was hard to stay worried with him around . 
 all her fears of shadows and thrumming boxes seemed faraway and childish . 
 still , she felt a prickle of unease as he took the box from her , asking , `` what 's this ? 
 for me ? '' 
 `` it 's a game , '' michael said , `` about which jenny 's being very mysterious . 
 she ca n't let go of it , apparently . '' 
 `` i understand why , '' tom said as he shook the box to hear the rattle . 
 jenny looked at him sharply . 
 he did n't seem to be joking , or at least no more than usual , but how could you say that about a blank white box ? 
 why should tom look so deeply intrigued by it , shifting it in his hands eagerly ? 
 there is something about it , jenny thought , opening her mouth to speak . 
 but just then her mother came in from the back of the house , fastening an earring and wafting perfume . 
 jenny shut her mouth again . 
 mrs. thornton had been blond like jenny when she was young , but over the years her hair had darkened to a golden brown , honey-in-shadow tone . 
 she smiled at everyone and said happy birthday to tom . 
 `` now , let me see , '' she said to jenny , `` joey 's out of the way at the stensons ' , and we 'll be back late sunday , so everything should be ready for you . '' 
 then , as jenny 's father appeared behind her with a small suitcase , she added earnestly , `` dear one , i know you 're going to break something . 
 just do n't let it be the r. c. gorman vase , all right ? 
 it cost fifteen hundred dollars , and your father is deeply attached to it . 
 otherwise , clean up whatever you destroy and try to keep the roof on . '' 
 `` if it comes off , we 'll nail it back , '' jenny promised , then kissed her mother 's smooth shalimar-scented cheek without embarrassment . 
 `` krazy glue in the kitchen drawer , '' jenny 's father muttered in her ear as she kissed him in turn . 
 `` but watch out for the r. c. gorman vase . 
 your mother would die . '' 
 `` we wo n't go near it , '' jenny said . 
 `` and no ... '' her father made a vague fiddling gesture with one hand . 
 he was looking at tom in a way that jenny thought was what people meant when they said askance . 
 he 'd taken to looking like that at tom lately . 
 `` daddy ! '' 
 `` you know what i mean . 
 only the girls are staying the night , right ? '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 her father pushed his wire-framed glasses higher on his nose , squared his shoulders , and looked at her mother . 
 they both glanced around the living room one last time-as if to remember it-and then , like a pair of fatalistic soldiers , they turned and marched out the door . 
 `` do n't have much faith in us , do they ? '' 
 michael said , looking after them . 
 `` it 's the first time i 've had a party while they 've been away for the weekend , '' said jenny . 
 `` that they know about , '' she added thoughtfully . 
 when she looked back , tom had the box open . 
 `` oh - '' jenny said . 
 and that was all she said . 
 because tom was lifting out sheets of thick , glossy tagboard , printed in colors so vibrant they glowed . 
 jenny saw doors and windows , a porch , a turret . 
 shingles . 
 `` it 's a dollhouse , '' said summer . 
 `` no , i mean one of those paper thingies , like you get in the big flat books and cut out . 
 a paper house . '' 
 not a game , jenny thought . 
 and not dangerous . 
 just a kids ' toy . 
 she felt a wave of relaxation soften her , and when audrey called from the kitchen that the food was ready , she went almost dreamily . 
 tom was suitably surprised and impressed at the chinese dinner , and the fact that audrey was responsible for it . 
 `` you can cook ! '' 
 `` of course i can cook . 
 why is it that everyone assumes i 'm a mere social ornament ? '' 
 she looked at him from under spiky lashes and smiled . 
 tom smiled back , maintaining eye contact . 
 audrey kept flirting as she served him , smiling up at him , allowing her fingers to touch his as she handed him a plate . 
 but when he moved away , she slanted a grim , significant glance at jenny . 
 you see ? 
 that glance said . 
 jenny returned the look benevolently . 
 tom was always nice to other girls , and it did n't bother her . 
 it did n't mean anything . 
 she was feeling very pleased with the world as they all filled their plates and went back to the living room . 
 there was no formal dining . 
 they all sat around the coffee table , some on leather footstools , some directly on the mexican paved tiles . 
 jenny was surprised that the white box with the sheets of tagboard was n't already put aside . 
 `` you got some scissors ? '' 
 asked zach . 
 `` actually , an x-acto knife would be better . 
 and a metal ruler , and glue . '' 
 jenny stared at him . 
 `` you 're going to make it ? '' 
 `` sure , why not ? 
 it looks like a good model . '' 
 `` it 's cute , '' summer said and giggled . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding , '' jenny said . 
 `` a paper house ... '' she looked around for support . 
 `` it 's a game , '' dee said . 
 `` see , there are instructions on the back of the lid . 
 scary instructions . '' 
 she shot a barbaric smile around the room . 
 `` i like them . '' 
 michael , with bits of spring roll hanging out of his mouth , looked alarmed . 
 `` but how can you play a game with a paper house ? '' 
 jenny felt her voice going weak again as she saw the way tom was looking at her . 
 the way only tom could look-charming , persuasive , and tragic . 
 it was all a put-on , but jenny could never resist . 
 `` oh , all right , you big baby , '' she said . 
 `` if you really want it . 
 i should have gotten you a rattle and a pacifier , too . '' 
 shaking her head , she went off to fetch the scissors . 
 they put the model together as they ate , occasionally getting grease on the tagboard , gesturing with chopsticks . 
 tom supervised , naturally . 
 zach did a lot of the cutting ; he 'd had practice matting the photographs he took . 
 jenny watched his careful , clever fingers transform the flat sheets of paper into a three-foot-high victorian house and was forced into admiration . 
 it had three floors and a turret and was open in front like a dollhouse . 
 the roof was removable . 
 sheet after sheet had to be cut out to make all the chimneys and cornices and balconies and eaves , but no one got tired of working , and only michael complained . 
 tom seemed delighted with the whole thing . 
 even audrey , whom jenny would have thought far too sophisticated to enjoy this , lent an experienced hand . 
 `` look , here 's some furniture to put inside-are you done with the first floor , zach ? 
 you see , this is the parlor , and here 's a little parlor table . 
 gothic revival , i think . 
 mother has one . 
 i 'll put it ... here . '' 
 `` here 's a sort of oriental screen thing , '' summer said . 
 `` i 'll put it by the table for the dolls to look at . '' 
 `` there are n't any dolls , '' said jenny . 
 `` yes , there are , '' dee said and grinned . 
 she 'd curled her long legs up and was reading the instructions to herself . 
 `` and they 're us . 
 it says we each get a paper doll for a playing piece , and we draw our own face on it , and then we move the pieces through the house , trying to get to the turret at the top . 
 that 's the game . '' 
 `` you said it was scary , '' tom objected . 
 `` i did n't finish . 
 it 's a haunted house . 
 you run into a different nightmare in every room while you 're trying to get to the top . 
 and you have to watch out for the shadow man . '' 
 `` the what ? '' 
 jenny said . 
 `` the shadow man . 
 he 's like the sandman , only he brings you nightmares . 
 he 's lurking around inside , and if he catches you , he 'll - well , listen . 
 he 'll ` bring to life your darkest fantasies and make you confess your most secret fears , ' '' she read with obvious enjoyment . 
 `` all right ! '' 
 said tom . 
 `` oh , geez , '' said michael . 
 `` what kind of darkest fantasies ? '' 
 said summer . 
 mystery , thought jenny . 
 danger . 
 seduction . 
 fear . 
 secrets revealed . 
 desires unveiled . 
 temptation . 
 `` what 's wrong with you , thorny ? '' 
 tom said affectionately . 
 `` you 're so nervous . '' 
 `` it 's just-i do n't know if i like this game . '' 
 jenny looked up at him . 
 `` but you do , do n't you ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 his hazel eyes , brown flecked with green , were sparkling . 
 `` it 's good for a laugh . '' 
 then he added , `` do n't be scared . 
 i 'll protect you . '' 
 jenny gave him a mock glare and leaned against him . 
 when she was away from tom , the skin of her forearm missed him , and so did her shoulder and her side and her hip . 
 the right side because she always sat on tom 's left . 
 `` go get some of joey 's crayons , '' dee was ordering summer . 
 `` we 're going to need to draw a lot . 
 not just the paper dolls that are us ; we 're also supposed to draw our worst nightmare . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 said michael unhappily . 
 `` i told you . 
 we have to face a different nightmare in every room . 
 so we each draw one on a slip of paper and shuffle the papers and put them facedown on the floor of different rooms . 
 then when you get to a room , you can look at the slip and see what that person 's nightmare is . '' 
 tom wiped his fingers on his jeans and went to sit by dee on the couch , bending his head over the instructions . 
 summer jumped up to get crayons from jenny 's little brother 's room . 
 zach , ignoring the rest of them , was working silently . 
 zach did n't say anything unless he had something to say . 
 `` i think i 'm going to like this , '' audrey said , judiciously placing furniture in the different rooms . 
 she was humming a little , her polished nails gleaming , her hair shining copper under the track lighting . 
 `` here are the crayons , and i found some colored pencils , too , '' summer said , returning with a tupperware container . 
 `` now we can all draw . '' 
 she rummaged through the sheets of glossy tagboard left in the box , finally producing one printed with human outlines . 
 the paper dolls . 
 they were all enjoying themselves . 
 the game was a hit , the party a success . 
 jenny still felt cold inside . 
 she had to admit , though , that there was a certain satisfaction in cutting neatly along dotted lines . 
 it brought back long-ago memories . 
 coloring the paper dolls was fun , too , the crayola wax sliding richly onto the stiff matte tagboard . 
 but when it came to drawing on the rectangle of paper summer gave her next , she stopped helplessly . 
 draw a nightmare ? 
 her worst nightmare ? 
 she could n't . 
 because the truth was that jenny had a nightmare . 
 her own , personal , particular nightmare , based on something that had happened long ago ... and she could n't remember it . 
 she could never remember it when she was awake . 
 the bad feeling was coming on , the one she sometimes got late at night . 
 the scared feeling . 
 was she the only person in the world who woke up in the middle of the night sure that she 'd discovered some awful secret-only , once she 'd awakened , she could n't remember what it was ? 
 who felt sick with fear over something she could n't remember ? 
 a picture flickered through her mind . 
 her grandfather . 
 her mother 's father . 
 thinning white hair , a kind face , tired , twinkling dark eyes . 
 he had entertained her when she was five years old with souvenirs from far-off places and magic tricks that had seemed real to a child . 
 his basement had been full of the most wonderful things . 
 until the day something had happened ... that last horrible day ... the flicker died , and jenny was glad . 
 the only thing worse than not remembering was remembering . 
 it was better to just leave the whole thing buried . 
 the therapists had said differently at the time , but what did they know ? 
 anyway , she certainly could n't draw it . 
 the others were all sketching assiduously . 
 tom and dee were snickering together , using the lid of the game box as a desk . 
 summer was laughing , shaking back her soft light curls , drawing something with a lot of different colors . 
 zach was frowning over his nightmare , his face even more intense than usual ; audrey 's eyebrows were arched in amusement . 
 `` where 's green ? 
 i need lots of green , '' said michael , hunting among the crayons . 
 `` what for ? '' 
 asked audrey , eyes narrowed . 
 `` ca n't tell you . 
 it 's a secret . '' 
 audrey turned her back on him , shielding her own paper . 
 `` that 's right , they 're secrets , '' dee agreed . 
 `` you do n't get to see them until you reach the room they 're in . '' 
 nobody here could possibly have a secret from me , jenny thought . 
 except audrey , i 've known them all forever . 
 i know when they lost their first tooth and got their first bra . 
 none of them could have a real secret-like mine . 
 if she had one , why not the others ? 
 jenny looked at tom . 
 handsome tom , headstrong and a little arrogant , as even jenny had to admit , if only to herself . 
 what was he drawing now ? 
 `` mine needs green , too . 
 and yellow , '' he said . 
 `` mine needs black , '' said dee and chuckled . 
 `` all right , done , '' audrey said . 
 `` come on , jenny , '' tom said . 
 `` are n't you finished yet ? '' 
 jenny looked down at her paper . 
 she had made a formless doodle around the edges ; the middle was blank . 
 after an embarrassed moment with everyone 's eyes on her , she turned the paper over and gave it to dee . 
 she would just have to explain later . 
 dee shuffled all the slips and put them facedown in various rooms on the upper floors . 
 `` now we put our paper dolls in the parlor downstairs , '' she said . 
 `` that 's where we all start . 
 and there should be a pile of game cards in the box , summer , to tell us what to do and where to move . 
 put them in a stack on the table . '' 
 summer did while audrey fixed the paper dolls on their little plastic anchors and set them up in the parlor . 
 `` we need just one more thing , '' dee said . 
 she paused dramatically and then said , `` the shadow man . '' 
 `` here he is , '' summer said , picking up the last sheet of stiff tagboard from the box . 
 `` i 'll cut out his friends first-the creeper and the lurker . '' 
 she did , then handed the figures to audrey . 
 the creeper was a giant snake , the lurker a bristling wolf . 
 their names were printed in blood-red calligraphy . 
 `` charming , '' audrey said , snapping anchors on . 
 `` anywhere in particular i 'm supposed to put them , dee ? '' 
 `` no , the cards will tell us when we meet them . '' 
 `` here 's the shadow man . 
 he can shadow me if he wants ; i think he 's cute , '' summer said . 
 audrey took the paper doll from her , but as she did jenny grabbed her wrist . 
 jenny could n't speak . 
 she could n't breathe , actually . 
 it could n't be-but it was . 
 there was no question about it . 
 the printed face that stared up at her was unmistakable . 
 it was the boy in black , the boy from the game store . 
 the boy with the shocking blue eyes . 
 jenny felt as if a black riptide was trying to suck her underwater . 
 it was him . 
 the boy from the game store . 
 every detail of his face was reproduced perfectly , but it was n't a photograph . 
 it was a drawing , like the snake and the wolf . 
 the boy 's hair was colored silvery-white with blue shadows . 
 the artist had even captured his dark eyelashes . 
 the portrait was so lifelike it looked as if those eyes might blink at any minute , as if the lips might speak . 
 and it radiated menace . 
 danger . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 audrey was saying . 
 her face swam in and out of focus as jenny looked up . 
 jenny 's eyes fixed on the beauty mark just above audrey 's upper lip . 
 audrey 's lips were moving , but it was a minute before jenny could make sense of the words . 
 `` what 's wrong , jenny ? '' 
 what could jenny say ? 
 i know this guy . 
 i saw him at the store . 
 he 's a real person , not some made-up character in a game . 
 so ... so what ? 
 that 's what they would ask her . 
 what difference did it make ? 
 so the game must have been invented by somebody who knew the guy , and the guy had modeled for the picture . 
 that would explain why the box was blank : maybe it was n't even a real , mass-produced game at all . 
 or maybe the guy was crazy , had a fixation with this particular game , and had bleached his hair and dressed up to look like the game character . 
 dungeons and dragons , jenny thought suddenly-people were supposed to get heavily into that , sometimes even go overboard . 
 that 's the answer . 
 at least , it was the answer somebody here tonight would give . 
 tom , maybe , because jenny could tell he wanted to play , and once tom made up his mind on anything , he was immovable . 
 dee , because danger always kicked her . 
 zach , because the game involved art ; or summer , because she thought it was `` cute . '' 
 they all wanted to play . 
 a good hostess did n't get hysterical and ruin a party because she had shadows on the brain . 
 jenny forced a smile . 
 `` nothing , '' she said , letting go of audrey 's wrist . 
 `` sorry . 
 i thought i recognized that picture . 
 silly , huh ? '' 
 `` you been drinking the cough syrup again ? '' 
 michael inquired from the other side of the table . 
 `` are you all right , thorny ? 
 really ? '' 
 tom asked seriously . 
 his green-flecked eyes searched hers , and jenny felt her smile become more stable . 
 she nodded . 
 `` fine , '' she said firmly . 
 tom got up and dimmed the track lighting . 
 `` hey , '' said michael . 
 `` we need it dark , '' dee told them , `` for this next part . 
 the reading of the oath . '' 
 she cut a glance at them , the whites of her eyes shining like smoky pearls . 
 ` what oath ? '' 
 michael said warily . 
 `` the oath of the game , '' tom said . 
 his voice was sinister . 
 `` it says here that we each have to swear that we 're playing this game of our own free will , and that the game is real . '' 
 tom turned the lid of the box around for them to see . 
 on the inside cover , above the printed instructions , was a large symbol . 
 it was like a squared-off and inverted u , the two uneven horns of the letter pointing downward . 
 it was deeply impressed in the cover and colored-as well as jenny could tell in the dim light-rusty red . 
 i will not ruin this party , i will not ruin this party , jenny thought . 
 i will not . 
 tom was reading from the instructions : '' ` there is a shadow world , like our own but different , existing alongside ours but never touching . 
 some people call it the world of dreams , but it is as real as anything else ' ... and then it says that entering the shadow world can be dangerous , so you play at your own risk . '' 
 he grinned around the group . 
 `` actually , it says that the game can be hazardous to your life . 
 you have to swear you understand that . '' 
 `` i do n't know if i like this anymore , '' summer said . 
 `` come on , '' said dee . 
 `` live dangerously . 
 make it happen . '' 
 `` well ... '' summer was taking this seriously . 
 she pushed soft light curls off her forehead and frowned . 
 `` is it getting warm in here ? '' 
 `` oh , swear , already , '' said michael . 
 `` let 's get this thing over with . 
 i swear i understand that this game may kill me before i 'm old enough to get a mcjob like my brother dave . '' 
 `` now you . '' 
 dee stretched out a black-spandex-covered leg to nudge zachary . 
 `` swear . '' 
 `` i swear , '' zach said in bored tones , his thin face unreadable , his gray eyes cool as ever . 
 summer sighed , capitulating . 
 `` me , too , then . '' 
 audrey adjusted her houndstooth jacket . 
 `` me , three , '' she said . 
 `` and what about you , deirdre ? '' 
 `` i was just about to , aud . 
 i swear to have a great time and kick the shadow dude 's ass . '' 
 tom had gotten up and was lurking over jenny . 
 `` how about it , devil woman ? 
 i swear-do you ? '' 
 normally jenny would have jabbed an elbow upward into his ribs . 
 at the moment all she could manage was a colorless smile . 
 they all wanted to do it . 
 she was the hostess . 
 they were her guests . 
 tom wanted it . 
 `` i swear , '' she said and was embarrassed when her voice cracked . 
 tom cheered and tossed the box lid in the air . 
 dee 's foot flashed out , kicking it back toward him . 
 it fell on the floor by jenny . 
 you jerk , if you really cared about me , you 'd care about how i felt , jenny thought in a rare moment of anger toward tom . 
 then she squelched the thought . 
 it was his birthday . 
 he deserved to be indulged . 
 something about the box lid caught her eye . 
 for just an instant the upside-down it looked as if it were printed in red foil . 
 it had-flashed-jenny thought . 
 but of course it could n't have . 
 everyone was kneeling around the table . 
 `` okay , '' said dee . 
 `` all the little dollies in the parlor ? 
 then somebody 's got to turn a card . 
 who wants to be first ? '' 
 jenny , feeling that if she was going to do this she might as well do it thoroughly , reached out and took the top card . 
 it was glossy white like the game box and felt slick between her fingers . 
 she turned it over and read : '' ` you have gathered with your friends in this room to begin the game . ' '' 
 there was a pause . 
 then summer giggled . 
 `` sort of an anticlimax , '' audrey murmured . 
 `` who 's next ? '' 
 `` me , '' said tom . 
 he leaned over jenny and took a card . 
 he read , '' ` each of you has a secret you would rather die than reveal . ' '' 
 jenny stirred uneasily . 
 it was just coincidence , because these were pre-printed cards . 
 but it did sound almost as if someone were answering the question she 'd thought of earlier . 
 `` my turn , '' summer said eagerly . 
 she read , '' ` you hear the sound of footsteps from one of the rooms above . ' '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` but there are n't any rooms above . 
 this is a one-story house . '' 
 tom chuckled . 
 `` you 're forgetting yourself . 
 we 're not in this house . 
 we 're in that house . '' 
 summer blinked , her large blue eyes traveling over the pastel , basket-adorned walls of the thornton living room . 
 then she looked at the victorian paper house , with the seven paper dolls neatly arranged in the parlor like a group of guests too polite to go home . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 she was just putting the card back when they all heard the noise from above . 
 footsteps . 
 a quick light patter , like a child running on a wooden floor . 
 summer shrieked and looked in terror at the ceiling . 
 dee jumped up , her dark eyes blazing . 
 audrey stiffened . 
 michael grabbed at her , and she smacked his hand away . 
 zach 's face was turned up ; even his ponytail seemed to be tense . 
 but tom burst into laughter . 
 `` it 's squirrels , '' he got out finally . 
 `` they run on the roof all the time , do n't they , jenny ? '' 
 jenny 's stomach was knotted . 
 her voice wavered slightly as she said , `` yes , but - '' `` but nothing . 
 somebody else take a card , '' tom said . 
 nobody did . 
 `` all right , i 'll do it myself . 
 this is for you , mike . '' 
 he flipped a card . '' 
 ` you go to the door to get some air , but it seems to be stuck , ' '' he read . 
 he looked around at the group . 
 `` oh , come on . 
 it 's a game . 
 here , look . '' 
 he stood up in a fluid motion and went to the sliding glass door that looked out on jenny 's backyard . 
 jenny saw his fingers moving , flipping the locks on the handle . 
 a sense of dread overwhelmed her . 
 `` tom , do n't ! '' 
 she said . 
 before she knew what she was doing , she jumped up and took his arm . 
 if he did n't try the door-if he did n't try it-the card could n't come true . 
 tom was jerking at the handle , ignoring her . 
 `` there 's something wrong with it-there must be another lock . '' 
 `` it 's stuck , '' michael said . 
 he ran a hand through his rumpled dark hair , an oddly helpless gesture . 
 `` do n't be stupid , '' audrey snapped . 
 dee 's sloe eyes were glittering . 
 her hand darted out and she took a card . '' 
 ` none of the doors or windows in this house will open , ' '' she read . 
 tom went on yanking furiously at the door . 
 it would n't budge . 
 jenny caught his arm again . 
 she was trembling all over with a sense of danger . 
 `` take another card , '' zach said softly . 
 there was something strange about his thin face-it was almost trancelike . 
 zombied out . 
 `` no ! '' 
 jenny said . 
 zachary was taking the card himself . 
 ` wo , '' said jenny again . 
 she had to stop this , but she could n't let go of tom . 
 `` zach , do n't read it . '' '' 
 ` you hear a clock strike nine , ' '' zachary read softly . 
 `` jenny does n't have any clocks that strike , '' audrey said . 
 she looked at jenny sharply . 
 `` do you ? 
 do you ? '' 
 jenny shook her head , her throat clogged . 
 every inch of her skin seemed to be raw , waiting . 
 listening . 
 clear and sweet , the chimes rang out . 
 the chimes of the clock at the game store , the clock she could n't see . 
 it seemed to be coming from far above . 
 it began to strike the hour . 
 one . 
 two . 
 three . 
 four . 
 `` oh , god , '' audrey said . 
 five . 
 six . 
 seven . 
 at nine , jenny thought . 
 see you later-at nine . 
 eight ... `` tom , '' jenny whispered . 
 the muscles in his arm were hard under her hand . 
 now , too late , he turned toward her . 
 nine . 
 then the wind came . 
 at first jenny thought the riptide had gotten her . 
 then she thought it must be an earthquake . 
 but all the time she had the sensation of air rushing by her , as if a hurricane had come in through the closed sliding glass door . 
 a black , roaring hurricane that burned even as it froze . 
 it hurt her like a physical thing , shaking her body and blinding her . 
 she lost track of the room . 
 the only thing real was the fistful of tom 's shirt she held . 
 finally she lost track of that , too . 
 the pain stopped for a while , and she just drifted . 
 she woke up on the floor . 
 it was like the only other time she 'd ever fainted , when she and joey had both been home sick with the flu . 
 she 'd jumped out of bed suddenly to tell him to turn down that stupid cartoon-and the next thing she knew she was waking up with her head in a wastebasket . 
 lying on the carpeted floor of her room , then , she had known that time had passed , without being sure how she knew it . 
 this was the same . 
 painfully jenny lifted her head and blinked to bring the far wall into focus . 
 it did n't work . 
 something was wrong . 
 the wall itself , which should have been pastel-colored and hung with weavings and baskets , was wrong . 
 it was paneled with some dark wood , and an oriental screen stood in front of it . 
 heavy velvet curtains obscured a window . 
 a brass candlestick was attached to the wall . 
 jenny had never seen any of the things before . 
 where am i ? 
 the oldest question in the book , the biggest cliche . 
 but she really did n't know . 
 she did n't know where she was or how she had gotten there , but she knew that whatever was going on was all wrong . 
 was-beyond her experience . 
 things like this did n't happen . 
 it had happened anyway . 
 the two ideas jostled in her mind . 
 she was already disoriented , on the verge of panic . 
 now she began to shake , and she felt a swelling in her throat . 
 no . 
 start screaming now and you 'll never stop , she told herself . 
 do n't think about it . 
 you do n't have to deal with it . 
 just find tom . 
 tom . 
 for the first time jenny looked at the floor . 
 they were all lying there , zach with his blond ponytail streaming out behind him -lrb- on a moss-green carpet worked with cabbage roses , but do n't think about that , do n't think about that now -rrb- , summer with her light curls cradled protectively in her small arms , audrey with her french twist coming loose . 
 dee 's long legs were sprawled near the window , and michael 's stocky body was curled in a ball beside her . 
 tom was lying against the wall-where the sliding glass door should have been . 
 as jenny got up unsteadily and began moving toward him , he stirred . 
 `` tom ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 she took his hand , and when his warm , strong fingers closed around hers , she felt better . 
 he groaned and opened his eyes . 
 `` hell of a headache , '' he muttered . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' jenny said in a small , precise voice . 
 she was still close to having hysterics . 
 she hung on to his hand hard enough to bruise . 
 `` we 're not in the living room anymore . '' 
 it was just the truth , and she had to say it . 
 she needed to share it with someone , the way summer had needed to share about her dog being put to sleep . 
 but tom scowled . 
 `` do n't be stupid , '' he said , and jenny felt the little needle stab she always did when he snapped at her . 
 `` we ca n't be anywhere else . 
 everything 's fine . '' 
 all his good humor had vanished , along with the rakish charm of his smile . 
 his neat brown hair was just slightly mussed , and his green-flecked eyes looked both dazed and angry . 
 he 's defensive , jenny realized . 
 scared that it 's his fault . 
 she tried to squeeze his hand , but he was getting up . 
 so were the others . 
 dee was rubbing the back of her neck , looking around with quick , alert movements . 
 she reached down and pulled a groaning michael to his feet . 
 audrey was standing , too , her hands automatically going to fix the combs in her auburn hair even as she stared at the room . 
 summer was cowering by the spindly-legged table that had taken the place of jenny 's mother 's coffee table . 
 only zach did n't seem frightened . 
 he was standing and his clear gray eyes were open , but his lips moved soundlessly and he looked-entranced . 
 as if he were moving in a dream . 
 nobody said a word . 
 they all looked around stupidly , trying to make sense of their surroundings . 
 they were standing in a victorian parlor , lushly carpeted , furnished with gothic revival tables and chairs . 
 a green lamp with a silk fringe hung from the ceiling . 
 it looked like the perfect place for a seance . 
 jenny recognized it . 
 she 'd seen the pattern of the cabbage-rose carpet printed on tagboard . 
 zach had cut out the paneling with an x-acto knife , and audrey had put together that mahogany table . 
 they were in the paper house . 
 it had come alive around them . 
 they were inside it ... jenny 's hands came slowly up to cover her mouth . 
 her heart had begun a deep , sick pounding . 
 `` oh , my god , '' summer whispered . 
 then , with gathering force , `` oh , my god , oh , my god - '' michael began to giggle hysterically . 
 `` shut up , '' audrey said , breathing hard . 
 `` both of you , shut up ! '' 
 dee went to the wall and touched a candlestick , fingers dark against the bright brass . 
 then she reached up and stuck her fingers in the candle flame . 
 `` dee ! '' 
 tom rapped out . 
 `` it 's real , '' dee said , looking at her fingertips . 
 `` it burns . '' 
 `` of course it 's not real ! '' 
 audrey said . 
 `` this is all-some kind of illusion . 
 like virtual reality - '' dee 's eyes flashed . 
 `` it is not virtual reality . 
 my mom 's a computer expert-she knows what real vr is . 
 not the pac-man kind you get with video games . 
 even they ca n't do anything like this . 
 besides , where 's the computer ? 
 where 's our helmets ? '' 
 she smacked a flattened hand against the wall . 
 `` no , this is real . '' 
 michael was feeling a chair , still half giggling . 
 `` so maybe it was some of audrey 's mushrooms . 
 what were they called ? 
 shiitake ? 
 maybe it 's a judgment on us . '' 
 `` take it easy , mike , '' tom said . 
 he looked angry , which jenny knew meant he was feeling uncertain . 
 she watched him , all the while stroking the smooth mahogany of a tabletop . 
 she felt the same compulsion that dee and michael obviously did-to touch things here . 
 she kept expecting them to feel like cardboard , but they were real . 
 `` okay , '' tom said , `` we 're not in the living room . 
 we 've been-moved somehow . 
 somebody 's playing a joke on us . 
 but we do n't have to just stand around like idiots and take it . '' 
 `` what do you suggest we do ? '' 
 audrey said acidly . 
 tom strode over to the parlor doorway , which opened on a dim hall . 
 `` the guys can come with me and scout around ; you girls stay here and keep your eyes open . '' 
 dee threw him a scornful look , then turned narrowed eyes on `` the guys . '' 
 michael was tapping on the walls , muttering , and zach was just staring , the skin of his face drawn tight over bones . 
 jenny wanted to go to him , but she could n't move . 
 `` good luck , '' dee said to tom . 
 `` hurry back to protect us . '' 
 `` do n't anybody leave , '' summer said , her blue eyes wet . 
 `` you protect jenny , '' tom snarled at dee , thrusting his face close to hers . 
 jenny felt an instant of throbbing warmth , which was immediately swept away by coldness . 
 how could anyone protect anyone here ? 
 dee crossed the room and put an arm , hard as a boy 's , around jenny 's shoulders . 
 `` right , '' she said . 
 `` i think we should stay together , '' michael said nervously . 
 `` oh , what 's the difference ? '' 
 audrey said . 
 `` it 's not really happening anyway . 
 we 're not here . '' 
 `` then what is it ? '' 
 summer asked , on the verge of hysteria . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 `` in the game . '' 
 the voice came from the corner of the room , from the shadow behind the oriental screen . 
 it was a voice that did n't belong to any of the group , but one that was familiar to jenny . 
 she 'd only heard it once before , but she could n't mistake it . 
 like water over rock , it was full of elemental music . 
 every head turned . 
 the boy stepped out of the shadows . 
 he was just as beautiful as he had been in the store . 
 but here , against the backdrop of this quaint and fussy room , he looked even more exotic . 
 his hair shone in the dimness like white cat 's fur or mountain snow . 
 he was wearing a black vest that showed the smooth , hard muscles of his bare arms , and pants that looked like snakeskin . 
 his eyes were heavy-lidded , shielded by long lashes . 
 he was smiling . 
 summer gasped . 
 `` the picture . 
 the paper doll in the box . 
 it 's him - '' `` the shadow man , '' michael said hoarsely . 
 `` do n't make me laugh , '' tom said . 
 lip curled , he looked the apparition up and down . 
 `` who the hell are you ? 
 what do you want ? '' 
 the boy in black took another step forward . 
 jenny could see the impossible daylight color of his eyes now , though he was n't looking at her . 
 his gaze swept over the others , and jenny could see it affect them , like a wave of cold air that caused them to draw together . 
 she could see each of them reacting as they looked into his face and saw-something there . 
 something that caused their eyes to go wide and suspicion to turn to fear . 
 `` why do n't you call me julian ? '' 
 `` is that your name ? '' 
 tom said , much more quietly . 
 `` it 's as good as anything else . '' 
 `` whoever you are , we 're not scared of you , '' dee said suddenly , letting go of jenny and stepping forward . 
 it sounded like the truth , as if dee , anyway , was not afraid , and it seemed to encourage the others . 
 `` we want to know what 's going on , '' tom said , loudly again . 
 `` we have n't done anything to you . 
 please just let us go home , '' summer added . 
 `` you ca n't go home again , '' zach murmured . 
 it was the first time he 'd spoken . 
 he was wearing a strange half smile . 
 `` bud , you 're in worse shape than i am , '' michael told him in a low voice . 
 zach did n't answer . 
 only jenny stayed back , not moving , not speaking . 
 her sense of dread was getting stronger all the time . 
 she was remembering a look like a starving tiger 's . 
 `` at least tell us what we 're doing here , '' audrey said . 
 `` playing the game . '' 
 they all stared at him . 
 `` you agreed to play . 
 you read the rules . '' 
 `` but-playing ? 
 what playing ? 
 you mean - '' `` do n't talk to him about it , mike , '' tom interrupted . 
 `` we 're not going to play his stupid game . '' 
 he 's so scared , jenny thought . 
 he still thinks this is all his fault . 
 but it is n't , tom , it is n't ____ `` i mean , '' the boy in black said to michael , `` that you all swore you were playing of your own free will and that you knew the game was real . 
 you invoked the rune uruz . '' 
 he sketched a shape in the air with his finger , an inverted u. jenny noticed that the snake tattoo she 'd seen on his wrist in the store had vanished . 
 `` you pierced the veil between the worlds . '' 
 audrey laughed , a sharp false sound like glass shattering . 
 michael breathed , `` this is nuts . '' 
 dee 's expression said that she agreed . 
 `` what 's a rune ? '' 
 audrey opened her mouth , then shut it again tightly , shaking her head . 
 julian 's lip quirked and he lowered his voice . 
 `` it 's magic , '' he said . 
 `` a mystical letter from an ancient alphabet . 
 in this case designed to let you walk between the worlds . 
 if you do n't understand it , you should n't be messing with it . '' 
 `` we did n't mean to mess with anything , '' summer whispered . 
 `` it 's all a mistake . '' 
 the fear in the room had heightened . 
 jenny could sense it like a yellow aura enveloping them all . 
 `` no mistake . 
 you chose to play the game , '' the boy said again . 
 `` now you play until you win-or i do . '' 
 `` but why ? '' 
 summer said , almost sobbing . 
 `` what do you want from us ? '' 
 julian smiled , then looked past her . 
 past all of them , to the one person who had n't said a word since he 'd entered the room . 
 to jenny . 
 `` every game has a prize , '' he said . 
 jenny met the impossibly blue eyes and knew she 'd been right . 
 they stood for a moment , looking at each other . 
 julian 's smile deepened . 
 tom looked back and forth between them . 
 understanding slowly dawned on his face . 
 `` no ... '' he whispered . 
 `` every game has a prize , '' the boy repeated . 
 `` winner take all . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 tom said and launched himself across the room . 
 tom lunged at the boy in black-and drew up short . 
 his eyes were fixed on something at his feet . 
 jenny could n't understand it-it was as if he saw something terrifying there on the carpet . 
 he turned to get away from it and stopped . 
 it was behind him , too . 
 slowly he backed up against the wall . 
 jenny was staring at him in dismay . 
 it was like watching one of the mimes out at venice beach . 
 a very good mime-jenny could tell that the things tom was facing were small , that they were trying to climb up his legs , and that he was terribly afraid of them . 
 but there was nothing on the carpet . 
 `` tom , '' she said in a thin voice and took a step . 
 `` do n't come near me ! 
 they 'll get you , too ! '' 
 it was awful . 
 tom , who was never afraid of anything , was cornered by empty air . 
 his lips were drawn back from his teeth , his chest was heaving . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 summer whimpered . 
 the others were all staring in silence . 
 jenny whirled on the boy in black , who was leaning against the parlor wall and watching in amusement . 
 `` what are you doing to him ? '' 
 `` in the game you have to face your nightmares . 
 this is just a free sample of tom 's . 
 no reason for the rest of you to be in on it . '' 
 jenny faced tom , drawing a deep breath . 
 she took a step toward him . 
 `` stay back ! '' 
 tom said , sharp and frightened . 
 `` does n't look like he 's conquered it yet , '' julian remarked . 
 jenny stepped right into the midst of what tom was staring at . 
 she felt nothing but air around her bare ankles . 
 she saw nothing . 
 but tom did-he yanked her to him , to the wall , falling down with her to his knees . 
 he kicked out . 
 `` tom , do n't ! 
 there 's nothing there ! 
 tom , look at me ! '' 
 his green-flecked eyes were wild . 
 `` keep away from her . 
 keep back ! '' 
 he was scuffing with his outstretched foot at the empty floor beside jenny , trying to push something away . 
 his mouth was quivering with disgust . 
 `` tom , '' she sobbed , shaking him . 
 he did n't even glance at her . 
 she buried her face in his shoulder , holding him with all her strength . 
 trying to will him sane again . 
 and then-her arms collapsed in on themselves . 
 it was like one of those magician 's tricks where the beautiful girl is hidden beneath a sheet-and then the sheet caves in and falls to the floor . 
 tom was there-tom was n't there . 
 like that . 
 jenny 's embracing arms were empty . 
 she screamed . 
 and looked helplessly , wildly down at her hands , at her lap . 
 at the floor . 
 tom could n't be gone . 
 he was . 
 she looked behind her and saw that the others were , too . 
 jenny 's eyes darted to the dim hallway . 
 it was empty . 
 the curtains over the window were flat and still . 
 but dee was gone , and audrey was gone , and zach and michael and summer were all gone from the parlor . 
 all five of them , without a sound . 
 the way things vanish in dreams . 
 please let it be a dream , jenny thought . 
 i 've had enough , now . 
 please , i 'm sorry ; let it be a dream . 
 she was clutching the carpet so tensely that her fingernails were bending back . 
 it hurt , and the pain did n't wake her up . 
 nothing changed . 
 her friends were still gone . 
 the boy in black was still there . 
 `` where did they go ? 
 what did you do with them ? '' 
 she said . 
 she was so dazed that it came out as a sort of insane calm . 
 julian smiled whimsically . 
 `` they 're upstairs , scattered around the house , waiting to face their nightmares . 
 waiting for you . 
 you 'll find them as you go through the game . '' 
 `` as i go ? '' 
 jenny said stupidly . 
 `` look , you do n't understand . 
 i do n't know what 's - '' `` you 're the main player here , you know , '' he interrupted , gently chiding . 
 `` the door back to your world is at the top of the house , and it 's open . 
 if you can get to it , you can go . 
 bring your friends and they can leave , too . '' 
 jenny 's mind was still stuck on one thing . 
 `` where 's tom ? 
 i want - '' `` your-tom-is at the top . '' 
 he pronounced the name as if it were something not mentioned in polite society . 
 `` i 'll be giving him my special attention . 
 you 'll see him when you get there-if you get there . '' 
 `` look , please . 
 i do n't want to play any game . '' 
 jenny was still speaking as if this was all a mistake that would be cleared up somehow , as long as she stayed rational . 
 as long as she avoided his eyes . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're thinking , but - '' he interrupted again . 
 `` and if you do n't get there , then i win . 
 and you stay here , with me . '' 
 `` what do you mean-with you ? '' 
 jenny said sharply , jerked out of her courtesy . 
 he smiled . 
 `` i mean that you stay in this place , in my world . 
 with me-as mine . '' 
 jenny stared at him-and then she was on her feet , her composure shattering . 
 `` you 're out of your mind ! '' 
 she said . 
 she would have lunged at him , herself , if she 'd ever had any practice at violence . 
 `` careful , jenny . '' 
 she stopped , frightened by what she sensed in him . 
 looking into his eyes , she saw something so alien , so terrifying , that she could n't move . 
 it was then , at last , that she believed what was happening . 
 full realization of what this boy had done , of everything that had happened tonight , crashed in on her . 
 the young man standing before her , looking almost human , could do magic . 
 `` oh , god , '' she whispered . 
 all her violence had drained away , replaced by a fear older and deeper than anything she 'd ever experienced . 
 an old , old recognition . 
 something inside her knew him from a time when girls took skin bags to the river to get water , a time when panthers walked in the darkness outside mud huts . 
 from a time before electric lights , before candles , when darkness was fended off with stone lamps . 
 when darkness was the greatest danger of all . 
 jenny looked at the boy standing beside her with his hair shining like moonlight . 
 if darkness had taken on a face and a voice , if the powers of night had gathered themselves together and formed themselves into a human being , they would have made something like this . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 whispered jenny . 
 `` do n't you know yet ? '' 
 jenny shook her head . 
 `` never mind . 
 you will , before the game is over . '' 
 jenny tried to regain her calm . 
 `` look-let 's just ... you were at the game store . '' 
 `` i was waiting for you . '' 
 `` so this was all-set up ? 
 but why me ? 
 why are you doing this to me ? '' 
 jenny could feel hysteria tugging at her again . 
 then he said it . 
 he was looking at her with eyes like the sky on a november morning , one corner of his mouth turned up . 
 he spoke gravely and a little formally . 
 `` because , '' he said , `` i 've fallen in love with you . '' 
 jenny stared at him . 
 `` surprised ? 
 you should n't be . 
 i first saw you a long time ago-you were such a pretty little girl . 
 as if there was sunshine all around you . 
 do you know the story of hades ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she did n't like this mercurial jumping from subject to subject . 
 `` hades , '' he said encouragingly , like someone helping her cram for a final . 
 `` greek god of the underworld . 
 ruler there . 
 he lived in the world of shadows-and he was lonely . 
 and then one day he looked up to the earth 's surface and saw persephone . 
 picking wildflowers , i think . 
 laughing . 
 he fell in love with her on the spot . 
 he wanted to make her his queen , but he knew perfectly well she would n't go with him willingly . 
 so ... '' `` so ? '' 
 jenny got out . 
 `` so he hitched his black horses to his chariot . 
 and the earth split open in front of persephone 's feet . 
 and her wildflowers fell to the ground . '' 
 `` that 's a story , '' jenny said , trying to keep her voice steady . 
 `` a myth . 
 there 's no such person as hades . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 after a moment julian went on : `` anyway , you 're luckier than persephone , jenny . 
 you have a chance to get away . 
 i could just take you , but i 'm giving you a chance . '' 
 he looked at jenny with eyes like liquid sapphires , wild exotic eyes . 
 she could n't speak , could n't look away . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 she whispered again . 
 `` who do you want me to be ? 
 i love you , jenny-i came from the world of shadows to get you . 
 i 'll be anything you like , give you anything you want . 
 do you like jewels ? 
 emeralds to match your eyes ? 
 diamonds ? '' 
 he reached outspread fingers toward her throat , not quite touching . 
 `` what about clothes ? 
 a different outfit for every hour of the day , in colors you 've never imagined . 
 pets ? 
 have a marmoset , or a white tiger . 
 far-off places ? 
 you can lie in the sun at cabo san lucas or cote d'azur . 
 anything , jenny . 
 just imagine . '' 
 jenny covered her face with her hands . 
 `` you 're crazy . '' 
 `` i can make your wildest dreams come true . 
 literally . 
 ask me for something , something you thought you could never have . 
 quick ; i may not make the offer again . '' 
 jenny was almost sobbing . 
 his voice , soft and insistent , made her feel as if she were falling . 
 she had a terrifying desire to collapse in his arms . 
 `` now , jenny , while we 're still friends . 
 later , things wo n't be so pleasant . 
 i do n't want to hurt you , but i will if it 's necessary . 
 save yourself a lot of pain and bother and let me make you happy now . 
 give in , yield to me . 
 it 's going to happen eventually , anyway . '' 
 the sensation of falling vanished . 
 jenny 's head snapped up . 
 `` oh , really ? '' 
 `` i never lose . '' 
 something was waking up in jenny . 
 usually she got angry quickly and got over it as quickly , like a summer cloudburst . 
 now she felt the slow kindling of something different , a deliberate , steady fury that would burn a long time . 
 `` careful , jenny , '' julian said again softly . 
 `` i will never give in to you , '' jenny told him , equally soft . 
 `` i 'll die first . '' 
 `` it wo n't come to that , i hope . 
 but other things might happen-once you start playing the game , i ca n't change the rules . 
 your friends might suffer . '' 
 `` what ? 
 how ? '' 
 he shook his head at her . 
 `` jenny , jenny . 
 do n't you understand anything that 's going on ? 
 they 're all playing the game . 
 they agreed to take the risks . 
 now they 'll have to take the consequences . '' 
 he turned . 
 `` no-wait ! '' 
 `` it 's too late , jenny . 
 i gave you a chance ; you refused it . 
 from now on we 'll be playing the game . '' 
 `` but - '' `` you can start with this riddle . '' 
 turning back , head tilted slightly , he recited : `` i am just two and two . 
 i am hot . 
 i am cold . 
 i 'm the parent of numbers that can not be told . 
 i 'm a gift beyond measure , a matter of course , and i 'm yielded with pleasure-when taken by force . '' 
 jenny shook her head . 
 `` that tells who you are ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` no , that tells what i want from you . 
 give me the answer , and i 'll let one of your friends go . '' 
 jenny pushed the riddle to the back of her mind . 
 it did n't make any sense , and while julian was in the room , it was impossible to concentrate on anything else but him . 
 in all this time he had n't lost his whimsical good cheer , his charm . 
 he was obviously loving this game , having a wonderful time . 
 `` that 's all , '' he said . 
 `` let the game begin . 
 by the way , if you get hurt in these nightmares , you get hurt for real . 
 if you die , you die . 
 and i can tell you right off that one of you probably wo n't make it . '' 
 jenny 's head jerked up . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` that would be telling . 
 let 's just say that one of you probably does n't have the strength to get through . 
 oh , and did i mention the time limit ? 
 the door in the turret-the door back to your own world-is going to close at dawn . 
 which tomorrow is at exactly six-eleven . 
 if you ca n't get to it by then , you 're stuck here-so do n't waste your time . 
 here 's something to remind you . '' 
 far away but clear , an unseen clock chimed . 
 jenny turned toward the sound , counting unconsciously as it struck . 
 ten . 
 when she turned back , julian was gone . 
 jenny held herself motionless . 
 there was no sound . 
 the fringe on the green velvet lamp rippled slightly ; otherwise the room was still . 
 for an instant just being alone was enough to panic her . 
 she was by herself in a house that did n't exist . 
 no , do n't freak . 
 think . 
 you can look around now . 
 maybe there 's a way out of here . 
 she went to the window , pulled the heavy peacock-blue curtain aside . 
 then she froze . 
 at first she simply stared , breath catching in her throat , feeling her eyes go wide like a deer 's . 
 then she whipped the curtain back in place , jerking it past the closing point , pressing it against the window with her hands . 
 she could hardly make herself let go of the velvety material , but she did , and then she backed away quickly . 
 she did n't want to see outside again . 
 a landscape of elemental terror . 
 like something out of the ice age-as painted by a mad impressionist . 
 a blizzard with huge ungainly shapes lumbering through it . 
 blue and green flashes like lightning giving glimpses of deformed creatures crawling over icy ground . 
 twisted pinnacles of rock corkscrewing up toward a blank white sky . 
 she would n't survive a minute out there . 
 when the devil goes ice-skating , jenny thought . 
 so what if hell 's already frozen ? 
 oh , how funny . 
 michael would appreciate that . 
 she felt tears sting her nose , her eyes . 
 she stood hunched and miserable , hugging her own elbows in the center of the empty room . 
 she had never felt so alone-or so frightened . 
 she missed her friends desperately . 
 dee 's courage michael 's humor , audrey 's practicality . 
 even summer would give jenny someone to protect , and as for zach-she wanted to find out what was wrong with him . 
 in all the years she 'd known him , she 'd never seen him act this way . 
 but most of all she wanted tom . 
 tom , she thought fiercely . 
 he 's the one in trouble . 
 not you . 
 he 's going through god knows what , getting julian 's special attention . 
 and you have no business standing here moaning while that 's happening . 
 the yelling at herself actually helped-it shut up the babbling little voices in the back of her mind telling her that she could n't deal . 
 julian had said it depended on her . 
 all right . 
 she was calmer now . 
 she knew she had to start moving-but where ? 
 jenny tried to gather her scattered thoughts , to remember the configuration of the paper house . 
 the parlor had been off a long central gangway on the first floor . 
 at the end of that hallway there had been a staircase . 
 upstairs , julian had said . 
 jenny found herself moving through the candle-lit hallway , past gold-framed portraits which looked down disapprovingly from the walls . 
 she looked up at the stairway . 
 it was wide , carpeted down the middle . 
 there was absolutely nothing strange about it-and jenny could n't force herself to put a foot on it . 
 i could turn around and run , she thought . 
 it was impossible to realize-emotionally-that she could n't just go back into the parlor and find a way home . 
 but intellectually she knew there was nothing in the parlor to help her . 
 and she did n't want to think what she might see if she opened the front door of this house . 
 so you can stay here and hide , or you can go up . 
 you have to choose . 
 she put a foot on the stairway . 
 it was solid . 
 like any stairway . 
 she started climbing toward the darkness at the top . 
 the hallway on the second floor seemed to stretch on forever in both directions , so dark that jenny could n't see any end to it . 
 there were candles in brass candle holders at intervals on the walls , but they were far apart and did n't give much light . 
 jenny did n't remember any hall in the paper house looking this way . 
 in fact , what this place really looked like was the haunted mansion at disneyland . 
 like every other kid in southern california , jenny had been to disneyland so often she knew it by heart , and she recognized the creepy wallpaper . 
 but that was ridiculous . 
 why should it look like that ? 
 she walked with fingertips brushing the wall . 
 a dozen steps down the hall she saw something far ahead in the dimness , moving under the flickering light of a candle . 
 jenny did n't know whether to run toward it or away . 
 then she noticed something familiar in the long legs and the greyhound build of the figure . 
 `` dee ! '' 
 dee barely glanced up as jenny reached her . 
 she was wrestling with a door which bulged just like a door in the haunted mansion , the one that had always scared jenny as a child . 
 a lot of the things in the haunted mansion were simply silly , and a lot of others were mind-boggling-but only one thing there had ever really frightened jenny when she was young ... and that was a door . 
 a closed door , which bulged in the middle as if a great weight was leaning on it from the inside , deforming the wood , expanding , relaxing . 
 while all the time guttural snarls , not the sort of sounds a human could make , came from behind it . 
 the door that dee was wrestling with was doing exactly the same thing . 
 only it was open a little . 
 dee had her lynx like body braced against it , head down , knees bent , one long slender leg back so the toe of her sneaker dug into the black carpet of the hallway , but she could n't quite get the door shut . 
 without a word jenny went and helped her , leaning to press on the door above and below the handle which dee was grasping . 
 the keyhole had a large key in it . 
 `` push , '' dee gasped . 
 jenny leaned harder , throwing her weight behind it , while dee pushed right above her , body stretched taut beside jenny 's . 
 the door pushed back and bulged . 
 the low , thick snarling rose in tone . 
 angrily . 
 jenny felt her muscles begin to tremble . 
 she put her head down and shut her eyes , teeth locking . 
 `` push ! '' 
 the door yielded a crucial fraction of an inch , closing . 
 dee 's hand shot to the key and turned it . 
 there was a click , the sound of a bolt shooting home . 
 the door was n't pushing anymore . 
 jenny stumbled back , legs weak with the sudden release of strain , and looked at it . 
 no bulging . 
 no snarling now , either . 
 it was just an ordinary six-paneled door , as quiet and innocent as a door could be . 
 there was utter silence in the hallway . 
 jenny backed to the opposite wall , then slowly slid down it until she was resting on her heels . 
 her forehead was wet around her hair roots . 
 dee was leaning one hand against the wall by the door . 
 `` hi , '' jenny said at last . 
 `` hi . '' 
 they continued to look at each other blankly . 
 `` have you seen the others ? '' 
 dee shook her head . 
 `` me , either . 
 he said-you know , him '' - jenny paused `` he said you guys were scattered around the house . 
 waiting for your nightmares . '' 
 jenny looked at the door . 
 `` were you in there ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i was in the parlor watching tom , and then all of a sudden i got dizzy . 
 i woke up on the floor here . 
 there was only one door , and i wondered what was inside , so i opened it . '' 
 `` oh . 
 what was inside ? '' 
 `` just your average butt-ugly monster . '' 
 `` like the ones in the pictures-the creeper and the lurker or whatever ? '' 
 `` no , really ugly . 
 sort of like coach rogers . '' 
 dee was taking this rather calmly , jenny thought . 
 she looked strained and stern , but very beautiful , like a statue carved out of ebony . 
 `` we 'd better look around , '' she said . 
 `` see if we can find the others . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 jenny did n't move . 
 dee , still standing , reached out to her . 
 `` come on . 
 up . '' 
 `` i 'm going to faint . '' 
 `` do n't you dare . 
 on your feet , soldier ! '' 
 jenny got up . 
 she looked down the hallway . 
 `` i thought you said there was only one door . 
 what 's that , then ? '' 
 `` it was n't there before . '' 
 they both looked at the door . 
 it was just like the other one , six-paneled , innocuous . 
 `` what do you think is behind this one ? '' 
 jenny said carefully . 
 `` let 's see . '' 
 dee reached for the knob . 
 `` wait , you lunatic ! '' 
 trying not to flinch , jenny pressed her ear to the wood . 
 she could n't hear anything but her own breathing . 
 `` okay-but be ready to shut it again fast . '' 
 dee flashed her a barbaric grin and stood ready to kick the door shut . 
 jenny put her hand on the knob , turned it . 
 `` now , '' dee said , and jenny flung the door open . 
 the room behind the door had golden-ocher walls . 
 on one of them an african mask hung in primitive glory . 
 several clay sculptures rested on built-in teak shelving , including a bust that could have been nefertiti . 
 leather cushions were tossed around the floor , one resting beside a complete home gym . 
 it was dee 's bedroom . 
 the bust was one that dee 's grandmother , aba , had made of dee . 
 there was a stack of textbooks by the bed and a pile of half-completed homework on the nightstand . 
 jenny loved this room , loved to see what aba would bring dee next from her travels . 
 but seeing it now was unnerving . 
 once they were inside , the door shut behind them-and disappeared . 
 when jenny turned at the sound of slamming , she saw nothing but a blank ocher wall where the door used to be . 
 `` great-now we 're trapped , '' jenny said . 
 dee was frowning . 
 `` there must be a way out . '' 
 they tried the window . 
 instead of the ice age outside it was the ordinary view from dee 's upstairs room . 
 jenny could see the grass below , illuminated by a porch light . 
 but the window would n't budge , or-as they discovered when dee swung a ten-pound barbell against it-break . 
 `` so now what ? '' 
 jenny said . 
 `` why are we in your room ? 
 i do n't understand what 's going on . '' 
 `` if this place is like a dream and we know we 're dreaming it , we should be able to change things . 
 with our minds . 
 maybe we 're supposed to make a way out of here . '' 
 they both tried , with no results . 
 no matter how hard jenny concentrated on making the door reappear , nothing happened . 
 `` i give up . '' 
 dee took off her jacket and flopped on the bed-as if this place really were her room . 
 jenny sat beside her , trying to think . 
 her brain was n't working properly-shock , she supposed . 
 `` all right , look . 
 that guy said we 're each supposed to face our nightmares . 
 so this must be - '' she began , but dee interrupted . 
 `` what else did he say ? 
 who is he ? '' 
 `` oh . 
 do you ... do you believe in the devil ? '' 
 dee gave her a scornful look . 
 `` the only devil i know is dakaki , and he only makes you horny . 
 according to aba . '' 
 `` i think he wanted me to believe he was the devil , '' jenny said softly . 
 `` but i do n't know . '' 
 `` and he wants us to play the game with him ? 
 just like the one in the box , only for real ? '' 
 `` if we get to the turret by dawn , we can go , '' jenny said . 
 `` if we do n't , he wins . '' 
 she looked at the other girl . 
 `` dee , are n't you scared ? '' 
 `` of the supernatural ? '' 
 dee shrugged . 
 `` what 's to be scared of ? 
 i always liked sword-and-sorcery stuff ; i 'm glad it 's true . 
 and i do n't see why we ca n't beat him . 
 i swore to kick the shadow man 's ass before-and i 'm going to . 
 you wait . '' 
 `` but-this is all so crazy , '' jenny said . 
 now that she had time to sit and think , reaction was setting in . 
 she was shaking again . 
 `` it 's like you 've always thought , sure , maybe there 's esp , maybe there 're strange things out there in the dark . 
 but you never think it could happen to you . '' 
 dee opened her mouth , but jenny rushed on . 
 `` and then it does and everything 's different and it is n't possible and it 's still happening . '' 
 she looked hard into the dark eyes with the slightly amber-tinted whites , desperate for understanding . 
 `` that 's right , '' dee said briefly , returning jenny 's gaze . 
 `` it is happening . 
 so all the rules are changed . 
 we have to adapt-fast . 
 or we 're not going to make it . '' 
 `` but - '' `` but nothing , jenny . 
 you know what your problem is ? 
 you think too much . 
 there 's no point in talking about it anymore . 
 what we have to worry about now is surviving . '' 
 dee 's straightforward , razor-sharp mind had gone to the heart of the matter . 
 what was happening was happening , possible or not . 
 they had to deal with it if they wanted to live . 
 jenny wanted to live . 
 `` right , '' she breathed . 
 `` so we adapt . '' 
 dee flashed her brilliant smile . 
 `` besides , it 's kind of fun , '' she said . 
 `` do n't you think ? '' 
 jenny thought of tom cowering from something invisible on the floor . 
 she leaned her forehead onto her fingertips . 
 `` something must scare you , though , '' she said after a minute , looking up . 
 `` you drew a nightmare . '' 
 dee picked up a beaded ndebele bracelet from the nightstand and examined it . 
 `` my mom scares me . 
 really , '' she added , at jenny 's disgusted look . 
 `` her stuff at the university-computers and all . '' 
 dee glanced toward the window . 
 jenny saw only the curtains made of applique cloth from dahomey . 
 `` you 're afraid of technology ? '' 
 she said in disbelief . 
 `` i am not afraid of technology . 
 i just like to be able to deal with things-you know , directly . '' 
 dee held up a slender clenched fist , and jenny looked at the corded tendons in the dark forearm . 
 no wonder dee was n't afraid of the `` sword and sorcery '' stuff-she fit right into the heroic mythos . 
 `` it 's the same reason i wo n't go to college , '' dee said . 
 `` i want to work with my hands . 
 and not at anything arty . '' 
 `` aba would smack you , '' jenny told her . 
 `` and your brain 's as good as your hands - '' she broke off because dee was once again looking at the window . 
 `` dee , what did you draw ? '' 
 she said , sitting up straight and finally asking the question she should have asked in the first place . 
 `` nothing 's happening . '' 
 `` what did you draw ? '' 
 a red light was blossoming outside the window , like the glow of a distant fire . 
 jenny whipped her head toward a crackling sound and saw that dee 's stereo had begun to smoke . 
 `` what - ? '' 
 jenny breathed . 
 dee was already moving toward the window . 
 `` what 's going to happen ? '' 
 jenny yelled , jumping up . 
 she had to yell because of the throbbing sound that suddenly permeated the room . 
 it resonated in jenny 's bones . 
 outside , a silhouette appeared against the light . 
 `` dee ! '' 
 jenny grabbed for the other girl , trying to pull her away from the window . 
 she was panicking and she knew it . 
 the thing outside was huge , blocking out the stars , dull black and non-reflective itself but haloed in its own red glow . 
 the eucalyptus trees outside were thrashing in a violent wind . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 jenny screamed , dimly aware that dee was clutching back at her . 
 but that was a stupid question . 
 what could it be , hovering outside a second-story window , shaped like a half-sphere with the flat side down ? 
 as jenny watched , six beams of light , bright as phosphorous flares , shot out from the bottom of the thing . 
 one of the lights swung around to shine directly through the window . 
 jenny was blinded , but she heard the shivery tinkle of glass , and a blast of wind blew her hair straight back . 
 the window 's gone , she thought . 
 the wind roaring past her was freezing and felt somehow electric . 
 behind her a brass tray fell off a wooden stand with a crash . 
 that was when jenny found she could n't move . 
 the light was paralyzing her somehow , her muscles going like jelly . 
 there was the strong pungent odor of an electric storm . 
 she was losing consciousness . 
 i 'm going to die , she thought . 
 i 'll never wake up . 
 with a great effort she turned her head toward dee for help . 
 dee was facing the light stiffly , pupils contracted to pinpoints . 
 unable to help jenny or herself . 
 fight , jenny thought weakly . 
 this time fainting was like oozing into a black puddle of sludge . 
 the room was round . 
 jenny was lying on a table that conformed to her body 's shape . 
 her eyes were burning and tearing , and she felt a great disinclination to move . 
 a white light shone down on her from above . 
 `` it 's exactly the way i thought it would be , '' a husky voice said . 
 jenny fought off the lassitude enough to turn her head . 
 dee was on another table a few feet away . 
 `` it 's just like what i 've read about the visitors , just like my dreams . '' 
 jenny had never thought much about ufos at all , but this was n't what she would have expected . 
 the only thing she knew about aliens was that they-did things-to people . 
 `` so this was your nightmare , '' she said . 
 dee 's perfect profile was tilted up toward the white spotlight above her , looking exactly like an egyptian carving . 
 `` oh , brilliant , '' she said . 
 `` any other deductions ? '' 
 `` yes , '' said jenny . 
 `` we 've got to get out of here . '' 
 `` ca n't move , '' dee said . 
 `` can you ? '' 
 there were no obvious restraints , but jenny 's arms and legs were too heavy to lift . 
 she could breathe and move her torso a little , but her limbs were dead weights . 
 i 'm scared , jenny thought . 
 and then she thought about how dee must feel . 
 as an athlete , physical helplessness was dee 's worst fear . 
 the strong , slim body that she 'd cultivated with so much care was no use at all to her now . 
 `` this place-it 's so sterile , '' dee said , her nostrils flaring . 
 `` smell it ? 
 and i bet they 're like hive insects , all the same . 
 if we could just get up to fight them ... but they 've got weapons , obviously . '' 
 jenny understood . 
 muscle and ingenuity would n't do anything against sterile , hellishly efficient technology . 
 no wonder it was dee 's personal nightmare . 
 jenny noticed a movement in her peripheral vision . 
 they were small-summer 's size . 
 to jenny they looked like demons : hairless , with slender bodies and large glittering dark eyes . 
 no noses , slits for mouths . 
 their skin glowed like bad mushrooms-very pale mushrooms grown in a cellar without ever seeing the light . 
 jenny noticed an odor of almonds . 
 they were alive , but they were as alien and wrong as the bleached things that crawl around at the bottom of caves . 
 just the sight of them struck jenny with sick terror . 
 they were naked , but jenny could n't see anything that would make them male or female . 
 their bodies were hideous blanks , like dolls ' bodies . 
 they 're its , jenny thought . 
 somehow , jenny knew they were going to hurt her . 
 dee made a faint sound . 
 jenny turned toward her . 
 it was easier than it had been the other time , and after an instant she realized that the spotlight above her had dimmed fractionally . 
 dee 's light was brighter , because dee was trying to get away . 
 jenny had never seen dee frightened before-even in the parlor dee had looked more alert than anything else . 
 but now dee looked like a terrified animal . 
 droplets of sweat stood on her forehead with the effort to move . 
 the more she thrashed , the brighter the light above her got . 
 `` dee , stop it , '' jenny said , agonized . 
 she could n't stand to watch . 
 `` it 's just a dream , dee ! 
 do n't let it get to you . '' 
 but julian had said if they got hurt in the dream , they got hurt for real . 
 the visitors were clustering around dee , but they did n't seem alarmed . 
 they seemed absolutely indifferent . 
 one of them pushed a cart over to the far side of dee 's table . 
 jenny saw a tray of gleaming instruments . 
 god-no , jenny thought . 
 dee collapsed back on the table , exhausted . 
 another being picked up something long and shiny from the tray , examined it with lustrous black eyes . 
 it flexed the thing a few times like a painter making practice runs with a brush . 
 it seemed dissatisfied , although with its masklike face jenny did n't know how she could tell this . 
 then it casually flicked the thing up dee 's thigh and dee screamed . 
 it was like hearing your father scream . 
 jenny was so frightened that she tried to get up , and only succeeded in disarranging her legs slightly . 
 one of the beings repositioned them carefully , stretching her feet toward the bottom corners of the table . 
 she had never felt so open , so utterly vulnerable . 
 dee 's black spandex legging gaped where the thing had cut it . 
 jenny could see blood . 
 the being handed the instrument to one of the others , which took it away . 
 if they were talking or communicating , jenny could n't sense it . 
 certainly nobody tried to communicate with dee or jenny . 
 they were moving around again . 
 one of them-the same one who had cut dee ? 
 - took up a new instrument and went to jenny 's table . 
 with a swift , deft movement the being touched the instrument to jenny 's hand . 
 jenny felt a pinch . 
 then the probe went in her ear . 
 outraged , jenny tried to roll her head away , but small hands-strong as claws inside mushroom flesh-held her forehead . 
 she felt the probe go in deeper , and she squirmed frantically . 
 it touched her eardrum and hurt like a q-tip stabbed too deep . 
 she was completely helpless . 
 whatever they wanted to do to her , they would do . 
 tears of pain and fury trickled out of her eyes , down her temples . 
 they put the probe in her other ear . 
 one of them dabbed at her eye , holding the lid open . 
 jenny felt the touch of cool metal against her eyeball . 
 `` it 's just a dream , '' she called to dee , almost sobbing , when the probe was withdrawn . 
 `` it 's not real ! '' 
 she could n't hear any answer from the other table . 
 what kind of game was this , where you did n't have a chance ? 
 julian had talked about `` getting through '' the nightmares , but jenny did n't think that meant just waiting for them to pass . 
 she was supposed to do something , but she did n't know what , and she could n't move . 
 and she did n't think she and dee were going to survive this if they just lay here . 
 `` what do you want from us ? '' 
 she shouted . 
 `` what are we supposed to do ? '' 
 there was a shifting among the visitors . 
 a new kind of being had arrived . 
 taller than the others , clearly in command , with skin as white as wax . 
 its fingers were twice as long as a human 's . 
 although jenny got only a glimpse of its face , it looked more menacing than the other kind , its features even more exaggerated . 
 it picked something up from the instrument cart and went over to the far side of dee 's table . 
 it looked up at jenny , and she saw its eyes were blue . 
 not glittering black like the other beings ' eyes . 
 blue lakes endlessly deep , deep as a mountain is high . 
 eyes that looked inside you . 
 jenny stared back , her own eyes widening . 
 then she saw what it was holding . 
 a needle . 
 wire-thin , murderously long , longer than the needle for a spinal tap . 
 the tall visitor was holding it over dee 's stomach . 
 dee 's stomach was heaving wildly in a fight for breath . 
 her khaki t-shirt was sticking to her body as she writhed in a futile attempt to escape . 
 her sweat-soaked hair glistened like mica in the light . 
 `` do n't touch her ! '' 
 jenny cried . 
 to watch it happen to dee was worse than having it happen to herself . 
 the needle hovered just below dee 's navel . 
 dee 's abdomen went concave trying to avoid it . 
 dee made rocking , shifting motions as if trying to shimmy up the table , but she only moved in place . 
 the light above her intensified , and abruptly her struggles became weaker . 
 `` you bastard ! 
 leave her alone ! '' 
 what can i do ? 
 jenny thought . 
 she had to stop this-but how ? 
 the light . 
 it came to her suddenly . 
 the light above her had dimmed as dee 's had brightened . 
 maybe she could move now . 
 and if she could move - she began to rock . 
 she had some control over her body . 
 not much . 
 her arms and legs were still useless , like huge pieces of dead meat attached to her . 
 but she could move her trunk and her head and neck . 
 using all her strength , she rocked her weight from one side to the other . 
 dee saw her . 
 all the other eyes in the room , all those slanted liquidy black eyes , and the one pair of deep blue , were on dee 's stomach , on the needle . 
 but dee 's thrashing head had turned toward jenny , and just for a moment the two of them were looking at each other , communicating without words . 
 then dee began to struggle again . 
 the harder dee fought , the brighter the light over dee . 
 the brighter the light over dee , the dimmer the light over jenny . 
 fall off this table and you 'll have no way to control it , jenny 's mind told her . 
 a broken arm or leg , at least , and maybe a broken nose . 
 you 'll smash into the floor facedown . 
 she kept on rocking . 
 maybe dee thought she was just trying to get away , but what jenny cared about was distracting them . 
 stopping that thing with its too-long fingers from putting the needle in dee . 
 if she hurt herself they 'd have to come deal with her . 
 they 'd leave dee alone . 
 she swung her torso harder and harder , like a beetle trying to upend itself . 
 dee was fighting madly , yelling out insults to keep the aliens ' attention . 
 the light above jenny dimmed further , jenny surged violently-and felt her momentum take her over the edge . 
 for a moment she teetered there , balanced on her side , then the deadweight of her arms and legs decided the issue , and she felt herself begin to fall . 
 there was a burst of startled movement from the aliens , and the light flamed into brightness above her . 
 it did n't matter in the least . 
 it was n't her muscles that were in charge , it was the law of gravity . 
 something nobody could argue with . 
 jenny thought . 
 searing illumination was reflecting off the white floor , and jenny shut her eyes as that floor seemed to come up to meet her . 
 she flinched away from the moment of impact . 
 when the impact did n't come , she opened her eyes . 
 she was floating , facedown , an inch or so from the floor . 
 suspended . 
 paralyzed . 
 the aliens were scuttling around hysterically , as if they were n't programmed to deal with this . 
 as if they were as surprised by her midair arrest as she was . 
 the painful reflection on the floor softened . 
 jenny was still floating . 
 it was a very strange sensation . 
 the small aliens were still moving around in consternation-jenny could see by their feet . 
 a bunch of them crowded between the tables and lifted jenny back to hers . 
 she was positioned too high-she felt her ponytail hanging over the edge of the table . 
 and the light above her was dimmer . 
 maybe somebody who had n't been staring up at it for half an hour would n't notice , but jenny did . 
 the blue-eyed alien with the needle was beside her . 
 she expected it to touch her , but it did n't . 
 it just looked down , and jenny looked back . 
 why did n't you let me fall ? 
 she thought . 
 abruptly the tall alien turned away . 
 it motioned to the others , then walked out the octagonal doorway of the round room . 
 several of the small ones followed it , pushing the cart . 
 several others came and poured green liquid into jenny 's mouth . 
 it tasted like sugar and iodine . 
 jenny spit it out . 
 they restrained her head and poured her mouth full again . 
 this time she shut her lips , holding the liquid inside her mouth , doing her best not to swallow any . 
 she could have struck out at them-she could feel her fingers again-but she pretended she could n't move . 
 and then , blessedly , they went away . 
 jenny turned her head and spat her mouthful out . 
 her lips and tongue were numb . 
 she saw dee doing the same . 
 they looked at each other , then at the lights . 
 `` both dimmer , '' jenny whispered . 
 dee nodded . 
 then , eyes on the doorway , they squirmed and rocked themselves off the tables . 
 it was n't easy , but with the lights this dim , it was possible . 
 jenny , with no training in how to fall , bruised her arm and knee . 
 but dee was already pulling her up , out of the influence of the white light . 
 outside its circle , jenny could move freely . 
 `` look , '' she said , seizing dee 's arm . 
 it was a door , concave , set in the wall that had been behind jenny 's head . 
 it looked like an airplane door , which jenny recognized because she 'd once spent five hours studying one when her family flew to florida on vacation . 
 and which was absurd , jenny thought fretfully . 
 why should aliens have airplane doors ? 
 dee was n't worrying about it-she was moving levers and things . 
 the door swung away outward . 
 jenny shrieked . 
 she 'd never liked heights , and this was much higher than she 'd ever been in the open air . 
 she could see clouds below . 
 but we both went for the door instinctively , she thought . 
 it must be right . 
 we went into dee 's room and the door disappeared . 
 this is the first door we 've seen since . 
 it 's got to be the way out . 
 she still felt faint when she looked down . 
 `` i do n't care ; i 'd rather die than stay here . 
 besides , i always wanted to skydive , '' dee said , grabbed jenny 's hand , and jumped . 
 jenny really screamed then . 
 whistling wind slapped her face . 
 jenny 's eyes screwed shut against it . 
 everything was icy cold around her . 
 she felt weightless , but she knew she was falling . 
 if this is flying , i do n't think i like it - she did n't exactly faint then , but things got very confused . 
 she could n't see or hear anything until she hit an ocher-painted door with a thud , dee tumbling behind her . 
 from their direction and velocity they might have been thrown through dee 's bedroom window by a giant fist . 
 the door opened as she struck it , and she and dee both fell into the hallway . 
 the haunted mansion hallway . 
 dark as a crypt . 
 jenny stared into the golden glow of dee 's bedroom - - then the door whisked by her nose and slammed shut . 
 she and dee lay panting while their eyes gradually adjusted to the dimness . 
 dee leaned over and slowly , deliberately punched jenny in the biceps . 
 `` we did it , killer , '' she said . 
 `` you saved me . '' 
 `` we 're alive , '' jenny said wonderingly . 
 `` we got through . 
 dee-do you realize what happened ? 
 we won . '' 
 `` of course , '' dee said . 
 she poked her fingers into the hole in her leggings , and jenny saw that the cut was still there , the blood drying . 
 then dee flipped up her shirt . 
 jenny could count ribs under the velvety night-dark skin , below dee 's dark blue sports bra . 
 but there was no mark above the navel . 
 `` i told you , you saved me . 
 that was my worst nightmare-those things poking at me , and me not being able to stop them . '' 
 `` we both did it-by using our brains , '' jenny said . 
 `` anyway , now we know what to do in the nightmares . 
 once we 're inside we look for a door-any door . 
 hey , what 's that ? '' 
 a scrap of paper showed white against the black carpet . 
 jenny smoothed it out and saw it was a drawing , done in crayons . 
 a black thing like a bowler hat was hovering above stick trees , with rays of scribbled light around it . 
 `` i never could draw very well , '' dee said . 
 `` but you get the idea . 
 now what do we do ? '' 
 fear of the aliens had left its mark on dee 's face , but she also looked exhilarated , triumphant . 
 ready for anything . 
 jenny was suddenly very grateful to have this beautiful , brave girl on her side . 
 `` we find the others , '' she said . 
 `` we look for another door . '' 
 she dropped the crumpled paper on the floor and stood , offering dee a hand up . 
 an unseen clock struck eleven . 
 jenny stiffened . 
 `` that 's it-the clock i heard in the parlor . 
 it 's counting off the hours . 
 he said dawn was at six-eleven . '' 
 `` seven hours and change , '' dee said . 
 `` plenty of time . '' 
 jenny said nothing , but her little fingers tingled . 
 she could n't explain it , but she had the feeling dee was going to be proved very wrong . 
 the hallway seemed to stretch forever in both directions . 
 the stairway had disappeared . 
 `` it 's changed , '' she said . 
 `` it keeps changing-why ? '' 
 dee shook her head . 
 `` and who knows which way to go ? 
 we 'd better separate . '' 
 jenny nearly objected to this , but after what they 'd been through-well , she should be able to handle a hallway alone . 
 she started down it and immediately lost sight of dee . 
 it seemed almost normal to be walking down an impossible black-carpeted hall like something out of a horror movie . 
 i guess you can get used to anything , jenny thought . 
 after the blinding-white sterility of the alien ship , this dim place looked almost cozy . 
 there were no doors . 
 even the monster one , which should have been somewhere back this way , had disappeared . 
 the tiny flames of the candles went on endlessly ahead . 
 as jenny stopped under one to rest , she thought suddenly of the riddle she 'd pushed to the back of her mind earlier . 
 if it would get one of them out of here , she ought to try to solve it . 
 i am just two and two . 
 i am hot . 
 i am cold . 
 i 'm the parent of numbers that can not be told . 
 i 'm a gift beyond measure , a matter of course , and i 'm yielded with pleasure-when taken by force . 
 what could it possibly mean ? 
 two and two , hot and cold-it was probably something childishly simple . 
 `` how do you like the game so far ? '' 
 the voice was like silk-wrapped steel . 
 jenny turned fast . 
 julian was leaning against the wall . 
 he 'd changed clothes again ; he was wearing ordinary black jeans and a black t-shirt with the sleeves rolled up . 
 seeing him suddenly was like the first moment in the morning when the shower flicks on , a shock of cold awareness . 
 `` was it you ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` in the ship up there ? '' 
 `` that would be telling , '' he said , but for an instant his eyelids drooped , heavy lashes coming down . 
 `` why did n't you let me fall ? '' 
 `` did you know your eyes are dark as cypress trees ? 
 that means you 're unhappy . 
 when you 're happy they get lighter , they go all goldy-green . '' 
 `` how would you know ? 
 you 've never seen me happy . '' 
 he gave her a laughing glance . 
 `` is that what you think ? 
 i 'm a shadow man , jenny . '' 
 while jenny was trying to figure this out , he went right on . 
 `` cypress eyes and sun-glowing skin ... and your hair 's like liquid amber . 
 why do you wear it back like that ? '' 
 `` because tom likes it , '' jenny said reflexively , her standard response . 
 `` look , what did you mean - '' he shook his head , clicking his tongue . 
 `` may i ? '' 
 he said politely , straightening up . 
 his tone was so normal , so solicitous , that jenny nodded automatically . 
 she was still intent on her question . 
 `` what did you-no , do n't . '' 
 he had pulled the elastic band out of her ponytail . 
 jenny felt her hair fall about her neck , and then his fingers were in it . 
 an almost imperceptible shudder went through jenny . 
 `` do n't , '' she said again . 
 she did n't know how to deal with this situation . 
 he was n't being rough . 
 he still looked solicitous and friendly . 
 it did n't seem appropriate to hit him in the gut as dee had taught her to do with guys that annoyed her . 
 `` beautiful , '' he murmured . 
 his touch was as light as the soft pat of a cat 's paw , and his voice was like black velvet . 
 `` do n't you like it ? '' 
 `` no , '' jenny said , but she could feel the heat in her face . 
 she was backed against the wall now . 
 she did n't know how to get away from him-and the worst thing was that her body did n't seem sure it wanted to . 
 his cool fingers moved against her warm hair roots , and she felt a trembling thrill . 
 `` have i told you about your mouth ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` no ? 
 it 's soft . 
 short upper lip , full lower . 
 just about perfect , except that it 's usually a little wistful . 
 there 's something you want , jenny , that you 're not getting . '' 
 `` i have to go now , '' jenny said in a rush . 
 her standard stuck-with-a-jerk-at-a-party response . 
 she was so confused she did n't care if it did n't make sense here . 
 `` you do n't have to go anywhere . '' 
 he seemed unable to take his eyes away from her face for a second . 
 jenny had never held anyone 's gaze for this long-and she had never even dreamed of eyes like his . 
 `` i could show you what it is you 've been wanting , '' he said . 
 `` will you let me ? 
 let me show you , jenny . '' 
 his voice seemed to steal the bones from her body . 
 she was aware of shaking her head slightly , as much in response to the new feelings as to his question . 
 she did n't know what was happening to her . 
 tom 's touch made her feel safe , but this-this made her feel weak inside , as if her stomach were falling . 
 `` let me show you , '' he said again , so softly she could barely hear him . 
 his fingers were so gentle as they laced in her hair , urging her to tilt her face up toward him . 
 his lips were bare inches from hers . 
 jenny felt herself flowing toward him . 
 `` oh , stop , '' she said . 
 `` stop . '' 
 `` do you really want me to ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` all right . '' 
 to her astonishment , he stepped back , fingers trailing out of her hair . 
 jenny could still feel them . 
 i almost kissed him , she thought . 
 not the other way around . 
 in another minute i would have . 
 tom . 
 oh , tom . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 she said , her eyes filling again . 
 he sighed . 
 `` i told you . 
 i fell in love with you . 
 i did n't do it on purpose . '' 
 `` but we 're so different , '' jenny whispered . 
 she was still feeling weak at the knees . 
 `` why should you-want me ? 
 why ? '' 
 he looked at her , head tilted slightly , quizzically . 
 `` do n't you know ? '' 
 his eyes moved to her lips . 
 `` light to darkness , jenny . 
 darkness to light . 
 it 's always been that way . '' 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 and she did n't . 
 she would n't let herself understand it . 
 `` suppose the devil was just quietly minding his own business-when he saw a girl . 
 a girl who made him forget everything . 
 there 've been other girls more beautiful , of course-but this girl had something . 
 a goodness , a sweetness about her . 
 an innocence . 
 something simple he wanted . '' 
 `` to destroy it . '' 
 `` no , no . 
 to cherish it . 
 to warm his cold heart . 
 even a poor devil can dream , ca n't he ? '' 
 `` you 're trying to trick me . '' 
 `` am i ? '' 
 there was something oddly serious in his blue eyes . 
 `` i wo n't listen to you . 
 you ca n't make me listen . '' 
 `` true . '' 
 for just an instant julian looked tired . 
 then he gave his strange half smile . 
 `` then there 's no choice but to keep playing , is there ? 
 no choice for either of us . '' 
 `` julian - '' `` what ? '' 
 jenny caught herself up short , shaking her head . 
 he was crazy . 
 but one thing she believed , he really was in love with her . 
 she knew , somehow , that it was true . 
 she also knew something else about him-she 'd known it since that instant when she 'd looked into his eyes and seen the ancient shadows there . 
 she 'd known it when he 'd humiliated tom and terrorized dee . 
 he was evil . 
 cruel , capricious , and dangerous as a cobra . 
 a prince of darkness . 
 completely evil-and completely in love with her . 
 how was she supposed to reconcile that ? 
 `` if you want me so much , '' she said , `` why do n't you just take me , then ? 
 why go through all this with the game ? 
 you could grab me anytime-why do n't you just do it ? '' 
 his heavy lashes drooped again . 
 in that instant he looked exactly like the boy in the more games store . 
 almost vulnerable-almost human . 
 realization came to jenny . 
 `` because you ca n't , '' she breathed . 
 `` you ca n't , can you ? 
 you ca n't do just anything you want to , not even here . '' 
 his eyes flashed up , glittering like a snake 's . 
 jenny saw pure violence there . 
 `` this is my world . 
 i make the rules here - '' `` no . '' 
 giddy triumph was swelling through jenny , an effervescent rush . 
 `` not this one . 
 that 's why you asked if you could touch my hair . 
 that 's why you tried to make me kiss you . 
 you ca n't do it without my permission . '' 
 `` be careful , jenny , '' he said . 
 his face was cold and cruel . 
 jenny just laughed excitedly . 
 `` if you can kiss me against my will , then prove it , '' she said . 
 `` show me-do it now . '' 
 and then she added an italian phrase she 'd picked up from audrey . 
 `` come osi ! '' 
 it meant i dare you . 
 he did n't move . 
 jenny laughed again . 
 `` i do n't think you understand , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm going to have you , at any cost . 
 any cost , jenny , even if you have to suffer on the way . 
 if i ca n't force you , i 'll persuade you-and i can be very persuasive . '' 
 jenny felt some of the triumph fold up inside her . 
 `` remember where you are , jenny . 
 whose territory you 're on . 
 remember what i can do in the game . '' 
 jenny was completely sober now . 
 `` you challenged me-now i suppose i 'll have to show you what i am capable of . '' 
 `` i do n't care what you do to me . '' 
 `` maybe it wo n't be to you . 
 see your friend there ? 
 she 's playing the game , too . '' 
 he was looking down the hallway , in the same direction jenny had been going . 
 barely visible under a far candle was the copper glint of someone 's hair . 
 jenny drew in her breath . 
 `` do n't you dare - '' turning back to speak to him , jenny broke off . 
 julian was gone . 
 she was alone . 
 jenny bit her lip . 
 it was infuriating to talk to somebody who could do that , and she was beginning to think it had n't been a very good idea to laugh at him . 
 nothing to be done about it now . 
 `` audrey ! '' 
 she called and started down the hall . 
 audrey 's skin , usually pale as magnolia blossoms , was touched with a golden glow from the candles , and her auburn hair flashed copper . 
 she and jenny hugged , and jenny thought only audrey could stay so calm , so chic , in such awful circumstances . 
 `` you look as if any minute you 're going to be demanding to see your ambassador , '' jenny said . 
 `` if daddy were here he 'd take care of things , '' audrey agreed . 
 `` he 'd come out of retirement to take on this place on . 
 are you all right ? 
 you look a little flushed . '' 
 jenny put a hand to her cheek self-consciously . 
 `` it 's the light , '' she said . 
 `` uh , how long have you been here ? 
 i mean , did you see me-before i called ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'd been looking and looking-for anybody , but all i 've seen is this interminable hallway . '' 
 `` good . 
 i mean-it 's good that i found you . 
 the only other person i 've seen is dee . 
 she 's back there , and she 's just been through hell . 
 and you 're next , if i 'm right about the way this works . 
 i 'll explain as we go . '' 
 the explanation , about how they were all scattered , about finding doors in the nightmares , about the dawn time limit and about how things in the nightmares could hurt you , took until they found dee . 
 they did find dee , to jenny 's relief , standing beside a door . 
 `` i thought i 'd better guard it to make sure it did n't go anywhere , '' she said after a perfunctory nod at audrey . 
 audrey had only one question . 
 `` is he nordic , that guy ? 
 they 're supposed to be sexy as all get-out . '' 
 jenny ignored this . 
 `` since the doors move , how do we know this is n't one of the two we opened before ? '' 
 `` we do n't , '' dee said and flashed the smile . 
 dee 's wild , leaping beauty always annoyed audrey . 
 `` of course , it does n't have a key like the first one , but i guess we 'd better get in monster position again . 
 anything could be inside . '' 
 she and jenny did , ready to kick the door shut fast . 
 audrey 's eyebrows lifted into her spiky bangs . 
 `` no , thank you , she said politely . 
 not in a fitted linen skirt . 
 listen , you two , why are we doing this at all ? 
 why do n't we just sit down and refuse to play ? '' 
 `` did n't you listen to me before ? '' 
 jenny said . 
 `` if we 're still here by dawn , we stay for good . 
 we lose automatically . '' 
 `` i 've never lost anything by default , '' dee said . 
 then she said , `` now . '' 
 behind the door there was a forest . 
 cool wind blew out , ruffling jenny 's loose hair against her cheek . 
 it smelled like summer camp . 
 `` god , '' said jenny . 
 `` well , come on , '' audrey said , flicking her perfectly polished nails in a gesture of readiness . 
 `` we might as well get it over with . '' 
 `` it 's too weird , '' jenny said as they stepped inside - outside . 
 `` dee 's bedroom was a room , at least . 
 but this ... '' they were on the outskirts of a dark forest on a sloping hill . 
 above them the night sky was strewn with stars much bigger and brighter than the ones jenny usually saw from her vista grande backyard . 
 a moon of pure silver was rising . 
 the door had slammed and disappeared , of course , as soon as they stepped through . 
 behind jenny were meadows and pastures ; before her a tangled mass of pitch-black trunks and bushes . 
 the girls were alone on the hill in the moonlight . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 audrey said , shivering fastidiously . 
 `` do n't you know ? 
 it 's your nightmare-you drew it . '' 
 `` i drew a picture of me opening the bloomies catalog and finding it blank , '' audrey said . 
 `` that 's my worst nightmare . 
 do n't look at me that way-shopping is cheaper than therapy . '' 
 and that was all she would say about it . 
 there were a few scattered lights in the valley below them . 
 `` but it 's too far to hike , '' jenny said , `` and even if we did get down there , i do n't think that there would really be any people . '' 
 audrey looked at her strangely , but dee nodded . 
 `` it feels like one of those model-train landscapes - or like a stage set , '' she said . 
 `` false fronts . 
 you 're right , i do n't think we 'd find little houses with people in them down there . 
 which means - '' they faced the forest bleakly . 
 `` why do i have a bad feeling about this ? '' 
 jenny asked . 
 `` come on , '' dee said . 
 `` let 's make it happen . '' 
 the forest looked solid , but with dee in the lead they found a way into it . 
 it was mostly pine and fir trees , with the occasional beech shining silvery gray against the darkness of the background . 
 `` oh , my god , '' audrey said after they 'd been walking some time . 
 `` high ground , evergreen trees , rocks-i know where we are now . 
 it 's the black forest . '' 
 `` sounds like something from a story , '' jenny muttered , picking her way through the undergrowth . 
 `` it 's a real place . 
 i saw it when i was eight , when daddy was at the german embassy . 
 it-scared me a little , because it was the forest , you know . '' 
 dee threw a derisive glance over her shoulder . 
 `` the forest ? '' 
 `` the forest where everything happened-where the grimm brothers got all their fairy tales . 
 you know , snow white . 
 hansel and gretel . 
 little red riding-hood and the - '' audrey stopped in midsentence . 
 in front of her , dee had stopped , too . 
 jenny 's knees locked . 
 just ahead of them in the tangled blackness , yellow eyes glowed . 
 jenny even imagined she could see moonlight gleaming off sharp teeth . 
 all three girls stood very still . 
 seconds passed and the yellow eyes remained motionless . 
 then they seemed to shift to a different angle so that one went out . 
 both flashed toward the girls again , then both went out . 
 jenny heard underbrush crunching . 
 the sound got fainter . 
 it faded into a profound silence in which jenny could hear her heart beating strong and very fast in her chest . 
 jenny let out her breath . 
 dee 's shoulders heaved slightly . 
 she reached down and picked up a long stick almost as thick as her own slim wrist . 
 she settled it in her hand , waggling it , testing her grip . 
 it made a good weapon . '' 
 - and the wolf , '' said audrey , her voice suspiciously calm . 
 she tucked stray wisps of hair into her french twist , her lips tight . 
 the three of them looked at one another , then started walking again . 
 what else was there to do ? 
 `` it was strange , that wolf coming just when you were talking about one , '' dee said . 
 `` unless - '' jenny stopped dead . 
 `` wait , '' she said . 
 something had fallen into place with an almost audible click . 
 `` let me think a minute ... yes . 
 it was n't strange at all that the wolf came when audrey was talking about it . 
 do n't you see ? 
 he 's taking it all from our own minds . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 audrey said , her well-bred nostrils flared . 
 `` who do you think ? 
 julian . 
 the shadow man . 
 he 's creating the game around us-or we 're doing it-but either way it 's made up of our own thoughts . 
 that hallway back in the house is the hallway from the haunted mansion at disneyland . 
 it always scared me as a kid-so it came from my mind . 
 and the door in the ufo was like a plane door i 'd seen . '' 
 dee 's eyes flashed like a jaguar 's . 
 `` and the parlor-i saw a lamp like that once in jamestown . 
 i wondered what it was doing here . '' 
 `` everything-every detail-is coming from us , '' jenny said . 
 `` not just big things but little things . 
 he 's using our minds against us . '' 
 `` so what 's going to happen next ? '' 
 dee asked audrey . 
 `` you 're the one who should know what scares you most . 
 i mean , should we be on the lookout for walking trees or little hooded men or what ? 
 or was that wolf it ? '' 
 `` i was only eight when i lived here , '' audrey said coldly . 
 `` and , no , i do n't remember specifically which story ... disturbed me ... most . 
 i had a german nurse , and she told me all of them . '' 
 she and dee glared at each other . 
 `` we could run into something from any of our minds , '' jenny said , to make peace . 
 `` anything could happen here . 
 you can feel it . '' 
 she knew in her heart that it was going to be something worse than the wolf . 
 something more un-mundane . 
 audrey did n't like anything supernatural , so it followed that whatever happened was going to be very . 
 remember , it 's all a dream , she told herself . 
 but she could hear julian 's voice in her mind : `` i can tell you right off that one of you probably wo n't make it . '' 
 they walked . 
 underbrush clutched at jenny 's skirt like little fingers . 
 the fragrance of evergreens surrounded them like a thousand christmas trees . 
 all jenny could see was darkness and the endless tangle of forest ahead . 
 her nerves stretched and stretched . 
 they literally stumbled on the clearing . 
 one large tree grew there-a yew , jenny thought . 
 it stood in front of a great jumble of rocks and boulders that looked as if they might have been left by a glacier . 
 the tree had rough bark , dark green needles , and red berries . 
 gathered around it was a group of young men in weird clothes . 
 they were wearing pants and long over-tunics of leather trimmed with fur , very old-fashioned looking . 
 their arms were bare and muscular . 
 the ground beside the tree had been cleared and a circle drawn on it . 
 inside the circle a fire burned , and red light glinted off daggers and what looked like drinking horns . 
 the whole area was decorated with flowers . 
 `` it 's some kind of secret ceremony , '' dee whispered . 
 `` and we 're spying on it , '' she added with considerable relish . 
 `` they 're certainly good-looking , '' audrey murmured . 
 they were . 
 jenny counted seven of them , four with blond hair and three with blondish-brown . 
 they looked as if they were in their late teens or early twenties , and if what they were doing was secret , they were n't bothering to be quiet about it . 
 jenny could hear laughter and boisterous singing . 
 good grief , it 's like a fraternity party , she thought . 
 even this far away she could smell the beer . 
 `` i think , '' said audrey , `` i 'm beginning to like this game . '' 
 she stepped out before jenny could stop her . 
 the singing fell silent . 
 seven faces turned toward the girls . 
 then one of the german boys lifted a drinking horn over his head , and all the rest cheered . 
 they all seemed surprised but delighted to see the girls . 
 white , even teeth flashed in friendly smiles , and they bundled the visitors over to the warmth of the fire . 
 audrey 's bare legs caused a lot of appreciative comment , as did dee 's spandex leggings . 
 `` no-no , thanks , '' jenny said as one of them tried to get her to drink the stuff in his horn . 
 the horn had angular symbols carved on it that made her nervous somehow-they reminded her of something . 
 `` audrey , what are they saying ? '' 
 `` i ca n't catch it all . 
 it 's not like the german i learned , '' audrey said . 
 seated between two admirers , her cool porcelain beauty contrasted with her flirtatious lashes . 
 `` i think it must be archaic . 
 but that one is saying that you 're like sif . 
 it 's a compliment-sif was a goddess with shining golden hair . '' 
 `` oh , give me a break ! '' 
 dee backed up to sit on a rock . 
 there was an instant stirring among the german boys . 
 several pulled dee away from the rock pile , shaking their heads . 
 dee barely allowed them to move her , not at all placated by the way they marveled over her dark skin . 
 and she only snorted when one offered her a garland of flowers to wear . 
 `` oh , put it on , '' jenny said , flicking a small bug out of her own wreath . 
 she was starting to enjoy this . 
 the young men were nice , even if they did smell a bit like sweat , they were about the most strapping youths she 'd ever seen , but several of them had braids in their hair , and they did n't seem to think weaving garlands was sissy . 
 `` it 's a ceremony to greet the spring , '' audrey said as one of the blonds cried , `` ostara ! '' 
 and poured beer on the ground . 
 `` ostara 's the goddess of spring-that 's where we get ` easter . ' '' 
 the young men began to chant . 
 `` it 's something about life being renewed , '' audrey said . 
 `` there 's something else-something i ca n't quite make out . 
 they 're ... asking ? 
 petitioning ? '' 
 all the german boys were on their feet by now , urging the girls to rise . 
 they were facing the huge pile of boulders . 
 `` dokkalfar , '' they chanted . 
 `` that 's dark-something . 
 i do n't - oh , my god . '' 
 audrey 's voice changed completely . 
 she tried to pull away from the circle , but two of the german boys grabbed her . 
 `` dark elves , '' she said wildly . 
 `` that 's what they 're saying . 
 they came here to ask favors from the elves-and we 're the yielding . '' 
 jenny had never heard audrey 's voice like that before-bordering on hysteria . 
 `` the what ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 suddenly the white , even smiles around her did n't look so friendly . 
 `` the gift to the otherworld . 
 the sacrifice ! '' 
 audrey cried . 
 she was trying to get away again , but it was no good . 
 we 're outnumbered more than two to one , jenny thought . 
 and they 've all got muscles . 
 she looked at dee-and felt shock ripple over her . 
 dee was laughing . 
 snickering , actually . 
 chortling . 
 `` elves ? '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` little pixies in bluebells ? 
 little guys who sit on acorns ? '' 
 `` no , you idiot , '' audrey said through her teeth . 
 `` dark elves-outdwellers . 
 oh , you do n't understand - '' jenny heard rock scraping . 
 one of the huge stones in front of her was moving . 
 it swung out slowly , pushing a ridge of dirt along in front of it . 
 a black , gaping hole was revealed in the pile . 
 a tunnel leading down . 
 dee 's laughter was dying-but it was too late . 
 the girls were pushed forward into the hole . 
 jenny tried to turn , but her capezio flats slithered on dust and grit , and she felt herself falling . 
 mock scraped on rock and the moonlight was cut off above them . 
 audrey was lying in a ball beside jenny near the bottom of the slope . 
 dee had been shoved in backward and was sprawled at the very bottom , legs higher than her head . 
 in those first moments jenny did n't stop to wonder how she could still see either of them . 
 she said , `` are you all right ? '' 
 to dee and then wrapped her arms around audrey comfortingly . 
 audrey was shaking . 
 making little moaning sounds . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i 'm so sorry ____ '' jenny said , hugging her . 
 `` it 's not your fault . '' 
 dee was picking herself up , her fine-boned face contemptuous . 
 `` what 's her problem , anyway ? '' 
 jenny twisted her head to snap at dee , but the words never got out . 
 she could now see the reason they were n't in pitch darkness . 
 there was a semi - circle of lanterns around the bottom of the slope , and holding the lanterns were people . 
 dee had fallen silent . 
 the lantern light reflected off faces that were disturbing to say the least . 
 the elves were very pale , very beautiful ... but very strange . 
 their eyes were slanted in a way that reminded jenny of the visitors ' . 
 their cheekbones were almost too high and sharp . 
 and they stood oddly . 
 they did n't look as if they had any sympathy to appeal to . 
 one of them said something . 
 jenny thought it was the same language that the young men outside had used , but the elf 's voice was more liquid-and more cold . 
 it was obvious that he was ordering the girls up . 
 jenny did n't want to obey . 
 she was irrationally frightened by these pale beautiful people . 
 then she saw that maybe her fear was n't so irrational . 
 they were like animals-or parts of them were . 
 they were deformed . 
 the elf who had spoken had one normal hand and one hand like a cow 's split hoof . 
 it was black and shiny like patent leather . 
 jenny was afraid she was going to be sick . 
 another of them had a tail hanging out of his breeches-a long , pink naked tail like a rat 's . 
 it swished . 
 a third had two little horn-buds swelling on his forehead . 
 a fourth had glossy dark hair growing on his neck . 
 every one of them had some deformity . 
 and they were real . 
 not like the pasted-together monstrosities jenny had seen in the ripley 's believe it or not ! 
 exhibit . 
 `` audrey , you 've got to get up , '' she whispered , swallowing the bile that had risen in her throat . 
 `` audrey , if you do n't i think they 'll make you . '' 
 then , with desperate inspiration : `` do you want them to see you lying here like this ? 
 i bet your mascara 's smeared halfway down your face . '' 
 the appeal to audrey 's pride worked where nothing else might have . 
 she slowly sat up , brushing at her cheeks . 
 `` it 's waterproof , '' she said defiantly . 
 her fingers went automatically to adjust the combs in her french twist , and then she saw the elves . 
 her chestnut eyes widened until they showed white all around . 
 she was staring at the cow 's - hoof hand . 
 jenny gripped her arm tightly . 
 `` are they what you thought they were ? '' 
 audrey pressed her lips together and nodded . 
 the elf spoke again , sharply , stepping forward . 
 audrey cringed back . 
 slowly and carefully jenny urged her to stand . 
 `` audrey , we 've got to go with them , '' she whispered . 
 she was afraid that if audrey balked , the elves were going to touch them . 
 the thought of that-of being touched by that shiny hoof or by the flipper she saw one of the others had-was more than jenny could bear . 
 `` please , audrey , '' she whispered . 
 it was easy for the elves to lead them . 
 all they had to do was close in from one direction , and the girls would move in the other . 
 they walked like that , surrounded by a circle of lanterns , down a passage that sloped on and on . 
 other passages branched away . 
 clearly the place was big-and they were going deeper and deeper into it . 
 walking calmed jenny a little . 
 the rocks around them took every imaginable shape-some like twisting antlers , others like windblown grass . 
 there were lacy falls of angel hair , and huge columns covered with formations like exquisite flowers or the gills of mushrooms . 
 the air smelled like rain-damp earth . 
 it was surprisingly warm . 
 jenny tightened her supporting grip on audrey 's arm . 
 `` say something to them , '' she suggested . 
 `` ask them where we 're going . '' 
 in her own way audrey was as brave as dee . 
 her spiky eyelashes were starred together from crying , and she did n't look at the elf beside her . 
 but she spoke to him in level tones . 
 `` he says they 're taking us to the erlking , '' she said after a moment . 
 now jenny could hear taut , shaking control in her voice . 
 `` that means-elf king , i think . 
 i remember the story about the erlking now . 
 he 's a kind of evil spirit who haunts the black forest . 
 he 's supposed to-take people . 
 especially young girls and children . '' 
 dee pounced . 
 `` why girls ? '' 
 audrey spoke between clenched teeth . 
 `` you guess . 
 but all the dark elves are that way . 
 well , look at them . 
 they 're all men . 
 it 's a male race . '' 
 with a shock , jenny realized that it was true . 
 the delicacy of their features had fooled her . 
 every one of their captors was beautiful-and male . 
 dee 's grin was bloodthirsty . 
 `` time to fight . '' 
 `` no , '' jenny said tensely . 
 her heart was pounding , but she tried to quiet it . 
 `` there are too many of them ; we would n't have a chance . 
 and anyway , we 're supposed to face our nightmares , remember ? 
 if the erlking is what audrey 's most afraid of , he must be what we have to face . '' 
 `` it 's a stupid nightmare anyway , '' dee hissed , her supple shoulders hunching as if an ice cube were going down her back . 
 `` believe me , '' audrey said bitingly , `` i wish you were n't in it with me . '' 
 the two girls ignored each other as they walked on through subterranean caverns of cathedral spaciousness . 
 glittering white gypsum crystals powdered everything , catching the lantern light . 
 coarse rock dust crunched underneath jenny 's feet . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' audrey whispered . 
 `` this ca n't have come out of my mind . 
 i 've never seen anything like it . '' 
 `` i have , '' dee said , and even her voice was subdued . 
 `` spelunking in new mexico . 
 but it was n't so-much . '' 
 at last they reached the biggest cavern of all . 
 they passed giant red pillars like coral reefs which gave jenny the disconcerting feeling of being underwater . 
 they were heading straight for an enormous wall of flame-colored rock . 
 it was n't flat . 
 it went rippling up and up like an inverted niagara falls . 
 at floor level there was an irregularly shaped gap in the wall-like an entrance . 
 `` the castle , '' audrey translated quietly . 
 they passed through the gap in the red walls . 
 inside , the elves moved to separate the girls into two groups . 
 it happened so fast that jenny did n't have time to react . 
 all in an instant she was being herded away , and when she twisted her head frantically she saw dee and audrey being borne in the opposite direction . 
 she saw audrey 's copper head bobbing and heard dee 's voice raised in fury . 
 then dee 's voice faded , and jenny was led through a gap into a large room . 
 one of her captors said something ending with `` erlkodnig , '' and they all walked out . 
 when jenny looked through the gap , she found they were standing sentry on either side . 
 now what ? 
 she looked around . 
 the rock formations here were like huge sand castles , half melted by water , in white and gold . 
 jenny realized she was seeing by moonlight and looked up . 
 the ceiling had openings in it like skylights or chimneys in the rock . 
 she studied them for a while . 
 finally there was nothing to do but wait-and worry . 
 what was happening to tom right now ? 
 she wondered . 
 think about the riddle , she told herself firmly . 
 it 'll pass the time , and it might be useful . 
 i am just two and two . 
 i am hot . 
 i am cold . 
 i 'm the parent of numbers that can not be told . 
 i 'm a gift beyond measure , a matter of course , and i 'm yielded with pleasure-when taken by force . 
 suddenly she had it . 
 yes ! 
 something that could be hot and passionate or cold and impersonal . 
 something that could be the `` parent '' of untold numbers of people-because there was no counting how many babies had gotten started with it . 
 something that was just two and two-two lips touching two lips . 
 a kiss . 
 jenny smiled in triumph . 
 she 'd solved the riddle . 
 she could get one of the others free . 
 there was no question , of course , about who it would be . 
 much as she loved her friends , tom would always come first . 
 the only problem with having solved the riddle was that she now had nothing to think about-except whatever was going to happen to her . 
 the elf who 'd left had said `` erlkodnig . '' 
 the erlking ? 
 was that who she was waiting for ? 
 what kind of deformity would the erlking have ? 
 she wondered . 
 hooves ? 
 horns ? 
 if he 's king , he probably has something worse than all the others , she thought , and her heart chilled . 
 someone came through the gap in the stone , and jenny braced herself . 
 the next minute she realized how dense she 'd been . 
 he was wearing a white tunic and breeches and soft white boots . 
 they showed off how lithe and smoothly muscled he was . 
 in the moonlight his hair was silver as a mirror , and he was smiling . 
 `` julian . '' 
 `` welcome , '' he said , `` to the erlking 's castle . '' 
 the last time they had spoken , jenny had been furious with him . 
 it was hard to keep that in mind now . 
 the white leather was so soft looking , and it clung to him , hip and thigh . 
 and there was something about a guy who looked at you with eyes like a starving tiger 's . 
 all at once jenny felt disconcerted . 
 tom always looked so good in ordinary clothes-but he was very conservative , never would dress up even at halloween . 
 julian , by contrast , obviously got off on outrageous . 
 his broad leather belt showed how flat his stomach was , emphasized his narrow hips . 
 it was modestly encrusted with sapphires . 
 jenny wished she had one like it . 
 `` the erlking , huh ? 
 enjoying the part ? '' 
 `` immensely , '' julian assured her gravely . 
 `` at least you 're talking to me in this nightmare . 
 not like the ufo one , i mean . '' 
 `` jenny . 
 i will happily talk to you all night . '' 
 `` thank you , but there 's a time limit , and i 'd rather have my friends back . '' 
 `` say the word . '' 
 jenny looked at him , startled , and then realized what word he meant . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll do it the hard way . 
 we 're going to get through all the nightmares , you know . 
 we 're going to win the game . '' 
 `` i admire your confidence . '' 
 `` you can admire my success-starting now . 
 i 've solved your riddle , and you 're a male chauvinist pig . 
 it is not given with pleasure when taken by force . '' 
 `` what is n't ? '' 
 `` a kiss . '' 
 she turned to face him fully . 
 `` that 's the answer , is n't it ? 
 and you told me if i solved the riddle , you 'd let one of my friends go . '' 
 `` wrong . '' 
 he waited for her reaction , eyes glinting in a wicked smile . 
 `` i told you if you gave me the answer , i 'd let one of your friends go . 
 but you have n't given it to me yet . '' 
 his eyes lingered on her lips . 
 `` would you like to now ? '' 
 fury sparked in jenny . 
 `` you - ! '' 
 she turned away so he would n't have the satisfaction of seeing her angry . 
 `` i 've upset you . 
 you 're offended , '' he said . 
 he sounded genuinely penitent . 
 jenny could n't keep up with these mercurial changes of mood . 
 `` here , i 'll give you something to make it up to you . '' 
 reluctantly jenny turned again . 
 he was holding a rose-a white rose . 
 or maybe it was silver-in this light it was hard to tell . 
 it was the most beautiful thing she 'd ever seen . 
 as she took it , jenny realized it was n't real but was exquisitely wrought , perfect down to the tiniest detail . 
 half opened , the blossom shimmered in her hands . 
 the petals were cool but soft . 
 `` made from silver dug out by black elves in the deepest mines of the earth , '' julian said . 
 jenny shook her head at him . 
 `` that 's all folklore . 
 are you saying you 're really the erlking ? 
 do you want me to believe in hansel and gretel , too ? '' 
 `` i 've been more things than you can imagine . 
 and what i want you to believe is that children can go into dark places and disappear . 
 after which people might tell stories to explain it-sometimes true stories , sometimes not . '' 
 jenny felt disconcerted again . 
 `` anyway-it 's a beautiful rose , '' she said and stroked it against her cheek . 
 julian 's eyes gleamed . 
 `` let 's go walking in the courtyard , '' he said . 
 `` you can really see the moonlight there . '' 
 the courtyard had a number of natural chimneys , and moonlight flooded down . 
 jenny felt almost awestruck at the beauty of the landscape . 
 the moonlight threw a sort of magic sheen over everything , and the cavern was weirdly beautiful with its dark shadows and bright patches of silver . 
 julian looked the same . 
 every shadow on his face was dead black , and there were silver points in his eyes . 
 `` have you ever wondered why you can go into dangerous places without getting hurt ? '' 
 he said abruptly . 
 `` why the stray animals you pick up never bite you , why you do n't get mugged-or worse-when you wander around bad parts of town at night ? '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 people were always yelling at jenny for exactly the things he was talking about . 
 she herself had never given it much thought , but now a wild suspicion was rising in her mind . 
 `` no , '' she said . 
 `` no , i have n't . '' 
 his eyes remained on hers . 
 `` i 've been looking after you , jenny . 
 watching over you . 
 no one can touch you ... no one but me . '' 
 `` that 's impossible . '' 
 it came out in a whisper . 
 `` you ... i 've done those things all my life ... '' her sentences were coming untangled . 
 `` and i could n't have been watching you that long ? 
 but i have . 
 i 've always loved you , jenny . '' 
 the power of his gaze was frightening . 
 jenny was confused by her own emotions . 
 she knew she should feel only hatred , only anger toward him , but by now she had to admit that part of her was fascinated by him . 
 he was a prince of darkness - - who had chosen her . 
 she turned and walked away from him , trying to gather herself . 
 `` l nave never been in love before , julian said . 
 `` you 're my first-and you 'll be my only . '' 
 there was music in his voice , and the words settled like filigreed snowflakes around her , wrapping her in otherworldliness . 
 jenny turned around and he touched her . 
 his touch was as tenuous as gauze on her cheek . 
 jenny was so surprised she did n't move . 
 then she looked down stupidly . 
 he had taken her hand . 
 but i thought you could n't ... his fingertips were as cool as jade against her skin . 
 tingles followed in their wake . 
 she had an urge to press her cheek to his open hand . 
 do n't , she thought . 
 do n't , do n't , do n't ... `` do n't , '' she whispered . 
 he went on stroking her hand , thumb gently circling in her palm . 
 a sensuous and dangerous feeling . 
 jenny felt herself start to come undone . 
 his touch was so delicate-he 'd disengaged her hand so gently from the rose . 
 ... from the rose , jenny thought . 
 his gift . 
 she 'd held it in her hand . 
 she 'd stroked it against her right cheek-the cheek he was touching now . 
 she stepped back . 
 `` you ... tricked me . '' 
 he still held her hand . 
 `` does it matter ? '' 
 `` yes , it matters , '' jenny said furiously , trying to pull out of his grasp . 
 how could she have been so stupid ? 
 it was a game he was playing with her , to get permission to touch more and more of her . 
 `` i understand now-i 'll never touch you or anything you give me . 
 that trick wo n't work again . '' 
 his lips were smiling , but there was something hot and deadly serious in his eyes . 
 `` maybe not-but another one will . 
 believe me , jenny : i 'm going to make you mine-entirely-before you finish the game . '' 
 jenny wished she could think of something more mature to say than , `` in your dreams ! '' 
 `` no-in yours , '' he said . 
 `` and remember , you 're not alone here . '' 
 jenny heard a scream . 
 `` that 's audrey , '' she said . 
 `` that 's audrey ! 
 something 's happening to her ! '' 
 when he would n't release her hand , she jerked it out of his . 
 then she saw his eyes-and what she saw there froze her . 
 `` you know , '' she whispered . 
 `` you 're doing it-to get back at me . '' 
 `` i warned you , '' he said . 
 the screaming was still going on . 
 `` do you want it to stop ? '' 
 evil , she thought . 
 absolute evil . 
 cruel , capricious , and dangerous as a cobra . 
 i wo n't forget that again . 
 `` i 'll stop it myself , '' she said , her voice soft but fierce . 
 `` i told you i was going to win this game . 
 and i am . 
 and i will never give in to you . '' 
 she threw the silver rose at his feet . 
 then she was running for the sound of audrey 's screams . 
 elves rushed at her as she plunged out of the sandcastle room , but she veered sharply and got by them . 
 audrey 's screams were getting clearer and clearer . 
 jenny saw a gap in the nearest red wall and ducked into it , and suddenly the screams echoed all around her . 
 she saw audrey sitting and dee standing in front of her . 
 she stumbled the last few feet to collapse beside them . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 audrey was half sitting , half lying against the gypsum-encrusted wall of a small cavern . 
 her features were contorted with horror-and when jenny turned she saw why . 
 she would have thought that after all she 'd been through , she would be inured to weird creatures . 
 but these things-these things were - `` oh , god , audrey , what are they ? '' 
 she choked out . 
 audrey 's fingernails bit into jenny 's arm . 
 `` they 're draugar . 
 living corpses . 
 they 've come for us . 
 i - '' she turned away , retching . 
 they smelted like corpses-the sickly-sweet odor of decay . 
 some of them had bloated bodies . 
 some had leathery skin , fallen in and wrinkled . 
 some , to jenny 's horror , had skin that was sloughing off . 
 one had thick fingernails turned brown by time and grown into long , dangling spirals . 
 the nails clattered together , making a sound that raised gooseflesh all over jenny 's body . 
 they were completely blocking the exit . 
 jenny did n't know how she 'd gotten around them to reach audrey , but there was no getting out again . 
 they were closing in from all sides . 
 `` when i tell you , run for the door ! '' 
 dee said . 
 `` what door ? '' 
 dee pointed and jenny turned . 
 beyond the nearest draugr on the right was a wall-and there was a door in it . 
 a gothic door with an arched top , painted blue . 
 `` okay ? '' 
 dee shouted . 
 `` get ready for it ! '' 
 she had been standing with her left leg back , knee bent , all her weight on it . 
 her right leg was so bent that only the toe touched the floor . 
 it made her look like a ballerina , but it was called the cat stance-dee was always trying to teach jenny kung fu stances . 
 suddenly she kicked , her right foot snapping up flat to strike the draugr under the jaw with her heel . 
 with a dry crack the draugr 's head fell backward - all the way backward . 
 its neck was snapped . 
 the terrible thing was that it kept walking . 
 head resting on its own shoulder blades , blundering the wrong way , it kept walking . 
 jenny let go and screamed . 
 `` get up ! '' 
 dee shouted to them . 
 `` now , while i 've got them distracted . 
 get out of here ! '' 
 audrey remained frozen . 
 `` we ca n't leave you - '' `` do n't worry about me ! 
 just go ! 
 jenny , take her ! '' 
 jenny obeyed the tone of command instinctively . 
 she hauled audrey up by her houndstooth jacket and pulled her to the door . 
 she wrenched it open , and they both fell through . 
 it slammed behind them before jenny could stop it . 
 she and audrey looked at each other in dismay . 
 and then they waited . 
 they waited until a sick feeling in jenny 's stomach told her dee was n't going to come . 
 audrey was crying . 
 jenny tried the door handle . 
 it would n't budge . 
 `` it 's my fault , '' audrey whispered . 
 one of you probably wo n't make it ... the door flew open . 
 dee charged through , slammed it behind her , leaned on it . 
 she expelled a great gust of air . 
 `` that was close , '' she said . 
 `` but i 've been dying for a fight , and it was a good one . '' 
 she was glowing with exertion and the joy of battle . 
 she looked at audrey . 
 `` well , are n't you a mess , '' she said . 
 audrey 's glossy auburn hair was hanging around her face ; her spiky bangs were plastered damply to her forehead . 
 her cheeks were flushed and wet , her hands and legs scratched and scraped . 
 her cherry lipstick was gone . 
 face inscrutable , audrey held out one hand and slowly unclenched the fingers . 
 on her palm were the combs from her french twist . 
 `` at least i still have these , '' she said calmly . 
 all three of them burst into hysterical laughter . 
 they laughed and laughed in a violent release of emotion . 
 `` i guess that counts as winning : getting out of your nightmare alive with your combs intact , '' dee gasped finally . 
 audrey raised her eyebrows , and then her lips curled again in a smile . 
 she and dee were smiling at each other . 
 an unseen clock struck twelve . 
 `` midnight , '' jenny said . 
 it came out softly , almost a whisper . 
 every time they won , that clock chimed to remind them that time was passing-passing fast . 
 where was it , anyway ? 
 the sound seemed to pervade the entire house . 
 `` six hours until dawn , '' dee was saying to audrey . 
 `` and only five nightmares to go . 
 we 're fine . 
 we 'll make it , easy . '' 
 `` easy ? 
 i do n't think so , '' audrey said . 
 `` look , '' jenny said quietly , bending to pick up a scrap of paper . 
 it was an abstract rendition of a forest , very heavy on green swirling lines . 
 `` all right , so i did draw a forest , '' audrey said . 
 `` i 've always had nightmares about them , but i never knew why . 
 i did n't even know what forest i was scared of . '' 
 `` he picks up on our subconscious , '' said dee . 
 `` so what happened to you two after we got separated ? '' 
 jenny asked . 
 `` not much , '' dee said . 
 `` they put us in that room , only there was n't any door at first . 
 then we saw the door-and at that exact instant those corpses appeared and audrey started screaming . 
 what about you ? 
 did you see the erlking ? '' 
 jenny looked away . 
 `` sort of . 
 it was julian , playing the part . '' 
 she hesitated , then blurted , `` you do know that it 's because of me you 're suffering , do n't you ? 
 it 's me he wants . 
 he told me that he 'd stop hurting you if i-if i let him - '' `` do n't you dare , '' dee said , sloe eyes flashing . 
 `` do n't even think about it , '' said audrey with equal heat . 
 jenny nodded , feeling warmth in her eyes . 
 to cover it up she watched audrey . 
 while they were talking , audrey had efficiently put her hair back up , fished a quilted pouch out of her jacket pocket , and deftly restored her cherry lipstick . 
 audrey had always seemed so cosmopolitan , so invulnerable-but now jenny had seen beneath the facade . 
 `` it must have been hard , living in all those different countries , '' she said slowly and glanced over at dee . 
 audrey paused a moment in the midst of fluffing her bangs . 
 she snapped her compact shut with a click . 
 `` frankly , it was awful , '' she said . 
 `` you ca n't imagine the culture shock . 
 the dislocation-the insecurity-and you never know when you 're going to move again . 
 even now that daddy 's retired i still feel - '' `` like it 's hard to make real friends ? '' 
 audrey nodded . 
 `` i feel as if we might be picking up and going again any minute . '' 
 `` you 're not , though , '' jenny said . 
 `` you 're staying here with us . '' 
 she glanced at dee again . 
 `` right ? '' 
 `` oh , naturally , '' dee said , but there was no rancor in her voice , and she laid a slender dark hand on audrey 's back . 
 `` you know , i do n't understand , '' jenny said suddenly . 
 `` those guys in the forest seemed nice-so why did they do it ? 
 why did they hand us over ? '' 
 `` well-elves are supposed to do people favors . 
 answer questions , do work for you . 
 but they always want something in return , and if you call them up and try to trap them , they sometimes trap you . 
 take you to their world . 
 i guess those guys figured we were more expendable than they were . '' 
 jenny nodded . 
 `` one more thing - '' `` always one more thing ! '' 
 said dee . '' 
 - which of you did the door ? 
 i know i did n't put it there because i 've never seen a door like that . '' 
 `` i did , i suppose , '' said audrey . 
 `` i saw doors like that in germany-but i did n't put it there . 
 it just appeared . '' 
 `` you ca n't change things here by using your mind , '' dee said . 
 `` you have to deal with everything here as if it 's real . '' 
 `` but where is here ? '' 
 audrey said bleakly . 
 `` good question , '' said jenny . 
 `` it 's nowhere on earth ; i know that from what i saw out the window . '' 
 `` the shadow world , '' dee said . 
 `` remember the instructions ? 
 a world that 's like ours but different , that exists alongside ours , but never touches it . '' '' 
 ` some people call it the world of dreams , but it is as real as anything else ... ' '' jenny quoted . 
 `` well , it touched our world tonight , anyway . 
 what 's wrong now , audrey ? '' 
 `` it just occurred to me . 
 you know , in norse and german legends there are supposed to be nine worlds-our world 's just the one in the middle . '' 
 `` nine ? '' 
 said jenny . 
 `` nine . 
 there 's asgard , which is a sort of heaven , and hel , which is a sort of hell , and a world of primal fire and a world of primal water and a world of primal wind-but , listen . 
 there 's also a world of primal ice . 
 it 's sort of connected to hel-and it 's also a world of shadows . 
 it 's called niflheim , and nifl means ` dark , shadowy . ' '' 
 `` just what are you getting at ? '' 
 dee asked . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 it 's just strange , nicht wahr ? 
 god , i 'm starting to think in german . 
 but it is strange , is n't it-with him calling himself the shadow man ? 
 and i just remembered something else . 
 the things that live in niflheim are supposed to be terribly destructive , so they 're under a rune of restraint to keep them from getting out of their world and into other peoples ' . 
 i do n't remember which rune , though . '' 
 `` you 're not saying runes are real , '' jenny said . 
 `` i mean , like the one julian talked about-the one that ` pierced the veil between the worlds . ' 
 they ca n't really work . '' 
 `` i always assumed they did n't , that it was just a silly superstition . 
 but now ... i do n't know . 
 they work in legends all right , to let you-oh , what do they call it ? 
 fare forth between the worlds . 
 or summon up things from the other ones . 
 the way those german boys summoned the elves . '' 
 the talk was making jenny very uncomfortable . 
 she did n't know why , and that made her even more uncomfortable . 
 something to do with runes , a long time ago . 
 after all she had seen , why should it upset her that runes might be real ? 
 that day in her grandfather 's basement ... `` look , '' she said abruptly , `` we 've been standing here gabbing forever . 
 do n't you think we 'd better start looking for the next person ? 
 there is a time limit , you know . '' 
 `` right , '' dee said , always ready for action . 
 `` do you want to split up again ? '' 
 `` no , '' jenny said quickly . 
 `` let 's stick together . '' 
 by whatever weird laws operated in this place , she 'd already yielded julian the right to touch her hand , her cheek , her hair . 
 and he 'd made it plain that he would n't be satisfied until he got all of her , bit by bit . 
 it was just a question of what kind of ruse or threat he planned to try next . 
 jenny figured her best chance was not to be caught alone . 
 they found michael on the third sweep down the hall . 
 he was wandering back and forth in front of a door , running his hands through his rumpled dark hair and muttering . 
 he brightened considerably at the sight of the girls . 
 `` audrey , at last ! 
 it seems like years ! '' 
 `` oh , i 've been counting the seconds we 've been apart , '' audrey said , raising an eyebrow and dimpling at the same time . 
 `` me , too . 
 i only wish i had a calculator to keep track . '' 
 and neither of them meant a word of it . 
 lucky for them , thought jenny . 
 love for tom was like an aching bruise in her chest . 
 if only she could see him , just for a moment ... they explained to michael everything that had happened to them . 
 he told them that for him the parlor had simply disappeared while tom was cowering from the invisible creatures . 
 then he 'd found himself in front of this door . 
 he 'd tried the knob , but it would n't open . 
 he 'd been pacing the hallway ever since . 
 `` and you never saw a staircase ? '' 
 jenny asked . 
 `` no staircase , no other doors , no nothing . 
 no people , until you came . '' 
 `` and yet we 've been walking this hallway for hours , and we 've seen three doors , and i came up a staircase , '' jenny said . 
 `` it 's just one more weird thing about this place . '' 
 `` which we do n't have time to discuss , '' dee said . 
 `` let 's move , people . 
 who wants to try this door ? '' 
 `` this time let 's try to keep it open after we go in , '' jenny said . 
 `` that is , if we do n't need to slam it shut fast . '' 
 `` we ca n't go in at all-it 's locked , '' michael said . 
 dee flashed him a grin as she took up a heel stance , ready to do a forward kick . 
 `` bets ? '' 
 the door opened easily when jenny twisted the knob , and no monsters jumped out . 
 dee caught it as it swung and held it against the wall . 
 through the opening jenny could see dimness . 
 `` uh , you first . 
 i 'm a registered coward , '' michael said . 
 jenny took a deep breath , squared her shoulders , and stepped over the threshold -- into a hallway identical to the one she had left . 
 she looked up and down it in bewilderment . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 this door wants to close , '' dee called . 
 `` it 's - '' jenny gave up and beckoned audrey and michael in . 
 `` it 's the same place , '' audrey said , looking around . 
 this hallway was the mirror image of the other . 
 same gloomy carpet , same creepy wallpaper , same candles in brass holders . 
 michael went back through to dee 's side . 
 `` look-the candles even have the exact same drops of wax running down . 
 it really is the same hallway , not just another one like it . '' 
 no matter how many times they went back and forth over the threshold , they kept getting the hallway . 
 `` for some reason it 's not letting us into your nightmare , '' jenny said . 
 `` we just keep getting bounced back here . '' 
 `` oh , too bad , '' said michael . 
 `` i 'm really going to miss facing it . '' 
 `` all right , let me see this . '' 
 dee finally went through , the door swinging shut behind her . 
 `` yep , same place , '' she said , looking around . 
 `` like a revolving door to hell . '' 
 `` was n't it sartre who said hell was eternity spent in a room with your friends ? '' 
 michael asked grandly . 
 `` oh , quit showing off your a in world literature , '' said jenny . 
 `` unless-was that your nightmare , mike ? '' 
 michael deflated a bit . 
 `` uh , actually , no . 
 mine was more of a kid thing , really . '' 
 `` but what was it ? '' 
 michael seemed to be blushing . 
 scratching under the collar of his gray sweatshirt , he shook his head . '' 
 ` each of you has a secret you would rather die than reveal ... ' '' dee quoted portentously from the game card . 
 `` i 'll bet it was something really embarrassing , like the potty monster , huh , mikey ? '' 
 as she spoke she turned the doorknob . 
 it would n't budge . 
 `` oh , great , it 's locked again . '' 
 `` if we 're stuck here again , we might as well sit down , '' audrey said . 
 there did n't seem to be anything else to do . 
 they sat , and michael talked . 
 one thing you could always count on , jenny thought-that michael would n't run out of things to talk about . 
 `` when i think , '' said michael , `` that i could have stayed home and watched ` ren and stimpy ' tonight ... '' `` this is n't much of a game . 
 no reset . 
 it 's win , lose , or die , '' michael said . 
 `` you heard the one about the bunny and the hair dryer ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` michael , '' audrey said scathingly . 
 while he was talking , michael had taken off one of his battered tennis shoes . 
 it had a hole in the toe . 
 audrey stared in genteel horror at his limp sock on the floor . 
 `` i ca n't help it-i 've got an itch . 
 ah ... that 's better , '' michael said , scratching vigorously . 
 `` so what 'd you say to-that guy-after we all got whooshed out of the parlor ? '' 
 he said to jenny . 
 `` i mean - '' he fumbled for words as all three girls looked at him . 
 `` i mean-it was pretty obvious what he wanted-and you said he kept you there alone - '' `` whatever he wants , '' jenny said shortly , `` he 's not getting it . '' 
 `` of course not , '' audrey huffed . 
 `` what an idea . '' 
 `` she would n't give him the time of day , '' dee said curtly . 
 `` i do n't even know what he sees in me , '' jenny said . 
 the others all looked at each other . 
 then dee snorted . 
 `` no , you would n't , would you ? 
 but everybody else does . 
 except zach , probably , but then he 's your cousin . '' 
 `` it 's not just looks , '' audrey said . 
 `` you 're good . 
 too good , sometimes . 
 i 've told you - '' `` aba would say your soul is straight , '' dee interrupted . 
 `` just like a girl scout , '' michael said helpfully . 
 `` sweet and simple and honest . '' 
 `` but he 's bad , '' jenny said . 
 `` that 's the point , '' dee said . 
 `` badness always wants goodness . '' 
 `` and opposites attract , '' audrey said grimly . 
 `` look at michael and me . '' 
 michael said hastily , `` so who do you think he is , anyway ? '' 
 `` i think he 's a visitor , '' dee said , to jenny 's surprise . 
 `` you know , an alien that abducts people . '' 
 michael stared , scratching his chin . 
 audrey frowned . 
 `` do n't be ridiculous , '' she said . 
 `` he 's no alien-just look at him . 
 and where 's his spaceship ? '' 
 `` i think he can look like whatever he wants to , '' dee said , scratching her arm . 
 `` and maybe they do n't really need spaceships . 
 he 's taken us to another planet , has n't he ? '' 
 `` another world , maybe . 
 there 's a difference , '' audrey shot back . 
 `` and according to him he did it with a rune . 
 which makes him - '' `` what ? 
 the erlking ? 
 i do n't think so , dear . 
 you 're just saying that because it 's what you 're most afraid of . '' 
 `` and visitors are what you 're most afraid of , dear , '' audrey said , working her perfect nails over her palm . 
 it was turning into a vintage dee-audrey feud . 
 `` girls , girls , '' michael said . 
 `` personally , i think he 's a demon . 
 jenny 's demon lover . '' 
 he smiled ingenuously , digging under his collar again . 
 dee and audrey both glared . 
 jenny just felt a chill deep inside . 
 `` look , i believe in demons , '' michael said . 
 `` why should n't they exist ? 
 and if they do exist , that guy has got ta be one . '' 
 throughout this conversation jenny had gradually become aware of a discomfort . 
 the skin on her arm was tingling-no , itching . 
 she scratched at it absently , but the itching got worse . 
 and worse . 
 she looked down . 
 even in the dim light she could see the mark on her arm . 
 a dark spot , like a strawberry birthmark . 
 but she did n't have any birthmarks . 
 and this spot was n't strawberry-colored ... . 
 it was green . 
 at the same moment michael , who 'd thrust one hand inside his sleeve to scratch his arm , made a strange sound . 
 his eyes bulged , his expression changed . 
 he shoved the sweatshirt sleeve up . 
 jenny gasped . 
 there was something growing on his arm . 
 a plant . 
 there were leaves , fresh and green and young , looking like newly sprouted mint , growing from his flesh . 
 the next instant they were all on their feet , looking at themselves in the candlelight . 
 each of them was growing patches of green . 
 jenny 's were like moss , audrey 's like mold . 
 jenny gulped . 
 like dee and audrey , she was horrified . 
 but michael went hysterical . 
 `` get it off me ! 
 get it off . '' 
 he thrust his arm out blindly at jenny . 
 even gritting her teeth , she could n't bring herself to touch the sprigs . 
 dee took hold of one and pulled . 
 `` ow ! '' 
 michael yelled . 
 dee stopped . 
 `` no , go on ! 
 i do n't care how much it hurts . 
 pull it out ! '' 
 dee pulled harder . 
 the plant hung on . 
 jenny could just glimpse a network of thin roots like white threads connecting it to his arm . 
 blood began to ooze out of several pores as dee kept pulling . 
 michael was screaming . 
 finally dee swallowed , her nostrils flared . 
 `` mike , i ca n't keep pulling . 
 i ca n't . 
 it 's taking your skin with it . '' 
 `` i do n't care ! 
 i do n't care ! '' 
 michael still would n't open his eyes . 
 he grabbed at the plants himself with his other hand . 
 jenny pressed a hand to her mouth to stop from gasping . 
 sprigs were growing on his other hand , too . 
 growing even more luxuriantly than on the first . 
 `` mike , it 's ... it 's all over you , '' she whispered . 
 michael 's eyes flew open , and he looked at his hands . 
 `` oh , god . 
 oh , godgodgod ... '' in one frenzied motion he yanked his sweatshirt over his head , pulling his arms out . 
 his chest and stomach were thickly covered with new leaves . 
 they stirred with his breath , brushing one another lightly . 
 michael 's screams rang from the ceiling . 
 `` chill out ! '' 
 dee finally got him in a choke hold , preventing him from running raving down the hall . 
 his eyes were wild and set , and he was breathing like a lathered horse . 
 `` we 've got to do something for him , '' jenny said . 
 she could hardly bear the moss on her forearm , but she had to forget about that . 
 michael was so much worse off . 
 `` yeah-but what ? '' 
 dee was trying to keep michael under control . 
 he seemed about to go into convulsions , clawing at himself . 
 audrey stepped forward . 
 jenny guessed that she was actually more upset by the growths than anyone but michael-appearance meant a lot to audrey . 
 but audrey had herself in iron control . 
 `` michael allen cohen , look at me ! '' 
 she rapped out . 
 he turned wild dark eyes on her . 
 `` you calm down now . 
 understand ? 
 verstehen sie ? '' 
 a glimmer of sanity showed in michael 's eyes . 
 `` right now , '' audrey said severely , and putting her palms on either side of his face , she kissed him . 
 when she backed up , michael had cherry lipstick all over his mouth . 
 he looked a lot calmer . 
 `` i live to obey , '' he said weakly . 
 `` you live to kibitz , '' said audrey . 
 `` we 've all got to stay calm , '' jenny said . 
 `` we 've got to think . 
 how can we get rid of these things ? 
 we ca n't pull them out . 
 so what else can we do ? '' 
 `` weed-killer , '' dee muttered . 
 there was some exotic red-and-green-leafed plant growing on her , almost harmonizing with her dark skin . 
 `` we do n't have anything here to work with , '' audrey said . 
 `` never mind anything deadly to plants . '' 
 michael spoke up in a whisper-but a whisper with a new note in it . 
 `` we 've got fire . '' 
 jenny looked up at the candle in its brass holder . 
 `` you can let go of me , now , '' michael told dee . 
 `` i wo n't go anywhere . 
 i want to see if that candle will come out . '' 
 dee released him . 
 he tried to take a step , then stopped . 
 he squatted down to stare , his head almost at floor level . 
 jenny bent , too . 
 his bare foot was rooted to the floor by a mat of white tendrils . 
 they were growing out of his sole and into the black carpet . 
 he could barely raise his foot an inch , and only by turning it sideways could he see the roots . 
 as jenny slowly looked up , she expected him to go frantic again . 
 but audrey reached out and firmly took his hand , her fingers crushing the leaves on the back . 
 michael was shaking , but he stayed rational . 
 `` get the candle , '' he said thickly . 
 dee lifted it out easily . 
 `` i 'm going to try it on myself first , '' she said . 
 `` no . 
 me . '' 
 dee slanted a sloe-eyed look at him , then nodded . 
 she tilted the candle to apply the flame to a leaf on his arm . 
 the leaf seemed to melt slightly in a crescent where the flame touched it . 
 there was a bad smell as the edge blackened . 
 nothing else happened . 
 `` try the roots . '' 
 dee tried lower , very close to michael 's skin . 
 michael flinched away from the heat , but audrey held him steady . 
 the plant started to shrivel . 
 `` that 's it ! '' 
 `` can you stand it ? '' 
 dee asked . 
 `` i can stand anything to get these off . 
 with the right kind of incentive , of course . '' 
 he looked hopefully at audrey , who was still holding him and murmuring encouragement . 
 jenny smiled to herself . 
 to be inane and lecherous when you 're scared to death required a special kind of bravery . 
 dee burned more roots . 
 the plants began to drop off more and more quickly , shriveling at the first touch of the flame . 
 michael was almost sobbing in relief . 
 his arms and torso were clear . 
 `` anything-ah , lower ? '' 
 dee gestured with the candle at michael 's sweatpants . 
 `` no ! 
 and watch where you 're waving that thing . 
 i plan to be a family man . '' 
 `` look , '' jenny said softly . 
 the patch of moss on her skin was getting smaller and smaller . 
 in a moment it had faded altogether . 
 the same was happening to dee and audrey . 
 michael 's feet came free of the floor . 
 and then they were all laughing , admiring their clear , perfect skin , touching it , holding it up to the others . 
 just exactly like the scene at the end of ben hur , jenny thought , where the two women are miraculously cured of leprosy . 
 michael put his sweatshirt back on and kissed audrey once more . 
 `` you had some mold on your lips before , '' he said . 
 `` i did n't like to mention it . '' 
 `` no , you did n't , aud , '' dee muttered in audrey 's ear . 
 audrey looked helplessly at mike , but with some indulgence . 
 `` so this was your nightmare , and we got through it , '' jenny said . 
 `` this hallway is your nightmare room . 
 which means that if we go back through that door ... '' the door opened under dee 's hand . 
 they walked through into the hallway , apparently the same hallway they had just left . 
 but with two differences , jenny noticed . 
 in this hallway there was no candle missing from the bracket . 
 and there was a scrap of white paper on the floor . 
 a picture of a huge green plant , something on the order of a rubber plant , with arms and legs sticking out . 
 no head . 
 `` ugh , '' jenny said . 
 `` my nightmare , '' michael said , still looking embarrassed . 
 `` turning into a plant . 
 it 's so stupid-i think it came from this book i read when i was in third grade . 
 it had a story about a kid who was so dirty that things started to grow on her-little radishes and veggies . 
 and it just freaked me out . 
 i mean , it was this harmless story , but for some reason i just flipped . 
 i kept thinking about that kid , all crusted with dirt , with green stuff sprouting from her-it made me sick . '' 
 `` you 're making me sick , '' audrey said . 
 `` and then the parents pulled them-the veggies - they pulled them off her - '' `` stop it , '' dee commanded . 
 `` like i said , it was stupid , a kid 's thing . '' 
 `` i do n't think it was stupid , i think it was horrible . 
 and i think you were smart and brave , the way you dealt with it , '' jenny said . 
 michael 's soulful eyes widened at the unprecedented compliments , and he gave her a rumpled grin . 
 the unseen clock struck one . 
 there was something eerie about the way it echoed . 
 morning is coming , jenny thought . 
 `` we 'd better get moving , '' dee said , just as michael made a stifled sound . 
 `` what 's wrong - '' audrey began , but then she saw it , too , in the darkness of the hall where nothing had been before . 
 a staircase . 
 excitement bubbled up in jenny . 
 `` finally we can go somewhere . '' 
 `` and get out of this freaking hallway , '' dee said . 
 michael was looking awed . 
 `` it 's just like going up to the next level of a video game . '' 
 but audrey pursed her lips . 
 when jenny asked why , audrey gave her a sideways glance under spiky dark lashes . 
 `` one thing about video games-the farther you go , the harder they get , '' she said . 
 `` n'est - ce pas ? '' 
 the stairs had rubber padding with the ridges worn almost to nothing . 
 jenny could n't see the top from where she stood-the roof of the haunted mansion hall was in the way . 
 `` what are we waiting for ? '' 
 dee said and vaulted onto the steps . 
 then she grabbed for the railing-as soon as her foot touched a step , the whole staircase had started moving with a jerk . 
 it was a wheezing , groaning , shivering escalator . 
 `` oh , geez , '' michael said . 
 `` i hate to tell you this , but when i was a kid i was scared of escalators . 
 i was afraid they might catch the end of my muffler or something - '' `` you do n't wear mufflers , '' audrey said and shoved him on . 
 `` mike , if you 're scared of escalators , then this one is probably your fault , '' jenny said , stepping on behind him . 
 `` remember , he gets it all from us . '' 
 as they neared the top , jenny found they were riding directly toward a mirror . 
 in fact , she discovered when she looked down the hall-after helping mike jump off the escalator at the strategic moment - there were mirrors everywhere . 
 the hallway downstairs had been dark-this one was exactly the opposite . 
 light bounced and rainbowed off the mirrors lining the zigzagging walls until jenny saw colored streaks even with her eyes closed . 
 in fact , the mirrored walls zigged and zagged so sharply that it was impossible to get a clear view for more than a few feet . 
 you had to veer alternately right and left to follow the hallway 's path , and anything in the bend before you or behind you was invisible . 
 `` all right , who put these here ? '' 
 dee demanded . 
 `` are my legs really that short ? 
 or are these trick mirrors ? '' 
 audrey asked , pivoting . 
 michael made one effort to straighten his wrinkled gray sweats and then gave up . 
 jenny 's own reflection made her uncomfortable . 
 she seemed to hear julian 's voice in her mind : `` eyes as green as cypress and hair like liquid amber . 
 ... '' that was n't what she saw . 
 just now jenny saw a girl with flushed cheeks , whose hair was clinging to her forehead in little damp curls , whose tissue-linen blouse was beginning to go limp , and whose flowing cotton skirt was dusty and grass-stained . 
 `` right or left-take your pick , '' she said , glancing up and down the hallway . 
 `` left , '' dee said firmly , and they went that way , zigging and zagging with the acute turns . 
 the mirrors were disconcerting . 
 everywhere jenny looked her image was thrown back at her , and thrown from mirror to mirror so that she saw herself coming and going , reflected to infinity on all sides . 
 stay in this place long enough and you might forget which one is really you , she thought . 
 as in the other hallway , there were no deviations from the pattern , nothing to distinguish any part of it from any other . 
 it was especially nerve-racking not being able to see more than one turn behind you , and not knowing what might be waiting around the next turn ahead . 
 images of the creeper and the lurker went through jenny 's mind . 
 `` dee , slow down , '' jenny said as dee 's long , light step took her out of sight for the third time . 
 dee was navigating the corridor like a skier on a slalom , plunging in and out of the sharp turns , while the rest of them walked with hands outstretched to help them tell reflection from reality . 
 `` no , you guys hurry up - '' dee 's voice was responding from the next bend , and then there was a flash . 
 it seemed to reflect from everywhere at once , but jenny thought it came from ahead . 
 she and audrey and michael stood frozen for a moment , then hurried forward . 
 dee was standing , hands on her hips , in front of a door . 
 it was mirrored like the walls , but jenny figured it had to be a door because there was a red button like an elevator button beside it . 
 when she looked hard she could distinguish the door 's outline from the mirror around it . 
 above the red button was a blue light bulb , round as a clown 's nose . 
 `` it just appeared , '' dee said and snapped her fingers . 
 `` like that . 
 in that flash . '' 
 from the turn ahead they heard whimpering . 
 `` summer ! '' 
 jenny , dee , and audrey exclaimed simultaneously . 
 it was summer , huddled in the next bend , her spun-sugar curls resting on her folded arms , her legs drawn beneath her china blue shirtdress . 
 she looked up with a little hysterical cry at their approach . 
 `` is it really you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' jenny said , kneeling . 
 she was a little frightened by the expression in summer 's eyes . 
 `` really , really you ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 oh , summer . '' 
 worriedly , jenny put her arms around the smaller girl and felt her trembling . 
 `` i 've been alone here so long , and i kept seeing myself , and then sometimes i thought i saw other people , but when i ran toward them they were n't there ___ '' `` who have you seen ? '' 
 jenny asked . 
 `` sometimes zachary-and sometimes him . 
 he scares me , jenny . '' 
 summer buried her small face in jenny 's vest . 
 he scares me , too , jenny thought . 
 she said , `` there 's nothing to be frightened of now . 
 we 're really here . 
 see ? '' 
 summer managed a watery smile . 
 `` poor sun bunny , michael said . 
 i guess it must be your nightmare next . '' 
 `` good job , mr. tactful , '' dee said under her breath . 
 they explained about the nightmares to summer . 
 she was n't as disturbed as jenny thought she might be . 
 `` anything to get out of here , '' she said . 
 `` i know . 
 i 've only been here twenty minutes , and i hate the place already , '' dee said . 
 `` anybody for claustrophobia ? '' 
 in front of the door jenny hesitated with her finger on the button . 
 `` i do n't suppose you want to tell us what you drew for your nightmare , '' she said . 
 she did n't have much hope ; none of the others had told . 
 `` okay , '' summer said readily . 
 `` it was a messy room . '' 
 `` a messy room ? '' 
 michael said . 
 `` oh , horror . '' 
 `` no , really , summer , '' audrey said with a briskly adult air . 
 `` it 'll help if you tell us . '' 
 dee flashed an amused ebony glance at her . 
 `` i did tell you . 
 it 's a messy room . '' 
 `` it 's all right , summer , '' jenny said gently . 
 `` well deal with it when we get there . '' 
 she pushed the red button . 
 the blue light went on . 
 the door slid open . 
 it was a messy room . 
 `` you see , '' summer said . 
 it was summer 's bedroom , only more so . 
 ever since jenny had known summer , her room had been messy . 
 summer 's parents were refugees from the sixties , and everything in their house was slightly frayed or weathered , but as michael said , summer herself had clutter down to a fine art . 
 when you visited her you usually could n't see the handmade tie-dyed curtains at the window or the bright patchwork quilt on the bed , because of the things hanging from them or piled up in front of them or scattered on top of them . 
 in the room behind the mirrored door , jenny could n't even see the bed . 
 there was a small clear space in front of the closet-everything else was obscured by piles of junk . 
 dee and michael were giggling . 
 `` trust you , sunshine , to have a nightmare like this , '' dee said . 
 jenny sighed , not nearly as amused . 
 `` all right , everybody , let 's go in . 
 i suppose we have to clean it up-there must be a door somewhere along one of the far walls . '' 
 `` hey , wait . 
 i do n't do the c-word , '' michael protested , alarmed . 
 `` besides , dust is bad for my allergies . '' 
 `` in , '' said audrey , taking him by the ear . 
 they all squeezed in between the closet and the piles . 
 the door slid noiselessly shut behind them-and disappeared . 
 `` talk about claustrophobia , '' michael gasped . 
 `` cette chambre est une vrai pagaille , '' audrey said under her breath . 
 `` what ? '' 
 jenny asked . 
 `` i said this is one messy room . 
 summer , how can you stand it ? '' 
 summer 's delft-blue eyes filled with tears . 
 `` my real room is n't as bad as this . 
 this is my nightmare , dummy ! '' 
 `` well , why this kind of nightmare ? '' 
 audrey said , not softening . 
 `` because my mom never yells about my room , but once my nana came to visit , and she almost passed out . 
 i still dream about what she said . '' 
 `` do n't make her feel bad , '' jenny whispered to audrey . 
 `` try to clear a path around the edges , '' she said aloud , `` and check every wall for the door . '' 
 the piles of junk were amazingly varied . 
 there were heaps of rumpled clothes , year-old magazines , disjointed ray-bans , spindled cassette tapes , unstrung string bikinis , crushed frozen yogurt cups , bent photographs , mismatched sandals , dry felt-tip pens , chewed pencils , twisted headphones , musty towels , endless mounds of underwear , and a zoo of bedraggled stuffed animals . 
 also a dog-chewed frisbee , a mashed twister mat , and a futon that smelled like somebody 's bottom . 
 `` it 's spider city here , '' dee said , gathering up one of the heaps . 
 `` have n't you ever heard of raid ? '' 
 `` i believe in live and let live , '' summer said vaguely . 
 it really was a nightmare of sorts , jenny thought-a nightmare of tedium . 
 but dee worked with tireless energy and audrey with fastidious precision , and slowly they forged a path through the debris . 
 michael was no good at all-he stopped to leaf through every magazine he picked up . 
 they were getting to a different type of garbage-a type that made audrey wrinkle up her nose . 
 blackened avocado husks , mildewed newspapers , and plastic glasses with the dregs of unidentifiable liquids in them . 
 then jenny lifted a box of odds and ends and saw something like a pressed flower on the hardwood floor underneath . 
 but it was n't a flower , it was the wrong shape . 
 at first she did n't recognize it , then she saw the little muzzle and the tiny curled-up feet . 
 it was a flat and desiccated mouse . 
 she could n't help gasping . 
 i ca n't touch that , i ca n't , i ca n't . 
 dee scraped it up with a 1991 calendar and threw it in the closet . 
 jenny felt a whisper of terror inside her , unease that went beyond disgust at the mouse . 
 the garbage got worse and worse-like what you 'd find at a dump , nothing that would be in anybody 's bedroom . 
 food in all stages of decomposition . 
 every kind of refuse , trash , and litter . 
 no one was smiling anymore . 
 dee picked up a tattered easter basket , paused . 
 an awful smell wafted from it . 
 she stirred the cellophane grass with one long finger , and then her face convulsed . 
 in the basket was a solid mass of white , writhing maggots . 
 `` god ! '' 
 in one fluid motion dee threw the basket at the closet , where it hit the door and scattered a shower of white . 
 michael bolted up from his magazine with a yell . 
 audrey and summer were shrieking . 
 jenny felt the quick , cold touch of real fear . 
 `` summer-just what did your grandmother say about your room ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` oh-she said things were growing in it , '' summer reported , her eyes large and worried . 
 `` she said it would attract bugs . 
 she said it looked like an earthquake hit it . 
 she said someday i would get lost in it and never come out . '' 
 dee , who had been staring at summer , now cut a glance of startled revelation at jenny . 
 the tension in the room was palpable . 
 `` ana just what kind of nightmares do you have about it ? '' 
 jenny asked , trying to discipline her voice . 
 `` oh . '' 
 summer shivered . 
 `` well-it 's like i hear a scratchy noise , and then i look and it 's these cockroaches-but they 're big , big as ... as sneakers . 
 and then i see this thing on the floor . 
 it 's like fungus , sort of a column of fungus , but it 's got a kind of mouth on the top and it 's howling . 
 it 's howling fungus . '' 
 summer 's lips were trembling by now . 
 `` it may not sound scary , but it was . 
 it was the scariest thing i 've ever seen in my life . '' 
 a primitive warning was going off in jenny 's brain . 
 she , audrey , dee , and michael all looked at one another . 
 `` it sounds plenty scary to me , '' she said . 
 `` i think maybe we 'd better get moving . '' 
 michael 's lips were puckered in a soundless whistle . 
 `` i think maybe you 're right , '' he muttered . 
 he bent to work without another word of complaint . 
 the closet was full by now , and they were just transferring things from before them to behind them , like digging a tunnel . 
 the garbage kept getting grosser and grosser and scarier and scarier . 
 things jenny did n't want to touch with her hands . 
 she wore crumpled tshirts like oven mitts to move them . 
 then the bugs came . 
 it started with a rustle , a pleasant sound like a taffeta prom dress . 
 jenny stiffened , then turned slowly to look . 
 a cockroach , flat and brown . 
 but it was huge , far larger than jenny 's foot . 
 it crawled languidly out of the floor vent , squirming through somehow , its barbed back legs catching on the metal louvers . 
 its feet made soft ticking sounds on the paper debris . 
 summer gave a reedy shriek and pointed at it . 
 then another one came out of the vent , and another . 
 summer 's pointing finger became a shaky blur . 
 jenny reached for a water glass to revive her and snatched her hand back . 
 the glass was jam-packed with crickets , antennae twitching delicately . 
 summer saw it . 
 she stopped pointing and went still . 
 smaller roaches emerged from a discarded candy box , the frilly paper cups crinkling as the bugs crept out . 
 summer 's face was so white there were blue patches under her eyes . 
 iridescent green beetles the size of footballs began to climb the walls . 
 they flexed their chitinous outer wings , their membranous inner wings hanging out like dragging petticoats . 
 summer stood like a statue of ice . 
 jenny looked up . 
 a dozen brown moths as big as small kites were clinging flat to the ceiling , their dark-spotted wings outstretched . 
 `` come on , summer , help us ! '' 
 audrey said in a fear-clotted voice as she raked at the trash . 
 disturbed ants swarmed out of it , forming thick trails like black waterfalls over the debris . 
 summer did n't move . 
 she was staring at one of the hard-shelled beetles like a witless rabbit caught in a headlight . 
 the ground rocked beneath jenny 's feet . 
 at first she thought it was some effect of the garbage shifting . 
 then she remembered : `` she said it looked like an earthquake hit it ... '' `` we have to hurry ! '' 
 she shouted at the same time as dee yelled , `` go , go ! '' 
 they were clawing through the garbage now , tearing just enough away from the wall to reveal cracked and peeling wallpaper , to make sure there was no door . 
 they climbed on the smaller mounds , wading through them . 
 the ground shook again . 
 the whisper of terror inside jenny had become a scream . 
 `` hurry , '' she gasped , clearing refuse with sweeps of her arms . 
 `` hurry , hurry ... '' the towering piles of rubbish quaked . 
 they were all working frenetically , even michael . 
 only summer stood rooted in horror . 
 `` the door ! '' 
 dee shouted , from the top of a pile . 
 jenny 's head snapped up . 
 relief flooded through her . 
 barely visible above a stinking pile she could see the rectangular molding of the door . 
 `` it opens in , '' audrey said . 
 `` we have to get all this stuff out of the way . '' 
 they scrambled over each other , ripping at the pile . 
 a cockroach climbed onto jenny 's foot ; she kicked it off . 
 time to scream later . 
 the room shook again . 
 jenny looked up and her breath hissed in . 
 there were ominous cracks in the ceiling . 
 at that moment dee and michael cleared the last rubble from the door . 
 with a thankful sob jenny helped them pull it open . 
 then she turned to look back . 
 what she saw was n't anybody 's room . 
 it was hell . 
 there were huge cracks in the floor with monstrous , mutant bugs crawling out . 
 the ceiling was buckling and plaster was filtering down . 
 the moths , disturbed , were fluttering through the air , their wings making a sound like huge cards shuffling . 
 and sprouting like grotesque anemones among the refuse were objects jenny did n't recognize . 
 they looked like drooping sea cucumbers and they were green-gray . 
 audrey and michael had stumbled out into the hall of mirrors . 
 dee was holding the door . 
 the earth rumbled again . 
 `` summer , come on ! '' 
 jenny shouted . 
 summer turned toward her voice , her large blue eyes blind . 
 she took a step toward jenny . 
 one of the growths directly in her path straightened up . 
 it became a column . 
 at the top of the column there was an aperture that flared open and shut . 
 the aperture opened wide . 
 a demented , obscene sound came out . 
 it was howling . 
 the other growths were straightening . 
 the moaning siren sound doubled , tripled . 
 they were between summer and the door . 
 summer turned and stumbled back toward the closet , shrieking . 
 `` summer , no ! 
 come back ! '' 
 the ground heaved . 
 the piles of garbage were toppling , falling into the clear path . 
 the mutant bugs skittered around in a frenzy . 
 they seemed to be heading toward summer . 
 the fungus howled . 
 summer 's shrieks gave way to full-throated screaming . 
 `` summer ! '' 
 adrenaline kicked in and jenny plunged into the garbage , trying to climb it . 
 `` jenny , come back ! '' 
 dee shouted . 
 more rubbish fell . 
 jenny could n't see summer at all . 
 the screams were fading . 
 `` jenny , i ca n't hold the door ! '' 
 the screams fell silent . 
 only the howling went on . 
 `` summer ! '' 
 the earth jerked violently . 
 `` it 's coming down ! '' 
 dee shouted , and jenny felt a hand grab her , pull her backward . 
 `` no-we have to get summer ! '' 
 `` we ca n't get anybody ! 
 come on ! '' 
 `` no-summer ! '' 
 jenny screamed , turning again . 
 dee ducked and caught jenny around the waist . 
 jenny found herself flying over dee 's shoulders , out the door . 
 michael and audrey grabbed her . 
 through the open door jenny saw the ceiling come down . 
 dee staggered out and fell beside them . 
 jenny did n't have the strength to stand up . 
 then the door slammed shut as the toppling piles fell against it . 
 `` look , '' michael said in a thick voice . 
 the door was disappearing . 
 it did a slow fade , like a still frame in a movie . 
 it was a door , it was a slightly misty door , it was a transparent door with mirror showing through , it was a mirrored wall . 
 jenny was staring wildly at her own image . 
 she could see the others in the mirror . 
 audrey was white as china . 
 dee 's face was gray . 
 michael looked numb . 
 they huddled on the carpet , stunned . 
 it had happened with such terrible suddenness . 
 jenny whispered , `` when dee was late coming out of audrey 's nightmare , the door did n't disappear . 
 it stayed there-and she came out . 
 but this time ... '' `` god , '' said dee in a very low voice . 
 there was a long silence . 
 audrey , finally , was the one to say the words . 
 `` she 's dead . '' 
 jenny put her face in her hands . 
 it was a gesture she would never have thought she 'd use . 
 at the moment it just happened . 
 she wanted to hide from the world . 
 she wanted to make everything that had happened unhappen . 
 `` it 's not fair , '' she whispered . 
 `` she never hurt anybody . '' 
 then she was standing , shouting to the echoing hallway . 
 `` it 's not fair . 
 it 's not fair , damn you ! 
 she did n't deserve it ! 
 it 's not fair ! '' 
 `` jenny . 
 jenny , calm down-come on , now . 
 jenny , please-just sit down , okay ? '' 
 they were all trying to hold her . 
 jenny realized she was n't in control of herself . 
 she was trembling violently , and her throat hurt from screaming . 
 as suddenly as it had come , the hysterical energy faded . 
 jenny felt herself falling . 
 they set her down . 
 `` it 's okay , '' dee said , and jenny felt a hand stroking her hair . 
 at any other time it would have surprised her . 
 now she felt nothing . 
 `` it 's okay to be upset , '' dee said . 
 they did n't understand . 
 it was jenny 's fault . 
 she was the one who had gotten them into this . 
 if she had kissed julian in the erlking 's cavern , she could have gotten summer out . 
 as if to mock her , an unseen clock struck two . 
 but jenny could only sit . 
 what 's taking them so long ? '' 
 dee said . 
 audrey and michael had gone off to see if they could find zach , who they figured must be around here somewhere . 
 or if they could find water-or a blanket-or something-for jenny . 
 jenny was in bad shape . 
 she was slumped against the slanting mirrored wall opposite summer 's door - what had been summer 's door . 
 there was n't a trace of the exit from summer 's nightmare left , but jenny would n't leave this place . 
 jenny ached . 
 all she could think of , in between waves of grayness , was summer . 
 summer had joined their group in fourth grade , after she , tom , dee , zach , and michael were already friends . 
 tiny , muddled , and very sweet , summer had needed to be taken care of , and taking care was what jenny did best . 
 but not this time . 
 this time jenny had screwed up . 
 and summer was gone . 
 jenny still did n't believe it had really happened . 
 summer would come walking out of that mirror any second now , all thistledown hair and dark blue eyes . 
 any second now . 
 summer did n't . 
 jenny let her head drop back against the wall . 
 `` i 'm going to look for them , '' dee said . 
 `` they 've been too long , they might be in trouble . 
 you stay here , okay ? 
 promise you 'll stay right here . '' 
 her voice was slow and clear , the voice you 'd use to talk to a child . 
 eyes shut , jenny made some slight motion with her head . 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll be back in a minute . '' 
 jenny 's mind drifted back into a haze . 
 summer climbing a tree at camp , summer at newport beach falling off a surfboard , summer at school chewing on a pencil . 
 summer laughing , summer puzzled , summer 's blue eyes filled with tears . 
 she did n't have a mean bone in her body , jenny thought . 
 she was a good person . 
 something like this ca n't happen to a good person . 
 can it ? 
 she saw the flash even through closed lids . 
 summer ! 
 she thought , opening her eyes . 
 but the mirror in front of her showed only her own pale , anxious face and disarrayed hair . 
 maybe it had come from the side . 
 which way ? 
 on her feet , jenny looked to the right and left , dazzled by the multiple reflections . 
 she did n't even know which way dee had gone . 
 she went right , veering back and forth around the zigzag mirrors . 
 turning a corner , she saw dozens of reflections of a round blue light bulb . 
 she caught her breath sharply . 
 the blue light was on , the red button beneath it was depressed . 
 beside it was a dark rectangle-an open door . 
 numb to caution , jenny poked her head in . 
 she could see only darkness inside . 
 none of the light from the hallway seemed to penetrate . 
 had audrey and michael gone in here ? 
 had dee ? 
 could summer - with a click the button popped out , the door began to close . 
 jenny had an instant to choose : jump back or jump forward . 
 she jumped forward . 
 the door slid noiselessly shut behind her , and she stared around , trying to see in the gloom . 
 she could make out shapes like a row of shelves , something on a tripod , a tall lamp . 
 then she knew where she was . 
 it was dim simply because the lights were off . 
 as her eyes adjusted she recognized a giant mural print on one wall . 
 it showed cafeteria tables stacked in a glorious pyramid , one trash can on each end at each level-a marvel of engineering . 
 jenny knew that picture well . 
 she , tom , and dee had spent an entire night stacking those tables and listening to zach 's imperious demands for `` one more shot . '' 
 it had been one of the more hysterical and terrifying adventures of their sophomore year . 
 this was her cousin zach 's garage , converted into a studio . 
 it felt almost like home-but there was no one in sight . 
 the darkroom , jenny thought , and followed the special l-shaped hallway zach had built-a light trap , he called it-to the little room nestled within the garage . 
 she pushed aside the curtain at the entrance . 
 the amber safe light shone on a single figure 's back , on a flannel shirt and a casual ponytail . 
 `` zach ! '' 
 jenny ran to him , but he did n't turn around . 
 `` zach , it 's me , jenny . 
 zach-what are you doing ? '' 
 he was gently rocking a tray full of chemicals with a print in it . 
 his body was stiff and resistant , but jenny turned him by force . 
 even in this light she could see he looked-tranced . 
 the look she 'd seen first in the living room when he 'd insisted on turning more game cards , and then in the parlor when all the rest of them were freaking out . 
 `` oh , zach , what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 she said and threw her arms around him . 
 she 'd been worried about him all night ; she 'd been planning to comfort him , to help . 
 but now she did n't have the strength . 
 she desperately needed help herself . 
 he scarcely seemed to notice she was there . 
 he pushed her away and turned back to agitating the tray . 
 `` zachary , did dee come in here ? 
 have you seen audrey or michael ? '' 
 his voice was slow , dragging , but matter-of-fact . 
 `` i have n't seen anybody . 
 i was sitting out there . 
 where the mirrors are . 
 then i saw a flashgun go off . 
 when i looked for it , i found a door . 
 i pushed the button and went in . '' 
 a flashgun-of course , that was how zach would interpret the bursts of light in the hallway . 
 `` but what are you doing ? '' 
 jenny said . 
 `` it was all set up for me . 
 the print was already in the developer . '' 
 somewhere a timer went off , and he pulled away from jenny 's reaching hand . 
 `` i have to rinse it now . '' 
 jenny blinked painfully as he turned the white light on . 
 she watched his careful , clever fingers as he rinsed the print and plastered it wetly against the wall , standing back to evaluate it , frowning . 
 `` zach , please . 
 you have to listen . '' 
 the numbness over summer was wearing off . 
 zach was her blood relative , and right here , and in trouble . 
 in this light she could see how pale his narrow face was . 
 she could also see the fixed look in his clear gray eyes . 
 `` do n't you realize this is your nightmare ? 
 we ca n't waste time-we have to find a door to get out . 
 zach ! '' 
 he pushed her away again . 
 `` i have to finish this job . 
 i have to ... '' she was barely in time to catch him as he collapsed . 
 but when she did he did n't push her away again . 
 he clung to her like a frightened child . 
 `` jenny ... sorry ... '' `` it 's okay . '' 
 she held him tightly , almost rocking him . 
 `` it 's okay , i 'm here . 
 that 's what cousins are for . '' 
 after a minute he tried to straighten up , but she still held him , encouraging him to hold her back . 
 she needed comfort as much as he did , and zach had always been there for her . 
 before their families had moved out to california , she and zach had lived next door to each other . 
 they 'd played indians in the cherry orchard behind their houses . 
 that was in the days before zach decided he liked photographs better than people , when zach 's gray eyes had been warm instead of winter-cool . 
 her cousin 's mind was obviously following the same track . 
 `` just like when we were kids , '' he said with what was probably supposed to be a laugh . 
 `` and you 'd get all scraped up climbing trees , and we 'd wash you with the hose so aunt lil would n't get mad , '' jenny said . 
 she laughed , herself , muffled against zach 's shoulder . 
 it was almost like crying . 
 `` oh , zach , i 'm so glad i found you . '' 
 `` me , too . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i 've been feeling pretty weird . '' 
 `` everything 's been awful , '' jenny said , and once again her voice was shaking badly . 
 `` i 've been so scared-and now ... '' she could n't bring herself to mention summer . 
 the words stuck in her throat . 
 `` it 's okay , '' he said . 
 `` we 're together now . 
 we 'll make things okay . '' 
 a hose and a band-aid are n't going to help this time , jenny thought , but it was easier just to hold on to zach . 
 tighter and tighter . 
 exchanging comfort without words . 
 he was stroking her hair and it felt good-soothing . 
 she seemed to feel strength flowing from his body to hers . 
 and something else . 
 a warmth that surprised her . 
 zach was usually so cool . 
 now he was holding her and caressing her almost as if she were some toddler that needed pacifying . 
 or-as if he were n't her cousin , but her boyfriend . 
 she pushed the thought away . 
 zach was just being kind . 
 he wanted to help-and he was helping . 
 she felt better , simply absorbing his sympathy , his affection . 
 his-tenderness . 
 she leaned against him , letting him support her weight . 
 feeling secure . 
 cared for . 
 safe . 
 when he kissed the back of her neck , it was so tenderly it did n't disturb the safe feeling . 
 zach was nice . 
 she loved him ; she was happy to know he loved her . 
 when he kissed her again , an unexpected tremor ran through her . 
 now-she was n't supposed to feel like that . 
 not with zach . 
 he should n't - he really should n't ... but she did n't want to pull away from him or spoil the moment . 
 his lips were warm on the back of her neck . 
 a shock of sweetness passed through jenny , this time too strong to be ignored . 
 that felt-she knew she must n't feel that way . 
 her hands went up to his arms , to push at him . 
 `` zach , '' she whispered . 
 `` i think we 're both-a little upset . 
 we 're not ourselves . '' 
 `` i know , '' zach said , as if it hurt him . 
 `` i 'm sorry-i ... '' he straightened , loosening his grip a little , but then he kissed her hair . 
 she felt his lips moving , felt his warm breath there . 
 `` zachary , '' she said . 
 `` it 's wrong . 
 we 're cousins . '' 
 the problem was that although her words were strong , her voice was n't . 
 she could barely breathe . 
 and she did n't move away . 
 `` half cousins , '' he said . 
 it was true , although jenny seldom thought of it-her mother and his were only half sisters . 
 `` and besides , i ca n't help it . 
 1 ca n't help it . '' 
 his kisses were coming faster . 
 his urgency caught jenny in a rush of elemental feeling . 
 she kept thinking , but there 's something else-without remembering what the something was . 
 then she whispered , `` but , tom ... '' - and shock swept over her . 
 she had n't thought about tom since-since - she could n't remember when . 
 zach was saying that he could n't help tom , either . 
 `` he does n't deserve you . '' 
 the words came on a warm wave of breath in her ear . 
 `` he does n't love you enough . 
 i was always afraid to say it , but you know it 's true . '' 
 despite his slimness zach 's muscles were hard against her . 
 jenny tried to protest , but the words caught in her throat . 
 `` and now i know you do n't love him enough , either . 
 you were n't meant to be with him . '' 
 zach 's voice was soft and reasonable , his words running together in a velvet sound . 
 then he was looking down at her . 
 a clear light seemed to shine through his intense face . 
 his winter-gray eyes looked almost pale blue . 
 `` you ca n't fight something like this , jenny , '' he whispered . 
 `` you know you ca n't . '' 
 jenny shut her eyes and turned her face up . 
 he kissed her and her senses reeled . 
 they seemed to melt together . 
 jenny felt herself sinking beneath his embrace . 
 so soft ... kissing had never been so soft before . 
 she could n't think anymore . 
 she was flying . 
 she was deep underwater . 
 pure sensation overwhelmed her . 
 she was kissing him back as she had never kissed tom . 
 his hair was loose under her fingers ; it must have come out of the ponytail . 
 she wanted to feel all of it . 
 it was so much softer than she 'd realized . 
 she 'd always thought of zach as having rather coarse hair , but this was so soft ... like silk or cat 's fur under her fingertips ... she heard the wild , whimpering sound she made , and she knew , she knew , even as she was pulling back . 
 even as she was jerking away , she knew . 
 julian 's eyes were like liquid sapphires under sooty lashes . 
 heavy-lidded and dark with passion . 
 he was wearing a plaid flannel shirt like zach 's shirt , stone-washed denims like zach 's denims , and running shoes like zach 's shoes . 
 but he had a languid , careless grace zach would never have . 
 his hair looked bright as sand in moonlight . 
 jenny was scrubbing her mouth with the back of her hand . 
 a purely reflexive and senseless gesture . 
 she was too shocked to be angry . 
 did i know ? 
 did i know underneath before he kissed me or while he was kissing me but before i pulled away did i know could i possibly have known ... ? 
 she still could n't make out what reality was . 
 `` how could you know ... ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` you acted like zach-you knew things only he would know - '' `` i 've watched him , '' julian said . 
 `` i 've watched you . 
 i 'm the shadow man , jenny-and i love you . '' 
 his voice was soft , mesmerizing , and something inside jenny began to melt at the very sound . 
 then she thought of summer . 
 anger , hot and bright , surged through her and gave her strength . 
 she looked into julian 's liquid-blue eyes . 
 any softness she 'd ever had toward him had disappeared . 
 she hated him now . 
 without a word she turned and walked out of the darkroom . 
 he followed her , flicking the garage lights on . 
 he knew , of course , what she was thinking about . 
 `` she agreed , '' he said . 
 `` just like all the rest of you , she agreed to play the game . '' 
 `` she did n't know it was real ! '' 
 he quoted from the instructions . '' ' 
 i acknowledge that the game is real . 
 `` you can talk all you want , julian-but you killed her . '' 
 `` i did n't do anything to her . 
 her own fear did that . 
 she could n't face her nightmare . '' 
 jenny knew there was no point in arguing with him , but she could n't help it . 
 in a low , savage voice she said , `` it was n't fair . '' 
 he shook his head , looking almost amused . 
 `` life is n't fair , jenny . 
 have n't you learned that yet ? '' 
 jenny was raging on . 
 `` what gives you the right to play with us this way ? 
 how can you justify it ? '' 
 `` i do n't need the right . 
 listen to me , jenny . 
 the worlds-all nine of them-are cruel . 
 they do n't care anything about you , or about right . 
 there is no ultimate goodness . 
 it 's the law of the jungle . 
 you do n't need right-if you have strength . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you , '' jenny said . 
 `` that the world is cruel ? '' 
 there was a newspaper on the bench ; he picked it up . 
 `` take a look at this and tell me that evil loses and good wins . 
 tell me that it 's not the law of the jungle in your world . '' 
 jenny did n't even want to look at the headlines . 
 she 'd seen too many in her life . 
 `` reality , '' julian said , flashing a smile , `` has teeth and claws . 
 and since that 's true , would n't you rather be one of the hunters than one of the hunted ? '' 
 jenny shook her head . 
 she had to admit the truth of what he was saying-about the world , at least . 
 but she felt sick to her stomach . 
 `` i 'm offering you a choice , '' julian said . 
 his face had hardened . 
 `` i told you before that if i could n't persuade you i would force you-somehow . 
 if you wo n't agree i 'll have to show you what i mean . 
 i 'm tired of playing , jenny . 
 i want this settled-one way or another . '' 
 `` it is settled , '' jenny said . 
 `` i 'll never come to you . 
 i hate you . '' 
 anger flared like a twisting blue flame in julian 's eyes . 
 `` do n't you understand , '' he said , `` that what happened to summer can happen to you ? '' 
 jenny felt a wave of coldness . 
 `` yes , '' she said slowly . 
 `` i do . '' 
 and she did , at last . 
 she probably would n't have believed it before . 
 would n't have believed julian was capable of it , or that she , jenny , could be vulnerable to it . 
 dying was for old people , not kids her age . 
 bad things-really bad things-didn ' t happen to good people . 
 but they did . 
 now she knew that emotionally . 
 in her heart . 
 sometimes bad things , the worst , happened to people who did n't deserve it at all . 
 even summer . 
 even her . 
 jenny felt as if she had learned some secret , been initiated into some worldwide club or community . 
 the community of sorrow . 
 she was now one of the people who knew . 
 strangely , it gave her a sense of comfort to know that there were so many others , so many who 'd had friends die , or lost parents , or had other terrible things happen that they never asked for . 
 there are a lot of us , she thought . 
 without realizing it , she 'd begun to cry . 
 we 're everywhere . 
 and we do n't all turn hunter and take it out on other people . 
 all of us do n't . 
 aba had n't . 
 jenny suddenly remembered that dee 's grandmother had lost her husband in a racial incident . 
 and she remembered something aba had taped to her bathroom mirror , incongruous among all the glass and marble and gold fixtures . 
 it was a handmade sign that said : do no harm . 
 help when you can . 
 return good for evil . 
 jenny had never asked aba about the sign . 
 it did n't seem to need explaining . 
 now she felt the community of sorrow strengthening her from all over . 
 as if they were sympathizing , silently . 
 bad things-the worst-might happen to jenny , right now . 
 jenny understood that . 
 she said , `` you 're right . 
 maybe things are that bad . 
 but that does n't mean i have to give in . 
 i wo n't join you willingly , so you might as well try force . '' 
 `` i will , '' he said . 
 it started so simply . 
 jenny heard a whining buzz and a bee landed on her sleeve . 
 it was just an ordinary bee , dusty-gold . 
 it clung with its little feet to her tissue-linen blouse . 
 but then she heard another buzz , and a second bee landed on her other sleeve . 
 another buzz , and another . 
 jenny hated bees . 
 she was always the one at picnics shrieking , `` is there one in my hair ? '' 
 she wanted to shoo these bees away , but she was afraid to provoke them . 
 she looked at julian . 
 at his wild , exotic sapphire eyes and his beautifully sculpted face . 
 at that moment , wearing zach 's lackluster clothing , his beauty was so unearthly it was frightening . 
 another buzz and a bee was in her hair , its wings a blur of motion as it tangled and clung . 
 she could see it in her peripheral vision . 
 julian smiled . 
 jenny heard a deeper sound , a thrumming , and she looked automatically for the source . 
 a swarm of bees was clustered on one of the rafters of the garage , hanging down like some giant , pendulous fruit . 
 jenny took a step backward and heard a warning buzzzzz from her hair . 
 the ball of bees was moving , breaking up . 
 becoming a dark cloud . 
 heading toward her . 
 jenny looked once more at julian , and then bees began to fall on her like hail . 
 they clung to her arms , her shoulders , her breasts . 
 she had to hold her arms away from her body in order to keep from crushing the ones on her sides . 
 she knew that if she did that they would sting . 
 then it simply became a nightmare , unreal . 
 they were heavy , covering her like a blanket . 
 too heavy . 
 jenny staggered . 
 she shut her eyes because they were crawling out of her hair onto her face . 
 she was inundated with bees , layer upon layer of them . 
 they were clinging to each other now , because there was almost no part of her body clear of them . 
 her fingertips , some parts of her face . 
 she felt their feet on her cheeks and wanted to scream , but she could n't , she could n't scream because if she did-if she did-they 'd get into her mouth . 
 and then she 'd lose her sanity . 
 but she could n't breathe well enough through her nose . 
 her chest was heaving and their weight was crushing her . 
 she was going to have to open her mouth . 
 she was crying silently , trying not to move , to disturb them more than she could help . 
 julian 's voice came to her . 
 `` just say the word , jenny . '' 
 she could only shake her head slightly . 
 the barest minimum of motion . 
 but what she could manage , she did . 
 she was still sobbing without a sound , terrified to move , but she would not-she would not-give in . 
 you can do whatever you like to me , she thought . 
 in the dark beneath her bee-covered eyes she tried to hold on to consciousness , but it was like a thin thread slipping through her fingers . 
 she grasped at it , felt it being snatched away from her . 
 she was fainting . 
 falling . 
 but she would n't give in . 
 when i hit the ground and crush them , they 'll go mad . 
 they 'll kill me , she thought . 
 but she never said the word to stop it . 
 she felt the darkness come as she began to fall . 
 floating in gray dimness , she heard a clock strike three . 
 wake up , she thought , but she did n't want to . 
 she floated for a while again . 
 no , wake up , she thought . 
 that 's the alarm . 
 you have to go to school ... or something . 
 you have to go see zach . 
 zach . 
 she was awake . 
 she was lying on the cold floor of her cousin 's garage , chilled and stiff but bee-less . 
 she looked at her hands and bare ankles . 
 not a mark . 
 julian had n't let it happen . 
 but now she was stuck in a garage without a door . 
 the light trap had only a curtain . 
 all the other doors-the large one for cars and the regular one to the house-were simply missing , their spaces filled in with blank walls . 
 she had no idea what she was supposed to do next , and it was after three in the morning and she was tired . 
 jenny looked at the corner of the studio where zach took pictures . 
 zach 's camera stood on a tripod . 
 the tungsten floodlamp was turned on . 
 the backdrop was a sheet of seamless paper from a roll maybe six feet wide . 
 zach had done a lot of photos by painting paper like that black and throwing handfuls of white flour at it . 
 the result had looked a little like the milky way-white splashes on infinite space . 
 very strange and futuristic ; zach loved that kind of stuff . 
 this backdrop , though , had a door painted on it , too . 
 a knob protruded from the paper . 
 the way out , jenny thought as she went over to it , but something inside her was n't so sure . 
 for some reason this black-and-white door made her chilled flesh creep . 
 what choice have you got ? 
 her mind asked simply . 
 she turned the knob . 
 the door swung out . 
 she stepped inside . 
 it was like being suspended among the stars . 
 the door closed behind her , but jenny scarcely noticed . 
 the sky seemed very low , more like a ceiling . 
 it was black with glowing white splotches . 
 the ground was a velvety black dropcloth that went on forever in all directions . 
 it was awful , this sense of infinity all around , pulling at her . 
 it reminded her of a dream she 'd once had , where the ground stretched on endlessly , but the sky was close and solid overhead . 
 did zach have the same kind of dreams ? 
 was this zach 's real nightmare ? 
 the only landmarks in the limitless , featureless darkness were lamps-tungsten floodlamps like the ones zach used . 
 they formed little islands of brightness here and there , some white , some colored , fading out into the distance . 
 jenny pivoted , trying to get her bearings-and drew in her breath sharply . 
 the door was still behind her . 
 it had n't disappeared . 
 she could walk right out again . 
 but if this was zach 's nightmare , he must be in here somewhere . 
 she could n't leave without looking for him . 
 after a moment 's hesitation she headed for the nearest floodlamp , a neon pink one . 
 it took courage to step away from the security of the door , and once she did she kept her eyes fixed on the island of light ahead . 
 the black velvet ground was perfectly smooth , without the slightest wrinkle . 
 she could practically skate over it in her flats . 
 when she reached the floodlamp , she saw it had a pink filter just like the ones zach used . 
 he got them from the drama department when colored spotlights burned out . 
 and the scene it illuminated was exactly like a print zach had made-a cardboard silhouette of a neon-pink coyote in the grass . 
 the print had been weird and high tech , like all zach 's photos , but jenny had always liked it . 
 just now the coyote-shape standing alone with pink light blazing on it was unnerving . 
 waiting for the photographer , jenny thought . 
 it gave the disquieting impression that it had been waiting there forever . 
 she headed toward the next floodlamp , a white one maybe forty feet away . 
 it was hard to judge distance here . 
 this one was shining on a wall , a single wall standing alone , its windows broken out . 
 silver dots and swathes decorated the wall . 
 zach had gone into deserted houses in zuma beach and painted and photographed them . 
 vandalism , the police said , but zach insisted it was art . 
 jenny looked on both sides of the freestanding wall . 
 it was unnerving , too . 
 everything was so quiet here ... . 
 just as she thought it , she heard a faint clanking noise . 
 the light from the pink floodlamp dimmed for a moment-as if something had passed in front of it . 
 standing rigid , jenny strained her eyes in the darkness . 
 she could n't see anything moving . 
 she could n't hear anything , either . 
 just your imagination , she told herself-but it was hard to make it sound convincing . 
 glancing back frequently , she walked to the next lamp . 
 this one had a neon orange filter . 
 a few years ago zach had photographed baking soda thrown in the air under colored lights . 
 the problem was that here the baking soda stayed in the air , a glowing orange cloud suspended-by nothing . 
 jenny could see individual motes in it twinkle and drift slightly . 
 god , get me out of here . 
 she backed away from it and set out for the next island . 
 when she got closer her heart skipped and she began to run . 
 there were two blue floodlamps close together . 
 zach was under one . 
 jenny opened her mouth to shout to him , but stopped at the last minute . 
 what if it was n't zach ? 
 she 'd been fooled once . 
 she approached cautiously and looked down at the figure in silence . 
 same flannel shirt over same t-shirt . 
 same denims . 
 same hair in same ponytail . 
 he was holding a fist-size rock over a gray canvas painted with silver streaks . 
 he put the rock down , looked at it , picked it back up . 
 he put it down again in almost exactly the same place . 
 `` i 'm going to call it ` rock on water , ' '' he said . 
 he looked up . 
 `` because rocks do n't really float . '' 
 `` zach , '' said jenny . 
 she knelt down and put a hand on his shoulder . 
 his gray eyes were abstracted and a little glazed , just like the other 's had been . 
 but something told jenny this was really her cousin . 
 a stealthy noise in the endless dark made her look up fast . 
 the white spotlight winked out , went back on . 
 `` zach , we 've got to go , '' she said and tightened her grip . 
 `` i 'll explain later-but there 's something out there , and we have to get back to the door . '' 
 zach just gave her one of his absent smiles , the kind that did n't reach his eyes . 
 `` i know it 's out there , '' he said . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 it 's all part of my hallucination . '' 
 `` your what ? 
 you mean your nightmare ? '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 he picked up the rock again , shifted it slightly , considered it . 
 `` i 've known for a long time that this was going to happen . '' 
 jenny was genuinely astonished . 
 `` you knew we were going to get kidnapped by the shadow man ? '' 
 `` i knew i was going to go crazy . '' 
 then , adjusting the rock fractionally , he said , `` actually ` kidnapped by the shadow man ' is a really interesting way of putting it . 
 really imaginative . 
 i mean , what else is going insane ? '' 
 jenny could feel her mouth hanging open . 
 then she shut it with a snap and took her cousin by both shoulders . 
 `` zachary , you are not insane , '' she said . 
 `` is that what your problem is-why you were acting so strange before ? 
 because you thought you 'd gone crazy ? '' 
 `` brain kidnapped by the shadow man , '' he told her . 
 `` it was bound to happen sooner or later . 
 it runs in the family . '' 
 `` oh , for god 's sake , zach ! '' 
 she had no idea what he was talking about . 
 the orange floodlamp , the next one out , seemed to flicker . 
 `` do n't worry , '' zach told jenny . 
 `` you 're just part of my hallucination . 
 it wo n't really hurt . '' 
 `` what wo n't really hurt ? '' 
 zach was gazing at the rock on his canvas . 
 `` it 's about dimensions . 
 see ? 
 the canvas is two dimensional and the - '' an arrow shattered one of the blue floodlamps in a shower of sparks and glass . 
 no , a bolt , jenny thought , stunned . 
 a bolt from a crossbow . 
 she recognized it because zach 's father had made it to the national crossbow championship three years running . 
 bolts were even more lethal than arrows-and this one was metal and looked almost futuristic . 
 zach was brushing bits of glass off his canvas . 
 `` zach , get up ! '' 
 jenny was frantic . 
 another bolt shattered the second blue floodlight . 
 jenny jumped away from the sparks . 
 zach hunched protectively over his rock . 
 `` zach , listen to me ! 
 this is not a hallucination , it 's real , and you can die for real here , too ! 
 you can bring your rock if you want , but we 've got to leave this minute-this minute ! '' 
 her voice rose hysterically at the end . 
 it got through to him . 
 she could barely see him by the glow of the white-splattered sky , but he got up-still holding the rock-and went where she was pulling him . 
 orange floodlight , jenny was thinking . 
 orange , and then white , and then pink . 
 the door should be beyond that . 
 the orange lamp shattered as they got to it . 
 `` zach , who 's after us ? 
 no , do n't stop , come on ! '' 
 panting , jenny tugged at his elbow . 
 he 'd turned around to look thoughtfully behind them . 
 he did n't seem frightened . 
 `` me , '' he said . 
 they reached the freestanding wall by the white floodlamp . 
 jenny felt somewhat safer behind it . 
 she looked at her cousin . 
 `` you ? '' 
 `` it 's me . 
 it 's my hallucination and i 'm chasing myself . 
 hunting myself . '' 
 `` oh , zach , '' she said helplessly . 
 then : `` zach , it 's not a hallucination . 
 the same thing is happening to all of us-we 're all here . 
 dee and mike and tom and audrey and me . 
 and summer was here , but her nightmare killed her because she could n't cope . 
 so you have to cope , because if you do n't ... '' jenny 's eyes were wet . 
 zach blinked . 
 `` we 're all here ? 
 it 's real ? '' 
 `` it 's real . 
 it really happened , the game and the shadow man and everything . 
 it 's not in your head . 
 it almost drove me crazy , too , but you ca n't let it . '' 
 zach blinked again , then looked through the empty window of the wall , out into the darkness . 
 `` if it 's real ... '' he began slowly , and continued in a voice with more strength , `` if it 's real , then who 's that ? '' 
 jenny inched over to take a cautious peek . 
 a-person-was standing at the very edge of the light that went through the window . 
 his crossbow was futuristic-looking-and so was he . 
 cyberpunk , jenny thought . 
 he was wearing black body armor that hugged his lean body sleekly , and he had one normal hand and one that was shining steel and cables . 
 there was some kind of high-tech gun strapped to his thigh . 
 he wore a helmet with a mirrored face mask that completely obscured his features . 
 jenny leaned back against the wall . 
 `` oh , terrific , '' she whispered . 
 `` i figured he was my dark side . 
 the part of me that wants to destroy me , '' zach said reasonably . 
 a bolt came through the window-jenny felt the wind of it-and shattered the white floodlamp . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 this time zach ran without prompting . 
 the cyber-hunter got to the pink floodlight before them . 
 he could n't have , but he did anyway . 
 he stood , backlit by the neon pink glow , a dark silhouette as they approached . 
 `` this way ! 
 we have to get to the door ! '' 
 jenny veered sharply , circling to get to the other side of the pink lamp . 
 zach followed her . 
 but when she got to the place where the door should have been , it was n't . 
 `` it 's gone ! '' 
 jenny turned to look back . 
 the cyber-hunter was facing them now , facing the blazing pink glow . 
 and what on earth are we supposed to do with him ? 
 jenny thought . 
 kill him ? 
 bash him with the rock ? 
 i do n't think so . 
 one thing she 'd learned-the nightmares were fair . 
 there was always a chance , a way to get out , even when there did n't seem to be . 
 she supposed julian considered that only sporting . 
 so what could they do with the cyber-hunter ? 
 how could zach face his fear ? 
 `` zach , '' she said hesitantly , `` you have n't seen his face , right ? 
 you do n't know if he looks like you . '' 
 `` no , i just figured . 
 he 's like the high-tech stuff in my photos-come to get me . '' 
 and like some cyberpunk stuff i 've seen , jenny thought grimly . 
 she said , `` if you did look at him ... if you pulled off his helmet , say - '' she could feel zach recoil in the dark . 
 jenny shut her eyes , feeling suddenly tired . 
 `` then that 's what you have to do , i think . 
 it 's your nightmare , and you have to face him . 
 i 'll go with you . '' 
 it was a risk . 
 whether the hunter was julian or just one of julian 's dream-creatures , like the dark elves or the small visitors , he might very well look like zach under the helmet . 
 `` zach , i think you have to-or we wo n't ever find the way out of here . 
 i think , even if he looks like you , you have to know he 's not you . '' 
 `` but-if he is me ... if you 're not really here and this is all my hallucination ... '' `` then i 'll probably disappear or something ! '' 
 jenny said . 
 `` and then at least you 'll know you 're crazy . 
 all i know is that summer would n't face her nightmare and she died . '' 
 there was a silence . 
 zach turned toward her , but it was too dark to be sure of his expression . 
 `` come on , '' he said and started for the light . 
 jenny 's heart rate kept accelerating as they got closer to it . 
 the cyber-hunter could easily shoot them at any minute . 
 he did n't . 
 he stood as still as a figure in the movieland wax museum . 
 he was exactly zach 's height . 
 zach stopped when they were a few feet in front of him . 
 jenny could hear blood roaring in her ears . 
 the cyber-hunter shifted the crossbow a little . 
 pink jewels of light slid up and down it , and over his black armor . 
 zach 's face was reflected in the mirrored faceplate . 
 `` go on , zach , '' jenny whispered . 
 `` take off the helmet . 
 tell him he 's not you , whatever he looks like . '' 
 she was n't nearly as confident as she sounded . 
 was it zach 's face under the helmet ? 
 julian 's ? 
 maybe it was some hideous android-some kind of killer robot . 
 maybe zach would get shot before he could find out . 
 maybe ... the cyber-hunter stood waiting . 
 with a sudden gesture zach reached out and grabbed the front of the helmet , pulling the face mask away . 
 there was nothing underneath . 
 no face , no head . 
 jenny , prepared for anything else , screamed involuntarily . 
 the cyber-hunter 's black body armor fell down empty , the crossbow clattering on top of it . 
 a door appeared beside the pink floodlight . 
 zach was staring down at the empty shell of armor . 
 he nudged the dismembered robotic hand with his foot . 
 jenny gave a little gasp of relief . 
 it had been so easy-but then she looked at her cousin . 
 the real test was in his head . 
 `` i 'm still here , zach , '' she said . 
 `` right ? 
 right ? '' 
 he turned to look at her , pink light haloing his hair . 
 then , slowly , he smiled . 
 `` right , '' he said . 
 the awful dazed look had disappeared . 
 he looked like zach again . 
 she could see the sanity return to his eyes . 
 relief flooded jenny in painful waves . 
 zach dropped the mirrored face mask on the pile of black armor . 
 `` the rock i 'll keep . 
 i still want to do that photo . '' 
 they stepped through the door to the mirrored hallway . 
 zach 's slip of paper was on the ground . 
 jenny picked it up and frowned over it . 
 she could vaguely make out what looked like a profile-a profile with a beaky nose-but behind that was just a futuristic mishmash of colors , streaks and dabs . 
 `` the things in my head , '' zach said . 
 he took it from her and tore it up . 
 jenny watched the colored pieces float down like confetti . 
 `` zach-what made you think insanity runs in the family ? '' 
 zach just shrugged . 
 the others had explained their nightmares , but it did n't surprise jenny that zach would n't . 
 zach protected his privacy . 
 an unseen clock struck four . 
 `` i hate this place , '' zach said , looking at his own gray-eyed reflection . 
 `` it reminds me of the fun house at that amusement park we used to go to when we were kids . '' 
 `` then you 're the one who put it here , '' jenny said . 
 she 'd forgotten the fun house herself-but then she 'd forgotten a lot about her childhood , especially the years before she came to california . 
 she did n't want to remember . 
 she felt a little twist of premonition in her stomach . 
 she also felt the heat in her cheeks . 
 now that they were out of danger , now that zach looked like himself again , she found that her attitude toward him had changed . 
 it was julian 's fault . 
 jenny knew perfectly well that her cousin had never thought of her romantically-but she could n't forget what had happened in the darkroom . 
 every time she looked at zach , she remembered seeing those gray eyes black with passion . 
 i 'll forget eventually , she told herself . 
 it 'll wear off . 
 just as long as he never finds out . 
 aloud she said , `` we 've got to find the others . 
 dee and audrey and mike are all wandering around here somewhere . 
 i guess '' - she hesitated - `` i guess we should separate . 
 but i 'm afraid we might not be able to find our way back to each other . 
 i know it seems as if the hall only goes two ways , but you ca n't trust anything here . '' 
 `` wait a minute . '' 
 zach pulled two crayons out of the pocket of his flannel shirt . 
 `` i took them because i thought the colors might work in a photo . 
 take your pick , cadet blue or indian red . 
 we can mark a trail . '' 
 jenny chose cadet blue and made a pale , waxy streak on the nearest mirror . 
 `` brilliant , '' she said . 
 `` i 'll go this way , you go that way . 
 whoever finds them can bring them back here . '' 
 `` where the two crayons meet , '' zach said and began a line of his own . 
 still drawing , he walked away . 
 the first zigzag of the hall took him out of sight . 
 no thank-you , no goodbye . 
 well , that should help her forget the darkroom scene . 
 zach was himself again , all right . 
 she went her own way , leaving a crayon trail behind her . 
 the mirrored hallway seemed infinite-and completely deserted . 
 it went on and on with no variations . 
 until , to her astonishment , she came to the end . 
 it was a blank wall , gray as concrete . 
 no mirror , no blue light , no red button . 
 it scared her . 
 on the ground in front of it was a white slip of paper . 
 jenny approached the paper slowly . 
 it scared her , too . 
 dee , audrey , mike , summer , and zach had had their nightmares . 
 and julian had said tom was at the top of the house . 
 nobody 's nightmare left on this floor but hers . 
 she picked the paper up , turned it over . 
 she recognized the formless doodle around the edges . 
 the middle of the paper was exactly as she 'd left it-blank . 
 jenny looked up at the blank wall . 
 `` need any help ? '' 
 julian asked from behind her . 
 the paper crumpled in jenny 's clenched fist as she turned . 
 he was leaning against a mirror , wearing the sleek black body armor . 
 no helmet , though . 
 instead , there was a splash of purple in the shock of white hair falling over his forehead and a triangular blue design on his cheekbone . 
 it looked almost like silk-screening . 
 more cyberpunk , jenny thought . 
 high-tech body art . 
 zach would love it-or maybe not . 
 jenny looked straight into the strange cat-tilted blue eyes . 
 things had changed since julian had set the bees on her . 
 she had a new confidence at her core . 
 whatever he did to her , even if he killed her , he could n't break her . 
 `` so it was you shooting at us , '' she said . 
 `` personally , i think it was zach 's father . 
 i think he has a little complex there . 
 rugged , old-fashioned dad ; artistic , newfangled son , you know . 
 on the other hand , i am a hunter . '' 
 he pushed the lock of purple hair out of his eyes , smiling . 
 `` why do n't you just go away ? '' 
 jenny said . 
 `` i 'm trying to figure something out . '' 
 `` i 'm glad to help . 
 i know a lot about you . 
 i 've watched you for so many years now . 
 hour after hour , day after day . '' 
 jenny froze . 
 he 'd said similar things before , and she had n't really listened . 
 or she had n't taken it literally . 
 but now , looking at him , she knew he meant it . 
 it was the most terrible thing she 'd ever heard . 
 he 'd watched her for hours on end ? 
 how many times in her life , when she 'd thought she was alone , had he been there ? 
 it was an appalling intimacy , and one jenny did n't want . 
 `` i 'm in love with you , '' he said simply . 
 `` i think everything you do is marvelous . '' 
 `` you - '' `` there 's no need to be embarrassed . 
 i do n't think the same way you do . 
 whether your hair 's brushed - whether your makeup is on-i do n't care . 
 besides '' - he smiled at her - `` did n't you know that i was there ? '' 
 `` of course not . '' 
 but she had , jenny realized . 
 somewhere deep inside herself she 'd known she was being watched . 
 she 'd just thought everybody had that feeling . 
 those times in the night when she woke up , certain that a tall shape was standing over her in the darkness . 
 usually when it happened she could n't move , could hardly breathe . 
 sometimes she would actually see the shape , the outline black against lighter blackness , and she stared until her eyes ached . 
 if she kicked at it or turned on the light , it would disappear . 
 but she 'd sit there breathing hard anyway , choking on her own fear . 
 her room always looked strange in that unnatural middle-of-the-night brightness . 
 subtly different than it did in the daytime . 
 it was always a long time before she would be able to turn the light off again . 
 and underneath , in her heart of hearts , she would feel it had been real . 
 not just a dream . 
 her eyes had been open when she 'd seen the thing above her , and it did n't matter if that was stupid and nobody could see in such darkness . 
 she 'd seen it anyway . 
 it had been there . 
 jenny had thought everybody went through things like that . 
 `` i hate you , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'd have thought you 'd want my help right now . '' 
 he nodded at the blank wall . 
 `` that 's your nightmare , jenny-but how are you going to get into it ? 
 and if you ca n't get into it , how are you going to get through it ? '' 
 he wants you panicked , jenny told herself . 
 he wants to scare you , to make you think you need his help . 
 but she did n't need it . 
 she refused to need it . 
 she smiled suddenly . 
 she could feel it was lopsided . 
 she held up the cadet blue crayon . 
 `` i 'll get in with this , '' she said and smoothed out her blank slip of paper . 
 his eyelids drooped in amusement , and his voice was a caress . 
 `` but how will you remember . 
 you do n't know what to draw . 
 you 've spent all these years trying to forget ____ '' `` i know enough , '' jenny said . 
 she wondered just how much julian knew about her own private nightmare , the one she 'd spent so long running away from . 
 she had the chilling feeling that she was about to find out . 
 `` i know what it starts with , '' she said . 
 `` it starts with my grandfather 's basement , when i was five years old . '' 
 she put the paper flat against a mirror and began to draw . 
 cadet blue , which had just looked pale on the mirror , turned out to be gray on paper . 
 jenny was no artist , but she could draw simple things . 
 like a square-that was her grandfather 's basement . 
 steps , going out of the top of the picture up to the house . 
 a desk against one wall . 
 a couch . 
 three or four large bookcases . 
 that was all she could remember . 
 she hoped it was enough . 
 glancing over her shoulder , she saw that julian was gone again . 
 good . 
 she put the slip of paper on the floor in front of the blank wall . 
 the flash of light was exactly like a flashgun going off in her eyes , leaving her with dancing afterimages . 
 score one for zach , she thought . 
 when she could see again , she found herself looking in a mirror . 
 it had worked . 
 she could feel her pulse in her wrists and throat as well as her chest . 
 god , do n't let me run away , she thought . 
 after so many years of fighting not to remember this , she was going to throw herself right into it . 
 it was going to be bad . 
 how bad , she 'd have to find out when it happened . 
 she pressed the red button . 
 the blue light went on . 
 the mirrored door slid open . 
 she did n't give herself a chance to look at anything before she stepped inside . 
 golden sunlight slanted in from small windows set high on the walls . 
 to jenny 's utter surprise she felt a thrill of excitement and recognition . 
 i remember those windows ! 
 i remember ... the door slid shut behind her , but she was already stepping out to the center of the room , looking around in wonder . 
 taking in the colors , the profusion of objects . 
 it 's smaller than i thought it would be-and even more crowded . 
 but it 's my grandfather 's basement . 
 her grandfather , though , was n't there . 
 that 's right . 
 he was n't here that day . 
 i remember . 
 i let myself in the house and went looking for him , but i could n't find him anywhere upstairs . 
 so ... i looked down here-i think . 
 i must have . 
 i do n't remember doing it , but i must have . 
 jenny turned toward the stairs , which ended in a blank wall at the top . 
 no door , of course , because this was a nightmare . 
 the wall was as blank as her mind-her sense of delighted recognition had stopped cold . 
 she had no idea what came next . 
 but as she stared , she seemed to see the ghost of a child looking down from the top step . 
 a little girl wearing shorts , with wind-ruffled hair and a scab on her knee . 
 herself . 
 at age five . 
 it was almost like watching a movie . 
 she could see the little girl 's thongs flap as she ran down the stairs . 
 she could see the child 's lips open as she called for her grandfather , see the child standing in surprise at the bottom when he turned out not to be down here . 
 as long as jenny watched without trying to guide the images , the ghostly movie went on . 
 the little girl was looking around , green eyes opening wide as she realized that she was alone down here , a thing which had never happened before . 
 that 's right . 
 the door to the basement had always been locked when jenny 's grandfather was n't down there-but not that day . 
 jenny remembered the feeling of delicious wickedness at being where she was n't allowed to be . 
 but she could n't remember what happened next . 
 do n't try to remember . 
 you 're trying too hard . 
 relax and see what happens . 
 as soon as she did , she seemed to see the little girl again . 
 the ghostly image was standing uncertainly , swaying on her toes , considering whether to stay or go . 
 it was stay . 
 the child looked around with elaborate casualness , then , sucking on her lower lip and affecting an air of nonchalance , she wandered over to the first bookcase . 
 all right , jenny thought . 
 so let 's see what 's in the bookcase . 
 she followed the child 's image . 
 the little girl was idly running a grimy finger along a row of books-which , of course , she could n't read . 
 not even the titles . 
 but sixteen-year-old jenny could . 
 some of them looked fairly normal , like goethe 's faust and ufo 's : a new look . 
 but others were completely unfamiliar , like the qabalah and de occulta philosophia and the galdrabdk . 
 the little girl was moving on to the second bookcase , which held all sorts of objects . 
 one whole shelf was crowded with small wooden boxes with glass tops , filled with what looked like spices . 
 no-herbs , jenny thought . 
 dried herbs . 
 the little girl was running fascinated fingers over some balls of colored glass attached to strings . 
 sixteen-year-old jenny was more interested in the looped cross next to them-she was sure it was an ankh . 
 summer 's dad had said the ankh was an egyptian life symbol that kept away bad luck . 
 and that diamond-shaped thing made of yarn-that was a mexican eye of god . 
 a string design that was supposed to protect you from evil . 
 jenny 's mother had one in the kitchen , for decoration . 
 but what about the bracelet of cobalt and turquoise beads , alternating with little silver charms ? 
 and the gold-plated religious pictures ? 
 and the wooden flute wrapped in fur ? 
 ... items of protection ? 
 jenny thought . 
 she was n't sure what put the idea in her mind , but the longer she looked at the things in this bookcase , the more certain she felt . 
 but ... it was n't just this bookcase . 
 slowly jenny turned to look around the basement again . 
 all these things , all these beautiful , exotic things-could they all be for protection ? 
 who would need that much protection ? 
 and why ? 
 the little girl was fingering a large silver bell in the bookcase , but jenny 's eyes were drawn to a group of charts on the wall . 
 the theban alphabet , one was labeled , and underneath were strange symbols . 
 the alphabet of the magi . 
 the secret etruscan alphabet . 
 the celtic tree alphabet . 
 numerical values of the hebrew alphabet . 
 there was also a rather frightening engraving of a skeleton holding a raven on one bony hand . 
 the ghost child was moving again , wandering over to the large writing desk . 
 going on tiptoe in her thongs , she leaned her elbows on the felt desk pad . 
 jenny found herself looking down through a transparent blond head at the papers there . 
 lots of papers-which held no interest for the five-year-old jenny except that she was n't supposed to touch them . 
 intrinsic naughtiness was the fun . 
 sixteen-year-old jenny could read them . 
 one was a chart like those on the wall . 
 it was titled the elder futhark but jenny recognized the slanty , angular symbols . 
 runes . 
 like the ones she 'd seen on the drinking horns of the young men in the forest . 
 like the one on the inside cover of the white box . 
 each had its name written beside it in her grandfather 's strong black handwriting , with notes . 
 uruz , she read . 
 for piercing the veil between the worlds . 
 she recognized the inverted v shape , the two uneven horns pointing downward . 
 raidho-it was shaped like an r drawn without any curved lines-for journeying in space or time . 
 dagaz , which looked like an hourglass on its side . 
 for awakening . 
 one of the runes was circled with a thick pen stroke . 
 nauthiz , jenny read . 
 shaped like a backward-leaning x , with one stroke longer than the other . 
 for containment . 
 the last word was underlined heavily . 
 jenny took another slow look around the room . 
 oh , my god . 
 she could n't keep the truth away any longer . 
 she 'd been holding it at arm 's length , refusing to look at it , but now it burst on her with the force of absolute certainty . 
 there was no way to deny it . 
 oh , my god , he was a sorcerer . 
 her mother 's father had been a sorcerer . 
 do n't think about it ... do n't remember , the voice in her mind whispered . 
 nobody can make you remember . 
 stay safe behind your walls , or else ... it was going to be very bad from here on , she realized . 
 she had to remember-for tom . 
 but tom 's image eluded her . 
 so much had happened since she 'd seen him last night-could it only be last night ? 
 she 'd changed so much since then . 
 she tried to conjure up his rakish smile in her mind , his green-flecked eyes , but the picture she got was like a distant , faded photograph . 
 somebody she 'd known long ago . 
 god , i ca n't get any feeling for him . 
 her palms were tingling . 
 her stomach felt sick . 
 i still have to remember . 
 for dee . 
 for zach . 
 for audrey and michael-and summer . 
 yes . 
 for summer . 
 all the others had faced their nightmares . 
 even summer had tried . 
 pictures skittered through jenny 's mind : dee thrashing like an animal ; audrey huddled and moaning ; michael screaming ; summer 's blue-white lips ; zach 's glazed gray eyes . 
 they 'd all been terrified out of their wits . 
 was jenny 's nightmare any worse than theirs ? 
 yes , i think so , the little voice in her mind whispered , but jenny was n't listening anymore . 
 from do n't remember , do n't remember , the chant in her head had changed to remember , remember ... maybe this will help , she told herself rather calmly , and with a feeling of meeting her doom she picked up a leather-bound book on the desk . 
 it was a journal of sorts . 
 or at least a record of some kind of experiment . 
 her grandfather 's heavy black writing degenerated into a scrawl in places , but certain sentences stood out clearly as she leafed through . '' 
 ... out of all the methods from different cultures this one seems safest ... the rune nyd or nauthiz provides an eternal constraint , preventing travel in any direction ... the rune must be carved , then stained with blood , and finally charged with power by pronouncing its name aloud ... '' jenny flipped through more pages to a later entry . '' 
 ... interesting treatise on the traditional methods of dealing with a djinn , or , as the hausa call them , the aljunnu . 
 why anyone should think this could be accomplished with a bottle is beyond me ... i believe the space i 've prepared to be just barely sufficient for containing the tremendous energies involved ... . '' 
 good grief , he sounded just like a scientist . 
 a mad scientist , jenny thought . 
 she flipped more pages . '' 
 ... i have achieved the containment at last ! 
 i 'm very satisfied ... foolproof methods ... not the slightest danger ... the tremendous forces i 've harnessed ... all in complete safety . 
 ... '' toward the end there was something stuck in between the pages like a bookmark . 
 it was a torn sheet of yellowing , brittle paper . 
 it looked very old . 
 the writing on it was quite different from her grandfather 's - thin and shaky-and part of it was obscured by rusty-brown stains . 
 it was a poem . 
 there was no title , but the author 's name , johannes eckhart , and the date , 1943 , were scrawled at the top . 
 i , slipping on the slime-edged stones , to that dark place by rusty foxfire lit , where they lie watching , fingering old bones , go with my question . 
 deep into the pit of the black forest , where the erlking rules and truth is told but always at a cost , i take my puzzle . 
 like the other fools who 've slipped on these same stones and played and lost i come because i must . 
 i have no choice . 
 the game is timeless and ... the rest of it was covered with the dark stains , except for the last two lines : i leave them waiting there below . 
 i hear them laughing as i go . 
 jenny leaned back and let out her breath . 
 obviously this poem had impressed her grandfather enough for him to keep it for forty years . 
 she knew her grandfather had fought in world war ii-he 'd been a prisoner in a german pow camp . 
 maybe he 'd met this johannes eckhart then . 
 and maybe this johannes eckhart had started him thinking . 
 ... she had all the pieces of the puzzle now . 
 she just did n't want to put them together . 
 all she could think about was taking the next step in the drama she was playing out here . 
 the final step , she thought . 
 the ghostly child in the thongs had vanished ; the internal movie had stopped running . 
 but jenny did n't try to get it back . 
 she could feel the irresistible tug of real memory at last , and she knew what she had to do . 
 she stepped back to look at the third bookcase . 
 it was a massive one built of solid mahogany , and it usually stood against the same wall as the desk . 
 today it had been moved . 
 pulled out at an angle . 
 the dust pattern on the wall behind it showed clearly where it normally rested . 
 it had been moved to expose a door behind it . 
 jenny had n't noticed the door before because the case stuck out enough to block it . 
 you had to actually walk beyond the bookcase to get a good look . 
 that 's what jenny felt compelled to do now . 
 it was a perfectly ordinary-looking door . 
 probably leading to a closet . 
 the only strange thing about it was the huge backward-leaning x deeply carved into the wood . 
 carved and colored a rusty brown like the stains on the poem . 
 the internal movie had started up again , even though jenny did n't need or want it . 
 the ghostly little girl was standing in surprise in front of the door , swaying from one foot to the other . 
 obviously temptation was fighting with obedience-and winning . 
 the wind-ruffled hair was shaken back , the tanned legs flashed , two small hands grasped the doorknob-and the ghost disappeared . 
 and then i opened it , jenny thought . 
 but no image of opening it , or of what had happened after , would come to her mind . 
 she was going to have to find that out for herself . 
 all the way to the door her heart was thudding wild disapproval . 
 her body seemed to have more sense than she did . 
 no-don ` t-no-don ` t , no-don ` t-no-don ` t , her racing pulse said . 
 jenny took hold of the knob . 
 the thudding became a screaming . 
 no , do n't . 
 do n't - do n't - do n't ____ she flung open the door . 
 ice and shadows . 
 that was all she could see . 
 the closet was wide and very deep , and the inside of it was a whirling , seething mixture of white and black . 
 frost coated the walls , icicles hung like teeth from the ceiling . 
 a blast of freezing wind went straight through jenny , chilling her as if she 'd been plunged into arctic waters . 
 the tips of her fingers went numb , the skin shriveling . 
 it was so cold it stopped her breath . 
 it stopped her from moving . 
 the ice was so bright it blinded her . 
 she got just one glimpse of what was at the center of that whirlpool of light and dark . 
 eyes . 
 dark eyes , watching eyes , sardonic , cruel , amused eyes . 
 ancient eyes . 
 jenny recognized them . 
 they were the eyes she sometimes saw just at the moment of falling asleep or of waking up . 
 the eyes she saw at night in her room . 
 eyes in the shadows . 
 evil , malicious , knowing eyes . 
 one pair was an indescribably beautiful blue . 
 she did n't have the air to scream ; her lungs were rebelling against the freezing wind she was trying to draw into them . 
 but she had to scream-she had to do something-because they were coming out . 
 the eyes were coming out . 
 it was as if they were coming from very far away , rushing toward her , riding the storm . 
 she had to move-she had to run . 
 the glittery black eyes of the alien visitors , the slanted eyes of the dark elves-jenny had thought those were frightening , but they were nothing compared to this . 
 they were feeble , petty imitations . 
 no horror that human beings had invented to scare themselves came anywhere close . 
 vampires , aliens , werewolves , ghouls , they were all nothing . 
 stories made up to hide the real fear . 
 the terror that came in the darkness , the one that everyone knew about , and everyone forgot . 
 only sometimes , waking up between dreams , did the full realization hit . 
 and even then it was seldom remembered , and if it was remembered it was dismissed the next morning . 
 the knowledge could n't survive in daylight . 
 but at night sometimes people glimpsed the truth . 
 that humans were n't alone . 
 they shared the world with them . 
 the others . 
 the watchers . 
 the hunters . 
 the shadow men . 
 the ones who walked freely through the human world , and who had another world of their own . 
 they 'd been called different things in different ages , but their true nature always came through . 
 they granted favors-sometimes . 
 they always asked for something in return , usually more than you could afford . 
 they liked games , riddles , any kind of play . 
 but they were unreliable-whimsical . 
 they balanced any good they did with capricious evil . 
 they preyed on humans . 
 when people lost time , they were responsible . 
 when people disappeared , they were laughing . 
 people who got into their world usually did n't get back . 
 they had power . 
 trying to get a good look at them-or trap them-was always a bad idea . 
 even being too curious about them could kill you . 
 one more thing . 
 they were heartbreakingly beautiful . 
 all this passed through jenny 's mind in a matter of seconds . 
 she did n't need to reason it out . 
 she knew . 
 it was as if a crust had fallen away from her mind , and she saw the truth as a complete , coherent whole . 
 all she could think was , so that 's it . 
 i remember now . 
 the eyes were still rushing toward her . 
 her loose hair whipped around her face in the wind , her own breath coating it with ice . 
 she could n't move . 
 `` jenny ! '' 
 her name called in a terrible voice . 
 before she could turn , she was caught around the waist and lifted-lifted as if she were five years old and weighed thirty-seven pounds . 
 `` grandpa , '' she gasped and threw her arms around his neck . 
 he was smaller than she remembered , too-and just now his tired , kind face was etched in absolute horror . 
 jenny tried to cling to him , but he slung her around , thrusting her behind the bookcase . 
 `` nauthiz ! 
 nauthiz ! '' 
 he shouted . 
 he was trying to shut the door , tracing over the rune on the front with stabs of his finger . 
 his slashing motions as he traced the x became more and more violent , and his voice was the most dreadful thing jenny had ever heard . 
 `` nauthiz ! '' 
 the door would n't shut . 
 the old man 's shouts were becoming screams of despair . 
 a white light was coming from the closet . 
 a white storm , with tendrils and lashings of mist . 
 dark strands were interwoven with the white . 
 the tendrils were writhing around jenny 's grandfather . 
 jenny tried to scream . 
 she could n't . 
 the wind blasted out , blowing her grandfather 's sparse hair . 
 all his clothes were rippling . 
 frost flowed out on the ceiling , down to the desk , to the ground-level windows . 
 it spread like crystals growing along the walls . 
 tears froze in jenny 's eyes . 
 she seemed to be locked in the form of a stricken five-year-old . 
 she could n't make herself go to him . 
 the voices that spoke from the mist were as cold as the wind . 
 like bells made of ice . 
 `` we wo n't be put back ____ '' `` you know the laws ... . '' 
 `` we have a claim , now ... . '' 
 and her grandfather 's voice , full of desperate fear . 
 `` anything else . 
 you can have anything else - '' `` she broke the rune ____ '' '' ... set us free ... '' '' ... and we want her . '' 
 `` give her to us . '' 
 this was all the voices together . 
 `` i ca n't ! '' 
 her grandfather said . 
 it was almost a groan . 
 `` then we 'll take her ____ '' `` we 'll embrace her ____ '' `` no , let 's keep her , '' said a voice full of subtle , elemental music . 
 like water running over rock . 
 `` i want her . '' 
 `` we all want her ____ '' '' ... we 're all hungry . '' 
 `` no , '' said jenny 's grandfather . 
 a voice like an ice floe cracking said , `` there 's only one way to change the consequences . 
 make a new bargain . '' 
 jenny 's grandfather 's jaw worked , and he backed away from the closet a few steps . 
 `` you mean ... '' `` a life for a life . '' 
 `` someone must take her place . '' 
 `` come now , that 's only fair . '' 
 the voices were delicate , reasonable . 
 evil . 
 only the water-voice seemed to have an objection . 
 `` i want her ... . '' 
 it argued . 
 `` ah , youth , '' said a voice as slow as a glacier , and all of them laughed like christmas bells . 
 `` i 'm ready , '' said jenny 's grandfather . 
 `` no ! '' 
 jenny screamed . 
 she could move at last-but it was too late . 
 she remembered everything now . 
 she had been cowering behind the bookcase , her five-year-old mind probably better able to deal with the reality of the shadow men than an adult 's . 
 they were the monsters that scare every five-year-old . 
 the bogeymen . 
 the bad things . 
 and they were taking her grandfather . 
 she 'd jumped up then and run , as she was running now . 
 toward the closet . 
 toward the white tendrils of mist that were coiling around her grandfather , toward the ice storm of eyes . 
 she 'd heard her grandfather screaming that day as the storm dragged him into the closet . 
 she 'd reached for him , catching his flailing hand . 
 she 'd been screaming , too , just as she was screaming now , and the freezing wind had been howling around her , full of angry , evil , ravenous voices . 
 for one instant , then as now , it had been a horrible tug-of-war . 
 she , jenny , clinging on to her grandfather 's hand with all her strength . 
 they , in the ice storm , pulling him away . 
 into the depths of a closet that had become endless , a tunnel reaching to some other world . 
 she could never hope to stop them , of course . 
 she succeeded only in being dragged along the floor , her clothes torn , her shoes lost , her bare feet raking up ice . 
 they were both going in . 
 then her grandfather slapped her hands away . 
 hitting and scratching , he tore out of her grip . 
 jenny fell on the floor , the ice cold under her bare legs . 
 she was directly in front of the closet , and she had a perfect view of the screaming , whirling pin-wheel that had been a man , disappearing into a white cloud which got smaller and smaller as if speeding away and finally disappeared itself , becoming a closet wall . 
 then the shrieking wind stopped and the room was empty and jenny was sobbing alone in the silence . 
 `` jenny ? '' 
 dee 's voice said hesitantly . 
 `` jenny , are you okay ? '' 
 i 've had such a strange dream , jenny thought , but when she lifted her face from her hands , it was real . 
 she was sitting on the floor of her grandfather 's basement , in a puddle of icy-cold water . 
 dee , audrey , zach , and michael were standing in another puddle , looking at her . 
 `` i found these three in the hallway , '' zach said . 
 `` we fell down a shaft , '' michael said . 
 `` this hole just opened up in front of us . 
 it took us all the way back to the first floor . '' 
 `` it was a chute , '' said dee . 
 `` i fell down it , too , and then we had to walk back up here . '' 
 `` we followed your crayon trail , and it ended at a door , '' zach finished . 
 `` we pressed the button and ... '' `` it let us in , '' audrey said crisply , when he stopped . 
 `` but it looks like something 's already happened . '' 
 `` my nightmare , '' jenny said . 
 she was having a very hard time bringing herself back to the present . 
 the five-year-old in her mind seemed more real than the sixteen-year-old these people were talking to . 
 dee and michael and audrey looked like strangers . 
 not zach , because zach had been there when she was five . 
 zach , maybe , understood this . 
 in any case he knelt on the floor beside her , ignoring the water soaking into his jeans . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he said , his gray eyes steady . 
 `` i lost , '' jenny said dully , feeling strangely removed from everything . 
 `` i screwed up . 
 i could n't save him . 
 i lost . '' 
 `` it 's something about grandpa evenson , is n't it ? '' 
 `` what do you know about it ? '' 
 zach hesitated , then , looking her directly in the face , he said , `` only what my parents told me . 
 they say he-went crazy that day . 
 tried to-well , hurt you . '' 
 jenny was shocked out of her apathy . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` they found you here , in the basement , with your clothes all torn and your arms all scratched . 
 your legs and feet were bleeding ... '' `` from the ice , '' jenny whispered . 
 `` i got dragged through the ice . 
 and he scratched my hands to make me let him go . 
 they were taking him . 
 he let them take him instead of me . '' 
 then , suddenly , she was sobbing again . 
 she felt a movement , then a slender , hard arm around her . 
 dee . 
 a rustle and a cool hand on her wrist . 
 audrey , heedless of her fancy clothes . 
 an awkward , warm grip from behind on her shoulder . 
 michael , they were all around her , all trying to help . 
 `` you went through our nightmares with all of us , '' audrey said softly . 
 `` it 's not fair you had to face yours alone . '' 
 jenny shook her head . 
 `` you do n't understand . 
 all of you had nightmares about things you were scared might happen . 
 mine did happen-because of me . 
 it was real . 
 it was my fault . '' 
 `` tell us , '' dee said , her face stern and beautiful . 
 `` he was a sorcerer , '' jenny said . 
 she looked at zach . 
 `` you mean , all this time everybody thought he tried to hurt me ? '' 
 `` what were they supposed to think ? '' 
 zach said . 
 `` you were here , practically in a coma . 
 you screamed if anyone tried to touch you , but you would n't talk . 
 and he was gone . 
 they figured he ran away when he realized what he tried to do . 
 and when they looked around at this place '' - zach looked around the basement himself and snorted - `` well , they knew he was crazy . 
 paranoid . 
 because all this junk turned out to be - '' `` charms for protection , '' jenny said . 
 `` right . 
 i mean , what kind of nut collects thousands of those from all over the world ? 
 and he had piles of books on the occult , all kinds of garbage ____ '' `` he was a sorcerer , '' jenny said again . 
 `` not a black one . 
 maybe not a white one , either , but not black . 
 he was n't trying to do evil . 
 he was just-a little bit naive . 
 he did n't allow for accidents happening ... like a five-year-old coming down here on a day he did n't expect her , and opening a door she knew she should n't touch . '' 
 `` that door ? '' 
 dee looked at the empty closet . 
 jenny nodded . 
 `` but what was in the closet ? 
 a monster ? '' 
 `` julian . '' 
 they all stared at her . 
 jenny swallowed the bad taste in her mouth . 
 `` my grandfather wanted-well , the same thing those german boys in the forest wanted , i guess . '' 
 she looked at audrey . 
 `` power . 
 or maybe he was just curious . 
 he knew there were-things - out in the darkness , and he caught some . 
 maybe he used runes to summon them up , i do n't know . 
 but i know he used a rune to hold them . 
 on that door . '' 
 `` and just what , '' michael said , his voice unusually grim , `` would you call the things he caught ? '' 
 `` aliens , '' jenny said , looking at dee . 
 `` dark elves , '' she said , looking at audrey . 
 `` demons , '' she said , turning around to face michael . 
 `` the shadow men , '' she said to zach . 
 dee hissed softly in comprehension . 
 once started , jenny could n't seem to stop . 
 `` dakaki . 
 the erlking . 
 the old gods . 
 the fairy folk ... '' `` okay , '' michael said huskily . 
 `` enough , already . '' 
 `` they 're real , '' jenny said . 
 `` they 've always been here-like genies , you know ? 
 the old name for a genie was djinn , and in his notes my grandfather called them aljunnu . 
 djinn-aljunnu-julian-get it ? 
 it was a joke . 
 they like to play with us ... '' her voice was rising . 
 she felt herself gripped from all sides , but she went on . 
 `` he was keeping them trapped-but i let them out , and that changed everything . 
 they said they had the right to take me . 
 but he went instead . 
 he did it for me . '' 
 she stopped . 
 `` if we 're going to get through this , '' dee said , `` we 've got to be strong . 
 we 've got to stand together . 
 all right ? '' 
 `` right , '' audrey said , the first to confirm it . 
 looking down , jenny saw audrey 's perfectly polished nails entwined with dee 's slender dark fingers . 
 both holding on to each other , to jenny . 
 `` right , '' zach said with no hesitation , no distance in his winter-gray eyes . 
 his long-fingered artist 's hand came down over dee 's and audrey 's . 
 `` right , '' whispered michael , and he gripped zach 's hand with his own square pudgy fingers , unembarrassed . 
 `` but there 's nothing to do , '' jenny said , almost crying again . 
 `` he won . 
 i lost . 
 i did n't make it through my nightmare . 
 that door '' - nodding at the closet one - `` was always here . 
 it 's not the way out . '' 
 `` what about that one ? '' 
 michael said , standing back and looking up the stairs . 
 jenny had to move around the bookcase to see it . 
 instead of the blank wall she had seen earlier at the top of the staircase , there was a door . 
 directly above them-in the room above-a clock struck five . 
 `` you must have done something right , '' dee said . 
 jenny 's skirt was clammy , clinging to her legs . 
 her hair , she knew , was in complete disarray . 
 she was exhausted and still shaking inside , and it seemed like years since she had slept . 
 `` i 'll go first , '' she said and led them up the stairs , trying to look like dee , proud as a princess . 
 she found her slip of paper on the top step and stepped on it . 
 `` if that 's the turret-the top of the house-we 've won , '' audrey said . 
 `` right ? '' 
 somehow jenny did n't think it was going to be that easy . 
 she twisted the knob and pushed , and the door swung back on oiled hinges . 
 they all stepped into the room above . 
 it was much larger than any turret could possibly be . 
 it was the more games store . 
 well , more or less , jenny thought . 
 there were the same shelves and racks and tables with the same uncanny games on them . 
 there was the same small window-quite dark-and the same lamps with shades of purple and red and blue glass . 
 but there were differences , too . 
 one was the grandfather clock standing near a corner , ticking loudly and steadily . 
 the other was tom . 
 jenny ran to him . 
 he was huddled against the clock , chained to it somehow . 
 her mind registered fury at the humiliation of that , then went on to more important things . 
 `` tommy , '' she said , reaching with both hands for him . 
 he turned weakly , and jenny was shocked . 
 there were no bruises on his face , but he looked-ravaged . 
 his skin was unhealthily pale , and there were black circles under his eyes . 
 he gave her the ghost of his own rakish smile . 
 `` hey , thorny , '' he said painfully . 
 jenny put her face against his shoulder and cried . 
 the faded-photograph memory had disappeared . 
 what jenny remembered now was the day of their first kiss , in second grade , behind the hibiscus bushes at george washington elementary school . 
 they 'd both gotten detention , but it had been worth it . 
 that kiss , she thought . 
 everything innocent . 
 everything sweet . 
 tom had n't been arrogant , then , had n't taken anything for granted . 
 tom had loved her . 
 `` tommy , '' she said . 
 `` i missed you so much . 
 what did he do to you ? '' 
 tom shook his head . 
 `` hardly anything ... i do n't understand . 
 there were the rats '' - his haunted eyes skittered around the floor - `` but they 're gone now . '' 
 rats . 
 so that was what tom had seen in the parlor-the invisible things that had tried to climb up his legs . 
 in second grade tom had owned a turtle , and his older brother greg had owned a pet rat . 
 one morning they woke up to find that the rat had eaten the turtle-eaten it right out of the shell . 
 i knew how upset that made him-how much he hated rats after that , jenny thought . 
 why did n't i realize what they were in the parlor ? 
 because it had n't seemed bad enough . 
 tom had been so afraid . 
 but one thing jenny had learned : everybody 's nightmare was scariest to them . 
 you had to see it with them , get into their shoes , to understand just how scary . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered . 
 `` but , oh , tom , your wrists - '' they were torn , bleeding . 
 he was wearing shackles like the kind his brother bruce used in police work . 
 the rest of him was wrapped up like marley 's ghost . 
 `` i kept trying to get away , '' he said . 
 `` not because of the rats . 
 because i saw you . 
 he would come and hold up a mirror , and i could see you and what was happening to you . 
 i saw you go through everything . 
 when summer died ... '' he stopped to get control of himself , his face twisting . 
 saw we ? 
 jenny thought in horror . 
 pictures of what tom might have seen when she and julian were together flashed through her mind . 
 then she felt a backwash of relief . 
 if julian had been standing here holding a mirror , he must have been showing tom the times when he-julian-wasn ' t with jenny . 
 still , she had to know . 
 `` did you ever see-him-in the mirror ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but he told me-he told me he was doing things to you . 
 to all of you . 
 he laughed about it . '' 
 jenny gripped both his hands . 
 `` do n't you worry about him , tom . 
 he ca n't hurt us anymore . 
 we 're free , tom-we 've won . 
 now we just need to find the way out of here . '' 
 tom looked at her , then nodded behind her . 
 jenny turned . 
 she 'd missed it before , because tom had so quickly captured her attention . 
 there was a door , just like the door in the more games store that led out onto montevideo street . 
 but this door was partly open , showing darkness outside . 
 standing before it , completely blocking the way , were a giant coiled snake and a large wolf . 
 `` the creeper and the lurker . 
 at last , '' dee said . 
 `` just a slight problem , '' michael said nervously . 
 they were n't real animals exactly-they looked more as if they 'd been painted with luminous paint on the darkness . 
 like some special effect zach might make for a photo . 
 but the wolf breathed and the snake 's fluorescent tongue flicked in and out . 
 jenny felt sure that they could move-and do harm . 
 she fingered tom 's chains . 
 `` he has to let us go . 
 the rules were that if we got to the top of the house , we could go free . '' 
 `` not exactly , '' the liquid , elemental voice said from the back of the store . 
 he was dressed the way he had been in the more games store , in that weird combination of cyberpunk and byronic poet . 
 the snake tattoo was back on his wrist . 
 he looked as laconic as he had in the store , and as beautiful . 
 his hair was like moonstone , white with a shimmery blue glow inside . 
 in this dim light his eyes were midnight blue . 
 he looked-charming , sinister , and slightly mad . 
 a demon prince with the face of an angel . 
 jenny was suddenly very frightened . 
 and much more alert . 
 seeing julian cleared the cobwebs out of your brain instantly . 
 she straightened her back , still kneeling . 
 the others were gathering themselves , too . 
 what light there was caught zach 's light hair and the gold clasp of audrey 's brunetti calfskin belt . 
 jenny could see by their faces that they knew julian better now-not because they 'd seen him in the game but because they understood what he was . 
 julian smiled his strange , sweet smile . 
 `` you all wanted to know who i am . 
 well , i 'll give you a final riddle , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm a visitor from the stars . 
 i 'm the erlking . 
 i 'm loki . 
 i 'm puck . 
 i 'm the hunter . 
 i 'm the shadow man . 
 i 'm your nightmares come true . '' 
 `` we figured that out , '' jenny said , quietly , steadily . 
 `` and we played your game and won . 
 now we want to go home . '' 
 `` you did n't let me finish , '' julian said , turning the smile on her . 
 `` do you remember , when you first came in the game store , i showed you the ancient tibetan game of goats and tigers ? '' 
 he gestured , one of his easy , flowing motions , and jenny saw the bronze board on a table . 
 tiny figures , also bronze , sat on it somewhat like chess pieces . 
 `` well , that 's what you 've really been playing , '' julian said , and at the sound of his voice jenny felt the walls closing in . 
 he smiled at her particularly . 
 `` you are all the innocent little goats ... and i 'm the tiger . '' 
 tom 's hands were gripping jenny 's numbingly . 
 dee was in the forward stance , left leg forward , right leg back , ready for action . 
 zach looked bleak , and audrey and michael had moved closer together . 
 `` you did n't really think , '' julian said to jenny , `` that i would let you go . '' 
 jenny felt dizzy . 
 smothering . 
 `` you said ... you were playing the game fairly , '' she got out , with barely the breath to say it . 
 `` you promised me - '' `` i 'm not hidebound by tradition . 
 and i am playing fairly-i said if you got to the turret before dawn , you 'd find the door home standing open . 
 it is open-it 's just that i wo n't let you get to it . '' 
 jenny looked at the animals guarding the door . 
 what could even dee do to fight them ? 
 `` by the way , tommy , here , has n't even faced his real nightmare yet . 
 but there 'll be plenty of time . 
 we 've got something like eternity ahead of us , you know , '' julian said . 
 his eyes were like liquid cobalt - and ravenous . 
 hungrier than the wolf 's as he looked at jenny and tom together there . 
 god help me , jenny thought . 
 please , someone help . 
 she looked at tom , but tom was looking at julian , with such hatred and fury that it made jenny afraid for him . 
 `` then this whole ` game ' has been a farce , '' tom said , almost spitting the words . 
 his hazel eyes were burning . 
 julian spread his hands and inclined his head slightly-almost a bow . 
 as if someone had complimented him on a job well done . 
 but it was jenny he spoke to . 
 `` i told you i 'd do whatever was necessary to get you . 
 at first i was sure you 'd lose the game-most people do . 
 then , when i saw you had a chance of winning , i figured i could make you turn to me for help . 
 but you would n't . 
 she 's very strong , you know , '' he added , flicking a heavy-lidded glance at tom . 
 `` much too good for you . '' 
 `` i know , '' tom said , and jenny looked at him , astonished . 
 `` but she 's a thousand times too good for you . '' 
 `` i want her for goodness ' sake , '' julian said and smiled . 
 `` light to my darkness . 
 you 'll see-tommy . 
 you 'll have years and years and years to see how well she and i fit together . '' 
 he turned back to jenny . 
 `` in any case , you 've gotten this far , and i 'm afraid i have to tell you the truth . 
 which is that the whole game has been just-a game . 
 the kind a cat plays with a mouse . '' 
 `` before eating it ? '' 
 dee said in a voice like a knife . 
 julian barely glanced back at her . 
 `` i 'm only hungry for one thing at the moment , deirdre . 
 but my friends by the door have strange appetites . 
 i would n't go near them if i were you . 
 and of course there are all the other shadow men-all my elders , those ancient , bone-sucking , lip-licking wraiths-they 'd all like to get hold of you . 
 this house keeps them outside-but you would n't get far if you opened a window . '' 
 jenny felt the trembling in tom 's clenched fists and bowed her head . 
 she was thinking of the poem in her grandfather 's room . 
 like the other fools/who 've slipped on these same stones and played and lost . . 
 did everyone lose to the shadow men ? 
 the dice are loaded , she thought . 
 you ca n't win . 
 all bets are off . 
 `` they 'd love to sink a tooth in you , '' julian was saying to dee . 
 `` do you know you 're the image of ankhesenamun , one of the greatest beauties of egypt ? '' 
 even as he spoke , dee snapped her right leg up in a high kick , pulling her toes back at the last minute to deliver a devastating blow with the heel . 
 at least , that was how it should have happened . 
 julian , with the reflexes of a rattlesnake , caught her foot as it came at him and jerked up , flinging dee on her back . 
 `` rule one in this game , '' julian said , smiling . 
 `` do n't mess with me . 
 i 'll beat you every time . '' 
 dee got up , obviously in pain-there was no way to break a fall like that-and julian turned back to jenny . 
 jenny met his ravenous eyes and felt something inside her change forever . 
 `` let the others go , '' she said clearly and softly , `` and i 'll stay with you . '' 
 julian stared at her . 
 everyone stared at her . 
 then somebody-she thought it was michael-started to laugh . 
 julian smiled , very slightly , just one corner of his lip up . 
 not an amused smile . 
 his eyes had gone the blue of gas flames . 
 `` i see , '' he said . 
 jenny detached her hands from tom 's . 
 she stood up . 
 `` i 'm serious . 
 let them go ... and i 'll stay ... of my own free will . 
 and you know what that means . '' 
 she was thinking of the darkroom , of the boy masquerading as her cousin who 'd held her in his arms . 
 the boy she 'd kissed-of her own free will . 
 she was hoping julian remembered , too . 
 she thought he did . 
 he looked intrigued . 
 a strange , sensuous smile curved his lips . 
 `` willingly ? '' 
 he repeated , as if testing the word . 
 `` willingly . '' 
 `` no ... '' tom whispered . 
 `` willingly , '' jenny repeated , looking only at julian . 
 julian looked charmed-but wary . 
 `` you 'd have to make a promise-seal the bond . 
 in a way that could n't be broken . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she could see she 'd startled him . 
 he 'd expected her to play for time , to argue . 
 did n't he understand that she 'd changed ? 
 she raised her eyebrows at him , ironically . 
 `` the sooner the better , '' she said . 
 julian blinked , then said slowly , `` beautiful deirdre can leave , and audrey . 
 so can zach and michael . 
 but tommy stays . 
 i 'll keep him as a hostage for your good behavior . '' 
 looking up at him , jenny felt her lip twitch , not quite a smile . 
 `` i do n't think you 'll need that . 
 ... '' `` all the same . '' 
 `` all right . 
 it does n't matter to me . '' 
 then , stepping close to him , she spoke quietly , for his ears alone . 
 `` julian , do n't you know that i 've changed ? 
 ca n't you see that ? 
 i still care about tom , but ... it 's not the same . 
 he 'd seem tame after you . 
 anything would seem tame after you . '' 
 his eyes widened slightly in fascination . 
 jenny took a deep breath . 
 `` i probably would have come to you a lot earlier if you 'd just straight out asked me . 
 did n't that ever occur to you ? 
 that you could just appear at my front door , no games , no threats , and just ask me ? '' 
 he looked disconcerted . 
 `` not exactly . 
 ... '' `` you 're too cynical . 
 do you know , i think the way you look at things has made you blind . 
 you 've gotten so hardened that you think you have to fight the universe to get what you want . 
 to-sort of wrestle it out of people . '' 
 `` and-don ' t i ? '' 
 `` not always , '' jenny said . 
 meeting his gaze directly , she said , `` sometimes there 's a much simpler solution . 
 there are some things you ca n't force , julian , and you ca n't buy them , either . 
 they have to be given , for free . 
 that 's what i want to give you . '' 
 his fascination was complete . 
 `` then promise yourself to me , '' he said , and with a motion like a sleight-of-hand trick , he held something between his fingers . 
 a gold circlet . 
 jenny reached for it automatically , taking it between forefinger and thumb . 
 it was a simple ring , with a design she could n't quite make out on the outside . 
 inside the band something was written in fancy script . 
 she tilted the ring toward one of the small lamps . 
 all i refuse and thee i chuse , she read . 
 `` put this on your finger and you 're sworn mine , '' julian said . 
 `` no way to break the promise , no way to change the bond . 
 it 's a short ceremony . 
 do you want to go through with it ? '' 
 `` yes , '' jenny said . 
 audrey gasped . 
 `` jenny-for god 's sake . '' 
 jenny did n't look at her . 
 tom made some movement . 
 jenny did n't look his way , either . 
 `` jenny ... '' dee whispered . 
 `` it 's not worth it . 
 i know your promises-you keep them . 
 you 'll be trapped . 
 do n't do it for us . '' 
 jenny turned , then . 
 she looked straight into the dark eyes with the slightly amber-tinted whites . 
 `` dee ... i 'm sorry . 
 i know you do n't understand-and i ca n't explain it to you . 
 but please believe me , i 'm staying because i want to . 
 audrey , ca n't you understand ? '' 
 audrey slowly shook her copper head , highlights flaring . 
 `` i do n't have a lot of real friends , '' she said . 
 `` i do n't want to lose you . '' 
 `` you 're going to anyway , '' jenny said . 
 `` this way is just easier on everyone . 
 and i want to stay . 
 i swear i do . '' 
 dee had been staring at jenny hard . 
 now , abruptly , her ebony face went blank . 
 walled off . 
 utterly without expression . 
 `` that 's right , '' she said . 
 `` you have to look out for number one . '' 
 she nodded at jenny , face grim , eyes meeting jenny 's directly . 
 `` go ahead , sunshine . 
 good luck . '' 
 jenny nodded back . 
 if it had n't been manifestly impossible , she would have said the glitter in dee 's eyes was tears . 
 she turned back to julian , who took the ring from her . 
 `` a short ceremony , '' he said again . 
 `` give me your hand . '' 
 a stained-glass lampshade threw blue and purple light over him . 
 jenny gave him her hand , felt that his was as cool as hers . 
 `` oh , do n't , '' audrey said , as if involuntarily . 
 jenny did n't move . 
 `` seventeenth-century poesy ring , used to be given as tokens between lovers , '' julian explained , holding up the gold circlet . 
 `` with the inscription on the inside . 
 it means you refuse all the world except the one who gives it to you . 
 the words touch your skin and bind you with their power . '' 
 jenny smiled at him . 
 tom stood slowly , his chains scraping up the sides of the clock with a sound like ball bearings rolling on wood . 
 julian ignored everything but jenny . 
 `` now you repeat after me . 
 but remember-the promise is irrevocable . '' 
 with a slight , grave formality , he said , as if quoting : `` this ring , the symbol of my oath , will hold me to the words i speak : all i refuse and thee i choose . '' 
 jenny repeated the words and felt the cool band slide onto her finger . 
 then she looked at it . 
 it shone with a rich , warm light , as if it had always been there . 
 `` now if we seal the bargain with a kiss , it becomes irrevocable , '' julian said again , looking down at her . 
 as if giving her a last chance to back out . 
 the circlet burned on jenny 's finger like cold fire . 
 jenny turned her face up . 
 she did n't have to go far on tiptoe to kiss him . 
 it was a soft kiss , but not a quick one . 
 julian was the one who lifted his head from it . 
 `` sworn mine , '' he whispered . 
 `` now and forever . '' 
 the violence came from an unexpected quarter . 
 `` no , '' said zachary , surging forward as if he was going to attack julian . 
 julian did n't even bother to look at him . 
 zach slammed into an invisible wall and fell back into dee . 
 jenny did turn , to look at all of them . 
 audrey and zach and dee and michael . 
 her friends . 
 `` i knew you would n't like this - '' she began , but zach interrupted her . 
 he was on his feet again , gray eyes flashing in a way jenny had never seen , face more intense than ever . 
 `` how could you ? '' 
 he burst out . 
 he seemed as angry on tom 's behalf as if he himself were being betrayed . 
 `` how could you ? '' 
 `` leave her alone , '' michael said shortly . 
 jenny could see his opinion in his dark spaniel eyes-mike thought she was making the best of a very bad situation . 
 he did n't blame her for it . 
 `` what do you want her to do ? '' 
 he said , and zach shook his head in contempt . 
 `` not go willingly , '' he said . 
 `` not give in-to that . '' 
 tom was watching it all with blank eyes . 
 jenny could barely make herself look at him , but she did . 
 `` i 'm sorry , tommy , '' she said . 
 she saw his face twist slightly , and for a terrible moment she thought he was going to cry . 
 then he shrugged . 
 `` i suppose it had to happen . 
 that 's the name of the game , is n't it ? '' 
 he said , looking at julian . 
 julian gave him an odd smile , and jenny realized they were talking about something she did n't understand . 
 `` i keep my promises , too , '' he said . 
 `` all of them . '' 
 jenny touched his sleeve . 
 his face changed as he turned toward her , as if he were forgetting everyone else in the room . 
 `` the ceremony 's done , '' he said . 
 `` we 're promised . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 jenny let out a deep breath . 
 the ring made a little weight on her finger , but she felt very light , very free . 
 she spoke calmly and casually , as if she were organizing a picnic or a redecorating project . 
 something that had to be done fast , but right . 
 `` let the others go now , julian . 
 i wish you 'd let tom go , too-but if not , ca n't you please make him more comfortable ? 
 i think in a few days you 'll realize you do n't need a hostage to keep me behaving . '' 
 he was searching her face , as if stricken by doubt for the first time . 
 `` jenny-you really want to stay here ? 
 it 's going to be strange for you c c '' `` that is the understatement of the century . '' 
 she looked up at him and spoke freely . 
 `` i only hope to god we can get a different view out the parlor window . 
 but , yes , i want to stay . 
 i never realized how much more there was to life than what i was getting . 
 now that i 've seen it , i ca n't go back . 
 i 'm not the same person i was before . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` no . 
 in less than twelve hours you 've changed . 
 you 've become ... '' jenny raised her eyebrows . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'll tell you later . 
 i 'll enjoy telling you , taking a long time to do it . '' 
 he turned . 
 `` you can all go . '' 
 jenny heard tom 's chains rattle and clank to the floor . 
 out of the corner of her eye , she saw him hold his hands up , free . 
 `` out ! '' 
 julian said with a snap of his fingers . 
 for an instant jenny thought he meant it for dee and the others , but then the phantom wolf , which had been bristling , lowered its head and slunk off . 
 straight through the wall , apparently . 
 the luminous snake slithered and poured itself through the floor . 
 some compartment in jenny 's mind noticed with awe how long that took , how much length there was to pour . 
 the door home stood open , unguarded . 
 from this angle jenny could see the rune uruz on it , the inverted u flaring fire-red with power . 
 through the door-and through the small window-she could see midnight blue . 
 she glanced at the clock , which was still ticking away . 
 5:50 a.m. dawn was coming fast . 
 `` go on , '' julian said , as if eager to be rid of them . 
 `` not without jenny , '' dee said . 
 michael , jenny thought , was surprised . 
 he looked at dee , opened his mouth . 
 zach 's mouth was curled angrily . 
 audrey was shaking her head in doubt . 
 tom just stood . 
 jenny looked away . 
 julian 's voice was impatient . 
 `` well , go , stay , do whatever you want , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll leave you to argue it out . 
 but , remember , that door closes at dawn . 
 six-eleven sharp . 
 if you 're still inside , you 're here for good-and i might not be in the mood for company . '' 
 he turned to jenny . 
 `` this place is crowded . '' 
 `` i know . 
 there 's a couch downstairs . 
 we can sit on it and get acquainted . '' 
 they went . 
 the sofa in jenny 's grandfather 's basement was shabby and lumpy but wide and very soft . 
 it sank under their weight . 
 jenny found it odd to be sitting beside julian like this , with no animosity , no need to pull away . 
 no battles to fight . 
 it was a very private place . 
 she knew the others would n't open the stairway door and come down , or even look in before they left the shadow house . 
 julian 's warning about not wanting company was sufficient . 
 they all knew what he could do . 
 she looked up at him , to find him looking at her . 
 so close . 
 his eyes the color of a may morning . 
 very deep , but very gentle . 
 she could feel his hunger . 
 and could feel herself trembling slightly . 
 her nerves jangling with excitement-and fear . 
 but he did n't even touch her , at first . 
 he just looked at her , with an expression she 'd never seen on his face before . 
 a look of wonder . 
 the tenderness she 'd seen when he was impersonating zach . 
 `` are you frightened ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` a little . '' 
 she was trying not to show it . 
 she said lightly , `` so you 're the youngest shadow man . '' 
 `` and the nicest . '' 
 `` i believe that , '' jenny said earnestly . 
 he did touch her , then , fingers light on her hair . 
 jenny felt the little inner stillness , the change in perception that comes before response . 
 she shut her eyes and told herself not to think , not to feel anything but the featherlike touch . 
 the lighter it was , the more it moved her . 
 she was surprised when it stopped . 
 she opened her eyes-and was even more surprised at the anger in his face . 
 for an instant jenny was really frightened , and the reality of what she was doing came home to her . 
 then she saw that julian was n't angry at her but-for her . 
 `` you 're so-innocent , '' he said . 
 `` that boyfriend of yours , that-tommy , that spoiled , swaggering-he never thought about you , did he ? 
 only about himself . 
 and he botched it . 
 i 'd like to kill him . '' 
 this was n't at all what jenny wanted to think about . 
 she started to say so , but julian was going on , his eyes full of wild blue light . 
 `` you want to watch out for that cousin of yours , too . 
 he really does think about you , you know . 
 i took that impression from life . '' 
 knowing it was completely inappropriate , jenny burst into slightly hysterical , but genuine laughter . '' 
 ... you 're jealous , '' she said , when she could get her breath . 
 `` of zach . 
 zach does n't like people , only lenses and things . '' 
 the dark look disappeared from his face . 
 `` it does n't matter , '' he said . 
 `` he wo n't be able to get at you here . 
 no one will , ever . 
 i 'll keep you safe . 
 ... '' jenny reached for him and lightly pressed her lips to his . 
 he forgot about talking , then , and kissed back-such a soft kiss , his warm lips barely brushing hers . 
 but the soft kisses developed into slow shivery kisses and then into white-hot ones . 
 she was still afraid of him , even as she clung to him-was it true that fear had to be a part of passion ? 
 everywhere he touched she felt fire and ice . 
 upstairs , the clock struck six . 
 jenny pulled away from julian , reluctantly . 
 `` i have to breathe , '' she whispered . 
 she shook herself a little , then stood up . 
 `` things are happening so fast . '' 
 he smiled as she walked around , getting her breath back , feeling her flushed cheeks cool . 
 she could n't look at him right now ; she needed to regain her composure . 
 scarcely seeing it , she fingered the cobalt bracelet on the shelf . 
 `` why did you let me through my nightmare ? '' 
 she said abruptly . 
 `` sentimental reasons ? '' 
 `` not at all . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i did play the game fairly . 
 i do n't lie , even if i sometimes-withhold information . 
 your nightmare was remembering what happened that day . 
 you could n't see it , but the door appeared as soon as you remembered opening the closet . '' 
 `` oh , '' jenny said softly . 
 `` the closet . '' 
 then she added , `` what did he want from you ? 
 my grandfather ? '' 
 `` what everybody else wants . 
 power , knowledge-the easy way . 
 a free ride . '' 
 `` and runes really work , '' jenny said , shaking her head slightly in wonder . 
 `` a lot of things work . 
 a lot of things do n't . 
 people ca n't tell which are which until they try them-and then they 're usually surprised . '' 
 jenny went over to the closet , looked inside . 
 he followed , standing beside her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' jenny said quietly , without looking at him . 
 `` i 'm sorry he did it . 
 he was n't a bad man . '' 
 then she turned . 
 `` i can hardly believe he kept you here . '' 
 `` believe it , '' julian said grimly . 
 jenny shook her head . 
 `` i 'll always love him . 
 but he was wrong to do what he did . '' 
 she stepped into the closet . 
 `` not as small as it looks . '' 
 `` small enough . '' 
 he stepped in , too , looked around . 
 `` this place brings up bad memories . '' 
 `` see if we ca n't make a better one . '' 
 she smiled up at him , backed up against one wall . 
 he turned and smiled down at her . 
 in the confined space they were very close . 
 jenny stood shyly , one leg crossed behind the other . 
 he bent his head again , his mouth warm and demanding . 
 jenny gave herself up to it , and the kiss opened like a slow-blooming flower . 
 became so breathless and urgent that jenny could n't break it , even though she knew she had to . 
 she kept thinking , just one more minute , just one more minute ... it was julian who pulled back . 
 `` it 's rather uncomfortable in here . '' 
 `` do you think so ? '' 
 she smiled up at him , breath slowing . 
 `` definitely . '' 
 `` well , then , i suppose we could - '' now , she thought . 
 in the middle of her sentence she moved . 
 she had been standing in the cross stance , a kung fu stance dee had taught her . 
 good for instant lateral movement . 
 now , in a split second , she used the power of her left leg to throw her to the right , vaulting out of the closet . 
 in the same motion she slammed shut the door . 
 `` nauthiz ! '' 
 she shouted . 
 she slashed the x in the air . 
 as she shouted it , the rune flashed brightly on the closet door . 
 not red like fire , but blue-white like ice . 
 she did n't know if she was doing it right , but it was what her grandfather had done-or tried to do . 
 shut the door , trace the rune , say the name . 
 she pronounced it as her grandfather had pronounced it . 
 and julian did not come leaping out after her . 
 the closet door stayed closed . 
 the silence was deafening . 
 jenny turned and ran for the staircase . 
 he lied , jenny thought , racing up the steps . 
 he changed the rules and he lied . 
 sometimes you ca n't return good for evil ; sometimes evil simply has to be stopped . 
 she knew all this , of course ; it had been in her mind from the very beginning , from the moment when she 'd offered to stay with julian . 
 she did n't need to explain it to herself . 
 she was saying it to the whispering , plaintive voices in her own head that were begging her to go back . 
 dawn tinted the turret window pink as she burst into the room . 
 the door was a rectangle of pure palest rose with some lacy white clouds thrown in . 
 the view was only slightly obscured by the five people standing around it . 
 five . 
 all of them . 
 dee , she 'd expected-she knew dee . 
 tom , she 'd been worried about ; she 'd wanted him to understand , but she 'd wanted him to leave even more . 
 she 'd hoped that zach would be mad enough to go , and that audrey would be sensible enough . 
 michael , she 'd assumed , would be out like a shot . 
 `` go ! '' 
 she shouted as she ran to them . 
 she could n't help glancing at the grandfather clock , which showed a scrolled minute hand leaning far too far past the ten . 
 `` go ! '' 
 tom 's face had lighted with-well , with an expression that sent jenny soaring the last five feet . 
 `` go on ! '' 
 he said to the others , reaching for jenny . 
 it was n't as easy a proposition as it sounded . 
 there was nothing outside this door . 
 no ice age , no living room . 
 nothing but dawn . 
 stepping out into that took guts . 
 `` oh , what the hell , '' said michael , and , holding hands with audrey , he took the step . 
 dee flashed a barbaric grin over her shoulder and jumped out like a skydiver . 
 zach was the one who balked . 
 jenny could n't believe it . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 zach demanded . 
 `` in the closet . 
 go , go ! '' 
 zach 's face was still dark . 
 `` i thought you meant it - '' tom gave him a good straight-arm shove , running-back style . 
 zach fell out sprawling , spinning , arms and legs extended . 
 it did n't look like fun . 
 they were trusting to fate . 
 no-to julian , a much more dangerous proposition . 
 trusting that when he 'd said jenny 's friends could leave , he had meant alive . 
 and trusting to grandpa evenson , jenny thought , that the rune of containment would contain . 
 tom reached to take her hand in both of his . 
 the sky was a blaze of rose and gold . 
 they looked at each other and stepped out that way , together . 
 they were falling as the sun appeared . 
 in that instant the entire sky around them turned a color jenny had seen only once before . 
 an unbelievable luminous blue , the color of julian 's eyes . 
 no matter how often you faint , you never really get used to it . 
 jenny came to herself slowly . 
 she was lying down , she knew that first . 
 lying on something cool and very hard . 
 mexican paver tiles . 
 she sat up much too fast and almost fainted again . 
 the first thing she saw was the game . 
 it was sitting in the middle of her mother 's solid ponderosa pine coffee table . 
 the white box lid was on the floor beside the table . 
 the rune uruz was dull as rust . 
 the victorian paper house itself was tall and perfect , its printed colors richly glowing in the rosy eastern light . 
 the only difference jenny could see was that the slips of paper they 'd drawn their nightmares on were gone-as were the paper dolls they 'd drawn of themselves . 
 it all looked so innocent , so wholesome , with the tupperware tub of joey 's crayons sitting beside it . 
 `` maybe it was all a dream , '' michael said hoarsely . 
 he was on the other side of the table , with audrey , who was just straightening up . 
 her glossy auburn hair was windblown into a lion 's mane . 
 it made her look quite different , quite-free . 
 `` it was n't a dream , '' dee said with uncharacteristic quietness , uncoiling her long legs and standing . 
 `` summer 's gone . '' 
 zach picked himself up and sat on a leather footstool . 
 he said nothing , but rubbed his forehead as if his head hurt . 
 jenny looked at tom . 
 he was sitting up very slowly , using the table as help . 
 jenny put a hand under his arm , and he looked a `` thank you '' at her . 
 he 'd changed . 
 maybe even more than audrey . 
 he looked battered and sore , and he 'd lost his air of always being in control . 
 there was a new expression in his eyes , a sadness that was almost grateful at the same time . 
 jenny did n't know the word for it . 
 maybe something like humility . 
 `` tommy , '' she said , worried . 
 the rakish smile was crooked . 
 battered as his devilish good looks . 
 `` i thought maybe you were really staying with him . 
 to save me-and because you wanted to . 
 and the thing was , i would n't have blamed you . 
 i sort of realized that when he gave you the ring . '' 
 jenny , who had been about to protest , looked at her hand . 
 any lingering doubts about last night being real were shattered . 
 it was there , shining on her finger . 
 `` i thought definitely you really were staying with him , '' audrey said . 
 `` you had me convinced you honestly wanted to-and it was all a trick ? '' 
 `` it was the truth . 
 i was doing it of my own free will , and i did want to stay-long enough to make sure tom and you guys got out . '' 
 `` i knew , '' dee said . 
 `` it 's those brains of yours again , '' jenny said , looking straight at her . 
 `` and i always thought you were such a sweet little thing , '' michael was musing . 
 `` so simple , so honest ... '' `` i am-when people treat me fairly . 
 when they do n't kill my friends . 
 when they do n't break their word . 
 i figured he made up the rules of that game , and trickery was a legal move . 
 so i did it . '' 
 audrey persisted . 
 `` and you really never felt anything for him ? 
 that was all an act ? '' 
 `` just call me sarah bernhardt , '' jenny said . 
 she hoped that audrey would n't notice she had n't answered the question . 
 `` who cares ? '' 
 michael said . 
 `` we 're home . 
 we did it . '' 
 he looked around at the sunlight flooding in through the sliding glass door , at the ordinary thornton backyard outside , at the pastel walls of the living room . 
 `` i love each and every one of these baskets , '' he said . 
 `` i could kiss the tiles we sit on . 
 i could kiss you , audrey . '' 
 `` oh , if you have to , '' audrey said , not bothering to fuss with her hair . 
 she leaned forward and so did michael . 
 dee , though , was still looking at jenny , her night-dark eyes serious . 
 `` what about the betrothal ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` the ring ? 
 you 're supposed to be promised to him now . '' 
 `` what about it ? '' 
 jenny said quietly . 
 `` i 'm going to throw the ring away . 
 with the rest of this garbage . '' 
 in a single motion that brought zach 's head up , she crushed the paper house , smashing it flat and flatter . 
 she put it in the white box , like filling an overstuffed suitcase , pushing it in where it would n't fit . 
 she scooped up the game cards and jammed them in , too . 
 then she took the ring off . 
 it came quite easily , not sticking to her finger or anything . 
 she did n't look at the inscription . 
 she dropped the ring on top of it all . 
 then she put in the paper dolls of the creeper and the lurker . 
 as she picked up the third doll she paused . 
 it was the boy with the shocking blue eyes . 
 they seemed to be looking up at her , but she knew they were n't . 
 it was just a tagboard cutout , and the original was locked away under a rune of constraint that would hold , she hoped , forever . 
 she had n't let go of the shadow man doll yet . 
 it was your game . 
 you hunted us . 
 you told me to become a hunter . 
 you just never expected to be trapped yourself . 
 what would this world be like without a julian in it ? 
 safer , certainly . 
 calmer . 
 but poorer , too , in a way . 
 she 'd beaten the shadow man , but it was strangely hard to consign him to oblivion . 
 jenny felt a pang of something oddly like regret , of something lost forever . 
 she put the doll in the box and crammed the lid on . 
 there was a roll of masking tape in with joey 's crayons . 
 jenny wound tape round and round the bulging white box , sealing it shut . 
 the others all watched in silence . 
 when she finally ran out of tape she put the box on the table and sat back on her heels . 
 a smile began somewhere in the group and traveled from one person to another . 
 not a partying kind of smile , just one of quiet relief and joy . 
 they had made it . 
 they 'd won . 
 they were alive-most of them . 
 `` what are we going to say about summer ? '' 
 tom asked . 
 `` we 're going to tell the truth , '' jenny said . 
 audrey 's eyebrows arched . 
 `` no one will ever believe us ! '' 
 `` i know , '' jenny said . 
 `` we 're going to tell them anyway . '' 
 `` it 'll be all right , '' said dee . 
 `` after all we 've been through , we can deal with it . 
 as long as we 're all together . '' 
 `` we are , '' jenny said , and tom nodded . 
 in the old days-last night-it would have been the other way around . 
 audrey and michael , who could n't seem to separate from each other , both nodded , too . 
 so did zach , who was for once paying attention to the rest of them , instead of being off in his own little world . 
 i think it actually helped him , jenny thought suddenly , to know that his grandfather was only calling up demons and not insane after all . 
 `` we can call the police from the kitchen , '' she said aloud . 
 it was dee who made the phone call , because audrey and michael were looking out the kitchen window together , and zach was n't the talking type . 
 jenny and tom had moved a little away from the others . 
 `` i wanted to show you this , '' tom said . 
 it was a tattered scrap of paper . 
 it had several things drawn and then crossed out-jenny thought one was a rat . 
 the only thing not crossed out was in the middle , and jenny could n't tell what it was . 
 `` i 'm a rotten artist . 
 i thought you could tell by the yellow hair and green eyes . '' 
 `` i 'm your worst nightmare ? '' 
 jenny said , only half joking because she was completely bewildered . 
 `` no . 
 it was hard to draw , but it was what i meant at the end when i told julian i guessed it had to happen . 
 the name of the game was face your worst nightmare , and that was mine . 
 losing you . '' 
 jenny could only look at him . 
 `` i 'm not good at saying it . 
 maybe i 'm not even good at showing it , '' he said . 
 `` but-i love you . 
 as much as he does . 
 more . '' 
 all jenny could think of was hibiscus bushes . 
 little tommy in second grade . 
 the boy she had decided she was going to marry-on sight . 
 something was tugging at her inside , but she knew she had to put it-even the memory of it-away forever . 
 never think of it again . 
 and never let tom know . 
 never . 
 `` i love you , too , '' she whispered . 
 `` oh , tom , so much . '' 
 it was at that moment they heard the glass break . 
 dee was hampered by being on the phone . 
 tom was hampered by jenny . 
 the others were just plain frozen . 
 still , it was only a few seconds before they ran back to the living room , just in time to see two figures ducking out the broken sliding glass door with really astonishing speed . 
 the white box was n't on the coffee table anymore . 
 tom and dee , of course , ran into the backyard . 
 but even jenny , standing by the broken door , could see there was no chance . 
 the two figures were over the wall and gone before their pursuers got close . 
 after climbing the block wall and looking around , tom and dee came slowly back . 
 `` they just disappeared , '' dee said in disgust . 
 `` they were flying , '' tom panted . 
 `` you 're not in the best of shape , either of you , '' jenny said . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 i did n't really want to give the game to the police anyway . 
 it probably wo n't work for anyone else . '' 
 `` but who were they ? 
 shadow men ? '' 
 michael asked . 
 `` shadow men in sneakers , '' dee said , pointing to a muddy footprint on the tiles . 
 `` but why would they want to - '' jenny tuned him out . 
 she was looking at the broken glass and trying not to think . 
 even from behind , those two guys had looked familiar . 
 but surely what she 'd said was true . 
 the game had been meant for her ; it should n't work for anyone else . 
 besides , it was squashed now , ruined . 
 and even if it did work for someone else , what were the chances of them making it all the way up to the third floor , into her grandfather 's basement ? 
 and even if they did make it there , what were the chances of them opening a white closet door ? 
 `` good riddance to it , '' tom said . 
 in the early morning light his dark hair shone , and the green flecks in his eyes looked gold . 
 `` everything i care about is right here , '' he said . 
 he smiled at jenny . 
 `` no more nightmares , '' he told her , with open love in his face , in front of them all . 
 jenny went into the circle of his arms . 
 in a vacant lot , two boys were panting , looking behind them for pursuers . 
 `` i think we lost them , '' said the one in the black bandanna and t-shirt . 
 `` they were n't even trying , '' said the one in the black-and-blue flannels . 
 they looked at each other in a mixture of triumph and fear . 
 they did n't know what the box was , despite a night of watching the blond girl 's house . 
 it had n't been until dawn that they 'd worked up the nerve to break in-and then the white box had been there on the table , waiting for them . 
 they knew only that ever since seeing it they 'd been compelled to follow it , fearing it and wanting it in equal measure . 
 it had dominated their thoughts , sending them after the girl , keeping them up all night . 
 and now they had it , at last . 
