 cordova jumped at the loud , insistent knock at her door , nearly dropping the brush she 'd been running through her long curtain of black hair . 
 setting it carefully on the vanity , she rose from her chair . 
 she thought briefly about taking a moment to tuck her hair underneath her cap , but she knew that if it were her employer she would be scolded for keeping her waiting so she dutifully rushed out . 
 taking a deep breath , she crossed the room and opened the door to see lady alice grey , lady-in-waiting to king lyon and her employer , waiting , flanked by two royal guards . 
 cordova 's eyes immediately jumped to the envelope fisted in the lady 's skeletally thin hand , and her heart hammered against her chest . 
 `` how may i be of service , my lady ? '' 
 she asked , struggling to keep her voice steady . 
 she started to bow , but her head snapped back as lady grey 's free hand shot out , cracking against her face . 
 `` you stupid wench , '' she snapped , black eyes cold in contrast to the spots of color in her bony cheeks . 
 `` did you really think you could get away with this ? '' 
 `` i-i-i do n't know what you mean , '' cordova stammered , clutching her stinging cheek even as her eyes darted back to the envelope . 
 she knew very well what the lady meant , but that did n't mean she was going to give in right away . 
 even if she could n't see a way out of this predicament . 
 lady grey ripped the letter out of the envelope and waved it in front of her face . 
 `` one of my secretaries intercepted this letter yesterday . 
 in it you write of unspeakable accusations against the king-outlandish tales of high taxes , poverty , unfair justice systems . '' 
 cordova lifted her chin . 
 `` they are not outlandish tales . 
 the king overtaxes his people , fattens the rich and starves the poor , and beheads or imprisons anyone who dares to question his command . 
 he is nothing more than a barbarian and a tyrant . '' 
 one of the guards stepped up , a pair of heavy manacles hanging loosely in his hands . 
 `` such accusations are treasonous , miss thomas , and will not be tolerated by king lyon or the people of margon . 
 you 're going to have to come with us . '' 
 a tremor of fear rippled through her , and she felt her legs suddenly weaken , barely able to hold her up . 
 `` what are you going to do with me ? 
 will you behead me like the others ? '' 
 she accused even as she allowed the guard to secure the manacles around her wrists . 
 the guard met her gaze steadily , and cordova saw no mercy in his eyes . 
 `` that will be for the king to decide . '' 
 **** king lyon tapped his fingers restlessly on the arm of his throne as he watched his latest subject be escorted from the throne room in heavy chains . 
 his heart had long been hardened against his people 's pleas for mercy . 
 they should know by now that he rarely had any to spare , and to stay out of trouble . 
 if they dared to step over the lines that had been crossed for them , they knew the punishment he would swiftly mete out . 
 in truth , he actually detested killing his own people , but he did not gain all that he had by ruling from the teat . 
 a heavy hand would teach the people of margon to refrain from questioning his rule . 
 he had learned from his father that a king is better feared , than loved . 
 `` send in the next accused , '' he drawled , bored by the monotony . 
 he understood the necessity of holding these courts-those who stepped over the line had to be punished , after all-but it was all so very tedious . 
 he would much rather be in the war room with his strategists , or out in the fields engaging in sport . 
 or perhaps between the sheets with a willing woman . 
 his lips curled at the thought . 
 he desperately needed a new mistress . 
 someone who could entertain him , and give him some much-needed relief . 
 he certainly had his share of women and even those who secretly opposed being bedded would never dare to deny him . 
 perhaps he would choose one this afternoon . 
 the guards brought in a woman , and lyon blinked , before sitting up straight to get a better look at her . 
 she wore a shapeless gray dress that draped loosely on her thin frame , and her head hung forward so that her curtain of black hair concealed her face . 
 as she was brought before the throne , lyon noticed that her entire body was trembling , and could n't quite hide a disgusted sneer . 
 so , they had brought him a mouse . 
 well , he would hear her crimes and then chew her up and spit her out like all the others . 
 `` your majesty , '' his attendant greeted him , belly jiggling most unbecomingly as he turned to face the king . 
 `` the accused is miss cordova thomas , companion to lady alice grey . 
 she comes before you accused of high treason-a letter she wrote to her family was intercepted , and contained slander and blasphemous things written about your majesty . '' 
 `` i see . '' 
 lyon turned his attention to the woman , curious rather than infuriated , as he ought to be . 
 `` and what say you to these accusations , miss thomas ? '' 
 the woman tossed her hair out of her face , raising a pointed chin so she could glare daggers at him with her garnet eyes . 
 `` if speaking the truth ... if warning my family not to come here in order to spare them your tyranny , is considered to be high treason , then yes , i am guilty . '' 
 lyon arched a brow , sucking in a sharp breath as the exquisite beauty of her features hit him , full force . 
 her heart-shaped face was pale but for the spots of color on her cheeks , her black eyebrows were drawn tightly over piercing eyes that sparkled with fury , and her lips , the color of ripe strawberries , were compressed into a tight , thin line . 
 she looked like a war goddess , or perhaps a valkyrie , ready to rise up and strike him down with a vengeance should she be given the chance . 
 he knew instinctively that the body beneath that gown would be just as exquisite , and was struck by an overwhelming desire to whip the offending cloth away so he could see for himself . 
 cordova stood her ground , holding her head high as she proudly defied the king , but inside she was confused in a wash of unyielding emotion . 
 rather than flying into a rage and ordering her immediate beheading as she 'd rather expected , he simply stared , his eyes roving over her face , his blue eyes scalding her with a hunger she did n't understand . 
 her body reacted , chills running down her spine , n ** ples stiffening , which only confused her more . 
 she could n't help but notice that he was an attractive man-his powerfully built body shown off by the embroidered doublet and hose he wore over his linen shirt . 
 his reddish-blond hair curled thickly atop his head , his handsome face framed with a square jaw dusted with a day 's growth of beard . 
 his lips were firm , sensual , and curved into ... a smile ? 
 she shivered . 
 what sort of hideous punishment could he be thinking of for him to smile like that ? 
 `` how dare you speak to the king that way ! '' 
 the advisor sputtered after a long silence in which his beady eyes darted back and forth between the two . 
 `` you should show more respect to the king who so graciously allows you to live at his court ! '' 
 cordova sneered at him , recklessly bold-there was no going back after all ; she was doomed regardless of whether or not she remained silent . 
 `` do n't patronize me . 
 i doubt the good king even knew i existed before you brought me to his attention . '' 
 `` you have an unusually sharp tongue , '' the king remarked before his clearly affronted advisor could respond . 
 `` you do know that with every traitorous word you speak , i can add to your punishment ? 
 that rather than order a simple beheading , i could have you tortured for days , weeks , months ? 
 that i could have you begging for your life ... or perhaps , your death ? '' 
 cordova felt the blood leech from her face at the thought of prolonged torture . 
 still , she refused to back down . 
 `` i wo n't beg you for anything , '' she vowed , nearly spitting out the words . 
 his eyes gleamed , the challenge accepted . 
 `` oh , i think you will , '' he said silkily-oh , did he want her to beg , he thought as he watched the rapid rise and fall of her bosom . 
 not for death , but for him-his touch , his mouth , his shaft as it pumped deep inside of her . 
 `` i admire your spirit , woman . 
 not many men have dared to challenge me in this way , and certainly never a woman . '' 
 he turned to his advisor . 
 `` leave us . 
 i want everyone from this room gone except for my personal guard . '' 
 the advisor frowned . 
 `` your majesty ? '' 
 `` did you not hear me ? '' 
 lyon arched a brow . 
 the man blanched . 
 `` yes , your majesty ... as you wish . '' 
 he scrambled down from the dais and ushered the nobles from the room , leaving reluctantly , a flurry of whispers exchanged behind the hands raised to their mouths . 
 let them speculate , lyon thought . 
 his lips curved as cordova watched him warily . 
 `` do n't think i will not punish you , miss thomas , '' he warned , and she stiffened . 
 `` you will serve me in repentance for your crimes-in my bed . '' 
 `` i beg your pardon ? '' 
 cordova whispered , faintly . 
 lyon 's grin widened at her distress . 
 `` do n't sound so upset , ms. thomas . 
 being a king 's mistress is considered an honor . 
 be grateful . '' 
 **** be grateful ! 
 cordova fumed , pacing back and forth in the drawing room as she had done for the past four hours , waiting for him . 
 the guards had taken her to a private suite of rooms connected to the king 's quarters by a secret tunnel and told her that she had free reign of the space , and could do anything she wished as long as she did n't leave . 
 since the only way out was through the tunnel and a twenty-four hour guard had been posted there , escape was highly unlikely . 
 there was n't even a single window for her to look out of . 
 she felt suffocated , closed in . 
 she could n't believe this was happening . 
 why , oh why had n't she just kept her thoughts to herself ? 
 how could she have been so stupid as to think her letters would n't be intercepted ? 
 she was not of royal blood , after all , and the king was always on the lookout for spies . 
 you 're lucky you were n't tortured and beheaded , like he 'd suggested would be appropriate for your behavior . 
 sighing , she lowered herself onto the settee , pushing aside the pale pink cushions so she could stretch out and think . 
 he was right to tell her that she should be grateful-at least for sparing her life . 
 but she was still furious . 
 even though he was enshrouding her in secrecy , that no one aside from a select number of guards would know about what she would be forced to do , she would still know on the inside that she was ruined . 
 once she returned home , she would never be able to marry a man , for she could not deceive one , and who would want to marry a king 's mistress , spoiled and used ? 
 it did n't matter that she would spread her legs between silk sheets instead of a crumbling doorway . 
 she would still be nothing more than a whore . 
 her eyes drifted closed , then opened as she heard the faint sounds of a man 's footfalls against soft carpet . 
 turning her head , she watched king lyon enter the drawing room , still dressed in the same clothing he 'd worn at her ` trial ' . 
 he caught sight of her and paused , standing in the middle of the room , dominating it with his powerful , imposing frame . 
 she swallowed hard , her heart thumping loudly in her ears . 
 why did he make her blood heat so ? 
 he was a pompous , arrogant tyrant . 
 frowning , his eyes raked her form . 
 `` you did not choose one of the dresses in the wardrobe provided for you ? '' 
 cordova 's cheeks colored as she rose . 
 `` i see no need to subject myself to the garish fashions of court any moment sooner than i have to . 
 unlike the ladies of your court who think nothing of baring their bosoms to get what they want , i am a modest woman . '' 
 king lyon laughed . 
 `` you are provided with a king 's ransom of clothing that the women of my court would swoon over , and you call them garish ? '' 
 cordova bit her lower lip , unsure if she had upset him or not . 
 `` i do n't mean to sound ungrateful , your majesty , '' she amended , trying for a less petulant approach . 
 it would n't do to make her life more difficult than it was already going to be . 
 `` but i simply ca n't bring myself to wear those fashions . '' 
 the king lifted an eyebrow . 
 `` they are what you have been provided with , and until you have earned the right to ask for more , you will wear them . 
 either that , or you can go nak * d. '' cordova gasped , her cheeks coloring . 
 `` i beg your pardon ? '' 
 king lyon grinned . 
 `` now that i think of it , i may just order you to forgo clothes completely . 
 after all , you are all alone down here , so no one other than i will be able to see you . 
 and it would be so much more convenient for me . '' 
 cordova 's flush deepened , rage joining her mortification . 
 `` i refuse . '' 
 `` suit yourself . '' 
 lyon stepped forward , closing the distance between them , and cordova felt her skin tingle in anticipation . 
 `` in any case , your garments offend me . 
 it 's time we take them off . '' 
 `` w-what ? '' 
 now ? 
 lyon 's eyes sparked hungrily , and her entire body heated . 
 `` i 'm not the type of man who is content with tossing up a woman 's skirts and taking his pleasure . 
 i want to see your body . 
 all of it . '' 
 `` yes , '' she breathed , her cheeks heating again . 
 it sounded as though she were agreeing with him rather than simply acknowledging him . 
 her fingers trembled as she lifted them to the row of buttons trailing down her front , and she fumbled , trying to loosen them . 
 `` i. . . '' 
 her breathing hitched . 
 `` i can not . '' 
 she 'd never stripped in front of a man before , and king lyon 's hot gaze made it impossible for her to concentrate . 
 lyon softened at the panic in her eyes and the stiffness in her spine . 
 `` let me help you , '' he murmured huskily , brushing her hands away so he could undo the buttons himself . 
 he could practically feel the innocence rolling off her in waves . 
 it had been awhile since had last taken a virgin . 
 he was going to have to be gentle , this first time . 
 popping the last button , he released his hands and let the dress pool around her ankles , then sucked in a breath as he studied her . 
 clad only in a thin chemise , her curves were exposed to his gaze , and they were even lusher than he 'd expected . 
 her br ** sts were ripe melons , the n ** ples straining against the thin , white material . 
 her waist was tiny , her h * ps flared-a body made for childbearing . 
 her calves looked silky , her ankles dainty and graceful . 
 `` you 're beautiful , '' he whispered hoarsely , running his large , callused palms up and down her bare arms . 
 cordova shivered , leaning into the king 's warm hands-not that she was cold . 
 far from it . 
 she was sure that if she looked down her entire skin would be pink from the heat coursing through her body . 
 but her eyes were riveted to king lyon 's gaze-dark , hungry , commanding . 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 she murmured , trembling all over from the chills his touch incited . 
 `` why do you choose to spare me ? '' 
 `` because i can , '' he retorted harshly , yanking her against his big , hard body . 
 his lips crashed down to claim hers , and cordova moaned-she could n't help it . 
 her body loved the proximity between them , craved it , wanted more . 
 her n ** ples tingled as they scraped against his doublet , and moisture pooled between her thighs . 
 lyon plundered her mouth with his tongue , dominating her utterly as he reveled in her sweetness . 
 he loved the little sound she made when he 'd pulled her against him-soft and passionate , just like her body felt against him . 
 without breaking the kiss he swung her up into his arms and carried her to the bedroom , where he set her upon the large bed that dominated the room . 
 stepping back , he took a moment to study her again , admiring the way her chemise contrasted against the gilt and garnet coverlet . 
 her green eyes were smoky with desire , her cheeks flushed , her heavy bosom heaving , n ** ples straining against the material of her undergarment . 
 `` your majesty ? '' 
 she asked hesitantly , unsure as to what he wanted from her . 
 from the stories she heard , men tended to fall on their mistresses like slavering dogs , taking their pleasure and then moving on with their business . 
 but the king spent an awfully long time just simply looking at her , as though she were a feast he was about to savor . 
 `` this needs to come off , '' he growled , tugging her shoulders so that she rose up . 
 his fingers curled around the straps of her chemise , and then it was pulled over her head and tossed aside , to flutter to the floor like a butterfly wing . 
 `` oh , yes , '' he murmured , drinking in her creamy , nak * d flesh with his eyes . 
 her ran his hands down her sides , enjoying the feel of her smooth , unmarred skin , and the way her curves fit so perfectly into his palms . 
 she arched into his touch , offering her dusky rose n ** ples to him , and he took greedily , cupping her br ** sts before leaning down and suckling gently on her right one . 
 `` oh ! '' 
 a cry flew from cordova 's lips , filled with surprise and pleasure . 
 exquisite sensation rippled through her with each suck , each tug , as he pleasured her n ** ples with his mouth and hands . 
 his teeth nipped , his tongue licked , his fingers pinched and rolled , until she was wrapping her legs around his waist and rubbing her core shamelessly against his erection , mindlessly seeking relief . 
 lyon groaned at the feel of cordova 's warm center rubbing along the length of his shaft-the pleasure was incredible , and he had n't even removed his clothes yet . 
 how much more pleasurable would it be to rub himself against her bare flesh ? 
 to sink his shaft deep inside her ? 
 impatient , he pulled back and yanked at the buttons of his doublet . 
 in short order it joined the chemise on the floor along with the linen shirt he wore underneath . 
 cordova caught her breath as she watched him stand-his chest muscles rippled in the candlelight , dusted lightly with curls the same color as the hair atop his head . 
 he kicked off his boots , and then tore off his hose , freeing his shaft , and she gasped . 
 lyon chuckled at the shock in his new mistress 's eyes . 
 `` have you never seen one before ? '' 
 he asked , boldly curling his fingers around the hard length . 
 cordova gulped as her pulse kicked up a notch-she should have found such an action lewd , but instead she wanted to knock his hand aside and replace it with her fingers . 
 `` i. . . 
 you 're just so large . '' 
 `` do n't worry , '' lyon assured her as he returned to the bed . 
 `` i will fit . '' 
 crouching before her , he slid his hands underneath the backs of her thighs and drew her knees up before spreading her legs . 
 `` beautiful , '' he murmured again , staring at the glistening pink folds between her legs , crowned with a thatch of silky black curls . 
 he ran his fingers through them , then down her nether lips , coating them in her moisture . 
 she was wet already , so wet . 
 cordova whimpered , arching her h * ps against his hand . 
 with each brush of his fingers , pleasure stabbed , and she wanted more of it . 
 his fingers tunneled through her folds , and she cried out as he hit a spot that sent arcs of pleasure shooting through her . 
 lyon grinned as her head fell back on the mattress , and continued to stimulate the little nub , rubbing it back and forth between his fingers until she was bucking mindlessly against his hand . 
 `` oh , oh , oh ! '' 
 she screamed as something inside her burst , following by crushing waves of pleasure that wiped her mind of all thought . 
 it was good . 
 so , so , good . 
 she 'd never experienced anything like this before . 
 lyon rose up and positioned his shaft near cordova 's entrance , the mushroom tip rubbing gently at the folds , coating him in her creamy wetness . 
 he pushed in while she was still in the throes of her orgasm , tearing through her hymen , which provided minimal resistance . 
 cordova stiffened , uttering a low moan , and he went utterly still . 
 when he felt her relax , he eased into her slowly . 
 `` by the gods , '' he gasped . 
 `` you 're so tight . '' 
 her inner walls gave inch by inch , stretching and wrapping around him as they frantically worked to accommodate his size . 
 torture , sweet , sweet torture . 
 cordova gasped as he finally filled her to the hilt , squirming slightly as she became accustomed to the feel of having a man inside her . 
 she ... liked it , she decided . 
 liked the way his thick , hard shaft felt , filling her up , pulsing hungrily inside her . 
 `` i. . . 
 i am alright , '' she whispered . 
 `` good , '' he rumbled , leaning down and burying his face in the crook of her neck in a surprisingly tender move . 
 his tongue darted out to flick across the pulse hammering at her throat , and she shivered , a tiny little moan slipping past her lips . 
 `` mmm . 
 you taste good , woman . '' 
 gradually , he began to move inside her , working up a steady rhythm . 
 cordova dug her fingernails into the coverlet as he worked his shaft inside her , gasping with each wonderful , pleasure-filled stroke . 
 king lyon hauled her legs up so she could wrap them around his waist , and then dug his fingers into her h * ps so he could control the pace . 
 he looked magnificent , like a warrior , muscular and golden , his eyes hot as he stared down at her , h * ps pumping . 
 soon , the languorous pace was not enough , and cordova began moving her h * ps frantically , trying to get him to increase the speed . 
 he refused at first , but when , out of desperate inspiration , she reached between them and cupped his sac in her hand he relented with a groan . 
 sliding his hands from her hips , he gripped each of her buttocks and lifted , then pounded into her for all he was worth . 
 `` gods , '' he muttered hoarsely . 
 `` good . 
 so good . '' 
 he knew he was n't going to last very long at this pace and so reached down , thumbing that sweet spot between her legs as he continued to slam his shaft inside her . 
 he felt her stiffen , then scream as the orgasm washed through her and pulled out , spilling his seed across her belly . 
 spent , he collapsed on the bed next to her , breathing heavily . 
 exhausted from lovemaking and a long , stressful day , cordova slipped into sleep . 
 **** when cordova woke , king lyon was gone . 
 he 'd tucked a blanket around her , but she still shivered-she did not sleep nak * d , and was not used to the lack of layers . 
 standing , she wrapped the blanket around her and walked out of the bedroom and into the drawing room , where she remembered seeing a clock . 
 sure enough , one rested on the mantle , and she found that it was morning , though she would never have known otherwise since there were no windows in her quarters . 
 fire crackled in the hearth , and she wondered who had come to light it while she 'd been sleeping . 
 she wandered into the bathing room and found a large tub filled with fragrant , steaming water . 
 lowering herself into it , she sighed as the warm water soothed her sore muscles and tiny aches , enveloping her with delicious comfort . 
 she grabbed the washcloth and bar of soap and began to clean herself off . 
 `` did you sleep well , miss thomas ? '' 
 she jumped , swiveling her head toward the sound of king lyon 's voice , and saw him standing in the doorway . 
 he looked regal and magnificent , dressed in blue and gold and white , his bearing erect and proud . 
 a flush washed over her cheeks-she told herself it was ridiculous to be self-conscious as he 'd already seen her nak * d last night , but she could n't help herself . 
 `` i did , your majesty . '' 
 she inclined her head , unwilling to leave the comfort of the water for a more formal greeting-in any case ; it was impossible to curtsey without a skirt to hold . 
 her jaw dropped as he stripped off his clothing , revealing his body to her once more . 
 `` i brought you a present , '' he said , approaching with a small drawstring bag . 
 `` w-what are you doing ? '' 
 she asked as he stepped into the tub . 
 he arched a brow . 
 `` joining you , of course . 
 is there a problem ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 she must n't complain . 
 he was being fairly lenient with her , after all . 
 `` good . '' 
 he pulled open the drawstring bag and upended it , pouring a stream of crystals into the water-bathing salts , she realized . 
 the scent of jasmine filled the air , and she sighed . 
 bathing salts were a luxury she had never been able to afford . 
 she barely protested when he took the washcloth and soap from her hands and took over the job of cleaning her . 
 his hands were gentle as he ran the soapy cloth over her back , shoulders , arms , and she shivered as he lathered her br ** sts . 
 the washcloth moved down her abdomen , then between her thighs , and she whimpered . 
 `` does that feel good ? '' 
 he murmured in her ear , replacing the washcloth with his fingers . 
 `` oh , yes , '' she breathed , gripping his bare shoulders as her head fell back . 
 he traced the shell of her ear with his tongue . 
 `` do you want more ? '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 she had promised herself not to beg him . 
 `` if you so desire . '' 
 chuckling , he pushed a long finger inside her , and she cried out in shock and pleasure . 
 `` i will make you beg , miss thomas . '' 
 cordova gasped as he slowly worked his finger in and out , in and out . 
 she would not beg . 
 she would not . 
 he shrugged . 
 `` do n't fight it , '' he mocked , inserting another finger and coercing another cry from her . 
 she bucked her hips , trying to grind herself against his fingers , but he gripped her h * ps tightly with his free hand , having none of it . 
 inserting another finger , he stretched her fully , but kept up his slow , torturous pace until she was trembling all over , tears threatening . 
 `` is something wrong ? '' 
 he asked innocently , nibbling at her jawline . 
 `` n-no ... '' cordova stammered , then bit her lip to keep from crying out as he flicked his thumb across her sweet spot , lightning fast . 
 `` you are sure ? '' 
 he asked , lips twitching . 
 `` there is not anything you ... need ? '' 
 `` i. . . '' 
 she gasped as he ducked his head and swirled his tongue around her left nipple , tonguing the areola . 
 `` no . 
 nothing . '' 
 her h * ps bucked instinctively as he flicked his thumb across the nub between her legs again , bellying her words , and he laughed . 
 `` rest assured , woman , i could do this all day . '' 
 it was perfectly true . 
 he loved to watch her face-it was so open , expressive , and currently flushed with passion . 
 `` if you want release , you will have to tell me what you want . '' 
 cordova bit down on her lower lip to keep another moan from escaping as he continued to torture her with his fingers . 
 she knew he was n't going to let her go , but surely he could n't let this go on forever . 
 he would take pity on her . 
 he had to . 
 `` well , if there 's nothing you need , i suppose i will just be on my way . '' 
 he started to withdraw his fingers , and arched his brow when her hand shot out to grip his wrist . 
 `` please , '' she panted . 
 `` do n't leave me like this . '' 
 `` like what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i thought you were fine . '' 
 she wanted to scream in frustration . 
 `` you know i 'm not . '' 
 `` then what is it you want ? '' 
 he brushed his fingers gently against her folds , and her h * ps bucked . 
 `` i want ... '' she swallowed . 
 `` i want you inside me . '' 
 `` hmm . '' 
 he shifted to bring his shaft into contact with her core , and she moaned . 
 `` do you now ? '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 she sobbed as he rubbed the head of his c * ck back and forth across her entrance . 
 `` please ! 
 i. . . 
 please ! '' 
 `` you had but to ask , '' he assured her , surging inside her with one smooth thrust , and they moaned simultaneously . 
 gripping her hips , he lifted her up , and then slammed her back down onto his shaft , repeating the motion over and over again , sending arcs of pleasure racing through both of them . 
 her br ** sts bounced wildly as she mewled her pleasure and he caught a nipple between his teeth , nipping and suckling the taut , rosy bud . 
 gods , she tasted sweet . 
 and those curves ... he gripped her bottom in his hands , kneading the flesh with his fingers . 
 cordova did n't think it was possible , but the pleasure was even greater than it had been last time . 
 every time his shaft moved inside her it brushed against that sweet spot , heightening the pleasure further . 
 planting her knees firmly onto the bottom of the tub she rode him , undulating her h * ps to match his pace , delighted when his eyes darkened and another deep groan rumbled up from his chest . 
 the orgasm slammed into her suddenly , sweeping her away so that she saw a blanket of stars , and her screams echoed off the walls . 
 `` cordova ! '' 
 lyon shouted as he spurt his seed , this time inside her . 
 gods , he 'd meant to pull out , but she felt so good that he could n't bring himself to leave her body . 
 she slumped on top of him and he cradled her head against his chest . 
 cordova curled into his lap , content to listen to his heartbeat gradually slowing . 
 she knew they could n't stay this way forever-the water would cool eventually-but she did n't want him to leave just yet . 
 he was her only company , after all . 
 `` i chose to make you my mistress because i like your honesty . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she looked up at him . 
 where had this come from ? 
 `` you asked me why i spared you yesterday . '' 
 he arched his brows . 
 `` the majority of the ladies at court are greedy , conniving creatures-they will do anything to get into my bed because they want the wealth i can provide them should i choose , and the prestige of having lain with the king . 
 but you dared to speak what was on your mind , regardless of the consequences , and i find that refreshing . '' 
 he stroked her cheek gently . 
 `` and despite that hideous dress you were brought before me wearing , i could already see that none of those women could hold a candle to your beauty . 
 you are exquisite . '' 
 `` i still think you are a tyrant , '' she reminded him , doing the best to ignore the flush of pleasure his words caused . 
 `` no amount of flattering is going to change that . '' 
 his eyes cooled , the tenderness leaving them . 
 `` that is your choice . '' 
 he stood , water sluicing off his body , and stepped from the tub . 
 `` just remember that you would do well to remind yourself that you are still at my mercy . 
 and that for as long as i choose to keep you , your body is mine to do with as i wish . '' 
 cordova watched him leave , barely refraining from heaving the bar of soap at him . 
 she wanted to cry in frustration at the hand that fate dealt her , but she would not . 
 be strong , she reminded herself . 
 strong women did not cry at the drop of a hat . 
 **** the king did not return , and cordova spent the rest of the day in peaceful , if not lonely solitude . 
 she 'd donned her grey dress again , both in defiance of the king and because she was not yet willing to try on any of the fine clothes in her new wardrobe , no matter how soft and wonderful the material looked and felt . 
 the suite had a pantry of sorts , and she 'd helped herself to the dried meats and fruit within . 
 aside from the guard who came to deliver her luncheon and supper , she saw no one . 
 the drawing room had a piano , and so after supper she spent a long while relearning the keys and practicing the pieces she 'd learned in childhood . 
 her parents had never been able to afford a piano or a tutor , but an elderly neighbor who 'd owned one had taught her a few things in her spare time . 
 the music relaxed her , so that she did not notice the king had entered the drawing room and now stood in the doorway , leaning against the doorjamb as he watched her play . 
 her hands flew over the keys with the same depth of precision that another woman 's might handle a loom-the difference being that one wove threads , while the other wove sounds into a tapestry of delight . 
 he stood there for a long time , simply content to listen to her play-which surprised him . 
 after all , he 'd only come down for a quick tumble , to relieve some of his pent up frustration that the day 's proceedings had left him with . 
 he knew she did n't like him , did n't approve of his ways , and since he was n't going to try and change that there was no point in cultivating a real relationship . 
 yet there he stood , making no move to interrupt her , simply enjoying her as she was . 
 cordova 's hands stilled as she finished the piece , and then stiffened when she heard someone clapping . 
 turning slowly , she saw king lyon , and a flush crept over her face that was n't entirely due to embarrassment . 
 `` how long have you been standing there ? '' 
 she demanded , forgetting that she 'd decided to subdue herself so as not to get into any more trouble . 
 `` long enough to know that with proper training , you could be an extraordinary pianist . '' 
 he smiled , the expression at odds with the hungry look in his eyes . 
 did he always have to look at her in quite that way ? 
 did n't it know that it turned her brains to mush , her knees to jelly ? 
 `` be that as it may , it is very rude to intrude unannounced . 
 surely you knew i was not expecting an audience . '' 
 `` i do n't recall the necessity of asking your permission , '' the king replied smoothly , and there was annoyance in his eyes now . 
 he crossed the distance between them and cordova stiffened further , unsure as to his intentions . 
 she was surprised when , rather than kissing her or laying a hand on her as his behavior suggested he wanted to do , he sat down beside her on the piano bench . 
 `` play something , '' he demanded . 
 cordova sucked in a breath . 
 she wanted to retort , but found his proximity robbed her of speech-his powerful thigh muscles brushed against hers , inciting more shivers along with a quivering in her womb . 
 knowing it would be unwise to refuse , she flexed her fingers to stop their trembling , then placed her hands on the keys and allowed the first melody that came to mind to flow through her fingers-a ballad . 
 she nearly missed a note when the king began to sing , and had to make a conscious effort to keep her eyes focused on the keys instead of turning to look at him like she so desperately wanted . 
 his voice was wonderful , rich and flowing and masculine , like sound spun into heavy silk . 
 what surprised her most was that he knew the lyrics ; it was a song about forgiveness , passion , and tender words between lovers . 
 to be able to sing it with such a depth of emotion indicated that he empathized , even understood , and that was not something she expected . 
 or could easily accept . 
 when the last strains of the melody faded away , she forced herself to meet his gaze . 
 `` you have a lovely voice . '' 
 his eyes were intent on hers ; unreadable . 
 `` taking the frown on your face into consideration , i am not sure that i believe you . '' 
 cordova hesitated . 
 `` i just never ... '' '' ... thought that i sang ? 
 i am not surprised , miss. . 
 thomas . '' 
 he laughed bitterly . 
 `` to you i am just a lout , a petty tyrant who revels in war and suffering . 
 of course in your mind it should n't be possible for me to have an appreciation for the finer , more delicate things in life . 
 and i should n't , not when my grandfather worked so hard to beat it out of me at such a young age . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry ... '' an image of him being caned by his grandfather flashed through her mind , and she shook her head . 
 oh no . 
 she was not going to let him cultivate sympathy for him inside her heart . 
 he could easily be spinning a tale-though for what purpose , she did not know . 
 still , his words tugged at her heartstrings despite her cynical mind . 
 `` never mind . '' 
 he circled his arms around her waist , pulling her flush against him . 
 `` i did not come down here to speak of a distant past . 
 i came here for you . '' 
 heart pounding , cordova tilted her head up to meet his lips at the same time king lyon bent his head . 
 she fisted her hands in his doublet as his tongue slid sensually against hers , stoking the embers smoldering in her womb into a full-fledged flame , and moaned into his mouth . 
 reaching out with one hand , lyon pulled the wooden cover over the piano keys , then stood and placed cordova on top of it so that her h * ps were level with his . 
 his shaft was already aching , and he rucked up her dress around her h * ps so he could press his thickness against her core , still kissing her . 
 cordova moaned as the king began to grind himself against her , pressing up hard against her sweet spot . 
 he thrust his tongue in and out of her mouth in rhythm with his hips ; a prelude to what she wanted him to do to her . 
 how was it possible that such a strong desire could overtake her body so quickly , so furiously ? 
 whimpering , she buried her fingers in his curly mass of hair , rubbing herself shamelessly against him until she was crying out in pleasure , trembling as an orgasm swept through her . 
 lyon pulled away , and cordova was surprised when he knelt before her instead of pushing down his hose and thrusting inside her like she thought he would . 
 he spread her legs wide , his hungry gaze fixed on the most private part of her body . 
 `` oh , your majesty , '' she gasped , realizing his intentions . 
 he was going to lick her there ? 
 `` you ca n't ! '' 
 `` oh , but i can , '' he growled , leaning in , and cordova screamed as he ran his tongue over her center . 
 `` mmm . 
 you taste so sweet . '' 
 he licked her again , his tongue burrowing through her silky folds until he found that secret spot . 
 cordova 's h * ps bucked , and he gripped them with his large hands , forcing her to take what he gave her , when he gave it to her . 
 his tongue flicked and circled , alternating the pressure so that he forced her to the edge , and then backed off . 
 her knees clamped tight around his head , her nails dug painfully into his scalp , and he did n't care . 
 it was worth it , to hear her shrieks as he gorged himself on her scent and taste . 
 `` please ! '' 
 she finally cried . 
 `` please , please , lyon ! '' 
 he liked the sound of his name on her lips , even if she 'd forgotten his title . 
 as a reward for pleasing him , he sucked hard on her pleasure nub , and smiled as she stiffened around his head , screaming her release . 
 he lapped up the sweet cream that gushed out of her until she was limp . 
 `` that was , '' she gasped , not caring that she sounded desperately inexperienced . 
 `` i have no words . '' 
 lyon smiled . 
 `` you need none . '' 
 he pushed his hose down , hooked cordova 's ankles around his shoulders , and plunged inside her . 
 they gasped simultaneously , and then lyon began thrusting , not nearly as gentle as he 'd been before . 
 he could feel her inner walls gripping his shaft tightly , trying to hold him as he moved inside her , creating the most delicious friction between them . 
 cordova 's nails dug into the wood beneath her , her long hair spread out across the piano , her head tilted back to expose the white column of her throat . 
 she was utterly helpless in this position , and could do nothing but lie back and let him pound his shaft into her . 
 no , that was n't true . 
 lifting her head , she slid her hand down to where they were joined and made a `` v '' with her middle and forefingers over her softness so she could feel his shaft sliding against her fingers as he worked it inside of her . 
 watching the hard length of him move in and out , in and out , was one of the most erotic things she 'd ever seen . 
 she circled her fingers around him lightly , enjoying the feel of his hot , hard shaft pulsing wetly against her palm . 
 lyon groaned at the feel of her hand around him , and knew he needed more . 
 pulling out , he gripped cordova by the h * ps and pulled her off the piano , then pushed her to her knees . 
 eyes impossibly wide , cordova stared at his glistening shaft , which bobbed hungrily in front of her face . 
 `` what am i to do ? '' 
 lyon 's fingers threaded through her hair . 
 `` take it , '' he commanded , pushing his h * ps toward her . 
 `` in your mouth . '' 
 cordova swallowed nervously , licking her lips as she gripped the base of his shaft with her hand . 
 he was so big . 
 would he be able to fit in her mouth ? 
 she 'd heard rumors about men demanding this sort of thing from their women , and all of the stories had sounded so very distasteful . 
 but he had knelt between her legs and given her pleasure , so it seemed only fair that she return the favor . 
 not that she had a choice in the matter . 
 she was his mistress , fated to do all that pleased him . 
 a drop of seed glistened at the slit , and cordova licked the mushroom head , tasting his creamy saltiness . 
 she smiled as he gave a full-body shudder , realizing suddenly that she held an enormous amount of power in her hand . 
 she could make him beg just as he had made her do so . 
 she licked the underside of his shaft , dragging her tongue from base to tip , then swirling it around the mushroom head . 
 his fingers tightened in her hair , urging her forward , but she resisted , continuing to tongue him relentlessly without actually taking him into her mouth . 
 `` woman , '' lyon finally growled . 
 `` if you do n't cease this torment , i will pull you over my knee and spank you . '' 
 the image those words conjured was evocative rather than threatening , and cordova had to fight back a giggle at the note of desperation in his voice . 
 he did n't quite beg , but then he was the king . 
 she would take what she could get . 
 smiling , she gave one last lick to the head , and then slid him into her mouth whole . 
 lyon 's deep groan was so filled with lust that she shivered involuntarily . 
 his shaft pulsed hotly inside her mouth , and she began sucking , dragging her lips up and down his full length , delighting in the flavor of not only him , but herself . 
 `` gods , yes . '' 
 lyon fisted her long , dark hair as he watched her suck his shaft hungrily . 
 he was riveted by her jewel-bright eyes that watched him with a mixture of amusement and desire as she worked her tongue , lips and teeth on him . 
 soon he was gripping her temples and pumping his hips , thrusting into her mouth . 
 she took him without complaint , fondling his sac with one hand as she pleasured him , and soon he was shouting her name , spewing his hot seed into her mouth . 
 cordova swallowed every last drop , then sat back on her heels and wiped her lips from her fingertips . 
 the look of pure rapture on the king 's face swelled her with desire . 
 she 'd never thought to feel so smug or accomplished about bringing a man to such pleasure . 
 was this why mistresses were so willing to lie between the sheets with a man they could not marry ? 
 no , surely not . 
 some of the men she 'd seen at court were homely as sin - they had nothing to offer a woman besides their vast coffers . 
 `` for a virgin , '' lyon said as he pulled his hose up . 
 `` you are remarkably skilled . '' 
 cordova lifted a shoulder . 
 `` when one lives in the country , the innocence of the mind is quickly lost . 
 i have heard enough about the act to get an idea of how it is done . '' 
 lyon chuckled . 
 `` such a. . . 
 clinical way of putting it . 
 were you not writhing in my arms a scant few minutes ago , begging for me to give you release ? '' 
 cordova blushed , and said nothing , rising to her feet and smoothing her dress around her hips , obscuring her lovely body once again . 
 he frowned . 
 `` will you really refuse the garments i have provided you ? '' 
 he inquired . 
 `` i really do loathe that dress . '' 
 cordova lifted a shoulder . 
 `` i might consider wearing them ... under one condition . '' 
 lyon raised a brow . 
 `` and that would be ? '' 
 normally he would n't consider her demands , but he was in good spirits just now . 
 `` i. . . 
 there is not very much to do here , '' cordova admitted . 
 `` i should like some books to read , or some cloth and a needle and thread to embroider with . 
 anything to alleviate the tedium during your absences . 
 the king frowned . 
 he certainly did not want her to be idle-unoccupied women could become dangerous . 
 `` i will arrange something for you . '' 
 **** the next morning , after cordova had dressed and broken her fast , she entered the drawing room to discover a pleasant surprise-an entire shelf had been installed next to the piano , crammed full of books . 
 her heart swelled with joy as she rushed over to inspect them-there was some of everything , from philosophical texts to encyclopedias to poetry . 
 `` oh , this is wonderful , '' she breathed , pulling out a leather bound with gilded pages . 
 she took several books from the shelf and brought them with her to the settee , where she was greeted by another surprise-a large , cloth bag . 
 setting the books aside , she pulled out balls of yarn , spools of thread , cloth , and needles . 
 `` how generous , '' she murmured , running her hands over a particularly vibrant ball of yarn-the green was the exact shade of her eyes . 
 the king had n't made any excuses when she 'd hurled her accusations at him , but his behavior belied them all the same . 
 she had n't expected him to be so ... tender ? 
 she was n't sure that was the right word . 
 but he was certainly being very kind to her considering that this was supposed to be her punishment . 
 when he 'd first declared that she was to be his mistress , she 'd envisioned being locked away in some dark chamber , perhaps even chained and at his mercy . 
 but although she was locked away , her chambers were spacious , and she was allowed to live in comfort . 
 and she did n't have to deal with the obnoxious lady grey anymore . 
 oh , what a boon this was turning out to be ! 
 **** weeks passed , in which king lyon made love to her regularly , saturating her life with pleasure . 
 often she would spend the waning hours of the afternoon in a state of lustful anticipation , awaiting his arrival . 
 he had become an addiction to her-she loved the feel of his hands and mouth on her , the way his calluses scraped against her smooth skin , his husky groans of pleasure . 
 even more , he made her feel cherished . 
 oh , there were no words of love from him , and she expected none . 
 but he lavished her with gifts-a jeweled comb here , a ruby necklace there , a gilt rose . 
 he still refused to provide her with a more modest wardrobe , but she 'd grown used to wearing the low-cut , form fitting gowns . 
 it was n't as though anyone else ever saw her , and the hot , hungry look that fired his eyes when they alighted on her cl ** vage was worth it . 
 she loved it when he looked at her like that . 
 nevertheless , she still missed her family . 
 often she would wake in the middle of the night after having a particularly lovely dream about them , and the reality of her situation would crash down upon her shoulders . 
 she could n't stop the tears from coming during those times , and it was worse if lyon happened to be abed with her . 
 he would offer her wordless comfort , never once asking as to what troubled her , and it was awful because she both cared for him and despised him for keeping her from those she loved most . 
 lyon knew all this , of course , and every day that passed the guilt grew stronger within him . 
 for he had come to care for her deeply as well , and it was not easy for him to see her suffer . 
 he 'd intercepted a letter from her mother , and upon opening it was surprised at the warmth in the greeting-the words were infused with love and gratitude , certainly nothing he 'd ever received from his grandfather . 
 and there had been no hint of deception , no evidence to suggest that either of them were plotting against the crown . 
 it was petty of him to continue to hold her , and though he was no stranger to committing petty acts , this one nagged at his conscious . 
 he came to her that afternoon , bearing a manila envelope . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 cordova asked , frowning uneasily . 
 she disliked the melancholy look in his eyes . 
 lyon handed it to her . 
 `` see for yourself . '' 
 cordova opened the envelope and carefully unfolded the letter . 
 her jaw dropped as she scanned the contents-it was a proclamation declaring her cleared of all charges and released from her sentence . 
 `` you ... '' she lifted her shocked gaze to him . 
 what could she say to this , when she was n't sure herself as to how she felt about it ? 
 lyon shrugged . 
 `` you are released from your service to me . 
 i know you have been wishing to return to your family . '' 
 she should be ecstatic but with a torrent of emotions swirling inside of her heart , she could barely find the words . 
 `` i do n't know what to say . '' 
 lyon arched a brow , a hint of a smile on his face . 
 but his eyes , blank of all emotion , told the true story . 
 he did n't care one way or the other if she left him . 
 `` you 'd best get ready . '' 
 he started to turn away , and cordova called out , `` you seem very sure that i 've made up my mind to go . '' 
 lyon whirled back , dark emotion swirling in his eyes . 
 `` you would choose a life with me , knowing that we could never marry , and that any children you bore with me would be bastards , over the constant and unchanging love of your family ? '' 
 cordova 's lips moved , but no words came out , and the king laughed bitterly . 
 `` do n't raise my hopes with false promises , miss thomas . 
 i 'll provide you with a coach and any provisions you need for the journey . '' 
 `` why must you be so cold ? '' 
 cordova lamented , throwing her hands up in the air . 
 `` i feel like you are tossing me to the wayside , like a broken toy you no longer have use for . 
 am i not desirable to you anymore ? '' 
 lyon yanked her against him , growling , and kissed her , forcing her jaw wide as he plunged his tongue into her mouth . 
 his kiss was brutal , punishing , and filled with a combination of longing and frustration . 
 even so , cordova melted into him , her body responding with the same fervor it had when he 'd first laid eyes on her . 
 eventually , he pulled away . 
 `` i will always want you , cordova , '' he breathed , pushing a stray lock of hair from her face . 
 `` but i can not stand to see you in such torment . 
 go to your family . 
 be happy . '' 
 he turned on his heel then , and began to walk away from her . 
 cordova called after him once more , desperate , sorrowful . 
 `` i will come back to you . '' 
 king lyon paused at the threshold of the door , only turning his head slightly to the side but enough to where she caught the glistening in his eyes . 
 `` go home to your family , cordova . 
 you belong with them , not with me . '' 
 without another word , he stepped over the threshold , and out of her life forever . 
