 one phoebe slater brought a baby to the millionaire military hero 's seaside welcome-home gala.undoubtedly most of the guests plucking canapes and champagne from silver trays at this high-profile affair could afford nannies . 
 of course the hilton head island wealthy could also afford tailored tuxedos and sequined high-end dresses as they mingled the evening away in the country club gardens by the shore . 
 her basic little black dress had been bought at a consignment store to wear to the few mandatory cocktail parties related to her position as a history professor at the university of south carolina . 
 of course she usually did n't accessorize with baby drool dotting her shoulder . 
 phoebe jostled the fractious five-month-old infant on her hip , smoothing down the pink smocked dress . 
 `` hang on , sweetie . 
 just a few more minutes and i can feed you before bedtime . '' 
 as waves crashed in the distance , a live band played oldies rock , enticing guests to the dance floor with a billy joel classic . 
 even south carolina 's governor was dancing under the silver silk canopy with his wife . 
 darn near gawking , phoebe stumbled on the edge of the flagstone walkway . 
 definitely this was a party for the movers and shakers in the political world-as well as on the polished wood dance floor planked over the sandy lawn . 
 she untangled her low heel from between two decorative rocks . 
 she was n't here to socialize tonight . 
 she 'd come to find little nina 's father . 
 if only she had a better idea of what he looked like . 
 her longtime friend and old sorority sister-nina 's biological mother-had told phoebe that kyle landis was the baby 's daddy a couple of months ago when she 'd asked for `` just a little help '' with nina while she went on an audition for a dinner-theater production in florida . 
 bianca had been so excited to get her prebaby body back , insisting this was her chance to provide a better life for her daughter . 
 who could have known bianca would n't return ? 
 phoebe hugged nina closer , all the more determined to make sure this precious baby had a stable life . 
 which meant finding kyle landis , a man she 'd never met in the flesh . 
 she 'd hoped to id him by his air force uniform , but the place was packed with tall , dark-haired guys decked out in formal military gear . 
 medals gleamed in the moonlight . 
 cupping the back of nina 's bonnet-covered head as the little one finally dozed off , phoebe scanned the sea of faces , their profiles shadowy with only the illumination of moon , stars and pewter tiki torches . 
 she only had an older photo to go by , a picture tucked deep in the bottom of the flowered diaper bag slung over her clean shoulder . 
 no way was she going to disturb nina by looking , not now that the baby was nearly out for the count . 
 he used to appear in the newspapers frequently when his late father had been a senator . 
 then his mother and brother had stepped into the political spotlight , too . 
 but the family kept kyle out of the media 's scrutiny as much as possible for safety 's sake because of his tours of duty in war zones . 
 the crush of people grew thicker , faces tougher to see . 
 as much as she hated to draw attention to herself , she was going to have to ask for help finding - `` can i get you something ? '' 
 the deep voice rumbled from behind her as if in answer to her very thoughts , jolting her with a clear shot of sexy bass on the salty ocean breeze . 
 lordy , the waiter must rack up tips with that bedroom voice of his . 
 she glanced over her shoulder to ask for a napkin-she 'd forgotten the burp rag again , damn it . 
 her smile froze . 
 captain kyle landis-in the flesh , all right . 
 his dark brown hair was trimmed military short , mellow blue eyes creased at the corners from a deep tan she knew he 'd earned in a middle eastern desert . 
 a broad forehead and strong jawline gave him a masculine appeal just shy of harsh . 
 she should have realized the guy would be even better looking in person . 
 he was a lucky son of a gun from an established old southern family-handsome and rich , with a smoky voice to boot . 
 he 'd even reportedly survived a crash unscathed . 
 his muscled chest in a blue uniform jacket sported at least double the medals of most here , perhaps only outdone by his stepfather , a general . 
 what were the odds of kyle finding her tonight , instead of the other way around ? 
 but then , as the guest of honor , maybe he felt obligated to make sure everyone else was having a good time . 
 `` can i get you something ? '' 
 he repeated , a cut-crystal whiskey glass cradled in his hand . 
 an older woman angled past , whipping a full , ruffled train against phoebe 's leg . 
 the scent of strong perfume made nina sneeze . 
 she readjusted the baby , wishing they were at home in her bentwood rocker rather than here with this man . 
 `` i actually do n't need help anymore , since i was looking for you . '' 
 a dimple dug into his cheek with his one-sided smile . 
 `` i 'm sorry , if we 've met before , i 'm not remembering . '' 
 that dimple would have been charming if she had n't already heard from bianca to be wary of his prep-school-polished sense of humor . 
 she might be out of her financial league here , but she was a smart , determined woman . 
 phoebe forged ahead , needing to say something before he turned her over to a bouncer . 
 `` i 'm not here for myself . '' 
 he glanced behind her quickly , then focused his full , deep-blue-eyed attention on her face again . 
 `` which one of my pals are you with ? 
 we do n't get many chances to meet the wives . '' 
 `` i 'm not married . '' 
 but she had been . 
 she shoved away even the thought of roger before the inevitable stab of pain could steal her focus . 
 kyle 's gaze flicked briefly to nina , then away . 
 so much for him recognizing his child on sight . 
 to be fair , he did n't even know about nina 's existence . 
 bianca had insisted early in the pregnancy that , while she was n't sure if she wanted to keep the baby , she would inform the baby 's father . 
 then later said she 'd chickened out , then could n't find him and certainly did n't want to send this kind of news to him overseas through his family . 
 as if bianca would 've even gotten past personal assistants to talk to anyone in his famous family . 
 it had been a major challenge to gate-crash this shindig , but no security could outdo her determination . 
 that drive-along with channeling some acting tips she 'd picked up from bianca-and phoebe had convinced them all she was the caterer 's assistant 's wife . 
 easy enough to do , since she was more the friend-next-door than the flashy-leading-lady . 
 nothing could stop her , not now that kyle had come home . 
 somebody had to tell him about his new `` little '' responsibility and since bianca was mia , that left it up to her . 
 might as well get this over with . 
 `` is there somewhere we can step aside to talk ? '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , but my mother would haul me back in by my ear if i tried to duck out of my own welcome-home party . '' 
 he angled closer , the fresh scent of his aftershave teasing her nose . 
 `` maybe later , though ? '' 
 undeniable interest flared in his cobalt-blue eyes , his full attention fixed on her . 
 holy crap . 
 could he actually be hitting on her ? 
 she 'd prepared herself for any possible reaction from him-except that . 
 she jolted back a step , holding up one hand . 
 `` wait , that 's not what i meant . '' 
 and even if he were interested enough to actually contact her , what if it took him a week to call ? 
 she did n't have another week to waste waiting for him to phone her back . 
 nina did n't have a week . 
 phoebe patted between the baby 's shoulders , praying she would stay asleep . 
 the last thing she needed was a colicky nuclear meltdown . 
 `` i have to speak with you for five minutes out of earshot of everyone else . 
 i promise i wo n't keep you long and you can get back to your welcome-home party . 
 perhaps you could just escort me to the door ? 
 then you 'll know i 'm truly on my way out of your hair . '' 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 he set his drink on the bar behind him . 
 `` do you need some help with the kid ? '' 
 instinctively , she backed farther away until her butt bumped a column plant-holder , jostling the fern on top . 
 laughing , he held out both hands . 
 `` hey , no need to freak out . 
 i wo n't drop her . 
 i 've never been much of a kid person , but i 'm getting practice lately with my nephew . '' 
 nina had a cousin . 
 how wild to think about , and imagine them playing together happily . 
 nina needed a life full of people who loved her . 
 and the sooner phoebe cleared this up , the sooner nina would be settled . 
 `` we 're fine , but thanks for asking . 
 just lead the way and we 'll follow . '' 
 `` let me know if you change your mind . '' 
 he turned his broad shoulders sideways to slide past a pair of tuxedo-clad teens sneaking refills from the champagne fountain . 
 kyle plucked the glasses from their hands on his way by and passed them to a man from the catering staff . 
 he led phoebe around a corner and stopped in a small , empty alcove with a spindly iron bench and two more large potted ferns on grecian-pillar stands . 
 the party noise muffled down a notch , although the laughter of a nearby couple made her itchy for a room with a door to close . 
 the nook just past an ivy-covered trellis was n't totally private , but it would have to do . 
 stepping away from his towering presence for a bit of breathing room , she eased the diaper bag down onto the iron bench and rolled the kink out of her shoulder . 
 `` do you remember someone named bianca thompson ? '' 
 his eyes went from friendly to reserved . 
 `` yes , why do you ask ? '' 
 nearby laughter swelled as two trophy-wife types ducked into the alcove , one with a silver cigarette case in her hands and the other weaving tipsily behind her . 
 `` oh , '' the woman said , tucking her cigarette case surreptitiously behind her back , `` excuse me . '' 
 kyle 's easy smile came back . 
 `` no problem , ladies . 
 i think there 's another bench just past the palmetto tree wrapped in lights . '' 
 `` thank you , captain . '' 
 the woman flashed a smile back , `` advertising '' with a length of too-tanned leg through the gown 's excessive slit . 
 phoebe watched them disappear faster than the after-waft of their cologne . 
 she turned back to kyle . 
 `` you do n't deny knowing bianca ? '' 
 `` this is getting strange here . '' 
 he scratched the back of his neck . 
 `` you need to cut to the chase ... what was your name again ? '' 
 `` phoebe - '' she paused as a uniformed waiter tucked into the alcove , stopped short and then spun back around to leave , apparently looking for a place to ditch work undetected for a few seconds . 
 good luck with that , buddy , because apparently there was n't a quiet place to be found at this crammed-to-the-gills gala . 
 she hefted nina 's limp-and growing heavier by the second-body higher onto her shoulder . 
 her sweet weight and baby-shampoo-fresh scent tugged at her heart with a reminder of just how important this meeting was to both of their futures . 
 `` phoebe . 
 my name is phoebe slater . 
 bianca and i were sorority sisters , but we 've stayed in touch over the years . '' 
 although not as much as she would have liked during the past two months . 
 she still could hardly believe bianca would just drop off her baby daughter and not look back . 
 `` nice to meet you , phoebe , '' he said , one eyebrow arching up with the implication his patience had about run dry . 
 time was up . 
 there was n't ever going to be the perfect setting for this kind of revelation . 
 she resisted the urge to clutch the baby tighter and bolt . 
 this was n't her child , but she loved her as dearly as if they shared the same blood . 
 in fact , this would be her only chance at motherhood-however brief . 
 when her husband she 'd loved more than life had died , all hopes of being a mother had died with him . 
 no blue eyes would distract her from protecting nina , no social brush-offs would dislodge her from her mission . 
 she would do anything , anything to secure nina 's future . 
 phoebe braced her shoulders and her resolve to push forward with her plan , even if it meant making a deal with a blue-eyed devil . 
 `` meet nina , your daughter . '' 
 damn . 
 another gold digger . 
 party noise droning behind him like the buzz of aircraft engines , kyle rocked back on his heels , his polished uniform shoes squeaking . 
 he 'd worked in intel during his air force career , but it did n't take an investigative mind to determine something was way off with this woman . 
 the second he 'd seen phoebe slater sidle past security , he had been gut-slammed by her appeal . 
 he still could n't pull his eyes off her beacon-pale blond hair , clasped back simply , and her wide mouth that did n't need lipstick or collagen to make it kiss-me sexy . 
 the kid had given him a moment 's pause , but his attention had shifted fast enough back to the totally hot female . 
 he 'd initially sized her up as a down-to-earth sort with unadorned appeal , a simple but intriguing woman . 
 not so simple after all , apparently . 
 perhaps she was n't a gold digger . 
 maybe she was just a deluded psycho . 
 he tucked his fisted hands firmly behind him , glad now he 'd chosen a locale that was only semiprivate , rather than totally secluded . 
 `` ma'am , i 'm certain we 've never met before tonight , and i 'm even more certain we 've never slept together . '' 
 he would have definitely remembered her . 
 `` as cute as your kid is , she 's not mine . '' 
 phoebe slater visibly bristled , her chocolate-brown eyes darkening . 
 `` she 's not my daughter . 
 i 'm just caring for her while her mother-bianca thompson-is away at an audition in southern florida . 
 bianca and i went to school together before she started pursuing her acting career , and i became a history professor . 
 but that 's all beside the point . '' 
 her throat moved in a long swallow . 
 `` i 'm here because nina needs her father . 
 she 's five months old now . '' 
 the hairs on the back of his neck prickled . 
 he had slept with bianca thompson , but he 'd used protection-he always did . 
 they had n't known each other well . 
 it had been more of an impulsive hookup on both their parts , over a year ago , before he 'd left for a year-long deployment to afghanistan . 
 just about the right timing . 
 his gaze snapped to the kid blinking groggily at him with light blue eyes just like his mother , brothers ... damn . 
 plenty of people had blue eyes , and plenty of people knew what his family looked like . 
 and those same people would know about the landis family 's hefty investment portfolio . 
 his youngest brother had even had a false paternity suit filed against him by someone he 'd actually cared about . 
 kyle bit back a curse . 
 he needed to stop this conversation now , until he could regroup with some more information on this woman . 
 preferably in a place where he did n't have to worry about everyone from the press to the governor of south carolina overhearing . 
 `` ma'am - '' `` slater . 
 i am phoebe slater . '' 
 she rubbed soothing little circles between the baby 's shoulders , swaying back and forth like a pro . 
 impressive . 
 he knew from his brother and sister-in-law how tough it was to keep a little rug rat quiet at this age . 
 `` okay , ms. slater , let 's schedule a time for this conversation when we 're not trying to speak over a band and we 're certain not to be interrupted - '' `` and this is nina . '' 
 she angled sideways so the baby 's chubby-cheeked face was fully in view . 
 cute kid . 
 but that was irrelevant . 
 `` i do n't think this is the - '' `` her mother is bianca thompson . '' 
 she 'd said that already , but hearing it again made him really look at the baby . 
 she did n't have bianca 's red hair . 
 the baby had dark brown hair . 
 like him . 
 `` where is bianca ? 
 why am i talking to you instead of her ? '' 
 his suspicions mounted as he tried to put the pieces together before this blew up in a very public setting . 
 his mother had gone to a lot of trouble putting together this shindig commemorating his homecoming . 
 it meant a lot to her , since this also marked the end of his military commitment . 
 in two weeks , he would start his new career as the head of the landis foundation 's international interests . 
 he did n't want his family upset needlessly by a scene . 
 family was everything . 
 his eyes flicked uneasily back to the baby , looking too darn cute in her pink dress . 
 `` i was only supposed to watch nina until bianca settled in at her new place in southern florida . 
 then weeks turned into months . 
 when she stopped calling , i got worried and notified the police to file a missing person 's report . 
 which then brought child services into the picture , and if i do n't figure out something soon - '' phoebe 's chin quivered briefly before steadying again '' - they 're going to put nina into the foster care system . '' 
 he was n't sure what she was up to anymore , but truth be told , even a conversation with a crazy woman was more engaging than the small talk he 'd made tonight with people who were mostly here for the free food and a chance to rub elbows with politicians . 
 phoebe slater was anything but boring . 
 `` so you want me to take in this child , with no proof of who you are or who this kid is . '' 
 `` just hear me out . '' 
 her eyes turned a deeper shade of brown , panic glinting . 
 his instincts went on alert . 
 if this woman was a crook-or a psycho-the kid could be in danger . 
 that changed things entirely . 
 `` you know , maybe i should hold the baby after all , while we check into things . '' 
 `` you 're doubting me now , are n't you ? 
 smart man . '' 
 she secured the sleeping baby and leaned to dig through the voluminous diaper bag on the bench . 
 good lord , he could have stuffed all his military gear in that sack . 
 his eyes dropped to her hips , to the sweet curve of her bottom as she rifled past diapers and a bottle . 
 was she really a college professor ? 
 he 'd certainly never had any profs that looked like her . 
 what a waste to have all that appeal packaged in a woman he could n't go anywhere near . 
 she straightened and turned back to face him , drawing his eyes upward . 
 `` okay , captain landis , i thought you would want proof . 
 and well you should . '' 
 she pulled out a file of papers . 
 `` i 've got her birth certificate , photos and a notarized letter from bianca stating i 'm a babysitter for nina , authorizing me to get medical attention for her . 
 i even included a copy of my driver 's license . '' 
 he took the file from her and flipped it open , angling so his shoulders blocked any passersby from possibly seeing the contents . 
 he scanned the first page , with pictures of bianca thompson holding a baby with wide blue eyes . 
 the hair on the back of his neck prickled again . 
 he turned to the next page and read through the birth certificate ... with his name in the `` father '' box . 
 he exhaled hard . 
 true or not , he still needed a second to process seeing his name in that context . 
 not that he had anything against kids-he liked his nephew well enough . 
 he 'd just planned to leave perpetuating the landis name to his brothers . 
 thumbing to the last page , he found a copy of phoebe slater 's driver 's license . 
 the picture was unflattering , to say the least , with eyes deer-in-the-headlight wide and no smile , but without question it was her . 
 all of which proved nothing , in and of itself . 
 why the hell had n't bianca notified him ? 
 she had plenty of contact numbers . 
 he may have been out of the country , but his family had all been firmly here on u.s. soil . 
 the more he thought about this , the less it made sense . 
 if the little girl was his , he would move forward and take responsibility . 
 landises did n't shirk their responsibilities . 
 but , for the child 's safety as well , he needed to investigate this claim and this woman further . 
 he closed the file and tucked it under his arm . 
 `` i 'm going to need some time to look over this . 
 i ca n't just take home a child because you say - '' she laughed , her breath gusting a straggled strand of blond hair . 
 she scraped it away and behind her ear . 
 `` no , you completely misunderstand . 
 i do n't want you to take her . 
 i got the message loud and clear from bianca that you 're not interested in settling down . 
 and truly , i love this little girl . '' 
 she rested her cheek on top of the baby 's head with unmistakable maternal affection . 
 `` i want to be her mother . 
 i want to adopt her , if at all possible . '' 
 he should be relieved ... but something was still off . 
 his instincts from battling overseas bellowed loud and clear that there were more land mines ahead . 
 `` then why are you here ? '' 
 `` i 'm here to keep nina out of the foster care system , '' she said , her words tumbling together as she blurted , `` i 'm here to ask you to marry me . '' 
 two phoebe bit her lip , cringing inside over having blurted the `` proposal '' rather than easing him into the idea the way she 'd mentally rehearsed.too late to call back the words now . 
 the band segued into a motown ballad , the crooner 's tune filling the silence while she waited for kyle 's reaction . 
 not for the first time , she cursed bianca for disappearing , while praying that her old friend had n't landed in some kind of trouble . 
 or worse . 
 meanwhile , she had to make use of whatever allies she could find , and please , please she hoped kyle would fall into that category . 
 she searched his face for some clue of his feelings , but he guarded his emotions well . 
 finally , he raised a hand shoulder-high . 
 she tensed , wondering , waiting and definitely keeping her trap shut for now . 
 she was a thinker , a plotter , damn it . 
 bianca was the impulsive one . 
 kyle spanned a broad palm along nina 's back protectively , his gold college ring glinting in the flickering candlelight . 
 `` let me hold the kid for a minute . '' 
 relief gusted from her so fully that she had n't even realized she 'd been holding her breath . 
 she 'd hardly dared hope it would be this easy for him to connect with his daughter - then the glow from the pewter tiki torches revealed the glimmer of alarm in his eyes , quickly covered as he flashed a pacifying smile . 
 damn . 
 he thought she was off her rocker to the point he feared for nina . 
 as if she would do anything to harm this child . 
 although she 'd surely screwed up in pushing so hard and fast for his help . 
 `` i 'm not crazy , and i 'm the last person who would ever hurt nina . '' 
 she cradled the sleeping girl closer until he relaxed his hands , if not his stance . 
 `` i did n't mean to spring that last part on you so bluntly , but you were ready to leave and i do n't have time to be subtle . '' 
 `` is there a subtle way to ask a total stranger to marry you ? '' 
 phoebe ignored his sarcasm . 
 `` child services is going to take her since i ca n't find her mother . 
 i just need to buy a little time until i can settle things for nina . '' 
 she did n't know what else to do . 
 nina had no one except her ... and this man . 
 her father . 
 `` i still think you 're half-cracked , but i 'm listening . '' 
 he folded his arms over his chest . 
 was he settling in or blocking her exit ? 
 either way , she needed to talk fast . 
 `` okay , so maybe the marriage idea seems extreme , but i 'm desperate here . '' 
 backing off the proposal seemed prudent since she had a serious aversion to ending up in a straitjacket . 
 `` my primary concern is keeping nina secure . 
 she 's already had too much upheaval , with bianca dropping out of her life so abruptly . '' 
 `` this is a lot to digest , '' he said , his voice neutral , his eyes still watching her guardedly . 
 his military aura swelled unmistakably . 
 he might not be thinking of himself as nina 's father , but he clearly would stand between the baby girl and any perceived threat all the same . 
 her frayed nerves snapped . 
 `` if you can think of another alternative to keeping her out of the foster care system , i 'm more than happy to climb on board . '' 
 he cocked a thick , dark brow . 
 `` excuse me for being slow on the uptake , but i did n't know until ninety seconds ago that i even had a child . '' 
 `` if you 'd stayed in touch with bianca after you deployed , you may have - '' she bit her tongue to keep from saying anything else , when she longed to shout out her frustration as she saw her last hope for help slipping away . 
 his eyebrows slammed down and together . 
 `` you ca n't actually be blaming me because bianca kept this a secret . 
 if what you say is even true . 
 i had my hands full fighting a war . '' 
 her anger defused and sympathy slid into the void . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 you 're right . 
 this is a lot to take in and i do n't mean to be combative . '' 
 his jaw flexed as he paused to gather his composure . 
 `` arguing wo n't get us anywhere . '' 
 `` i completely agree . '' 
 still , he kept his post in front of the arbor trellis , sprawling ivy cascading down the sides like spiky tentacles ready to snag her in place . 
 `` regardless of what came before , we need to decide on a plan of action from this point forward , which i absolutely refuse to talk about in a place where anyone could overhear . 
 there are no less than seven people from the press attending this shindig my mother put together to welcome me back . '' 
 he had a point there . 
 while press coverage could be helpful in finding bianca , it could also bring the wrath of child services down on her head . 
 she had to strike a delicate balance here . 
 at least kyle was still talking to her . 
 maybe he would have an idea , and if not , then she could bring up the marriage idea again with more finesse . 
 it was outrageous , sure , but not that totally out there . 
 she reassured herself for probably the thousandth time that this was n't a totally crazy idea . 
 although she could imagine her long-dead parents wincing over her whole plan . 
 she 'd thought this through . 
 people got hitched in vegas every day for far more flimsy reasons . 
 wedding vows meant next to nothing to most people these days . 
 and they would certainly mean nothing to her ever again . 
 she started toward him . 
 their cubby of space went darker as another person strode under the ivy-covered arch , snapping phoebe back into the present . 
 she needed to be on guard for those press people he 'd mentioned . 
 backlit , the shadowy figure was still obviously a woman . 
 `` kyle , dear , there you are . '' 
 an older blond woman stepped into the glow of the flickering light . 
 she rested a hand on his arm , manicured nails tipped white . 
 his mother . 
 even if ginger landis renshaw were n't famous for her political prowess as a former senator and then secretary of state , phoebe would have noticed the family resemblance . 
 their hair color was different but their faces , their smiles , were the same . 
 somewhere in her early fifties and carrying it well , ginger smoothed a hand over her simple red chanel evening gown , almost managing to disguise her curiosity . 
 `` our guests are beginning to ask where you 've run off to . '' 
 `` mom , we need to find an empty room and talk . 
 immediately . '' 
 he stepped aside , clearing the view for the woman 's gaze to fall squarely on phoebe . 
 ginger 's blue eyes darkened from curiosity to concern . 
 `` kyle ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` not now , mom , '' he said quietly , his voice urgent . 
 `` we need to move this to a room , preferably one with a closed door . '' 
 she straightened with a take-charge efficiency that had won respect around the world during her secretary-of-state days . 
 that political sway continued now in her tenure as ambassador to a small but politically powerful south-american country . 
 `` of course . 
 this way . '' 
 she tucked out of their garden nook and sliced a path straight into the country club . 
 a quick flick of her hand had the manager rushing ahead to unlock his office . 
 phoebe followed , unable to squelch her awe at this woman who made things happen so effortlessly . 
 damn it . 
 forget awe . 
 she would stand down anyone for nina if need be . 
 but she hoped she would find an ally in a political powerhouse . 
 the door clicked closed behind them , sealing them inside an office with looming dark furniture and heavy tapestry upholstery . 
 the scent of furniture polish and fresh-cut flowers coated the air thickly . 
 ginger turned toward her son but looked at phoebe and gestured toward a wingback chair . 
 `` have a seat , dear . 
 even little babies can grow quite heavy when you 've been holding them for too long . '' 
 phoebe blinked back her surprise and sat . 
 disobeying this woman would n't dawn on her , and her feet were throbbing . 
 all the same , she would n't relax her guard for even a second . 
 winning his mother 's support was just as important as gaining kyle 's trust . 
 ginger pinned her son with a questioning stare . 
 he scratched the back of his neck . 
 `` mom , it appears i may have left a child behind when i went to afghanistan . '' 
 kyle knew one thing in this crazy , mixed-up night . 
 give a landis a crisis and they start things cranking at mach speed . 
 he had no more than announced the possibility of this child being his and his mom had spun into action . 
 she 'd called for her trusted assistant and gathered the rest of the family . 
 so much for keeping things secret . 
 with four landis brothers , two of whom were married , that made for quite a group packed into the country club office . 
 his brother sebastian sat at the sprawling wood desk , putting his legal eagle-eye and degree to work reviewing the documents . 
 the rest of the family seemed transfixed around the wingback chair where phoebe fed the little scrap of a kid a bottle . 
 kyle paced . 
 he damn near wore a hole in the persian rug as he moved restlessly behind his brother . 
 sebastian was a year younger than kyle , but his quiet soberness had always made him seem older . 
 they needed his calm efficiency right now . 
 sebastian closed the file and glanced up somberly . 
 `` is she your daughter ? '' 
 kyle stopped in his tracks and dropped to sit on the edge of the desk , his foot twitching . 
 `` it 's a distinct possibility . '' 
 a possibility that still sucker-punched him harder than the missile that had taken down his aircraft in afghanistan . 
 he pinched the bridge of his nose briefly before his hand fell away . 
 `` if she 's really bianca thompson 's daughter , the timing of our , uh , week together lines up . '' 
 `` a week , huh ? '' 
 a rare hint of humor lit his normally serious brother 's eyes . 
 kyle was n't in the mood to laugh . 
 `` we hooked up when i was in between rotations overseas . 
 neither of us was interested in anything long-term . '' 
 `` you never are . '' 
 sebastian looked away and back at the papers . 
 yeah , he was n't known for serious relationships , but at least he understood himself , rather than sending out mixed signals . 
 `` which makes it all the more ironic that phoebe would toss out a marriage proposal to me . '' 
 `` i think it makes her seem like a more logical type . '' 
 sebastian kept his voice low enough that the cluster of people a few feet away would n't hear . 
 `` if she knows your reputation , then she has no reason to worry about you growing attached to her or the baby . '' 
 `` she said she only tossed it out there in desperation . 
 that she did n't really mean it , and could i come up with something else . '' 
 still it rattled around in his head . 
 `` you got any suggestions ? '' 
 sebastian scrubbed a hand over his face , a near mirror image of kyle 's . 
 `` i think the first order of business is finding out if she 's really yours . 
 i 've never been one who could see great-aunt whoever 's chin on some infant , but i have to confess , she looks just like a landis . '' 
 the uncertainty was already chewing him up inside . 
 `` any idea how long it takes for the results of a paternity test ? '' 
 `` got ta admit , i 've never needed one . '' 
 his eyes slid over to his wife with obvious affection . 
 their son had been born a few months ago , a surprise pregnancy after the crushing loss of the baby daughter they 'd adopted , only to have the birth mother change her mind . 
 `` jonah should know , though . '' 
 their youngest brother had always been a hell-raiser , so much so that after a while it became tough to distinguish between truth and reputation . 
 kyle had always understood his younger brother better than the rest of the family , although the military had helped him rein in his wilder impulses . 
 and yet still , somehow , he may have screwed up . 
 `` the sooner we can clear this up , the better . '' 
 `` what do you know about her ? '' 
 sebastian nodded toward phoebe , who was lifting the baby up to burp , a hand towel from the bathroom draped over her shoulder . 
 `` nothing at all . '' 
 kyle flipped open the manila file folder again and thumbed through the papers . 
 `` i 'd never met her , but those photos of her with bianca look real . '' 
 `` the private investigator i keep on retainer will be able to verify her story by morning . 
 the fact that she lives and works in state makes things easier all the way around . '' 
 sebastian tapped the documents spilling out across the desk . 
 `` everything seems authentic and in order though . 
 we 'll see soon . '' 
 not soon enough . 
 `` so , we 're stuck for now . '' 
 kyle lowered his voice , even though no one across the room seemed to be paying any attention to them . 
 `` either she 's on the up-and-up helping out a friend , in which case she needs help , so the baby stays . 
 or she 's a nutcase , in which case for the baby 's safety , she has to stay . '' 
 `` be careful , my brother . '' 
 sebastian leaned closer . 
 `` there 's a lot of money at stake here . '' 
 sebastian 's wife glanced over her shoulder . 
 `` men are so cynical . '' 
 damn , he could have sworn they were keeping their voices down . 
 could phoebe have overheard them too ? 
 not that they 'd really said anything that mattered . 
 she should expect they would have her investigated . 
 the wife of their oldest brother , matthew , stepped aside , opening the circle as she caressed the slight curve of her stomach . 
 `` they 're right to be concerned , '' ashley said . 
 `` i 've seen some sad cases of how heartless people can be when it comes to the needs of a child . '' 
 their youngest brother , jonah , snorted , lounging on the other wingback chair , one leg draped over the armrest . 
 `` who are you condemning here ? 
 the baby 's mother or phoebe ? '' 
 ginger rested a hand on the back of phoebe 's chair and shot her sons a censuring stare that had n't lost its impact over the years . 
 `` i 'm sorry you had to hear that . 
 my boys should be more diplomatic . '' 
 kyle watched his mother win over phoebe with a few well-chosen words . 
 there was no doubting who wore the diplomatic mantle in their family . 
 `` i 'm not offended , '' phoebe said . 
 `` in fact , i 'm relieved that you 're all being practical about this . 
 that bodes well for nina , and i have nothing to hide . '' 
 jonah twitched back an overlong lock of hair from his brow . 
 `` lady , i have to confess , this all sounds a little hinky to me . 
 you would n't be the first person to want a piece of the landis lucrative pie . '' 
 `` i 'm not here for money . '' 
 she patted nina 's back steadily until the baby burped , then lowered her to the crook of her arm . 
 `` i only need time . 
 i want to keep her out of foster care until we can find her mother , and if we ca n't , then it 's my hope i can adopt her . '' 
 jonah tugged his dangling tux tie free ... not that it had even been tied before they stepped back here for the family confab with phoebe . 
 `` then let the legal system sort it out . 
 if you 're best for her , that 's where she 'll land . '' 
 ginger waved her rebellious youngest son up from the chair and motioned for pregnant ashley to sit . 
 ashley smiled her appreciation as she sat with a heavy sigh . 
 `` it 's not that cut-and-dried . 
 i was lucky . '' 
 phoebe smoothed her hand over the baby 's head with obvious affection , but her face creased with concern . 
 `` yours is a success story , then ? '' 
 `` my foster sisters and i found a wonderful home with ` aunt ' libby and were better off . 
 claire 's biological mother wanted to keep her , but was too young and did n't have the money . 
 starr 's parents were criminals who refused to relinquish custody . 
 my parents gave me up . '' 
 quiet ashley grew more fervent as she spoke . 
 `` not all of the girls who were placed with aunt libby came straight there from their biological parents , though . 
 most foster parents are well-meaning , big-hearted people , but there are some ... '' she shook her head in obvious disgust . 
 the defender in kyle , the military part of him that had spent the past six years of his life protecting , made him want to pluck the kid up and keep her safe from the world . 
 how much stronger would those feelings become if it turned out the baby was his ? 
 phoebe rested her cheek on nina 's head . 
 `` i do n't want to run any risk of nina landing in an unloving home for even a day . '' 
 `` exactly , '' ashley agreed . 
 `` some people do n't have choices . 
 there are options here for little nina . '' 
 his mother nodded . 
 `` i 've already spoken with my assistant and she 's scheduled a paternity test . '' 
 `` on a weekend ? '' 
 apparently phoebe did n't grasp his mother 's ability to move mountains . 
 ginger toyed with one of her diamond stud earrings . 
 `` we 'll have an answer before child services opens on monday morning . '' 
 time to test how far she was willing to go with this . 
 he put his hands behind his back , military bearing tough to shake even with his separation papers in the works . 
 `` since you all seem so certain nina is mine , we might as well start moving her things into my wing of the house . '' 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 phoebe 's eyes went wide with alarm . 
 `` um , nina and i are already settled in our hotel , but thank you . '' 
 kyle braced a hand across the door . 
 `` if there 's even a chance that 's my daughter , i 'm not letting you just walk out of here with her . '' 
 phoebe looked around nervously , then bolstered , her arms locked around nina . 
 `` i 'm not leaving her behind . '' 
 `` i do n't expect you to . '' 
 nobody was going anywhere until he had answers . 
 `` you 'll both be staying with me at the family compound . '' 
 three she did n't have a choice but to go with him , and she knew it . 
 sitting in the back of kyle 's mercedes sedan beside nina in her car seat , phoebe just wished she 'd foreseen this twist in the plans.his broad shoulders , encased in the uniform jacket , spread in front of her in the driver 's seat . 
 he guided the luxury car through the security gate into the landis family beach compound . 
 as the gates swung closed behind them , she shifted closer to nina , the infant asleep and drooling in her rear-facing car seat . 
 morning was going to come early after this late night and she needed any edge she could scavenge to soothe her already frazzled nerves . 
 by appealing to kyle for help , she 'd also made herself vulnerable . 
 one call from him to child services could steal her few days ' window to secure nina 's future . 
 she had n't felt so powerless since she 'd watched helplessly while her husband had drowned . 
 her gaze skimmed nervously ahead to the beachside hilton head mansion owned by the landis family . 
 kyle had told her that his lawyer-brother and wife had a home a few miles away , and the oldest brother , a senator , and his wife had an antebellum mansion in downtown charleston . 
 kyle had kept his gear in the third-floor quarters of the mansion since he 'd deployed so often . 
 she 'd rubbed elbows with plenty of affluent families at the college fund-raisers , but she 'd never visited anywhere nearly this opulent . 
 in spite of insisting she did n't need money , a hotel over the weekend would have taken a chunk out of her account . 
 she had to keep her savings intact for any legal fees she might need in adopting nina . 
 staying here was the fiscally smart thing to do . 
 she 'd seen photos from a good housekeeping spread when she 'd looked up the landis family on google for more details , and she 'd read about their diversified fortune that increased under the savvy care of each generation . 
 but no picture could have prepared her for the breathtaking view . 
 on prime oceanfront property , they 'd built a sprawling white three-story house with victorian peaks overlooking the atlantic . 
 a lengthy set of stairs stretched upward to the second-story wraparound porch that housed the main entrance . 
 latticework shielded most of the first floor , which appeared to be a large entertainment area . 
 just as in charleston , many homes so close to the water were built up as a safeguard against tidal floods from hurricanes . 
 the attached garage had so many doors she stopped counting . 
 his sedan rolled to a stop beside the house , providing a view of the dense green bushes behind them and the atlantic shore in front of them . 
 an organic-shaped pool was situated between the house and beach , the chlorinated waters of the hot tub at the base churning a glistening swirl in the moonlight . 
 he put the car in park and reached for the door . 
 `` i 'll get your things from the trunk while you unload the munchkin . '' 
 kyle stepped out before she could even answer . 
 apparently he 'd inherited his mother 's take-charge attitude . 
 phoebe walked around to the other side of the mercedes , security lights activating like sunrise coming early , and unhooked the carrier from the car-seat base so as not to wake nina . 
 he lifted her small suitcase and duffel with a porta-crib out of the trunk . 
 `` you sure do travel light compared to most women i 've met . '' 
 `` i had only planned to stay overnight . '' 
 she 'd pretty much counted on getting his support and then heading home in the morning , a naive fantasy now that she saw how complicated things were becoming as reality played out . 
 `` i have a job to get back to in columbia . '' 
 he gestured toward the sprawling staircase . 
 `` then you can leave nina here . '' 
 she hesitated at the bottom step , suddenly claustrophobic about entering his house . 
 sheesh , it was n't like he could lock them away in the attic . 
 `` i wo n't abandon her . '' 
 `` and neither will i , '' he said with unmistakable determination , which made her glad for nina . 
 if she could trust him . 
 she looked away from his persuasive blue eyes and back up the length of stairs . 
 this would be temporary , until he left on his next assignment , then she could resume her life . 
 `` it seems we 're at an impasse . '' 
 `` what about your job ? '' 
 his intoxicating bass drifted after her shoulder as he followed her up the outside wooden steps . 
 `` i 'm teaching all my classes online this semester anyway . '' 
 she 'd adjusted her schedule to be with nina , seeing this as her once-in-a-lifetime chance to take care of a baby . 
 little had she known when bianca dropped off her daughter ... `` i can work from here until we have things settled . '' 
 until he left . 
 she would have her life back on track shortly . 
 his job , along with his track record for short relationships , would have him out of her life soon . 
 and she really did n't have any other options if she wanted to keep nina . 
 she pointed to the cluster of live oaks and palmettos framing a two-story carriage house . 
 `` who lives there ? '' 
 `` my youngest brother , jonah . 
 he 's finishing up his graduate studies in architecture . 
 he stays here between internship trips to europe . '' 
 white with slate-blue shutters , the carriage house was larger than most family homes , certainly bigger than her little apartment in downtown columbia . 
 `` it 's lovely . '' 
 she understood he came from money , but seeing kyle 's lifestyle laid out so grandly only emphasized their different roots . 
 phoebe gripped the increasingly heavy car seat with both hands as she reached the top of the stairs . 
 the tall double doors opened before kyle could even reach forward . 
 his lawyer brother , sebastian , filled the entrance , their appearances close enough to be mistaken for twins . 
 except the lawyer did n't have kyle 's laugh lines . 
 `` you finally made it . '' 
 kyle deposited her bags on the polished wood floor . 
 `` i drove slower because of the kid . 
 where 's mom ? '' 
 `` still at the club with the general closing out the party so it 's not as obvious we 're gone . '' 
 sebastian eyed phoebe and nina briefly then looked back at his brother . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 kyle ushered her into the cavernous foyer . 
 `` as soon as i get them settled . '' 
 a woman , the wife of the lawyer brother , stood waiting in the archway leading to a mammoth living room with a wall of windows overlooking the ocean . 
 `` i can show her around . '' 
 the woman-marianna , she 'd been called back at the country club-swept a loose dark curl from her face . 
 `` you 'll want to put the baby to bed . 
 i 'll take you to your rooms . '' 
 phoebe glanced into the hall where kyle had deposited her bag . 
 `` did the porta-crib make it inside ? '' 
 `` do n't worry , '' marianna reassured her . 
 `` everything 's taken care of . '' 
 still , phoebe hesitated . 
 what did the brothers need to speak about that she could n't hear ? 
 suspicion nipped her ragged nerves , but there was n't anything she could do about it , especially in her exhausted state . 
 maybe she could ferret some information of her own from this woman while kyle was out of the room . 
 she smiled back at marianna . 
 `` thank you , i appreciate your help . '' 
 marianna extended her hand for the diaper bag . 
 `` let me . 
 those things weigh a ton . 
 come on and i 'll show you to the nursery . '' 
 `` there 's a nursery here ? '' 
 `` my husband and i live a few miles away , but grandma ginger keeps everything we need here if our little guy needs to nap . 
 ginger 's second husband , hank renshaw , also has grandchildren from his daughters . 
 between us all , we make good use of that room . 
 you 'll find everything you could possibly need in there . '' 
 still , phoebe hesitated . 
 giving nina a room here , even a temporary one , seemed such a huge step . 
 one she should have been happy about . 
 marianna hitched the pink-flowered diaper bag over her shoulder . 
 `` there 's a nursery monitor so you can hear the least little peep if she needs you . '' 
 even swaying with exhaustion , phoebe hesitated . 
 `` i do n't think i could leave her to wake up alone in a strange place . '' 
 marianna 's face softened with understanding . 
 `` there 's also a daybed in the nursery if you would rather sleep in there with her . '' 
 `` show me the way . '' 
 marianna started the winding walk through pale-yellow halls until phoebe wondered if she would be able to find her way back out of the landis world again . 
 beach landscapes mingled with framed family candids that added a surprise touch of hominess to the designer decor . 
 a grandfather clock ticked , their footsteps muffled by the light patterned oriental rugs . 
 phoebe could n't take the silence any longer . 
 besides , she would never learn anything from the woman this way . 
 `` are n't you going to ask me if i 'm lying ? 
 everyone else doubts me . '' 
 marianna glanced back with a reassuring smile , her thick dark hair swishing like the clock 's pendulum . 
 `` i believe you 're telling us the truth about nina being kyle 's daughter . '' 
 `` how can you be so certain ? '' 
 marianna gestured to a portrait on the hall wall , a painting of an infant boy . 
 undisguised love shone in her eyes . 
 `` that 's my son , sebastian edward landis junior . 
 and very obviously nina 's cousin . '' 
 she tapped four other framed images of babies along the way , all with striking blue eyes . 
 `` these are of matthew , kyle , sebastian and jonah when they were little . 
 there 's no mistaking the landis look . '' 
 she totally agreed . 
 the deep blue eyes , the signature one-sided smile ... they all had it , as did nina . 
 `` if you see the likeness , why ca n't they ? '' 
 `` because i 'm evaluating with maternal eyes , and so are you . '' 
 marianna stopped in front of a closed door , her hand resting on the brass handle . 
 `` we see them in a way nobody else ever will . '' 
 marianna 's words stabbed her with an inescapable reality . 
 `` i 'm not her mother . '' 
 `` you 're willing to do anything for nina . 
 in my eyes , that makes you her mother . '' 
 marianna looked at her with an understanding . 
 `` the family will want a paternity test for legal reasons , of course . 
 they 're that way about details , but truly it will protect nina 's interests as much as their own . '' 
 `` those results take a while , do n't they ? '' 
 would they know soon enough to satisfy a family court judge ? 
 `` nothing takes long when you 're a landis . 
 they 're an impatient bunch and have the money on hand to see that their wishes are met speedily . 
 do n't worry . 
 you 'll get your answer quickly . '' 
 marianna swept open the door to reveal an airy nursery , decorated in neutral sea-foam-green , a white crib on one wall with a coordinated white daybed tucked under a window . 
 a fat , delicious-looking rocker and ottoman took up a corner underneath a mural of fairy-tale characters . 
 `` here we are . '' 
 `` thank you for showing me the way . '' 
 phoebe stepped inside with mixed feelings , wishing she could have given nina all this and more . 
 marianna kept her hand on the open door . 
 `` i 'm sure kyle will check in when he 's done talking with sebastian , but i really need to head home now so the sitter can leave . 
 i do n't like being away from little edward too long . 
 good luck . '' 
 `` hopefully i wo n't need it . '' 
 with a smile and a quick squeeze of her arm , marianna seemed to sense her worry . 
 `` it will be fine . 
 you 'll both be fine . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 she closed the door behind her . 
 the click reminded phoebe of her plans to learn more from the woman . 
 she had n't found out much more than confirmation of what she 'd already known in her heart . 
 nina was a landis . 
 long after marianna left and nina was tucked in her crib , phoebe sat on the daybed , hugging her knees and staring out at the ocean , unable to sleep . 
 too many questions , uncertainties , fears churned in her mind like the curling waves , rolling and retreating only to crash right back over her again . 
 one thing shone through as clearly as the moonlight slashing away at the murky depths . 
 the landises had power . 
 the kind of money and impatience that could buy an overnight paternity test could surely oust anyone who did n't belong in their elite world . 
 with no blood claim to nina , and bianca gone , phoebe could easily find herself at odds with kyle all too soon . 
 after having been helpless while she 'd watched her husband leave her , she could n't tamp down the reflexive fear of having someone she loved taken from her again . 
 parked behind the desk in the family study , kyle scrubbed a hand along his bristly face that had long ago gone past a five-o'clock shadow . 
 early morning rays from the sun were just beginning to poke through the horizon and past floor-to-ceiling windows . 
 answers were piercing through just as surely . 
 sebastian slept on the butter-yellow leather sofa in front of built-in library shelves of warm oak , but kyle kept watch for the updates that had been coming in from the private investigator over his blackberry throughout the night , while doing some checking on his own . 
 money and the internet provided a wealth of fast information . 
 so far , everything about phoebe slater 's story checked out . 
 she did , in fact , work at the university of south carolina . 
 she 'd been a history professor on campus for three years , but for the fall semester had abruptly shifted to teaching only online classes-right about the time nina would have entered her life full-time . 
 bianca thompson had indeed gone to school with phoebe , and bianca had given birth to a daughter named nina . 
 he cradled his blackberry in his hand , staring at the latest report . 
 the one that had surprised him . 
 phoebe was a widow . 
 the circumstances of how her husband had died were simply listed as accidental drowning . 
 that explained the haunted look that never left her eyes , even when she smiled , which was only when she looked at the kid . 
 this was getting complicated . 
 he shoved restlessly to his feet , pacing , farther and farther away from the desk until he found himself making his way through the halls , toward the nursery where marianna had said both nina and phoebe were staying . 
 the door was cracked slightly open . 
 the baby slept on in the crib his mother had set up for her grandchildren . 
 they 'd expected matthew and ashley 's baby , due this winter , to be the next addition . 
 who could have foreseen this ? 
 he stepped deeper into the room-and stopped short . 
 phoebe sat curled up in a corner of the daybed , asleep with her cheek resting against the windowsill . 
 the sheet and coverlet twisted around her , attesting to a restless night . 
 she still wore her little black number from the party , but she 'd kicked off her strappy heels . 
 the delicate arches of her bare feet called to him to stroke up her legs , explore the softness of her skin . 
 her white-blond hair streaked over her face , the silver clasp discarded on the bedside table . 
 given they both wore the same clothes from the night before , they could have been a couple ending a long , satisfying night together . 
 except she was n't here for him . 
 he started to back out and his uniform shoe squeaked . 
 phoebe jolted awake . 
 she shoved her silky blond hair away from her eyes , blinking fast , adding to her sultry morning-after appeal . 
 `` what ? 
 nina ? '' 
 kyle held a finger to his mouth . 
 `` the kid 's still sleeping , '' he said softly , striding closer . 
 `` no need to get up yet , unless you want to go to shower and change . '' 
 he really did n't need an image of her showering seared in his brain . 
 `` i can , uh , keep an eye on her . '' 
 he had his blackberry . 
 he could still work from here . 
 she tugged a strap back up her arm . 
 `` i only meant to close my eyes for a second after i put on her pj 's , and then i was going to unpack and put on something else . 
 i must have fallen asleep . '' 
 `` you have reason to be tired after yesterday , traveling with a baby on your own , then sleeping sitting up . '' 
 she shifted free of the tangled covers . 
 `` i did n't want her to wake up in a strange place and be scared . '' 
 an image of the little tyke 's face scrunched up and crying sucker-punched him . 
 damn . 
 and he did n't even know if she was his yet . 
 `` i really , uh , do n't mind staying here with the kid while you sleep or shower . '' 
 `` her name is nina . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` you keep calling her ` the kid ' or ` rug rat ' or other generic things . '' 
 phoebe swung her slim legs from the bed , her simple black dress rucking up to her knees . 
 `` she 's a person-nina elizabeth thompson . '' 
 `` i know what her name is . '' 
 he dragged his eyes away from the enticing curve of phoebe 's legs and back to her equally intriguing face . 
 `` i saw her birth certificate . 
 she 's nina . '' 
 nina . 
 a person . 
 his eyes went to the crib where the little girl-nina-slept on her back in fuzzy pink , footed pj 's , sucking on one tiny fist in her sleep . 
 a plastic panda teething toy lay beside her head . 
 for the first time in a crazy-ass night , he stood still long enough to think beyond the weekend . 
 what if nina turned out to be his ? 
 what if-as sebastian had warned him-the courts still opted to put her in a foster home for even a short period of time ? 
 no . 
 freaking . 
 way . 
 he had to stack the odds in his favor , in nina 's favor , just in case this little girl belonged to him . 
 damn . 
 he was actually considering phoebe 's proposal . 
 his hand fell to rest on the crib railing . 
 he glanced over his shoulder at phoebe . 
 `` you 've given this paper marriage thing some thought . '' 
 `` i have n't thought of much but that . '' 
 she stood , her eyes wary . 
 `` does this mean you 're thinking about it , too ? '' 
 `` i wo n't turn my back on my responsibility . '' 
 he gripped the railing tighter . 
 `` we still have to wait for the paternity test . 
 if she 's not mine , marrying me wo n't help you . 
 bianca could have lied to you . '' 
 `` she did n't . '' 
 phoebe crossed to stand beside him and rested a hand on top of his . 
 she squeezed his fingers lightly . 
 `` nina is yours . 
 i know it . '' 
 her touch sent a jolt through him , just a simple touch , for pete 's sake . 
 but her soft skin and light vanilla scent along with the pooling gratitude in her eyes had him downright itchy . 
 he needed distance . 
 fast . 
 he stared at her hand pointedly and scrounged up some sarcasm . 
 `` i do n't want you to do something stupid like fall in love . '' 
 she jerked her hand away and shook it as if it burned . 
 `` with you ? '' 
 `` who else have you asked to marry you ? '' 
 she laughed , then laughed again until her giggles tripped on a snort . 
 the baby stirred and phoebe went silent in a flash . 
 he gripped her elbow and guided her back out into the hall , the doorway to the nursery still open . 
 she sagged against a wall alongside framed portraits of generations of baby landises . 
 `` do n't worry . '' 
 she gasped through a final laugh . 
 `` there 's not a chance in hell i 'll fall in love with you , but thanks for helping to lighten the mood for me . '' 
 what he 'd meant as sarcastically funny suddenly did n't seem quite so humorous . 
 `` you 're quite a buster there . '' 
 `` i feel certain your , uh , man parts and ego will survive any potential busting . '' 
 `` you seem mighty confident , '' he pressed , not even sure why , since she appeared so damned confident in her ability to keep her distance . 
 `` we 've barely met . 
 what have i done to make you dislike me so much ? 
 not to sound egotistical , but i happen to have a lot of money . 
 i 've been told i have a pretty decent sense of humor , and i have n't noticed my face scaring off small children or animals . '' 
 `` other than the money part , the same could be said of me , '' she pointed out logically . 
 `` so since you already have plenty of money and do n't need more from a wife , should i worry about you falling in love with me ? '' 
 damn . 
 she was good . 
 he could n't stop a begrudging smile of respect at how she 'd taken him down a notch . 
 `` touche . '' 
 `` i 'll take that as a no . '' 
 `` it 's nothing personal . 
 you 're a beautiful , smart woman . '' 
 a hot , sharp woman , a distinction that was even more pulse throbbing . 
 `` of course . 
 just as it was n't personal when i laughed at you . '' 
 `` point well taken . 
 i 'm years away from being ready to settle down . '' 
 he had his hands full launching his new life and career outside the military . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 `` i was married before . '' 
 he knew that already , of course , but letting on would make it clear he was already having her investigated . 
 `` nasty divorce , huh ? '' 
 her face went devoid of emotion , completely . 
 he 'd seen the look before on shell-shocked soldiers , numbing themselves for fear even the smallest emotion would shatter them to bits . 
 `` he died , '' she said simply . 
 `` there 's no room in my heart to love anyone else , not when he still fills every corner . '' 
 he exhaled hard . 
 he knew that kind of love existed . 
 he 'd seen it with his parents , and again when his widowed mom remarried . 
 he 'd also seen how torn up his dad was over having to divide himself between career ambition and family . 
 `` wow , that 's hefty stuff there . 
 i 'm really sorry . 
 how did he die ? '' 
 and why did he need to know more about it ? 
 she looked down , staying silent . 
 damn it , he needed to know everything about her . 
 he had a short time to make an important choice , a majorly life-altering choice . 
 he was used to making snap decisions in war , but he did so with as much intel as possible at his disposal . 
 this should n't be any different . 
 it was n't personal . 
 `` phoebe , if we 're going to get married , i should know . 
 it will seem strange if someone thinks to ask and i do n't have the right answer . 
 for nina 's sake , we would need to make it look real . '' 
 `` he drowned . '' 
 a flash of undiluted grief bolted through her brown eyes like a lethal lightning strike . 
 then her face went blank again . 
 she pushed away from the wall , away from him . 
 `` i should get back to nina . '' 
 she spun on her heel , giving kyle her back . 
 she could n't have been any clearer . 
 discussion over . 
 stand down . 
 but he had his answer . 
 that flash of grief in her eyes , followed by her abrupt shutdown left him with no doubts about where she stood on the subject of her ex-husband . 
 she was completely committed to another man . 
 that should have made the possibility of a paper marriage easier to contemplate , but damn , what a tangled mess . 
 the door clicked closed behind her , and he reminded himself to take things one step at a time . 
 first , he had to give a blood sample later today and wait for the paternity test results . 
 although his instincts now shouted loud and clear that phoebe slater was telling the truth . 
 four `` marry me . 
 `` kyle 's demand-not request-bounced around inside phoebe 's head hot on the heels of the preliminary paternity results . 
 overwhelmed , she sagged in the front seat of his mercedes , nina asleep in the back after the exhausting day at the doctor 's . 
 butter-soft leather cradled her in luxury but offered little comfort for the stress knotting her neck . 
 `` are you sure this is what you want to do ? '' 
 `` now 's not the time to lose courage . '' 
 he turned on the engine and adjusted the climate control for the muggy fall afternoon , all efficiency with a calm she envied . 
 `` i 've talked it over with sebastian and you were right about this being the fastest , most efficient way to secure nina 's future . '' 
 she stared through the windshield at the busy hospital complex parking lot . 
 her eyes were magnetically drawn to mothers with their children . 
 mothers and fathers , too . 
 `` how long ? '' 
 `` we 'll get married on monday-tomorrow . '' 
 his jaw flexed with the first signs of stress . 
 a closer look revealed the pale hint under his tan . 
 she fisted her hands to keep from touching him , comforting him . 
 she understood well how overwhelming this could all be , becoming a parent out of the blue . 
 `` no , i mean , how long would we keep up this charade ? 
 who will we tell ? '' 
 `` my family already knows what 's going on . 
 but beyond them , we would need to keep up appearances for nina 's sake . '' 
 `` appearances ? '' 
 holy crap , she 'd meant fake marriage . 
 not pretend-to-be-real fake marriage . 
 `` we 'll need to live together , at least for a while . '' 
 a slight grin eased the deep lines around his mouth . 
 `` but since i live at the landis compound , we 'll be surrounded by family to protect you from your lecherous husband . '' 
 she tucked her tongue in the side of her mouth to keep from laughing , but she could n't keep from smiling ... until she thought about the next hurdle she should have considered before moving forward with this half-baked plan of hers . 
 `` what will your family think ? '' 
 more importantly , how would they react to her and nina in their lives full-time ? 
 her smile faded . 
 `` you 'll be welcomed as a landis . 
 and my mother will adore you simply because you love her ... uh ... granddaughter . '' 
 `` that 's a relief , at least . '' 
 nina would never be alone and abandoned again . 
 `` i would n't want things to be awkward when i bring nina to visit . '' 
 `` visit ? '' 
 he cocked a dark eyebrow and put the car in reverse . 
 `` you 'll need to stay at the house for at least a couple of months . 
 at that point we could maintain two residences and claim work conflicts . '' 
 `` months ? '' 
 she pressed a hand to her forehead . 
 he nodded curtly . 
 `` long enough to get official custody worked out . 
 or until bianca returns . '' 
 his fist tightened on the gearshift . 
 `` if we do n't hear from her , we can start divorce proceedings after a year . '' 
 `` and about nina ? '' 
 `` i 'll want visitation for me and for my family . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 she went weak with relief as he backed the car out of the parking spot . 
 it must have been hard for him to concede full custody . 
 even though he had n't known his daughter long , phoebe had been around the landises enough to recognize they took the notion of family loyalty to a whole new level . 
 thank heavens , he was n't going to fight her over custody . 
 tears burned behind her eyes and she blinked fast to hold them back , along with the urge to throw her arms around him in gratitude . 
 he was far too foreboding at the moment for a hug , his normal grin and lightheartedness nowhere in sight . 
 maybe he needed some reassurance , too . 
 `` i want to sign a prenup that makes it clear i have no claim to any landis assets . 
 can your brother draw one up right away ? '' 
 `` except i will provide for nina . '' 
 `` whatever you think is fair . 
 i 'm just so relieved you 're not going to take her away . '' 
 `` it 's obvious from everything i 've seen and learned about you that you 've got her best interests at heart . '' 
 he put the car in first gear , focusing his attention in front , his jaw flexing again , faster . 
 `` i 'm in no position to be a full-time father with the travel load that comes with my job . '' 
 `` of course , that 's totally understandable . '' 
 although she would have given up any job for nina , had in fact made major concessions in her own work world . 
 but she was n't going to argue with him . 
 she did , however , want to ask him how he felt about all of this . 
 was n't he frustrated over marrying a woman he barely knew ? 
 how did he feel about having a daughter , for crying out loud ? 
 his resolute face shut her out as he steered onto the road . 
 he was doing what needed to be done , fulfilling obligations . 
 she should have been relieved over his emotional detachment . 
 instead , she just felt hollow inside . 
 `` i need it to be indisputably clear i 'm only interested in nina 's well-being . '' 
 `` okay , then . 
 i 'll let sebastian know so he can draw up the papers . '' 
 so cold and businesslike . 
 nothing in the arrangement resembled her emotional engagement to roger . 
 he 'd proposed at the beach , no ring , no money , no complicated legal dealings to wade through . 
 just simple declarations of how much they loved each other and wanted to spend the rest of their lives together . 
 yet , tomorrow she would be married to the man next to her . 
 she 'd gotten her way . 
 nina would be as safe as she could possibly arrange . 
 so why did a year suddenly sound like forever ? 
 `` by the power vested in me by the state of south carolina , i now pronounce you husband and wife . '' 
 the jowly justice of the peace 's proclamation resonated hollowly in phoebe 's ears , as if she was watching some kind of drama , far removed from her place beside kyle . 
 he wore a uniform again , a less formal version this time , but still with a jacket and tie for their courthouse wedding . 
 everything had felt surreal since they 'd rushed through the paternity test over the weekend , verifying what she 'd known in her heart for certain since laying eyes on kyle landis . 
 he was nina 's biological father . 
 once kyle had heard the paternity test results confirming she was his , he had n't hesitated . 
 things had taken off at warp speed from there as he arranged for a monday-afternoon wedding and an appointment with a family court judge shortly thereafter . 
 the building complex made for one-stop shopping . 
 this military man sure knew how to take command and move mountains . 
 her fingers clutched around the bouquet of mango calla lilies with yellow roses . 
 one of his sentimental sisters-in-law had thrust it into her hands-ashley , the pregnant one married to the oldest politician brother . 
 the other wife , marianna , jostled her son on her hip , while ginger stood beside her general husband and proudly held her new granddaughter , nina . 
 phoebe was a part of this family now , even if in name only . 
 the justice of the peace closed his folder containing the vows , a south carolina flag and american flag behind him . 
 `` you may kiss the bride . '' 
 phoebe looked up sharply at kyle , any feeling of being a distant observer gone in a snap . 
 surely nobody expected them to go through with that part of the ceremony . 
 except the magistrate . 
 kyle 's face creased in a one-sided smile and he dipped his head toward her . 
 she barely had time to register his oldest brother smothering a laugh before kyle 's mouth touched hers . 
 firm and gentle all at once , he kissed her . 
 her eyes closed , her ears roared and she lost track of everyone around her . 
 it had been so long since she 'd felt a man 's lips against hers . 
 too long . 
 all her buried sensuality smoked back to life , steaming through her at just a simple , closed-lips caress . 
 she wanted to open for more , more of this , more of him . 
 dots sparked in front of her eyes and she realized she 'd forgotten to breathe . 
 he eased away slowly , thank goodness , so she had time to regain her balance . 
 she clutched her bouquet , the floral scent teasing her with romanticism , and she opened her eyes . 
 kyle stared back at her for just an instant and then offered his elbow along with his typical lighthearted grin . 
 she could n't help smiling in return . 
 maybe , just maybe they could wade through this tangled mess . 
 as they turned toward the gathered family , ginger held nina out for them to hold . 
 kyle hesitated . 
 only for a second but long enough to bring her back to reality . 
 phoebe thrust her bouquet of roses and lilies toward him and took the baby from ginger . 
 `` come here , sweetie . 
 you were so good , so quiet . '' 
 she smoothed nina 's floral pinafore , adjusting the bonnet and booties until it seemed the momentary awkwardness had passed . 
 but she had n't forgotten . 
 in spite of his speed in stepping up to the plate-honorable though that was-she could see he had n't connected with nina in any real way . 
 not exactly the dream wedding day she 'd fantasized about as a child , although she did feel like she was playing dress-up . 
 she wore a knee-length gown borrowed from her new sister-in-law . 
 the woman had graciously offered for phoebe to keep the simple drape of pale yellow-with a versace label . 
 marianna had insisted it did n't fit her anymore since she 'd given birth to her son . 
 nina grasped the strand of pearls resting on phoebe 's collarbone , roger 's gift to her the day they 'd exchanged vows . 
 their wedding had been a simple affair , as well , but she had n't minded . 
 there 'd been so little money in those days . 
 he 'd sold one of his first-edition books to pay for the necklace . 
 a fresh ache stabbed through her over the thought of never having roger 's baby . 
 nina was her one chance at motherhood , for however long that lasted . 
 a camera flash went off from a corner of the room , taken by a photographer hired by the landises and soon to be released to the press . 
 she blinked against the continuous barrage of flashes . 
 at least the pictures had been staged by them , along with a story stating simply that kyle had married his daughter 's guardian . 
 she 'd never seen such choreographed control before . 
 kyle angled down conspiratorially . 
 `` welcome to living with a family full of politicians . 
 watch what you say , and do n't ever , ever chew with your mouth open . 
 well , unless you want it plastered on some internet blog before you 've swallowed your food . '' 
 nina reached to pat his face , more of a thumping actually with her drool-covered palm , then she giggled and stuffed her plastic panda teething toy into her mouth . 
 he was so charming with adults , why did he freeze with nina ? 
 or was it all children ? 
 regardless , he would be jetting off again soon to his base for some mission and she would be alone again with nina . 
 she just had to make it through a few days , not much time to ache for another kiss . 
 ginger gave her a one-armed hug that seemed genuine and not just for the photo op . 
 `` welcome to the family , dear . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 phoebe paused , lowering her voice . 
 `` but you know this is only temporary . '' 
 her new mother-in-law gave her shoulder a final squeeze . 
 `` you 're a landis and you 're an important part of my granddaughter 's life . 
 we 'll worry about tomorrow when it gets here . '' 
 panic constricted her breathing and the diamond-studded band on her finger seemed suddenly too tight . 
 she should be happy . 
 everything was going just as kyle had said it would , with his family accepting her even knowing the full circumstances . 
 once the photographer had been ushered out , marianna stepped alongside her with a supportive smile . 
 `` you look exhausted . 
 let 's finish up the paperwork so you can get out of those heels . '' 
 if she could just go back to her apartment for even a little while and regroup . 
 `` you 're so thoughtful to have loaned me your clothes , but i ca n't keep borrowing from you forever . 
 i 'll need to go back to columbia . 
 nina and i are out of - '' ginger waved a manicured hand . 
 `` no worries , dear . 
 i 've already taken care of everything . 
 there are clothes waiting for you at the house . 
 you can choose whatever you like . 
 marianna arranged for a complete nursery to be set up closer to your room and ordered clothes for the baby . '' 
 she ticked through the list with a thoroughness that likely made governmental issues run more smoothly but felt a little steamrollerlike at the moment . 
 she clapped her hands together . 
 `` now if you 'll pardon me , i need to pop in upstairs to speak with a judge friend of mine about something that came across my desk last week . '' 
 ginger strode out of the office and into the hall with a fast , efficient click of her high heels . 
 phoebe sagged with an exhale and turned to marianna . 
 `` she set up all of that to happen while we were here ? '' 
 marianna leaned closer , jostling her baby son more securely on her hip . 
 `` money , influence and a personal assistant make things move much faster . '' 
 like with that overnight paternity test . 
 `` she means well and is usually right . 
 you might as well go with the flow for now . 
 if you have a stand you want to make , you 'll be better equipped to do so well-rested and with a full stomach . '' 
 `` you 're encouraging me to leave ? '' 
 she had n't expected to find such total support within the landis camp for whatever decision she made . 
 `` i 'm simply telling you that if you intend to fight , you would be wise to choose your timing well . 
 the landises are all charming-and stubborn . 
 of course , you 're a landis now . '' 
 `` temporarily . '' 
 marianna did n't answer . 
 realization seeped in with the full weight of what she 'd done . 
 the sense of claustrophobia she 'd felt on her first night at the family compound squeezed tighter . 
 the landises had accepted nina because of her blood tie . 
 however , it was also a double-edged sword . 
 they did n't know nina . 
 so they did n't love her , not really , not yet . 
 but they would n't let her go . 
 kyle tossed the bouquet on the clerk 's desk and picked up the pen . 
 the final paperwork sealing this marriage waited in front of him by the blob of yellow-and-orange flowers . 
 today should have taken care of all problems by securing nina 's future . 
 his kid . 
 his child . 
 he still had n't sorted through all that in his head , beyond moving ahead and taking care of his responsibilities . 
 however , instead of smoothing out his life , this ceremony had introduced a new problem-not totally unexpected-but certainly surprising in the magnitude . 
 he wanted his wife . 
 one kiss had made that more than clear . 
 his grip tightened around the pen , darkening the stroke of his scrawl . 
 it was all he could do not to send everyone away so he could seal a deeper , fuller imprint on phoebe 's mouth and in her memory . 
 the scent of her lingered on his shirt from the brief brush of her br ** sts against him and left him aching to explore . 
 he 'd found her attractive from the first time he 'd seen her at the welcome-home bash . 
 he 'd even wanted to ask her out on a date . 
 then they 'd started talking , he 'd met nina and here they were . 
 at least phoebe looked as stunned as he felt by the kiss . 
 thank god , he 'd scrounged up enough control to keep his hands to himself so he would n't give the photographer an unexpected headliner . 
 he glanced up from the paper over to phoebe standing with marianna . 
 the yellow silky dress hugged the subtle curve of phoebe 's br ** sts , gliding over her slim h * ps in a way that made him wonder what she wore underneath . 
 kyle checked over his shoulder fast to make sure the photographer had n't slipped back in . 
 he 'd been lucky to stay out of the spotlight this long , but now that he was out of the military , he was fair game for the media hounds . 
 although he had to admit phoebe certainly made for a beautiful subject for the photographer with her cool , blond good looks . 
 phoebe shuffled nina over to marianna and glided toward him , drawing his eyes to her legs . 
 he flipped the pen between his fingers . 
 maybe this marriage could have some unexpected benefits . 
 who could fault him for sleeping with his own wife ? 
 her heart might well be buried along with her dead husband , but if that kiss was anything to judge by , her sensuality was alive and well . 
 phoebe held out her hand . 
 `` may i have the pen , please ? '' 
 `` yeah , right . '' 
 he passed it over and she leaned by him , a whiff of her floral shampoo drifting from her loose blond hair . 
 an image flashed through his mind of the silky straight strands splayed across a pillow while he peeled her clothes away . 
 he tugged at his suddenly too tight tie . 
 phoebe nudged aside the bouquet to rest her wrist on the table as she signed her name . 
 she tucked her tongue in her cheek . 
 he could still taste the hint of coffee from her lips . 
 coffee , for crying out loud . 
 who would have thought the simple brew would taste so sexy ? 
 his heart rate spiked . 
 she finished her signature with a curly flourish at odds with her no-nonsense air . 
 regardless , it was official . 
 they were married . 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 and he fully intended to consummate this union as soon as he could romance his new wife into his bed . 
 kyle slid the papers across the table toward his mother 's assistant and focused his full attention on his wife . 
 `` have you eaten anything today ? '' 
 the family would understand if he and phoebe opted out of any scheduled big gatherings for some time to get to know each other . 
 he seemed to recall a quiet little cafe near the courthouse . 
 he 'd eaten there before with his mother 's judge friend , later took the judge 's daughter there for a date . 
 hmm ... perhaps not a good idea to take the new wife to an old date site . 
 moving on to plan b. phoebe pushed her hair behind her ears with a sigh . 
 `` it 's been a busy day . '' 
 was she thinking about her first wedding ? 
 understandable , but he needed to divert her thoughts of the man who still had such a prominent place in her mind . 
 `` i would offer to take you out , but i imagine you 're exhausted . 
 the rug rat looks like she needs to stretch her legs . 
 what do you say i pick up some takeout along the way and we spend the afternoon on the beach at home ? 
 there 's plenty of space away from the rest of the family so that it will be just the three of us , relaxing by the shore , getting to know each other . '' 
 `` that 's really thoughtful of you . '' 
 wariness lit her dark eyes . 
 `` i would like that , very much . '' 
 `` then let 's get moving . 
 once we 're past the press no doubt waiting outside , we 'll be home free . '' 
 smiling reassuringly at her , he palmed her back . 
 this time he prepared to steel himself for the jolt of awareness sparked by the feel of her under his palm . 
 he ushered her out of the office , into the long corridor toward the elevator . 
 he vaguely registered the footsteps of his family following and talking with each other . 
 cameras started clicking again from a small pack of reporters clustered behind a security guard blocking them from pressing closer . 
 his oldest brother , matthew , broke away and started speaking with one of the reporters , diverting their attention by offering up a couple of sound bites . 
 apparently an interview with a u.s. senator trumped snagging more photos of a surprise wedding . 
 kyle smiled . 
 thanks , bro . 
 he focused his attention forward , intent on getting phoebe and nina home . 
 anticipation ramped inside him . 
 for the first time since phoebe slater had blasted into his world , he had control of his life . 
 nina 's future would be secure . 
 and for however long this marriage lasted , he and phoebe could have one hell of a totally legal affair . 
 no worries about emotional entanglements for either of them . 
 he stopped in front of the private side elevator designated for employees and special guests . 
 he jabbed the button just as the door slid open to reveal one person already inside . 
 damn . 
 a leggy redhead in her twenties blinked in wide-eyed surprise . 
 then smiled with recognition . 
 the timing could n't have been worse to run into one of his exes . 
 the judge 's daughter . 
 the one he 'd dated briefly in the past . 
 leslie ? 
 no . 
 lucy took the bouquet from him . 
 `` okay , kyle landis , you 're officially forgiven . '' 
 she lifted the flowers to her nose and inhaled deeply , thrusting her br ** sts out none too subtly . 
 `` these are just gorgeous , you charmer . 
 calla lilies and roses , no less . 
 i did n't know you were so romantic . '' 
 phoebe bristled visibly beside him , stepping away from his palm at her waist . 
 he needed to implement damage control before some reporter with a telephoto lens and great hearing put together a new headline . 
 he rushed phoebe and nina into the elevator with lucy and pushed the close button . 
 `` uh , lucy , i 'd like for you to meet - '' lucy laughed , talking right over him . 
 `` i was just going to leave you an ` eat dirt and die , you scumbag ' message , but since you 've apologized so nicely with flowers , '' she lifted the bouquet to her nose briefly , `` i 'll forgive you for breaking my heart . '' 
 five stuck in the elevator with kyle , most of his family and a towering redhead holding phoebe 's bouquet , she mentally thumped herself for being so gullible . 
 bianca had warned her of kyle 's ladies ' - man past , damn it.phoebe resisted the urge to back into a corner . 
 pride starched her spine . 
 pride , and a need to carry this off for nina 's sake . 
 he braced his shoulders , his uniform stretching over his chest . 
 `` phoebe , this is a friend of the family , lucy cooper . 
 lucy , this is my wife , phoebe . '' 
 he gestured to his daughter and said simply , `` and this is nina . '' 
 the bubbly redhead turned ... well , as red as her hair . 
 her mouth opened and closed a couple of times , and phoebe actually felt sorry for the woman . 
 lucy 's eyes dropped down to the flowers in her hand . 
 her mouth went tight . 
 `` i guess these must be yours . 
 my mistake . '' 
 she thrust the bouquet toward phoebe . 
 `` congratulations . 
 and good luck . '' 
 there was no missing the sarcasm coating her words more thickly than her cloying cologne soaked the enclosed space in the elevator . 
 phoebe could n't bring herself to be angry at the woman for spoiling the day . 
 she 'd found out firsthand today how quickly a single kiss from kyle landis could persuade a woman to ignore warning signs . 
 the elevator doors swooshed open again blessedly soon and lucy did n't even offer a good-bye before making tracks out into the back hall , toward a glowing exit sign . 
 jonah inched forward , scratched his head . 
 `` at least she did n't ask about the kid . '' 
 sebastian coughed into his hand . 
 or laughed . 
 but phoebe was n't feeling the love . 
 she could n't avoid kyle-they were married , after all . 
 however she could damn well resist his charming smile . 
 `` kyle , i 've changed my mind about dinner . 
 i do n't think i 'm in much of a beach mood anymore . '' 
 seven hours later , phoebe dropped back onto her bed in the guest suite with an exhausted-exasperated-huff . 
 at least she 'd made it through the large family dinner , even if she had n't been able to bring herself to eat much . 
 tempting thoughts of how they could have spent the evening tormented her . 
 images of lazing the hours away together on the beach , getting to know each other . 
 after the lucy debacle , he had n't bothered bringing up cozy meals together . 
 she rolled onto her stomach and picked at the white piping around the dusky-rose-colored pillow sham . 
 just a family friend . 
 how cliched . 
 it was obvious lucy had expected more out of kyle , from the way she 'd gushed all over the flowers . 
 phoebe 's flowers , now discarded on the other pillow . 
 she plucked a rosebud from the bouquet , releasing a fresh whiff of the fragrant perfume . 
 stroking the bloom along her mouth , she glanced through the open side door to the connected sitting area ginger had converted into a permanent nursery just for nina . 
 all that trouble and money , as if she and nina would be staying here , made her nervous . 
 at least the local judge had been able to connect with a columbia judge and they 'd worked out an agreement granting temporary custody to kyle and phoebe landis . 
 even thinking of her new last name made her shiver . 
 she 'd been phoebe slater since she 'd married roger . 
 she 'd kept his name even after he 'd died . 
 before that , she 'd been phoebe campbell . 
 phoebe campbell would n't have been able to make things move so quickly , either , and right now she could n't bring herself to resent the landises for their privileged ways when it kept nina secure . 
 the rest of the day had been a blur after leaving the courthouse . 
 ginger had had a meal ready back at the house , and neither kyle nor phoebe had asked to be alone . 
 it should n't matter that kyle was a flirt with a vast dating history . 
 she did n't intend to stay married to him . 
 she only cared because of nina , damn it , and did n't want a constant parade of countless women marching in and out of kyle 's life . 
 phoebe swung her feet off the edge of the bed and padded across the hardwood floor to nina 's new nursery , so much nicer than the little dressing-room nook back at phoebe 's apartment and more personal than the luxurious green nursery down the hall for visiting landis and renshaw grandkids . 
 nina was n't a visitor anymore . 
 did she miss her tiny space back in the apartment ? 
 phoebe had poured her heart into creating the little garden haven , complete with painted puckish fairies that reminded her of shakespeare 's a midsummer night 's dream . 
 this space was tastefully decorated in pinks and browns to coordinate with the already rose-colored walls . 
 little ballet-shoe accents rounded out the decor . 
 without a doubt , the landises had more to offer nina financially . 
 but what about love ? 
 her fingers tensed along the cherrywood crib railing . 
 losing her husband had taught phoebe too well how priceless and precious-and fragile-love could be . 
 all this money would n't mean anything to nina if she was n't wrapped in affection , as well . 
 ginger landis renshaw might be a loving grandmother , but she 'd given no indication she intended to be anything other than a grandparent . 
 and kyle ? 
 phoebe had definite questions and concerns about his ability to take care of nina , if he even wanted to beyond some sense of appearances . 
 she took her responsibility to nina seriously . 
 the room darkened and she glanced up to find kyle standing in the opening as if conjured from her thoughts . 
 he 'd changed from his suit into well-fitting jeans and a white button-down shirt with a south carolina palmetto tree stitched on the pocket . 
 his rolled-up sleeves exposed tanned forearms sprinkled with dark hair . 
 masculine arms . 
 even out of uniform , he made her mouth dry right up with want . 
 she tore her gaze away from him and gestured around the transformed sitting area . 
 `` this is lovely . 
 the little ballet shoes are precious . 
 your mother and marianna went to a lot of trouble to create this space just for nina , when there 's already a nursery here in the house . '' 
 `` marianna 's an interior decorator . 
 in fact , she decorated the whole house . '' 
 `` she obviously knows her way around little-girl fashions . '' 
 she trailed a finger along the tiny pink-satin slippers hanging from the wall over a mirror . 
 `` did you need something ? '' 
 `` i noticed you did n't eat much at supper . 
 i 've brought you food . '' 
 she thought of earlier , when they 'd planned a picnic on the beach and considered a polite no thanks , but she was hungry . 
 she simply needed to keep her guard in place . 
 `` thank you . 
 that 's very thoughtful . '' 
 `` i promised you a meal and i keep my promises . '' 
 he nodded his head for her to follow him . 
 `` let 's step out onto the porch off of your room . 
 the food is set up there so you can hear nina if she needs you , but we wo n't wake her by talking . '' 
 he turned without waiting for her to answer , a man used to people following his orders , damn his broad shoulders and perfect butt . 
 need crackled to life inside her again with a reminder of just how much he 'd moved her with one quick kiss . 
 and she had gone so long without more than just kisses . 
 stay strong . 
 she needed to keep things simple between the two of them . 
 complications could spell big trouble down the line when it came time to say their farewells . 
 he swung the double french doors wide , out onto the veranda . 
 `` prepare to feast . '' 
 phoebe blinked in surprise , stopping short of the wrought iron table set with linen , silver , roses and the warm glow of a candle protected from the ocean wind by a hurricane globe . 
 a wooden rail surrounded the balcony , the waves rolling hypnotically only a staircase away . 
 her dress from the wedding swirled around her legs in sensual swipes . 
 `` this is so much more than i expected . '' 
 she peeked under a polished cover and found a steak and lobster dinner , the scent of warm melted butter steaming lightly upward . 
 `` much more . '' 
 the table was set so beautifully she 'd expected some dainty , tiny offerings , and while the food was still decoratively presented , she was surprised at the hearty portions . 
 kyle held out her chair . 
 `` i thought you might be hungry . '' 
 she edged past him to take her seat , her shoulder brushing him briefly before she settled into the chair . 
 his forearms skimmed her side as he tucked her under the table , the crisp tanginess of his cologne drifting on the breeze and more enticing than any finely cooked fare . 
 she had to fight off the sudden urge to tip her head back against his shoulder , to revisit the taste of his mouth on hers ... `` i am hungry . '' 
 ravenously so , suddenly . 
 well , if she could n't feed her senses the way her body craved , at least she could enjoy this meal . 
 she draped a linen napkin across her lap , eyeing the cup of creamy crab soup . 
 kyle motioned toward two wine bottles in silver ice buckets . 
 `` would you prefer chardonnay or merlot ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'm not planning to get you soused and press for my marital ` rights . ' 
 the cook just was n't sure which kind of wine we would prefer with a surf-and-turf meal . '' 
 marital rights . 
 the words brought to mind an image of the two of them tangled in kyle 's sheets , taking the attraction to a heated conclusion . 
 blinking back the thought , she spooned up a taste of the creamy soup instead-and held back her moan of appreciation . 
 then again , maybe she 'd just needed an excuse to release the tension inside her at the thought of a physical relationship with the man seated across from her . 
 her senses sang to life begging for more of this , of everything . 
 `` i really should keep my head clear to listen for nina . '' 
 and to be sure she did n't get soused and claim her marital rights . 
 `` one glass then ? '' 
 she could n't resist everything . 
 `` chardonnay , then , please . '' 
 he filled her wineglass halfway , then poured the merlot into his . 
 he held her eyes with his while she tasted . 
 damn . 
 there was a difference in the good stuff . 
 how much of this would it take to ruin her for cheap wine for the rest of her life ? 
 he set his glass back on the table . 
 `` i 'm sorry about the mix-up with lucy at the courthouse . '' 
 phoebe tucked her tongue against her cheek while she considered what to say . 
 she was upset , but probably not for the reason he thought . 
 and she could n't change anything . 
 better to take the high road . 
 `` you have nothing to apologize for . 
 it 's not like you were seeing some other woman while we were engaged for all of twenty-four hours . '' 
 she tried a smile , hoping the conversation would veer away from the woman . 
 `` you 're being very reasonable . '' 
 he watched her through narrowed eyes . 
 `` did you expect me to throw a jealous fit ? 
 i seem to recall you already warned me against falling in love with you . '' 
 she leaned forward on her elbows . 
 `` i 'm a very good listener . '' 
 he threw his head back and laughed , that sexy sound of pure kyle winding around her with the wind . 
 `` just so you know , the wedding ring on your finger put an end to my friendship with lucy . '' 
 `` i noticed how fast she ran out of the elevator . '' 
 `` i meant that as long as you 're wearing my ring , i wo n't be seeing anyone else . '' 
 now , that surprised her ... if she could even believe him . 
 `` bianca warned me you were a charmer . '' 
 his face hardened for the first time since she 'd met him . 
 `` you think i 'm bs-ing you ? 
 i may have a lot of flaws , but i do not lie . '' 
 `` you really expect me to believe you 're going to be celibate for the entire marriage ? 
 for a whole year ? '' 
 she wondered how long he really expected that to last ? 
 did he have plans to walk away that she did n't know about ? 
 `` are n't you ? 
 what makes you think i have less self-control than you do ? '' 
 she opened her mouth-and closed it again . 
 she did n't have an answer to that . 
 and truth be told , as much as she cautioned herself against being gullible , she believed him on this one . 
 phoebe nudged aside her soup and stabbed the steak . 
 he swirled his merlot in his glass , watching her . 
 `` celibacy does n't make for much of a wedding night . '' 
 `` i do n't know about that . '' 
 although just the mention filled her mind with what the night could have held . 
 had he chosen his words with that intent ? 
 `` nina is safe for now . 
 that means the world to me . '' 
 he finished off his merlot . 
 `` what about when bianca shows up again ? '' 
 the bite of steak palled in her mouth . 
 she swallowed thickly . 
 `` i only want the best thing for nina . 
 that would be to have her parents ' love and want to take care of her . '' 
 `` even if that means giving her up ? '' 
 her fork clattered against her plate . 
 `` are you threatening to take her away ? '' 
 his one-sided smile returned with a dry twist . 
 `` hardly . 
 you 're a terrific mother . 
 but me ? 
 ask anyone and they 'll tell you i 'm a crappy candidate for fatherhood . '' 
 curiosity nipped . 
 `` you say you 're always honest , so tell me . 
 what do you have against children ? '' 
 `` why would you say that ? '' 
 he asked evasively . 
 `` marianna and sebastian have never voiced any complaints about me with kids . '' 
 `` you pick nina up , you carry her , even play with her , but you 're always holding something of yourself back . 
 i know it 's early yet , but it seems like you distance yourself from her . '' 
 kyle attacked the rest of his steak . 
 `` that 's just your imagination . '' 
 she reached across the table and touched his wrist , stilling his hand . 
 `` i 've heard too much about acting from bianca over the years not to have picked up something . 
 you 're good , but you ca n't fool me . '' 
 he stared at her fingers for two crashes of the waves before setting aside his fork . 
 `` little edward is n't my brother 's first child . 
 they had a baby girl before edward , but lost her before her first birthday . '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` how awful . '' 
 her heart ached for the lovely woman who 'd been so kind to her . 
 `` i ca n't imagine how devastated i would be if something happened to nina . '' 
 `` sophie did n't die . '' 
 but his face still creased with pain . 
 `` they 'd tried for years to get pregnant , then decided to adopt . 
 four months after sophie was placed with them , the birth mother changed her mind . 
 they went through hell . '' 
 she 'd assumed the extra portraits of children that did n't look like landises were the grandchildren of ginger 's second husband . 
 now she realized one of the little-girl images must have been that adopted daughter . 
 so that 's why marianna had noticed she loved nina as much as any biological mother could . 
 `` i 'm so sorry for what they went through . '' 
 `` the birth mother sends them periodic updates and sophie looks happy . '' 
 as she studied his pained expression , she realized it was n't totally about hurting for his brother . 
 he 'd loved the little girl , too , and grieved when she was taken away . 
 she stayed silent so he could just talk . 
 `` my brother and his wife may be happy now , but after all they went through ... '' he shook his head slowly . 
 `` they even divorced at one point . 
 my brother is a steady sort , good marriage material . 
 me ? 
 not so much , even on a good day . '' 
 his line of logic was n't going where she 'd expected . 
 she struggled to follow . 
 `` you 're afraid of letting your family down ? '' 
 `` i would do what i have to , but i saw from my sister-in-law , from my mother , too , how much more is needed to make a marriage and family work . 
 i 'm not cut out for that . '' 
 she almost blurted out her disbelief at his assumption , told him that he was copping out , but held the words back at the last second . 
 he said he did n't lie to people , and maybe strictly that was true . 
 but she suspected he was lying to himself . 
 men were n't always great at admitting their fears , especially if one fear involved turning his heart over to a child . 
 `` you 're really content to live your life alone ? '' 
 `` i have a big family around me , and a satisfying career . 
 i have a good life . '' 
 `` you seem to be forgetting one thing . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll tell me . '' 
 at least his smile returned . 
 he held her gaze over the candlelight , the flame flickering inside the hurricane globe and casting flecks in his beautiful blue eyes . 
 she touched his wrist again , lingering , feeling his pulse throb against her thumb . 
 `` you ca n't escape the fact that you 're already a father . '' 
 his eyes locked on hers . 
 intense . 
 inscrutable . 
 her fingers stroked along his wrist when she 'd meant to let him go . 
 `` and you 're a wife . '' 
 he stood slightly , leaned across the small table and she knew what was coming but could n't find words to stop him from - kissing her . 
 his mouth fit over hers , more familiar this time , but the tingle showering along her nerves was still surprising in its intensity . 
 she 'd hoped her reaction at the courthouse had been an anomaly , some kind of mixed-up reaction to memories from her first marriage , but damn , she fit her mouth against his and wanted . 
 more . 
 she parted her lips and he growled his approval until she could taste the rich bouquet of his merlot . 
 his hands stayed on the table , her fingers around his wrist . 
 he only touched her with his mouth , his tongue . 
 the spicy soap scent of him stirred around her in the breeze , reminding her of the moment when she 'd first met him and his voice stroked her senses as , temptingly , his mouth moved on hers . 
 she should pull away , prove she was strong and resolute the way she 'd planned this afternoon . 
 phoebe lifted her hands to push against his shoulders . 
 but he pulled away first . 
 her head swam and she could n't even blame it on the drink , because he had honored her request to stick with one glass . 
 her only consolation came from watching his chest rise and fall as rapidly as her own . 
 she needed to get her head together . 
 she refused to let him win her over easily as he must have done with women in the past , like bianca and lucy . 
 phoebe drained half her water goblet while he reclaimed his seat . 
 she had to think . 
 focus on what was important . 
 she had to keep her head clear and her wits about her at all times . 
 she hoped this dinner would be over soon so she could start figuring out how to deal with her desire . 
 `` um , when do you report back to your base ? '' 
 `` i 've already finished up all the paperwork . '' 
 he watched her , his chest still pumping . 
 `` it 'll be official next week . '' 
 `` so you 're on vacation . '' 
 and when would that vacation end ? 
 she was n't even sure where his base was . 
 she was married to a stranger , a totally hot stranger who turned her inside out with his kisses . 
 the mere thought rattled her , leaving her feeling disloyal to her ex . 
 `` rest is a good idea after such a long deployment . '' 
 `` i 'm not on vacation . '' 
 he straightened in his chair , his eyes narrowing . 
 `` i 've turned in my papers now that i 've fulfilled my commitment to the air force . 
 we were going to announce it after the party . 
 but then you showed up with nina , and we 've been distracted since then . '' 
 a roar started in her ears , her pulse louder than the waves rushing in with inevitability . 
 `` what exactly does this mean ? '' 
 `` as of today , i 'm no longer in the military . 
 i 'm taking over a branch of the landis foundation . '' 
 he spread his hands wide . 
 `` as of now , i 'm totally at your disposal . '' 
 an hour later , phoebe stood in nina 's new nursery , toying with the decorative silk slippers tacked to the wall . 
 control slipped away as fast as the tears down her cheeks . 
 what had she gotten herself into ? 
 swiping the back of her wrist under her eyes , she looked into nina 's crib at the sweet baby she loved so much . 
 phoebe adjusted the light blanket , smoothed back a dark curl ... saw kyle 's one-sided smile as the infant grinned in her sleep . 
 life was marching relentlessly on without her first husband . 
 her emotions had spiraled so far out of control she did n't know how she would ever retrieve them . 
 now kyle and all the myriad temptations he presented would be with her twenty-four/seven as she settled into a family life she 'd never had and that kyle clearly did n't want . 
 she touched along her kissed-tender lips and searched back over their few conversations prior . 
 what had she misunderstood to make her believe he was still in the air force , due to zip off into the wild blue yonder sometime soon ? 
 maybe she 'd just heard and believed what she 'd wanted to where kyle was concerned , desperate for a way to secure nina 's future . 
 she had n't looked beyond that to understand all the ways she could be hurting both their hearts to put them through this sham of a marriage . 
 now it was too late to go back . 
 she could only steel herself , forge ahead . 
 and try not to think about how much she wanted him to kiss her again . 
 six a week later , kyle stood outside the nursery door , double-checking the monitor to make sure the thing was actually working . 
 he pulled it away from his ear , looked at the buttons , clicked a couple back and forth . 
 yeah , he could hear the white-noise music playing low in the background.good god , the baby gear was more complicated than some of the intelligence equipment he 'd worked with in the air force . 
 in another week he would start with landis international . 
 for now , he was already unofficially working from home , but soon the traveling would start . 
 he had n't lied about being at phoebe 's disposal . 
 he just had n't mentioned there was a deadline to that since his new job would take him on the road even more than his old one . 
 that did n't leave him much time to win phoebe over , into his bed . 
 kyle started down the hall , eager to move forward with his next plan for persuading her they should enjoy all the benefits a wedding license brought . 
 for the past week , he 'd wined and dined phoebe at the most romantic places he could think of , a challenge to do when considering the kid-friendly aspect . 
 the opera had been a no go , but then he did n't really like opera . 
 he 'd even persuaded phoebe to fly upstate on the family jet for an outdoor history fair at halloween . 
 he 'd thought phoebe would enjoy the historical aspect , and nina sure looked damn cute in her little princess costume . 
 he had to admit the kid was easier to take along than he 'd expected . 
 of course , he did n't really know what to expect from a child her age . 
 he should probably get one of those parenting books or surf the internet for kid-care articles because , his choice or not , he was a father now , which meant doing his best . 
 he was also a husband , something he intended to focus his full attention on for the rest of the evening on their first adults-only date . 
 this time he would be careful not to lose control of the conversation the way he had during their wedding-day dinner on the porch . 
 he believed they could enjoy a fun and sexy relationship . 
 anything more would only complicate things for both of them , not to mention nina . 
 he jogged down the stairs and around the corner to the home office where phoebe was camped out in front of the computer . 
 a couple days ago they 'd made a day trip up to columbia for her things , including her computer for work teaching her online classes . 
 she 'd unpacked her academic gear into the honey-brown wood shelves flanking a scenic window with brocade drapes . 
 phoebe had added her computer to the overlarge partner 's desk and parked a baby swing in the corner . 
 he took a minute to study her , enjoying the way her straight blond hair shimmered with every move of her head , however slight . 
 she looked every bit as enticing in jeans and a formfitting green cotton shirt as she had in the little black number she 'd worn the night they met . 
 while she stared at the screen , phoebe plucked at the hair band she 'd slid around her wrist-as he 'd learned was her habit . 
 he 'd also learned how much he enjoyed discovering new things to entice her out of her somber reserve . 
 her earthy practicality appealed to him , chasing away any initial doubt anyone might have had about her being after landis money . 
 she liked to walk on the beach without her shoes and bring nina to the public park . 
 while nannies pushed designer-clad tots in fancy strollers , phoebe let nina roll around on a blanket in the grass to , as she said , see the world up close . 
 he even liked the way her history professor side would come out at odd moments with a sudden tutorial on a historic building they drove past or a surprise lesson on the french huguenot influence in charleston . 
 jonah had snickered the first time she 'd launched into one of her diatribes , but by the end , even he 'd been wound up in her stories . 
 he could n't remember wanting anyone this much before . 
 `` hey , professor . 
 how 's paper-grading going ? '' 
 she glanced up , her smile quicker lately . 
 `` i 've just about finished the backlog of work . '' 
 he set the nursery monitor on the corner of the desk , anticipation ramping . 
 `` ready to take a break ? '' 
 `` i 'm at a stopping point . 
 what do you need ? '' 
 he needed to persuade her they belonged in bed together . 
 `` let 's go for a drive along the shore . '' 
 her face lit with enthusiasm , then she looked at the monitor . 
 `` nina might need me . '' 
 `` it 's only a drive , nothing elaborate or far away . 
 just some grown-up time away from work . 
 i 've already spoken to jonah and he 's on his way over from the carriage house . '' 
 ginger and her husband were in d.c. for business . 
 `` he can call us or the housekeeper if he has any questions . 
 nina 's asleep and seems out for the count . '' 
 he held up the monitor , bobbling it back and forth in front of her . 
 `` i looked and listened . '' 
 `` i did n't hear you . '' 
 she eyed her receiver-the set had come with an extra-for the nursery monitor as if it had betrayed her . 
 `` i was very quiet . 
 i did n't want to wake her up . '' 
 he rotated her chair toward him . 
 `` you deserve a break . 
 come on . '' 
 she tucked her tongue in the corner of her cheek as she always did when mulling something over , an increasingly sexy habit that left him aching to get her alone out of the house . 
 phoebe gripped the arm rests with a resolute smack . 
 `` okay , you 've convinced me . 
 let me just save my work . '' 
 she clicked along the keyboard then rolled the chair away from the desk , rising to her feet . 
 stopping mere inches away from him . 
 her vanilla-sweet scent tempted him to skim his knuckles down her cheek . 
 just one stroke . 
 except he did n't want to pull his hand away . 
 she stared up at him , her pupils widening , pushing at the brown until the colors blended . 
 a clearing throat sounded from across the room . 
 damn . 
 phoebe blushed . 
 kyle dropped his hand to squeeze her shoulder and turned to find jonah lounging in the open doorway . 
 long hair brushed his shoulders , their rebel brother marching to his own tune , as always . 
 `` i 'm ready to report for diaper duty , bro . '' 
 kyle passed over the nursery monitor . 
 `` thanks . 
 i owe you . '' 
 phoebe snagged a pencil . 
 `` i 'll have all her instructions written down in just a min - '' jonah whipped a piece of paper from his back pocket . 
 `` already taken care of . 
 kyle left me a very detailed list . '' 
 he glanced at his older brother . 
 `` you know i 'm not ten anymore , right ? 
 now go , both of you . '' 
 `` on our way out . '' 
 kyle wrapped an arm around phoebe 's shoulders and shuttled her out of the office into the hall . 
 `` you actually know nina 's routine . '' 
 she glanced up at him , surprisingly not pulling away . 
 progress . 
 `` is n't that why you brought her here ? '' 
 he steered her down the long corridor , enjoying the familiar feel of her against his side . 
 `` to give nina a father ? '' 
 her smile faded and she tensed under his arm . 
 `` has your private detective uncovered anything new about bianca ? '' 
 `` a few facts , none of them particularly helpful or i would have told you right away . '' 
 he wished he had all the military intelligence equipment at his disposal now , but he could only keep tossing more money at private detectives . 
 what a mess for the kid . 
 if bianca had just gone off to party , then she did n't care about her child . 
 and if she were dead ... either way , nina needed them . 
 he was realizing more and more every day that he would n't let bianca keep his child from him ever again . 
 even if she returned , he would still play a major role in nina 's life . 
 `` bianca got fired a week into the rehearsals . 
 then it seems she just disappeared . 
 no credit card use , nothing . 
 but there 's no indication she 's met with foul play , either . '' 
 `` that 's a relief at least . '' 
 phoebe grasped the banister on the way down the winding inside stairway that led to the garage . 
 `` at least the judge is on our side with the temporary custody order . '' 
 she glanced over her shoulder at him . 
 `` how long do you think we 'll need to keep up this charade ? '' 
 `` let 's just take it a day at a time . '' 
 he swept open the garage door . 
 `` or rather , one evening at a time . '' 
 he palmed her waist on his way past the suv for towing the boat and on down the line of family vehicles . 
 phoebe tapped his hand on her shoulder . 
 `` kyle ? 
 kyle , that 's your mercedes . '' 
 `` we 're not taking it . '' 
 he passed his car and stopped in front of their ride for the night . 
 `` i leased this for a few days . '' 
 a 1965 aston martin convertible . 
 `` oh my god , '' she gasped . 
 `` james bond style . '' 
 he opened the passenger door and passed her a scarf . 
 `` let 's make it a ride to remember . '' 
 after settling in behind the wheel and maneuvering out of the estate , he opened up the engine on the shoreline road . 
 she threw her head back with an abandon that stirred thoughts of uninhibited sex . 
 he downshifted around a curve , houses spacing farther and farther apart until there was nothing but shoreline stretching ahead . 
 she hooked her arm along the open window , her hair and the scarf streaking behind her . 
 `` this is amazing . '' 
 `` wait until i drive you along the shores of greece . '' 
 she laughed , along for the fun of the daydream . 
 `` then we could go to the parthenon . 
 i 've always wanted to see it for real . '' 
 `` i can make that happen tomorrow . '' 
 phoebe pulled her arm back inside . 
 `` nina has a well-baby checkup . '' 
 `` then we 'll go the next day . '' 
 he slowed the vintage car , angling off to the side of the road , easing to a stop . 
 he needed to recapture the joy on her face from earlier . 
 `` what else is on your tourism wish list ? '' 
 her face creased with incredulity . 
 `` well now , if we 're dreaming , let 's dream big . '' 
 her eyes tracked fast as if she was overwhelmed by the possibilities . 
 `` i 'd want to see all the regular stuff , big ben , the eiffel tower , but mostly i want to see the street-side cafes , the people , the feels and tastes of the ... '' she shook her head , scooting down in her seat . 
 `` i 'm being silly . '' 
 `` not silly at all . 
 seeing the world has always helped me put life into perspective . '' 
 his job as head of the international offices for the landis foundation offered a lot of travel , the main reason he had been all right with ending his military career . 
 phoebe wrapped her arms around her waist as she took in the open marshlands on one side of the car and boats bobbing on open water on the other . 
 the humid air hung heavy through the evening and brought cooler weather . 
 `` thank you again for the outing . 
 i ca n't believe you planned this for me . 
 it 's perfect . '' 
 she turned her head along the back of the seat to look at him . 
 `` you 've really been wonderful all week . 
 i appreciate your trying so hard . '' 
 `` do n't go getting soft on me now . 
 remember that love talk we had . '' 
 she thumped his shoulder , laughing . 
 `` egomaniac . '' 
 he laughed along with her , wondering how in the span of just a week it could have become so important to him to see her smile . 
 her eyes held his . 
 she stilled , waves crashing in the silence between them . 
 he angled to kiss her and found she was already on her way over to meet him halfway . 
 a kiss . 
 just a kiss but the feel of her soft lips against him stirred him more than ... hell , he did n't want to think about anyone else . 
 only her and how damn good she felt against him . 
 her br ** sts brushed his chest , and he had to feel her skin . 
 now . 
 he skimmed his hands under the hem of her cotton shirt and stroked up her back , urging her closer to him . 
 not near enough . 
 the sexy sound she made-a high sigh , half moan-sent his hand higher to span her back and feel every available inch of her . 
 his heart rate kicked into overdrive faster than the aston martin , all systems go . 
 he 'd waited for her ever since that kiss on their wedding day , but it felt as if he 'd been waiting forever . 
 if he could guide her across to straddle his lap - she nipped along his mouth and rested her cheek against his , her breath gusting over his ear . 
 `` we ca n't do this . '' 
 his pulse was more jacked than if he 'd run all the way here , but he slowed his breathing to try and rein himself in . 
 he 'd hardly done more than kiss her , yet she had a way of shredding his restraint . 
 he caressed up and down her back , massaging . 
 `` i have birth control in my wallet . '' 
 phoebe buried her face against his shoulder . 
 `` that 's not what i meant . 
 it 's too soon . 
 we 've only known each other a week . '' 
 had n't he thought the same thing a few seconds ago ? 
 but he could n't bring himself to fuel her argument . 
 `` we 're married adults . '' 
 arching back , she cupped his face , her hands firm . 
 `` do you have a hearing problem ? 
 i 've only known you a week . '' 
 the real answer knocked around inside his head . 
 `` you 're not over your dead husband . '' 
 she flopped back in her seat and shouted to the open sky , `` damn it , kyle , i 've only known you a week ! '' 
 `` how long had you known him ? '' 
 frustration-and , hell yeah , jealousy-made him push when he damn well knew better . 
 phoebe hesitated so long he wondered for a minute if she was simply going to blow off his question . 
 he was just about to start the car again when she sighed . 
 `` i 'd known him all my life , '' phoebe said softly . 
 `` he told me he loved me the first time when we were seven years old and i fell off my bike . 
 we had a great marriage right up to when he died five years ago . '' 
 she looked down . 
 `` that probably sounds corny to a cynic like you . '' 
 it sounded exactly like the sort of unconditional commitment a woman like her deserved . 
 `` my parents had that kind of marriage before he died . 
 she loved him so much i did n't think she stood a chance at finding it again . 
 but man , was i wrong . '' 
 her stillness stopped him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 the moonlight illuminated the confusion in her eyes . 
 `` you 're making an argument for falling in love twice , but i 'm not supposed to fall in love with you . '' 
 ah , crap . 
 `` wait , uh ... '' `` gotcha . '' 
 she winked . 
 and that surprised the socks off him . 
 `` you 're wicked , phoebe landis . '' 
 `` not really . '' 
 something had shifted between them when she 'd opened up enough to talk about her past and , all jealousy aside , he was n't letting that progress slip away . 
 he draped an arm over the steering wheel . 
 `` oh , i think you 've got a seriously untapped bad girl in there . '' 
 she tightened her wispy scarf around her head again . 
 `` well , i can tell you for sure you wo n't be tapping any of that tonight . '' 
 he let his gaze wander over her , begrudgingly enjoying this bold , confident side of her . 
 at least her eyes did n't have that haunted look anymore . 
 in fact , with her swollen lips and tousled hair , she appeared vibrant . 
 vital . 
 and very , very touchable . 
 good thing he already had his hands on the wheel . 
 kyle cranked the engine . 
 he would let her go for now , but he had hopes for a lot more next time . 
 `` lady , you 're killing me here . '' 
 `` somehow , i believe you 'll survive until morning . '' 
 `` i 'll be thinking of you all night . '' 
 and he 'd already arranged it so when she climbed in bed , she would find a surprise gift that ensured she would think of him , too . 
 seven `` thanks , jonah , '' phoebe said softly , walking up the side steps to the porch just off her suite . 
 the sandy wind stung her legs , her skin still overly sensitive from one sensory-igniting kiss . 
 when he did n't answer , she moved closer , reassured by the steady drone of the nursery monitor on the table.her brother-in-law sprawled in a chair at the table , his head back and eyes closed . 
 his laptop computer also rested on the table , open to a full-screen shot of a girl with a backpack , a panoramic mountain range in the background . 
 curiosity drew phoebe closer ... jonah 's eyes snapped open . 
 she stepped back , embarrassed to be caught staring at him when he was apparently resting his eyes . 
 `` pretty girl . '' 
 `` nice ride ? '' 
 he asked , dodging her comment and clicking the photo closed . 
 what was his life like when he was n't surrounded by his ambitious and well-connected family ? 
 `` lovely ride . 
 the shoreline view is gorgeous . 
 thank you again for keeping an ear out for nina . 
 did she give you any trouble while we were away ? '' 
 he glanced past her as if to check for kyle . 
 she was alone , though . 
 kyle was putting away the aston , since she 'd bolted from the vehicle as quickly as she could rather than risk being tempted further . 
 jonah passed her the nursery monitor . 
 `` the munchkin did n't make a sound the whole time . 
 but do n't worry , i still looked in on her twice . '' 
 she tapped the top of his computer . 
 `` checking your myspace ? '' 
 he tucked the laptop under his arm . 
 `` grad school paper . 
 thank goodness for laptops . '' 
 jonah winked on his way past and down the steps , looking so much like kyle-except for the longer hair . 
 `` g'night , phoebe . '' 
 he loped across the manicured lawn toward the carriage house , keeping his secrets . 
 she wondered if kyle knew more about the girl on jonah 's screen saver . 
 they seemed such a close family . 
 how easy it would be to grow too comfortable here and forget it was all temporary . 
 phoebe wrapped her arms around her waist , wishing it were that easy to hold together the pieces of her tattered control . 
 she 'd played things light with kyle after his kiss . 
 she 'd sensed that would be the best way to gain some much needed distance . 
 his surprise ride along the shore in the vintage auto had touched her far more than any five-star dinners . 
 without question , the quirky car pick appealed to the history buff in her . 
 he 'd chosen his venue well for softening her up . 
 time to return to reality . 
 she eyed the nursery monitor , then raised it to her ear . 
 lullaby music played in the background , but she needed to see her girl to be sure . 
 she creaked open the nursery door , leaned inside and , sure enough , nina slept soundly as jonah had said . 
 the little one sucked her bottom lip , snoozing away . 
 phoebe closed the door softly , suddenly awake and restless . 
 maybe she should try to get more work accomplished , except she could n't scrounge up enthusiasm for chaining herself to a desk , especially after the open-air outing . 
 might as well just curl up in bed and try to sleep , since nina would be awake early . 
 phoebe pivoted toward her bed ... and stopped short . 
 a large gift , wrapped in rose-patterned paper , rested on top of the pink-and-white accent pillows . 
 cocking her head to the side , she approached the package warily . 
 who ? 
 she plucked the card from under the bow and found it simply read : enjoy ! 
 kyle . 
 her skin began tingling again in excitement as she picked up the briefcase-size box , testing the weight . 
 heavier than she would have expected . 
 she did n't dare shake it without knowing if it was fragile . 
 she peeled back a piece of tape slowly , careful not to tear the paper . 
 it had been a long while since someone had surprised her with a present . 
 phoebe parted the floral wrapping , taking her time in the unveiling ... of ... a laptop computer . 
 her nerves tingled hotter , tighter , his thoughtfulness touching her as firmly as any stroke of his hands . 
 how had he pulled this off ? 
 she glanced at the porch . 
 he must have left the gift with jonah to place on her bed . 
 kyle had put even more planning into the evening than she 'd first realized . 
 he must have noticed her struggling to balance work with caring for nina . 
 the new computer would make her life so much easier . 
 possibilities bloomed in her mind . 
 she could even write on the patio , with nina in her swing . 
 phoebe smoothed her hands along the box , the night stretching long and lonely ahead of her . 
 she knew full well what she was missing in turning him away . 
 her cell phone rang from inside her purse . 
 she looked at the clock-11 :42 p.m.-and smiled . 
 it could only be kyle this late at night . 
 she fished the phone from her bag and , yes , his number scrolled across the faceplate . 
 dropping onto the edge of her bed , she answered . 
 `` thank you so much for the computer . 
 i should say it 's too extravagant , but it 'll help me spend more time with nina so i ca n't bring myself to say no . '' 
 `` i was counting on that . 
 and you 're welcome . '' 
 his bourbon-smooth voice intoxicated even through the airwaves . 
 she sagged back on the pile of pillows . 
 `` why are you doing all of this ? 
 i would have taken care of nina without all the kindness . '' 
 silence vibrated through the phone and over her nerves . 
 `` kyle ? '' 
 `` i 'm here . 
 and i think you know exactly why . '' 
 her mouth dried up with the possibilities , dangerous possibilities that could threaten her objectivity . 
 `` sex would complicate things between us . 
 we would n't be able to go back . 
 that could make things very awkward living together . '' 
 `` would it help you to know that my new job is with landis international ? 
 i 'll be traveling a lot , starting next week . '' 
 he would be leaving soon ? 
 she inched up higher on the pillow stack , not sure how she felt about this latest revelation . 
 `` all this romance has been about a short-term affair ? '' 
 `` you 've made it clear you are n't interested in any emotional commitment . '' 
 he paused while his words sunk into her brain , tickling her mind with the possibilities . 
 `` five years is a long time to go without sex . '' 
 there was only one way to deal with kyle . 
 surprise him , keep him as off balance as he kept her . 
 if that was even possible . 
 `` who says i 've lived like a nun since my husband died ? '' 
 `` are you sure about that ? '' 
 `` of course i 'm sure . '' 
 she 'd dated and even tried to take things to that level , only to bail before making it to the bedroom . 
 `` i 've learned to take care of those needs on my own . '' 
 had she really just said that out loud ? 
 at least she 'd managed to shock him silent . 
 she gripped the phone until her fingers turned blue . 
 `` damn , phoebe , '' he growled low . 
 `` you 're trying to kill me , are n't you ? 
 because an image of you ` taking care of yourself ' could definitely give me heart failure . '' 
 she burrowed deeper into her pillows , her face heating with embarrassment-and stirring excitement . 
 `` i ca n't believe we 're even having this discussion . '' 
 `` then i 'll let you go ... for tonight . 
 see you in the morning . '' 
 she thumbed the off button and clutched the phone between her br ** sts , right beside her pounding heart . 
 her way of dealing with kyle proved to be a double-edged sword . 
 in spite of her best intentions and how little time they 'd known each other , she was n't sure how much longer she could hold out against the allure of kyle and a short-term affair . 
 four days later , kyle buckled the seat belt in the landis family jet , preparing for takeoff . 
 finally , he had phoebe to himself after an evening of family attendance at a diplomatic dinner in d.c. at the infamous watergate hotel . 
 phoebe had agreed to come along when she 'd realized they could fly there and back in the same evening . 
 nina would only be with a sitter for a few hours , mostly asleep . 
 time management had been better for phoebe overall with the computer , so she 'd agreed . 
 his pulse kicked up a notch just remembering their phone conversation the night he 'd given her the new laptop . 
 finding ways to romance his wife had been an exciting challenge , but he was beginning to get a sense of the things that appealed to the history major in her . 
 he 'd initially planned on skipping the d.c. function because of the distance from home , and the temporary custody order mandated that nina stay in state for now . 
 then he 'd thought of the family 's private jet . 
 the event had been important for landis contacts and he 'd been surprised how much he enjoyed having her by his side . 
 his brothers and their wives had stayed in d.c. to visit longer with their mother and her husband . 
 sebastian and marianna had a sitter who traveled with them . 
 maybe next time nina could go with them and they could spend the day in the smithsonian - next time ? 
 he should be focusing on the present and the stunning woman in the seat next to him . 
 her hair sleekly upswept , phoebe stared out the window at the night sky as they left the nation 's capital behind after an evening of dancing . 
 the vibrantly red satin gown hugged her elegant curves , the strapless cut revealing a hint of the gentle swell of her br ** sts . 
 landis diamonds around her neck and dangling from her ears refracted the muted overhead light as if the stars from outside had come inside . 
 the european ambassadors had n't been able to keep their eyes off her . 
 the intercom system crackled to life . 
 `` mr. and mrs. landis , '' the pilot 's voice filled the cabin , `` we 're at cruising altitude . 
 you are free to walk around . '' 
 kyle unbuckled his seat belt and strode toward the galley kitchen . 
 `` there 's a midnight snack here if you 're hungry . '' 
 he 'd planned ahead for this private time with phoebe . 
 the pilot was in front behind a closed partition , and a sleeping compartment was built into the back behind another partition . 
 he really did n't need to think about the bed a few feet away . 
 not yet , anyway . 
 phoebe unbuckled her seat belt and stood , stretching with a sensual moan of pleasure that shot straight to his groin . 
 `` thanks , for the food , for the whole evening . 
 this is so surreal , '' she twirled in the middle of the floor , her hand sweeping toward the sofas lining one wall and the rows of leather seats on the other , `` having a babysitter while we jet up to d.c. for dinner and dancing , home before nina even wakes up . '' 
 `` i 'm glad you enjoyed yourself . 
 you look ... '' he took in the curve of her exposed neck , her creamy skin glowing against the deep red strapless dress . 
 `` absolutely amazing . '' 
 `` and thank you again . 
 you look very handsome yourself , mr. landis . '' 
 she stepped closer to him , toe to toe , and tugged his tuxedo tie straight again . 
 `` do you miss your uniform ? '' 
 he stilled under her touch , careful not to startle her away . 
 `` do you ? '' 
 some women were downright groupies when it came to military men . 
 the person inside did n't matter to them , only the trappings that came with the job . 
 she patted his chest once before backing away . 
 `` you 're just as good-looking in the tux as you are with the medals , and you know it . '' 
 his chest still bore the phantom feel of her touch , his skin warm under the stiff fabric . 
 but he was making progress , so he let phoebe have her space . 
 he pulled the protective wrapping off a silver tray of brie , bread and fruit , and opened a chilled bottle of sparkling water . 
 `` you must really think i 'm egotistical . '' 
 `` i think you 're confident and sexy and exasperating . '' 
 she plucked a purple grape from the platter and popped it into her mouth . 
 `` so you 're okay with hanging up your uniform ? '' 
 he barely registered her words , so caught up in watching the way her pink lips moved , enticing him to kiss the sheen of juice from her lips . 
 then he saw she was waiting for his answer . 
 `` sure , i feel nostalgic about turning a page on that chapter of my life , but honestly , i never planned on the air force being a career . '' 
 `` then why did you join up if you always intended to get out before retirement ? '' 
 she leaned a slim hip against the marble counter dividing the kitchen from the seating area . 
 his gaze lingered on that hip as he imagined his hand molding to fit the curve of her waist and trail lower to explore . 
 he filled two cut-crystal glasses with ice , then water . 
 he wanted something stronger , but he needed a clear head around this woman . 
 `` it was about serving my country , about giving something back . '' 
 `` that 's really admirable . '' 
 she studied him with curious eyes before looking away self-consciously . 
 she reached for her water glass . 
 `` i read up on you before i came here , and i saw that you were in a plane that was shot down . 
 there was n't a lot of information in the article . 
 the writer noted something about withholding details to protect you while you finished your tour of duty . 
 i wondered if the crash had anything to do with your decision to get out of the service . '' 
 that day smoked to life in his memory like a dark but distant cloud . 
 `` definitely not the highlight of my life , but i know i was lucky . 
 not a scratch on me . 
 apparently someone lurking around on a mountain shot down the plane . 
 everyone survived the crash landing , but we had to abandon the site to hide out from rebels . 
 so the rescue mission took a while longer . '' 
 her hand flew to her neck , her face creasing with concern . 
 `` those hours must have been horrifyingly long for you . 
 how did you get through it ? '' 
 he spread brie over a cracker slowly , his mind awash in memories . 
 `` we all opened up an mre-meal ready to eat-and thought about our families back at home . 
 as i sat there , crunching on the rat-nasty crackers , i kept remembering how sebastian and i used to eat peanut butter and marshmallow sandwiches when we were kids . '' 
 `` that must have been frightening wondering if you would see them again . '' 
 it had been total hell . 
 he offered her the cracker and cheese , surprised to see his hand was steady . 
 he lost himself in that past memory to distract himself now , as he had in the desert . 
 `` this one time when i was about ten and he was nine , we spent most of the summer playing in a forest behind our house . 
 well , it seemed like a forest , anyway . 
 it was probably just a few trees with a bike path . '' 
 `` have n't you always lived at the landis compound ? '' 
 `` my grandparents used to live at the compound . 
 we moved in when dad got out of the air force and ran for senator . 
 dad said we needed the extra security the place afforded , but i sure missed the freedom of our old digs . '' 
 `` that sounds like a haven for children . '' 
 she brushed a cracker crumb away from the corner of her mouth absently , her eyes locked on him . 
 kyle picked up his water glass , swirling the lime around and around . 
 `` we would hang out in ` our woods ' all day long . 
 we 'd pack marshmallow and peanut butter sandwiches , take a gallon jug of kool-aid . 
 and we dug tunnels . '' 
 `` tunnels ? '' 
 she nudged gently . 
 `` we dug deep trenches , put plywood over the top , then piled dirt to finish it off . '' 
 he could almost smell the musty little cavern . 
 `` we were lucky we did n't die crawling around in there . 
 we could have suffocated , or the roofing could have given way if someone had accidentally stepped on one of those boards . '' 
 shivering , she wrapped her arms around herself , plumping her br ** sts in an understated but alluring display . 
 `` what did your mother say when she found out ? '' 
 his eyes flicked over her neckline and he closed his hands against the impulse to learn the shape of her firsthand . 
 he knocked back half a glass of water . 
 `` my mother never knew about the tunnels . 
 she would have grounded us until we left for college if she had . '' 
 and they would have deserved it . 
 his mother had been tough but fair . 
 `` we made jonah stand guard and let us know if she was coming . '' 
 `` how much did you have to pay him not to snitch ? '' 
 `` who said we paid him ? '' 
 he winked . 
 `` he 's the youngest . 
 he did what we said . '' 
 she leaned closer for another grape , her vanilla perfume drifting over him . 
 `` and your oldest brother , matthew ? '' 
 `` he 's too much of a rule-follower . 
 we never let him in on the secret . 
 i was especially into it-i would sneak out there on my own sometimes . 
 sebastian says it 's no surprise i went into the military . '' 
 `` so you 're all four even closer now that you 're adults . '' 
 her gaze danced down to her glass of water . 
 `` i envy that kind of love and support . '' 
 `` we 're lucky . 
 i was lucky that day in the desert . 
 i thought about those sandwiches a lot while i waited in that trench in afghanistan . '' 
 what would he think about if the same thing happened today ? 
 without question , he knew his mind would be packed with images of phoebe and nina . 
 they 'd both filled his world so damn quickly , an unsettling notion given how short a time they 'd both been in his life . 
 phoebe rested her hand on his by the silver platter . 
 `` it 's really honorable that you served your country . 
 you had any number of options and you still chose to give back . '' 
 he flipped his hand to link fingers , her soft skin , her warmth , and just that fast he found himself imagining how much softer her skin would be under the dress . 
 `` or maybe i just did n't know what to do with myself after graduation . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` if that had been the case you could have simply lived off your trust fund . '' 
 `` boring . '' 
 he shrugged off her compliment , uncomfortable . 
 he stroked his thumb over her wrist , enjoying the way her pulse leapt under his touch . 
 her pupils widened with awareness , but she did n't pull away . 
 `` what about your new job ? 
 will it keep you from being bored ? '' 
 this whole conversation was getting deeper than he 'd intended . 
 he did n't want anyone picking around inside his brain , getting closer , especially when he knew his lifestyle and hers ultimately would n't be compatible for anything more than a casual affair . 
 they needed to keep emotions well clear , for nina 's long-term benefit . 
 he also needed to get this conversation , this whole outing , back on track . 
 still holding her hand , he tugged her nearer until her br ** sts brushed against his chest . 
 his body tightened instantly in response . 
 `` you know what would keep me from being bored right now ? '' 
 her head tipped back , exposing her neck as she stared up at him with intense dark eyes . 
 `` stop it . 
 i want to talk . 
 if you really want to stand a chance at getting me in bed , then be serious for just five minutes . '' 
 phoebe 's words stoked his barely banked desire . 
 `` you 're entertaining the possibility of us in bed ? '' 
 eight standing in the jet cabin with her emotions as firmly in the clouds as her body , phoebe could n't deny it any longer . 
 she wanted to make love to kyle . 
 and yes , there was a part of her that was comforted by the fact that he would be leaving soon . 
 the aftermath would be simpler with time to regroup . 
 maybe , just maybe she could keep her heart safe this go-around . 
 the whole outing had been surreal from the start . 
 she 'd never imagined flying in a private jet , wearing such extravagant jewels or hobnobbing with international dignitaries in a historic hotel ballroom . 
 but the man more than the accessories had made the evening . 
 kyle had been at his charming best , his smile and strength reminding her at every turn of the pleasure waiting a simple stroke away . 
 if she dared . 
 she knew without question if she did n't take this chance now , she would regret it for the rest of her life . 
 kyle was right . 
 she was on fire with unfulfilled needs , needs growing increasingly painful the more time she spent with him . 
 committed , nervous-excited-she flattened her hands to his chest again . 
 `` as soon as we land , i want us to be together , to consummate this marriage . '' 
 his eyes went sexy lidded as he slid his hands around her back , angling her hip-to-hip against him . 
 `` who says we have to wait until we land ? '' 
 the possibility of having him now , here , sent a surge of thick longing through her veins . 
 but her ever-present practicality tapped her with reservations . 
 `` what about the pilot ? '' 
 `` he 's behind the partition and has his hands full flying the plane . 
 even if he needs to switch to autopilot and open the door for some reason , he would announce himself over the intercom first , '' kyle explained . 
 his hands roved up the zipper along her spine and down her bare shoulders , callused fingertips rasping over her skin with tantalizing masculinity . 
 `` the bedroom in back is n't large , but we 'll have privacy , atmosphere and protection . '' 
 need gathering speed inside her , she eyed the small door behind the seats . 
 she had n't paid much attention to it on the flight down since his brothers and sisters-in-law had been along . 
 she also had n't realized then that she and kyle would be flying back alone . 
 very alone . 
 no more waiting and second-guessing . 
 delicious anticipation sent her arching up on her toes until his mouth waited a whisper away from hers . 
 `` then , yes , i 'm more than entertaining the idea of us going to bed together . '' 
 his hands spanned her waist and he lifted her up onto the counter island . 
 he stepped between her legs , his breath warm and seductive against her brow . 
 `` stay right there , just where you are , so i can touch you , '' he sketched his lips over her brow , `` feel you , '' he kissed over her cheekbone , `` take my time with you . '' 
 he sealed his mouth to hers , his tongue searching , soothing and exciting all at once . 
 the thready reins on her restraint snapped . 
 she 'd been thinking of him , of this , ever since that night he 'd given her the laptop , the night he 'd told her she would be in his dreams . 
 she looped her arms around his neck , desperate to get even closer still . 
 the silk tuxedo lapels under her soothed along the overheated flesh of her exposed shoulders , the fabric a sexy , extravagant luxury for such steely strength . 
 his fingers traced just below the diamond necklace , dipping between her br ** sts far too briefly . 
 dragging in breaths between frenzied kisses , she inhaled the scent of his aftershave , gloried in the scratch of his rougher cheek against her skin . 
 hot sensation spiderwebbed over her skin , a network of exquisite pleasure from the barest of touches . 
 he cupped her face , brushing kisses over her eyes and cheeks while he stroked her exposed shoulders until her br ** sts ached for his attention . 
 she linked her ankles behind his knees and urged him nearer , as close as he could come with her gown bunching between them . 
 growling his appreciation , he inched the hem of her dress up to her knees , freeing her to wrap her legs around his waist . 
 he cupped her bottom and lifted her off the counter . 
 she squealed into his mouth , then held on tight as he walked across the cabin toward the door . 
 he opened the door to the sleeping compartment , angled inside and kicked it closed again with a final click . 
 the double bed invited with its thick burgundy comforter that brought out the warm glow of mahogany accents and brass-globe lighting . 
 dim light , but just enough for her to make out the hard lines of desire etched in kyle 's features as she sprinkled kisses over his face . 
 he lowered her to her feet , sliding her body down his with sensual precision . 
 `` patience , phoebe . '' 
 `` later . '' 
 she swept aside his tuxedo jacket , burning to see him , have him . 
 he tugged the zipper on her dress down her spine until the air gusting from above chilled her back . 
 she trembled in delicious anticipation . 
 finally . 
 his warm , bold hands tunneled inside , lower , lower still until he cupped her bottom and brought her against him for another moist , searching kiss . 
 rational thoughts scattered as quickly as their clothes hit the floor-both his clothes and hers-and before she knew it , cool air blasted over her bare br ** sts . 
 she tightened in response , her senses humming as surely as the engines powering them through the night sky . 
 his eyes roved her body as she stood clad in nothing more than her champagne silk panties and a fortune in diamonds . 
 `` what was that i said about patience ? 
 i ca n't seem to remember right now . '' 
 reveling in the mutual attraction , she kicked aside her dress pooled at her feet and savored staring at a gloriously nak * d man . 
 if she 'd had more space , she would have stepped back and simply admired him . 
 instead , she traced the angular line of his jaw , down to the hard plane of his collarbone , over his pectorals . 
 his muscles jumped under her fingertips . 
 he stepped closer , his skin sealing against hers , the hot , hard length of his desire pressed to her stomach . 
 kyle walked , backing her until the edge of the mattress hit behind her knees . 
 she toppled onto the bed and he followed her down , ducking his head in the tightly confined space . 
 the small cavern with curved walls , engine droning , gave her the sense of being closed off from everyone and everything . 
 they were truly in their own private haven . 
 he stretched over her , leaning on his elbows to hold the bulk of his weight off her . 
 she hooked a leg around him , pulling him full out on her . 
 she wanted all of him , the full-bodied experience of him blanketing her . 
 he palmed just below her br ** sts , stroking his thumbs along the sides , then around to her already tight n ** ples . 
 the pressure of his gentle torment made her ache for more and she arched against the warm pressure of his leg between hers . 
 his blue eyes darkened to near violet , broadcasting just how much he wanted her , too . 
 her eyelids went heavy , and she could n't stop them from closing even as she mourned losing the vision of him over her . 
 other senses heightening , she inhaled the tangy scent of him mixed with the musk of desire . 
 part of her felt the frantic edge of passion clawing to get free , but she gritted back the impulse to rush . 
 reality would take over soon enough . 
 she felt the hot gust of his breath an instant before he took her mouth . 
 he kissed her , long and well with the talent of a man who knew how to please . 
 tasting the pungent , buttery flavor of brie , she explored just as deeply . 
 he stroked her br ** sts with persistence until she wriggled against him , hungry for deeper pressure . 
 and she could tell without question he was n't unaffected . 
 the hard swell of him throbbed and she ached to learn the intimate feel of him . 
 phoebe slid her hand between them and encircled his hard length , slowly caressing until he rolled onto his side , taking her with him . 
 she considered tumbling farther so she could be on top . 
 a quick glance told her the angled ceiling was low enough that if she lost control and arched back she could bump her head . 
 a definite mood buster . 
 she draped her leg over his , understanding now why he 'd shifted , and she found she liked the equality of power in the position so very much , especially when he hooked his thumb along the low waistband of her underwear . 
 her hand stilled , every nerve ending focused on where his search would lead him next ... yes . 
 two thick fingers dipped inside her panties , his touch cool and welcome against her overheated flesh . 
 he stroked , parted , found the tight bundle of nerves . 
 her hands fell away and she gripped the comforter , tighter and tighter until her muscles burned . 
 faster , but softer he circled until frustration knotted within her . 
 she nipped his lip . 
 he growled lowly , trailing his mouth away , along her neck . 
 she gasped , again , and could n't stop the moan that followed . 
 if she did n't find relief soon , she might well scream . 
 `` no more teasing . 
 finish this . 
 patience is for later , remember ? '' 
 `` whatever you say , whatever you want . '' 
 he traced the curve of her ear , his promise stroking her senses as surely as his hands , his tongue , even the enticing brush of his body against her . 
 still , he would n't allow her the release she craved . 
 she let go of his hip and tried to slide her hand between them again to torment him as fully as he was tormenting her . 
 he clasped her wrist , halting her progress . 
 a whimper slid past her lips . 
 `` no more . '' 
 `` do you want to stop ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 i mean , no more playing . '' 
 she stroked the full length of him . 
 he groaned . 
 `` we 're in agreement on that . '' 
 if nothing else . 
 but she did n't want doubts or darker thoughts now . 
 she needed-deserved-this stolen moment of pleasure with him . 
 he thumbed either side of her panties and skimmed them down . 
 his hands came back up and somehow he 'd palmed a condom . 
 before she could chase that thought further to a time when she 'd considered getting pregnant , kyle sheathed himself and pulled her to him again . 
 side by side , he nudged against the core of her , entering , stretching , her body oh-so-sensitive from such a long stint of abstinence . 
 gasping , she went boneless from the sheer pleasure of the thick pressure . 
 she slid an arm over him , her fingers threading through his close-shorn hair . 
 he whispered in her ear , words of encouragement , of how much he wanted her , how she turned him inside out . 
 each sexy sound stroked her emotions as smoothly as he stroked her body while they rocked against each other . 
 she 'd wanted him since hearing that sexy voice of his for the first time . 
 it had been so damn long since she 'd even felt desire , much less pursued it . 
 the rippling , sweet surge of sensations stormed through her as she writhed against him . 
 she pressed her face against his neck , grasping him with frenetic hands , her nails scoring down his back . 
 too soon , the storm gathered in that tightening swell and as much as she wanted to delay , she lost control . 
 she clasped him closer , harder . 
 her teeth clamped into his shoulder with the force of her completion exploding through her . 
 he thrust harder , faster , drawing out her orgasm until every nerve tingled , damn near burned until he followed her over the edge . 
 slowly , she realized her arms were locked around him , the vent chilling the light sheen of sweat slicking her body and his . 
 he rolled to his back , hugging her to his side . 
 his chest still pumped heavily and she could n't have found the air to talk even if she knew what to say . 
 she was n't even sure what to think . 
 she was too busy being scared . 
 because without question , she 'd found so much more than she 'd expected to experience here with him . 
 ever with anyone . 
 at an earlier , freer time in her life , she might have taken a chance on this man with potent kisses , restless feet and a carefree smile . 
 a risky proposition , to say the least . 
 with nina 's stability at stake , phoebe feared she could n't risk another night in his bed . 
 after their jet landed and they gathered their luggage , kyle opened the car door for phoebe , enjoying the way the moonlight played with her loose hair . 
 hair loose and fluffed from lovemaking . 
 before they 'd even had time to steady their breathing , the pilot had called over the loudspeaker , announcing they were preparing to land . 
 phoebe had launched from bed and shimmied into her dress again . 
 he 'd known she had a passionate nature beneath her cool exterior , but he had n't had a freaking clue how much steam waited to be tapped . 
 his body surged with the memory of how she 'd fit against him , of how she 'd responded . 
 of how damn hot she 'd looked wearing nothing but diamonds and a light sheen of perspiration . 
 his back bore the marks of her pleasure . 
 and he looked forward to adding more as soon as they both recharged with a few hours ' sleep . 
 he slid into the driver 's side of the mercedes . 
 `` we 'll be home soon . 
 i 've already arranged for someone to come by in the morning to watch nina so you can sleep in . '' 
 she looked at him sharply . 
 `` thank you , but i 'd rather not . 
 i 've already spent enough time away from her . '' 
 he drove out of the small airport 's parking area and onto the main highway . 
 `` i can see how that would be upsetting for nina . '' 
 `` it 's more than just not wanting her upset . 
 she 's had enough shuffling in her life as it is . '' 
 phoebe shoved her hair back from her face , frustration sparking in her eyes as clearly as the diamonds refracting the dash lights . 
 `` do n't look at me like i 'm being overprotective . '' 
 had he done that ? 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he reached across to tunnel a hand under her hair and massage the back of her neck . 
 `` i only wanted to make sure you had enough rest . '' 
 she tucked her tongue in the side of her mouth . 
 `` i 'm the one who should apologize for snapping . 
 you were just being thoughtful . '' 
 she sank back into the seat , easing away from his hand . 
 `` i 'm so afraid of doing something wrong with her . 
 before nina came into my life , i knew so little about babies . 
 as bianca started depending on me more and more for babysitting , i did research to make sure i had all the most current information . '' 
 good god , if she inched any farther away from him she would fall through the open car window . 
 what the hell was up ? 
 suddenly her speed in getting dressed and out of the jet seemed like evasion rather than efficiency . 
 he needed to keep her talking and hopefully clear the furrows from her brow before they got home . 
 before they went to bed . 
 `` how did you and bianca end up friends-and staying friends ? 
 you 're both so different . '' 
 `` we met in a theater history class in college . 
 roger was a theater major , too , and i took the class to be with him . '' 
 streetlights whipped past on the nearly deserted road . 
 `` we met bianca and we all hit it off . 
 she 's more the flamboyant type and i crewed backstage for a couple of productions , building sets , making costumes . '' 
 `` what about roger ? '' 
 he stomped back any residual jealousy and watched her out of the corner of his eye . 
 `` he was a playwright , a really gifted one . '' 
 she thumbed her wedding ring around and around . 
 `` i 've always thought he would have made it big if he 'd lived . '' 
 he could n't miss how she talked about both bianca and roger being the spotlight sort yet did n't seem to see her own special individuality . 
 `` we all three had such big plans and dreams in those days . '' 
 she looked down and he wondered if she felt some of the same jealousy he 'd wrestled with . 
 `` i 'm not really sure why i 've kept in touch with her , but i 'm glad i made the effort for the occasional lunch out to catch up . 
 otherwise , i never would have known nina . '' 
 she looked over at him , full on for the first time since they 'd made love . 
 `` what are you thinking ? '' 
 `` that maybe you kept up the friendship with bianca in spite of your differences because you were n't ready to let go of your husband . '' 
 downshifting around a corner onto a two-lane road , he hated the image coming together in his mind . 
 `` being around her made you feel connected to him . 
 this way , you do n't have to let go and move on . '' 
 pain flashed through her eyes . 
 `` wow , that 's pretty insightful for a card-carrying member of the testosterone club . '' 
 `` that 's me-mr . 
 sensitive . '' 
 what would have happened if he 'd met phoebe instead of bianca ? 
 `` so you 've researched mommying 101 . '' 
 `` there 's a lot of information out there , scary information . '' 
 he pulled up outside the security gates leading into the landis compound . 
 `` you still look worried . '' 
 `` of course i 'm concerned about her future , '' she said as the iron barriers swung open . 
 `` we may have kept her safe today , but until we know where bianca stands , there 's still so much uncertainty . 
 i guess what worries me most is the uncertainty . 
 if nina is meant to be with bianca , of course it will break my heart to let her go , but it 's more important that she be settled somewhere , securely , permanently . '' 
 `` even if it 's with bianca ? '' 
 he guided the car along the winding drive , oak trees and palmettos lining the way . 
 `` even if . 
 there are so many frightening studies out there right now about attachment disorder . 
 have you heard of it ? '' 
 `` only in very general terms . 
 it has something to do with kids not bonding , right ? '' 
 he pulled up outside the garage . 
 `` a lot of the studies focus on babies that are neglected or abused . 
 when they do n't learn to bond as babies , it affects how they can bond as children and adults . '' 
 she turned to face him , her face shadowy in the dark garage as the door closed behind them . 
 `` nina has n't been neglected or abused , but some of the studies also suggest there could be attachment issues when babies are shuffled from caregiver to caregiver , never having a chance to bond with anyone . '' 
 `` and that 's what you worry about with nina . '' 
 she stared down at her hands , twisting the diamond-studded wedding band around her finger again . 
 `` all babies deserve security . 
 i would do anything to keep her safe . 
 anything . '' 
 just that fast , it hit him . 
 even if he 'd met phoebe before , she might not have even consented to a date . 
 she 'd only married him because of nina . 
 her loyalty to nina-to her dead husband even-might not extend as far as him . 
 anger crackled inside him over the idea of just how far she may have been willing to go to secure nina 's future . 
 `` and was tonight about doing anything to make sure you do n't lose nina ? '' 
 her eyes went wide and her mouth fell open . 
 `` are you insinuating i would sleep with you just to keep nina ? '' 
 kyle scrubbed a hand over his unshaven face , reason poking through his anger . 
 `` of course not . 
 i know you better than that . '' 
 his hand fell away and he cupped the back of her neck again . 
 `` i 'm trying to figure out why you 're pulling away after some of the most amazing sex ever . '' 
 she looked away , but at least she did n't dodge his hand this time . 
 `` this is difficult for me , being with someone again . '' 
 a long swallow moved her throat . 
 `` you 've always had a large family to depend on , so maybe you do n't get what it 's like losing the only person in your world . 
 we only had each other . 
 he was a foster child and both my parents died before i finished college . 
 dad died from complications during a routine surgery and mother basically grieved herself to death . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he started massaging her neck again , finding deep and unrelenting kinks . 
 `` it was a long time ago , but i still miss them . 
 especially at times like this . 
 they would have enjoyed nina so much . '' 
 she smiled bittersweetly . 
 `` but you understand that , do n't you , having lost your father ? '' 
 he nodded , his dad 's death still as tough today as it had been when he was a confused and grieving teen . 
 how much worse it must be to lose a spouse . 
 `` how did your husband die ? 
 you said he drowned , but there must be more to the story than that . '' 
 she blinked fast even though her eyes were dry . 
 `` we 'd both been working too hard . 
 i was finishing up grad school , and he took on a second job to help pay my tuition . 
 we decided to spend an afternoon at the beach . 
 the day was beautiful , sun shining , but the wind was heavy , making for red-flag swimming conditions . 
 so we just picnicked . '' 
 `` what went wrong ? '' 
 fresh tension kinked in her neck under his fingers all over again . 
 he resisted the notion there might be nothing he could do to help her through this . 
 `` two tourists tried to surf the waves in spite of the warning . 
 one of the guys got caught in the riptide and called for help . '' 
 `` your husband answered the call . '' 
 god , he could n't even resent the guy anymore . 
 `` he would have made it out , too , but the surfboard hit him on the head . 
 it was a freak accident . '' 
 still , she blinked fast against dry eyes and he realized she 'd already cried herself dry over the man . 
 `` you really loved him . '' 
 she nodded simply , reaching up to link her fingers with his . 
 `` love that strong does n't just go away . '' 
 she cleared her throat and plastered a brittle smile on her face . 
 `` so do n't worry about me misunderstanding what happened back in the airplane . 
 i understand our marriage is short-term . 
 you 've made that clear enough from the beginning . '' 
 `` what if we stayed married ? '' 
 the words fell out before he 'd even formed the thought . 
 but once said , it made total sense . 
 `` we 've got a great thing going here . 
 amazing sex , a friendship , security . 
 we 're both so independent we wo n't need to live in each other 's back pocket . 
 you want clear ? 
 okay , let 's stay married . '' 
 she watched him with sad eyes . 
 `` what about love ? 
 you might find it one day and be sorry . '' 
 `` no , '' he insisted , backing away from even the thought . 
 `` i have my future mapped out and it 's too transitory for any woman to put up with . 
 we 'll have different expectations in a partnership . '' 
 he did n't know why this mattered so much , had never thought about extending the marriage before now . 
 but the possessiveness fisting in his chest would n't retreat . 
 kyle angled closer , the perfect argument coming to mind to win this battle . 
 defeat was suddenly , deeply unpalatable . 
 `` you could have more children one day . 
 you 're a natural mother . '' 
 she gasped . 
 in shock or horror ? 
 `` are you presenting yourself as a sperm donor ? '' 
 `` what if i 'm offering that , and more ? '' 
 his question filled the space between them with possibilities . 
 and she did n't say no outright . 
 confusion scrolled across her face and he prepped his next line of persuasion . 
 victory hovered so damn close - the phone rang from the depths of her bag . 
 she startled in her seat . 
 `` that can only be about nina this late . '' 
 she avoided his eyes and dug in the bag at her feet until she found her phone . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` phoebe ? '' 
 a female voice shrieked so loudly from the other end of the line kyle could hear clearly . 
 `` phoebe , is that you ? '' 
 the voice slammed him back in his seat . 
 it could n't be . 
 not now . 
 but phoebe 's terrified eyes confirmed what he already suspected . 
 bianca was alive and well on the other end of that phone line . 
 nine frozen in the front seat of the mercedes , phoebe gripped the phone , terror and relief warring within her . 
 kyle tensed beside her and she feared he might reach for the receiver.her fingers trembling , phoebe changed to speak-oerphone . 
 `` bianca ? 
 is that you ? '' 
 `` of course it 's me , '' her college friend , nina 's mother , answered . 
 her perfectly modulated voice filled the car . 
 any accent had long ago been smoothed away in her theater training . 
 `` i 'm standing outside your apartment . 
 i 've been ringing your doorbell for the past five minutes and the neighbors are starting to get pissed . 
 wake up and let me in . '' 
 bianca was in columbia ? 
 where had she been all this time ? 
 wherever she 'd been hiding out , she must not have read a newspaper if she did n't know about phoebe and kyle getting married . 
 the news had been splashed all over south carolina and beyond . 
 diplomats from around the country had congratulated them last night at the d.c. dinner party . 
 a marriage they 'd consummated , the scent and feel of him still lingering under her satin gown . 
 had it only been a few short hours ago they 'd left for washington , d.c. ? 
 good god , her world was blowing apart faster than she could gather up the pieces . 
 at least bianca seemed oblivious to all the changes that had gone on in their lives , which would give them a few precious hours to get their thoughts together before nina 's mother burst through the door . 
 `` i 'm not at home . 
 i 'm in hilton head-with nina . '' 
 she could n't even think about the upheaval this would cause for nina . 
 she 'd just been settling into the landis home and their new-more secure-life . 
 phoebe 's belly clenched . 
 `` hilton head ? '' 
 bianca asked . 
 `` what are you doing there ? '' 
 phoebe glanced at kyle beside her in the parked car inside the lighted garage . 
 how would bianca react to the news they 'd married ? 
 even more important , did n't bianca care what had happened to her child ? 
 of course not , or she would n't have simply disappeared . 
 `` i 'm taking care of nina . '' 
 `` oh , how 's the kiddo doing ? '' 
 the throwaway tone grated along phoebe 's already raw nerves . 
 it was obvious bianca was unharmed and had chosen to fall off the face of the earth . 
 phoebe resisted the urge to throw the phone as maternal anger mushroomed inside her . 
 `` nina 's fine . 
 since you left her with me last summer , she learned to roll over . 
 she 's almost sitting up on her own . '' 
 `` good , good . 
 thanks for babysitting . 
 do you have an extra key hidden around here somewhere ? 
 it 's not under the flowerpot like it used to be , and i really need a place to crash . '' 
 babysitting ? 
 babysitting ! 
 two months-nearly three months now-went way beyond some kind of nanny gig , especially with an infant . 
 `` i took the key with me when i left my apartment . '' 
 she 'd closed up the place but had kept paying rent . 
 she 'd planned on going back , but deep down she 'd always thought nina would be with her . 
 now nina had both her biological parents in the picture , which left little room for a babysitter . 
 `` uh , bianca , i 'm in hilton head with kyle landis . 
 when you did n't come back , i brought her here to her father . '' 
 she watched kyle 's jaw flex , his face stark and hard , anger darn near rolling off him in waves . 
 nina would have a fierce defender in her landis father . 
 silently phoebe sent up a prayer of thanks that she could count on him now . 
 `` he 's back from afghanistan ? '' 
 bianca 's voice breezed from the phone . 
 `` wow , cool , i was planning to get in touch with him . '' 
 how could she be so blase about letting kyle know about his daughter ? 
 would nina have ever had the chance to know this big and wonderful family if bianca had n't told phoebe ? 
 he gestured for her to keep talking . 
 phoebe swallowed down the wad of fear clogging her throat . 
 `` well , you can come to hilton head and talk to him in person . '' 
 `` he 's probably mad , is n't he ? '' 
 bianca asked , hesitancy tingeing her voice for the first time . 
 `` could you just bring nina back here ? '' 
 phoebe 's patience snapped . 
 if bianca thought she could steamroll over her old , quiet friend , she was in for a rude awakening . 
 `` i ca n't do that , bianca . 
 you abandoned your daughter . 
 kyle has temporary custody . '' 
 `` phoebe , '' bianca gasped , `` what in the hell have you done ? '' 
 `` you did n't leave me any choice when you walked out on your child . '' 
 `` fine , i 'm getting a hotel for tonight . 
 i 'll meet you in hilton head tomorrow . '' 
 it was less than three hours ' drive . 
 nothing would have stopped phoebe if it were her child , and oh , god , she could lose nina now . 
 `` call when you get close to town and i 'll give you directions to the house . '' 
 bianca hung up without another word . 
 phoebe stared at the phone in her hand , a chill settling all the way to her bones . 
 her teeth started chattering . 
 vaguely , she heard kyle speaking to her , offering up soothing words about how everything would be okay . 
 but she could n't think of anything but checking on nina . 
 phoebe tossed aside her phone and bolted from the car . 
 bunching her dress up , she raced into the house , up the stairs , not stopping until she reached nina 's nursery . 
 the crib was empty . 
 kyle heard phoebe 's scream . 
 he sprinted into the nursery and found her clutching a baby quilt to her chest as she stood by the crib . 
 `` where 's nina ? '' 
 panic lit her eyes as she looked frantically around the nursery . 
 `` you said she would be taken care of . 
 i should n't have left her for even a second . 
 oh , god , do you think bianca lied and she 's already taken her ? '' 
 kyle cupped her shoulders . 
 `` calm down , it 's okay . 
 nina is in the main nursery . 
 the sitter put her there and went to sleep on the daybed . 
 nina has n't been alone for even a second since we left . '' 
 phoebe sagged with relief . 
 he pulled her to his chest , understanding her fear and vowing for her-for nina-he would n't let anyone harm one hair on their heads . 
 she shuddered against him , and it ripped him up inside to see his normally cool wife fall apart . 
 with a final trembling sigh , she straightened . 
 he only had a second to register her damp eyes before she charged out and into the hall . 
 her high heels clicked along the hardwood floors as kyle followed her to the green nursery his mother kept for all her grandchildren . 
 phoebe cracked the door open slowly-warily ? 
 - and peered inside . 
 she slumped against the door frame , her eyes closing , releasing two fat tears . 
 `` thank god . '' 
 kyle stopped behind her and peered through the door at the baby fast asleep in the spindled crib . 
 his daughter . 
 he allowed himself a selfish moment to just stare at nina and reassure himself she was okay , she would be okay . 
 he memorized her features , a face he should have studied more fully before now . 
 she had the landis chin and hair . 
 if she were awake , he would be staring at his own eyes . 
 but beyond that , he knew she liked her feet uncovered and she giggled when he waved her favorite panda-bear teething toy in front of her face . 
 it was so damn little to know . 
 he should know more . 
 he would know more . 
 he would n't be that part-time parent jetting off for months only to find out his child had met a milestone while he was gone . 
 he had options , damn it . 
 she was his daughter . 
 he loved her . 
 and in the morning , he could lose her to a woman who did n't think anything of disappearing for nearly three months . 
 he 'd never known this kind of fear before , not even when he 'd been shot down in afghanistan . 
 the full impact of that crushed his chest until he damn near could n't breathe . 
 he could n't even imagine what kind of hell phoebe must be feeling . 
 his wife had loved this little girl for months . 
 he started to reach for phoebe , but she stepped deeper into the room . 
 she quietly called out to the sitter , gently waking her , smiling her thanks and telling her she was free to go to the guest room across the hall . 
 once the sitter bustled past him and into the other room , phoebe curled up in the corner of the daybed as she 'd done her first night here . 
 watching her distance herself from him , kyle realized he was n't just in danger of losing his daughter , he could also lose his wife . 
 `` i 'm here to pick up my daughter . '' 
 bianca strode into the foyer of the landis mansion , flicking her wavy red hair over her shoulder with a gesture phoebe recognized as calculated to catch male eyes . 
 it usually worked . 
 at least today , kyle seemed oblivious to bianca 's dubious charms , currently encased in skinny jeans and a lime-green tank top . 
 his barely banked anger steamed behind his eyes . 
 nina did n't seem to notice the tension , however , as she patted him on the face with her panda-bear teether clutched in her chubby fist . 
 even as tense as things were between her and kyle , phoebe was relieved to have his support in this standoff with bianca . 
 he 'd called the rest of his family this morning and they would all return within hours . 
 kyle palmed phoebe 's back . 
 `` let 's all step into the living room and talk . 
 there 's a lot to go over from the past few months . '' 
 bianca eyed the wide-open entryway , her deeply tanned fingers gliding over a blue-and-white faberge egg by a crystal vase of lilacs . 
 she strolled deeper into the living room . 
 a wall of windows let sunshine stream through and bathe the room in light all the way up to the cathedral ceilings . 
 hardwood floors were scattered with light persian rugs around two queen anne sofas upholstered in a pale blue fabric with white piping . 
 wingback chairs in a creamy yellow angled off the side . 
 the whole decor was undoubtedly formal , but in an airy , comfortable way . 
 phoebe feared bianca was seeing dollar signs . 
 but if she 'd only wanted money , would n't she have come to kyle right away ? 
 bianca spun on her spiky green high heel and extended her arms . 
 `` my baby . '' 
 she gripped nina so firmly phoebe had no choice but to let go . 
 `` are n't you beautiful , and so big ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' kyle muttered , `` they grow . 
 as a matter of fact , they grow a lot if you do n't see them for nearly three months . '' 
 phoebe rested a hand on his arm , wary of angering bianca , especially when they did n't have a clue what she had in mind . 
 `` where have you been ? 
 do you realize how worried we 've been ? '' 
 `` were you worried about me , or did you just care because of nina ? '' 
 lifting an eyebrow , she hitched the baby on her hip awkwardly . 
 nina squirmed and threw her panda-bear plastic teether on the floor . 
 `` it does n't matter now . 
 i 'm back and ready to see my girl . '' 
 kyle stood , feet braced , in the archway between the living room and foyer as if blocking any chance of escape . 
 `` you fell off the face of the earth so completely we thought you might be dead . 
 you still have n't told us where you were . '' 
 `` sorry about that . 
 i went to the islands with this important director . 
 he said he had a part for me . '' 
 bianca pried nina 's fingers off her giant gold-hoop earrings . 
 `` he lied , the scum , but i got a vacation out of it . 
 mothers need vacations . 
 i 'm all rested now and ready to snuggle with my little girl . '' 
 phoebe resisted the urge to grab nina and run . 
 `` you ca n't just abandon nina for months and think i 'll trust you to take care of her . '' 
 bianca looked back and forth between kyle and phoebe standing close together . 
 `` ah , i see how it is . '' 
 she jostled nina uncomfortably as the baby tried to climb down . 
 `` you 've got kyle now and if you lose the kid , you lose him . 
 he 's quite a catch . 
 i can see how you would n't want to give all that up . '' 
 phoebe bit back the impulse to snap at bianca . 
 kyle was more than some `` catch . '' 
 he was about so much more than his bank balance . 
 he was an honorable man who cared about his family , took his responsibilities seriously and even appreciated the simple beauty of beachside rides in an open-air car . 
 kyle scooped up nina 's plastic teething toy from the floor and lifted nina from bianca 's awkward hold . 
 `` phoebe and i are married . '' 
 bianca blinked fast , speechless for once . 
 his daughter secured against his chest , kyle waved the tiny panda bear in front of nina 's face , soothing her into precious baby giggles . 
 `` she came to tell me about nina , and we found we had a connection . '' 
 `` you expect me to believe you two fell in love ? 
 you 're kidding , right ? 
 phoebe 's totally locked in the past with roger . '' 
 her painted lips curved with a hint of condescension as she turned to phoebe . 
 `` and let 's be honest , girlfriend , you 're not exactly kyle 's type . '' 
 phoebe rocked back a step at the blatant cruelty of her so-called friend 's words . 
 she 'd maintained the friendship with bianca because she was outgoing and vivacious , a force that had pulled phoebe out into the world when she 'd felt isolated by grief . 
 and yes , maybe she 'd had blinders on where bianca was concerned because she 'd been part of happier times in phoebe 's life . 
 but the blinders were off now . 
 bianca winked . 
 `` maybe you can get something in the divorce settlement . 
 you married him to help his daughter , after all . 
 what ? '' 
 she blinked with overplayed innocence . 
 `` that 's why you married him , is n't it ? 
 it 's not like the two of you knew each other . '' 
 a brief flash of anger iced kyle 's eyes before he smoothed his features into a neutral mask . 
 phoebe admired his calm , his skill in putting feelings in the background to remain focused on solving the problem . 
 she could see well what had made him such an effective warrior . 
 kyle 's gaze pinpointed on bianca . 
 `` what do you really want ? '' 
 `` my baby . '' 
 cold fear sprinkled goose bumps over phoebe 's arms . 
 `` the courts have given kyle temporary custody . 
 you left her . 
 we 'll need to go back to court to settle that . '' 
 `` that 's really upsetting . '' 
 her look went calculating . 
 `` you actually care about her already ? 
 she is a pretty kid . '' 
 her worst nightmare was unfolding . 
 again , she was losing someone she loved , and while she tried to console herself that at least nina was alive , phoebe still could n't erase an image of the baby crying out for her at night and wondering ... the pain went deeper than tears . 
 bianca , however , blinked big , fat tears down her face . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 i 've been so stupid , but i really thought i could make a better life for nina . 
 i 'm not good enough for her , not like you and your family . '' 
 was bianca acting or had phoebe grown more cynical ? 
 if only she did n't know what a damn fine actress bianca could be . 
 had she been using those acting skills on phoebe all this time , too ? 
 had the entire friendship been a lie ? 
 perhaps kyle was right that she 'd clung to bianca out of a need to hang on to the past with roger . 
 she 'd allowed herself to be blinded . 
 phoebe gathered her shaky poise . 
 `` where are your bags ? 
 i 'll show you to your room . '' 
 bianca shook her finger . 
 `` no , no , no . 
 i 'm not staying here under your judgmental eyes , with you recording every misstep i make . 
 i 'm staying in a hotel and kyle 's paying . '' 
 she passed kyle a card . 
 `` here 's the number so you can call with the specifics . '' 
 she hitched her bag higher on her shoulder and twitched toward the door . 
 the closing door echoed in the silence . 
 swaying , phoebe could have sworn all her bravado melted from her . 
 she grabbed the wingback chair behind her and sat heavily . 
 kyle paced around the living room with nina , still waving her panda toy in front of her face . 
 `` phoebe , i do n't want you to worry . 
 we 'll play this out in the legal system . 
 the judge is n't going to reverse the custody arrangement on a whim , and i doubt bianca has the staying power to hold out long-term . '' 
 phoebe was n't so sure . 
 the cynic inside shouted bianca was ready to dig her spiked heels in deep . 
 but she let kyle continue to spell out his plans , realizing that taking charge seemed to keep him calm . 
 she watched him stride back and forth across the room , nina cradled confidently against his chest . 
 when had he grown so comfortable with her ? 
 there was no mistaking the connection as nina stared up at him with adoring blue landis eyes . 
 he waved her favorite panda-toy teether in front of her face , joggling the beads in the panda 's clear belly around in a gumball-like display . 
 nina loved that toy . 
 and phoebe could n't deny the truth any longer . 
 she 'd fallen in love with kyle . 
 ten he 'd never felt so out of control.an hour after completing their meeting with the judge , kyle clenched the steering wheel , driving the mercedes along the dark shoreline with phoebe beside him . 
 the car seat in the back was empty . 
 the judge had awarded bianca one-night-a-week temporary visitation with nina , starting today . 
 the judge had given them the next month to gather information or work out an agreement before he revisited the case . 
 thank god for sebastian 's artful negotiations or things might have played out so much worse . 
 he 'd managed to wedge in a provision . 
 kyle would pay bianca 's expenses and hire a nanny to stay with bianca and nina during the twenty-four-hour visitations . 
 at least they had the reassurance the baby would be cared for , and bianca could n't skip town with nina . 
 they 'd all stayed at the courthouse until arrangements had been made with the sitter they 'd used during their d.c. trip . 
 he 'd done everything possible for now . 
 and still , it did n't quiet the roaring inside him . 
 the sun sank as hard and fast as his gut . 
 what if they still lost nina ? 
 the love he felt for his daughter slammed through him all the more once he had to watch bianca walk away with his little girl . 
 seeing the devastated expression on phoebe 's pale face at the loss had only hammered home his failure . 
 his headlights swept around the next curve , sharper than he 'd expected , and he forced himself to slow down . 
 he would n't be any good to nina or phoebe if he totaled the car . 
 his hands shook so hard he decided to pull off the deserted road until he regained control of the fears broadsiding him . 
 kyle guided the sedan onto a secluded parking area sandwiched between dunes with towering sea oats . 
 the wind tore in off the ocean , bits of spray pinging on the windshield . 
 his hands fisted against his knees , tighter , tighter again as if he could somehow hold back the swelling frustration inside him . 
 muscles tensed and bunched up his arm until he slammed his fist against the dashboard with a curse . 
 he welcomed the bolt of pain that shot up his arm . 
 he considered giving the leather a second go ... until he saw the tears streaking down phoebe 's face . 
 ah , hell . 
 those tears hurt him far more than if he 'd broken his hand . 
 `` i 'm sorry , phoebe , so damn sorry . '' 
 sorry for more things than he could even put into words right now . 
 he gathered her against his chest , and she did n't even protest , just sagged against him . 
 a choking sob caught in her throat . 
 she gripped his suit coat until her fingers dug into his shoulders , the same fears and frenzy radiating from her that he felt inside himself . 
 he thumbed away two tears streaking down her cheek , rested his head against her brow , murmuring whatever consoling words he could scavenge out of his own stark arsenal . 
 phoebe burrowed closer , turning her face toward his caress , toward him . 
 `` touch me , '' she whispered , her voice hoarse and agonized , `` hold me , make the emptiness go away . '' 
 kyle stilled . 
 she could n't possibly be suggesting they ... but then she pressed a kiss into his palm , her lips moving against him as she spoke , `` i ca n't stand one more moment thinking about what happened . 
 i need you to give me something else , something wonderful , to think about . '' 
 all his frustration gathered force with a purpose-giving phoebe the distraction , the outlet , even a momentary relief from the pain . 
 he guided her face up to his . 
 their mouths brushed . 
 held . 
 phoebe 's fists unfurled from his suit coat and her fingers crawled across his back to clamp him closer . 
 passion exploded inside him , feeding off all the frustrated emotions that had stockpiled within him since bianca 's out-of-the-blue call . 
 hell , since phoebe had shut him down after sex in the airplane . 
 kyle slid his hands up to cup her face , to fit their lips more surely against each other , to deepen the kiss and contact and connection . 
 all the frenzy of the day channeled into the moment , seeking an outlet . 
 he grazed his fingers down her back to cradle her hips , guiding her onto his lap the way he 'd fantasized about doing when they 'd made out by the shore in the aston . 
 but , where that night had been about seduction , this moment was about release . 
 she slid over his legs , her pink-cotton wraparound dress bunching up around her hips . 
 the fabric parted along the side at the wrap , exposing her rose-colored panties . 
 he slipped his fingers along both hips , twisting the silky fabric until the underwear ... snapped . 
 he brushed aside the scraps until she pressed against him , moist and hot . 
 she sprinkled desperate kisses along his mouth , his jaw , nipping and tempting with her tongue and teeth . 
 the last rays of sun faded . 
 the dusk of night sealing them in darkness , heightening his other senses as he inhaled her vanilla scent mixed with the musk of sexy want . 
 her panting breath synced up with his . 
 phoebe tore at his belt , making fast work of his fly and freeing him from his boxers . 
 she stroked him , already throbbing and hard in her hand . 
 the touch of her cool fingers spiked his need . 
 he clenched his teeth , scavenging for bits of his shredded control long enough to fish his wallet from his back pocket . 
 his eyes adjusting to the dark , he plucked out a condom . 
 she rocked her h * ps against him , her body bare and welcoming . 
 his jaw flexed , his throat moving in a slow swallow as his lashes went heavy for an instant and he fought the urge to close his eyes . 
 he tore open the packet . 
 `` wait . '' 
 `` no patience tonight . '' 
 she snatched the birth control from his hand . 
 `` i agree . '' 
 `` now shh ... '' she rolled the condom along the length of him , urgently , efficiently . 
 phoebe straddled his lap , kneeling over him as she positioned herself . 
 he cupped her buttocks and guided her down on him until they sat together , connected . 
 cradling her in his palms , he thrust and she writhed and they moved in tandem , knowing each other 's bodies and needs better this time . 
 she squeezed her arms tighter around him , echoing the clasp inside as well that urged him closer and closer to completion as surely as her breathy moans and sighs and demands for more , harder , faster . 
 now . 
 wind rolled in off the ocean , carrying salt and sea spray through the vents . 
 their mating was raw and sweaty and intensely consuming . 
 it went beyond sex . 
 it was different being with phoebe , and that scared the crap out of him , because if she left , nothing would be the same , nothing would be as good . 
 her moans grew louder , louder till the sound of pleasure filled the car . 
 she clawed at his shoulders , anchoring herself deeper as he watched the shadows play across her face , watched her come apart . 
 her br ** sts thrust forward with the powerful arch of her spine again and again , her neck exposed in a graceful arch . 
 he felt the damp strength of her release . 
 she contracted around him , massaging him ... over ... the edge . 
 his head dropped against the seat rest . 
 he rode the surging release rolling in wave after wave of expanding explosions . 
 he was n't even sure anymore if the roaring in his ears came from the ocean or his own body . 
 he combed his fingers through her hair , her face tucked against his neck . 
 they had n't solved anything out here by the ocean , but at least she was n't crying anymore . 
 he dropped his chin to rest against her head . 
 damn it all to hell , what a time to understand her powerful connection to her dead husband . 
 because right now , kyle knew he would find a way to make her love him , no matter how long it took . 
 phoebe had to do something , anything . 
 the pure helplessness of waiting to see nina home again safe and sound was eating her alive . 
 sitting cross-legged on her bed , she clicked through the keys on her laptop computer , surfing the internet for anything she could find on child-custody battles . 
 she needed to arm herself with as much knowledge as possible . 
 kyle , too , had his laptop out , but he 'd set up on the patio outside her suite . 
 only a few more hours and they would pick up nina . 
 neither of them had strayed far from nina 's room . 
 did he feel closer to their daughter here , too ? 
 she could n't even hazard a guess . 
 since they 'd made such frantic love in his car , kyle had completely shut down . 
 he 'd spent most of the night working at his computer , even after his family had returned . 
 he 'd surprised her when he 'd climbed in bed with her at about two in the morning , making slower , more thorough love to her with his body , his mouth , his words , but said nothing about his own needs or pain . 
 but being with him had n't distracted her from worrying about nina as much as it had rocked her to the core . 
 she 'd felt kyle 's hurt for his daughter , the raw edge to his lovemaking . 
 that shared connection had dissolved her defenses against him , leaving her open and so much more vulnerable than she 'd ever imagined . 
 then she 'd woken alone . 
 gazing across the room to the open balcony door , she found him on the porch back at his computer . 
 he 'd pulled away again , and she did n't know why . 
 she could understand his frustration over losing full custody of his daughter , fears of the next judge 's hearing upsetting nina 's world even more . 
 but his retreat seemed motivated by more than that , since it had only grown deeper after they had made love . 
 she swung her feet to the floor and padded across to watch him through the open french doors . 
 a light breeze fluttered the whispery curtain and lifted her hair , the air muggy after the night of rain . 
 what would kyle do if she walked up behind him and massaged the tension out of those braced shoulders of his ? 
 maybe it was worth the risk to find out . 
 she stepped outside only to pull up short when she saw the deep furrows in his brow . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` take a look at this . '' 
 he turned his laptop screen toward her , displaying an image of bianca at a beach party , dancing between two men , an umbrella drink held over her head . 
 `` does that seem like bianca was working to make a better life for her child ? 
 check out the time stamp . '' 
 less than a week ago . 
 `` there are more . 
 lots more . 
 and not just drinking , but drugs and even a sex tape that , uh ... '' he pinched the bridge of his nose , shaking his head . 
 he clicked the drop-down menu to save the latest internet site , his jaw flexing but his eyes still flat and emotionless . 
 `` it appears she did n't spend much time wasting away missing her child . '' 
 the crowded party and cabana sure looked like it provided phone service , yet she 'd never bothered to call . 
 phoebe pulled out a chair and sank down beside him . 
 `` why did n't the private investigator find these ? '' 
 `` most of them are from the past week . 
 and i have some , uh , skills from my military intel days . '' 
 his fists clenched on the table , his wedding band glinting in the high-noon sun . 
 `` damn it all , i should have been doing this myself from the start . '' 
 `` you 've been doing everything you could to take care of nina from the first moment you met her . '' 
 she slid her hand over his fist . 
 `` this is scary stuff . 
 thank goodness you found it now . '' 
 he slipped his hand from under hers and clicked through more computer commands . 
 `` i need to do more . 
 time 's running out . '' 
 `` when do you leave to start your new job ? '' 
 it seemed he 'd already left emotionally now . 
 the fragile common ground they 'd just begun to share seemed to be slipping away as surely as the cresting waves pulled sand from the shore . 
 `` i 've pushed back all my meetings until we get things settled with bianca . 
 i meant that time is running out for nina . '' 
 `` what if it takes a while to settle the custody issue ? '' 
 a frightening possibility they both needed to face . 
 `` it wo n't , '' he said curtly . 
 `` i wo n't let it . '' 
 she touched his wrist , trying again to break through the icy exterior that only cracked during sex . 
 `` some things are beyond even the control of a mighty landis . '' 
 `` the great thing about being a landis is that we 're all equally as determined . 
 i have a wealth of support when it comes to being there for nina . '' 
 `` when it comes to your daughter , there 's no replacement for you . '' 
 he turned suddenly-haunted eyes on her . 
 `` you think i do n't know that ? 
 i 've already told the family i 'm not taking the job heading up landis international . 
 i have options , and i intend to make the most of them . '' 
 she was stunned at this abrupt shift in his life plan . 
 `` but surely you can just postpone it . 
 you wo n't be happy nailed down to one place , you 've said so yourself . 
 there has to be a better compromise . 
 let 's talk this out . '' 
 `` there 's nothing to discuss . '' 
 she leaned closer , refusing to let him push her away . 
 she 'd fought for nina and she would fight just as hard for him . 
 `` kyle , damn it , you 're the one who keeps preaching to me about not shutting down , about coming back to life . '' 
 something smoked through his eyes and for a moment she thought she might have truly gotten through to him . 
 then his beautiful blue eyes iced over again . 
 he shoved his seat away , iron grating across stone tiles . 
 `` this is n't about me . 
 we 're in the middle of a custody battle . 
 unless we work together , presenting a unified front in our marriage long-term , we could well lose nina for good . '' 
 he closed his laptop and stood . 
 `` we should get moving so we 're not late picking up nina . '' 
 he left her sitting on the porch alone and confused . 
 as she sat , stunned at the loss of lighthearted kyle with his bolstering one-sided smiles , his words trickled through , about staying a married couple long-term . 
 finally he 'd committed to staying together , yet she 'd never felt farther apart from him . 
 eleven sitting in an antique rocker in the living room , phoebe cradled nina in her arms even though the baby had gone to sleep at least fifteen minutes ago . 
 she had n't been able to let her out of her sight since they 'd picked her up yesterday . 
 the room was silent but for the rustling of her mother-in-law at the coffee table , pulling thanksgiving decorations from a plastic storage bin.phoebe could n't help but be warmed by the lack of pretension in such a powerful world figure . 
 wearing a lightweight orange sweater set-and blue jeans-ginger landis renshaw could have been any other grandmother preparing for the holidays with her family . 
 what would it have been like to have such a woman to turn to after roger had died ? 
 or when she 'd been wrestling with what to do after bianca had disappeared ? 
 kyle was sequestered with his brother . 
 maybe he would find some comfort and reason there since sebastian would understand the pain after having lost his adopted daughter . 
 heaven knew kyle still was n't listening to her . 
 his emotional retreat from her stung more than she could have ever imagined a few weeks ago . 
 how had she opened herself to so much pain again ? 
 phoebe rested her cheek against nina 's head and inhaled the sweet scent of baby shampoo , watching her mother-in-law lift out a brass cornucopia . 
 `` that 's a beautiful piece . '' 
 ginger glanced over her shoulder with a smile before placing the horn of plenty on the mantel . 
 `` it belonged to my first husband 's grandmother . 
 she loved the holidays . 
 she also gave me the most exquisite family nativity , a magnificent collector 's piece . 
 it 's in a museum now , but i had a replica made for my grandchildren to enjoy . '' 
 `` how lovely to have such long-living traditions in your family . '' 
 she glanced down at the wedding ring kyle had placed on her finger , over the spot that had once worn roger 's simpler gold band . 
 `` forgive me if this is too personal , but did your husband-the general-ever have a problem being reminded of your first marriage ? '' 
 ginger turned slowly and leaned back against the cool hearth . 
 `` hank and i have been friends for years , back when we were both married to other people . 
 i helped him with his children after his wife died . 
 he helped me after i lost benjamin . 
 this love we 've found came later and certainly surprised us both , pleasantly so . '' 
 `` no jealousy then ? '' 
 `` none . 
 that does n't mean we got over losing a spouse quickly . 
 when i say it took us a long time to find each other , i mean a very long time . 
 years . 
 yet here we are , blending our nativity scenes and families . '' 
 she patted nina 's diapered bottom . 
 `` i look forward to setting up the creche with my granddaughter someday . '' 
 `` make sure you take pictures , lots and lots of them . '' 
 in case phoebe was n't a part of her day-to-day life anymore . 
 regardless of kyle 's talk of working together , she did n't have faith in the long-term hope for their relationship . 
 `` i have photos in the album of my boys setting up the nativity with their grandmother . 
 in fact ... '' she leaned into the container , sifting through padded ornament holders . 
 `` i believe the replica ended up in here with the thanksgiving decorations . '' 
 ginger straightened , holding a velvet bag in her hands . 
 `` here we go . '' 
 she sat on the edge of the sofa and began withdrawing the wrapped pieces . 
 `` matthew and kyle used to argue every year over where to put the wise men . 
 matthew is such a traditionalist like his father . 
 he wanted them right there in the manger . 
 kyle , however , pointed out that the wise men really did n't show up until two years later , so they should be positioned somewhere outside the manger . '' 
 phoebe rocked nina , eyeing the trio of porcelain figures and envisioning a young kyle dreaming of the wise men 's world travels . 
 the reproduction of the antique creche still looked vintage , with an old world style to the rich-hued paints . 
 ginger cupped a camel in her hand . 
 `` every year , my little smart-aleck son would cradle those three porcelain antiques and shake his head , saying , ` two years , for pete 's sake . 
 that makes 'em the three wise slackers , if you ask me . ' '' 
 `` that certainly sounds like kyle . '' 
 at least the kyle she 'd known a week ago . 
 would nina have his sense of humor , as well as his smile ? 
 would they see that humor again ? 
 ginger placed the camel behind the three kings . 
 `` he always has joked to cover when he 's uncomfortable with emotions . 
 his father being gone so much bothered him deeply , but kyle always shrugged it off as if it did n't matter . '' 
 could he be shutting down as a different defense mechanism against uncomfortable-hell , painful-emotions ? 
 he was all action , without a doubt , and she 'd learned long ago men sometimes overcompensate with actions at the expense of words and feelings . 
 `` kyle turned down the job with landis international . '' 
 ginger did n't look up , just continued to arrange the figures on the coffee table even though it was weeks too early for christmas decorations . 
 `` i was disappointed to hear that . 
 i take it he seems to think he ca n't be a good father and travel the way he wants . '' 
 `` he even hinted that leaving would be the same as what bianca did . '' 
 she thought back to the time she 'd expressed her fears about attachment disorder and how that must have fueled kyle 's concerns . 
 `` have you ever talked with kyle about this ? 
 maybe he 'll listen to you . '' 
 laughing lightly , her mother-in-law shook her head . 
 `` if i 've learned anything in all my years parenting and in politics , it 's that you ca n't tell people anything and have them accept it as truth . 
 they have to come to the conclusion on their own . '' 
 `` but you told me . '' 
 `` you were almost there on your own and you already had all the pieces in place . '' 
 phoebe tried to understand where ginger was going with her trip down memory lane , but the way she saw it , things looked so damn bleak . 
 `` are you telling me this so i can give up on kyle ? '' 
 ginger leaned back on the sofa , her blue eyes wise but kind . 
 `` i 'm helping you so you can show him the pieces he needs to put it together . '' 
 she gave the camel a final nudge so it lined up alongside the magi . 
 `` it may take a while , even a long while , but do n't give up . 
 some people see the pieces differently , but as long as you 're both talking about how to work it out , you 'll find the answers that are just right for you . '' 
 phoebe looked at the porcelain set resting on the coffee table . 
 she could almost see the four landis siblings taking turns arranging the figurines , the brothers so alike in looks , but different in many ways now that she knew them better . 
 and what about her ? 
 how would she have displayed the scene ? 
 no matter how many times she jostled it around in her head , she could n't recreate what she 'd put together before . 
 her mind kept envisioning things differently , from the perspective of a mother , with kyle 's quirky , slacker wise men off to the side . 
 slowly her vision cleared and the image of how her life should be came together again , differently than before , with roger , but no less wonderful . 
 she wanted a future with kyle , a unique life together that they built , not some attempt to recreate the past . 
 something was going on with kyle , but not for a moment did she believe he did n't care . 
 the time had come to truly take command of her life and be the wife and partner kyle deserved . 
 kyle sensed a new determination in phoebe as they sat around the table in the courthouse mediation room to discuss the first round of custody specifics with bianca . 
 kyle had buried himself in paperwork in the hopes that he could make this right . 
 he 'd vowed he would do anything to make phoebe happy and look toward the future rather than the past . 
 keeping nina absolutely topped the list of securing everyone 's happiness . 
 after they 'd crossed that hurdle , he would do everything in his power to be the best husband and father possible-even if that meant nailing his ass to a desk in hilton head . 
 he just hoped the evidence they 'd found about how bianca had spent the past months would turn the tide in their favor . 
 so much depended on the judge 's final verdict , and sebastian had told him that could swing either way . 
 still phoebe sat next to him exuding quiet confidence , her chin high and shoulders square . 
 bianca huffed a ragged strand of hair off her brow , thumbing through the stack of documents in front of her . 
 `` this is all so complicated and official . '' 
 phoebe leaned closer to bianca . 
 `` you have to understand we only want to keep nina safe . '' 
 `` that 's what i want , too , '' bianca rushed to answer . 
 `` i just want to play with her . '' 
 kyle started to reach for the file of damning photos . 
 phoebe placed a hand on his arm . 
 `` wait a moment . '' 
 she leaned on her elbow . 
 `` bianca , do you truly want custody of nina ? '' 
 the confidential tone in her voice was soft . 
 non-accusatory . 
 and completely caught him off guard . 
 what the hell was she doing ? 
 even ever-stoic sebastian tensed in the leather seat . 
 bianca scratched mascara from the corner of her eye , her gaze darting around nervously . 
 `` what kind of mother does n't want custody ? 
 even you want her and you 're not her mom . '' 
 `` no one here is judging you , bianca , '' phoebe continued with admirable calm . 
 `` we all want what 's best for nina and best for all of us , including you . 
 why not let go of who you think you should be . 
 be who you are and let 's work from there . '' 
 kyle 's neck started to itch . 
 phoebe had said much the same thing to him when he 'd told her about turning down the job with landis international . 
 phoebe reached across the table to nina 's biological mother with an openness kyle did n't think he could have scavenged . 
 `` bianca , '' she pressed gently . 
 `` what 's really going on ? '' 
 bottom lip quivering , bianca squeezed phoebe 's hand . 
 `` you 're going to think i 'm an awful person . 
 all of you . '' 
 she looked around the table . 
 `` nina 's sweet and i do want to see her . 
 but i want to be an actress . 
 that 's all i 've ever wanted . '' 
 she blurted , `` i need money . '' 
 sebastian 's eyes narrowed . 
 anger gelled inside kyle as what he 'd feared and expected played out . 
 `` you want a payoff . '' 
 phoebe touched his leg lightly under the mahogany table , patting his knee reassuringly to quiet the storm brewing inside him . 
 `` no , no . '' 
 bianca raised both her hands defensively , her long , manicured nails reflecting the halogen bulbs overhead . 
 `` i 'm not bribing you . 
 i would n't do that . 
 i may have flaws , but i would never sell my baby . 
 i just want a decent shot at being an actress . 
 i 've got an audition in bollywood and i ca n't afford the plane ticket . 
 all i want is a plane ticket . '' 
 bollywood ? 
 in india ? 
 kyle stared at her in shock . 
 she was already making plans to jet ? 
 to leave their daughter all over again ? 
 but on the plus side , all she wanted was a damn plane ticket . 
 less than a thousand dollars . 
 if bianca was interested in bribing them , she would have asked for a hell of a lot more than that . 
 bianca twisted her hands in front of her , a blur of fuchsia nails and silver rings . 
 `` i realize you 're pissed because i did n't tell you about nina , but i knew if i came to you , you would get all wrapped up in making a family . 
 i mean , god , all you talk about is family , family , family . '' 
 she glanced up quickly . 
 `` no offense meant to any of you . '' 
 sebastian smiled , one-sided . 
 `` none taken . '' 
 `` anyway , i did n't know what to do and phoebe 's so smart and logical , i knew she could take care of everything . 
 i 'm not like her . 
 i 'm not cut out to be a full-time mom , no matter how much i love the little cutie . '' 
 kyle vaguely registered his wife murmuring something about how glad she was to take care of nina , furthering his sense that phoebe undoubtedly had bianca 's number . 
 had bianca even somehow set this whole thing up , arranging circumstances so phoebe would come to him ? 
 kyle could n't go quite that far , but he could see he had sure sized this up way wrong from the minute bianca had walked into the landis home . 
 sebastian began speaking with bianca in his best soft and reasonable lawyer tones , explaining the ins and outs of what it meant to sign away her parental rights . 
 but kyle was focused on phoebe , who had somehow seen a way through this tangle and found a way to unknot the threads and restore order . 
 from her quietly outrageous idea to get married , to seeing through bianca 's bad-girl exterior to the more complex-albeit still selfish-person inside . 
 he had n't needed to blast forward with his background search on bianca and level the field in a manner that would set bad blood between them for the rest of nina 's life . 
 what more had he missed from phoebe with his charge-ahead attitude that apparently kept him from slowing down long enough to pick up on important nuances ? 
 he did n't know yet . 
 but he looked forward to finding out one day at a time . 
 days and weeks and years of building a life and getting better as he learned more about her . 
 starting today by telling his wife the most important detail , a detail his charge-ahead brain had wrongly plowed right over as insignificant . 
 once he got phoebe alone , he intended to make sure that she heard , believed and never forgot . 
 he loved her . 
 phoebe closed the door to nina 's nursery , kyle behind her . 
 she still could n't believe they 'd stumbled on bianca 's real agenda and it had been so easy to address . 
 although now that she thought back , it made total sense . 
 if bianca had been after money , nothing could have stopped her from getting through to the landis family . 
 they should have realized that from the start . 
 the talk with ginger had helped her trust her instincts . 
 bianca had seen the pieces differently than phoebe would have ever guessed . 
 phoebe leaned on the wraparound balcony , tipping her face into the sea breeze . 
 kyle pulled up alongside her , his leg pressed against hers intimately . 
 where would they go from here ? 
 more passionate sex that turned her inside out ... only to find herself alone afterward ? 
 no , damn it , she 'd learned . 
 no more hiding in her dusty academic world . 
 she would fight for herself , for this marriage , as firmly as she 'd fought for nina . 
 even if it took time . 
 she turned to face him , leaning an elbow on the railing . 
 `` bianca surprised me today . 
 she grew up . 
 i 'm relieved for nina . '' 
 the cool breeze seemed to soothe the hot frustration of the last few weeks , easing the ache inside her . 
 she just wished she could share some of that peace with kyle . 
 `` we accomplished what we set out to do . '' 
 his voice wrapped around her with the same warmth it had that first night at his homecoming party . 
 was it her imagination , or was there a hint of the old kyle in his tone ? 
 she peered over at his strong profile as he looked out at the water . 
 `` we accomplished it with a solution that 's outside the box . '' 
 just like she hoped he would find for himself . 
 like she hoped he might see for their future . 
 `` you fought for us , for both of us , and i love you for that . '' 
 `` if we keep thinking outside - '' the word stuck on her tongue as her thoughts rewound and her heart picked up speed . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 that strong , handsome profile of his turned until he looked full-on into her eyes . 
 `` i said i love you . '' 
 her jaw went slack . 
 she 'd been expecting to dig in for a long haul , work to build a relationship that would lead to love , the way ginger had found her second chance with her longtime friend . 
 there were still so many pieces left to move . 
 `` kyle , are you sure ? 
 wait , of course you 're sure . 
 you pride yourself on always being honest . '' 
 her head began spinning as fast as her heartbeat . 
 `` you were right that i was hanging on to the past . 
 i was looking to recreate that , which is impossible . 
 that was a unique love , just as my love for you is unique . 
 by expecting this to be like the past , i almost missed how absolutely awesome the present could be . '' 
 kyle frowned . 
 his hands landed on her shoulders , steadying her . 
 `` wait . 
 back up a second . 
 did you just say you love me , too ? '' 
 oh , she had . 
 and why had n't she thought to say that straight away to him ? 
 `` yes . '' 
 she looped her arms around his neck , the truth of that simple fact shining through . 
 `` i am totally and completely in love with you . 
 i know it 's only been a few weeks . 
 i 'm the one who said things take time . '' 
 `` i seem to recall you shouted it in the aston . '' 
 that gorgeous , lopsided grin of his returned , making her knees ridiculously weak . 
 `` i did , did n't i ? '' 
 ah , but she would need that stubbornness to go toe-to-toe with her hardheaded landis man . 
 `` my point is , i do love you . 
 it came on me differently this time , but i know just as surely that this is real . '' 
 `` phoebe ? 
 quiet , my love . '' 
 his love ? 
 she would never grow tired of hearing that . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i should have realized sooner what was happening between us . 
 god knows , you 've rocked me more in a million ways than anyone has before from the first time i saw you , to the first time i kissed you , made love to you . 
 something about the way you handled things with bianca finally got through my thick skull until i could see just how perfect you are , how perfect we can be together . 
 i would be a damn fool if i let you go . '' 
 his smile dug a dimple in his cheek . 
 `` i may have been slow on the uptake , but i 'm not an idiot . 
 i love you , phoebe landis , and i want to spend the rest of my life with you and our daughter and any other children we decide to add to our family . '' 
 `` and i want to spend the rest of my life with you . '' 
 he tucked her closer against him , their bodies a perfect fit . 
 `` we 'll start house-hunting here , for a place of our own . '' 
 a final problem tugged her with worries about long-term happiness . 
 `` but you love your job , the thrill of international dealings . '' 
 he tunneled his fingers into her hair . 
 `` i love you and nina and the life we 're going to have together more . '' 
 `` i do n't think i 'll ever get tired of hearing that . '' 
 she arched up on her toes as he leaned down , his kiss wonderfully familiar and even better every time , as they built on the desire she 'd felt the first time his sexy voice had stroked over her . 
 how much more would she have to look forward to in the future ? 
 his hands slid down her sides to loop low around her waist as he kissed along her jaw , his late-day beard a sweet abrasion against her skin . 
 the scent of his aftershave mingled with the salty air , swirling inside her like dreams of their future unfolding . 
 and just that fast an idea took shape inside those possibilities and plans . 
 phoebe nestled against his chest , looking out over the ocean . 
 `` what if nina and i traveled with you ? '' 
 his muscled arms tensed against her and he did n't answer at first , the waves rolling and receding while his heart thudded steadily under her ear . 
 she stroked the hair at the nape of his neck . 
 `` kyle ? '' 
 `` i thought you would want the home and hearth here , stability for nina . '' 
 so had she . 
 at first . 
 but she was learning more and more about thinking outside the box as she contemplated blending her life with kyle 's . 
 `` we 're her security . 
 and as you said before , we have options . 
 we can hire an entourage of help so we never have to worry about finding sitters . 
 we can afford to rent an entire house wherever we travel . 
 think outside the box for us , the way you do in your career . '' 
 `` your plan is definitely worth discussion . '' 
 his face creased into a one-sided smile , his hands sliding intimately low down her waist . 
 `` we could always talk about it more on a long drive up the coast , since i decided to keep the aston . '' 
 possibilities flamed to life inside her , for now and all the years ahead . 
 `` top down ? '' 
 she could already imagine the sea spray against her face , kyle pulling over on a deserted stretch of beach ... `` whatever you want , my love , '' he promised . 
 `` i 'll make it happen . '' 
 epilogue nine months laterocean breeze caressing her bare shoulders , phoebe draped her arms around kyle 's neck , her fingers toying with the hair at the nape of his neck . 
 he wore it slightly longer now that he was no longer in the air force . 
 but they led a more spontaneous life overall these days as they traveled the world in his job as head of landis international . 
 their latest stop ? 
 lisbon , portugal . 
 they had renewed their marriage vows this afternoon with all the family gathered around the veranda at their rented waterside villa . 
 her frothy off-white wedding dress twining around her legs , she tipped her face into the wind on this side of the atlantic . 
 `` so we 're really , really married now . '' 
 `` i sure hope so . '' 
 his hand slid between them to caress her stomach , which would soon start to swell with the baby they 'd made two months ago . 
 ashley and matthew had a daughter now , baby claire , who adored her older cousin nina . 
 ginger and hank renshaw 's grandparent nursery had just about expanded to a wing of cribs and toddler beds . 
 they 'd even added an in-ground baby pool and playground . 
 but then , ginger had openly admitted she was thrilled to entice her grandbabies over to spend time at grandma 's house whenever possible . 
 phoebe could n't help but admire her mother-in-law 's efforts when they always made her feel so very welcome . 
 phoebe rested her hand on top of kyle 's , over their child growing inside her . 
 `` we should retrieve our daughter from her grandparents before they spoil her too rotten . '' 
 `` it is her bedtime , is n't it ? '' 
 he slipped his arm around her waist and steered her up the steps leading into the peach-colored stucco villa . 
 castle ruins nestled scenically on a mountainside in the distance . 
 `` i packed a new bedtime storybook for her , one about panda bears . '' 
 `` she 'll love it . '' 
 her grandparents were n't the only ones who enjoyed spoiling nina . 
 `` next time we 're in d.c. we 'll have to take her to the national zoo to see the giant pandas . '' 
 phoebe found she enjoyed traveling with kyle , and realized it was n't a sacrifice after all with unlimited accommodations and a nanny . 
 she continued to teach a class online , the perfect flexible career for a wife and mother on the go around the world . 
 she was finally seeing the historical sites she taught her students about . 
 and she was n't the only one enjoying her career . 
 bianca had actually struck it big as an actress after all-in bollywood . 
 she was totally enjoying her big-screen family in india . 
 the bollywood film industry had increased english-speaking productions and the viewers loved her . 
 and of course bianca loved being loved . 
 the money was n't too shabby , either . 
 from all indications , she was very happy being a long-distance mother . 
 she had n't uttered a peep about the child-custody agreement and did n't even ask to see nina half as much as she was allotted . 
 they 'd never even needed to roll out the incriminating images of bianca , although they 'd made sure she knew they had them . 
 since the nanny stayed with nina during the few times bianca came to the states to see her daughter , they knew the little girl was safe . 
 nina seemed to see bianca as more of an indulgent aunt who sent lavish gifts but rarely made an appearance . 
 with that first sweet word , `` ma-ma , '' uttered just for phoebe , nina had made it clear who she viewed in that role . 
 phoebe paused in the wide-open double doors leading into the villa , inviting a cross-breeze . 
 she turned her new ring around and around on her finger , the diamond-and-sapphire ring nestled alongside her diamond-studded band . 
 `` do you know what i 'm looking forward to most today ? '' 
 `` what would that be ? '' 
 he skimmed her loose hair back from her face , his gold band glinting in the setting sun . 
 `` i 'll do my best to make it happen even better than planned . '' 
 she tucked against him suggestively , already envisioning exactly how all the pieces would go together once they were behind closed doors . 
 `` i ca n't wait for our wedding night . 
 this time , we 'll be celebrating on the same day that we said the vows . '' 
 `` now , that wish - '' he smiled , dipping to graze a kiss at the corner of her mouth '' - will be my absolute pleasure to fulfill again ... and again . '' 
