 i emerge from the simulation with a yell . 
 my lip stings , and when i take my hand away from it , there is blood on my fingertips . 
 i must have bitten it during the test . 
 the dauntless woman administering my aptitude test-tori , she said her name was-gives me a strange look as she pulls her black hair back and ties it in a knot . 
 her arms are marked up and down with ink , flames and rays of light and hawk wings . 
 `` when you were in the simulation ... were you aware that it was n't real ? '' 
 tori says to me as she turns off the machine . 
 she sounds and looks casual , but it 's a studied casualness , learned from years of practice . 
 i know it when i see it . 
 i always do . 
 suddenly i 'm aware of my own heartbeat . 
 this is what my father said would happen . 
 he told me that they would ask me if i was aware during the simulation , and he told me what to say when they did . 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` if i was , do you think i would have chewed through my lip ? '' 
 tori studies me for a few seconds , then bites down on the ring in her lip before she says , `` congratulations . 
 your result was textbook abnegation . '' 
 i nod , but the word `` abnegation '' feels like a noose wrapped around my throat . 
 `` are n't you pleased ? '' 
 she says . 
 `` my faction members will be . '' 
 `` i did n't ask about them , i asked about you . '' 
 tori 's mouth and eyes turn down at the corners like they bear little weights . 
 like she 's sad about something . 
 `` this is a safe room . 
 you can say whatever you want here . '' 
 i knew what my choices in the aptitude test would add up to before i arrived at school this morning . 
 i chose food over a weapon . 
 i threw myself in the path of the dog to save the little girl . 
 i knew that after i made those choices , the test would end and i would receive abnegation as a result . 
 and i do n't know that i would have made different choices if my father had n't coached me , had n't controlled every part of my aptitude test from afar . 
 so what was i expecting ? 
 what faction did i want ? 
 any of them . 
 any of them but abnegation . 
 `` i 'm pleased , '' i say firmly . 
 i do n't care what she says-this is n't a safe room . 
 there are no safe rooms , no safe truths , no safe secrets to tell . 
 i can still feel the dog 's teeth closing around my arm , tearing my skin . 
 i nod to tori and start toward the door , but just before i leave , her hand closes around my elbow . 
 `` you 're the one who has to live with your choice , '' she says . 
 `` everyone else will get over it , move on , no matter what you decide . 
 but you never will . '' 
 i open the door and walk out . 
 i return to the cafeteria and sit down at the abnegation table , among the people who barely know me . 
 my father does n't permit me to come to most community events . 
 he claims that i 'll cause a disruption , that i 'll do something to hurt his reputation . 
 i do n't care . 
 i 'm happier in my room , in the silent house , than surrounded by the deferential , apologetic abnegation . 
 the consequence of my constant absence , though , is that the other abnegation are wary of me , convinced there 's something wrong with me , that i 'm ill or immoral or strange . 
 even those willing to nod at me in greeting do n't quite meet my eyes . 
 i sit with my hands clenching my knees , watching the other tables , while the other students finish their aptitude tests . 
 the erudite table is covered in reading material , but they are n't all studying-they 're just making a show of it , trading conversation instead of ideas , their eyes snapping back to the words every time they think someone 's watching them . 
 the candor are talking loudly , as always . 
 the amity are laughing , smiling , pulling food from their pockets and passing it around . 
 the dauntless are raucous and loud , slung over the tables and chairs , leaning on one another and poking one another and teasing . 
 i wanted any other faction . 
 any other faction but mine , where everyone has already decided that i am not worth their attention . 
 finally an erudite woman enters the cafeteria and holds up a hand for silence . 
 the abnegation and erudite quiet down right away , but it takes her shouting `` quiet ! '' 
 for the dauntless , amity , and candor to notice her . 
 `` the aptitude tests are now finished , '' she says . 
 `` remember that you are not permitted to discuss your results with anyone , not even your friends or family . 
 the choosing ceremony will be tomorrow evening at the hub . 
 plan to arrive at least ten minutes before it begins . 
 you are dismissed . '' 
 everyone rushes toward the doors except our table , where we wait for everyone else to leave before we even get to our feet . 
 i know the path my fellow abnegation will take out of here , down the hallway and out the front doors to the bus stop . 
 they could be there for over an hour letting other people get on in front of them . 
 i do n't think i can bear any more of this silence . 
 instead of following them , i slip out a side door and into an alley next to the school . 
 i 've taken this route before , but usually i creep along slowly , not wanting to be seen or heard . 
 today all i want to do is run . 
 i sprint to the end of the alley and into the empty street , leaping over a sinkhole in the pavement . 
 my loose abnegation jacket snaps in the wind , and i peel it from my shoulders , letting it trail behind me like a flag and then letting it go . 
 i push the sleeves of my shirt up to my elbows as i run , slowing to a jog when my body can no longer stand the sprint . 
 it feels like the entire city is rushing past me in a blur , the buildings blending together . 
 i hear the slap of my shoes like the sound is separate from me . 
 finally i have to stop , my muscles burning . 
 i 'm in the factionless wasteland that lies between the abnegation sector and erudite headquarters , candor headquarters , and our common places . 
 at every faction meeting , our leaders , usually speaking through my father , urge us not to be afraid of the factionless , to treat them like human beings instead of broken , lost creatures . 
 but it never occurred to me to be afraid of them . 
 i move to the sidewalk so i can look through the windows of the buildings . 
 most of the time all i see is old furniture , every room bare , bits of trash on the floor . 
 when most of the city 's residents left-as they must have , since our current population does n't fill every building-they must not have left in a hurry , because the spaces they occupied are so clean . 
 nothing of interest remains . 
 when i pass one of the buildings on the corner , though , i see something inside . 
 the room just beyond the window is as bare as any of the others i 've walked by , but past the doorway inside i can see a single ember , a lit coal . 
 i frown and pause in front of the window to see if it will open . 
 at first it wo n't budge , and then i wiggle it back and forth , and it springs upward . 
 i push my torso through first , and then my legs , toppling to the ground inside in a heap of limbs . 
 my elbows sting as they scrape the floor . 
 the building smells like cooked food and smoke and sweat . 
 i inch toward the ember , listening for voices that will warn me of a factionless presence here , but there 's only silence . 
 in the next room , the windows are blacked out by paint and dirt , but a little daylight makes it through them , so i can see that there are curled pallets scattered on the floor all over the room , and old cans with bits of dried food stuck inside them . 
 in the center of the room is a small charcoal grill . 
 most of the coals are white , their fuel spent , but one is still lit , suggesting that whoever was here was here recently . 
 and judging by the smell and the abundance of old cans and blankets , there were quite a few of them . 
 i was always taught that the factionless lived without community , isolated from one another . 
 now , looking at this place , i wonder why i ever believed it . 
 what would be stopping them from forming groups , just like we have ? 
 it 's in our nature . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 a voice demands , and it travels through me like an electric shock . 
 i wheel around and see a smudged , sallow-faced man in the next room , wiping his hands on a ragged towel . 
 `` i was just ... '' i look at the grill . 
 `` i saw fire . 
 that 's all . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 the man tucks the corner of the towel into his back pocket . 
 he wears black candor pants , patched with blue erudite fabric , and a gray abnegation shirt , the same as the one i 'm wearing . 
 he 's lean as a rail , but he looks strong . 
 strong enough to hurt me , but i do n't think he will . 
 `` thanks , i guess , '' he says . 
 `` nothing 's on fire here , though . '' 
 `` i can see that , '' i say . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 `` it 's my house , '' he says with a cold smile . 
 he 's missing one of his teeth . 
 `` i did n't know i would be having guests , so i did n't bother to tidy up . '' 
 i look from him to the scattered cans . 
 `` you must toss and turn a lot , to require so many blankets . '' 
 `` never met a stiff who pried so much into other people 's business , '' he says . 
 he moves closer to me and frowns . 
 `` you look a little familiar . '' 
 i know i ca n't have met him before , not where i live , surrounded by identical houses in the most monotonous neighborhood in the city , surrounded by people in identical gray clothing with identical short hair . 
 then it occurs to me : hidden as my father tries to keep me , he 's still the leader of the council , one of the most prominent people in our city , and i still resemble him . 
 `` i 'm sorry to have bothered you , '' i say in my best abnegation voice . 
 `` i 'll be going now . '' 
 `` i do know you , '' the man says . 
 `` you 're evelyn eaton 's son , are n't you ? '' 
 i stiffen at her name . 
 it 's been years since i heard it , because my father wo n't speak it , wo n't even acknowledge it if he hears it . 
 to be connected to her again , even just in facial resemblance , feels strange , like putting on an old piece of clothing that does n't quite fit anymore . 
 `` how did you know her ? '' 
 he must have known her well , to see her in my face , which is paler than hers , the eyes blue instead of dark brown . 
 most people did n't look closely enough to see all the things we had in common : our long fingers , our hooked noses , our straight , frowned eyebrows . 
 he hesitates a little . 
 `` she volunteered with the abnegation sometimes . 
 handing out food and blankets and clothes . 
 had a memorable face . 
 plus , she was married to a council leader . 
 did n't everyone know her ? '' 
 sometimes i know people are lying just because of the way the words feel when they press into me , uncomfortable and wrong , the way an erudite feels when she reads a grammatically incorrect sentence . 
 however he knew my mother , it 's not because she handed him a can of soup once . 
 but i 'm so thirsty to hear more about her that i do n't press the issue . 
 `` she died , did you know ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` years ago . '' 
 `` no , i did n't know . '' 
 his mouth slants a little at one corner . 
 `` i 'm sorry to hear that . '' 
 i feel strange , standing in this dank place that smells like live bodies and smoke , among these empty cans that suggest poverty and the failure to fit in . 
 but there is something appealing about it here too , a freedom , a refusal to belong to these arbitrary categories we 've made for ourselves . 
 `` your choosing must be coming up tomorrow , for you to look so worried , '' the man says . 
 `` what faction did you get ? '' 
 `` i 'm not supposed to tell anyone , '' i say automatically . 
 `` i 'm not anyone , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm nobody . 
 that 's what being factionless is . '' 
 i still do n't say anything . 
 the prohibition against sharing my aptitude test result , or any of my other secrets , is set firmly in the mold that makes me and remakes me daily . 
 it 's impossible to change now . 
 `` ah , a rule follower , '' he says , like he 's disappointed . 
 `` your mother said to me once that she felt like inertia had carried her to abnegation . 
 it was the path of least resistance . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` trust me when i tell you , eaton boy , that resisting is worth doing . '' 
 i feel a rush of anger . 
 he should n't be telling me about my mother like she belongs to him and not to me , should n't be making me question everything i remember about her just because she may or may not have served him food once . 
 he should n't be telling me anything at all-he 's nobody , factionless , separate , nothing . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` look where resisting got you . 
 living out of cans in broken-down buildings . 
 does n't sound so great to me . '' 
 i start toward the doorway the man emerged from . 
 i know i 'll find an alley door somewhere back there ; i do n't care where as long as i can get out of here quickly . 
 i pick a path across the floor , careful not to step on any of the blankets . 
 when i reach the hallway , the man says , `` i 'd rather eat out of a can than be strangled by a faction . '' 
 i do n't look back . 
 when i get home , i sit on the front step and take deep breaths of the cool spring air for a few minutes . 
 my mother was the one who taught me to steal moments like those , moments of freedom , though she did n't know it . 
 i watched her take them , slipping out the door after dark when my father was asleep , creeping back home when sunlight was just appearing behind the buildings . 
 she took them even when she was with us , standing over the sink with her eyes closed , so distant from the present that she did n't even hear me when i spoke to her . 
 but i learned something else from watching her too , which is that the free moments always have to end . 
 i get up , brushing flecks of cement from my gray slacks , and push the door open . 
 my father sits in the easy chair in the living room , surrounded by paperwork . 
 i pull up straight , tall , so that he ca n't scold me for slouching . 
 i move toward the stairs . 
 maybe he will let me go to my room unnoticed . 
 `` tell me about your aptitude test , '' he says , and he points at the sofa for me to sit . 
 i cross the room , stepping carefully over a stack of papers on the carpet , and sit where he points , right on the edge of the cushion so i can stand up quickly . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he removes his glasses and looks at me expectantly . 
 i hear tension in his voice , the kind that only develops after a difficult day at work . 
 i should be careful . 
 `` what was your result ? '' 
 i do n't even think about refusing to tell him . 
 `` abnegation . '' 
 `` and nothing else ? '' 
 i frown . 
 `` no , of course not . '' 
 `` do n't give me that look , '' he says , and my frown disappears . 
 `` nothing strange happened with your test ? '' 
 during my test , i knew where i was-i knew that while i felt like i was standing in the cafeteria of my secondary school , i was actually lying prostrate on a chair in the aptitude test room , my body connected to a machine by a series of wires . 
 that was strange . 
 but i do n't want to talk to him about it now , not when i can see the stress brewing inside him like a storm . 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` do n't lie to me , '' he says , and he seizes my arm , his fingers tight like a vise . 
 i do n't look at him . 
 `` i 'm not , '' i say . 
 `` i got abnegation , just as expected . 
 the woman barely looked at me on my way out of the room . 
 i promise . '' 
 he releases me . 
 my skin pulses from where he gripped it . 
 `` good , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm sure you have some thinking to do . 
 you should go to your room . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 i get up and cross the room again , relieved . 
 `` oh , '' he says . 
 `` some of my fellow council members are coming over tonight , so you should eat dinner early . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 before the sun goes down , i snatch food from the cupboards and the refrigerator : two dinner rolls and raw carrots with the greens still attached , a hunk of cheese and an apple , leftover chicken without any seasoning on it . 
 the food all tastes the same , like dust and paste . 
 i keep my eyes fixed on the door so i do n't collide with my father 's coworkers . 
 he would n't like it if i was still down here when they came . 
 i am finishing off a glass of water when the first council member appears on the doorstep , and i hurry through the living room before my father reaches the door . 
 he waits with his hand on the knob , his eyebrows raised at me as i slip around the banister . 
 he points up the stairs and i climb them , fast , as he opens the door . 
 `` hello , marcus . '' 
 i recognize the voice as andrew prior 's . 
 he 's one of my father 's closest friends at work , which means nothing , because no one really knows my father . 
 not even me . 
 from the top of the stairs i look down at andrew . 
 he 's wiping his shoes on the mat . 
 i see him and his family sometimes , a perfect abnegation unit , natalie and andrew , and the son and daughter-not twins , but both two years younger than i am in school-all walking sedately down the sidewalk and bobbing their heads at passersby . 
 natalie organizes all the factionless volunteer efforts among the abnegation-my mother must have known her , though she rarely attended abnegation social events , preferring to keep her secrets like i keep mine , hidden away in this house . 
 andrew meets my eyes , and i rush down the hallway to my bedroom , closing the door behind me . 
 to all appearances , my room is as sparse and clean as every other abnegation room . 
 my gray sheets and blankets are tucked tightly around the thin mattress , and my schoolbooks are stacked in a perfect tower on my plywood desk . 
 a small dresser that contains several identical sets of clothing stands next to the small window , which lets in only the barest sliver of sunlight in the evenings . 
 through it i can see the house next door , which is just the same as the one i 'm in , except five feet to the east . 
 i know how inertia carried my mother to abnegation , if indeed that man was speaking the truth about what she 'd told him . 
 i can see it happening to me , too , tomorrow when i stand among the bowls of faction elements with a knife in my hand . 
 there are four factions i do n't know or trust , with practices i do n't understand , and only one that is familiar , predictable , comprehensible . 
 if choosing abnegation wo n't lead me to a life of ecstatic happiness , at least it will lead me to a comfortable place . 
 i sit on the edge of the bed . 
 no , it wo n't , i think , and then i swallow the thought down , because i know where it comes from : the childish part of me that is afraid of the man holding court in the living room . 
 the man whose knuckles i know better than his embrace . 
 i make sure the door is closed and wedge the desk chair under the knob just in case . 
 then i crouch next to the bed and reach under it to the trunk i keep there . 
 my mother gave it to me when i was young , and told my father it was for spare blankets , that she had found it in an alley somewhere . 
 but when she put it in my room , she did n't fill it with spare blankets . 
 she closed my door and touched her fingers to her lips and set it on my bed to open it . 
 inside the unlocked trunk was a blue sculpture . 
 it looked like falling water , but it was really glass , perfectly clear , polished , flawless . 
 `` what does it do ? '' 
 i asked her at the time . 
 `` it does n't do anything obvious , '' she said , and she smiled , but the smile was tight , like she was afraid of something . 
 `` but it might be able to do something in here . '' 
 she tapped her chest , right over the sternum . 
 `` beautiful things sometimes do . '' 
 since then i have filled the trunk with objects that others would call useless : old spectacles without glass in them , fragments of discarded motherboards , spark plugs , stripped wires , the broken neck of a green bottle , a rusted knife blade . 
 i do n't know if my mother would have called them beautiful , or even if i would , but each of them struck me the same way that sculpture did , as secret things , and valuable ones , if only because they were so overlooked . 
 instead of thinking about my aptitude test result , i pick up each object and turn it in my hands so i 've memorized every part of every one . 
 i wake with a start to marcus 's footsteps in the hallway just outside the bedroom . 
 i 'm lying on the bed with the objects strewn on the mattress around me . 
 his footsteps are slowing down as he comes closer to the door , and i pick up the spark plugs and motherboard pieces and wires and throw them back into the trunk and lock it , stowing the key in my pocket . 
 i realize at the last second , as the doorknob starts to move , that the sculpture is still out , so i shove it under the pillow and slide the trunk under the bed . 
 then i dive toward the chair and pull it from under the knob so my father can enter . 
 when he does , he eyes the chair in my hands with suspicion . 
 `` what was that doing over here ? '' 
 he says . 
 `` are you trying to keep me out ? '' 
 `` no , sir . '' 
 `` that 's the second time you 've lied to me today , '' marcus says . 
 `` i did n't raise my son to be a liar . '' 
 `` i - '' i ca n't think of a single thing to say , so i just close my mouth and carry the chair back to my desk where it belongs , right behind the perfect stack of schoolbooks . 
 `` what were you doing in here that you did n't want me to see ? '' 
 i clutch the back of the chair , hard , and stare at my books . 
 `` nothing , '' i say quietly . 
 `` that 's three lies , '' he says , and his voice is low but hard as flint . 
 he starts toward me , and i back up instinctively . 
 but instead of reaching for me , he bends down and pulls the trunk from beneath the bed , then tries the lid . 
 it does n't budge . 
 fear slides into my gut like a blade . 
 i pinch the hem of my shirt , but i ca n't feel my fingertips . 
 `` your mother claimed this was for blankets , '' he says . 
 `` said you got cold at night . 
 but what i 've always wondered is , if it still has blankets in it , why do you keep it locked ? '' 
 he holds out his hand , palm up , and raises his eyebrows at me . 
 i know what he wants-the key . 
 and i have to give it to him , because he can see when i 'm lying ; he can see everything about me . 
 i reach into my pocket , then drop the key in his hand . 
 now i ca n't feel my palms , and the breathing is starting , the shallow breathing that always comes when i know he 's about to explode . 
 i close my eyes as he opens the trunk . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 his hand moves through the treasured objects carelessly , scattering them to the left and right . 
 he takes them out one by one and thrusts them toward me . 
 `` what do you need with this , or this ... ! '' 
 i flinch , over and over again , and do n't have an answer . 
 i do n't need them . 
 i do n't need any of them . 
 `` this is rank with self-indulgence ! '' 
 he shouts , and he shoves the trunk off the edge of the bed so its contents scatter all over the floor . 
 `` it poisons this house with selfishness ! '' 
 i ca n't feel my face , either . 
 his hands collide with my chest . 
 i stumble back and hit the dresser . 
 then he draws his hand back by his face to hit me , and i say , my throat tight with fear , `` the choosing ceremony , dad ! '' 
 he pauses with his hand raised , and i cower , shrinking back against the dresser , my eyes too blurry to see out of . 
 he usually tries not to bruise my face , especially for days like tomorrow , when so many people will be staring at me , watching me choose . 
 he lowers his hand , and for a second i think the violence is over , the anger stalled . 
 but then he says , `` fine . 
 stay here . '' 
 i sag against the dresser . 
 i know better than to think he 'll leave and mull things over and come back apologizing . 
 he never does that . 
 he will return with a belt , and the stripes he carves into my back will be easily hidden by a shirt and an obedient abnegation expression . 
 i turn around , a shudder claiming my body . 
 i clutch the edge of the dresser and wait . 
 that night i sleep on my stomach , pain biting each thought , with my broken possessions on the floor around me . 
 after he hit me until i had to stuff my fist into my mouth to muffle a scream , he stomped on each object until it was broken or dented beyond recognition , then threw the trunk into the wall so the lid broke from the hinges . 
 the thought surfaces : if you choose abnegation , you will never get away from him . 
 i push my face into my pillow . 
 but i 'm not strong enough to resist this abnegation-inertia , this fear that drives me down the path my father has set for me . 
 the next morning i take a cold shower , not to conserve resources as the abnegation instruct , but because it numbs my back . 
 i dress slowly in my loose , plain abnegation clothes , and stand in front of the hallway mirror to cut my hair . 
 `` let me , '' my father says from the end of the hallway . 
 `` it 's your choosing day , after all . '' 
 i set the clippers down on the ledge created by the sliding panel and try to straighten up . 
 he stands behind me , and i avert my eyes as the clippers start to buzz . 
 there 's only one guard for the blade , only one length of hair acceptable for an abnegation male . 
 i wince as his fingers stabilize my head , and hope he does n't see it , does n't see how even his slightest touch terrifies me . 
 `` you know what to expect , '' he says . 
 he covers the top of my ear with one hand as he drags the clippers over the side of my head . 
 today he 's trying to protect my ear from getting nicked by clippers , and yesterday he took a belt to me . 
 the thought feels like poison working through me . 
 it 's almost funny . 
 i almost want to laugh . 
 `` you 'll stand in your place ; when your name is called , you 'll go forward to get your knife . 
 then you 'll cut yourself and drop the blood into the right bowl . '' 
 our eyes meet in the mirror , and he presses his mouth into a near-smile . 
 he touches my shoulder , and i realize that we are about the same height now , about the same size , though i still feel so much smaller . 
 then he adds gently , `` the knife will only hurt for a moment . 
 then your choice will be made , and it will all be over . '' 
 i wonder if he even remembers what happened yesterday , or if he 's already shoved it into a separate compartment in his mind , keeping his monster half separate from his father half . 
 but i do n't have those compartments , and i can see all his identities layered over one another , monster and father and man and council leader and widower . 
 and suddenly my heart is pounding so hard , my face is so hot , i can barely stand it . 
 `` do n't worry about me handling the pain , '' i say . 
 `` i 've had a lot of practice . '' 
 for a second his eyes are like daggers in the mirror , and my strong anger is gone , replaced by familiar fear . 
 but all he does is switch off the clippers and set them on the ledge and walk down the stairs , leaving me to sweep up the trimmed hair , to brush it from my shoulders and neck , to put the clippers away in their drawer in the bathroom . 
 then i go back into my room and stare at the broken objects on the floor . 
 carefully , i gather them into a pile and put them in the wastebasket next to my desk , piece by piece . 
 wincing , i come to my feet . 
 my legs are shaking . 
 in that moment , staring at the bare life i 've made for myself here , at the destroyed remnants of what little i had , i think , i have to get out . 
 it 's a strong thought . 
 i feel its strength ringing inside me like the toll of a bell , so i think it again . 
 i have to get out . 
 i walk toward the bed and slide my hand under the pillow , where my mother 's sculpture is still safe , still blue and gleaming with morning light . 
 i put it on my desk , next to the stack of books , and leave my bedroom , closing the door behind me . 
 downstairs , i 'm too nervous to eat , but i stuff a piece of toast into my mouth anyway so my father wo n't ask me any questions . 
 i should n't worry . 
 now he 's pretending i do n't exist , pretending i 'm not flinching every time i have to bend down to pick something up . 
 i have to get out . 
 it 's a chant now , a mantra , the only thing i have left to hold on to . 
 he finishes reading the news the erudite release every morning , and i finish washing my own dishes , and we walk out of the house together without speaking . 
 we walk down the sidewalk , and he greets our neighbors with a smile , and everything is always in perfect order for marcus eaton , except for his son . 
 except for me ; i am not in order , i am in constant disarray . 
 but today , i 'm glad for that . 
 we get on the bus and stand in the aisle to let others sit down around us , the perfect picture of abnegation deference . 
 i watch the others get on , candor boys and girls with loud mouths , erudite with studious stares . 
 i watch the other abnegation rise from their seats to give them away . 
 everyone is going to the same place today-the hub , a black pillar in the distance , its two prongs stabbing the sky . 
 when we get there , my father puts a hand on my shoulder as we walk to the entrance , sending shocks of pain through my body . 
 i have to get out . 
 it 's a desperate thought , and the pain only spurs it on with each footstep as i walk the stairs to the choosing ceremony floor . 
 i struggle for air , but it 's not because of my aching legs ; it 's because of my weak heart , growing stronger with each passing second . 
 beside me , marcus wipes beads of sweat from his forehead , and all the other abnegation close their lips to keep from breathing too loudly , lest they appear to be complaining . 
 i lift my eyes to the stairs ahead of me , and i am on fire with this thought , this need , this chance to escape . 
 we reach the right floor , and everyone pauses to catch their breath before entering . 
 the room is dim , the windows blocked off , the seats arranged around the circle of bowls that hold glass and water and stones and coal and earth . 
 i find my place in line , between an abnegation girl and an amity boy . 
 marcus stands in front of me . 
 `` you know what to do , '' he says , and it 's more like he 's telling himself than me . 
 `` you know what the right choice is . 
 i know you do . '' 
 i just stare somewhere south of his eyes . 
 `` i 'll see you soon , '' he says . 
 he moves toward the abnegation section and sits in the front row , with some of the other council leaders . 
 gradually people fill the room , those who are about to choose standing in a square at the edge , those watching sitting in the chairs in the middle . 
 the doors close , and there 's a moment of quiet as the council representative from dauntless moves to the podium . 
 max is his name . 
 he wraps his fingers around the edge of the podium , and i can see , even from here , that his knuckles are bruised . 
 do they learn to fight in dauntless ? 
 they must . 
 `` welcome to the choosing ceremony , '' max says , his deep voice filling the room easily . 
 he does n't need the microphone ; his voice is loud enough and strong enough to penetrate my skull and wrap around my brain . 
 `` today you will choose your factions . 
 until this point you have followed your parents ' paths , your parents ' rules . 
 today you will find your own path , make your own rules . '' 
 i can almost see my father pressing his lips together with disdain at such a typical dauntless speech . 
 i know his habits so well , i almost do it myself , though i do n't share the feeling . 
 i have no particular opinions about dauntless . 
 `` a long time ago our ancestors realized that each of us , each individual , was responsible for the evil that exists in the world . 
 but they did n't agree on exactly what that evil was , '' max says . 
 `` some said that it was dishonesty ... . '' 
 i think of the lies i have told , year after year , about this bruise or that cut , the lies of omission i told when i kept marcus 's secrets . 
 `` some said that it was ignorance , some aggression ... . '' 
 i think of the peace of the amity orchards , the freedom i would find there from violence and cruelty . 
 `` some said selfishness was the cause . '' 
 this is for your own good is what marcus said before the first blow fell . 
 as if hitting me was an act of self-sacrifice . 
 as if it hurt him to do it . 
 well , i did n't see him limping around the kitchen this morning . 
 `` and the last group said that it was cowardice that was to blame . '' 
 a few hoots rise up from the dauntless section , and the rest of the dauntless laugh . 
 i think of the fear swallowing me last night until i could n't feel , until i could n't breathe . 
 i think of the years that have ground me into dust beneath my father 's heel . 
 `` that is how we came by our factions : candor , erudite , amity , abnegation , and dauntless . '' 
 max smiles . 
 `` in them we find administrators and teachers and counselors and leaders and protectors . 
 in them we find our sense of belonging , our sense of community , our very lives . '' 
 he clears his throat . 
 `` enough of that . 
 let 's get to it . 
 come forward and get your knife , then make your choice . 
 first up , zellner , gregory . '' 
 it seems fitting that pain should follow me from my old life into my new one , with the knife digging into my palm . 
 still , even this morning i did n't know which faction i would choose as a haven . 
 gregory zellner holds his bleeding hand over the bowl of dirt , to choose amity . 
 amity seems like the obvious choice for a haven , with its peaceful life , its sweet-smelling orchards , its smiling community . 
 in amity i would find the kind of acceptance i 've craved my entire life , and maybe , over time , it would teach me to feel steady in myself , comfortable with who i am . 
 but as i look at the people sitting in that section , in their reds and yellows , i see only whole , healed people , capable of cheering one another , capable of supporting one another . 
 they are too perfect , too kind , for someone like me to be driven into their arms by rage and fear . 
 the ceremony is moving too fast . 
 `` rogers , helena . '' 
 she chooses candor . 
 i know what happens in candor 's initiation . 
 i heard whispers about it in school one day . 
 there , i would have to expose every secret , dig it out with my fingernails . 
 i would have to flay myself alive to join candor . 
 no , i ca n't do that . 
 `` lovelace , frederick . '' 
 frederick lovelace , dressed all in blue , cuts his palm and lets his blood drip into the erudite water , turning it a deeper shade of pink . 
 i learn easily enough for erudite , but i know myself well enough to understand that i am too volatile , too emotional , for a place like that . 
 it would strangle me , and what i want is to be free , not to be shuffled into yet another prison . 
 it takes no time at all for the name of the abnegation girl beside me to be called . 
 `` erasmus , anne . '' 
 anne-another one who never found more than a few words to speak to me-stumbles forward and walks the aisle to max 's podium . 
 she accepts her knife with shaking hands and cuts her palm and holds her hand over the abnegation bowl . 
 it 's easy for her . 
 she does n't have anything to run from , just a welcoming , kind community to rejoin . 
 and besides , no one from abnegation has transferred in years . 
 it 's the most loyal faction , in terms of choosing ceremony statistics . 
 `` eaton , tobias . '' 
 i do n't feel nervous as i walk down the aisle to the bowls , though i still have n't chosen my place . 
 max passes me the knife , and i wrap my fingers around the handle . 
 it 's smooth and cool , the blade clean . 
 a new knife for each person , and a new choice . 
 as i walk to the center of the room , to the center of the bowls , i pass tori , the woman who administered my aptitude test . 
 you 're the one who has to live with your choice , she said . 
 her hair is pulled back , and i can see a tattoo creeping over her collarbone , toward her throat . 
 her eyes touch mine with peculiar force , and i stare back , unflinching , as i take my place among the bowls . 
 what choice can i live with ? 
 not erudite , or candor . 
 not abnegation , the place i am trying to get away from . 
 not even amity , where i am too broken to belong . 
 the truth is , i want my choice to drive a knife right through my father 's heart , to pierce him with as much pain and embarrassment and disappointment as possible . 
 there is only one choice that can do that . 
 i look at him , and he nods , and i cut deep into my own palm , so deep the pain brings tears to my eyes . 
 i blink them away and curl my hand into a fist to let the blood collect there . 
 his eyes are like my eyes , such a dark blue that in light like this they always look black , just pits in his skull . 
 my back throbs and pinches , my collared shirt scratching at the raw skin there , the skin he wore into with that belt . 
 i open my palm over the coals . 
 i feel like they 're burning in my stomach , filling me to the brim with fire and smoke . 
 i am free . 
 i do n't hear the cheers of the dauntless ; all i hear is ringing . 
 my new faction is like a many-armed creature , stretching toward me . 
 i move toward it , and i do n't dare to look back to see my father 's face . 
 hands slap my arms , commending me on my choice , and i move to the rear of the group , blood wrapping around my fingers . 
 i stand with the other initiates , next to a black-haired erudite boy who appraises and dismisses me with one glance . 
 i must not look like much , in my abnegation grays , tall and scrawny after last year 's growth spurt . 
 the cut in my hand is gushing , the blood spilling onto the floor and running down my wrist . 
 i dug too deep with the knife . 
 as the last of my peers choose , i pinch the hem of my loose abnegation shirt between my fingers and rip . 
 i tear a strip of fabric from the front and wrap it around my hand to stop the bleeding . 
 i wo n't need these clothes anymore . 
 the dauntless sitting in front of us come to their feet as soon as the last person chooses , and they rush toward the doors , carrying me with them . 
 i turn back right before the doors , unable to stop myself , and i see my father sitting in the front row still , a few other abnegation huddled around him . 
 he looks stunned . 
 i smirk a little . 
 i did it , i put that expression on his face . 
 i am not the perfect abnegation child , doomed to be swallowed whole by the system and dissolved into obscurity . 
 instead , i am the first abnegation-dauntless transfer in more than a decade . 
 i turn and run to catch up with the others , not wanting to be left behind . 
 before i exit the room , i unbutton my ripped long-sleeved shirt and let it fall on the ground . 
 the gray t-shirt i am wearing beneath it is still oversized , but it 's darker , blends in better with the black dauntless clothes . 
 they storm down the stairs , flinging doors open , laughing , shouting . 
 i feel burning in my back and shoulders and lungs and legs , and suddenly i am unsure of this choice i 've made , of these people i 've claimed . 
 they are so loud and so wild . 
 can i possibly make a place for myself among them ? 
 i do n't know . 
 i guess i do n't have a choice . 
 i push my way through the group , searching for my fellow initiates , but they seem to have disappeared . 
 i move to the side of the group , hoping to get a glimpse of where we 're headed , and i see the train tracks suspended over the street in front of us , in a cage of latticed wood and metal . 
 the dauntless climb the stairs and spill out onto the train platform . 
 at the foot of the stairs , the crowd is so dense that i ca n't find a way to get in , but i know if i do n't climb the stairs soon , i might miss the train , so i decide to push my way in . 
 i have to clench my teeth to keep myself from apologizing as i elbow people aside , and the momentum of the crowd presses me up the steps . 
 `` you 're not a bad runner , '' tori says as she sidles up to me on the platform . 
 `` at least for an abnegation kid . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i say . 
 `` you know what 's going to happen next , right ? '' 
 she turns and points at a light in the distance , fixed to the front of an oncoming train . 
 `` it 's not going to stop . 
 it 's just going to slow down a little . 
 and if you do n't make it on , that 's it for you . 
 factionless . 
 it 's that easy to get kicked out . '' 
 i nod . 
 i 'm not surprised that the trial of initiation has already begun , that it began the second we left the choosing ceremony . 
 and i 'm not surprised that the dauntless expect me to prove myself either . 
 i watch the train come closer-i can hear it now , whistling on the tracks . 
 she grins at me . 
 `` you 're going to do just fine here , are n't you ? '' 
 `` what makes you say that ? '' 
 she shrugs . 
 `` you strike me as someone who 's ready to fight , that 's all . '' 
 the train thunders toward us , and the dauntless start piling on . 
 tori runs toward the edge , and i follow her , copying her stance and her movements as she prepares to jump . 
 she grabs a handle at the edge of the door and swings herself inside , so i do the same thing , fumbling at first for my grip and then yanking myself in . 
 but i 'm unprepared for the turning of the train , and i stumble , smacking my face against the metal wall . 
 i grab my aching nose . 
 `` smooth , '' one of the dauntless inside says . 
 he 's younger than tori , with dark skin and an easy smile . 
 `` finesse is for erudite show-offs , '' tori says . 
 `` he made it on the train , amar , that 's what counts . '' 
 `` he 's supposed to be in the other car , though . 
 with the other initiates , '' amar says . 
 he eyes me , but not the way the erudite transfer did a few minutes ago . 
 he seems more curious than anything else , like i 'm an oddity he needs to examine carefully in order to understand it . 
 `` if he 's friends with you , i guess it 's okay . 
 what 's your name , stiff ? '' 
 the name is in my mouth the second he asks me the question , and i am about to answer like i always do , that i am tobias eaton . 
 it should be natural , but in that moment i ca n't bear to say my name out loud , not here , among the people i hoped would be my new friends , my new family . 
 i ca n't - i wo n't - be marcus eaton 's son anymore . 
 `` you can call me ` stiff ' for all i care , '' i say , trying out the cutting dauntless banter i 've only listened to across hallways and classrooms until now . 
 wind rushes into the train car as it picks up speed , and it 's loud , roaring in my ears . 
 tori gives me a strange look , and for a moment i am afraid that she 's going to tell amar my name , which i 'm sure she remembers from my aptitude test . 
 but she just nods a little , and relieved , i turn toward the open doorway , my hand still on the handle . 
 it never occurred to me before that i could refuse to give my name , or that i could give a false one , construct a new identity for myself . 
 i 'm free here , free to snap at people and free to refuse them and free even to lie . 
 i see the street between the wooden beams that support the train tracks , just a story beneath us . 
 but up ahead , the old tracks give way to new ones , and the platforms go higher , wrapping around the roofs of buildings . 
 the climb happens gradually , so i would n't have noticed it was happening if i had n't been staring at the ground as we traveled farther and farther away from it , farther and farther into the sky . 
 fear makes my legs go weak , so i back away from the doorway and sink into a crouch by one wall as i wait to get to wherever we 're going . 
 i am still in that position-crouched by the wall , my head in my hands-when amar nudges me with his foot . 
 `` get up , stiff , '' he says , not unkindly . 
 `` it 's almost time to jump . '' 
 `` jump ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he smirks . 
 `` this train stops for no one . '' 
 i press myself up . 
 the fabric i wrapped around my hand is soaked through with red . 
 tori stands right behind me and pushes me toward the doorway . 
 `` let the initiate off first ! '' 
 she shouts . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i demand , scowling at her . 
 `` i 'm doing you a favor ! '' 
 she answers , and she shoves me toward the opening again . 
 the other dauntless step back for me , each one of them grinning like i 'm a meal . 
 i shuffle toward the edge , grabbing the handle so hard the tips of my fingers start to go numb . 
 i see where i 'm supposed to jump-up ahead , the tracks hug the roof of a building and then turn . 
 the gap looks small from here , but as the train gets closer , it seems larger and larger , and my imminent death seems more and more likely . 
 my entire body shakes as the dauntless in the cars ahead of us make the jump . 
 none of them miss the roof , but that does n't mean i wo n't be the first . 
 i pry my fingers from the handle and stare at the rooftop and push off as hard as i can . 
 the impact shudders through me , and i fall forward onto my hands and knees , the gravel on the roof digging into my wounded palm . 
 i stare at my fingers . 
 i feel like time just lurched forward , the actual jump disappearing from sight and memory . 
 `` damn , '' someone behind me says . 
 `` i was hoping we would get to scrape some stiff pancake off the pavement later . '' 
 i glare at the ground and sit back on my heels . 
 the roof is tilting and bobbing beneath me-i did n't know a person could be dizzy with fear . 
 still , i know i just passed two initiation tests : i got on a moving train , and i made it to the roof . 
 now the question is , how do the dauntless get off the roof ? 
 a moment later amar steps up on the ledge , and i have my answer : they 're going to make us jump . 
 i close my eyes and pretend that i 'm not here , kneeling on this gravel with these insane ink-marked people surrounding me . 
 i came here to escape , but this is not an escape , it 's just a different kind of torture and it 's too late to escape it . 
 my only hope , then , is to survive it . 
 `` welcome to dauntless ! '' 
 amar shouts . 
 `` where you either face your fears and try not to die in the process , or you leave a coward . 
 we 've got a record low of faction transfers this year , unsurprisingly . '' 
 the dauntless around amar punch the air and whoop , bearing the fact that no one wants to join them as a banner of pride . 
 `` the only way to get into the dauntless compound from this rooftop is to jump off this ledge , '' amar says , opening his arms wide to indicate the empty space around him . 
 he tilts back on his heels and waves his arms around , like he 's about to fall , then catches himself and grins . 
 i pull a deep breath in through my nose and hold it . 
 `` as usual , i offer the opportunity to go first to our initiates , dauntless-born or not . '' 
 he hops down from the ledge and gestures to it , eyebrows raised . 
 the cluster of young dauntless near the roof exchange looks . 
 standing off to the side are the erudite boy from before , an amity girl , two candor boys , and a candor girl . 
 there are only six of us . 
 one of the dauntless steps up , a dark-skinned boy who beckons cheers from his friends with his hands . 
 `` go , zeke ! '' 
 one of the girls shouts . 
 zeke hops onto the ledge but misjudges the jump and tips forward right away , losing his balance . 
 he yells something unintelligible and disappears . 
 the candor girl nearby gasps , covering her mouth with one hand , but zeke 's dauntless friends burst into laughter . 
 i do n't think that was the dramatic , heroic moment he had in mind . 
 amar , grinning , gestures to the ledge again . 
 the dauntless-borns line up behind it , and so do the erudite boy and the amity girl . 
 i know i have to join them , i have to jump , it does n't matter how i feel about it . 
 i move toward the line , stiff like my joints are rusted bolts . 
 amar looks at his watch and cues each jumper at thirty-second intervals . 
 the line is shrinking , dissolving . 
 suddenly it 's gone , and i am all that is left . 
 i step onto the ledge and wait for amar 's cue . 
 the sun is setting behind the buildings in the distance , their jagged line unfamiliar from this angle . 
 the light glows gold near the horizon , and wind rushes up the side of the building , lifting my clothes away from my body . 
 `` go ahead , '' amar says . 
 i close my eyes , and i 'm frozen ; i ca n't even push myself off the roof . 
 all i can do is tilt and fall . 
 my stomach drops and my limbs fumble in the air for something , anything to hold on to , but there is nothing , only the drop , the air , the frantic search for the ground . 
 then i hit a net . 
 it curls around me , wrapping me in strong threads . 
 hands beckon to me from the edge . 
 i hook my fingers in the net and pull myself toward them . 
 i land on my feet on a wooden platform , and a man with dark brown skin and bruised knuckles grins at me . 
 max . 
 `` the stiff ! '' 
 he claps me on the back , making me flinch . 
 `` nice to see you made it this far . 
 go join your fellow initiates . 
 amar will be down in a second , i 'm sure . '' 
 behind him is a dark tunnel with rock walls . 
 the dauntless compound is underground-i assumed it would be dangling from a high building from a series of flimsy ropes , a manifestation of my worst nightmares . 
 i try to walk down the steps and over to the other transfers . 
 my legs seem to be working again . 
 the amity girl smiles at me . 
 `` that was surprisingly fun , '' she says . 
 `` i 'm mia . 
 you okay ? '' 
 `` it looks like he 's trying not to throw up , '' one of the candor boys says . 
 `` just let it happen , man , '' the other candor boy adds . 
 `` we 'd love to see a show . '' 
 my response comes out of nowhere . 
 `` shut up , '' i snap . 
 to my surprise , they do . 
 i guess they have n't been told to shut up by many of the abnegation . 
 a few seconds later , i see amar rolling over the edge of the net . 
 he descends the steps , looking wild and rumpled and ready for the next insane stunt . 
 he beckons all the initiates closer to him , and we gather at the opening of the yawning tunnel in a semicircle . 
 amar brings his hands together in front of him . 
 `` my name is amar , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm your initiation instructor . 
 i grew up here , and three years ago , i passed initiation with flying colors , which means i get to be in charge of the newcomers for as long as i want . 
 lucky you . 
 `` dauntless-borns and transfers do most physical training separately , so that the dauntless-borns do n't break the transfers in half right away - '' at this , the dauntless-borns on the other side of the semicircle grin . 
 `` but we 're trying something different this year . 
 the dauntless leaders and i want to see if knowing your fears before you begin training will better prepare you for the rest of initiation . 
 so before we even let you into the dining hall to have dinner , we 're going to do some self-discovery . 
 follow me . '' 
 `` what if i do n't want to discover myself ? '' 
 zeke asks . 
 all amar has to do is look at him for him to sink back into the group of dauntless-borns again . 
 amar is like no one i 've ever met-affable one minute and stern the next , and sometimes both at once . 
 he leads the way down the tunnel , then stops at a door built into the wall and shoves it open with his shoulder . 
 we follow him into a dank room with a giant window in the back wall . 
 above us the fluorescent lights flicker and twitch , and amar busies himself at a machine that looks a lot like the one used to administer my aptitude test . 
 i hear a dripping sound-the ceiling is leaking into a puddle in the corner . 
 another large , empty room stretches out beyond the window . 
 there are cameras in each corner-are there cameras all over the dauntless compound ? 
 `` this is the fear landscape room , '' amar announces without looking up . 
 `` a fear landscape is a simulation in which you confront your worst fears . '' 
 arranged on the table next to the machine is a line of syringes . 
 they look sinister to me in the flickering light , like they might as well be instruments of torture , knives and blades and hot pokers . 
 `` how is that possible ? '' 
 the erudite boy says . 
 `` you do n't know our worst fears . '' 
 `` eric , right ? '' 
 amar says . 
 `` you 're correct , i do n't know your worst fears , but the serum i am going to inject you with will stimulate the parts of your brain that process fear , and you will come up with the simulation obstacles yourself , so to speak . 
 in this simulation , unlike in the aptitude test simulation , you will be aware that what you are seeing is not real . 
 meanwhile , i will be in this room , controlling the simulation , and i get to tell the program embedded in the simulation serum to move on to the next obstacle once your heart rate reaches a particular level-once you calm down , in other words , or face your fear in a significant way . 
 when you run out of fears , the program will terminate and you will ` wake up ' in that room again with a greater awareness of your own fears . '' 
 he picks up one of the syringes and beckons to eric . 
 `` allow me to satisfy your erudite curiosity , '' he says . 
 `` you get to go first . '' 
 `` but - '' `` but , '' amar says smoothly , `` i am your initiation instructor , and it 's in your best interest to do as i say . '' 
 eric stands still for a moment , then removes his blue jacket , folds it in half , and drapes it over the back of a chair . 
 his movements are slow and deliberate-designed , i suspect , to irritate amar as much as possible . 
 eric approaches amar , who sticks the needle almost savagely into the side of eric 's neck . 
 then he steers eric toward the next room . 
 once eric is standing in the middle of the room behind the glass , amar attaches himself to the simulation machine with electrodes and presses something on the computer screen behind it to start the program . 
 eric is still , his hands by his sides . 
 he stares at us through the window , and a moment later , though he has n't moved , it looks like he 's staring at something else , like the simulation has begun . 
 but he does n't scream or thrash or cry like i would expect of someone who is staring down his worst fears . 
 his heart rate , recorded on the monitor in front of amar , rises and rises , like a bird taking flight . 
 he 's afraid . 
 he 's afraid , but he 's not even moving . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 mia asks me . 
 `` is the serum working ? '' 
 i nod . 
 i watch eric take a deep breath into his gut and release it through his nose . 
 his body shakes , shivers , like the ground is rumbling beneath him , but his breaths are slow and even , his muscles clenching and then relaxing every few seconds , like he keeps tensing up by accident and then correcting his mistake . 
 i watch his heart rate on the monitor in front of amar , watch it slow down more and more until amar taps the screen , forcing the program to move on . 
 this happens over and over again with each new fear . 
 i count the fears as they pass in silence , ten , eleven , twelve . 
 then amar taps the screen one last time , and eric 's body relaxes . 
 he blinks , slowly , then smirks at the window . 
 i notice that the dauntless-borns , usually so quick to comment on everything , are silent . 
 that must mean that what i 'm feeling is correct-that eric is someone to watch out for . 
 maybe even someone to be afraid of . 
 for more than an hour i watch the other initiates face their fears , running and jumping and aiming invisible guns and , in some cases , lying facedown on the floor , sobbing . 
 sometimes i get a sense of what they see , of the crawling , creeping fears that torment them , but most of the time the villains they 're warding off are private ones , known only to them and amar . 
 i stay near the back of the room , shrinking down every time he calls on the next person . 
 but then i 'm the last one in the room , and mia is just finishing , pulled out of her fear landscape when she 's crouching against the back wall , her head in her hands . 
 she stands , looking worn , and shuffles out of the room without waiting for amar to dismiss her . 
 he glances at the last syringe on the table , then at me . 
 `` just you and me , stiff , '' he says . 
 `` come on , let 's get this over with . '' 
 i stand in front of him . 
 i barely feel the needle go in ; i 've never had a problem with shots , though some of the other initiates got teary-eyed before the injection . 
 i walk into the next room and face the window , which looks like a mirror on this side . 
 in the moment before the simulation takes effect , i can see myself the way the others must have seen me , slouched and buried in fabric , tall and bony and bleeding . 
 i try to straighten up , and i 'm surprised by the difference it makes , surprised by the shadow of strength i see in myself right before the room disappears . 
 images fill the space in pieces , the skyline of our city , the hole in the pavement seven stories below me , the line of the ledge beneath my feet . 
 wind rushes up the side of the building , stronger than it was when i was here in real life , whipping my clothes so hard they snap , and pushing against me from all angles . 
 then the building grows with me on top of it , moving me far away from the ground . 
 the hole seals up , and hard pavement covers it . 
 i cringe away from the edge , but the wind wo n't let me move backward . 
 my heart pounds harder and faster as i confront the reality of what i have to do ; i have to jump again , this time not trusting that there wo n't be pain when i slam into the ground . 
 a stiff pancake . 
 i shake out my hands , squeeze my eyes shut , and scream into my teeth . 
 then i follow the push of the wind and i drop , fast . 
 i hit the ground . 
 searing , white-hot pain rushes through me , just for a second . 
 i stand up , wiping dust from my cheek , and wait for the next obstacle . 
 i have no idea what it will be . 
 i have n't taken much time to consider my fears , or even what it would mean to be free from fear , to conquer it . 
 it occurs to me that without fear , i might be strong , powerful , unstoppable . 
 the idea seduces me for just a second before something hits my back , hard . 
 then something hits my left side , and my right side , and i 'm enclosed in a box large enough only for my body . 
 shock protects me from panic , at first , and then i breathe the close air and stare into the empty darkness , and my insides squeeze tighter and tighter . 
 i ca n't breathe anymore . 
 i ca n't breathe . 
 i bite down on my lip to keep from sobbing-i do n't want amar to see me cry , do n't want him to tell the dauntless that i 'm a coward . 
 i have to think , ca n't think , through the suffocation of this box . 
 the wall against my back here is the same as the one in my memory , from when i was young , shut in the darkness in the upstairs hallway as punishment . 
 i was never sure when it would end , how many hours i would be stuck there with imaginary monsters creeping up on me in the dark , with the sound of my mother 's sobs leaking through the walls . 
 i slam my hands against the wall in front of me , again and again , then claw at it , though the splinters stab the skin under my fingernails . 
 i put up my forearms and hit the box with the full weight of my body , again and again , closing my eyes so i can pretend i 'm not in here , i 'm not in here . 
 let me out let me out let me out let me out . 
 `` think it through , stiff ! '' 
 a voice shouts , and i go still . 
 i remember that this is a simulation . 
 think it through . 
 what do i need to get out of this box ? 
 i need a tool , something stronger than i am . 
 i nudge something with my toes and reach down to pick it up . 
 but when i reach down , the top of the box moves with me , and i ca n't straighten again . 
 i swallow a scream and find the pointy end of a crowbar with my fingers . 
 i wedge it between the boards that form the left corner of the box and push as hard as i can . 
 all the boards spring apart at once and fall on the ground around me . 
 i breathe the fresh air , relieved . 
 then a woman appears in front of me . 
 i do n't recognize her face , and her clothes are white , not belonging to any faction . 
 i move toward her , and a table springs up in front of me , with a gun and a bullet on it . 
 i frown at it . 
 is this a fear ? 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i ask her , and she does n't answer . 
 it 's clear what i 'm supposed to do-load the gun , fire the bullet . 
 dread builds inside of me , as powerful as any fear . 
 my mouth goes dry , and i fumble for the bullet and the gun . 
 i 've never held a gun before , so it takes me a few seconds to figure out how to open the chamber of the pistol . 
 in those seconds i think of the light leaving her eyes , this woman i do n't know , do n't know enough to care about her . 
 i am afraid-i am afraid of what i will be asked to do in dauntless , of what i will want to do . 
 afraid of some kind of hidden violence inside of me , wrought by my father and by the years of silence my faction forced on me . 
 i slide the bullet into the chamber , then hold the gun in both hands , the cut in my palm throbbing . 
 i look at the woman 's face . 
 her lower lip wobbles , and her eyes fill with tears . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say , and i pull the trigger . 
 i see the dark hole the bullet creates in her body , and she falls to the floor , evaporating into a cloud of dust on contact . 
 but the dread does n't go away . 
 i know that something 's coming ; i can feel it building inside me . 
 marcus has not appeared yet , and he will , i know it as surely as i know my own name . 
 our name . 
 a circle of light envelops me , and at its edge , i see worn gray shoes pacing . 
 marcus eaton steps into the edge of the light , but not the marcus eaton i know . 
 this one has pits for eyes and a gaping black maw instead of a mouth . 
 another marcus eaton stands beside him , and slowly , all around the circle , more and more monstrous versions of my father step forward to surround me , their yawning , toothless mouths open wide , their heads tilting at odd angles . 
 i squeeze my hands into fists . 
 it 's not real . 
 it 's obviously not real . 
 the first marcus undoes his belt and then slides it out from around his waist , loop by loop , and as he does , so do the other marcuses . 
 as they do , the belts turn into ropes made of metal , barbed at the ends . 
 they drag their belts in lines across the floor , their oily black tongues sliding over the edges of their dark mouths . 
 at once they draw back the metal ropes , and i scream at the top of my lungs , wrapping my arms around my head . 
 `` this is for your own good , '' the marcuses say in metallic , united voices , like a choir . 
 i feel pain , tearing , ripping , shredding . 
 i fall to my knees and squeeze my arms against my ears like they can protect me , but nothing can protect me , nothing . 
 i scream again and again but the pain continues , and so does his voice . 
 `` i will not have self-indulgent behavior in my house ! '' 
 `` i did not raise my son to be a liar ! '' 
 i ca n't hear , i wo n't hear . 
 an image of the sculpture my mother gave me rises into my mind , unbidden . 
 i see it where i placed it on my desk , and the pain starts to recede . 
 i focus all my thoughts on it and the other objects scattered around my room , broken , the top of the trunk loose from its hinges . 
 i remember my mother 's hands , with their slim fingers , closing the trunk and locking it and handing me the key . 
 one by one , the voices disappear , until there are none left . 
 i let my arms fall to the ground , waiting for the next obstacle . 
 my knuckles brush the stone floor , which is cold and grainy with dirt . 
 i hear footsteps and brace myself for what 's coming , but then i hear amar 's voice : `` that 's it ? '' 
 he says . 
 `` that 's all there is ? 
 god , stiff . '' 
 he stops next to me and offers me his hand . 
 i take it and let him pull me to my feet . 
 i do n't look at him . 
 i do n't want to see his expression . 
 i do n't want him to know what he knows , do n't want to become the pathetic initiate with the messed-up childhood . 
 `` we should come up with another name for you , '' he says casually . 
 `` something tougher than ` stiff . ' 
 like ` blade ' or ` killer ' or something . '' 
 at that i do look at him . 
 he 's smiling a little . 
 i do see some pity in that smile , but not as much as i thought i would . 
 `` i would n't want to tell people my name either , '' he says . 
 `` come on , let 's get some food . '' 
 amar walks me over to the initiates ' table once we 're in the dining hall . 
 there are a few dauntless already sitting at the surrounding tables , eyeing the other side of the room , where pierced and tattooed chefs are still setting out the food . 
 the dining hall is a cavern lit from beneath by blue-white lamps , giving everything an eerie glow . 
 i sit down in one of the empty chairs . 
 `` jeez , stiff . 
 you look like you 're about to faint , '' eric says , and one of the candor boys grins . 
 `` you all made it out alive , '' amar says . 
 `` congratulations . 
 you made it through the first day of initiation , with varying degrees of success . '' 
 he looks at eric . 
 `` none of you did as well as four over here , though . '' 
 he points at me as he speaks . 
 i frown-four ? 
 is he talking about my fears ? 
 `` hey , tori , '' amar calls over his shoulder . 
 `` you ever hear of anyone having only four fears in their fear landscape ? '' 
 `` last i heard , the record was seven or eight . 
 why ? '' 
 tori calls back . 
 `` i 've got a transfer over here with only four fears . '' 
 tori points at me , and amar nods . 
 `` that 's got ta be a new record , '' tori says . 
 `` well done , '' amar says to me . 
 then he turns and walks toward tori 's table . 
 all the other initiates stare at me , wide-eyed and quiet . 
 before the fear landscape , i was just someone they could step on , on their way to dauntless membership . 
 now i 'm like eric-someone worth watching out for , maybe even someone worth being afraid of . 
 amar gave me more than a new name . 
 he gave me power . 
 `` what 's your real name , again ? 
 starts with an e ... ? '' 
 eric asks me , narrowing his eyes . 
 like he knows something but is n't sure that now is the time to share it . 
 the others might remember my name too , vaguely , from the choosing ceremony , the way i remember theirs-just letters in an alphabet , buried under a nervous haze as i anticipated my own choice . 
 if i strike at their memories now , as hard as i can , become as memorable as my dauntless self as possible , i can maybe save myself . 
 i hesitate for a moment , then put my elbows on the table and raise an eyebrow at him . 
 `` my name is four , '' i say . 
 `` call me ` stiff ' again and you and i will have a problem . '' 
 he rolls his eyes , but i know i 've made myself clear . 
 i have a new name , which means i can be a new person . 
 someone who does n't put up with cutting comments from erudite know-it-alls . 
 someone who can cut back . 
 someone who 's finally ready to fight . 
 four . 
