 1 you know your life is never going to be the same when your mom pulls a gun at the shopping mall . 
 it started out as just another boring saturday in august . 
 mom was tired of me moping around the house , so she dragged me out to spend the day shopping in the air-conditioned mall . 
 about half of columbus , ohio , had the same idea . 
 we pushed through the crowds gathered around the cinnabon and i paused to inhale , but mom tugged me away from the sweet , cinnamony goodness . 
 `` let 's get some school shopping done , '' she suggested , pointing at one of the anchor stores . 
 `` i know we have a few more weeks , but you need some new clothes . '' 
 i smoothed the front of my faded t-shirt and frowned . 
 `` what 's wrong with my clothes ? '' 
 mom shook her head and grabbed my sleeve . 
 `` lexie , you look like you 're homeless . 
 look at the fraying at the hem . 
 i 'm going to get picked up for neglect . '' 
 `` moooom . '' 
 i brushed my bangs out of my eyes and gave her my puppy dog expression . 
 i hated shopping with a fiery passion . 
 she slung an arm around my shoulder . 
 `` fine , '' she said , raising an eyebrow . 
 `` but when they haul me away , it 's on your head . '' 
 `` ha ha . 
 you 're so funny . '' 
 i let her lead me to the store anyway . 
 if i was going to have to shop , at least mom had pretty good taste . 
 even better , she usually paid for everything . 
 she headed for a table full of pastel-colored t-shirts , and i wrinkled my nose . 
 `` nothing yellow . 
 i hate yellow . '' 
 `` i know . 
 how about this purple one ? 
 it would look so pretty with your dark hair . '' 
 i sighed and let her hold it against my chest . 
 she chewed her lip and studied me for a moment before her gaze slid past me deeper into the store . 
 she stiffened , her hands turning into claws that dug into my shoulders . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i whipped around to look behind me . 
 mom dropped the shirt on the table and shook her head . 
 she 'd gone pale but pasted a smile to her face . 
 `` nothing . 
 i just do n't think purple is your color . '' 
 she peered past me again and clutched her purse closer to her side . 
 `` you know what ? 
 i 'm not feeling so well . 
 i think we should head home . '' 
 i frowned at her . 
 `` home ? 
 seriously ? 
 you dragged me all the way to the mall just to turn around and go home ? 
 i should at least get a smoothie out of it or something . '' 
 her right hand slid into her purse and stayed there , like she was searching for something , but she kept her eyes trained on the back of the store . 
 `` i 'm not dealing with your smart mouth right now , lexie . 
 let 's go . '' 
 she moved to grab my arm , but i jerked out of her grasp . 
 `` what is going on ? 
 why are you being so weird ? '' 
 her eyes darted around the store one last time before she turned to me . 
 `` nothing . 
 we just need to move . '' 
 slowly , she slid her hand out of her purse and slipped it into her pocket . 
 i froze in place , gasping at the shiny , black gun in her grip . 
 blood roared in my ears . 
 `` what the hell is that ? 
 is that real ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure you 've seen a gun before . 
 it 's for protection . '' 
 mom pulled me from the store . 
 `` protection from what ? '' 
 my voice threatened to erupt in a shriek , and i swallowed back my fear . 
 oh my god . 
 had she gone crazy ? 
 something that felt like an electric shock zapped inside my brain , and the world spun . 
 i clutched mom 's arm as my mind lurched and sputtered . 
 a strange buzzing sound filled my ears until it blocked out the babble of the mall . 
 my gaze focused in on the small details of the gun she tried to hide behind her purse - the curve of the handle , the faint etching on the barrel . 
 thoughts reeled through my head , and suddenly , i recognized the gun was a .38 - caliber , snubnosed revolver by smith and wesson . 
 even though i knew absolutely nothing about guns . 
 even though i 'd only ever seen a gun on tv . 
 `` what 's wrong , lexie ? 
 are you all right ? '' 
 mom tucked her hand , the gun still in it , into the pocket of her sweater before inspecting me with a worried gaze . 
 `` do you think i 'm all right ? 
 you have a gun . '' 
 and my brain might be broken . 
 it was enough to totally freak a girl out . 
 `` yes , i do . 
 now , come on . '' 
 she tugged my arm , and i let her speed walk me through the rest of the mall . 
 i was in too much shock to resist . 
 mom and i burst through the glass doors , and as soon as the humid ohio summer hit me , i found my voice . 
 `` mom . 
 stop . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 she kept moving across the parking lot despite the heat turning the pavement into a shimmering river . 
 `` get in the car . 
 we 've got to go . '' 
 i dug my heels in until she stopped . 
 `` how long have you had that thing ? 
 do you even know how to use it ? 
 you 're just a scientist for god 's sake ! '' 
 she threw a worried glance back at the mall doors , tucking a strand of her honey-colored hair behind her ears before turning to me . 
 `` we 're two single women living alone . 
 it 's for our protection . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` what exactly do you expect to happen ? '' 
 `` anything can happen , '' she said with a frown , her glance flicking past me again . 
 `` now , really , we need to get home . 
 will you please get in the car ? '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 i yanked open the door and slid into the sweltering interior . 
 mom had us in reverse before i 'd even shut it behind me . 
 i glanced at her from the corner of my eye as she drove . 
 her knuckles were white against the steering wheel , and a muscle jumped in her temple . 
 dread felt like a heavy hand on my chest , and i stayed quiet until we pulled into the driveway . 
 she switched the car off , but i did n't move . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i asked softly . 
 `` you 've never lied to me before . '' 
 mom turned to face me , her eyes serious . 
 `` i 'm not lying . 
 the gun is for protection . 
 i want to make sure you 're safe . '' 
 `` safe from what ? 
 what did you see back at the mall ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` nothing you need to worry about . 
 i promise . 
 now , let 's get inside before we melt in all this heat . '' 
 she used her firm tone of voice , the one that told me the conversation was over even though i still had more questions . 
 i had no choice but to follow her into the house and ignore the fear already twisting my insides into knots . 
 `` lexie , your dad 's on the phone , '' mom called from downstairs . 
 i tugged my headphones off with a frown . 
 music was the only thing keeping me from freaking out about what had happened at the mall earlier today . 
 now dad was on the phone ? 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 `` what does he want ? '' 
 i called back . 
 `` i do n't know - just pick it up . '' 
 i sighed and stared at the phone beside my bed . 
 i had n't talked to dad in over a month . 
 he 'd been away on some sort of top-secret research trip to japan , and before that , he had been busy at work . 
 talking to his daughter had never exactly been a priority . 
 why would he choose now , of all days , to call ? 
 a sudden lump formed in my throat . 
 even worse , what exactly was i supposed to say to him ? 
 about mom ? 
 the gun ? 
 or that weird flash of knowledge i 'd had ? 
 it was n't the first time that had happened either . 
 a few months ago , while i was taking a math test , all the answers had popped into my head without even having to work at them . 
 it had freaked me out , but i thought it was a fluke . 
 now , i was n't so sure . 
 i pushed aside all of that , took a deep breath , and picked up the phone . 
 `` hey , dad . '' 
 `` lexie , honey , how are you ? '' 
 his warm , familiar voice made me miss him even more than i usually did , but i kept my voice emotionless . 
 `` fine . 
 how was your trip ? '' 
 `` it went really well . 
 i think quantum technologies is going to be opening a new branch in tokyo . '' 
 my stomach clenched , and i clutched the phone in my suddenly sweaty fist . 
 `` are they sending you over to open it ? '' 
 dad let out a surprised laugh . 
 `` oh , no , that 'll be someone else 's job . 
 i just went to scope out the location and talk to some of their scientists . '' 
 i forced my hand to relax . 
 i barely saw dad now ; it would n't really matter if he moved to japan . 
 much . 
 `` cool . 
 so , um , what 's up ? '' 
 `` i wanted to see how you were doing . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 mostly . 
 if i did n't think too hard about what had happened today . 
 oh my god . 
 was that what he was calling about ? 
 had mom said something ? 
 but that was unlikely . 
 she never talked to dad if she could help it . 
 `` your mom said you 'd been having some headaches lately . 
 are you still taking your adhd meds ? '' 
 well , evidently she 'd told him something . 
 `` yeah , of course . 
 it 's nothing - i 'm sure it 's just the heat . '' 
 `` just make sure to tell your mom if they get worse , okay ? 
 i worry about you . '' 
 i frowned at the mouthpiece . 
 mom had basically said the same thing earlier when she explained about the gun . 
 my skin erupted in goosebumps . 
 `` why are you guys so worried about me all of a sudden ? '' 
 dad paused and then said softly , `` we 're your parents . 
 it 's what we do . '' 
 `` not like this . 
 it 's like you guys are watching for something . 
 what - am i suddenly going to develop magical powers ? '' 
 `` of course not . 
 there 's no such thing as magic . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` it was a joke , dad . '' 
 sometimes i wondered if the job description for rocket scientists had a no-sense-of-humor requirement . 
 `` just forget it . 
 it does n't matter . 
 i 'm fine . '' 
 another awkward pause stretched between us . 
 `` so how 's that little project of ours going ? '' 
 i gritted my teeth . 
 the `` little project '' was n't so little , especially after he 'd abandoned me to work on it alone . 
 `` it 's just fine . 
 no thanks to you . '' 
 `` sweetie , i 'm sorry . 
 you know how crazy it gets here at qt . '' 
 `` you just dumped some circuit boards and project plans on my desk six months ago and expected me to take care of it . 
 well , you know what ? 
 i did . 
 the quantum sensor is up and running , i attached the thermometer to the heat sink , and it 's ready to start reading the gamma-ray spectra of nuclear materials . 
 if i had access to any . 
 look at me - i 'm a freaking genius . '' 
 dad cleared his throat uncomfortably . 
 `` what did you do about the infrared sensitivity ? '' 
 `` i redesigned the bolometer to measure the electromagnetic radiation . '' 
 `` wow . 
 i 'm impressed . 
 that 's really advanced work . '' 
 and i 'd figured it all out on my own . 
 when he 'd suggested the project , i 'd thought finally we might have something to work through together . 
 something in common . 
 obviously , i 'd been wrong . 
 i did n't bother to respond , and dad finally cleared his throat before saying , `` so i was thinking you could visit me and try the sensor out in my lab . 
 i 'd love for us to spend some time together . 
 i have n't seen you in months . '' 
 whose fault is that ? 
 i bit back my angry response . 
 i 'd learned a long time ago that the drama was n't worth it . 
 `` we 'll see . 
 i have plans with some friends next weekend . 
 and then school starts up again in a few weeks . '' 
 `` honey , i think - '' `` was there anything else ? 
 mom 's calling me for dinner . '' 
 the line between us practically throbbed with hurt feelings , but finally , he said , `` no , that 's all i had . '' 
 `` well , glad you 're home from japan . 
 talk to you later . '' 
 `` love you , sweetie . '' 
 `` bye , dad . '' 
 i clicked the phone off and threw it down on the bed . 
 he could n't be bothered to visit more than twice a year . 
 how dare he try to guilt me into feeling bad about our lack of relationship ? 
 my head throbbed even worse than usual , and i rubbed at my temples . 
 it was seriously none of dad 's business if i 'd been having headaches . 
 he 'd lost the right to care when he left us ten years ago . 
 he meant well , but mom and i were just fine on our own . 
 maybe i 'd ask if she 'd let me learn how to shoot her gun . 
 2 mom usually worked late on thursdays at the lab where she was in charge of a team of theoretical physicists . 
 they had a staff meeting that ran until six , so i was playing with the new computer board dad had sent me . 
 it was only credit-card-sized , but he 'd thought it would be a great way to help me learn programming . 
 i was pretty good at science , but computers ... not so much . 
 i plugged in the power source and felt the panel start to vibrate . 
 it had been a week since the gun incident , and i 'd brought it up over and over , but mom kept shutting me down . 
 i 'd poked in her closet , dug through her desk . 
 nothing . 
 not even a scrap of information . 
 so i 'd finally had no choice but to drop it . 
 hopefully , we could get back to normal now . 
 i hated how pale she looked lately , the dark smudges under her eyes . 
 i hated even more that she was keeping something from me . 
 i pushed the sd card into the slot on my laptop and opened the directions on how to format the operating system for the tiny computer . 
 a zap sliced through my brain again , and the room spun . 
 i grabbed the edge of my desk and squeezed my eyes shut , but a second later , i already knew all the steps i needed . 
 the instructions popped into my head , almost like i was seeing them on the screen . 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 sweat beaded on my neck , and my heart thundered like i 'd been running . 
 i sucked in a deep breath , then another , but my lungs still felt like they 'd stopped working . 
 tears prickled behind my eyelids , and i scrubbed at my face with my hands to keep them from spilling out . 
 this was beyond headaches . 
 it was like my brain was possessed . 
 maybe i had a horrible , cancerous brain tumor . 
 my stomach clenched , and i forced myself to think calmly . 
 i was going to have to say something to mom when she got home . 
 i took a shaky breath and finished formatting the sd card . 
 keeping busy seemed liked a good idea . 
 if i could bring up the weirdness like it was no big deal , maybe we could talk about it rationally . 
 the last thing i needed was for her to freak out . 
 because then i 'd freak out , too . 
 it would be ugly . 
 `` i 'm home , '' mom called a few minutes later . 
 by then , my heartbeat had almost returned to normal . 
 her keys rattled on the hall table , and i padded out of my room . 
 she let out a sigh as she slipped out of her shoes . 
 `` i could n't face cooking dinner tonight , so i brought a pizza . 
 hope you 're hungry . '' 
 `` starving . '' 
 i followed her into the kitchen and pulled some plates from the cupboard . 
 mom dropped the pizza box on the table and switched on the tv . 
 i chewed the inside of my lip . 
 i should say something now . 
 before she got distracted . 
 `` i ca n't even tell you how awful the staff meeting was today . 
 vincent kept going on about how his latest research would change everything , would get us millions of dollars in research grants , and then i had to tell him his control group was flawed . 
 he was not happy . '' 
 she sighed and grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge . 
 `` what did you do today ? '' 
 i shrugged and took a deep breath . 
 play it cool . 
 get her into our normal routine and then slip in the possible brain tumor . 
 `` not much . 
 finished a book . 
 watched some tv . 
 played with that raspberry pi computer dad got me . 
 pretty typical summer vacation stuff . '' 
 `` sounds like fun . '' 
 mom turned to close the fridge door . 
 `` hey , will you pour me a glass of milk ? '' 
 mom nodded and pulled out a glass . 
 the soft murmur of voices on the tv filled the house . 
 `` citizens of los alamos are recovering this evening from a violent attack on a government building located just outside the city limits . 
 officials are claiming that hackers broke into a classified server and triggered an explosion that rocked the facility , killing three ... '' crash . 
 the glass shattered on the floor , but mom stared at the television , her face as white as the spilled milk . 
 `` mom ? 
 are you okay ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 she shook her head and held up a finger . 
 my skin prickled as i turned to the tv and watched smoke billow from a squat , nondescript building in the middle of the desert . 
 a piece of paper fluttered against the wall , and the camera zoomed in to show some sort of logo . 
 a rifle and a microscope crossed like an x on a field of pale blue . 
 `` at this time , officials do not have any suspects in custody and have n't officially labeled it a ` terrorist attack ' ; however , the secretary of homeland security released a statement claiming that they are devoting all their resources to investigating what is ` almost certainly a threat to our national security . '' 
 the news anchor turned the next story over to his co-host , and mom stepped through the puddle of milk and turned the tv off . 
 her hand trembled . 
 she looked like she had in the mall last week . 
 like she was going to be sick . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 mom shook her head . 
 `` will you take care of the mess ? 
 i need to call your father . '' 
 my jaw dropped open . 
 `` dad ? 
 why ? '' 
 i could n't remember a single time in the last ten years when she 'd actually chosen to call him . 
 now , she 'd talked to him twice in one week . 
 `` lexie , please . 
 i 'll be back in a minute . 
 just clean it up please . '' 
 she grabbed the phone off the counter , rubbing the back of her neck as she left the room . 
 i did a few quick swipes with a handful of paper towels , dumped them in the garbage under the sink , and tiptoed down the hall to the living room . 
 i pressed myself against the wall so i could peek inside . 
 `` william , i just saw the news . 
 what exactly did they get from los alamos ? '' 
 mom paced between the couch and the window , the phone pressed to her ear . 
 she moved stiffly , like all her muscles had tensed . 
 `` so that really was grant at the mall , was n't it ? '' 
 almost a minute elapsed as my dad spoke . 
 my chest tightened as i waited for her answer . 
 `` three days ? 
 that 's it ? '' 
 she let out a soft sigh . 
 `` i understand . 
 i wish it had n't come to this , but we 've been lucky for the last few years . '' 
 another pause . 
 `` i miss you , too . 
 we 'll see you soon . '' 
 she clicked the phone off and dropped it on the coffee table with a clatter before burying her head in her hands . 
 my stomach hit the floor . 
 miss him ? 
 mom could barely stand the guy . 
 i leaned back and took a shaky breath . 
 she needed to tell me what was going on . 
 now . 
 a moment later , mom sighed and marched out of the living room . 
 her gaze narrowed as she saw me standing near the door . 
 `` what did you hear ? '' 
 i pressed my palms against the cool wall . 
 `` enough to be completely freaked out . 
 what is going on ? '' 
 `` we 're going to take a trip to visit your dad this weekend . 
 how about you start packing ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` uh-uh . 
 you 're not getting out of it that easily . '' 
 panic twisted my stomach into one big knot . 
 mom and i were close . 
 i told her everything . 
 and , until this past week , i 'd thought she did the same with me . 
 her brown eyes were full of fear , but she put on her best everything 's - okay-voice . 
 `` nothing to worry about , but your dad needs to see you about your adhd meds . 
 the clinical trial is almost up , and they need to finish collecting data on you . '' 
 i blinked . 
 `` why did n't he tell me that when we talked last week ? 
 and what does that have to do with the news ? '' 
 `` nothing at all . 
 just jolted my memory . 
 besides , it 's been a while since you 've seen your dad . 
 he 's been talking about you coming to visit . 
 now 's a good time before school starts . '' 
 that was the last thing i wanted . 
 anger shot through me . 
 i was tired of the lies from both of them . 
 `` i 'm not going to tennessee . 
 i 'm not doing anything until you tell me what 's going on . '' 
 `` watch your tone , young lady . '' 
 i crossed my arms over my chest and glared at her . 
 i had n't even gotten started with the attitude . 
 i could do this all night if i had to . 
 and mom knew it . 
 she threw her hands up . 
 `` i ca n't talk to you rationally when you 're like this . 
 i need to go make a few calls . 
 and since you ca n't be trusted not to eavesdrop , i 'm going to my room . 
 go ahead and eat without me . '' 
 she turned and walked away down the hall . 
 i stared after her . 
 hurt and fear fought to take hold , and my arms slid down to wrap around my waist . 
 i could count on one hand the number of times mom and i had seriously fought . 
 but this was different . 
 i 'd never seen her like this before . 
 she was scared . 
 i shoved the last of my clothes into my suitcase and glanced around my bedroom to make sure i had n't forgotten anything . 
 my mini telescope and my albert einstein action figure were neatly positioned beside the t.a.r.d.i.s. cookie jar i 'd gotten for my last birthday , and the dust that had covered my bookshelf since i 'd gotten my tablet was gone . 
 mom had made me clean while we were packing , so there was a distinct lack of lexie-mess in the room . 
 she 'd even insisted i box up some of my other books and knick-knacks while i was at it . 
 a weird , forced spring clean in the middle of august . 
 `` almost done ? '' 
 mom asked , leaning against the door . 
 `` did you make sure to pack those extra clothes and books ? '' 
 `` yep . 
 i have a full suitcase , an entire box of stuff , my diary from third grade , and the kitchen sink . 
 seems a little overkill for a weekend visit . '' 
 i arched an eyebrow at her , but she shook her head , her eyes still shadowed and haunted . 
 i knew i was being melodramatic , but i 'd tried arguing , begging , pleading , and tricking her into telling me what was going on . 
 mom remained tight-lipped . 
 we were on the road an hour later . 
 mom 's buick sedan was old but comfortable , and the passenger seat cushioned me as i watched the flat ohio countryside slowly give way to the green hills of kentucky . 
 she drove with her lips pressed together , only the soft murmur of the radio to break the silence . 
 the silence that had seemed to fill all the space between us since that little incident with the gun . 
 my fingers drummed against my knee in time to the whirr of the tires on pavement . 
 i 'd never visited dad in tennessee before . 
 he 'd always come to us . 
 first , in washington when i was little . 
 then , in ohio when we moved there three years ago . 
 every time it got more and more uncomfortable . 
 i could n't wait to deal with the awkwardness this time as we danced around the fact that we barely knew each other anymore . 
 i watched a pair of horses chase each other across a pasture . 
 the soft hills of kentucky grew into the appalachian mountains , their peaks lavender-gray in the distance as we approached oak ridge , tennessee . 
 the secret city . 
 i 'd done my homework , of course . 
 as soon as mom had let the name of where dad was working slip , i 'd dug around the internet and found oak ridge was one of the sites of the manhattan project , the world war ii effort that produced the first atomic bomb . 
 it had been a secret , government-run town until 1959 , and then quantum technologies had taken over the former government buildings and science facilities , as well as added buildings of their own . 
 once , the whole town had worked for the u.s. government ; now , most of them worked for qt . 
 the car slowed as we pulled into town . 
 gas stations and fast food restaurants lined the wide street , giving way to a several small strip malls and a grocery store . 
 it all looked perfectly normal . 
 and then we drove into the downtown area . 
 a large , yellow sign reading `` welcome to oak ridge '' greeted us , bearing the symbol of an atom surrounded by ellipses . 
 a few kids on skateboards hung around the park by the main square , doing kickflips and ollies on the stairs . 
 i watched one try to nail a landing , but he slipped instead . 
 i sucked in my breath , thinking for sure he 'd land on his butt , but the board flipped on its own at the last minute , a tiny jet of fire moving it to land beneath the kid 's feet . 
 i gasped . 
 it was a freaking hoverboard ! 
 a thrill of excitement made my skin prickle with goosebumps . 
 maybe quantum technologies was n't just a research facility . 
 maybe this whole trip would n't be completely wasted . 
 if i could bring one of those back with me to school ... mom stopped at the red light , and i scanned the rest of the street . 
 a young couple picnicked under one of the large oak trees while , across the green , a kid was playing catch with her golden retriever . 
 i smiled as the dog leaped and bounded after the ball . 
 and then ran right through a big , blue mailbox like it was n't there , catching the ball on the other side . 
 the dog 's plumed tail wagged frantically as it trotted back to the little girl . 
 through the mailbox . 
 again . 
 i pressed a hand to my eyes . 
 no . 
 not possible . 
 i looked again , and the image of the dog flickered briefly , pixelating before it snapped back together . 
 oh my god . 
 a hologram . 
 `` mom ? '' 
 `` yes , dear ? '' 
 her eyes stayed focused on the line of slow-moving traffic through town , but a muscle jumped in her jaw . 
 `` what is this place ? '' 
 my voice quivered , and she looked up with a small smile . 
 the one she used when she was trying not to freak out . 
 `` oak ridge is a very ... interesting town . 
 quantum technologies develops a lot of really new inventions you wo n't see anywhere else . '' 
 my head had started to pound , and i rubbed the back of my neck . 
 my headache was back . 
 but a headache was the least of my worries right now . 
 i still had n't told mom about the weird flashes of knowledge that popped into my head or being able to solve problems i did n't even know i 'd been thinking about . 
 i realized now it had been going on a lot longer than i 'd recognized . 
 like , if i wondered what was the airspeed velocity of that swallow over there ? 
 ten meters per second , popped into my brain . 
 it was amazing and scary at the same time . 
 i knew things i had no idea i 'd even learned . 
 had i read it somewhere once and now it was popping into my brain at random ? 
 unexpected photographic memory maybe ? 
 whatever it was , it was strange enough that the security robots patrolling the sidewalk and talking to the people sitting at the outdoor cafe almost seemed normal . 
 like dining with freaking cylons was perfectly ordinary . 
 i winced as i got another brain jolt and blurted , `` mom , why did they design the robot 's ankle bolts like that ? 
 the angle 's all wrong . '' 
 a whimper escaped my lips as panic reached up and froze the muscles in my shoulders . 
 mom squeezed my knee . 
 `` it 's okay , lexie . 
 relax . 
 everything 's going to be all right . 
 we just need to get to your dad 's , and we 'll explain . '' 
 she followed the signs toward quantum technologies headquarters but turned off the main road into a small subdivision of post-war track housing before i could get a glimpse of the facility . 
 she pulled up in front of a shabby ranch-style house and parked the car . 
 i stared at the empty flower boxes and overgrown front garden and tried to breathe . 
 the place looked abandoned . 
 `` this is dad 's house ? '' 
 my voice rose in shock . 
 evidently , his neglect did n't just extend to his only child . 
 mom 's lips thinned , but she nodded . 
 `` just remember your dad 's very busy at work . 
 he does n't have time to focus on gardening . '' 
 `` he could have gotten a cylon to do it , '' i muttered . 
 i pushed open the car door , and a wave of sticky heat instantly turned my dark hair frizzy and coated my skin with sweat . 
 i tugged at the strap of my tank top and slowly turned in a circle to check out the rest of the neighborhood . 
 it was full of houses just like my dad 's , though most of them looked neat and tidy . 
 half a dozen kids played basketball in a driveway down the block , but otherwise , the hot , humid afternoon was silent . 
 even the trees felt like they were asleep , their leaves heavy and still . 
 mom struggled up the front walk with my suitcase . 
 `` grab your bag . '' 
 she 'd packed light , just an overnight bag , and i frowned at it sitting on the back seat before gathering the rest of my things . 
 mom grabbed the key from under the front mat and went inside , and i paused . 
 she knew where the key to dad 's house was ? 
 robot security guards were n't the only freaky things going on in this town . 
 a bead of sweat trickled down my back , and i squared my shoulders to follow her . 
 inside , the house seemed nice enough if a little bare . 
 the front door opened directly into the living room with a long hallway off to one side leading to what i assumed were the bedrooms . 
 `` your room is the last door on the left . '' 
 mom glanced around the house and shook her head before dumping my suitcase on the floor and heading back outside for the last load . 
 i stared at her . 
 she knew where my room was , too ? 
 what the hell was going on ? 
 the house smelled of cologne and stale air , like dad was only here often enough to shower . 
 maybe he was . 
 yet another thing i did n't know about him . 
 i tucked my hair behind my ears and tightened my grip on my bag . 
 i was n't going to find my room just standing here . 
 the first door was open , and a quick peek inside at the navy bedspread and sparse decorations confirmed it was my dad 's bedroom . 
 my heart did a little flip at the picture of me and mom on his nightstand . 
 the next room was empty , though it seemed to be a decent size . 
 might be nice for an office or something . 
 i did n't pay it too much attention ; i was already drawn to the last door on the left . 
 my hand shook as i turned the knob and pushed open the door . 
 i do n't know what i expected , but it looked just like any other room . 
 full-sized bed , a large wooden dresser , plain vanilla walls . 
 empty of personality . 
 dad obviously had n't gone to any trouble to make me feel welcome here . 
 to make his daughter feel at home . 
 i tried to ignore the disappointment clogging my throat and dumped my suitcase on the bed . 
 i heard dad 's voice floating in from the hallway . 
 i was tempted to wait for him to come to me , but instead , i took a deep breath and headed toward the kitchen . 
 3 i froze just inside the door . 
 dad 's fingers were tangled in the hair at the back of mom 's neck . 
 her hands inched toward his waistband . 
 their bodies were pressed so close together i could n't figure out where one left off and the other began . 
 mom and dad were kissing . 
 kissing ? 
 oh . 
 my . 
 god . 
 i stumbled back , tripping over a bag in the hallway , and they jumped apart . 
 mom 's fingers flew to her lips , and she wiped them furtively . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i could barely get the words out . 
 dad tugged at the front of his shirt and gave me a hesitant smile . 
 `` lexie . 
 it 's so good to see you . 
 i ca n't believe it 's been almost a year . '' 
 he crossed the room and pulled me into a huge bear hug . 
 i inhaled the warm scent of soap and the faint tang of metal that always clung to his clothes . 
 part of me wanted to stay there forever , to feel safe and loved for a change , but i pulled away . 
 i 'd grown out of being daddy 's little girl a long time ago . 
 dad stared at me , shifted his weight . 
 `` um . 
 you look good , honey . 
 i like your hair long . '' 
 i tugged self-consciously at the dark brown strands . 
 i 'd gotten mom 's beautiful brown eyes , but unfortunately , i 'd also inherited her unruly hair . 
 before we 'd left , i 'd straightened out the frizz and left it down from my usual ponytail , though now i did n't know why i 'd bothered . 
 i was only coming to visit dad . 
 `` i 've been growing it out for a while . 
 not that you 'd know . 
 and stop trying to change the subject . 
 when are you going to tell me what the hell is going on ? '' 
 `` language , please , '' mom admonished from where she had retreated to the kitchen sink . 
 i glared at them , and when dad glanced at mom for help , i lost it . 
 `` you two were kissing . 
 what are n't you telling me ? 
 is one of you dying ? '' 
 mom raised her eyebrow at dad and shrugged . 
 `` i 've been putting her off since we talked thursday night . 
 she needs to know the truth . '' 
 he shook his head , absently running a finger over the frayed cuff of his shirtsleeve . 
 `` maria , you know we ca n't tell her everything . 
 there are security clearances and non-disclosure statements and ... '' the breath whooshed out of my lungs . 
 `` hold up . 
 security clearances ? 
 seriously , what is this about ? '' 
 mom ignored my questions and frowned at dad . 
 `` you promised when the time came , we 'd be straight with her . 
 the time is now . '' 
 dad let out a huge sigh . 
 `` i know , but i thought we 'd have more time to , you know ... '' he gestured helplessly . '' 
 ... prepare . '' 
 screaming was quickly becoming a viable option in this conversation , next to running from the room . 
 or melting into a puddle of freak-out tears . 
 `` one of you start talking . 
 now . '' 
 mom picked up a kitchen towel and began pleating its edge . 
 it was never a good sign when she would n't even look at me . 
 i sank onto one of the hard kitchen chairs before my knees gave out . 
 finally , she looked up , her eyes glistening , and my stomach clenched . 
 `` do you remember playing school with your dad when you were little ? 
 he 'd have you pretend to do homework while he worked through problems of his own ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 i 'd loved feeling like dad and i were working on the same equations , like i was helping him , even if it had only been pretend . 
 `` they were actually tests . 
 iq tests to be exact . 
 and you scored very well . '' 
 oh god . 
 this was insane . 
 i clutched my hands together in my lap so they could n't see them shaking . 
 `` how well ? '' 
 `` your results were off the charts , lex , '' said dad . 
 `` you were solving math equations most of our scientists ca n't finish . '' 
 i shook my head , my muscles tensing . 
 `` not possible . 
 you guys are crazy . '' 
 but even as i protested , my skin began to crawl . 
 was that why i 'd had the weird flashes of knowledge all my life ? 
 i pushed away the ache in my stomach and tried to focus on dad again . 
 he tugged at the collar of his shirt , his eyes shifting away . 
 `` when we saw how smart you were , we also realized what that would mean for you . 
 we wanted you to have a normal childhood , to fit in and experience life as an ordinary kid instead of as a guinea pig . 
 and that required some drastic measures . 
 we needed to protect you . 
 that 's why we did it . '' 
 i stared at him . 
 `` did what ? '' 
 `` we had to make you average . '' 
 `` average ? '' 
 i barely had to work at school and was still near the top of my class . 
 if this was me at average , what exactly was i ? 
 mom grabbed her purse off the table and pulled out my bottle of adhd meds . 
 they rattled as she set them on the counter , and something clicked in my brain . 
 something that sucked the air from my lungs . 
 `` oh my god . 
 those are n't adhd drugs , are they ? '' 
 it felt like i was trying to inhale razor blades as the panic attack started to take hold . 
 `` what did you do to me ? '' 
 dad put his hand on mine and tried to squeeze , but i jerked out of his grasp . 
 the last thing i wanted was that lying ass ** le to touch me . 
 he frowned and slid his hands to his lap . 
 `` we had to mask some of your intelligence . 
 these drugs altered the neuron chains in your brain so not all of them fired . 
 it was enough to slow down some of your thinking , to help you fit in more . '' 
 the room spun , and i squeezed my eyes shut . 
 everything went fuzzy around me until i could only feel my jagged breathing , hear the blood pounding in my ears . 
 this was not happening . 
 my own parents have been drugging me to make me stupid . 
 nausea roiled in my stomach , and i tried not to puke as i shoved my chair away from the table . 
 the legs screamed against the ceramic tile of the floor as i jumped to my feet . 
 it was almost as loud as the scream that came out of my mouth . 
 `` drugging me ? 
 you drugged me to keep me normal ? 
 i 've been on those meds since i was five ! '' 
 i wrapped my arms around my waist , trying to hold myself together . 
 trying to stop my heart from clawing through my chest . 
 `` honey , i 'm so sorry . '' 
 mom 's voice broke , and she swallowed . 
 `` there was no other way . '' 
 mom took a step toward me , looking like she wanted to hug me , but i threw up a hand to stop her . 
 `` do n't you lay a finger on me , '' i snarled . 
 if she touched me right now , i 'd break . 
 `` you 're going to stand there and tell me there was no other way besides messing with my brain ? 
 that 's bullshit ! '' 
 i slammed my hand down on the table , too furious to even feel the fire that shot through my palm . 
 `` watch your language ! '' 
 i glared at her . 
 `` do n't ` language ' me ! 
 you 've lied to me my entire life ! 
 i do n't even know what to say to you right now . '' 
 fury . 
 betrayal . 
 disappointment . 
 they all swirled through me , forming a ball in my chest so big i could barely catch my breath . 
 what could i have done - what could i have been - if i 'd never been given those drugs ? 
 everything in my life belonged to some other girl . 
 some other lexie with a different brain . 
 no wonder i 'd never felt like i 'd fit in at school , like my mind had never functioned quite right . 
 all the fogginess , all the strange flashes of knowledge . 
 things i never should have known . 
 it was all their fault . 
 `` why are you telling me this now ? '' 
 my raspy voice sounded like it was coming from someone else . 
 somewhere else . 
 mom met my gaze , her lips thinning before she spoke . 
 `` we do n't think the pills are working any more . 
 those headaches you 're getting ? 
 we think your brain is resetting itself . '' 
 `` so what ? '' 
 i willed myself to stand still instead of running to my room and slamming the door . 
 i needed them to tell me the truth , to tell me what was so horrible about me that they felt the need to literally change who i was . 
 dad shifted in his chair and would n't meet my eyes . 
 `` now that the medication is n't working , we want to make this right . 
 you 're moving here to tennessee . 
 you 're going to live with me and go to quantum high where you can be accepted for your intelligence . '' 
 i blinked at him , shock pushing away the hurt and betrayal for a moment . 
 `` there 's no way in hell that 's happening . 
 i am not moving here to live with you . 
 my friends , my school , my life is in ohio . 
 you ca n't do this to me ! '' 
 my voice rose to a screech . 
 mom twisted the towel even tighter but shook her head . 
 `` i 'm sorry , honey . 
 i know you 're feeling angry right now , and you have every right to be . 
 but you have to know we 're doing this because we love you and want to protect you . '' 
 `` and you could n't have found another way to protect me besides drugging me into stupidity ? 
 yanking me from my home ? 
 lying to me ? '' 
 i could barely stand to look at either of them , all remorseful and weepy . 
 i turned and stared down the hallway , trying to stop my body from trembling . 
 i was such a messed up mix of emotions i did n't even know how to feel . 
 screw this . 
 i did know how to feel . 
 pissed off . 
 i whirled on my heel and glared at both of them . 
 `` i hate you . 
 i hate what you 've done . 
 i hate that you lied to me . 
 i do n't care what your reasons were or what lies you 're still telling , but i am done . 
 i 'm not living with people who 'd lie to me or a father who 'd rather spend time with a microscope than his own family . '' 
 `` lexie ! '' 
 mom 's shocked gasp almost made me feel guilty , but i shook it off . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry . 
 i thought we were all being honest in this caring-and-sharing session . '' 
 dad put his hand on mom 's arm . 
 `` it 's fine , maria . 
 she has every right to hate us . '' 
 rage surged through me again at the patient tone of his voice . 
 of course , he was calm . 
 his parents had n't just messed with his entire life . 
 `` wow , it 's like you 're a rocket scientist or something ! 
 yes . 
 i do have every right to hate you . 
 and trust me , i do . '' 
 mom 's breath hitched , and she turned away to stare out the window over the sink . 
 her shoulders trembled , but i gritted my teeth . 
 her betrayal hurt even worse than dad 's . 
 we 'd been a team . 
 i 'd trusted her . 
 she 'd lied to me about everything . 
 the shock of it made the room spin again , and i threw out a hand to steady myself against the wall . 
 dad stood helplessly in the middle of the kitchen , glancing between the two of us . 
 his face was as pale as marble , and the lines around his eyes looked like they were carved into his skin . 
 and then suddenly , i could n't do it anymore . 
 i could n't be there in the same room as them . 
 i could n't breathe in the air , polluted with their lies and regrets . 
 i could n't listen to their excuses . 
 there was no apology they could give that would make this right . 
 tears burned behind my eyes , and i gulped for air . 
 `` you wanted to protect me from something that might have been a threat , but instead , you destroyed any trust between us . 
 you 've lied to me my entire life about who i really am . 
 i ca n't forgive you for that . '' 
 my voice broke , and the tears streamed down my face as i fled down the hall to my bedroom . 
 4 mom rapped softly on the door two hours later . 
 `` i need to leave , sweetie . 
 please come out and say goodbye . '' 
 i lifted my head from the pillow . 
 my tears had made everything blurry , and i rubbed at my eyes for a moment before answering . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 `` please come out and talk to us . '' 
 i sighed and swung my feet over the edge of the bed . 
 i was going to have to face them some time . 
 i 'd just hoped it would be when i was sixty . 
 i smoothed my hair back , tugged it into a ponytail , and yanked open the door . 
 `` fine . 
 what is it ? '' 
 mom had her purse slung over one shoulder and her sunglasses on her head . 
 well . 
 evidently she was n't wasting any time getting rid of me . 
 my stomach twisted , and i swallowed back bile . 
 had that been the plan all along ? 
 `` sweetie , i have to leave , but i need for us to be all right first . 
 can we talk ? 
 please ? '' 
 i folded my arms over my chest . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 mom reached out and tucked an escaping strand of my hair behind my ear . 
 her hand trembled as she pulled away . 
 `` i have ... some things i need to do . 
 i would n't go if it was n't absolutely necessary . '' 
 `` that 's not an answer . 
 and there 's no way i 'm staying here . 
 with him . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` you father loves you very much , honey . 
 he left because it was safest for you . 
 please try to understand that . '' 
 `` only if you please try not to talk to me like i 'm a six-year-old . 
 according to you , i 'm smart enough to figure out advanced quantum equations . 
 might as well start acting like it . '' 
 her lips tightened , but she nodded . 
 `` i know you 're mad . 
 you have every right to be . 
 but it 's going to be all right . 
 i promise . '' 
 i pushed past her into the living room . 
 `` i do n't believe your promises anymore . '' 
 dad stood at the front window , staring out , his shoulders tense . 
 he turned as mom followed me into the room . 
 `` i 'm sorry , lexie . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i 'm done talking about it . 
 i want to know why mom 's leaving . '' 
 she shifted her weight and looked away . 
 `` i need to take care of some business . 
 i 'll only be gone a few weeks , and i 'll be back as soon as i can . '' 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 mom shook her head . 
 `` i ca n't tell you that . 
 but please , trust me . 
 everything will get back to normal soon . '' 
 i gaped at her . 
 `` maybe for you , but what about me ? 
 i do n't even know who i am any more . 
 maybe i never did . '' 
 my voice broke on the last word , but instead of crying , i got angry again . 
 `` there must be other kids out there like me . 
 what did they do ? 
 did their parents drug them , too ? '' 
 the sharp sarcasm in my voice echoed around the room , and dad shoved his hands into his pockets and hunched his shoulders before answering . 
 `` some of them are at quantum technologies . 
 my company has created a special school system for the most gifted children in the country . 
 you 'll be welcomed there . '' 
 `` but mom has to leave ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` just for a few weeks . 
 a month at the most . '' 
 he swallowed , and i could see his next words were difficult for him . 
 `` i 'm sorry for not being around more . 
 i wish things had been different . 
 but i 'd like to try to make up for it now . 
 think of this as our chance to start over , to get to know each other again . 
 please ? '' 
 i hated the hope shining in his eyes . 
 hated him for lying to me . 
 hated myself for wanting to believe him . 
 i crossed my arms . 
 `` i do n't exactly have much choice , do i ? '' 
 the silence in the room stretched until it felt like a sticky web against my skin . 
 finally , mom shifted on her feet again . 
 `` i really need to get going . 
 i have another few hours ahead of me before i can stop for the night . '' 
 i rocked back and forth on my heels at the thought of her out there alone , even if she was still carrying her gun . 
 i still hated her for what she 'd done , but she was my mom ... my parents made their way to the door . 
 i shuffled along behind them , arms still crossed . 
 on the porch , the heat made my skin instantly sweat , and i could feel my hair starting to frizz . 
 mom stared at me for a moment before pulling me into a tight hug . 
 i stiffened at the feel of her arms around me . 
 `` i 'll miss you , sweetie , '' she whispered in my ear . 
 she smelled of laundry soap and the lotion she always wore . 
 my eyes burned , and i pulled away from her . 
 i could n't do this right now . 
 `` try not to be too hard on your dad , '' she said with a half-hearted smile . 
 `` i 'll try to check in as much as i can . 
 once things are settled at qt , you should be safe . '' 
 `` safe from what ? 
 what are n't you guys telling me ? '' 
 she turned to dad and glanced up at him like she wanted to say something else . 
 he nodded . 
 `` you need to get on the road . 
 i 'll talk to lexie after you 're gone . '' 
 dad cupped her cheek , running a finger along her jaw . 
 `` we 'll be fine . 
 you need to take care of yourself . '' 
 he lowered his head , and i thought for a moment he was going to kiss her , but he cleared his throat and stepped away with a sideways glance at me . 
 mom smiled at both of us . 
 `` be good to each other . 
 please ? '' 
 i tried not to roll my eyes . 
 dad raised a hand as mom pulled away and then moved to stand beside me . 
 my eyes burned with the tears i held back . 
 as furious as i was with her , i did n't want her to go . 
 i did n't want her to leave me here with this stranger who was supposed to be my dad . 
 `` i know this has n't been the best day , but i 'm really happy you 're here with me . 
 i 've missed you . '' 
 he raised an arm , and i knew he was going to drape it over my shoulder . 
 i slid away from his grasp and shrugged . 
 `` wish i could say the same thing . '' 
 i tried to ignore the way dad 's tentative smile slid off his face , the way the words felt sour in my mouth . 
 he sighed and shook his head , staring down the street as mom 's car turned the corner . 
 as the one person i 'd always trusted and relied on disappeared , i clenched my fists and tried not to scream with hurt and betrayal and rage . 
 `` i know you 're upset , and i 'm sorry . 
 how about we get out of here for a while ? 
 do something different ? 
 start over ? '' 
 of course , he was trying to distract me again . 
 well i was n't going to fall for that . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you promised to tell me who you 're keeping me safe from . 
 i want the truth . '' 
 `` i 'll tell you everything after we go to quantum technologies and get your security clearance taken care of before you start on monday . '' 
 oh my god . 
 he was serious . 
 he actually expected me to go to school here . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no way . 
 i told you . 
 i 'm not staying . 
 and i 'm not going to let you lie to me any more . '' 
 i ignored the fact that i did n't exactly have any place else to go . 
 `` how about you give it a chance ? 
 just one visit ? 
 i know you 'll love it . '' 
 he gave me one of those cajoling smiles , and i frowned at him . 
 `` remember going to cosi - the center of science and industry in columbus - when you were younger ? 
 quantum technologies is like that . 
 only better than you can ever imagine . '' 
 despite my anger , my heart gave a little thump . 
 cosi had been my happy place , the place dad always took me when he came to visit . 
 i loved the hands-on experiments . 
 i loved feeling like anything was possible . 
 `` fine . 
 whatever . 
 let 's just get it over with . '' 
 i hated that i 'd let him slide out of giving me real answers , but i was just so tired of fighting . 
 he opened the door to his shiny new hybrid , and i slid into the passenger seat . 
 the air conditioning came on with a gust of cold air , and my skin burst into goosebumps . 
 dad glanced over at me and switched it off . 
 `` i forget you 're not used to the tennessee weather yet . 
 if you thought ohio was bad , just wait . 
 though i think you 've missed the worst of it with the summer being almost over . '' 
 `` glad i brought some tank tops with me . '' 
 i grimaced out the window . 
 great . 
 the only thing we had to talk about was the weather . 
 the car sped smoothly through dad 's neighborhood and out onto the highway . 
 the mountains pressed down on us , making me feel like i 'd never be able to escape . 
 slowly , the traffic disappeared , the forest thickened , and dad nodded to the scrabble of trees outside the window . 
 `` quantum technologies owns almost a thousand acres . 
 they 've left most of it wild . 
 it helps with privacy , and of course , it 's good for the environment . 
 they could have used some of the old manhattan project buildings the government abandoned - there 's still a large tech park on the other side of town - but they wanted to start fresh to make sure their work was n't tainted by association . 
 there are a lot of people still out there upset by how it was all handled . '' 
 `` the manhattan project was like fifty years ago , right ? 
 i mean , yeah , they created the atomic bomb , but really ? 
 people are still upset ? '' 
 `` it 's not so long ago if you lived through it , lex . '' 
 the road curved through the trees , and i caught a glimpse of a tall , chain-link fence . 
 we had to be getting close . 
 dad slowed the car in front of a small gatehouse , and a man in uniform stepped out to stop us even though there was no way we were getting through the story-tall , steel gate blocking our way . 
 `` afternoon , dr. kepler . '' 
 `` stevens . '' 
 dad nodded at the man , then stared into a black box stevens held up at eye level . 
 there was a flash of light and a sharp beep . 
 the man peered into the car . 
 `` and who 's your passenger ? '' 
 `` my daughter , alexa . '' 
 dad nodded at me . 
 `` she 's got general clearance , but we 're going to take care of the rest this afternoon . 
 she 'll be attending quantum high . '' 
 `` welcome to qt , alexa . 
 can you roll down your window please ? '' 
 he walked around to my side of the car and fiddled with some buttons on the back of the black box . 
 `` the bright light may sting a bit . 
 just hold still and keep your eyes open during the scan . '' 
 the size of the box , the flash of light - everything connected at once . 
 `` an iris scanner ? 
 are you using a shark-hartmann wavefront sensor array to record the images ? '' 
 i stared at him in dismay . 
 not again . 
 but stevens nodded and smiled . 
 `` just routine security . 
 everyone has one on file at qt . '' 
 he pressed the box to my eye , and i tried not to flinch at the searing green light that flashed into my eyeball for a split-second . 
 when he pulled the box away , my whole face tingled . 
 the machine gave a low , warning tone , and stevens frowned at it , tapping at a few buttons . 
 `` that 's strange . 
 it looks like alexa already has a scan on record . '' 
 dad tugged at his collar . 
 `` right . 
 well , i guess we 're all set then . '' 
 stevens nodded and stepped aside to press a button inside the little house . 
 the steel gate rolled back , and dad drove through with a wave to stevens . 
 i stared at him . 
 `` what just happened ? '' 
 `` i forgot you 'd already have a scan on file . 
 nothing to worry about . '' 
 `` and why do i have a scan on file at qt ? '' 
 as far as i knew , i 'd never been here before . 
 `` just a routine scan when you were young . '' 
 dad kept his eyes on the road and did n't look at me . 
 my gut clenched . 
 more lies . 
 what else was n't he telling me ? 
 before i could ask , we rounded a curve in the road . 
 a large , brick manor house sprawled before us , and i quirked an eyebrow . 
 that definitely was n't what i 'd been expecting . 
 it was three stories with tall , white pillars , the warm red brick glowing in the sun . 
 it looked like something that belonged on a plantation in the south , not a high-tech campus . 
 not exactly what i 'd consider cutting-edge . 
 `` that 's qt ? '' 
 but dad just smiled . 
 `` wait and see . '' 
 he pulled around to a large parking lot , and i spotted a dozen tall , thin antennas poking up into the sky from behind the building . 
 in the distance , there was some sort of bunker , its roof half-retracted to let a massive telescope view the sky . 
 now that was a little more like it . 
 dad parked the car , and i studied the house as we approached . 
 it all looked so ... homey , with the warm brick and glinting white trim . 
 even the shrubs that framed the front were neat and tidy . 
 and perfectly normal . 
 not like a place where some of the most brilliant scientists in the world created the fantastical and life-changing tech qt was reportedly known for . 
 dad pushed open the thick oak door and gestured for me to step inside . 
 i froze on the doorstep . 
 the lobby looked like something out of a sci-fi movie , all glass and metal and granite . 
 the chrome-beamed ceiling soared over a space that felt like the size of a gymnasium . 
 was the size of a gymnasium . 
 i stared at the space , then glanced out at the old-fashioned building . 
 `` it 's bigger on the inside , '' i whispered . 
 dad chuckled and ushered me into the building . 
 `` just another one of qt 's specialties . 
 spatial adjustment . 
 inside , it 's a five-story building . 
 outside , visitors only see a normal , unobtrusive house . '' 
 a guard in a neatly pressed uniform stopped us with a smile just inside the door . 
 he had a bit of a paunch and his hair was mostly white , but his eyes were still bright and curious . 
 `` is this your daughter ? 
 she looks just like you , dr. kepler . 
 but much prettier , of course . '' 
 `` thanks , sam . 
 this is lexie . '' 
 i shook the man 's hand and let him clip a badge to my t-shirt . 
 `` once you get your clearance , you wo n't need to worry about wearing a badge , '' dad explained , leading me through the lobby . 
 `` they 'll have your biostats on file , and the building will recognize you as soon as you walk in . 
 right now , though , that badge is the only thing keeping building security from immobilizing you . '' 
 i re-clipped the badge more securely to my shirt . 
 `` i 'll make sure i do n't lose it then . 
 i 'd hate to be tackled by a bunch of overweight security guards . '' 
 dad shook his head . 
 `` oh , it would n't be the guards . 
 the building itself has internal security . 
 it can freeze you in your tracks if it thinks you 're an intruder . '' 
 i stared at the slick granite floors and glass walls . 
 everything looked fairly harmless . 
 guess you could n't always judge a book by its cover . 
 `` how would that work , exactly ? '' 
 `` one word . 
 nanobots . 
 dr. rosen will explain everything . '' 
 i followed dad through a set of heavy , frosted-glass doors into another hallway . 
 people bustled back and forth wearing white lab coats and worried expressions . 
 a few nodded at dad as they passed , but most of them were too busy studying computer tablets or arguing with their colleagues . 
 there were an awful lot of people working in the middle of a saturday afternoon . 
 `` william . '' 
 a woman 's voice rang out across the lobby , and her high heels clicked as she approached . 
 she was tall and thin , with blonde hair pulled up into a bun , and she greeted us with a wide smile and a wave of her tablet . 
 `` i did n't think you 'd be back until tomorrow . '' 
 `` carla , this is my daughter lexie . 
 lex , this is my boss , dr. carla danvers . '' 
 we shook hands , her fingers cool and smooth , almost like a doll 's . 
 `` it 's a pleasure to meet you , lexie . 
 we 're very glad you decided to join us here at qt . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 i did n't like the way her blue eyes studied me . 
 as if she knew something i did n't . 
 as if she knew about my secrets . 
 how many people had dad told about the drugs ? 
 `` i figured i could get lexie 's security clearance taken care of today so she 's ready for her first day of school . 
 and show her around a bit , of course . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 dr. danvers smiled at me . 
 `` and what do you think so far ? '' 
 i glanced around at the hallway , at the scientists rushing past . 
 `` it 's very impressive . 
 and a little intimidating . '' 
 her laugh was light as she shook her head . 
 `` you 'll get used to us soon enough , my dear . 
 there 's nothing to be afraid of here . '' 
 something buzzed on her tablet . 
 `` ah , yes , we 're meeting about evan 's thermodynamic steel project in division six . 
 i should get back to my office . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow , william . 
 it was nice to meet you , lexie . 
 i look forward to hearing great things about you . '' 
 and she was off in a flash of red heels and tailored suit legs . 
 dad took my arm and led me in the opposite direction . 
 `` danvers is a whirlwind . 
 i do n't know how she gets it all done . '' 
 `` and she 's the director here ? 
 your boss ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` she 's been in charge here for the past three years . 
 her specialty is astrophysics , but she spends most of her time in meetings keeping qt running smoothly . 
 she does an amazing job , but i prefer being down in the labs . '' 
 we followed a wide corridor away from the central lobby . 
 glass walls lined the hall , with offices and lab space just behind . 
 huge computer monitors and machines i 'd never seen before guarded cluttered desks and tall stools . 
 people in lab coats were hunched over tablets at their desks or staring at computer images of readouts and formulas i could n't even begin to make out . 
 `` these are the low-security labs . 
 mostly mathematics , engineering , and general chemistry . 
 the really interesting labs are down several levels in the high-security areas . '' 
 dad led me to an elevator at the end of the hall . 
 `` clearance office is on the second floor . '' 
 i nodded and stepped into the elevator - then jumped as a disembodied voice asked , `` what floor , dr. kepler ? '' 
 `` two , please , ellie . '' 
 dad 's eyes gleamed . 
 `` qt is one of the leaders in artificial intelligence . 
 this was one of their first attempts . '' 
 i nodded and stared at the elevator panel . 
 this place was amazing . 
 and as angry and hurt as i was with my parents , i could n't help the flicker of excitement from my inner geek with all this amazing technology . 
 being into science had helped me feel closer to both of my parents . 
 it had almost made me feel like dad and i had something in common to talk about during his infrequent visits . 
 something to impress him with . 
 and mom had always encouraged me , too , and had even talked about me going to her alma mater , mit . 
 that all seemed so long ago now . 
 like it had happened to a different person . 
 i clenched my fists . 
 if dad got his way , i 'd be going to school here . 
 i would actually have a chance to really learn this stuff . 
 to show both mom and dad that i was smart enough . 
 to show myself i was smart enough . 
 my gaze narrowed as i studied the elevator panel . 
 most elevators stopped at the ground floor , but this one had buttons all the way to negative twelve . 
 `` are there really twelve floors below ground level ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` plus the five stories above . 
 it 's a big facility . '' 
 i swallowed . 
 it was going to be impossible to find my way around qt . 
 the elevator dinged , and the voice said , `` have a nice day , dr. kepler . '' 
 i glanced up at the ceiling where a black , glass eye watched us and shook my head before we stepped out into a wide open area dotted with tables and groups of chairs . 
 dad gestured to the empty space . 
 `` this is one of the study areas in the facility . 
 during the school year , it 's mostly used by students . 
 a lot of the classrooms are on this level . '' 
 i followed my dad down yet another hall to a suite of offices . 
 `` most of the spaces above ground have limited security , '' he continued . 
 `` we have a lot of contractors , visitors , and dignitaries who come to visit , so most of these floors are considered public use . 
 it 's the stuff downstairs we need to get your clearance for . '' 
 he smiled at me . 
 `` i have two offices : one up here where i have meetings and the office on the sixth floor downstairs , where i do my actual work . '' 
 dad pressed his thumb into the scanner on one of the heavy wooden doors , and it beeped once before swinging open . 
 `` here we are . '' 
 he gestured , and i entered the room before him . 
 it was sleek and high-tech - totally the opposite of my dad 's messy personality . 
 but if it was just for show , i guess it made sense . 
 i picked up the nameplate on the desk . 
 `` assistant director william kepler . 
 dad , did you get a promotion ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` came through last month . 
 i forgot to tell you about it . '' 
 hurt stabbed through me . 
 `` that 's great , dad . '' 
 i dropped the heavy metal nameplate back on the desk and moved to look out the window . 
 i hated that my own father forgot to tell me about things like a promotion . 
 then again , i did n't know why i was surprised . 
 he 'd lied about bigger things than that . 
 `` nice view . '' 
 i looked out at the foothills of the appalachian mountains , covered in a swath of green from the forest below . 
 clouds raced across the blue sky of a perfect summer 's day . 
 dad came to stand next to me , and he looked out in silence for a moment . 
 `` i do n't get to enjoy this view nearly enough . 
 usually too busy . 
 but you 're right - i need to be better at noticing those things . '' 
 he frowned at me , and i knew he was thinking of our relationship . 
 `` that 's going to change . 
 i promise . 
 now , let 's get you over to the med wing and start the clearance process . '' 
 we made it to the other side of the building without running into anyone else . 
 dad led me through a heavy glass door marked medical offices and smiled at the receptionist . 
 `` dr. kepler and alexa here for dr. rosen . '' 
 she nodded and picked up the phone while dad and i headed toward the back of the office . 
 a door at the end of the hall opened , and a heavy-set man with messy hair stepped out to greet us . 
 my head spun , and i felt like someone had jolted me with electricity . 
 i knew him . 
 `` william , did we have an appointment ? 
 who 's this ? '' 
 his bushy eyebrows furrowed , and then his expression lightened . 
 `` well , i 'll be ... is this lexie ? 
 all grown up ? 
 i 'm not sure if you remember me ... '' i could only nod . 
 he was the doctor i 'd seen when i was five when i 'd taken all those tests and started my supposed adhd meds . 
 i 'd been bored and scared in the cold , stark doctor 's office , but he 'd given me candy and talked to me while we waited . 
 i ignored the strange , metallic tang in my mouth and forced a smile . 
 `` it 's nice to see you again . '' 
 `` ten years , but it seems like just yesterday you were in my office . '' 
 `` getting drugged . 
 yeah , i remember . '' 
 his face darkened , the soft skin of his jowls moving as he shook his head . 
 `` i 'm sorry , lexie . 
 your dad said he was going to tell you about the medication today . 
 are you upset ? '' 
 the skin around his dark eyes wrinkled with his frown . 
 `` would n't you be ? '' 
 i snapped . 
 my dad shook his head . 
 `` lexie , watch your tone of voice . '' 
 `` it 's okay , will . 
 i 'd be angry , too . '' 
 dr. rosen nodded and looked me directly in the eye . 
 none of this shifty-glance thing my parents had tried with me lately . 
 `` i 'm sorry for what happened . 
 i do n't expect you to trust me , but i would like for us to be friends again someday . '' 
 i did n't know what to say . 
 i guess he 'd just been doing his job . 
 it was n't dr. rosen 's fault mom and dad had lied to me . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` it all happened a long time ago . 
 let 's just forget it . '' 
 relief lit his face , and he rubbed a hand against the sandpaper of his jaw . 
 `` good . 
 now , let 's get the rest of the clearance process taken care of . 
 come on in . '' 
 he gestured to the door and i climbed onto the paper-covered exam table . 
 `` will , have a seat in the waiting room . 
 we 'll be out in a minute . '' 
 dad nodded . 
 `` you going to be okay , lex ? '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` of course . 
 i 'm not five anymore . '' 
 he smiled , almost sadly . 
 `` right . 
 sometimes i forget . '' 
 then he shut the door behind him . 
 dr. rosen pulled back the cloth covering a series of sharp needles and three vials of liquid . 
 `` your dad 's really missed you . '' 
 i 'd missed him , too , but i was still too angry at all his lies to go down that road right now . 
 i nodded toward the needles . 
 `` what are those for exactly ? '' 
 he picked up a vial of light green liquid . 
 `` this is filled with nanobots . 
 once implanted , they 'll register your dna with our security system . 
 they 've been specially engineered to replicate the building structure and make you ` invisible ' to the system . 
 anyone who does n't have these little guys or a guest badge will be immobilized as soon as they step foot into the building . '' 
 i eyed the liquid with a frown . 
 i did n't exactly like the idea of millions of little robots floating around my blood stream . 
 dr. rosen caught my expression . 
 `` you wo n't be stuck with them for life . 
 they 'll be completely out of your system in twelve months . 
 you get a new injection as part of your yearly review . 
 and we 've seen very few side effects . 
 we 've been using them safely here for over ten years . '' 
 `` is it going to hurt ? '' 
 `` not at all . 
 all you 'll feel is a small poke . 
 the other two vials are vaccines . 
 qt does some interesting experiments , and we want you to be safe if anything happens . '' 
 he saw my raised eyebrows and smiled . 
 `` not that it ever has . 
 we have an amazing safety record , lexie . 
 you 'll be just fine . '' 
 fine . 
 that 's what they 'd said the last time they 'd pumped me full of drugs . 
 and as soon as those nanobots were in my blood , i 'd be officially a part of qt . 
 was i ready for that ? 
 i closed my eyes and tried to push away the panic that turned my fingers to ice . 
 i did n't exactly have any other options . 
 so i let him jab and prod me , take my temperature , record my blood pressure and vitals . 
 i winced as the needle approached my arm . 
 shots freaked me out . 
 luckily , dr. rosen had done this a few times before , and i barely felt it . 
 i did n't even need a band-aid when he was through . 
 `` and we 're done , '' said dr. rosen . 
 `` now , you need to register with the security office . 
 the nanobots will take twenty-four hours to scan and register your dna into the security system once they 're activated . 
 you 'll be cleared in time for classes next week . '' 
 he opened the door and led me out to the waiting room where dad was in the middle of a conversation with ... nobody . 
 `` i 'm not done here yet . 
 lexie has to finish up her clearance process ... '' he paused , nodded like he was listening to something . 
 i looked for an earpiece to a cell phone or something , but there was nothing . 
 `` we 're with rosen . 
 yes . 
 very well - we 'll be there in a few minutes . '' 
 dad sighed and pressed the skin under his left ear before turning to dr. rosen and me . 
 `` danvers wants us in her office . 
 evidently , avery is at it again . 
 she needs to do some damage control . '' 
 he frowned at me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , lex . 
 if you 'll just wait in my office for a while , i 'll get your clearance finished up later . '' 
 `` um , dad ? 
 who were you talking to ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` intraocular cellular implant . 
 wireless phone capabilities . 
 basically , i have ... '' `` an implant in your inner ear that works like a cell phone ! 
 that 's so cool ! '' 
 despite myself , i felt a buzz of excitement . 
 this place was astounding , and even though i still was n't on board with being forced to attend school here , the possibility of getting my hands on some of this tech made me drool . 
 at columbus high , i 'd never let my geek-flag fly . 
 i 'd learned early that a girl being too good at math and science was likely to get my locker super-glued shut . 
 but there 'd be no need to hide my nerdy tendencies here . 
 if i stayed . 
 `` when do i get mine ? '' 
 dad chuckled . 
 `` they 're still experimental . 
 maybe in a few years . '' 
 dr. rosen frowned for a moment . 
 `` how about i get asher to take lexie to the security office while we go meet with danvers ? 
 would that help ? '' 
 `` is he around ? 
 that 's a great idea . '' 
 rosen pressed below his ear like dad had and waited , his eyes going vacant as he listened to something only he could hear . 
 `` asher , we need you down in the med office . 
 can you make it ? '' 
 his lips twitched at something asher said . 
 `` yes . 
 joan 's upgrades can wait . '' 
 he pressed the communicator off . 
 `` he 'll be here in a few minutes . 
 so , william , what 's avery got himself into this time ? 
 angry husband ? 
 sexual harassment charge ? '' 
 i curled one leg beneath me and sank into one of the waiting room chairs as dad and dr. rosen gossiped . 
 sometimes men were even worse than high school girls . 
 i killed time scanning through magazine articles until the door opened . 
 i looked up from the magazine as a guy my age entered . 
 it was n't hard to tell he was dr. rosen 's son . 
 he had the same dark hair , tousled like he 'd run his hands through it a few too many times , and his eyes were the same shape , with the same crinkle around the edges when he smiled . 
 but instead of brown like dr. rosen 's , his were a startling shade of blue that made me think of the sky at dawn . 
 he wore a gray t-shirt with `` got science ? '' 
 scrawled across the front . 
 it clung to his unexpectedly muscled arms and chest . 
 were all the science geeks at qt this cute ? 
 because , if so , i could totally get used to that . 
 dr. rosen looked up . 
 `` ah , there you are . 
 lexie , this is my son , asher . '' 
 asher smiled at me . 
 `` fresh from ohio , i hear . '' 
 dear god . 
 the guy was good-looking to begin with , but when he smiled ... i blinked and forced myself not to stare . 
 `` yep . 
 just got here this morning . '' 
 `` welcome to qt . 
 always good to have another kepler brain in the building . '' 
 i got to my feet . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 he tilted his head to the side and studied me for one long moment before frowning . 
 my stomach twisted . 
 did i have food on my face ? 
 was my eyeliner smudged ? 
 `` something wrong ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 he shook his head again . 
 `` i just thought ... never mind . '' 
 dr. rosen shook his head . 
 `` asher spends a little too much time with the robots some days . 
 i think he forgets how to interact with people . '' 
 asher flushed a dull red and glared at his father . 
 `` anyway , let 's get going . 
 i 'll show you to the security office and have you finish the paper work for your clearance . '' 
 he gestured to the door . 
 `` after you , lexie . '' 
 i shoved my hands into the pockets of my jeans and moved stiffly past him . 
 the scent of his cologne washed over me , and my knees went weak . 
 great . 
 not only was he hot , but he smelled good , too . 
 my tongue felt suddenly thick in my mouth . 
 how was i ever going to think of anything to say to the guy ? 
 small talk was not my thing . 
 `` i 'll meet you in my office when i 'm done with dr. danvers , '' dad called as he and dr. rosen headed toward her office . 
 i nodded and followed asher in the opposite direction . 
 `` security is just down here . '' 
 he led me past the quiet study space i 'd seen earlier . 
 the only sound was the tapping of our footsteps against the marble floors . 
 each step made my mind race even harder to think of something to say that would n't sound stupid . 
 if i could just come up with a witty statement or a brilliant observation , maybe i could start off on the right foot here at qt . 
 `` so , um ... quantum technologies makes hoverboards , huh ? '' 
 evidently , my talent was n't in coming up with witty one-liners . 
 asher looked at me from the corner of his eye . 
 `` among other things . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` not sure what my dad said about me , but really , there 's no need to be intimidated . 
 i 'm just the resident genius . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow at him , shocked out of my embarrassment . 
 `` modest , too , i see . '' 
 he gave me a cheeky smile . 
 `` what does modesty have to do with it ? 
 it 's a fact - just check my file . '' 
 i smiled back despite myself . 
 the guy was n't boasting . 
 he seriously believed it was true . 
 `` what does the resident genius do around here besides show newbies around ? '' 
 keep it cool , kepler . 
 it 's just small talk . 
 `` a little of this , a little of that . 
 i specialize in robotics and computers . 
 most of it is classified , and until you get your clearance , i really ca n't say . '' 
 `` ah , so you 're a tease , too , then ? '' 
 `` always . '' 
 asher grinned , and we walked a few more steps in silence . 
 `` i heard you 've been at public school . '' 
 he said `` public '' like it was a dirty word . 
 i frowned . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i 've just never met anyone who went to one . 
 i ca n't even imagine what it would be like . 
 most of us have been here since the beginning . '' 
 he gave me that weird look again , and i felt myself go defensive . 
 `` not exactly my fault . 
 i went where my parents sent me . '' 
 and if my parents had been honest with me earlier , i would have been here with everyone else . 
 i pushed down the anger at them that still simmered so close to the surface . 
 it had nothing to do with this guy . 
 `` i 'm sorry - i did n't mean to be rude . 
 i just wondered . 
 it 's ... unusual for qt students . 
 but i wanted to offer my services if you need any help . 
 i could show you the ropes , introduce you around . '' 
 my heart skipped a beat , the anger dimming at the brightness of his smile . 
 if i had to go to this school , at least things might be looking up . 
 `` that would be really great . 
 you have no idea how nervous i am at starting . '' 
 `` i bet . 
 just a friendly warning ? 
 our classmates take themselves very seriously . '' 
 `` oh ? 
 how so ? '' 
 `` succeeding at qt is a matter of life and death to most of these kids . 
 they think the work they do here will determine their futures . 
 they 're not going to go out of their way to be friends with you , especially if you ca n't keep up . '' 
 that was the problem . 
 i did n't know if i could keep up . 
 sure , i had weird , freaky moments when i knew something i should n't have or my brain made some crazy leap to find an answer , but now that i knew i 'd never really used my full potential , how did that translate to learning physics and robotics and engineering ? 
 i squared my shoulders and looked asher in the eye , sounding a hell of a lot braver than i felt . 
 `` then i do n't need them as friends . '' 
 his smile was almost proud . 
 `` i like you , lexie kepler . '' 
 5 monday morning , i stared up at the friendly , brick manor that held the quantum technologies facility . 
 the windows glowed in the late august sunlight , but i was too busy trying to remember how to breathe to admire it . 
 i forced the air in and out of my lungs . 
 the last thing i needed was to have a panic attack my first day of school . 
 i 'd gotten a text from mom that morning . 
 she said she was safe and not to worry , she just wanted to wish me good luck today . 
 she 'd apologized again for lying . 
 for leaving me with dad . 
 i had n't forgiven her yet , but i could n't help but miss her . 
 she was my mom . 
 she 'd been there for every first day of school . 
 it did n't help that dad and i were still barely talking . 
 every time he opened his mouth , all i heard were more lies . 
 fear and doubt had kept me awake most of the night , circling through my head like hungry vultures . 
 most of my classes back home had been advanced placement , but these kids were geniuses . 
 they 'd probably learned particle physics and quantum mechanics in kindergarten . 
 i pushed those thoughts away and focused on not puking up my breakfast . 
 `` coming , lex ? '' 
 dad held the door open for me . 
 i stepped through the door and the crisp , air-conditioned breeze made me glad i 'd grabbed a sweater , although i shivered despite it , wrapping my arms around my waist . 
 `` good morning , dr. kepler . 
 lexie . '' 
 sam , the guard at the desk , waved us through , and dad punched the call button for the elevator . 
 `` classes at qt are a little different from what you 're used to . 
 we do n't have grades exactly - we have levels . 
 and because quantum high is so small , each level only has around thirty students . 
 they 've put you in level two - so really , you 're still a sophomore . '' 
 dad flashed me a smile , like he thought it was a good thing . 
 frankly , i would n't have minded starting out at level one with how stupid i felt . 
 `` that 's not exactly helping . 
 i do n't even know how to compete with these kids . 
 are they college level ? 
 beyond ? '' 
 he furrowed his eyebrows . 
 `` i suppose most of these students would be at a graduate school level , but the qt school is different from most , so it 's hard to judge . 
 you might be behind for a little while , but i 'm sure you 'll catch up in no time . '' 
 the elevator opened , and we stepped inside . 
 `` good morning , dr. kepler . 
 good morning , lexie . '' 
 the voice almost made me jump out of my skin and i glanced up at the ceiling , but dad did n't even blink . 
 `` good morning , ellie . 
 two , please . '' 
 dad frowned and shifted his weight . 
 `` your advisor for the year is dr. michael avery . 
 he 's very smart , but he can be ... eccentric . 
 just stand up to him and you 'll be fine . '' 
 the name rang a bell , and i remembered he was the same guy dad and dr. rosen had been talking about the other day . 
 the one in trouble . 
 i raised an eyebrow , but he did n't elaborate . 
 instead , he said , `` in the meantime , i 'll see what else i can come up with to help you get caught up . '' 
 dad put an arm around my shoulders and squeezed . 
 `` you 'll be fine lex . 
 i promise . 
 the kids here are all nice . 
 nothing to worry about . '' 
 tell that to my stomach . 
 but i wanted dad to think everything was fine . 
 that i could handle it . 
 `` nah , i 'm sure everyone will welcome me like a long-lost friend . 
 we 'll be one big , happy nerd herd . '' 
 we got out at the second floor , and dad tilted his head to stare at me . 
 evidently , i needed to tone down the sarcasm . 
 `` want me to walk you to your classroom ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 everyone already knew i was dr. kepler 's daughter . 
 i did n't need to rub it in . 
 `` i 'll meet you in the library after your classes are over . 
 we 'll grab dinner . '' 
 i turned down the hall and raised a hand . 
 `` see you tonight . '' 
 dad nodded , but i could feel his gaze on me as i made the trek toward my classroom . 
 the door seemed further and further away with each step , and i let out a sigh of relief when i finally turned the corner out of his sight . 
 the weight of his worry was rubbing off , and i did n't need to feel any worse than i already did . 
 i adjusted my messenger bag on my shoulder and wiped my sweating palms on my jeans before i stepped into the room . 
 the blank stares of twenty other students greeted me . 
 they looked like any other kids at any other high school , but i knew they were smarter than most of the world 's population . 
 i sat down at the long conference table filling the room . 
 nervous laughter bubbled to my lips , and i shifted in the chair to pull my tablet out of my bag . 
 freaking out was not an option . 
 i needed to focus on something else before i embarrassed myself . 
 i pretended to check email while sneaking glances around the room to get my bearings . 
 the place looked more like a boardroom than a classroom . 
 there was a huge whiteboard at one end , and a buffet table with orange juice , water , and coffee set out at the other . 
 a few more students trickled in , looked curiously at me , and took a seat as far away from me as possible . 
 my hands trembled , and i clenched them together . 
 asher was right . 
 these people did n't want anything to do with me . 
 but i 'd learned early on at my old high school to show no fear or they 'd eat you alive . 
 so i pasted a bored expression to my face and played a game on my tablet . 
 that way i did n't have to meet anyone 's gaze . 
 a pretty girl with dark skin and springy curls slid into the chair beside me , and hope made my pulse speed up . 
 her backpack was almost bigger than she was , and she kicked at it so it would fit under the conference table before turning to me . 
 `` you 're the new girl . '' 
 it was n't a question , but i looked up from my game and nodded anyway . 
 `` i 'm lexie . '' 
 `` zella wheeler . '' 
 she dropped her tablet on the table and inspected me like she expected horns to sprout from my head . 
 `` is it true you went to public school ? '' 
 `` until last week . '' 
 she shook her head , and her brown eyes narrowed . 
 `` crazy . 
 i do n't know how they think you 're going to keep up . 
 are you some sort of genius or something ? '' 
 i blinked at her hostile tone . 
 `` i 'm just here to learn like everyone else . '' 
 she smirked . 
 `` obviously not like everyone else , or you would have started here a long time ago . '' 
 zella turned away to talk to the girl sitting on her other side and started asking about her summer . 
 i caught snatches about switzerland and the large hadron collider and particle physics , but most of it did n't make much sense . 
 i tried to ignore her and went back to my game , but every few seconds , i could feel her look at me , hear the whispers and giggles . 
 tightness gathered in my chest , and sweat beaded on my skin . 
 i was not going to have a panic attack on my first day . 
 i forced myself to breathe in and out . 
 slowly . 
 someone sat down in the seat on my right , but i did n't bother to look up . 
 i needed to get my freak-out under control before i bolted from the room . 
 `` you 're dr. kepler 's daughter , right ? '' 
 i finally looked up to find a guy smiling at me . 
 a sandy beard shadowed his jaw , but it was too thin and scraggly to do anything more than make him seem really young . 
 his brown eyes were kind , with none of the hostility i 'd seen in everyone else 's . 
 he held out a hand . 
 `` i 'm max von neumann . 
 pleased to meet you . '' 
 i shook it , hoping he did n't feel how clammy mine was . 
 `` lexie . '' 
 `` right . 
 i knew it was something like that . 
 i 'm horrible with names . 
 so , first day , huh ? 
 how 's it going ? '' 
 i looked around the room , not sure how honest to be . 
 `` too early to tell ? '' 
 max laughed . 
 `` let me guess - nobody 's exactly happy to see you ? 
 they 'll warm up in a few days . 
 they 're all too freaked out about you being kepler 's kid and stealing their spotlight . 
 once you get to know them , they 're all right . '' 
 `` i 'll take your word for it . '' 
 i did n't feel like much of a threat to anyone . 
 i tucked my thick hair behind my ears , where it promptly slid back out . 
 i should have worn it pulled back like usual , but i 'd wanted to hide behind it today . 
 `` so why is everyone freaked out i 'm a kepler ? '' 
 on my other side , zella had stopped talking and was pretending not to listen to our conversation . 
 max 's eyes widened . 
 `` your dad is a genius . 
 his latest project on developing a new electromagnetic process for fueling space travel was amazing . 
 everyone here is dying to work with him on a rotation . '' 
 i pursed my lips . 
 something else dad had neglected to tell me . 
 though i suppose i should have guessed , with his promotion to assistant director and all . 
 i leaned closer , hoping no one else would hear me . 
 `` stupid question , but what 's a rotation ? 
 dad said it would be different from what i was used to back home , but i 'm just not getting it yet . '' 
 there was a long pause as max stared blankly at me , and then he pulled himself together . 
 `` right . 
 so qt believes in holistic teaching . 
 instead of history and english and physics and math all being separate , they 're combined into modules . 
 we break into teams to work on a project for ten weeks and learn all those things at once . '' 
 `` i bet you guys get to work on some pretty cool stuff . '' 
 max nodded . 
 `` yeah , we have a different staff mentor each year who helps us with the projects , and we 're given access to whatever labs in the facility we need to finish our research . '' 
 he smiled shyly . 
 `` it would be awesome if you were in my group . '' 
 on the other side of me , zella snorted and turned away . 
 i did n't think max had heard her , but he leaned around me . 
 `` what 's the problem ? 
 afraid lexie 's going to show you up ? '' 
 she whipped back around to glare at him . 
 `` as if i have to worry about her . 
 she 's probably never even heard of quantum mechanics . '' 
 the fear coiled inside me snapped like a rubber band , and i raised my chin . 
 `` do you secretly kick puppies in your spare time ? '' 
 zella smirked at me like i was an idiot , but i continued . 
 `` i 'm just curious if your mean girl persona is limited to the new kids on the block or if you attack other hapless creatures , too . '' 
 `` hapless creatures . 
 love it . '' 
 max laughed and clapped me on the back . 
 `` i think you 're going to fit in here just fine , lexie . '' 
 zella glared before turning her back on us with a sniff . 
 i clenched my hands together in my lap . 
 if my new classmates were already looking for weaknesses , maybe standing up to zella was the only way to win their approval . 
 maybe the only way to make it here was to stop hiding and embrace the new me . 
 whoever that was . 
 someone across the room shouted , `` hey , there 's asher ! 
 we can finally get started . '' 
 my gaze flew to the doorway where asher rosen stood , surveying the room like he was the king and we were all his subjects . 
 `` good morning , fellow geniuses ! '' 
 people waved at him and cat-called before going back to their conversations . 
 asher 's steady gaze turned to me . 
 his dark hair was messy , like he 'd just crawled out of bed , and he had another science shirt on . 
 this one said , `` obey gravity . 
 it 's the law . '' 
 i tried to focus on the words and not the way it clung to his muscled chest , but i frowned as my pulse sped up . 
 i had enough to worry about . 
 i did not have time to crush on boys right now . 
 and then a thought hit me . 
 oh god . 
 had he heard my outburst ? 
 he tilted his head with a mock expression of hurt . 
 `` you do n't look very happy to see me , lexie . '' 
 luckily , before i had to come up with an answer , a tall man with blond hair appeared behind asher . 
 `` mr. rosen , would you please stop flirting with the new girl and take your seat ? 
 i 'm sure there will be plenty of opportunities for that later . '' 
 my face flamed with heat , and i dropped my head to stare at my tablet . 
 flirting with me ? 
 only in my dreams . 
 but i was all-too aware of asher as he dropped into the seat across from me and leaned his head on one elbow . 
 his gorgeous blue eyes drifted shut . 
 `` good morning , folks . '' 
 the teacher stood at the head of the table and surveyed us with a smirk . 
 `` today , we 're going to get our group and project assignments for the first module of the semester . 
 but first , i think we should introduce ourselves to our new classmate . 
 it 's been a long time since we 've had fresh blood here at qt . '' 
 his eyes drifted down to the v-neck of my shirt . 
 i fought not to cross my arms over my chest and tried to maintain eye contact with him . 
 eccentric ? 
 really , dad ? 
 the guy was a creep . 
 `` i 'm dr. michael avery , head of the astrophysics lab . 
 i 'll be your advisor for level two . 
 my offices are on the third floor ; feel free to drop by if you ever need anything . 
 and you 're alexa kepler , right ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` lexie . '' 
 `` very pretty name . 
 now , let 's go around the table . 
 everyone , introduce yourself . '' 
 he gave the room a once-over , paying special attention to several of the pretty girls who sat near the head of the table . 
 ewww . 
 there were only twenty-five of them , but it felt like a hundred as they said their names , challenging me to remember , to be good enough to join them . 
 asher winked as he introduced himself , and i had to look away , hoping he would n't see my cheeks turn pink . 
 we were almost through the introductions when a girl darted into the room , her long blonde hair swinging behind her . 
 `` sorry i 'm late , '' she called . 
 `` overslept . 
 still on japan time . '' 
 she shoved asher 's legs off the chair beside him and grinned . 
 `` thanks for saving me a seat . '' 
 he reconfigured his slouch so his legs now stretched out in front of him under the table . 
 `` did n't think you were getting back until tomorrow . '' 
 `` mom cut the trip short . 
 she did n't want me to miss the first week of school . 
 you know how she is . '' 
 her eyes ran up and down his lean frame . 
 `` looks like you got some sun this summer . 
 looks good on you . '' 
 at the front of the room , dr. avery cleared his throat . 
 i expected him to be annoyed , but he looked as enthralled as the rest of the male population in the room . 
 `` miss green ? 
 we 're just introducing ourselves to dr. kepler 's daughter . '' 
 she turned , her eyes widening as she spotted me across the table . 
 `` oh , i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm amy green . 
 nice to meet you . '' 
 her words seemed genuine enough , and i forced my own smile to mirror hers . 
 `` lexie kepler . '' 
 dr. avery picked up his tablet and flipped through several screens . 
 `` now that we 're done with introductions , i 'm emailing your groups and project assignments right now . 
 please break into your teams , and we 'll get started . '' 
 twenty-five tablets dinged as we all got dr. avery 's email . 
 i tapped the screen and opened my account . 
 my lips parted in dismay at the names of my group-mates : max von neumann . 
 zella wheeler . 
 asher rosen . 
 amy green . 
 oh , this was going to be fun . 
 i looked up to find asher smirking at me , and i quickly dropped my gaze back to my tablet . 
 as i read dr. avery 's email , i tried to fight the sinking feeling of dread . 
 project group : ultraviolet catastrophe . 
 task : recreate planck and einstein 's experiments to discover why blackbody radiation does not cause an ultraviolet catastrophe . 
 please discuss the boltzmann constant , planck 's constant , and the average probability of finding ultraviolet photons in the spectrum range of electromagnetic energy for a specific temperature and wavelength . 
 yeah . 
 the words were there , but they made no sense . 
 i 'd taken an introductory physics class last year as a freshman , but we 'd learned about the basics of velocity and the fundamental laws . 
 my fingers tightened on my tablet . 
 this was all my parents ' fault . 
 if they had n't tried to keep my intelligence secret , i would n't be in this situation . 
 i 'd have known these kids since i was little . 
 i 'd already fit in . 
 i 'd already know who the hell planck was . 
 my tablet trembled in my hands , and max leaned over . 
 i caught a whiff of the same laundry detergent mom usually used , and a pang of homesickness shot through me . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i snapped , then immediately felt guilty . 
 max was the only person who 'd been nice to me so far today . 
 i smiled at him weakly . 
 `` sorry . 
 i 'm just a little stressed out . 
 first day and all . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 but i 'm glad we 're in the same group . 
 i 'll help you out as much as i can . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 i appreciate it . '' 
 he leaned in , bumping his shoulder into mine . 
 `` anything for the new girl . '' 
 amy pulled her chair around to our side of the table and winked at max . 
 `` you move fast , my friend . '' 
 red stained his cheeks , and he deliberately stared down at his tablet . 
 `` it 's her first day . 
 i 'm just trying to be nice . '' 
 `` and i 'm so glad , '' i said impulsively . 
 i knew amy was just joking with him , but i did n't want him to feel bad . 
 zella sniffed and looked past me like i was n't even there . 
 `` um , we have a project to work on - can we get started already ? 
 or did you want to flirt with the new girl some more , max ? '' 
 he glared at her , and the tension between them hummed so loudly i thought zella was going to leap out of her chair at him . 
 asher waved a hand between them and plopped down in the last empty seat . 
 `` calm down , children . 
 let 's not fight . '' 
 he leaned back and crossed his arms . 
 `` where do we start with this project ? '' 
 zella ignored everyone but asher . 
 `` i think we should first start with the historical explanation of the ultraviolet catastrophe and then move into the scientific formulas for disproving it after we create a frame for the discussion . '' 
 `` divide and conquer then ? '' 
 he asked , arching his eyebrow . 
 `` and how do you propose splitting up the group ? '' 
 i might not have been up on my physics terms yet , but i had some mad research skills . 
 `` i can get started on the research if you want . '' 
 zella still refused to look at me and instead tapped some notes into her tablets . 
 `` that would probably be best . 
 dr. kepler 's daughter should n't tax her public-school brain too much . '' 
 max 's head snapped up , and he glared at her again . 
 `` zella , stop acting like a bitch . 
 it 's not lexie 's fault she just started at qt this year . 
 i 'm sure dr. kepler had a good reason for not enrolling her . '' 
 i could practically see the flames coming from zella 's ears . 
 `` and it 's not my fault i got stuck in a group with someone who wo n't be able to pull her own weight . 
 i refuse to let her affect my grade . '' 
 my jaw dropped , and it took me exactly three seconds to decide i was not going to put up with her shit . 
 i clenched my hands and tried to keep the tremble out of my voice . 
 `` i 'm not the freaking invisible man . 
 i 'm sitting right here . 
 and you know what ? 
 i 'm about as happy as you are that we 're in the same group , so knock it off . 
 i 'll do my best , but it 's going to take me a while to get used to how you do things here . '' 
 she shrugged , nose still in the air . 
 `` if i do n't get top grades , i 'm blaming it on you , and i have no problem making sure everyone knows it . 
 from what i hear , you 're only here on probation anyway . 
 dr. danvers will kick you out if you ca n't handle it - kepler or not . '' 
 `` enough . '' 
 max got to his feet , his eyes narrowed and angry . 
 `` come on , lexie . 
 let 's go get started on the research . 
 the three of you can figure out what else needs to be done . '' 
 zella shook her head , her face hardening into a mask . 
 beside her , asher still lounged in his chair , feet outstretched , but his shoulders were tense as he glanced between max , zella , and me . 
 something like guilt flashed in his eyes before he looked away . 
 so much for him going out of his way to make me feel welcome here . 
 amy was the only one who smiled at me as max grabbed my bag and swung it over his shoulder with his own . 
 `` nice to meet you , lexie , '' she said . 
 `` i 'm glad we 're on the same team . '' 
 6 max and i made our way to the third-floor library . 
 he pressed a thumb to the print scanner , and the door swung open . 
 thick scientific tomes lined the walls , but they were only there as decoration . 
 my eyes widened as i recognized the ultra high-tech computers that made up the real core of the room . 
 i 'd read about them online . 
 they were super-fast , super-quiet , and linked to every scientific journal , library , newspaper , and article hub in the world . 
 my muscles still quivered at zella 's unexpected bitchiness , and i shoved the heavy door out of my way harder than i intended . 
 it slammed against the wall , and the librarian glared at me , putting a finger to her lips . 
 i froze . 
 her finger was made of metal . 
 `` a robot librarian ? '' 
 max nodded . 
 `` joan . 
 one of the first-generation prototypes . 
 she 's fantastic if you have a general idea of what you need to research but do n't know where to start . 
 her brain contains the entire library of congress . '' 
 `` of course it does . '' 
 she looked almost human . 
 her face was covered with some sort of synthetic skin , and her short brown bob was neatly styled . 
 if it had n't been for the metal arms , i would never have guessed she was a computer on legs . 
 unfortunately , i was still too angry at zella to be excited about it . 
 max led me to an alcove near the window and opened his laptop , but i could n't let it go . 
 `` what 's zella 's problem anyway ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` what did i do to piss her off ? '' 
 max sighed and rubbed his scruffy chin . 
 `` zella 's the worst kind of overachiever . 
 her parents expect perfect grades and top honors for each module . 
 i know they do it because they love her and want her to be the best , but it 's kind of turned her into a monster . 
 her only focus is grades . 
 she 's been top of our class for three years now . 
 well , almost top . 
 asher 's been first since forever . 
 no one tries to compete with him anymore . '' 
 `` sounds like fun . '' 
 i was going to have to work my ass off to even manage a passing grade . 
 `` what about asher then ? 
 what 's his deal ? '' 
 max rolled his eyes . 
 `` asher 's asher . 
 he 's a genius , and he never lets us forget it . 
 though it 's not like he needs to try . 
 everyone already knows how smart he is . '' 
 max typed a password into his laptop . 
 `` just a warning ? 
 he 's hooked up with most of the girls at qt in our age range . 
 not sure how he finds the time to date and stay at the top of the class , but whatever . 
 he likes them cute and smart , so you 're bound to be on his wish list . '' 
 heat flooded my cheeks at his backhanded compliment , but max did n't seem to even realize what he 'd said . 
 `` thanks for the compliment , but i have no intention of becoming asher rosen 's next conquest . '' 
 no matter how much his smile made my stomach flip . 
 `` but wait , are you saying you do n't date ? '' 
 max was cute in the boy-next-door kind of way , with his friendly brown eyes and his scruffy beard . 
 there had to be plenty of girls who liked him . 
 he shifted in his chair and looked away . 
 `` i do n't think you fully understand the joy that is qt . 
 i 've gone to school with most of these kids since i was five . 
 i 've had classes with the same thirty kids year after year . 
 we all had a phase where everyone was hooking up with everyone else , but once we realized there was no escaping if it ended badly , it all pretty much stopped . '' 
 max used the bottom of his shirt to polish his laptop screen and did n't meet my gaze . 
 `` so , yeah , you could say the guys were pretty excited to hear dr. kepler had a daughter and she was coming to qt . '' 
 really ? 
 could have fooled me . 
 and then his words sank in . 
 `` wait . 
 nobody knew about me before this ? 
 did n't my dad ever talk about his family ? '' 
 max tugged at the neck of his shirt . 
 `` it 's not like he talks about much besides work . 
 do n't take it personally . 
 he 's a busy guy . '' 
 i slouched in front of one of the computers and crossed my arms as if it would stop the ache filling my chest . 
 not only had dad abandoned me and lied to me , but he 'd also pretended i did n't exist . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to upset you . '' 
 max looked genuinely concerned . 
 `` it 's not you . 
 it 's my dad . '' 
 i blinked back the moisture in my eyes . 
 i was not going to spend my first day at qt crying in the library . 
 he nodded . 
 `` it 's tough when they 're so focused on work . 
 my dad 's actually stationed in oregon at another qt facility for a few months . 
 we were supposed to go visit this summer , but mom got called to switzerland so i went with her . '' 
 `` i just do n't get it . 
 i mean , they 're our parents . 
 they 're supposed to care about us . '' 
 `` i think they do , but they get so focused on other things . 
 i know the work my dad is doing is to make our lives better . 
 i just wish he 'd talk to me about it more often . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` yeah , me , too . '' 
 max and i spent the rest of the day in the library working on our project research . 
 it felt like there was a band around my lungs as i searched desperately for the information we needed on the ultraviolet catastrophe . 
 if i could get this right , maybe it would be a step toward earning my place here . 
 toward showing everyone i belonged and showing myself i was n't broken . 
 i had to keep forcing myself to take breaks . 
 there were n't bells or class periods or even any sort of timetable for the day . 
 it all felt a little weird , like i was playing hooky or a teacher was going to yell at me for not doing my work . 
 but no one bothered us . 
 the few scientists i saw were more interested in their own research than what i was looking up on the internet . 
 if this was what college or a real job was like , it was going to take me a bit to get used to it . 
 beside me , max yawned and stretched his arms over his head . 
 `` it 's been nice not having zella here riding me the whole day . 
 you 're laid back , lexie . 
 i like you . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 all that frantic research had been laid back ? 
 i was in so much trouble . 
 `` i like you , too , max . 
 thanks for being so nice . '' 
 max smiled . 
 `` you 're welcome . 
 and do n't let them get you down too much . 
 we need new ideas and people here . '' 
 i blushed and looked away . 
 he shoved the computer in his backpack and got to his feet . 
 `` it 's five , so my mom 'll be waiting for me . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow , right ? 
 we did n't scare you off ? '' 
 `` even if you had , i 'm stuck here , so yeah , i 'll see you tomorrow . '' 
 `` good answer . '' 
 he raised a hand in farewell . 
 i smiled and waved back . 
 maybe today had n't been as bad as i 'd thought . 
 with max gone , the silence in the library stretched until the faint humming of the computers and the whir of the air conditioning took on epic proportions . 
 dad had said he 'd meet me here , but we had n't talked about a specific time . 
 and knowing him , he 'd forgotten all about me again . 
 with a sigh , i swung my feet off the extra chair i 'd been using as a footstool and shoved my tablet into my messenger bag . 
 `` lexie . '' 
 director danvers strode toward my table and sank into the now-vacant chair . 
 `` i did n't expect to find you in the library so soon . 
 i did n't think anyone actually started their projects for at least a week after getting them . '' 
 she winked and stretched out her long legs , kicking off her heels . 
 `` oh my god . 
 i swear i 'd give up this job tomorrow if i never had to put on another suit again . '' 
 i nodded , but really i was trying to figure out what exactly she was doing here . 
 with me . 
 `` how did your first day go ? '' 
 her blue eyes studied me , and i realized she probably already knew the answer . 
 `` about as well as i expected , '' i said with a shrug . 
 her lips pursed into a thin line . 
 `` oh , lexie . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i think all of us have gotten so comfortable here with our routines that new things throw us out of whack . 
 do n't get me wrong - we 're on the cutting-edge of discovery every day here , but that 's why the rest of the routine is so important . 
 and the students have it worst of all . 
 competition is fierce , and you 're an unknown . 
 it 's going to take a while for them to get used to you . '' 
 `` that 's what i 'm afraid of . 
 and in the meantime , i 'm struggling to even figure out what they 're talking about . 
 my classes back home did not prepare me for this . '' 
 i did n't think college could have prepared me for this . 
 danvers pursed her lips , watched me for a moment . 
 `` you know , i 'd like help , lexie . 
 this has got to be a tough adjustment . 
 please feel free to stop by my office any time . 
 we can talk through what you 're finding in your research , and i 'll be a safe place to ask any questions you 're afraid to bring up to your classmates or teachers . 
 and , of course , i can give you some tips on how to fit in a bit better if you want them . '' 
 my eyes widened , and i nodded . 
 `` that would be amazing . 
 thank you . '' 
 it did n't seem possible that the head of qt wanted to help me , but i was n't about to turn her down . 
 she gave me a conspiratorial smile . 
 `` good . 
 i 'll tell my secretary to expect you . '' 
 she checked her watch , then slid back into her shoes and stood up . 
 `` off to my next meeting . 
 but i 'll see you soon , lexie . '' 
 i nodded and watched her stride from the library . 
 weird or not , i was lucky she 'd taken an interest in me . 
 i had a feeling i was going to need all the help i could get . 
 the reminder i 'd programmed into my tablet beeped . 
 five-thirty and still no dad . 
 i slung my bag over my shoulder . 
 time to remind him he actually had a daughter . 
 the hallways were starting to empty as most of the staff at qt left for the day . 
 my tennis shoes squeaked softly on the granite floors as i made for the elevator . 
 a security guard passed me with a nod , and i wondered if he was just being nice or if they 'd already started recognizing me as dr. kepler 's daughter . 
 i pressed my finger to the scanner below the elevator button , and it dinged as the doors slid open . 
 `` what floor , lexie ? '' 
 the elevator asked . 
 `` six , please . '' 
 would it really have been so hard for me to press a button ? 
 i shook my head . 
 i was never going to get used to this place . 
 my stomach dropped as we descended through the facility , and a few moments later , the doors swished open . 
 the hallway was empty in both directions , and i chewed my lip . 
 dad had brought me to his lab over the weekend , but i had n't been paying much attention . 
 then , suddenly , a series of images flashed through my mind until it landed on the facility map , and i knew exactly where to find his suite . 
 i steadied myself against the wall until the world stopped spinning . 
 i was n't sure i would ever get used to that feeling . 
 as i walked , i peered through the glass walls into various labs . 
 some were completely clean and shiny , with slick countertops and crisp , white computers , like no one was using them . 
 but more often than not , the rooms were full of cages and boxes , of strange machines i 'd never seen and tables full of vials and bottles . 
 some of the glass walls were frosted , and i could n't see anything . 
 the silence grew heavy , and the skin at the back of my neck crawled like it always did when someone was watching me . 
 but the hallways were empty , a long expanse of cold , stark marble and harsh , fluorescent lights . 
 i shivered and stared straight ahead as i walked , imagining some of the experiments that could be hiding behind the closed doors . 
 somehow , i did n't want to know . 
 dad 's office suite was at the far end of the hall , and i pressed my finger to another scanner . 
 there was the familiar beep as the door unlocked , and i let myself into a small waiting area full of sculpted plastic chairs and glass tables . 
 it was all very modern . 
 dad 's personal office was through the lobby and to the right . 
 i 'd pushed open the door and started down the narrow hall when i heard voices . 
 a woman 's giggle , to be exact . 
 i paused . 
 when the giggle came again , i crept closer to dad 's office and peered through the cracked-open door . 
 a woman had her arms around dad 's neck and was staring lovingly up at him . 
 really , `` woman '' probably was n't the right term . 
 she looked like she could still be in college . 
 who the hell was she ? 
 and what was she doing trying to make out with my father ? 
 just the thought of it made me want to puke . 
 less than two days ago , he 'd been kissing mom . 
 dad shook his head and ducked from beneath her arms . 
 `` stop it , jordan . 
 i have work to finish before i can get out of here . '' 
 she pouted . 
 `` but , will , i 've been flirting with you for so long . 
 i finally had to do something . '' 
 that was enough of that . 
 i shoved open the door . 
 `` nice to see i 'm still your top priority , dad . '' 
 i would have laughed at their shocked expressions as the two exploded apart if i had n't been so disgusted . 
 `` lexie ! 
 i , uh ... '' dad tugged at his collar and flicked a glance to the girl . 
 `` lex , this is jordan sellers . 
 she works here at qt . '' 
 jordan stepped away from dad and extended a hand . 
 i ignored her . 
 `` i thought you were going to come get me in the library . 
 class finished a while ago . 
 but , no , i find you here with this ... person . 
 let me guess . 
 you forgot about me . 
 again . '' 
 `` of course not , lexie . 
 i swear ... '' `` stop lying . 
 i know the signs . 
 they 're the same as they were ten years ago when you forgot me at school . 
 or got too busy to remember my class recital . 
 i 've had enough . 
 i do n't want to be here in the first place , and if you do n't want me here either , that makes it really easy . 
 does n't it ? '' 
 dad 's mouth gaped , and jordan blinked rapidly . 
 `` since you 're obviously busy - '' i made sure to emphasize the last word . '' 
 - i 'll just call the shuttle . 
 do n't worry about me . 
 i guess i 'll just get used to taking care of myself . '' 
 i spun on my heel and marched from his office . 
 and just to make myself feel better , i slammed the door so hard it echoed down the hall . 
 i rushed to the elevators and hammered on the button . 
 it seemed to take forever , but there was still no sign of dad as i stepped into the metal box and barked , `` main floor , '' before ellie could even ask me what division . 
 why was i surprised at his behavior ? 
 he 'd never told me the truth about anything in my life . 
 why should it be any different now ? 
 and what about mom ? 
 last time i 'd seen them , they 'd been kissing . 
 was he cheating on her with that ... girl ? 
 the elevator stopped at my floor , and i exited at a sprint . 
 and ran smack into a wall of muscle . 
 7 asher 's hands gripped my arms so i did n't fall , his voice throaty as he laughed at me . 
 `` whoa there , speedy . 
 what 's the rush ? '' 
 i glared at him , and he dropped his hands . 
 he was the last person i wanted to see right now . 
 `` sorry , sorry . '' 
 he studied me . 
 `` hey , is everything all right ? 
 you look upset . '' 
 i was upset . 
 and obviously not thinking clearly because i said , `` would you be all right if you just found some hot college girl trying to make out with your dad ? 
 after he forgot about you ? '' 
 asher let out a low whistle . 
 `` let me guess - jordan sellers ? '' 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` she 's been throwing herself at him all summer . 
 i suppose it was only a matter of time before he gave in . 
 i could see where she 'd be tough to resist . 
 if you were into girls like that , i mean , '' he added at my ferocious glare . 
 i crossed my arms and tried to push away the wave of loneliness welling up from the deepest part of me . 
 i 'd been stupid . 
 i 'd let myself hope we could start over , that dad actually wanted me here . 
 but on my very first day , he could n't even remember me . 
 `` whatever . 
 i 'm catching the shuttle home . 
 i hate this place . '' 
 i could n't bring myself to look at asher . 
 i did n't want to see pity - or , even worse , amusement - in his eyes . 
 `` ah , yes , the qt shuttle service , savior of many a late-night science experiment . 
 but let me take you home . 
 i was leaving now anyway . '' 
 his tone was perfectly normal , not a hint of pity , but i shook my head . 
 i just wanted to be alone , to get my thoughts together and not have to worry about saying the wrong thing to asher . 
 especially now that i knew he was not only the resident genius , but the resident player , too . 
 `` i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` i know , but i want to . '' 
 he checked his watch and shook his head . 
 `` besides , there 's not another one until seven . 
 you do n't want to wait that long . '' 
 he walked to the door , but i stood frozen in place . 
 i did n't want to owe him and i definitely did n't want to keep talking about dad , but waiting around for the shuttle was even less appealing . 
 finally , i nodded and followed him . 
 `` thanks , i appreciate it . '' 
 he pushed open one of the heavy glass doors , stepping aside so i could pass . 
 his smile was sad . 
 `` no problem . 
 i know how it feels to want to escape this place . '' 
 i wondered what he wanted to escape . 
 asher seemed to have it all here at qt - popularity , a cute girlfriend , resident genius status . 
 but i pushed aside my questions as we exited the building . 
 i barely knew the guy ; there was no way i was going to pry into his personal life , no matter how curious i was . 
 outside , the sun hung low in the sky , turning the sky peach and blue and orange . 
 the smell of leaves starting to turn lent a hint of fall to the rapidly cooling air . 
 i followed asher to a black bmw and opened the passenger door . 
 `` nice car . '' 
 i slid into the leather seat . 
 the scent of his cologne still lingered , something spicy and clean . 
 i wanted to relax into it , but instead , i forced myself to stay on my guard . 
 asher confused me more than any other person i 'd met . 
 one minute , he was flirting or making fun of me ; the next , he was offering me a ride home and a sympathetic ear . 
 asher shrugged . 
 `` i won some prize money from a robotics competition , so i bought it to piss my parents off . 
 if dad had his way , we 'd all ride bikes or invent some magical flying car with no emissions . 
 he 's a little ... strange . '' 
 a muscle jumped in asher 's jaw as he started the car . 
 `` my dad does n't forget me because he 's making out with his assistants . 
 he forgets me because he 's too wrapped up in work to give a damn . '' 
 looked like i was n't the only one with parent problems . 
 `` maybe i 'll get lucky and my dad will feel so guilty about his latest screw up he 'll buy me a new laptop . 
 a girl can hope , right ? '' 
 i risked a smile at him , and the sudden heaviness in the car faded away . 
 asher eased the car to a stop at the gate , and we waited in silence as it rolled open for us . 
 `` i know it 's none of my business - and you can tell me to drop it - but what happened to make you come to qt now ? 
 you 're a little ... older than the typical first-year student . '' 
 asher glanced at me from the corner of his eye as we wound our way back toward town . 
 i stared out at the shadowy forest . 
 i still was n't entirely sure of the answer to that question myself . 
 the trees flashed past for almost a mile , but still i did n't answer . 
 the silence between us grew almost uncomfortable until asher finally shrugged . 
 `` it does n't matter why you 're here - i 'm just glad you are . '' 
 my lips parted in surprise . 
 he 'd ignored me all day after i 'd been kind of counting on him to help me out . 
 `` is anyone at this place ever going to accept me , or should i just give up now and learn to love the library ? '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` i told you they were tough . 
 just do n't let them push you around . 
 once they see you really do belong here , they 'll back off . '' 
 he turned into town . 
 `` your dad still live on middle ? '' 
 i nodded , and a few moments later , we pulled up in front of my dad 's dark house . 
 i frowned , staring at the chipping paint on the front door . 
 the last thing i wanted to do was go inside , but i could n't think of a reason to stay here in the car . 
 `` thanks for the ride , '' i finally said , tracing the door handle with my finger . 
 `` no problem . 
 glad i was around . '' 
 a dimple flashed in his cheek . 
 `` you know , my offer still stands . 
 if you ever want a private tutoring session , i 'm your guy . '' 
 my pulse jumped . 
 play it cool , kepler . 
 `` thanks , i 'll keep that in mind . '' 
 i paused . 
 `` if i ever get desperate . '' 
 he pressed a hand to his heart and mock-pouted . 
 `` i 'm hurt . '' 
 i grinned at him , feeling better than i had all day , and got out of the car . 
 the passenger-side window rolled down , and asher ducked his head so i could see him . 
 `` hey , lexie ? 
 hang in there . 
 it 'll get better . '' 
 and then he sped off , leaving me with a stupid smile stretching across my face . 
 the house felt huge and empty as i let myself in the front door and switched on the hall light . 
 i shivered as the air conditioning clicked on and a cool breeze caressed my face . 
 i hated empty houses , always had . 
 i could n't stop myself from imagining something huge and hungry waiting for me in the shadows . 
 stop it , kepler . 
 i dumped my messenger bag on the chair and slogged into the kitchen , turning on lights as i went . 
 dad had taken me grocery shopping yesterday , but cooking was at the bottom of my to-do list right now . 
 i pulled out a bag of tater tots and turned on the oven . 
 then , i flopped onto the couch with my tablet and pulled up my email . 
 a few shopping ads , a joke forward from an acquaintance back at columbus high , a reminder that my subscription to scientific american was about to expire , and an email from a name i did n't recognize . 
 timothy grant . 
 a light blue logo was at the top of the email : a rifle crossed by a microscope . 
 the image looked familiar - like i 'd seen it before but could n't remember where . 
 my hands turned to ice as i began to read . 
 miss kepler , it 's always difficult to start at a new school , and i hear today was especially hard for you . 
 but you do have a choice . 
 you are special , and branston academy wants to help you make use of your amazing gift . 
 we want you to join us . 
 become part of something great . 
 unlike quantum technology , branston academy could become home to you . 
 a place where you belong . 
 we 've been waiting a long time for you , lexie , but the wait is almost over . 
 i 'll be in touch soon , and you can decide for yourself instead of being a pawn in your father 's game . 
 major timothy grant i stared at the stark , black words on the screen , each breath sharp and painful . 
 what . 
 the . 
 hell . 
 the front door rattled , and i jerked my head up , heart pounding . 
 dad stepped inside . 
 `` lexie ? 
 are you here ? 
 why have n't you been answering your phone ? '' 
 he threw his keys down on the counter and stormed into the living room . 
 `` i 've been worried sick . 
 this is unacceptable behavior , young lady . '' 
 his hair was spiky , like he 'd been running his hands through it , and his eyes flashed with anger . 
 but one look at me and the anger drained away . 
 he clutched the back of the couch . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 is it your mother ? '' 
 i shook my head and shoved my tablet at him without a word . 
 he scanned the email , his lips tightening until they disappeared into a thin line . 
 the tablet trembled in his hands . 
 `` what is this about ? '' 
 i demanded , getting to my feet . 
 `` what else did n't you tell me ? '' 
 dad set the tablet down on the table and swallowed hard . 
 `` i do n't even know where to start . '' 
 `` that 's not an answer . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i know , but it 's the best one i have right now . 
 branston academy is a government facility that tracks highly intelligent individuals . 
 they use their students ' intelligence to solve problems their own scientists have n't been able to fix , to help them advance their weapons and programs . 
 branston 's goal is to become the most powerful scientific corporation in the world . '' 
 `` what does this have to do with me ? '' 
 i crossed my arms over my chest , not caring that the words came out more like a snarl . 
 none of this made sense , but the fear growing in the pit of my stomach told me it was all bad . 
 dad cleared his throat . 
 `` branston has been looking for you since you were three . '' 
 `` what the hell for ? '' 
 and then it hit me in a wave of hot , sick fury . 
 the drugs . 
 the lies . 
 `` you kept me average so they would n't find me . '' 
 `` we did n't have a choice . 
 your mother and i could n't risk them using you or experimenting on you . 
 we had to keep you safe . '' 
 `` safe from what ? '' 
 dad 's lips thinned again . 
 `` more than anything , branston wants power . 
 and they will go to any lengths to get it . 
 they were the ones who staged the break-in at los alamos to steal military secrets . 
 and they think by gathering an army of super-smart individuals to infiltrate the highest levels of the government , they 'll become unstoppable . 
 they want you to be part of that army . '' 
 his words echoed through the room , and all i could do was stare . 
 the war of emotions surging through me right now would explode into a bomb if i tried to make sense any of this . 
 `` lexie ? '' 
 his voice softened . 
 `` honey , everything we 've done has been to protect you from them . 
 i 'm sorry we did n't tell you the truth . 
 but now that they 've found you ... '' `` how did they find me ? '' 
 `` we think the drugs started wearing off last spring . 
 and when you took that standardized test before school let out , your test scores were high enough to ping on branston 's radar . '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 i remembered that test . 
 the answers had popped into my head like they were waiting for me . 
 i 'd finished a good half hour before anyone else . 
 the room spun , going dark around the edges as the panic started to take hold . 
 if dad was right and they 'd been searching for me since i was little , what would they actually do when they found me ? 
 `` lexie , listen to me . 
 you 're safe here at qt . 
 that 's why your mom brought you . 
 she saw grant at the mall that day and knew it was only a matter of time until they found you . 
 she left so she could lead them off your trail . '' 
 he let out a sigh . 
 `` it looks like it did n't work , unfortunately . '' 
 i froze , fear making everything sharp and clear . 
 `` where is she ? 
 is she all right ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 she 's fine . 
 she emailed earlier today . 
 she has a few more things to finish up before she comes back to us . 
 branston is n't after her . 
 they 're after you . 
 but now that you 're here , we can protect you . 
 there 's nothing to worry about . '' 
 and yet dad did n't exactly look relieved . 
 `` what else are n't you telling me ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` nothing . 
 that 's it . 
 i just need you to let me know if anything else suspicious happens . 
 qt security will protect you anywhere in the city or the facility , but you have to keep your eyes open . '' 
 i did n't know whether to feel reassured or creeped out . 
 i decided to focus on a third option : anger . 
 `` i could have kept my eyes open a hell of a lot better if i 'd known about this . 
 i am . 
 sick . 
 of . 
 your . 
 lies . '' 
 he did n't say anything , just stared at me , which pissed me off even more . 
 `` i thought things were going to be different between us , and this was our opportunity to start over . 
 obviously , i ca n't trust anything you say . 
 how come i 'm not surprised ? '' 
 `` damn it , lexie . '' 
 he slammed a hand down on the back of the couch . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't feel like we had another choice . '' 
 the words sliced through me like a knife . 
 `` do you have any idea how that makes me feel ? 
 that you ca n't trust your own daughter with the truth ? 
 do you even want me here ? 
 or is that another lie , too ? '' 
 he still wore his white lab coat over his jeans , the qt logo in navy blue against the white , his name in script below it . 
 dr. william kepler . 
 we shared a last name , but that was it . 
 i glared at him and waited for him to answer . 
 finally , he shook his head . 
 `` everything i 've done has been to protect you . 
 your mother and i told you that when you arrived . 
 i 'm sorry that meant not being there for you . '' 
 `` really ? 
 because you seem to have plenty of time to ` be there ' for jordan sellers . 
 if branston wants me that badly , maybe they 're not so bad after all . '' 
 my voice broke , and i had to look away . 
 dad shook his head . 
 `` branston is terrifying . 
 they have destroyed villages just to show they can . 
 they 've released bioengineered viruses to threaten governments . 
 they have worked behind the scenes to fund terrorists and fringe groups . 
 they want you to be a part of the team to develop these weapons , to destroy instead of create . '' 
 he still did n't get it . 
 i did n't care about branston . 
 i cared that he could n't be bothered to ever tell me the truth , to trust that i might be able to handle it . 
 anger curled through me like poison , and i hated him at that moment . 
 hated everything he 'd done , even if it had been to protect me . 
 `` i do n't see where you 're much different from them , '' i said with a sob , snatching my laptop off the couch and sprinting to my room . 
 `` lexie ! '' 
 he called after me . 
 i slammed the door on him and threw myself on the bed . 
 all i 'd ever wanted was my dad to be there . 
 i 'd let myself hope moving in with him might rebuild our relationship . 
 obviously , i 'd been fooling myself . 
 the ride to qt the next day was one long , awkward silence , broken by dad 's attempts to explain . 
 i stared out the window and refused to answer . 
 there was nothing he could say . 
 i was done letting him disappoint me . 
 i was still freaked out that branston was out there looking for me , but right now , dad was the bigger pain in my ass . 
 i left him in the lobby without even a glance back , though i could feel him staring after me , feel his frustration . 
 maybe if i let him stew , he 'd finally get the point . 
 i stomped into the classroom and threw myself into one of the clear , plastic chairs . 
 some of the other students looked at me , but i glared them down . 
 i was not in the mood for their bullshit today . 
 if asher thought i needed to stand up to them , then so be it . 
 `` morning , lexie . '' 
 max dumped his bag on the floor and sat down beside me . 
 his scraggly beard was gone , and his hair neatly trimmed . 
 for the first time that morning , i smiled , surprisingly glad to see a friendly face . 
 `` new look ? '' 
 `` mom said i looked like a hippie . '' 
 he sighed and ran his hand over his smooth jaw . 
 `` i guess it 's not that bad . '' 
 `` i like it . 
 very preppy . '' 
 max rolled his eyes . 
 `` yeah . 
 preppy . 
 that 's me . '' 
 `` here , let me help . '' 
 i reached over and roughed up his hair just as zella appeared in the doorway . 
 she narrowed her eyes at me before stalking over and taking a seat on the other side of max . 
 `` hey , z , '' max said over his shoulder . 
 `` lexie is trying to make me less preppy . 
 is it working ? '' 
 her stare was cold , assessing . 
 `` i thought you were fine the way you were . '' 
 max laughed , totally missing her glare . 
 `` always room for improvement , right ? '' 
 zella did n't bother to answer him and turned to rummage in her bag . 
 i went back to adjusting max 's hair . 
 `` there . '' 
 i leaned back to examine my work , a mock frown on my face . 
 i tapped my chin with my finger . 
 `` there 's something missing , i 'm afraid . '' 
 max sighed . 
 `` there always is . '' 
 `` hey , stop that . 
 i 'm just kidding with you . 
 i think you 're perfect just the way you are . '' 
 `` that 's more like it , '' he crowed , grabbing me in a headlock and ruffling my own hair . 
 we both laughed , and i struggled to get away from him . 
 asher wandered into the room and flopped into the chair across from us . 
 he raised an eyebrow . 
 `` careful there , kids . 
 someone could poke an eye out . '' 
 `` we can only hope , '' zella muttered , loud enough so we all could hear . 
 max sat back in his seat with a frown at her , and i tried to smooth down my messy hair . 
 i was n't going to let her get to me today . 
 `` what 's the plan ? '' 
 asher stifled a yawn and stretched his arms over his head . 
 i tried not to stare as the bottom of his shirt rode up and displayed the muscled strip of skin above his jeans . 
 `` more research ? 
 team meeting ? 
 what do you think we should tackle , lexie ? '' 
 i shrugged , feeling slightly breathless at the sight . 
 `` zella seems to have taken on managing the project . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 i asked her . 
 maybe deferring to her a bit would get her off my back . 
 or at least show her i was a team player . 
 she tapped on her tablet and then nodded . 
 `` i think we need to keep researching the historical piece while some of us start to tackle the actual experiment . 
 lexie , why do n't you go back to the library ? 
 max , you can help me today . '' 
 he glanced at me before nodding , and i could read the disappointment in his eyes . 
 i was kind of disappointed , too . 
 i had a feeling it was going to be a long , lonely day in the library . 
 amy sauntered in wearing a cute sundress and sandals . 
 she trailed her fingers down asher 's arm as she sank into the seat beside him . 
 `` hey , guys . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 my heart did a weird little twist in my chest . 
 they made the perfect couple - gorgeous and brilliant . 
 were they together ? 
 i stared down at my tablet and pushed away the twinge of disappointment . 
 i was n't interested in him like that , no matter how nice he 'd been to me last night . 
 asher yawned again . 
 `` what do you want me to do , z ? 
 or do i get a free day ? 
 i could use a nap . '' 
 zella shook her head . 
 `` oh , no , you do n't get out of it . 
 i need you and amy to tackle the computer models and design . 
 we are going to blow dr. avery away with this project . '' 
 asher saluted . 
 `` to the lab it is . '' 
 he got to his feet and slung amy 's bag over his shoulder before holding out his arm to her . 
 amy slipped her hand into the crook of his elbow with a giggle . 
 `` such a gentleman . '' 
 `` not always , '' he said with a wink . 
 i tried not to vomit . 
 zella got to her feet , pointedly ignoring me . 
 `` you coming , max ? '' 
 he paused to smile at me . 
 `` i 'll catch you later , lexie ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 have fun , guys . '' 
 my whole team left the room together , and i sat there like a loser . 
 so much for things starting to look up . 
 8 i spent most of the day in the library again . 
 it was quiet , and nobody paid much attention to me . 
 the panic was back , and i had a dozen different windows open on my computer screen as i searched for answers . 
 i was going to show all of them that , despite the drugs , i was n't stupid . 
 i could make it at qt . 
 first up , i needed to figure out what exactly an ultraviolet catastrophe was . 
 i 'd read the definition yesterday , but i still had no idea what it meant . 
 i did a few more online searches and found some good descriptions . 
 probably a good place to start our paper . 
 i chewed on the end of my pen . 
 still did n't know what it meant , but at least i had something . 
 i stared at the graph beside the definition . 
 the catastrophe predicted that , as the wavelength of light got shorter , the intensity would continue to go up , emitting radiation until it reached infinite levels . 
 okay , it was starting to make sense . 
 i did a little more searching . 
 max planck was the guy who 'd come up with the solution to the ultraviolet catastrophe back in 1900 . 
 and that solution was the starting point for the whole branch of science called quantum physics . 
 his research had formed the basis for einstein 's later work with photon theory . 
 i pulled together a few more pages of research on the ultraviolet catastrophe and its history . 
 it amazed me how small a community of scientists it was back then . 
 the same names kept popping up : planck , einstein , millikan , rosen . 
 rosen . 
 could he be related to asher ? 
 i scanned the library to make sure no one was watching and did a quick search . 
 really , i was n't being a stalker ; i was honestly interested , especially if his grandfather had worked with albert einstein . 
 he 'd always been a hero of mine . 
 the einstein action figure i 'd had to leave behind in ohio had been a birthday gift from mom , meant as a joke , but i 'd secretly loved it . 
 the first link confirmed it . 
 nathan rosen , asher 's grandfather , had been einstein 's assistant at the institute for advanced study in new jersey , and there , they 'd come up with a mathematical solution for a type of wormhole connecting distant areas in space . 
 the einstein-rosen bridge . 
 there was also a reference to the manhattan project . 
 i skimmed through the rest of the article and noticed the names john a. wheeler and john von neumann , who were also physicists . 
 same last names as zella and max . 
 they 'd all worked on the manhattan project . 
 i was willing to bet that was n't a coincidence at all . 
 i knew oak ridge had been created as a secret town where many of the manhattan project 's most important scientists had lived and researched . 
 to have all of those descendants together again seemed a little strange . 
 `` what kind of secrets have you uncovered today ? '' 
 asher asked , dropping into a chair beside me . 
 he tugged something out of his pocket that looked like a mini remote controller . 
 i clicked the browser window shut so he would n't see my research . 
 i did not want him get the wrong idea . 
 `` nothing too exciting . 
 a few more days and i should have the uvc stuff pulled together . '' 
 he grabbed my pen and balanced it on the edge of the desk . 
 `` cool . 
 i 'm sure z will be relieved to have it done . '' 
 i leaned back in my chair . 
 `` where 's amy ? 
 did you guys finish your computer models ? '' 
 `` we made some pretty good progress . 
 she had a meeting with avery this afternoon , so i figured i 'd come here and get something done for a change . 
 unless you 'd like to distract me ? '' 
 he gave me his heart-stopping , crooked grin . 
 i shook my head and tried not to roll my eyes at him . 
 `` somehow i do n't think amy would approve . '' 
 `` aw , do n't be so serious , lexicon . 
 i 'm just flirting with a pretty girl - there 's no harm in that . 
 besides , amy and i are just friends . '' 
 `` i do n't think amy would agree . 
 and what did you just call me ? '' 
 `` what - lexicon ? 
 you know , a dictionary of terms . 
 it suits you , what with your performance yesterday with zella . '' 
 heat flooded my cheeks , both at the fact that he 'd called me pretty and that he 'd actually witnessed my little display . 
 `` what 's your nickname then ? '' 
 he fiddled with a button on the remote before smiling slowly . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 why do n't you tell me ? '' 
 i raised an eyebrow at him . 
 `` i can give you some suggestions if you 're having trouble ... '' my mouth opened and shut . 
 his blue eyes blazed into mine , and i swallowed . 
 hard . 
 then he sat back , breaking the tractor beam of his gaze . 
 `` how about i give you some time to think about it ? '' 
 i shook my head , mortified and yet strangely fascinated by the dimple in his cheek as he grinned at me . 
 pull it together , kepler . 
 the guy 's just flirting . 
 you can handle this . 
 `` what does amy call you ? '' 
 `` ah , that would be telling . '' 
 he winked , pressed a button , and the pen on the edge of the table disappeared . 
 i blinked . 
 `` how did you do that ? '' 
 `` oh , this ? 
 just a simple particle destabilizer . 
 it 's a prototype i 've been working on . 
 it temporarily changes the frequency of an object 's particles , making them vibrate so fast the item becomes invisible . 
 once i turn the wavelength off , you can see it again . '' 
 he had that falsely modest expression i was coming to recognize . 
 he knew he was a freaking genius . 
 why did he even bother to pretend at this point ? 
 `` now that i 've impressed you with my toys , want to grab some coffee ? 
 there 's an excellent coffee shop in town . 
 we can make it a study date . 
 i 'll even let you play with it . '' 
 he gestured at the remote , and i rolled my eyes . 
 `` i think i 'll pass . '' 
 `` not smart , lexicon . 
 i can help you with your physics equations . 
 you know i won the best new physicist award when i was thirteen . 
 i even designed joan here . '' 
 he nodded toward the robotic librarian standing at the other end of the room . 
 okay , now he was really showing off . 
 i could play that game , too . 
 `` really ? 
 then how did you miss tweaking the titanium socket screws in their ankle joints ? 
 they 're cut at the wrong angle . 
 another few degrees and an install two inches lower and it 'd take care of the lurching . '' 
 he blinked , his gaze flicking to joan and then back to me , and i bit back a smile at his expression . 
 his voice was almost strangled as he asked , `` how did you do that ? 
 we worked on that design for weeks and still could n't get it quite right . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` may i should help you with your homework . '' 
 part of me wanted nothing more than to say yes to his invitation for coffee . 
 to his sparkling blue eyes and the dimple in his cheek . 
 there could n't be any harm in being friends , could there ? 
 except i was pretty sure he had a girlfriend , and i did n't know how long i 'd be able to stay ` just friends ' with someone who looked at me like that . 
 like i was a genius . 
 i shoved my tablet and notebook into my bag before standing up . 
 `` i should be going . 
 my dad promised he 'd remember me today . 
 we 're supposed to meet in the lobby . '' 
 asher got up and walked with me to the library doors . 
 `` you know , if he 's too busy , i can always take you home . 
 it 'll be like a carpool . 
 or taxi service . 
 you can pay me in coffee dates . '' 
 `` thanks , but it 's time my dad took some responsibility for me . 
 at least , for however long i 'm here . '' 
 i froze , chewed my lip . 
 where had that come from ? 
 he furrowed his eyebrows . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 where would you be going ? '' 
 i laughed , trying to play off my slip-up . 
 `` nowhere in particular . 
 i just mean if i ca n't cut it here , maybe they 'll send me back to ohio . '' 
 maybe mom would come back and we could find somewhere else to live , just the two of us . 
 we could go back to being normal . 
 i could forget about the lies and the drugs and the general mess that was my life . 
 asher 's jaw tightened . 
 `` you belong here with us , lexie . 
 no matter what you think . '' 
 i shrugged and pushed through the doors to the hallway . 
 `` honestly , asher , i appreciate the pep talk , but you barely know me . 
 you do n't know anything about whether i 'll fit or not . '' 
 he put a hand on my arm to stop me , and i turned , held frozen by his suddenly serious expression . 
 and then he looked away , scuffed his shoe against the marble floor . 
 finally , he said , `` i know about the drugs . '' 
 his words sucked the air from my lungs with a whoosh . 
 `` what did you say ? '' 
 `` my dad was the one who helped develop them in the first place . 
 that could have been me , lexie . 
 if things had been different . '' 
 horror , shame , anger all surged through me , and i put out a hand to steady myself against the wall . 
 bad enough i knew my own parents had drugged me to keep me average , but knowing asher had heard about it , too ? 
 i wanted the floor to open and eat me whole . 
 what must he think of them ? 
 of me ? 
 no matter what my dad said , there had to have been another way to protect me from branston . 
 he touched my shoulder . 
 `` hey , it 's okay . 
 i 'd never say anything . '' 
 i shook my head , too devastated to even respond . 
 the hallway went fuzzy , and i forced myself to breathe in and out , despite the icy clench of my lungs . 
 just the thought of what my new classmates would do to me if it ever got out that i 'd been drugged to stay average made my stomach roil . 
 i 'd witnessed enough bullying at columbus to know that it would be social suicide . 
 i could hear the taunts already - lobotomy lexie . 
 i jerked away from his hand and sprinted away toward the stairwell . 
 `` lexie ! '' 
 asher called . 
 i shook my head and pushed through the emergency doors to clatter down the stairs . 
 my eyes stung with unshed tears . 
 what had been so wrong with me that my parents would do something like this ? 
 they 'd taken away a part of me , and now , i was lost . 
 i 'd hoped qt might be a chance to become who i wanted instead of being always afraid . 
 now it had become another prison . 
 9 the only thing that got me through the rest of the week was being able to hide in the library . 
 i even skipped avery 's class . 
 i was terrified of seeing asher . 
 knowing that he knew about the drugs was bad enough , but having to see the pity in his eyes was something i could n't face . 
 i spent hours plugging away at my ultraviolet catastrophe research . 
 it was my one chance to prove myself to them , and i was n't going to screw it up by slacking off , not matter how freaked out i was . 
 i wanted to show them all that , even if they 'd drugged me , i was still smart , still belonged here . 
 i was still me . 
 but i 'd never been so glad for the weekend in my life . 
 when i got up saturday morning , i found a note from dad in the kitchen : gone to qt for an emergency . 
 will bring home dinner . 
 i crumpled it in my fist before tossing it in the garbage . 
 great . 
 another day alone . 
 the only sound in the empty house was the hum of the refrigerator and the tick-tock of dad 's grandfather clock . 
 i could n't handle it . 
 i 'd spent friday night locked in my bedroom - i was n't doing that again . 
 maybe it was time to explore oak ridge . 
 i locked the door behind me and wandered toward downtown . 
 the september air was still sticky with the summer heat , and a bunch of kids played baseball in their front yards . 
 i watched a boy with spiky hair pull back and pitch a softball to a girl across the street . 
 she swung , the bat connecting to the ball with a loud crack . 
 it soared back toward him , and i cringed as it headed toward an upstairs window . 
 but instead of crashing through the glass , it slowed down until it hung frozen in mid-air . 
 one of the outfielders pressed a button on his baseball glove , and the ball dropped into his hand . 
 i shook my head . 
 if i was n't so freaked out by everything , i might like this place . 
 until i remembered , i was n't here for fun . 
 i was here because branston had been searching for me since i was three . 
 and my parents had drugged me to keep me safe from them . 
 goosebumps shivered on my skin , and i pushed on . 
 it was only four blocks , but i was sweating by the time i reached downtown . 
 the security robots i 'd seen on my first day stood sentinel on corners or wandered up and down the street , the sun glinting off their arms and legs . 
 their heads were made of a single sheet of metal , polished to a high gloss and shaped into an oblong , with slits for their eye sensors . 
 i clenched my trembling fingers and moved past them . 
 had n't the scientists at qt read any science fiction ? 
 one of these days , the robots were going to try to take over . 
 a trickle of sweat dripped down my neck , and i wanted nothing more than a huge iced coffee and a seat in the air conditioning . 
 coco 's coffee sat at the end of the block , and from what i could tell , it was the local hang out - for scientists and students alike . 
 i recognized a few of my classmates sitting outside , despite the heat . 
 even worse , i spotted asher and amy , heads bent together over a bowl of ice cream . 
 i ducked behind a potted cedar . 
 amy probably knew all about the drugs by now . 
 if she and asher were dating , i was positive he 'd told her . 
 and if asher knowing about it was n't bad enough , perfect , popular amy knowing about it was a thousand times worse . 
 sneaking around the plant , i pushed open the door to the coffee shop and winced as a bell jangled at the entrance . 
 inside was airy and casual , with a bank of booths on the far side and tables scattered throughout the room . 
 cheerful daisies sat in squat vases on each table , and photography and artwork dotted the walls . 
 it seemed like any other coffee shop . 
 except for the barista behind the bar . 
 in a town full of scientific geniuses , this girl stuck out like a supernova . 
 her hair was died purple and stuck out in spikes from her head . 
 she had ear gauges in both earlobes and a stud in her nose . 
 but when she smiled at me , a dimple flashed in her cheek , and she had the sweetest , softest southern drawl i 'd ever heard . 
 `` what can i get for you , darlin ' ? '' 
 she asked . 
 i studied the tattoo on her neck of an atom before snapping my gaze to her dark brown eyes . 
 `` um , the biggest iced coffee you can make , please . '' 
 `` it 's a scorcher out there , is n't it ? '' 
 she furrowed her eyebrows as she pulled a recycled paper cup from the stack . 
 `` wait a minute - you 're dr. kepler 's daughter , are n't you ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` lexie . 
 how did you know ? '' 
 `` you look like him . 
 and will is a regular . '' 
 her dimple flashed again . 
 exactly how many women in oak ridge knew my dad ? 
 `` i 'm coco . 
 how are you settling in ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` it 's only my first week . 
 i 'm assuming it 'll get better . '' 
 coco nodded . 
 `` qt is tough . 
 i left after i graduated and never looked back . 
 mom still works there , but i wanted nothing to do with it . 
 i went to the cia instead . '' 
 i eyed her ripped shirt and chain-link bracelets dubiously . 
 `` cia ? 
 like the feds ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 `` no , the culinary institute of america . 
 in new york . 
 i 'm a chef . 
 and a damn good one if i do say so myself . 
 though , of course , all my best dishes are top secret , '' she added with a grin . 
 `` a top secret cafe in the middle of town ? 
 this place is crazy , '' i said , shaking my head . 
 `` did you notice the bots standing around main street ? 
 oak ridge has the best security in the world . 
 they 're tied into the qt system and can take you out at a hundred yards . 
 do n't even try to talk about my meals outside of oak ridge . '' 
 she winked and handed over a tall , iced coffee , but her words made my skin crawl . 
 `` here you go . 
 enjoy . 
 and it was nice to meet you , darlin ' . 
 i hope we 'll see you often . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i took my coffee and wandered over to an empty booth along the wall . 
 the bell jangled , and asher slipped inside with an empty bowl and two glasses . 
 he turned to order something from coco and spotted me in the corner . 
 our eyes met across the room , and he took a hesitant step toward me , the corner of his lip twitching up . 
 i sat up straighter and shoved my hair behind my ears . 
 keep it cool , kepler . 
 but before i could find out what he was going to do , a man wearing khakis and a button-down shirt entered . 
 he scanned the coffee shop , his gaze resting on me briefly , before he moved toward the counter . 
 asher glanced at the guy with a frown , then turned away and finished his order . 
 i stared into the swirling depths of my coffee and pushed away my disappointment . 
 asher was here with amy . 
 i should n't expect anything from him now . 
 i 'd blown it with him by freaking out the other day . 
 `` excuse me , are you alexa kepler ? '' 
 the man stood beside the table and smiled at me , wrinkles framing his eyes . 
 dad had the same ones from staring into a microscope most of his life . 
 i nodded . 
 `` yes , sir . 
 can i help you ? '' 
 he glanced over at coco and asher , who were still chatting , and then back to me . 
 `` do you mind if i sit down ? '' 
 i tilted my head at him . 
 his salt-and-pepper hair was buzzed short , and his posture was rigid , like he had iron in his spine . 
 each movement was brisk and efficient . 
 military , even . 
 `` have a seat . '' 
 he slid into the booth across from me and cupped his mug between long fingers . 
 `` alexa , my name is timothy grant . 
 major timothy grant . 
 i trust you received my email the other day ? '' 
 i jumped to my feet , blood roaring in my ears . 
 across the room , asher stared at me . 
 he frowned and pulled out his phone before slipping out of the coffee shop . 
 grant put a hand on mine , his voice soothing and even , drawing my attention back to him . 
 `` lexie , please . 
 i mean you no harm . 
 i simply want to talk . 
 you can walk away if you ever feel threatened . '' 
 i felt my knees tremble as i sank back into the booth . 
 `` how did you find me ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 his expression was grim . 
 `` your mother 's led us on quite the chase , but eventually , we figured out where you were . 
 i wish we 'd found you before you started at qt . 
 it would make all of this so much easier . '' 
 i clutched the edge of the table . 
 i had n't heard from mom since monday . 
 `` where is she ? 
 what did you do to her ? '' 
 grant shook his head . 
 `` nothing . 
 the last i heard she was in seattle . 
 perfectly healthy . 
 but i 'm not here to talk about your parents , lexie . 
 i 'm here to talk about you . 
 i want to offer you a spot at the most prestigious scientific academy in the world . 
 we 've been waiting for you since you were born . '' 
 i clutched my iced coffee , the condensation from the glass mingling with my suddenly sweaty palms . 
 grant pulled a brochure from his back pocket and slid it across the table toward me . 
 i automatically picked it up . 
 there was a large , ivy-covered manor house on the cover , with white-trimmed windows and a wide , oak door . 
 inside the brochure , there were pictures of smiling high school students and tidy dorm rooms . 
 i caught the words `` world-class education , '' `` limitless opportunities , '' and `` camaraderie . '' 
 my nostrils flared as i ran a finger over the embossed branston academy logo . 
 a microscope and a rifle . 
 grant continued . 
 `` if you attend branston , doors you never even knew about will open for you . 
 you 'll have the chance to work with mathematicians and scientists at the top of their fields . 
 people who could be the next albert einstein . 
 you can write your own ticket to any university in the world . 
 we have students at harvard , yale , cambridge , mit ... '' i felt a twinge of interest . 
 mom and i had always talked about me going there , but it had been more of a dream . 
 but now , this all sounded perfect . 
 too perfect . 
 `` what 's the catch ? '' 
 `` there is no catch , i assure you . '' 
 `` then why not just ask me ? 
 why chase my family across the country ? '' 
 i glared at him , my fingers tightening around the brochure . 
 my whole life had been a lie because of these people . 
 grant 's smile was sad as he gazed into his mug . 
 `` we did n't chase your family . 
 you 've always been perfectly safe . 
 your parents have some misguided notion you 're in danger from us . 
 i can assure you it 's absolutely not true . '' 
 part of me wanted to believe him - the alternative was just too freaky - but my parents would n't have made the choices they had for a threat that did n't exist . 
 as mad as i was at them , i knew they 'd never have drugged me if they did n't feel i 'd been threatened . 
 i narrowed my eyes at him . 
 i did n't trust his shiny brochure or his smooth lies . 
 `` care to explain why they 'd think that then ? '' 
 `` branston offered your father a full scholarship to both the academy and to university afterward . 
 he was a model student . 
 top of his class . 
 contributed to some amazing scientific discoveries . 
 after he graduated from college , he came back as a researcher and professor . '' 
 i frowned . 
 why had n't dad told me he 'd gone to branston ? 
 that he 'd worked for them ? 
 his knowledge of them made a little more sense now . 
 and i totally got why he 'd gone . 
 my grandparents had been poor and probably would have jumped at the chance to have dad in a top-notch school . 
 grant took a sip of his tea , shifted in his chair . 
 `` back then , branston had different goals . 
 the trustees put him in charge of medical studies , and for a while , it seemed to be going well . 
 he was a great recruiter , and we had some amazing students join us because of him . 
 and then the accidents started . 
 lab projects exploding , experiments going wrong , students disappearing . 
 we traced it back to your father and discovered he was purposefully sabotaging things so students could be released from their contracts with the school . '' 
 something uncomfortable squirmed inside me . 
 `` why would they want to be released ? '' 
 grant looked me in the eye . 
 `` i 'm going to tell you the truth , lexie . 
 it was a bad time for branston . 
 they did some ... unfortunate experiments . 
 things your father disagreed with . 
 he started a sort of underground escape plan for students , and in the meantime , he was working at cross-purposes to the trustees . 
 he was asked to leave . '' 
 i chewed my lip as grant 's explanation started weaving through my brain . 
 it all matched up with what dad had hinted at . 
 so far . 
 `` branston was doing horrible experiments . 
 to me , that 's a perfect reason he 'd take me and run . 
 why hold a spot for me ? '' 
 `` that 's classified information . 
 what i can say is that just because your dad was n't a good fit for branston , does n't mean you are n't . '' 
 `` uh-uh . 
 i need more answers than it 's classified . '' 
 `` come with me , lexie . 
 let me show you branston firsthand . 
 if you do n't like it , we 'll send you back to qt , no hard feelings . '' 
 he smiled reassuringly . 
 i frowned . 
 how stupid did he think i was ? 
 `` i 'm sorry you think that , lexie , '' he said , like he was reading my mind . 
 grant pulled a syringe of clear liquid from his pocket . 
 the branston logo was etched into the glass vial . 
 `` this serum is something i created just for you . 
 it will disable the tracking nanobots qt injected you with , so they wo n't be able to find you or wipe you . 
 you 'll be safe . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` they were n't tracking bots , and i do n't want anything to do with branston . 
 or you . '' 
 grant frowned and sighed . 
 `` poor lexie . 
 lied to again . 
 i 'd hoped we could do this the easy way . '' 
 his hand shot out and grabbed my arm , and with his free hand , he flicked the cover off the syringe and jammed it into my bicep . 
 fire exploded through my arm , and i let out a yelp , bucking and jerking against his grip . 
 but his fingers felt like steel against my skin , and a moment later , everything went fuzzy . 
 he got to his feet , bringing me with him . 
 `` we 're going to take a little trip , alexa . 
 i think it 's time you experience branston for yourself . '' 
 he slipped an arm around me , holding me firmly to his side . 
 my head swam from whatever drugs he 'd injected , and my muscles felt rubbery . 
 i could barely hold myself upright as he pulled me toward the front door . 
 `` lexie ? 
 everything alright ? '' 
 coco asked , her eyes widening with concern . 
 grant nodded as we passed . 
 `` she 's not feeling well . 
 i 'm taking her outside for some air . '' 
 i tried to struggle against him , but it felt like too much work . 
 `` let me go , '' i yelled , but my voice was barely a whisper . 
 `` muscle weakness is a side effect of the drugs as they destroy the nanobots . 
 you 'll feel fine in a few minutes . '' 
 grant smiled down at me . 
 `` i wish you would n't struggle . 
 you 're going to love branston . '' 
 10 inside my body , my cells felt like they were exploding . 
 pain shot through me with each movement until the world was tinged with red . 
 my lungs tightened until i could only gasp for air . 
 i wanted to scream for help , but it felt like my body belonged to grant now . 
 i moved when he did , lurching forward like a puppet . 
 he steered me out the door and toward a nondescript black sedan . 
 the fall heat smacked me across the face , and i started to pant . 
 i was on fire . 
 and then i heard shouting . 
 dad and asher sprinted toward us . 
 a surge of relief made my whole body tremble . 
 i 'd never been so happy to see someone in my life . 
 grant dropped my arm as dad threw a punch , connecting with the guy 's jaw . 
 asher grabbed me from the other side and pulled me out of the way . 
 he slipped an arm around my waist . 
 `` are you alright ? '' 
 i tried to nod , but my neck muscles still would n't obey . 
 i met asher 's worried gaze , hoping he could read my thoughts in my eyes . 
 his eyes searched mine , and he nodded once . 
 then the sound of dad pummeling major grant made us turn . 
 dad 's face glowed red , and his hair stood on end . 
 he punched grant over and over , the man 's body jerking with each hit . 
 blood seeped from his split lip and dripped onto his neat button-down shirt , leaving a smear of crimson . 
 but grant just stood there , hands at his sides , not defending himself . 
 `` stop him , '' i whispered . 
 asher leaned me against the car before sprinting across the sidewalk to grab dad 's arm . 
 `` that 's enough , dr. kepler . '' 
 dad glared at asher for a moment before dropping his arm . 
 he turned back to grant . 
 `` what the hell are you doing here ? 
 what did you do to my daughter ? '' 
 the major wiped the blood from his lip with the back of his hand , smearing it with red . 
 `` i did n't do anything to your daughter . 
 we were simply talking . '' 
 dad spoke through gritted teeth , his eyes never leaving grant 's face . 
 `` and that 's why she ca n't move ? 
 you son of a bitch . '' 
 asher grabbed dad 's arm before he could hit grant again . 
 `` dr. kepler , we need to get lexie to a doctor . '' 
 grant 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` before you do something rash , you should consider what 's best for lexie , not some knee-jerk reaction based on your misguided opinions . 
 we can give her opportunities quantum technologies can never match . 
 we 're on the cusp of something great , william . 
 we want you to be a part of it . '' 
 `` and i want you to go to hell . '' 
 they glared at each other , and dad clenched his fists again . 
 if we did n't get away from here , he was going to seriously injure major grant . 
 and i knew the military would prosecute him to within an inch of his life if grant was hurt but dad gritted his teeth , reigning himself in with more self-control than i 'd expected . 
 `` get out of here , grant . 
 before i do something i 'm not going to regret . '' 
 grant shook his head , adjusted his now-ruined shirt . 
 blood splattered the blue cotton like a child 's finger painting . 
 `` this is n't over , kepler . 
 lexie belongs to branston . '' 
 my skin crawled at his words . 
 what did he mean ? 
 dad stepped forward . 
 `` leave her the hell alone . 
 that 's an order . '' 
 grant smirked . 
 `` you know you ca n't touch me , william . 
 i 'm much higher up the food chain . 
 you should be the one watching your back . '' 
 dad grabbed grant by the shoulders and shoved him against the car so hard he grunted on impact . 
 `` lexie will never go to branston . '' 
 dad 's eyes bulged , and a muscle throbbed at his temple . 
 slowly , he dropped his hands and stepped back from grant with a growl . 
 `` i 'm not going to tell you again . 
 if i see you in oak ridge , i 'll kill you myself . '' 
 he grabbed grant 's arm and shoved him into his car . 
 the three of us watched the man drive away , his taillights flashing red before he turned the corner and was gone . 
 dad turned back to me , his face twisted with worry as he studied me . 
 `` lexie ? 
 are you all right ? '' 
 i felt my muscles slowly start to respond as i nodded . 
 `` i think so . '' 
 asher still had his arm around me , and i could n't help leaning into him as he started toward dad 's car . 
 `` let 's get her back to your house . '' 
 his muscles were solid against my side , and his scent wrapped around me , familiar and comforting . 
 i smiled weakly . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 `` any time , lexicon . '' 
 asher and dad almost lifted me into the leather seat , and asher leaned down to look me in the eye . 
 `` it 's going to be okay . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 i took a shaky breath as dad climbed into the driver 's seat . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 asher looked puzzled . 
 `` for what ? '' 
 `` for freaking out at you the other day . '' 
 `` it 's forgotten . 
 get some rest , and i 'll stop by later to check on you . '' 
 he peered further into the car to talk to dad . 
 `` i 'll get my dad from qt . 
 he 'll want to make sure lexie 's okay . '' 
 we pulled away from the curb and started toward home . 
 on the corners , the security bots were frozen , sparks spitting and jumping from inside the chest cavities . 
 someone had sabotaged them to get into town . 
 i did n't even need to guess who . 
 as we drove , the tension grew like a tangle of weeds between dad and me , choking down the questions until the hum of the car engine was the only sound . 
 in the driveway , he eased the car into park and got out , coming around to my side . 
 my muscles felt almost back to normal , but i was glad to have his shoulder to lean on up the path to the house . 
 i slanted a look at him from the corner of my eye . 
 his lips were thinned into a line but i could n't tell if he was still mad at grant ... or at me . 
 once inside , he set me down gently on the couch , then turned away , his shoulders hunched around his ears . 
 dad paced the room , and with his wild hair and tortured face , he looked like the picture of a crazed scientist . 
 he had n't even bothered to take off his lab coat . 
 i watched and counted . 
 four steps from the couch to the window . 
 six steps from the window to the kitchen . 
 three steps from the kitchen to the couch . 
 the image of his tracks popped into my head like someone had drawn them with a marker . 
 it was a perfect scalene triangle . 
 he paced the path twice before he finally shoved his hands into his pockets and turned to me . 
 i curled my shoulders forward and stared at the scuffed tips of his loafers . 
 `` lexie , i 'm sorry . '' 
 i shook my head , still not sure how to respond . 
 so many confused thoughts and emotions swirled through me that i did n't even know where to start . 
 `` we 've tried for so long to keep branston from finding you that we never considered what would happen when they did . '' 
 `` how did they ? 
 you said i was safe here . '' 
 my voice trembled . 
 i did n't want to have to look over my shoulder every time i left the house . 
 he raked a hand through his hair . 
 `` i do n't know , and i do n't like it . '' 
 yeah , understatement of the year . 
 i shook my head . 
 my voice felt rusty and my throat still burned from the drugs , but at least i could talk again . 
 `` dad , grant said you actually went to branston and worked there . 
 why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 why had he lied to me ? 
 again . 
 he paused , stared out the window , and when he spoke , his voice was hollow . 
 `` yes , i went to school at branston . 
 it was the best thing that ever happened to me . 
 the first time i ever felt like i fit in . 
 i worked on special projects , made a name for myself , joined their ranks as a teacher , but once they admitted me to their inner circle , i discovered the truth . 
 the trustees had another agenda , one i could n't go along with . '' 
 his eyes were haunted as he stared at me . 
 `` they were using students as their experiments , performing genetic testing to turn those kids into killers , to make them smart and deadly . 
 i did n't want that to happen to you . '' 
 `` so you decided to experiment on me yourself instead ? '' 
 my voice cracked on the last word . 
 `` never ! 
 at the time , i did n't know there were other options . 
 i did n't know places like quantum technologies existed until i started searching for a way out . '' 
 `` why did n't you drop the pretense , stop giving me the drugs , when you found out ? 
 you 've worked for qt for almost my whole life . 
 why did n't you hide me from branston here ? '' 
 dad started pacing again . 
 `` i did n't trust qt yet . 
 i was scared they 'd be just like branston . 
 i convinced the qt directors we needed to continue the drug research , but i hid your participation in as much paperwork as i could . 
 i told you - i wanted you to have a normal childhood . '' 
 `` normal ? '' 
 my voice rose to a screech , and i pressed a hand to my head as it began to throb . 
 whether from grant 's drugs or this conversation , i could n't tell . 
 `` those drugs made me feel like i was a freak . 
 i thought i was smart , but then i 'd forget things or have to study extra hard for something i 'd learned just the day before . 
 nothing worked right for me . 
 my brain felt like it was either full of holes or it was running on overdrive . 
 and you were n't around , so it 's not like you could see it . 
 i just thought it was the adhd . '' 
 his eyes filled with tears . 
 `` i did n't know . 
 you never said anything , and your mom assured me you were fine . '' 
 `` how could i say anything when i never saw you and we barely spoke ? '' 
 his knuckles went white as he clutched the edge of the couch . 
 `` i 'm sorry , lexie . 
 sorry for so many things . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` sorry is n't enough , dad . 
 people at qt know you drugged me . 
 when they find out ... they 'll hate me for being a freak . '' 
 `` they wo n't find out . 
 only dr. rosen , dr. danvers , and asher know about it . 
 i promise you none of them will tell . 
 they want to keep you safe here at qt as badly as i do . '' 
 my head snapped up . 
 `` you know about asher ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 asher told me himself . 
 he wanted to understand why i 'd do that to you . 
 why i 'd turn off something that made you ... you . '' 
 dad grimaced . 
 `` he had some choice words for me , but he was right . 
 it was n't my decision . 
 and it 's not fair i took those opportunities away from you , no matter how scared i was . 
 i 'm so sorry , lexie . '' 
 i chewed my lip , mind churning with my dad 's words . 
 asher had defended me . 
 to my own father . 
 dad crossed the room and put his hands on my shoulders , forcing me to look at him . 
 `` i know we 've started off badly . 
 but please , can we try again ? 
 can you give me another chance ? 
 branston knows where you are now , and they 'll be waiting for us to slip up again . 
 let me protect you . '' 
 i stared up into his pleading in his eyes . 
 i wanted to trust him , wanted to believe that things would be different , but he 'd disappointed me so many times before . 
 was he still lying to me ? 
 i pleated the hem of my shirt between my fingers . 
 `` dad , the shot grant gave me . 
 he said something about it disabling the nanobots . 
 i thought they only worked at qt . '' 
 dad 's eyebrows reached his hairline . 
 `` what ? 
 how did they know about that ? '' 
 `` know about what ? '' 
 `` the nanobots are for more than just security at qt . 
 they 're also a tracking device and alarm system . 
 qt can activate the bots and find you anywhere in the world . '' 
 he paused , gave me that look again . 
 his voice was hollow when he finally said . 
 `` they can also use them to wipe your brain . '' 
 my skin crawled . 
 `` so if branston were to kidnap me , qt could wipe everything out of my mind ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` it 's supposed to be a fail-safe mechanism . 
 but now , if branston can disable them ... '' dad started pacing again , the tendons in his neck standing out corded and hard . 
 i just wanted him to tell me it was going to be okay . 
 but it was n't . 
 maybe never again . 
 he sighed and shoved his hands into his pockets . 
 `` i 'm going to have to talk to dr. rosen and dr. danvers about this . 
 we need to run some tests to see if there are any side effects . '' 
 my head jerked up at the fear in his voice . 
 the wrinkles around his eyes had deepened , and i noticed for the first time the flecks of gray at his temples . 
 he and mom had sacrificed their lives to protect me . 
 they both could have been famous scientists , working anywhere in the world , but instead , they 'd hidden from branston , moving whenever they got too close . 
 they 'd given up their relationship to keep me safe , and even though their lies still pissed me off , i could almost understand the deception . 
 almost . 
 i nodded . 
 `` dad , i want to trust you , but no more lies , okay ? 
 or forgetting about me or abandoning your responsibilities . 
 we have to work on this . '' 
 he held out a hand . 
 `` i ca n't promise i wo n't make mistakes , but i promise to do my absolute best . '' 
 i shook it . 
 `` it 's a deal . '' 
 11 i fell asleep for most of that afternoon - probably exhausted from whatever drugs grant had injected me with . 
 dad woke me up just before dinner with a soft knock on my door . 
 `` lex ? 
 honey ? 
 time to wake up . 
 dr. rosen and asher are on the way over . 
 i want him to make sure you 're okay and run some tests . '' 
 i moaned and sat up . 
 the last thing i felt like doing was entertaining asher or his dad when i felt like i could sleep for a week . 
 i crawled out from beneath my bedspread and shivered , reaching for my columbus high hoodie . 
 i frowned at the rat 's nest of my hair and scraped it back into a quick ponytail . 
 it would have to do . 
 `` can i get you something ? '' 
 dad asked from the kitchen as i cocooned myself on the couch . 
 `` tea would be great . '' 
 my teeth would n't stop chattering , and i did n't know if it was still shock or the effects of grant 's drugs . 
 the doorbell rang , and i heard my dad answer it . 
 asher and dr. rosen wandered into the living room a moment later . 
 i smiled weakly at them both , and asher frowned . 
 `` lexie , you look tired , '' dr. rosen said , squatting down in front of me and reaching for my wrist . 
 he took my pulse and nodded . 
 `` you do n't seem to have a fever or increased heart rate , though . 
 how do you feel ? '' 
 `` like i got injected with a brain-altering , nanobot-destroying compound . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i hear it hurts . '' 
 dad wandered in carrying a tray with mugs and a teapot . 
 he poured me a mug , and i clutched the warm cup between my hands . 
 `` thanks , dad . '' 
 `` emmet 's going to need to take some blood and do a quick check-up . 
 are you up for that ? '' 
 i nodded and reluctantly put the mug down . 
 `` let 's get it over with . '' 
 dr. rosen followed me to my bedroom where he drew three vials of blood , listened to my heart , and did a general inspection . 
 he frowned several times but did n't say much until we were done . 
 `` i 'm not sure what we 're going to do about the nanobots . 
 i 'll get these samples analyzed , and then we can decide . 
 i 'd feel better if i knew how long the drug stayed in your system or even what it was . 
 i 'm afraid if there 's still a trace of grant 's serum , it 'll just destroy any new nanobots we inject . 
 and we need them working if we 're going to keep you safe . '' 
 `` so what about going to qt then ? '' 
 `` i think it 'll be fine . '' 
 he smiled encouragingly at me , but i could see from the way he rubbed his hand along his jaw he was concerned . 
 `` we 'll get this figured out . 
 i promise . '' 
 together , we wandered back out to the living room . 
 dad had made a fire in the fireplace , and he and asher were sitting in awkward silence in the two armchairs flanking it . 
 both of them sprang to their feet as we entered . 
 i curled up back on the couch and grabbed my mug . 
 dad and dr. rosen exchanged a glance , and i knew they wanted to talk about me in private . 
 somehow , i could n't really bring myself to care . 
 `` call if you need anything , lex , '' he said as they headed into the kitchen . 
 asher moved to the couch , tucking the blanket around my icy toes and then perching on the arm to study me . 
 `` you do n't look so good . '' 
 `` what - a hoodie and a ponytail do n't cut it here in oak ridge ? 
 i 'm shocked . '' 
 `` not what i meant . 
 you look pale . 
 and there are bruises beneath your eyes . 
 if that guy hurt you ... '' his voice trailed off but not before i heard the threat in his voice . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 just tired . 
 it would have been much worse if you and my dad had n't shown up . 
 how did you know ? '' 
 asher 's lips thinned . 
 `` he just felt off . 
 especially after i 'd heard the security bots had exploded . 
 only someone with some seriously advanced tech could have gotten past them . 
 i just wish i 'd gotten there earlier . '' 
 `` well , i appreciate it . '' 
 i stared down into my tea as it finally hit me for the first time . 
 my stomach lurched . 
 they 'd tried to kidnap me . 
 the liquid sloshed over the sides as my hands started to shake , and asher leaned forward to take the mug from me . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 you 're safe now , and we 're not going to let them get that close to you ever again . '' 
 `` but what do they want ? 
 i 'm nothing special . '' 
 my voice broke , and i had to look away from his intense gaze . 
 `` you have n't had time yet to figure out what you are , lexicon . 
 but trust me , you are special . '' 
 his words made me shiver , and i stared into the crackling fireplace , at the flames dancing on the blackened logs . 
 i hated feeling like i stood out , even at qt where everyone else was a freak , too . 
 but special ? 
 did asher know something about all this that i did n't ? 
 from the corner of my eye , i saw asher get up and rummage in his messenger bag before pulling out his laptop . 
 he came back to sit on the couch , his shoulder pressed to mine , the warmth from his body soaking into me and finally driving the shivers away . 
 i felt unexpectedly comfortable with him . 
 `` ok , so now that branston has really pissed me off , i think it 's time for some more information . '' 
 he smiled slyly and cracked his knuckles . 
 `` prepare to see the master at work . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i 've been searching for information on them since monday . 
 even the resident genius ca n't find something that 's not there . '' 
 he winked and pulled up a browser . 
 `` watch and learn , grasshopper . '' 
 if i thought i had mad google skills , they were nothing to what asher had . 
 he crawled into the branston website using a hole in the code , and every time they tried to shut him out , he opened a new one . 
 asher shook his head , fingers flying over the keyboard . 
 `` whoever designed this site thought they were being sneaky with the . 
 php , but not if you leave gaping holes in your code . '' 
 he finally paused and let out a low whistle . 
 `` well , damn . 
 looks like our major grant is on the branston board of trustees . 
 along with one of the heads of the national institute of science , a few foreign nationals , and three army generals . '' 
 he took a screenshot and saved it to his hard drive . 
 `` i can see where they 'd want to keep this secret . 
 i do n't think the scientific community would approve of them being so close with the government . '' 
 i peered over his shoulder , but i did n't recognize the names . 
 and then the page disappeared , replaced by a warning message : `` page not found . '' 
 asher smirked at the screen . 
 `` too little , too late , guys . '' 
 he brought up the code finder in his browser and scanned it quickly . 
 `` just looking for another hole . 
 now that they know we 're here , they 're searching , too , trying to plug them . 
 but i have a few more tricks to play . '' 
 he pulled up the run prompt on his start menu and typed a string of characters . 
 another window popped up . 
 `` this is one of the bots i created to search for deep holes in web codes . 
 it should find us another back door into the site . 
 i want some more information on our major grant . '' 
 i watched , lips parted as the code scrolled through . 
 i caught a few strings of letters and numbers that almost made sense . 
 they tickled the back of my brain , like a memory i 'd forgotten , almost clicking into place , but then asher crowed and started typing again . 
 `` found one . 
 now we race to get there before they shut us down . '' 
 his fingers flew over the keyboard , and i tried to keep up with what he was typing on screen . 
 the website pages flashed by until they stopped on what looked like a personnel file . 
 major timothy grant . 
 asher copied and pasted as much as he could in the five seconds before the site crashed . 
 it was n't much , but as we stared at the info , both of us frowned . 
 hired : 9/1/1989 supervising manager : carla danvers original hiring manager : william kepler skill set : genetic manipulation of dna and rna , particularly in vitro gene therapy resulting in new development and mutation . 
 head of new taskforce to develop enhanced intelligence . 
 my head spun again , and i leaned back against the couch and closed my eyes . 
 `` do i even want to know what that means ? '' 
 asher 's voice was dry as he said , `` it means grant used to report to your dad . 
 and danvers . 
 that 's got to be more than just coincidence . '' 
 `` you are so not making me feel better here . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 makes me really wonder what exactly was in the shot he gave you . 
 and what they intended to do with you once they had you . '' 
 i glared at him . 
 `` seriously , asher . 
 just stop . 
 i ca n't handle this right now . '' 
 `` better to handle it now than later when they have you trapped in their facility . '' 
 i knew he was right , but it was so much easier to ignore it . 
 to hope that my dad would hide me , protect me like he said he could . 
 but i knew that was n't going to happen . 
 i was going to have to deal with this myself . 
 and asher was someone i needed on my team . 
 `` fine , but can we do this tomorrow when my head is n't throbbing ? 
 i think i 'd be a lot more useful . '' 
 `` that 's my girl . 
 we 're going to figure this out . 
 together . '' 
 dr. rosen called the next morning with the results of my blood test . 
 dad was in the middle of making coffee and paused , pressing his finger below his ear . 
 i could n't help staring . 
 the whole communicator thing was still so cool . 
 `` no trace in her system ? '' 
 dad nodded . 
 `` all right . 
 and the nanobots are still intact ? '' 
 he frowned and listened for a few minutes . 
 i tapped my fingernail against the counter impatiently . 
 at least when mom talked on her cell phone , there was the chance i could overhear the conversation . 
 `` that 's strange . 
 grant does n't usually miss the mark like that . 
 thanks for the call , emmet . '' 
 dad pressed his ear again and poured himself a cup of coffee before turning to me . 
 my skin pricked at the furrow forming between his eyebrows . 
 `` dr. rosen says there 's no trace of the drug in your system , and the nanobots are still intact . 
 whatever grant injected you with did n't work . '' 
 i stared at him . 
 `` so what about the side effects ? 
 i could n't move for , like , half an hour . '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 one of grant 's specialties is biochemical engineering . 
 as much as i hate the guy , he 's a thorough scientist . '' 
 and dad would know after supervising him at branston . 
 i chewed my lip . 
 `` well , i guess that 's a good thing then . 
 i can go to school like normal tomorrow . '' 
 he nodded , though he still looked troubled . 
 `` i do n't see why not . 
 i 'm going to have emmet run a few more tests to make sure we have n't missed anything , but if he says you 're fine , i believe him . '' 
 he took another sip of coffee and grimaced . 
 `` what kind of sludge did i buy ? '' 
 `` i think it was on sale last week . '' 
 `` do n't let me go grocery shopping by myself ever again . '' 
 he poured the cup down the sink and smiled at me . 
 `` let 's go get breakfast at coco 's . '' 
 12 `` ha ! 
 checkmate ! '' 
 zella jumped to her feet and the holographic chess board they 'd been using flickered into a burst of miniature fireworks over the lunch table . 
 she did a little dance as max sat back in his chair and glowered at her . 
 `` you just got lucky . '' 
 `` do n't you dare . 
 i worked hard for that win . 
 do you know how many chess sites i had to study to figure out how to beat you ? '' 
 she grinned and popped a grape into her mouth . 
 `` you 're just a sore loser . '' 
 max shook his head but a smile played on his lips . 
 `` fine . 
 it was a good match . 
 but watch out next time . 
 i 'm going to destroy you . '' 
 i rolled my eyes and took another bite of peanut butter and jelly . 
 i 'd given up trying to follow their game . 
 i 'd never quite gotten the hang of chess and these moves were way beyond me . 
 even at lunch , my teammates were overachievers . 
 across the room , i spotted asher striding toward us . 
 i ran a hand through my hair and swiped at my mouth with a napkin . 
 with my luck , i 'd have jelly smeared across my chin and never even know . 
 asher straddled one of the empty chairs at our table and leaned his arms along the back of the seat , his whole body quivering with suppressed excitement . 
 `` did you guys hear the news ? '' 
 zella popped a grape in her mouth and shook her head . 
 `` no , but i bet you 're going to tell us . '' 
 his knees bounced up and down . 
 `` it 's still a secret , so keep this between us , but qt just got awarded a huge new contract . 
 it 's going to change everything . '' 
 zella stopped eating and stared at him with wide eyes . 
 `` what 's it for ? '' 
 i was n't nearly as impressed with his news as i was with the way his `` got science ? '' 
 shirt hugged his chest or brought out the blue in his eyes . 
 a bite of sandwich lodged itself in my suddenly dry throat , and i quickly took a drink of water as asher leaned forward , glanced around the cafeteria to make sure no one was listening . 
 `` it 's for an einstein-rosen bridge , '' he whispered . 
 max dropped his fork on his lunch tray with a clatter . 
 `` a wormhole machine ? '' 
 `` shhh ! '' 
 asher glared at him . 
 `` but the einstein-rosen bridge is theoretical . 
 it does n't exist . '' 
 max shook his head . 
 `` it 's impossible . 
 they 're too unstable to create in the first place . '' 
 asher merely raised an eyebrow . 
 `` this is quantum technologies . 
 do you have any idea what kinds of projects they 've been working on in secret ? '' 
 `` so what does that mean for qt ? '' 
 i asked , trying to find a way into the conversation . 
 three pairs of eyes turned to me , and asher 's grin was smug . 
 `` it 's going to be a huge project . 
 they 'll need all the help they can get , which means they 'll be pulling select groups of students into the project as part of their modules . 
 we 'll be a part of the group of scientists who prove wormholes exist . 
 it 's historic . 
 it 's as important as the manhattan project or the mars rover . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 way to go , kepler . 
 nothing like flaunting your ignorance . 
 my tablet dinged on the table , followed by three more dings as zella , max , and asher all got the same email . 
 zella pulled it up and read it aloud . 
 `` attention all staff and students . 
 please plan to meet in the auditorium at four o'clock today to be part of a historic announcement regarding quantum technologies and our future . 
 i look forward to sharing this exciting news with you . 
 signed , dr. carla danvers . '' 
 `` this is it , '' asher said with a grin . 
 `` how does your dad feel about all this ? '' 
 zella asked . 
 `` will your mom be coming back to work on the project ? '' 
 the smile slipped from asher 's face . 
 `` as far as i know , mom 's still in seattle with no plans to return . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i just wondered . 
 i know her focus is a bit different , but she 's still one of the best physicists in the country . '' 
 `` qt is smart to let someone else lead up the project . 
 dr. jessica rosen is kind of an ass ** le . '' 
 asher stood up , scraping his chair across the floor . 
 `` anyway , just wanted to give you guys a heads up . 
 i 'll catch you later . '' 
 he shoved his hands into his jeans pockets and strode away . 
 i frowned at his retreating back . 
 `` what was that about ? '' 
 zella shook her head . 
 `` asher 's mom left them years ago and has n't bothered to keep in touch even though she still works for qt . 
 it 's kind of sad . '' 
 she popped another grape in her mouth . 
 `` asher has n't been the same since she left . 
 i think that 's when he started his flirting phase . 
 i guess it keeps his mind off other things . '' 
 max shook his head . 
 `` dr. rosen is a genius , but he 's kind of that stereotypical absentminded-professor type . 
 asher 's had to fend for himself . 
 i think he blames his dad for his mom leaving . '' 
 he got to his feet . 
 `` but not like we can do anything about it . 
 time for some more research before the staff meeting . 
 you done yet , zella ? '' 
 she snatched the bag of grapes off her tray and shoved it into her bag . 
 `` i am now . 
 we 'll see you later , lexie . '' 
 her expression was almost friendly as she and max walked away . 
 the quantum technologies auditorium looked like a shining glass bubble on the side of the main qt facility , the curved glass walls and ceiling giving it an open , airy feel . 
 even with the hundreds of bodies milling around , the place was huge . 
 it could probably fit two thousand people in the soft , movie-theater-style chairs ringing the center stage . 
 `` the auditorium is made from high-tech glass , '' max explained as we shuffled toward the middle of the auditorium with the rest of the students . 
 `` it 's filled with heavy particles that can be turned on or off to block the light . 
 comes in handy when you want to display a presentation in the middle of the day . 
 especially since qt hosts an annual conference every scientist in the world would kill to be invited to . '' 
 `` more of the qt exclusivity ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 how else do you generate buzz ? '' 
 he let me shuffle first into our row . 
 the other students whispered and giggled as they filtered in behind . 
 i guessed there were about a hundred of us total , twenty or so in each level . 
 below us , closer to the stage , the scientists and staffers wandered in , chatting with each other as they took their seats . 
 i think the iq number in the room was at least a zillion and three , based on the lab coats . 
 my dad even sported his crazy scientist hair ; it stood on end like he 'd run his hands through it a dozen times . 
 evidently , it had been a rough morning in the labs . 
 unfortunately , jordan seemed more than happy to make him feel better , giggling and flirting with him as they took their seats . 
 dad looked more annoyed with her behavior than anything as he tried to speak with the scientist seated on the other side of him . 
 i spotted dr. rosen entering the auditorium with the medical team . 
 dr. danvers mingled with three people in business suits near the stage . 
 unusual , since most of the staff here wore lab coats or scrubs . 
 i searched the rest of the crowds . 
 of course , i was n't looking specifically for him , but i did n't spot asher anywhere . 
 amy sat a few rows behind us , craning her neck as she scanned the crowds , too . 
 there was an empty seat beside her . 
 at four sharp , dr. danvers moved to the podium and tapped the microphone . 
 `` good afternoon , everyone . 
 thank you for coming on such short notice . 
 we have an amazing announcement to make , and i hope you 'll all be as excited about it as i am . 
 quantum technologies is about to take a major leap into the future . 
 i am pleased to have two of the regents of the quantum technologies board here to help share this news with you - director dr. elisabeth franklin and assistant director dr. john evans . '' 
 the two scientists in suits stepped forward and nodded to the crowd . 
 dr. franklin was a petite black woman with a steely expression . 
 she scanned the crowd , and when her eyes passed over me , i shivered . 
 this was a woman who did n't put up with nonsense . 
 i would n't want to get on her bad side . 
 satisfied with whatever she 'd been looking for , dr. franklin nodded at danvers , who continued . 
 `` the board of directors has been working diligently to get funding for a very special project based on the research we 've been doing into mathematical models of space-time and their physical manifestations . '' 
 danvers paused , her eyes gleaming . 
 `` i am happy to announce we have been awarded a grant to develop a small-scale working model of an einstein-rosen bridge . '' 
 the crowd murmured , and the students sitting around us buzzed with excitement . 
 beside me , max and zella looked a bit smug . 
 `` this is a great honor and a great responsibility . 
 if we are successful , this will put qt at the cutting-edge of quantum physics research and discovery . 
 to head up this project , we need someone who is both a strong leader and a strong scientist . 
 i am very pleased to announce dr. michael avery as the director of project infinity . '' 
 dr. danvers stepped back from the podium , clapping . 
 i frowned as my skeevy advisor sprinted to the stage , his button-down shirt pressed neatly . 
 no crazy scientist look for him . 
 he waved with both arms , like he was some kind of celebrity , and the room thundered with applause . 
 but i noticed several scientists with their heads together , whispering . 
 even dad had a slight frown on his face . 
 `` thank you , everyone , '' dr. avery said , adjusting the microphone to his height . 
 `` i am humbled and honored to be chosen as the lead for this important project . 
 this momentous day has been in the works for almost two years , so i am happy to tell you work on project infinity will begin immediately . 
 dr. danvers and i have assigned the project teams , so without further ado , let me introduce you to the assistant leads on the project . '' 
 he tapped at a tablet on the podium and began to read a list of names . 
 most of them i did n't know , but then he said , `` dr. william kepler will be heading up the particle physics lab . 
 his broad knowledge of string theory will play an important role in understanding the potential of the einstein-rosen bridge . '' 
 i wanted to cheer for dad - i knew this was huge for him - but i restrained myself and only clapped loudly . 
 max glanced at me and grinned before clapping harder as well . 
 avery raised his hands and the applause stopped . 
 `` i am also pleased to announce that the student liaison for this project will be asher rosen , grandson of nathan rosen , who contributed so much to the original theory . 
 he 'll work as an intermediary between scientists and our talented students , and generally lead the effort from our trainees . '' 
 the student section erupted in cheers , and asher stood up from his seat at the front of the auditorium to wave at the crowd . 
 someone in the back row gave a shrill whistle and cat call and he flashed us a cocky grin before sitting back down with the rest of the project leads . 
 dr. danvers watched him with an indulgent smile before resuming her place . 
 `` to celebrate this amazing announcement , we 'll be having a special gala in a few weeks to celebrate the project kick off . 
 i 'll expect you all there in black tie . '' 
 she paused , her face serious . 
 `` i ca n't tell you how important this project is to qt . 
 and to all of us . 
 i am honored we were awarded this contract , but there will be a lot of work ahead of us for the next several years . 
 i have full faith that , together , we can achieve what no one thought possible ! '' 
 the scientists erupted into cheers again , and many of them shot to their feet . 
 it was like watching a high school pep rally in reverse . 
 and slightly painful to see grown men high-fiving each other . 
 then again , the idea of an actual wormhole was pretty cool . 
 if qt could pull this off , it would be a huge deal , and i was going to get to be a part of it . 
 as long as branston left me alone . 
 13 three days later , qt still buzzed with the news . 
 even tucked in my back corner of the library , i heard joan gossiping with every scientist who visited about the first phase of the project and who avery was going to choose to head up the building of the actual wormhole machine . 
 when even the robots were excited , you knew it was big . 
 my email dinged , and i pulled my tablet from my bag . 
 my chest lightened when i saw i had one from asher , but the subject line quickly squashed any pleasure . 
 meeting @ 2:00 for project assignments . 
 i skimmed quickly . 
 asher wanted to meet with our group to talk about where we fit into project infinity . 
 i still was n't sure where i fit at qt , let alone on a project like this , but i wanted to be part of it , more than i 'd ever wanted anything . 
 somewhere i 'd gone from hating the fact that i was stuck here at qt to wanting to be a part of it . 
 ten minutes before two , i packed up my stuff and headed to the labs . 
 asher 's office was in the project infinity wing in division nine where he could run the student projects . 
 i caught sight of my wavy reflection in the metal elevators doors and tugged at my ponytail as i waited . 
 why had n't i worn something besides my old hoodie and a plain white t-shirt ? 
 i looked like such a mess . 
 quickly , i pulled my hair free from the rubber band and shook it out with my fingers , letting it fall around my shoulders . 
 not much better , but it would have to do . 
 at least i 'd straightened it this morning . 
 my usual hermione hair was not a good look . 
 i stuck my tongue out at my reflection just as the elevator doors slid open . 
 `` is that an invitation ? '' 
 asher asked with a grin . 
 he was slouched against the wall , hands shoved into his pockets . 
 i forced a laugh . 
 `` only in your dreams . '' 
 `` ah , lexicon , you do n't even know how often that 's true . '' 
 i did n't think it was possible , but i got even redder and my insides dropped before the elevator had even started to move . 
 asher chuckled . 
 `` yeah , sorry . 
 that was probably a bit much . 
 you headed to my office ? '' 
 i nodded , not confident i could form a coherent sentence . 
 my brain whirled from his flirting . 
 we were just friends , were n't we ? 
 from the corner of my eye , i noticed asher 's hair was carefully messy , and instead of just his usual geeky t-shirt , he 'd thrown a khaki blazer over it . 
 i had to admit , he looked even hotter than normal . 
 the tension between us crackled like the air before a thunderstorm , and the space around me shrank until there was only asher . 
 only the sound of his breathing , his clean-laundry scent . 
 he straightened from his slouch to stare at the numbers on the panel as if he needed to focus on something else . 
 the doors finally slid open , and he gestured with a flourish . 
 `` after you , lexicon . '' 
 i could feel his gaze on me , heavy and hot like a hand on my back , and i shivered . 
 luckily , the walk to his office was short , and we made it in silence . 
 i could n't have thought of a witty comeback if my life had depended on it . 
 max , zella , and amy were already waiting for us when we got there . 
 `` we were just going to send out a search party , '' amy said as we entered the office . 
 `` but then i realized how busy you must be , ash . 
 hopefully we can take some of that off your hands . '' 
 she paused , noticing my flushed cheeks , and narrowed her eyes . 
 asher shrugged and flopped into the chair behind the sleek glass desk . 
 `` it 's not bad . 
 i 'll deal . '' 
 i slid into the empty chair beside the door . 
 max scooted his chair over to give me some more room and leaned over to whisper , `` i 'm glad you guys showed up . 
 amy was about to call out the rescue robots . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` she keeps a short chain on him , does n't she ? '' 
 asher tapped furiously at his keyboard . 
 `` just tweaking a few last-minute assignments . 
 be right with you guys . '' 
 amy still glared at me , like i 'd done something wrong by being alone in asher 's company . 
 he was just a friend , but i 'd be damned if someone was going to dictate who i hung out with . 
 if she was going to go there , i could play that game , too . 
 `` take your time , ash . '' 
 i smiled slowly at him . 
 `` i 'm just excited i was included . 
 i 'm sure you have something cool for all of us to work on . '' 
 an amused smile twisted his lips , and he paused to look up at me . 
 `` glad you think so , lexicon . 
 i have something special planned just for you . '' 
 his gaze was challenging and suggestive . 
 `` i bet you do . '' 
 max and zella glanced between us , plainly confused . 
 amy just looked pissed off . 
 `` okay , i 'm done . 
 let 's get started , shall we ? '' 
 asher tapped at the keyboard on his desk , and a project plan popped up on his huge , flat panel monitor . 
 there were columns for each research area of project infinity and student teams listed below . 
 `` all of the qt students will be rotating through projects , but with all endeavors like this , there are some premium assignments held for the smartest and best . 
 i 've been meeting with small groups all week to talk about their interest and skill level , and i think i have most of the assignments done . 
 but since you 're my project group , i wanted to give you guys the option to think about where you might fit in best . '' 
 amy rolled her eyes . 
 `` seriously , asher . 
 you sound as pompous as dr. avery . 
 give us a break already - we 're all friends here . '' 
 zella snickered . 
 `` you know , she 's right . 
 i was trying to figure out who you reminded me of . '' 
 `` thanks , i love being compared to that douchebag . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow at us . 
 `` do n't you know you 're supposed to flatter your project lead and do anything he says ? '' 
 `` anything ? '' 
 amy purred . 
 she looked like she was going to climb across the desk and rip his shirt off . 
 zella shook her head and rolled her eyes at me . 
 i froze - she was actually being friendly - before rolling mine back at her . 
 time to interrupt the suddenly skanky vibe filling the room . 
 `` since i 'm the new girl here , can you explain all this ? '' 
 i gestured to the computer and asher 's spreadsheets . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he sounded relieved as he pulled up a few more documents , pointedly ignoring amy 's loud sigh . 
 `` i think it would probably help everyone here to know a little more about the project . 
 several years ago , dr. avery had a breakthrough in proving that an einstein-rosen bridge was n't just theoretical . 
 he discovered a new particle , in line with the higgs boson , that hinted that a space-time continuum might be possible . 
 around the same time , the government also became interested in his research and contacted qt to talk about a partnership . 
 with their resources and our scientists , it 's only a matter of time before we have a working model . '' 
 asher 's eyes flashed with excitement , and i could tell this was something he loved . 
 it made me love it , too . 
 i was glad to be part of qt and the work they were doing here . 
 `` one of the first tasks is verifying dr. avery 's calculations and recreating his first tests to make sure there are no mistakes while the machine is being built . '' 
 asher paused and looked around the room . 
 `` i 've handpicked you four as my own special team . 
 i want the best students at qt to help me validate the tests and make sure we 're on the right track . 
 what do you say ? '' 
 zella did a little chair-dance , her curly black hair bouncing . 
 `` count me in . 
 i 've been waiting for this my whole life . '' 
 beside her , max nodded . 
 `` i 'm in . 
 my grandfather is going to be so freaked out when i tell him . 
 he was part of the original work done here in oak ridge . '' 
 amy stared at asher almost reverently . 
 `` i never thought i 'd get to be included in something like this . 
 thank you . '' 
 everyone in the room turned to look at me . 
 zella 's lips thinned before she said , `` what 's lexie going to do ? '' 
 i blinked at her . 
 so much for zella being nice . 
 `` not quite sure why i was included in with the rest of you , huh , zella ? 
 i mean it 's not like i 'm as smart or as advanced , so how could i possibly manage this kind of project ? '' 
 zella 's face flushed , and she looked down at her hands . 
 `` you just started at qt . 
 you do n't have our experience . 
 and this project is too important to mess up . 
 it 's not like i do n't like you personally , but ... '' i narrowed my eyes at her . 
 `` but why am i here ? '' 
 she shrugged , and asher slammed his hand down on the desk . 
 `` i do n't appreciate you questioning my choices here , z. i 'm the one who pulled this team together , and everyone in this room has something to contribute . '' 
 he turned to me , dismissing zella . 
 `` lexie , you and i are going to take a first pass at this calculation . 
 amy , you 'll be working with max and zella to create a simulation of the machine . '' 
 amy 's face fell . 
 `` i thought we 'd be ... if you guys need help ... '' `` we 'll call you guys in if we need it . 
 right now , we need to focus on both of these things . 
 they want to have a first test of the system before the big conference in december . 
 which means we need to get to work right away . '' 
 asher paused , pinning each of us with his gaze . 
 `` unless someone objects to my choices . '' 
 no one moved . 
 `` then i suggest we all get to work . '' 
 max got to his feet and extended his hand . 
 `` thanks for including me , man . 
 i appreciate it . '' 
 asher shook it . 
 `` i ca n't think of anyone i 'd want on my team more . '' 
 max beamed and nodded at zella and amy . 
 `` let 's get moving , ladies . 
 we have some research to do . 
 see you later , lexie ? '' 
 i nodded at him as they shuffled out of asher 's office . 
 the air grew heavy with whatever was between us , and i suddenly wished i was going with them - even with zella . 
 shifting in my chair , i studied the sonic screwdriver asher had in a stand on his desk so i would n't have to meet his gaze . 
 `` thanks for including me . '' 
 he looked up from his keyboard . 
 `` lexie , i know how smart you are . 
 and i know you 're going to add a lot to this team . '' 
 `` you keep saying that , but how do you know ? 
 i sure have n't seen it . 
 and i 've been looking . '' 
 asher leaned forward , and i forced myself to meet his gaze . 
 `` remember your first day here at qt ? 
 as soon as my dad introduced you , all these memories of you came rushing back . 
 when i was a kid , i overheard mom and dad talking about what they were doing to you , and i was horrified . 
 i bugged my mom for weeks to get her to tell me more , but she would n't . 
 eventually , i let it go . 
 forgot about it . 
 until i saw you . '' 
 he looked down at his desk . 
 at his hands . 
 anywhere but at me . 
 `` and then i finally did what i could n't do all those years ago . 
 i hacked into your files to see what they 'd done . 
 i know why your dad was scared for you . 
 your test scores are astonishing , lexie . '' 
 i shook my head , too confused to even know how to feel any more . 
 `` it still did n't give them the right to experiment on me . 
 why did n't my dad just bring me to qt ? '' 
 `` this place is n't as bad as branston , but it has its problems , too . 
 i mean , yeah , we 're building a wormhole machine , but at what price ? '' 
 asher rolled a pen between his long fingers , and i knew he was talking about his absentee mom . 
 a pang of sympathy rushed through me , and i ran a finger along the beveled edge of the glass desk . 
 i 'd never told anyone about this , not even my mom . 
 `` when i was a kid , i memorized the entire periodic table so i could impress my dad . 
 and then he got too busy with something here at work to call . 
 i waited by the phone every day for two weeks . '' 
 asher glanced up , slid a hand over mine and squeezed . 
 `` my mom and i were supposed to go camping when i was eight . 
 i memorized all the constellations in the summer sky . 
 then she went to switzerland for a conference and never came back . '' 
 our gazes met , and i knew the pain i saw in his eyes looked exactly like my own . 
 i wanted to hug him , to make it go away . 
 he kept talking , like he 'd never said the words before . 
 `` i know i should forgive her , but i hate my mom for abandoning me . 
 i understand her reason - my dad is the worst person in the world to be married to . 
 he can barely remember to brush his teeth , let alone remember he has a family , but it does n't make it any easier . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i have my own parental abandonment and lying issues to deal with . 
 but you already know about those . '' 
 i was being more honest with asher than i 'd ever been with anyone . 
 it felt good but scary . 
 he gave me one of those twisted smiles , and where our hands touched , my body felt like it was on fire . 
 like there was more than just skin connecting us . 
 `` your parents ' behavior has nothing to do with who you are . 
 you are an amazing person , and if you had n't experienced this , you would n't be you , lexie . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` that 's good advice . 
 perhaps something you should consider for yourself ? '' 
 he grimaced , but i continued . 
 `` it works both ways . 
 just because your dad is sometimes too blind to see what an astonishing person you are , does n't mean it 's not true . '' 
 asher glanced away , his shoulders tense . 
 both of us had been broken by what our parents had done , but maybe together we could be all right . 
 maybe together we could work through it . 
 and that first step was to stop feeling sorry for ourselves . 
 i pulled back . 
 `` wait just a minute , asher rosen . 
 did i hear you right ? 
 you hacked into my records ? 
 does n't qt have even tougher security than branston ? '' 
 a grin crept to his lips . 
 `` you saw my skills . 
 i watched that movie war games when i was six . 
 when it was over , it only took me half an hour to break into nasa . 
 mom did n't let me watch tv again for months . '' 
 `` i do n't even want to know what other trouble you 've gotten into , do i ? '' 
 the pain faded from his eyes , and he smirked at me , almost back to his flirtatious self . 
 `` oh , i think you do . 
 over dinner maybe ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 i could n't help myself . 
 `` oh my god , do you ever give up ? '' 
 `` not until you say yes . '' 
 his eyes sparkled blue and green , and i had a hard time coming up with a reason not to . 
 then i remembered amy 's scowl . 
 i still had no idea if they were seriously dating or not , but that was enough to make me pull back . 
 `` how about you give me some of those hacking lessons first ? 
 i have a feeling it might come in handy . '' 
 `` and give away my secrets ? 
 never . 
 but i will show you how to bypass security and sneak into the kitchens . 
 i might even show you my secret stash of cookies if you 're really good . '' 
 i grinned . 
 `` cookies ? 
 how did you guess they 're my kryptonite ? 
 you 're on . '' 
 14 `` let 's go over the original calculation again . '' 
 asher brought up dr. avery 's work on his computer . 
 we 'd spent every afternoon for the last week in his office , working on deciphering the jumble of letters and numbers and strange symbols filling his huge monitor . 
 i groaned . 
 `` i 'm never going to admit it to anyone but you , but i still have no idea what i 'm even looking at , let alone how it all fits together . '' 
 asher lounged back in his chair , arms behind his head . 
 `` well , is n't it lucky i do ? 
 and i 'm an exceptionally patient teacher . '' 
 `` i 'll believe that when i see it . '' 
 i opened my notebook . 
 `` let 's try again . '' 
 we 'd fallen into an easy , joking sort of friendship , and for the first time , i let myself hope i might fit in at qt . 
 i still battled with my own feelings of stupidity , though . 
 i could feel things getting easier , my brain seemed to pick up concepts quicker , but i hated i could n't just look at the equation and know immediately what it meant . 
 i hated asher had to waste his time explaining things to me i would have already known if i 'd been at qt for more than a month . 
 every time i asked a question , i felt like an idiot . 
 we 'd been at it two hours when asher shook his head and turned off his monitor . 
 `` stop it , lexicon , '' he said . 
 `` you have that look again . '' 
 `` what look ? '' 
 `` the one that says you 're ashamed of yourself for not knowing something . 
 you need to give yourself a break . '' 
 `` you need to mind your own business , '' i muttered . 
 asher smirked . 
 `` i 'm going to pretend i did n't hear you . 
 listen to me , lexie . 
 i like answering your questions , and they 're not stupid . 
 they 're making me think about this whole formula in an entirely different way . 
 that 's a good thing . '' 
 `` if amy or zella or max were here , you 'd already be done . '' 
 i frowned at my tablet , and the squiggly line that meant sigma . 
 `` if they were here , we 'd still be working on it , too . 
 this is a tough assignment . 
 why else do you think i picked you to help ? '' 
 `` because you felt sorry for me ? '' 
 `` because i knew you were the best person for the job . 
 sometimes we need an outsider 's perspective and ideas to catch the holes in something . '' 
 my laugh was angrier than i intended . 
 `` and what an outsider i am . '' 
 asher sighed . 
 `` i think we 're done for the day . 
 when you start feeling sorry for yourself , it 's time for us to quit . '' 
 he glanced at the clock on the wall . 
 `` how about some dinner ? 
 we 'll stop by the lab and let your dad know i 'm taking you out . '' 
 i hated he was right . 
 i was feeling sorry for myself . 
 and i could feel myself getting grumpy from being hungry , so i nodded . 
 `` fine . 
 but only because my dad said he might have to work late and i do n't want to get stuck here all night . '' 
 asher smirked . 
 `` you 're always so gracious , lexicon . '' 
 he locked his computer and shoved his tablet into his messenger bag before we left . 
 as we made our way toward my dad 's lab , i snuck glances at him walking easily beside me , hands shoved into his pockets . 
 it amazed me that we 'd become friends . 
 he still tried to flirt with me , but i realized now he usually did it when he was feeling nervous or uncomfortable . 
 his flirty personality was like armor , something he pulled on to face his enemies or hide from his friends . 
 when we were alone together , working on the calculation or talking through one of the lines of formula , he was just asher . 
 brilliant , funny , vulnerable . 
 `` why so serious ? '' 
 he asked in his best joker voice . 
 it bounced off the walls and echoed eerily in the silent hallway . 
 most of the labs on this floor were empty since dr. danvers had transitioned all the project infinity staff to division nine to work on the wormhole device . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` not serious . 
 just thinking . '' 
 he raised an eyebrow but did n't push me . 
 i liked that about him . 
 somehow , he always knew when to leave things alone . 
 and then i realized i just liked asher in general . 
 not in that `` he 's cute and i want to date him '' sort of way . 
 i genuinely liked him as a person . 
 he was the first guy i 'd ever felt like that about . 
 of course , he was cute and i definitely would n't mind dating him , but i shoved those thoughts away . 
 focus on the project , kepler . 
 we reached my dad 's office , and i pushed open the door , letting it bang against the wall to announce our presence . 
 there was no way i wanted to risk a repeat of last time . 
 i was still scarred from seeing jordan all over him . 
 dad 's office was unexpectedly empty , but i spotted him and jordan down the hall , bent over one of the lab computers . 
 he looked up as we entered . 
 `` do n't tell me i 'm late . 
 i swear it 's only four o'clock . '' 
 `` you 're fine , dad . 
 asher and i are going to grab dinner . 
 feel free to take as long as you need . '' 
 i knew he was stressing over his project infinity assignment ; he 'd been spending more and more time locked in his labs . 
 he was even distracted when we were home at night , constantly tapping on his tablet or staring off into space . 
 `` good idea . 
 i have some catching up to do , so i might be a bit late . 
 do n't worry if i 'm not home before you go to bed . '' 
 i tried not to think too hard about what might make him that late . 
 or if it had to do with jordan . 
 `` sure . 
 see you later , dad . '' 
 jordan waved . 
 `` bye , lexie . '' 
 i pulled asher from the room , eager to escape her sickly sweet personality and grating voice . 
 `` she 's not that bad , '' he said as we waited for the elevator . 
 `` she 's trying to hook up with my dad . 
 of course she is . '' 
 he shrugged as we stepped inside the elevator . 
 `` maybe you should give them a chance . 
 your dad 's been alone a long time . 
 he deserves some happiness . '' 
 my jaw fell open , and he grinned at me . 
 `` does n't hurt she 's hot . 
 he 's kind of my hero . '' 
 i punched him in the shoulder . 
 `` oh my god . 
 do n't even go there . 
 i do n't care if she 's the ugliest woman on the planet . 
 he 's my dad , and he should not be making out with someone just a few years older than me . 
 or an employee . 
 it 's just gross . '' 
 `` where else is he going to find someone ? '' 
 asher gestured . 
 `` it 's not like we 're in the middle of a huge town . 
 qt is about the only place to meet people . 
 he 's hardly the first to date a coworker here . 
 some of the scientists have taken to calling it ` fishing . ' 
 you know - catch and release . '' 
 i put my hands on my hips . 
 `` and of course you 'd know all about that ? '' 
 he gave me a crooked grin , and my stomach swooped . 
 i shrugged and tried to play it cool . 
 `` i guess i 'll have to find out firsthand . 
 there 's no shortage of smart guys around . 
 maybe i should do some fishing myself . '' 
 `` oh , no , you do n't . '' 
 he wagged a finger at me . 
 `` i was here first . '' 
 `` what about amy ? '' 
 `` i do n't think amy 's interested in you like that . '' 
 the elevator doors slid open , and i laughed at him over my shoulder as i exited . 
 `` ha ha . 
 very funny . 
 just so you know , i 'm not dating someone based on a game of dibs . 
 sorry , ash . '' 
 `` are you two dating ? '' 
 dr. rosen asked , looking puzzled . 
 `` did i miss something ? '' 
 my face went from zero to red in 2.5 seconds , and i stammered out a laugh . 
 `` um , no , dr. rosen . 
 we were just joking around . '' 
 he glanced between us , raised one bushy eyebrow . 
 `` i see . '' 
 asher scuffed the toe of his chucks on the marble floor . 
 `` we 're grabbing some dinner at coco 's . 
 want me to bring you back something ? '' 
 dr. rosen shook his head . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i 'll try to grab something from the cafeteria . 
 i 'm probably going to be late . 
 avery has us all working around the clock to get this first round of testing done . 
 he 'd better ease up soon . 
 i ca n't have the staff walking around here like zombies . '' 
 `` make sure you set a reminder , '' asher said with a frown . 
 `` you know you wo n't remember . '' 
 but dr. rosen just waved a hand and turned to me . 
 `` you worry too much . 
 and how are you feeling , lexie ? 
 any more side effects from grant 's shot ? '' 
 `` not as far as i can tell . '' 
 he studied me before nodding . 
 `` good . 
 i 'm still running tests , but it seems like whatever it was just did n't work . 
 please let me know if anything changes , though . '' 
 `` thanks , dr. rosen . '' 
 `` my pleasure . 
 now , go have your dinner . 
 i 'll see you at home , son . '' 
 he paused , turned to me with his eyes sparkling . 
 `` and lexie ? 
 go easy on him , asher 's a good kid . 
 most of the time . '' 
 i smiled over at asher . 
 `` yeah , he has his moments . '' 
 coco 's was dead when we walked in . 
 we 'd beaten the dinner rush by a good half hour , and most of the tables sat empty . 
 coco waved at us , a chunky bracelet with skulls and flowers around her wrist jangling with the movement . 
 `` sit wherever you want . 
 i 'll be over to get your orders in a minute . '' 
 asher picked a booth along the back wall , and i slid in across from him . 
 we were tucked in a back corner , semi-secluded from the rest of the place , and i wondered if he 'd picked this spot for a reason . 
 the thought made my pulse speed up . 
 `` so what 's good here ? '' 
 i asked , scanning the menu , trying to play it cool . 
 asher 's eyes widened . 
 `` you have n't eaten here yet ? 
 what have you been doing for food ? '' 
 `` i can cook . 
 kind of . 
 and dad has the pizza place on speed dial . 
 we 've been managing . '' 
 he snatched the menu from my hands and tucked it behind the ketchup . 
 `` i 'm ordering for you today . '' 
 he raised that eyebrow at me again . 
 `` you 're not vegetarian , are you ? '' 
 i could n't stop my laugh . 
 `` i grew up in ohio . 
 we 're firmly steak-and-potatoes kind of people . '' 
 `` good . 
 because coco makes this burger . 
 it 's ... indescribable . '' 
 `` in a good way i hope . '' 
 i brushed my bangs out of my eyes and looked around . 
 coco was chatting with a scientist at the bar , but otherwise , we were alone . 
 `` definitely . '' 
 he slouched back in his seat and tilted his head , studying me with a half-smile . 
 his gaze made my skin feel too small for my body , and i shifted on the bench . 
 it always felt like he saw things other people missed , like he used his amazing brain to understand people in a way nobody else could . 
 `` i 'm glad you finally came to your senses . 
 i 'm not used to working this hard to get a girl to go out with me . '' 
 the dimple flashed in his cheek , and his eyes darkened . 
 i shook my head , biting back a laugh . 
 as much as i wished otherwise , i knew by now that asher 's flirting never meant anything . 
 `` that was working hard ? 
 wow , i 'm going to have to step it up then . 
 i 've made it way too easy on you . '' 
 `` lexicon , you could never be easy . '' 
 his blue eyes were serious , at odds with his playful tone . 
 `` that 's what i like about you . '' 
 `` ah , so the more complicated , the better ? 
 does n't that scare most guys off ? '' 
 `` i 'm not most guys . 
 you should know that by now . '' 
 i had to look away from his intense gaze before i could even find the words to respond . 
 `` are n't you ever serious ? '' 
 `` why are you always serious ? '' 
 i looked down at the scarred surface of the table , traced one of the gouges with my finger . 
 the words rushed out before i could think them through . 
 `` i 've had to be . 
 it 's the only way i know how to act . 
 hide behind whatever character someone expected me to play . 
 daughter . 
 student . 
 classmate . 
 how could i be myself when i did n't know who i was ? 
 until last month , i was someone else . 
 someone with a different brain and different way of seeing things . 
 i 'm still trying to figure it out . '' 
 asher leaned forward , his eyes searching mine , but before he could respond , coco showed up to take our order . 
 like a flip had switched , asher was bright and funny again , his sudden seriousness gone . 
 i was n't the only one who played roles around here . 
 `` this is lexie 's first dinner here , coco . 
 let 's give her the works . 
 she 's going to need a basket of chili cheese fries , one of your deluxe burgers , an italian soda - cherry , i think - and a piece of your cheesecake when we 're done . 
 might as well give me the same thing . '' 
 coco grinned . 
 `` you sure do know the way to a girl 's heart , do n't you , darlin ' ? 
 you 're in for a treat , lexie . '' 
 she slipped her tablet in her pocket and made for the kitchen . 
 i smiled cheerfully at her pixie cut and her slight frame . 
 the girl was nothing i would have expected to find in oak ridge , and that made me happy . 
 it also made me happy that she 'd interrupted a conversation that had gotten way to serious . 
 i waved my hand around the restaurant . 
 `` this place is amazing . 
 i 'm eating dinner made by a goth girl chef - who also happens to be a scientific genius - in a town full of the smartest people in the world . 
 i ca n't get over it . '' 
 `` luckily , you do n't have to . 
 come on , branston has nothing on us . 
 i mean , i 'm not there . '' 
 i smirked . 
 `` and what makes you so special ? '' 
 `` besides resident genius status ? '' 
 `` ha ha . 
 seriously , if you pull that out one more time , i 'm going to start wondering if you 're trying too hard . '' 
 `` only with you , lexie . '' 
 i did n't know whether to roll my eyes or blush , so of course , i went on the defensive . 
 `` you say that to all the other girls , too ? 
 what about amy ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` there are worse things than having lots of friends who happen to be brilliant ... and female . 
 that 's what amy is . 
 a friend . 
 besides , i just like to get to know people . 
 to figure them out . '' 
 i arched an eyebrow . 
 `` you play catch-and-release , too ? '' 
 `` i used to . '' 
 my mouth went dry . 
 was that what he was doing with me ? 
 i thought we were friends , but once he 'd figured me out , would he release me , too ? 
 some of my worry must have shown in my face because he reached across the table to touch the back of my hand . 
 `` lexie , it 's not like that . 
 no matter how much i joke about it , i 'm genuinely interested in people . 
 i like figuring them out . 
 i like learning who they are . 
 especially you . 
 because maybe if i can figure them out , i can figure other things out as well . 
 like ... why i feel the need to impress you more than anyone else . '' 
 he looked away , but i caught the vulnerability in his eyes . 
 the door jangled as a group of laughing qt students walked in . 
 i spotted amy the same time she spotted us . 
 a surge of disappointment twisted through me . 
 she made for our table , sliding in beside asher and bumping him with her shoulder . 
 she glared at his hand touching mine until he pulled it away . 
 i dropped my hand to my lap and rubbed the spot where his touch still seared my skin . 
 `` you guys should have called . 
 i would have met up with you , '' amy said , her gaze darting between us . 
 his face was expressionless . 
 `` we got done early . '' 
 `` well , i 'm here now , so it 's all good . '' 
 she turned to me , though she still leaned her shoulder against asher 's . 
 `` how 's everything going , lexie ? 
 with all the project stuff going on , we have n't had much of a chance to get to know each other yet . 
 how do you like qt ? '' 
 `` i 'm getting used to it . 
 slowly . 
 it 's not quite like columbus high . '' 
 `` right . 
 you went to public school . '' 
 she wrinkled her nose . 
 `` i ca n't imagine having to deal . 
 were there cliques and bullies and stuff ? '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` it was just a normal high school . 
 and there are cliques in qt , too . '' 
 `` yeah , i guess there are . 
 i just do n't think i could handle some place so ... understimulating . '' 
 she watched asher from the corner of her eye . 
 `` but you probably fit in better there , huh ? 
 i mean , with people more your level ? '' 
 i forced myself not to react , though more than anything i wanted to reach across the table and slap the smug expression off her face . 
 she smiled sweetly . 
 `` oh , look , your food 's here . '' 
 coco carried a huge tray over to our table and slid the burgers in front of us . 
 a basket of chili cheese fries hulked in the middle of the table . 
 my stomach growled loudly . 
 amy laughed at me and shook her head at coco . 
 `` can i get a caesar salad and a diet coke please ? '' 
 `` sure , darlin ' . 
 i 'll bring it right over . '' 
 amy turned back to me . 
 `` asher and i used to come here every wednesday for the burgers , but then i started getting a little pudgy . 
 i had to stop . '' 
 she patted her flat stomach , and i tried not to glare at her . 
 i was n't fat , but i was n't rail-thin like her . 
 more importantly , what i looked like had nothing to do with who i was , and i hated this girl for making me feel like it did , even for a split-second . 
 asher seemed oblivious to the subtext in our exchange and was busily shoveling down his hamburger . 
 i ignored amy 's sneers and tried mine , closing my eyes at the deliciousness . 
 `` oh my god , asher . '' 
 `` right ? '' 
 he grinned at me . 
 `` just wait till you try the fries . '' 
 `` i may have to sneak one , even though it 's so not on my diet . '' 
 amy 's giggle made my head ache . 
 she snagged a gooey fry and popped it in her mouth , then shook her head . 
 `` oh , ash , you have mayo all over your chin . '' 
 she grabbed a napkin from the dispenser and dabbed at his face . 
 my chest ached , and i forced myself to chew deliberately as i stared down at my plate . 
 they were just friends , huh ? 
 amy spent the next half hour chatting about friends i did n't know , about things that obviously had nothing to do with me . 
 it did n't take a genius to see she was trying to exclude me , but playing the game just seemed too exhausting , so i focused on my amazing hamburger instead . 
 when coco wandered over to check on us , i put on my best smile . 
 `` this whole meal is fantastic . 
 i do n't think i 've ever tasted anything like it . 
 will you move in with me , coco ? '' 
 `` as long as your daddy 's there , i 'm packing my bags right now . '' 
 she grinned at me . 
 `` but seriously , i 'm glad you like it . 
 next time you 're in , you 'll have to try my portobello lasagna . 
 it 's amazing if i do say so myself . 
 everything else all right ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i think i 'm ready for my check when you get a chance . '' 
 `` i got this , coco . '' 
 asher waved his hand . 
 `` my treat . '' 
 amy kissed his cheek . 
 `` you 're the best . 
 thanks , ash . '' 
 but i shook my head . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i 'll pay for my own . '' 
 i stared at coco willing her to follow my instructions . 
 she glanced between the three of us but finally nodded . 
 `` i 'll be back with the bills . '' 
 asher glared at me but did n't say anything . 
 i ignored him and finished the last two fries . 
 `` i need to be getting home . 
 thanks for the company , guys . '' 
 `` no , i 'll drive you home . 
 amy , you do n't mind , do you ? '' 
 a flicker of indecision crossed her face . 
 `` actually , i was hoping you could help me with the piece of the project i 'm working on . 
 i had a few questions . 
 if you do n't mind . '' 
 asher hunched his shoulders , and i decided to put both of us out of our misery . 
 i could not handle hanging around watching amy flirt . 
 `` my house is only a couple of blocks from here . 
 i do n't mind walking at all . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` amy , do you mind waiting ? 
 it 'll only be a few minutes . '' 
 triumph shone in her eyes , and she knew she 'd won this round . 
 `` of course not . '' 
 i dug my debit card out of my pocket as coco returned with the checks . 
 `` i can put it on your dad 's tab if you want , '' she suggested . 
 `` great . 
 i did n't know he had a tab . '' 
 `` all the scientists do . 
 comes right out of their paychecks . '' 
 she winked at me . 
 `` sometimes i think they eat here more than they eat at home . '' 
 `` well , i know i 'll be back . '' 
 i slid from the booth . 
 `` thanks , coco . '' 
 `` no problem , love . '' 
 amy stood up as well . 
 `` have a good night , lexie . 
 i 'll be waiting right here for you , ash . 
 hurry back . '' 
 she waved as asher and i left the restaurant . 
 we were both silent as we climbed into his car . 
 the lights from downtown glowed softly around us , and i looked away from asher 's handsome profile . 
 instead , i watched laughing couples stroll down the sidewalk . 
 he started the car and pulled out into traffic . 
 `` look , lexie ... '' `` do n't worry about it . 
 not a big deal . '' 
 but i was lying . 
 it was a friday night at the end of september . 
 the air smelled of bonfires and cider , and i 'd been looking forward to hanging out with asher instead of being trapped alone at home for a change . 
 but now ... `` i have some homework to catch up on anyway . '' 
 `` but i promised we 'd do something . '' 
 `` it was just dinner . 
 and it does n't matter . 
 amy needs your help . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` do you remember where i live ? 
 just around the corner here . '' 
 `` of course i remember . '' 
 he pulled up in front of my dad 's house and put the car in park . 
 he turned to me in the almost-dark , his eyes glinting . 
 `` amy and i are just friends now . 
 no matter what it looks like , lexie . '' 
 `` it does n't matter to me who you 're dating or not . 
 but just a suggestion about that catch-and-release game you like to play ? 
 when you release someone , you might want to make sure they know they 're off the hook . '' 
 i pushed open the car door . 
 `` thanks for the ride . 
 see you monday . '' 
 `` lexie ... '' i slammed the door on whatever he was going to say and sprinted up the front walk . 
 15 the one good thing about amy 's unexpected appearance at dinner was it gave me the push i needed to prove her wrong . 
 for some reason , her sly innuendo i was n't good enough did more to piss me off than anything zella had ever said . 
 i spent the rest of the night going over the formulas asher and i had already worked through , trying to understand them . 
 unfortunately , my brain started to ache within five minutes of starting . 
 the formulas looked like they 'd been written in another language , and no matter how long i stared , waiting for something to make sense , nothing clicked . 
 it had been a lot easier with asher helping me through it . 
 i threw my pencil down on the dining room table . 
 i was never going to get this on my own , and dad was still out . 
 not to mention i could n't expect him to help me out at school . 
 my classmates were already suspicious i 'd gotten special favors . 
 no , i was going to have to figure this out myself . 
 i started again , reading through asher 's notes from the beginning where he 'd helped me try to understand some of the theory behind avery 's discovery . 
 this was impossible . 
 i stared at the notes again , read them slowly - piece by piece - until it finally started to compute . 
 okay . 
 got it . 
 i moved on to the next section of his notes and reread those until they made sense . 
 but the deeper i dug into avery 's formula , the more confused i got . 
 it looked good and almost worked , but there was something missing , something that squawked all wrong . 
 unfortunately , i was n't smart enough to figure it out . 
 i could n't spot it ; i could just feel it . 
 i wrote and rewrote the formula , moving it , tweaking it , playing with it until i 'd filled half a notebook and my hand cramped from clutching my pencil and my eyes felt like dried-out dishrags . 
 whatever was wrong with the stupid thing , i was n't going to find it tonight . 
 yawning , i turned off my tablet and made my way to my room . 
 when had it gotten to be one o'clock in the morning ? 
 and where was dad ? 
 he should have been home hours ago , even if he was with jordan . 
 i shuddered and picked up my pace . 
 the last thing i wanted to see was him coming home all glowy from a date . 
 i brushed my teeth at quantum speed and finally crawled into bed . 
 but even after i closed my eyes , numbers danced behind my eyelids . 
 i dreamt of them all night , waking up briefly when i heard the front door close around three , and then falling back into a nightmare where albert einstein and nathan rosen screamed at me for being so stupid and ruining their experiment . 
 i woke up the next morning , stretching as the sunlight streamed in the window and warmed my side of the bed . 
 i did n't feel like i 'd slept at all , and i lay in bed for a minute , staring at the travel poster i 'd pinned to the far wall . 
 `` visit egypt , '' it said with a vintage illustration of the pyramids . 
 the pyramids reminded me of the symbol for wavelength . 
 and then something clicked in my brain . 
 something i could actually test . 
 i shoved my feet into a pair of slippers and headed for the kitchen . 
 coffee before science , no matter how excited i was to get working . 
 dad had already beaten me to it . 
 he blinked blearily as he poured himself a cup , his sandy hair standing on end , his jaw shadowed with stubble . 
 i leaned against the counter and crossed my arms . 
 `` what time exactly did you get home last night , young man ? 
 do we need to talk about a curfew ? '' 
 he pulled another mug out for me , filling it to the top . 
 i curled my fingers around it , soaking up the heat . 
 `` i was worried , you know . 
 you could have at least told me you were going to be out that late . '' 
 a blush stained dad 's cheeks . 
 `` sorry , lex . 
 i did n't expect to be out that long . 
 i promise i 'll check in next time . '' 
 i frowned at him . 
 since when had i turned into the parent ? 
 and honestly , discussing my father 's potential love life just was n't right . 
 `` just do n't let it happen again or we 'll have to talk about punishments . '' 
 i took another sip of coffee , feeling the blessed caffeine start to work through me . 
 `` what 're you up to today ? 
 we should probably get some groceries . 
 we 're still drinking this same old sludge coffee . '' 
 he stared into his mug and got that apologetic tone to his voice that i hated . 
 `` sorry , honey . 
 i have to go in to work this morning . 
 avery wants to run some tests , and i need to be there . 
 is tomorrow okay ? '' 
 he had to go to qt . 
 where the project computers were . 
 i chewed my lip . 
 if i went with dad , i might be able to test my theory in asher 's lab . 
 and if i was completely wrong , i would n't look like an idiot because no one else would be around . 
 i did n't really want to spend a saturday there , but if it would help me get ahead , i 'd suck it up . 
 `` mind if i hitch a ride ? 
 i have some work i should catch up on , too . '' 
 `` for the project ? '' 
 dad nodded . 
 `` of course . 
 i might not be able to get out of there at a decent hour , but you can take the shuttle home if you need to . '' 
 `` great . 
 i 'll go get dressed . '' 
 an hour later , i pressed my finger to the scanner to unlock asher 's lab , then snapped on the lights . 
 the room was about the size of dad 's house , but right now , only part of it was in use . 
 two long tables held four state-of-the-art computers and monitors . 
 a server bank sat along one wall , and max had created a robotics station , with a table full of tools i 'd never seen before . 
 the room was silent and chilly , and i rubbed my arms , trying to ignore the hum of the machines . 
 if i let myself , i would start imagining they 'd come to life . 
 or were watching me . 
 i hiked myself up on one of the tall stools and powered on a computer . 
 max , zella , and amy 's assignment had been to design a simulation of the wormhole machine we could use to verify our formulas . 
 they 'd finished it three days ago , and now it was time to take it for a test drive . 
 i opened the program to enter avery 's formula into the system . 
 the clicking sound of the keyboard filled the room , and when i was done , i scanned his numbers again . 
 i 'd bet my life there was something wrong with his equation . 
 my finger trembled as i clicked the simulation button . 
 on the monitor , the machine started working as expected . 
 twenty percent , forty percent , sixty percent . 
 maybe i was wrong after all . 
 maybe i did n't know what i was talking about . 
 the computer gave a long , low tone and then started beeping , increasing in speed until it was a steady scream in my ears . 
 the screen flashed red warning text across the top as it hit seventy percent complete and a computerized voice said , `` warning : experiment unstable . '' 
 a second later , the entire simulation exploded on the screen in a wave of particles . 
 the voice came again , like a disapproving teacher . 
 `` experiment failed . '' 
 i frowned at the computer . 
 yeah . 
 that was not supposed to happen . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i gasped , spinning around on my stool . 
 `` asher . 
 you scared the crap out of me ! '' 
 he shrugged , his eyes looking tired . 
 `` sorry . 
 i did n't expect anyone else to be here today . 
 thought i 'd get some extra work in . '' 
 he shuffled past me to dump his bag on a desk , and i wrinkled my nose . 
 he smelled like the perfume amy always wore . 
 my jaw tightened , but i refused to acknowledge it . 
 i had no reason to be jealous . 
 not technically anyway . 
 instead , i spun back to my computer and started clearing the simulation data . 
 `` yeah , i needed to check some numbers i was working on last night , and then i remembered the sim max and zella built . 
 i did n't think i 'd be bothering anyone if i came in today . '' 
 `` not at all . 
 i would have been here sooner , but i had to drop amy at her house . 
 we worked on her piece of the project way too late , and she crashed on my couch last night . '' 
 was he blushing ? 
 oh my god . 
 had they hooked up ? 
 after he 'd told me they were just friends ? 
 `` ah . '' 
 i pretended to study the computer screen . 
 i did n't care . 
 i could n't care . 
 i had more important things to focus on , like figuring out what was wrong with this calculation . 
 unfortunately , asher was the one person who might be able to help me . 
 he shuffled in his bag and refused to look at me . 
 an awkward silence filled the room as i watched the cursor blinking in an empty field . 
 finally , i pushed aside my feelings and said , `` before you get started , would you mind looking at something for me ? '' 
 `` sure . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 i was going over avery 's equations last night , trying to make sense of them , and something kept bothering me . 
 i think the numbers in this part of his formula are wrong . '' 
 asher stood beside me as i pointed to my tablet and the calculations i 'd come up with . 
 he furrowed his eyebrows , his lips moving as he read through my changes . 
 `` you know , i think you might be right . 
 how did i miss it ? '' 
 `` i ran avery 's original calculations through the simulation max built . 
 look what happens . '' 
 i clicked the simulate button again , and asher watched the wormhole machine explode on-screen . 
 `` but if i change one section to my new numbers , everything seems to work . 
 or at least the first part of the experiment does . 
 i have n't gotten all the way through yet . '' 
 i changed the numbers again , and the computer ran through the project successfully . 
 asher started pacing the lab . 
 `` this just does n't make sense . 
 how could avery and his team have missed this ? 
 it seems like it 's a fundamental problem with the initial mass structure . '' 
 `` maybe they compensated somewhere else ? '' 
 i played with the numbers a bit . 
 `` see , if you leave it like this , the mass generator will work - up to a certain point . 
 but once you pass this threshold , everything changes . 
 it becomes unstable . '' 
 asher leaned closer to get a better look at the computer , and i could n't help but watch the way his long eyelashes grazed his cheekbones . 
 it should be illegal for any guy to have lashes like that . 
 i frowned and jerked my gaze back to the computer . 
 i did n't need this kind of distraction , especially if he 'd hooked up with amy last night . 
 he was nothing but a flirt and a smart ass . 
 letting my guard down around him was only going to get me in trouble . 
 he straightened and shook his head at me . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i 'm not sure how you ... '' i jumped down from the stool and moved away from him , arms crossed . 
 `` how i figured that out ? 
 gee , thanks . 
 i appreciate your faith in me . '' 
 asher rolled his eyes . 
 `` stop being touchy . 
 if you had let me finish , i was actually wondering how you 'd spotted something so tiny . 
 just one little section off . 
 almost like it was on purpose to hide something . '' 
 he stared at the screen and shook his head . 
 `` i think we need to go use the main simulator and test this theory . 
 i trust max and zella and amy and their design , but i want to make sure we 're a hundred percent certain before we bring up something this big to the main project team . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` the main labs should be empty today . 
 my dad said avery has them working in another section . 
 they were running a few pre-tests i think . '' 
 asher and i headed down the hall toward the main project suite . 
 i knew we were underground , but the sheer size of the labs down here was astonishing . 
 this level alone had to be at least the length of three football fields . 
 and even though it was saturday , the place bustled with people . 
 we wove between groups of scientists deep in discussion and tried to stay out of their way as they walked . 
 asher had shoved his hands deep into his pockets , and he stared straight ahead as he said , `` you know , i do n't appreciate you immediately jumping to the conclusion i think you 're stupid all the time . 
 i 'm not sure how many more times i need to say it , but i do n't . '' 
 i stopped short in the middle of the hall and gaped at him . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 he walked a few steps past me and then stopped with a shrug . 
 `` just because you do n't believe you 're smart enough to be here does n't mean it 's true . 
 you 've been here a month - you need to get over it . 
 i 'm tired of your self-esteem issues . 
 i already told you why i picked you for the team . 
 you can either believe me or not , but do n't keep making me defend myself . '' 
 i opened and closed my mouth , but nothing came out . 
 what the hell was his problem ? 
 where was this even coming from ? 
 `` seriously ? 
 you 're going to give me a hard time about not believing in myself ? 
 i 'm sorry i ca n't pretend to be an arrogant ass ** le like you . '' 
 asher glared at me . 
 `` do you even hear yourself ? 
 you 're doing it again . 
 all i want is for you to believe in yourself , not to pretend to be something you 're not . '' 
 our furious glares locked , and we stood frozen in place until one of the scientists bumped into my shoulder . 
 i looked away with a frown . 
 `` this is n't really the place for a discussion about my issues . 
 we have a bigger problem to solve first . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 asher turned on his heel , and we walked the rest of the way to the lab in silence . 
 at the door , he ran his finger through the print scanner . 
 `` welcome , asher rosen , '' the computerized voice said . 
 the doors slid open , and we stepped inside . 
 i 'm not sure what i expected , but it was n't the huge warehouse spread out before us . 
 the ceiling was so high i could n't see the iron girders holding it up or the far end of the space . 
 cold air snaked across my skin , and i shivered . 
 if i 'd known i 'd be visiting the antarctic , i would have brought a sweater . 
 `` over here . '' 
 asher 's voice was expressionless as he made for a bank of computers along the wall . 
 the blinking lights and computer screens reminded me of the pictures i 'd seen of nasa control centers . 
 knowing qt , that probably was n't too far off . 
 i stared off into the shadows . 
 `` what are they using all this space for ? '' 
 his gaze never left the computer , but at least he answered me . 
 `` they 're building the wormhole machine and will conduct the first tests here in this lab . 
 they 've created a triple-enforced structure made of a titanium-tungsten alloy that should be able to withstand the mass field generated by the experiment . '' 
 i nodded , but he still was n't looking at me . 
 i slid onto the stool beside him and logged into the computer . 
 `` are you going to tell me what 's really going on ? '' 
 i asked , glancing at him from the corner of my eye . 
 `` it 's nothing . '' 
 `` right . 
 you jump down my throat like that all the time . '' 
 asher let out a shaky breath . 
 `` i got an email from my mom last night . 
 and it did n't help amy was around when i was reading it . 
 i know she thought she was trying to help by asking questions , but she just would n't leave me alone about it . '' 
 `` but i thought you had n't heard from your mom in months . '' 
 `` exactly . '' 
 his blue eyes glinted with anger and something i guessed was hurt . 
 `` and the first time she contacts me is about this freaking project . 
 not to see how i 'm doing but to get the details about it . 
 to see if it 's going to threaten her top-dog status . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , ash . '' 
 he turned to look at me . 
 `` no , i 'm sorry . 
 i should n't have snapped at you . 
 i did n't mean it . '' 
 his lips pressed together in a grimace . 
 `` if anyone has a problem with self-esteem issues , it 's me . '' 
 i bumped shoulders with him , trying to cheer him up . 
 `` we could start our own club . 
 i 'm sure we could think of a few more people who 'd like to join . '' 
 he sighed and opened the official project simulation on his computer . 
 `` okay , enough of my self-pity . 
 let 's run some numbers , '' he said , cracking his knuckles . 
 our fingers flew over the keys as we inputted the numbers and formula . 
 asher started with avery 's original while i entered my changed calculations . 
 the sound of keyboards tapping filled the warehouse as we worked to verify my results . 
 beside me , asher 's long fingers flew over the keys , his eyebrows furrowed . 
 even though i was still slightly annoyed , i could n't help feeling sorry for him . 
 even when i had a non-existent relationship with my own dad , i had never doubted he loved me . 
 i could only imagine how much worse it would be to not even have him care . 
 `` done , '' asher said , dropping his hands into his lap . 
 i finished typing the last string of the formula into my simulation and nodded . 
 `` me too . '' 
 i paused and turned to him . 
 `` what happens if i 'm right ? '' 
 he leaned back and put his hands behind his head . 
 `` you get a big fat award for stopping the experiment from killing us all . 
 and my eternal gratitude of course . '' 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` okay , let 's do mine first . 
 this is avery 's original equation . '' 
 he hit the submit button . 
 together we watched as the simulation ran perfectly - the machine generated the wormhole and worked as we 'd expected it to . 
 i frowned at the monitor . 
 `` but it was supposed to fail like it did in your office . 
 how could it pass ? 
 is our simulation wrong ? '' 
 asher shook his head , looking as confused as i felt . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 i reviewed all their work , and it seemed sound to me . '' 
 he slipped a usb drive into the computer and copied off a couple of files . 
 `` we 'll take this upstairs to compare it when we 're done here . 
 let 's run your numbers now . '' 
 i clicked the submit button and ran the simulation again , this time on my machine . 
 the program ran perfectly . 
 i stared at asher . 
 `` um ... what does that mean ? 
 there should be some difference in the results , right ? '' 
 asher 's jaw clenched . 
 `` there should be . 
 yes . 
 try it again . '' 
 i reset the numbers and started the simulation again . 
 we both watched as the machine built the wormhole successfully . 
 `` how is that possible ? 
 it ca n't have the same results with different numbers . '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 he rubbed the back of his neck `` i just do n't understand it . '' 
 behind us , a metallic voice announced , `` welcome , dr. danvers . '' 
 `` shit . '' 
 asher hit several buttons on my computer , and the screen went black just as she walked into the warehouse . 
 dr. danvers paused , her eyebrows coming together as she spotted us at the computers . 
 `` asher ? 
 lexie ? 
 what are you two doing here ? '' 
 asher straightened , shoulders relaxed and a smile on his lips . 
 he was back to playing his part as project lead without missing a beat . 
 `` just running some calculations through the simulation . 
 i figured we 'd do it today while we would n't be in the way . 
 i think dr. avery and his team are down in division ten if you were looking for them . '' 
 her gaze flicked between us and then to the computers behind us . 
 `` that 's right , '' she said , moving toward asher 's computer . 
 `` i remember now . 
 he sent me an email earlier in the week . '' 
 she nodded at the monitor . 
 `` how is it going ? 
 are the tests running as expected ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 let me show you what we have so far . '' 
 asher ran avery 's numbers , and once again , everything worked perfectly . 
 i just did n't understand how . 
 `` you guys are making great progress . 
 and lexie , i was glad to see you were part of the verification team . 
 how are you feeling about the work ? '' 
 danvers asked . 
 i opened my mouth to tell her what we 'd discovered , but behind her , asher shook his head ever so slightly and i changed my tactics . 
 `` it 's been such an amazing experience working on this project . 
 i ca n't thank you and asher enough for giving me this opportunity . '' 
 i sounded like a kiss-ass , but she just nodded . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're finally feeling like part of the team . 
 good work here , you two . 
 now , i need to do some of my own research . '' 
 she looked pointedly at the door . 
 `` oh . 
 of course . '' 
 i slid from my stool , and asher slipped the usb drive into his pocket . 
 `` see you later , dr. danvers . '' 
 back in the hallway , i frowned at asher . 
 `` what was that all about ? '' 
 `` not here , '' he said . 
 `` let 's get back to the lab . '' 
 unease settled onto my shoulders . 
 asher was a qt guy through and through . 
 not sharing his findings with danvers was too weird for me to ignore . 
 paranoid now , i kept silent as we made our way back to the lab . 
 i could n't stop myself from glancing up and down the hallway or trying to tiptoe . 
 qt felt different all of a sudden . 
 asher let me enter the lab first and then locked the door behind him . 
 i pressed my back against one of the computer tables and gripped the edge . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , but i do n't like it . '' 
 asher started pacing . 
 `` danvers did n't want us in there . 
 did you see the look she gave me ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` and what was she doing there herself ? 
 she said she already knew avery and the team would be somewhere else today . '' 
 i slid onto a stool and studied the blank computer screen . 
 `` do you think she knows the calculations are wrong ? '' 
 asher stared at me . 
 `` why would you think that ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure . 
 she just seemed relieved when the simulation ran as expected . '' 
 `` i just do n't get it . 
 danvers has been head of qt for three years . 
 she 's won us some amazing projects and advanced the research here . 
 she 'd never jeopardize this project . '' 
 asher shook his head and continued pacing . 
 `` but what if it 's avery ? 
 what if he 's trying to pull something ? '' 
 he stared past me , eyes unfocused . 
 it was kind of creepy . 
 `` if he debunked the einstein-rosen bridge calculations with his own , he could pretty much write his ticket for danvers ' job . 
 he 'd be famous . 
 though i 'm sure my mom would be here in a heartbeat to fight it . '' 
 `` why would your mom care ? '' 
 `` because she 's a rosen . 
 she 'd see someone else taking the lead as a blemish on our name . 
 and , of course , she 'd be annoyed someone else moved ahead in the physics world . '' 
 his voice dropped , sounded strangled . 
 `` oh my god , was that what her email was about ? '' 
 `` do you think we need to tell someone ? 
 i bet my dad could help . '' 
 asher shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 we do n't have proof yet . 
 we need to rework our simulation software and re-verify the test . 
 we have to be absolutely positive . '' 
 he rubbed at the back of his neck . 
 `` would you mind running your numbers again ? 
 i feel like i 'm going crazy here . 
 like we made it up or something . '' 
 `` yeah , i 'm feeling that way , too . '' 
 i spun around on the stool and logged back into the computer . 
 asher moved to stand beside me , resting his arm on the counter as he leaned in to watch the sim . 
 i was way too conscious of his closeness , of the heat from his body and the way he made my skin tingle . 
 i tried to focus on the computer and not his muscled arm beside me . 
 we watched the simulation play through three times in utter silence before i turned to face him , my knees practically touching his hips . 
 despite the fear curling through me , i could n't help but want to do other things with those hips . 
 i jumped down from my stool to move away , to stop the thoughts racing through my head , but his body trapped me between the counter and himself . 
 i stared into his eyes , noticing the flecks of gold , the freckles lightly dusting his cheekbones . 
 still staring at the screen behind me , he said , `` damn it , lexie , it just does n't make sense . 
 it 's like they programmed their sim to work no matter what numbers were plugged in . '' 
 his gaze slid to mine , and we stared at each other , not touching , not moving . 
 i licked my lips , and his blue eyes darkened before dropping to my mouth . 
 my heart hammered with slow , painful thumps . 
 slowly , asher leaned forward , placing his hands on the desk on either side of me , trapping me in the cage of his arms . 
 heat surged through me at the expression in his eyes . 
 like i was the only girl he 'd ever wanted . 
 like he really saw me . 
 he inched closer , and my whole body reacted to his presence by coiling like a spring , waiting for his touch . 
 asher 's hands dropped to the waistband of my jeans , the heat of his skin searing even through the thick material . 
 the air between us smoldered until my arms erupted in goosebumps . 
 i was drowning in the blue depths of his eyes . 
 he let out a soft breath that smelled of cinnamon , his lips all but touching mine . 
 all i had to do was lean forward and ... and then the computer behind me screeched . 
 we shot apart like a gun had gone off . 
 i ended up halfway across the room , standing awkwardly beside his desk . 
 i tugged at the bottom of my shirt , not daring to meet asher 's gaze . 
 but i should n't have worried . 
 he 'd already moved to turn off the beeping computer . 
 his hands froze on the keyboard as the screen flickered . 
 `` shit . 
 shit . 
 shit . '' 
 he glared at the computer screen . 
 `` someone found us . 
 they 're deleting your calculations . '' 
 i sprinted to his side . 
 numbers scrolled across the screen , the simulation flashing as he tried to stop the wipe . 
 his eyebrows were furrowed , and his shoulders tensed as he typed feverishly . 
 `` if i hack into the server and find out where this wipe is coming from , maybe i can stop it . 
 or at least trace it back to whoever 's doing it . '' 
 `` can you reverse it ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 they 're using a firewalled connection , and i ca n't break through fast enough to track them . '' 
 his fingers flew for a few more seconds until the computer beeped again . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he typed even faster , though i had n't thought it possible . 
 `` they ca n't do this ! '' 
 i peered over his shoulder , but i could n't make sense of the strings of letters and numbers streaming past on the screen . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 `` they 're deleting our simulation , too ! '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i did n't mind so much about my calculations . 
 i had them all written down . 
 but the simulation had taken max , zella , and amy more than two weeks to develop . 
 they were going to kill us . 
 `` how did they track it to this lab ? 
 how is this even possible ? '' 
 the computer screen went black , and asher slammed his hand down on the table . 
 `` apparently , qt has a network-wide scan looking for these parameters , and a system in place to delete them if found . 
 but why ? '' 
 he kicked the stool out of his way , and it toppled to the floor with a clatter . 
 all that work . 
 gone . 
 someone had deliberately shut us down . 
 asher growled and snatched his bag from the desk . 
 a muscle jumped in his jaw . 
 `` let 's get out of here . '' 
 `` should n't we try to fix it ? 
 to recover the simulation ? '' 
 `` what 's the point ? 
 they 'll just shut us down again . '' 
 he slammed through the lab doors , and i scurried to follow , giving the dead computer one last glance . 
 16 as if worrying about avery 's equation and obsessing over my almost-kiss with asher was n't enough excitement for the weekend , i got an email sunday night from dr. danvers requesting a meeting first thing monday morning . 
 she 'd added a personal note to the email : `` just want to check in and see how you 're adjusting to qt on your one-month anniversary . '' 
 i frowned at my tablet . 
 this was not good . 
 at all . 
 asher and i had n't talked about how to handle the mistake in avery 's equation , but i knew he wanted to keep it from danvers if possible . 
 which was going to make for a very interesting meeting . 
 monday morning , i stood outside her office door and tugged at my shirt . 
 i 'd worn a button-down and khakis instead of my usual jeans , and i wished i had n't . 
 i felt on edge enough already - i did n't need a scratchy collar making it worse . 
 with a deep breath , i pushed open the door to danvers ' office . 
 marilyn , her assistant , was one of those ageless women somewhere between forty and sixty , with gray hair molded to her head like a helmet . 
 she nodded at me as i entered . 
 `` good morning , lexie . 
 dr. danvers is waiting for you . 
 go on back . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i followed the hallway to the back of the suite . 
 dr. danvers ' office door was open , but i knocked on it anyway . 
 she looked up from her desk and motioned for me to enter . 
 `` lexie . 
 right on time . 
 come in . '' 
 she 'd worn her hair loose today , the golden length curling around her shoulders , and the navy suit she wore set off her blue eyes . 
 when she smiled at me , it seemed genuine , but i was already on edge , so it did n't do much to reassure me . 
 i took the seat in front of her desk and tucked my bag beneath the chair . 
 `` good morning , dr. danvers . 
 did you have a good weekend ? '' 
 `` they 're always too short , especially when i spend most of it here . 
 how about you ? 
 did you and asher finish your research on saturday ? '' 
 i ignored the snakes in my stomach . 
 `` we just needed to test a few things . 
 it 's interesting to be part of this project . 
 i 'm learning so much . '' 
 i forced myself to use my most innocent smile `` i 'm glad asher included you on his team . 
 he 's a smart kid . '' 
 she leaned forward , steepling her fingers . 
 `` what sorts of things are you focusing on ? '' 
 `` physics stuff in general . 
 i did n't get to do much of that at my last school , so i 'm learning something new every day . 
 i think i 'm finally getting the hang of it , though it feels a bit like studying a foreign language . '' 
 `` i can imagine . 
 it 's always hard to be thrown into a new situation , but you seem to be doing well . 
 i 'm impressed . 
 how about your classmates ? 
 are you making friends ? '' 
 i stared at the slick glass desk for what felt like a full minute before finally answering . 
 `` i 'm not sure if i 'd say that . 
 they 've all known each other for so long , and everyone has the same sort of background and experiences . 
 it 's tough to find something in common . '' 
 i shrugged . 
 `` not to mention i do n't exactly feel qualified to be in the same room as most of them . '' 
 `` oh , lexie . '' 
 she shook her head , her voice kind and gentle . 
 `` you do belong here . 
 i know you 're still struggling , but trust me . 
 you 'd be bored to death at branston academy . '' 
 i froze , then remembered dad must have told her about grant 's attack . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 `` i 'll let you in on a little secret . 
 i used to work there myself . 
 your dad and i were coworkers actually . 
 when things got bad , we both decided to leave . 
 it was n't easy . 
 branston does n't let go of anything if they can help it . '' 
 the smile faded from her face . 
 `` i was n't sure at first , but i like qt . 
 and from what dad said , i 'm better off here . 
 but i still wonder , especially on the days where i feel like a failure . '' 
 `` you do fit in here , lexie . 
 i promise . 
 it 's just going to take some time . 
 and i 'm always here if you need me . '' 
 she turned to her computer . 
 `` now , i want to hear all about your part of the experiment and if you guys are discovering anything interesting with the verification process . '' 
 i blinked rapidly and then spent the next ten minutes walking a fine line between honesty and omission . 
 she was very interested to learn about the simulation zella , max , and amy were working on and that our verification project was right on track . 
 nothing unusual to report as of yet . 
 i felt very scientific and professional when she nodded and said , `` it sounds like your team is making great progress . 
 i 'm pleased . 
 keep up the good work . '' 
 `` thanks , dr. danvers . '' 
 i tugged my bag from beneath the chair . 
 `` i appreciate you taking the time out of your schedule to meet with me . '' 
 `` any time , lexie . 
 and i 'd love to be kept in the loop if you discover anything unusual . '' 
 there it was . 
 i twisted my fingers together , surprised it had taken her that long to say it . 
 `` of course . 
 you 'll be the first to know . '' 
 `` excellent . 
 now , i really need to get to a meeting in division seven . 
 if you 'll excuse me ? '' 
 she was already gathering up her tablet , so i nodded and scurried down the hall to the main door , waving to marilyn as i left . 
 outside , i rounded the corner before sinking back against the wall and wiping my sweating palms on my pants . 
 i still could n't tell if i 'd been reading more into our meeting than was there , but whatever the truth was , i needed to stop worrying about it . 
 if danvers had suspected something was wrong , she would have said something . 
 `` hey , you okay ? '' 
 zella stood at the end of the hallway . 
 `` you look pale . '' 
 i straightened , forced myself back into friendly-lexie mode . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i just had a meeting with danvers . '' 
 zella 's eyes widened . 
 `` really ? 
 what for ? '' 
 `` she 's been really nice . 
 wants to make sure i 'm fitting in i guess . '' 
 i shrugged and started toward the elevators . 
 `` i think she feels sorry for me . '' 
 zella followed , hitching her backpack up her shoulder . 
 `` qt is pretty different from what you 're used to ? '' 
 `` um , yeah . 
 just a little . '' 
 i pressed the elevator call button , and zella frowned at me . 
 `` i just do n't get it . 
 i mean , if you 're that smart , would n't you have tested out of regular public school ? 
 would n't they have sent you here a long time ago ? '' 
 i froze . 
 i 'd been wondering how long it would take for someone else to ask that question . 
 and i still did n't have a good answer . 
 so i shrugged , trying to play it off . 
 `` public school was easy ; i did n't have to work at it . 
 and my dad was n't exactly around to keep an eye on me . 
 i 'd still be there if i had n't been stupid and scored too high on a test last year . '' 
 the best lies always had a hint of truth . 
 she shoved her hands into her pockets and shook her head . 
 `` it just does n't seem possible . '' 
 i glared at her . 
 `` oh my god , zella , give it a rest . 
 you do n't think i 'm smart enough to be here ? 
 that 's fine . 
 but i 'm sick and tired of hearing it . 
 danvers obviously believes i belong here . 
 and asher does , too . '' 
 `` asher 's only interested in you because you 're new . 
 like everyone else . '' 
 `` well , it 's been a month . 
 if they were going to get tired of me by now , do n't you think it would have happened ? '' 
 i crossed my arms . 
 `` you know what , zella ? 
 i do n't care what you think of me , but we have to work together on this project , which means we have to get along . '' 
 `` i do n't have to do anything , '' she snapped . 
 `` especially when i have n't seen one reason why you should still be here . '' 
 `` no ? 
 how about what asher and i discovered this weekend ? 
 have you heard about that yet ? '' 
 the elevator doors slid open , and i stomped into the car . 
 she followed me inside but did n't respond . 
 `` guess not then . 
 well , i 'm sure he 'll tell you . 
 eventually . '' 
 i crossed my arms , watching the lights on the panel as we descended toward asher 's office . 
 zella huffed , and i resisted glaring at her again . 
 i still had no idea what her problem was . 
 it just did n't make sense . 
 what had i done to piss her off so badly ? 
 i fled the elevator , not bothering to wait for her , and pressed my thumb to the scanner , barely waiting for the beep to shove open the door . 
 max and amy were already waiting for us , and max tilted his head to study me . 
 `` everything all right ? '' 
 zella threw herself into a chair , still glaring . 
 i ignored her and gave max my friendliest smile . 
 `` just fine . '' 
 `` hey , lexie . 
 zella . '' 
 amy had her feet up on asher 's desk and was playing with a strand of her hair . 
 `` did you see asher anywhere ? 
 he 's late as usual . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` what - did you forget your tracking device on him ? '' 
 her eyes widened , and i chewed on my lip . 
 zella had gotten to me more than i 'd thought . 
 zella turned to amy , cutting me out of the conversation . 
 `` did you guys hang out this weekend ? '' 
 amy leaned in , whispering loud enough that my dad probably heard it in his lab . 
 `` i spent the night . '' 
 zella 's eyes bulged . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i went back to his place friday night . 
 we were working on some of those simulation issues we 'd come across . 
 it got late . 
 i crashed there . 
 it was all very innocent . '' 
 but the way amy raised her eyebrows left no doubt in anyone 's mind about what had really gone on . 
 i was glad i 'd pinned a smile to my face because it would have slid to the floor right then . 
 our almost-kiss had n't meant anything if he 'd been busy hooking up with her the night before . 
 `` are you guys back together ? '' 
 zella asked . 
 `` not officially . 
 but it 's only a matter of time . '' 
 i envied the absolute belief in her voice , even as it crushed the tiny flicker of hope i 'd let myself feel . 
 it was better this way . 
 i did n't need a boy distracting me while i tried to find my place at qt . 
 `` what 's a matter of time ? '' 
 asher asked as the lab doors slid open . 
 he dumped his bag on the desk and dropped into his chair . 
 it was like he was a magnet , our attention immediately drawn to him . 
 amy and zella exchanged sly glances , and amy said , `` only a matter of time until you showed up . 
 we were going to send out a search party . '' 
 `` good thing i 'm here then . 
 we have a lot to talk about , do n't we , lexie ? '' 
 amy 's head snapped in my direction , but i ignored her . 
 `` yeah , asher and i spent most of the weekend together . 
 working . '' 
 i resisted adding an eyebrow wiggle , though part of me wanted to see what amy would do . 
 she frowned . 
 `` so you were here , ash ? 
 is that why we could n't hang out ? '' 
 he nodded and leaned back in his chair , crossing his arms behind his head . 
 `` we had some unexpected issues come up with the validation project . '' 
 zella went still , her hand paused above the tablet she 'd been typing on . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 we delivered the simulation last week . 
 we should be right on target . '' 
 asher lowered his arms and sat up . 
 `` lexie and i ran into a bit of an issue . 
 she realized there might be a problem with avery 's formula , and when we ran the numbers , we discovered she was right . 
 your simulation worked perfectly . 
 if avery 's experiment is created with his calculations , the whole thing will implode , destroying qt and killing thousands of people . '' 
 zella let out a soft gasp , her gaze flying to mine . 
 i wanted to snap at her that , yes , finally there was proof i belonged at qt , but asher cut us both off before we could say anything . 
 `` it gets worse . 
 we ran the numbers through the project infinity machine , but we did n't get the same results . 
 and before we could figure out what was going on , someone wiped our experiment . '' 
 he paused , frrowned at us . 
 `` the simulation you guys built is gone . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 max shot to his feet . 
 `` it took more than two weeks to finish . 
 what the hell were you doing ? '' 
 asher held up his hands . 
 `` it was n't our fault . 
 the network had been programmed to search and destroy . 
 what we do n't know is who programmed it or why . '' 
 asher rested his chin in his hands . 
 `` the question now becomes what do we do about it ? '' 
 `` we tell danvers of course , '' amy said . 
 `` if there 's something weird going on , she needs to know . '' 
 asher shook his head . 
 `` that 's not an option right now . '' 
 she stared at him . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` i want to take care of this without involving anyone at the top until we know more about what 's going on . 
 anyone else have a suggestion ? '' 
 max leaned against the table where asher and i 'd almost kissed , and i pressed my fingers to my cheeks to hide my blush . 
 `` does this mean we ca n't rebuild the simulation using any qt computers or any computers connected to the network ? '' 
 max asked asher nodded . 
 `` they 're obviously scanning for these parameters . 
 if we try this again , we 'll need two simulations . 
 one based on your original . 
 the other created from the simulation we found on the project computers . '' 
 he frowned at max . 
 `` my question is why we did n't use that simulation as our base in the first place . '' 
 the tips of max 's ears turned pink , as if he 'd been caught doing something bad . 
 `` i figured we 'd get more recognition if we could show we built the simulation from scratch rather than reusing the work of the project team . '' 
 `` thank god you did because otherwise we would never have found the problem . 
 unfortunately , i 'm afraid lexie 's discovery puts us all at risk . 
 someone 's going to great lengths to keep those numbers secret . '' 
 `` how do you figure ? '' 
 amy asked , shaking her head . 
 `` it just seems like a mistake to me . '' 
 `` then why would both of the project simulations give us the same results using different numbers ? 
 no , someone 's rigged it so everything looks like it 's working correctly . '' 
 he paused and leaned forward . 
 `` someone is trying to sabotage this project . '' 
 amy frowned . 
 `` but why ? 
 it just does n't make sense . 
 everyone at qt wants this project to be successful . '' 
 `` if we knew that , we 'd have a better shot at stopping them . 
 in the meantime , we have a decision to make . 
 do we keep researching this on our own until we have the proof ? 
 or do we tell someone at the top and risk them shutting us out ? '' 
 zella , max , and amy all started arguing with each other and with asher . 
 max gestured wildly , while amy gave up playing with her hair and instead pounded on the desk . 
 asher watched them all with a smile tugging at his lips , and his gaze met mine briefly before sliding away . 
 `` you 've been pretty quiet over there , lexicon . '' 
 he 'd pitched his words low enough for only me to hear them , but everyone else froze and turned to look at me . 
 `` i think we should talk to my dad . 
 he 's leading up one of the project teams . 
 he could help . '' 
 asher raised an eyebrow . 
 `` he could also be the saboteur . '' 
 i knew he was thinking of what we 'd found in branston 's files , and a surge of annoyance flooded through me . 
 `` no way . 
 it is n't possible . 
 he loves this job and qt more than anything . '' 
 more than me , i wanted to add , but that would have sounded pathetic so i kept my mouth shut . 
 `` i say we ca n't trust anyone on the project team until we know more about what we 're facing . '' 
 asher turned to the other three . 
 `` how about you guys ? '' 
 amy shook her head . 
 `` danvers needs to know . '' 
 across the table , max frowned . 
 `` no , i 'm with asher . 
 this needs to stay between us for now . 
 a false accusation could jeopardize everything . '' 
 we all looked at zella . 
 she sighed and finally nodded . 
 `` i agree . 
 let 's wait until we know more . 
 we ca n't risk being wrong on something as big as this . '' 
 `` that 's three against two - majority wins in my book . 
 are you two going to help us or not ? '' 
 asher 's gaze was challenging , as if he knew i was the only real hold out . 
 amy would never risk being excluded from something this big . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` i 'll go along with it for now , but if we find anything else , i 'm talking to my dad . '' 
 asher straightened and pulled something up on the computer in front of him . 
 `` good . 
 then we 're all on board . 
 so , next steps ? '' 
 max tugged his tablet out of his backpack and started typing . 
 `` i 'll work on rebuilding the simulation on my home computer . 
 it 's not on the qt network , so it ca n't get wiped there . 
 i think i might have some of the schematics left from the first version . 
 amy and zella can help me . '' 
 `` good . 
 lexie , i need you to recreate your new version of the calculations somewhere off-network as well . 
 i have a copy of the project infinity simulation program , so i 'm going to pull it apart and figure out where the glitch is that 's making it run successfully with these numbers . 
 there 's got to be some hidden code in there somewhere . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` okay , so the first dry run is scheduled for just after halloween . 
 that means we have two weeks to pull something together . 
 think we can make it ? '' 
 everyone nodded , but asher was only looking at me . 
 he raised an eyebrow , and i knew he was making sure i 'd play along . 
 `` lexie ? '' 
 `` i do n't go back on my word . 
 we 'll make it . '' 
 `` then let 's get to work . '' 
 17 i was so focused on my calculations that week that i did n't notice the gossip until thursday . 
 dad had asked me to meet him in his lab after school , and at five o'clock , i packed up my stuff and headed to division six . 
 luckily , i was n't in a hurry . 
 the traffic jam of scientists all trying to leave the building had turned the hallway into a parking lot . 
 i crept along behind two senior researchers , their heads bent close together as they gossiped loudly . 
 `` did you hear dr. avery 's been missing since tuesday ? '' 
 the woman reminded me of my math teacher back at columbus high , with her short hair streaked blonde and the glasses perched on the tip of her nose . 
 her partner shook her head . 
 `` no , but that 's not unusual , is it ? 
 he 's done this before . 
 especially when a pretty woman is involved . '' 
 the first researcher 's lips thinned . 
 `` but never in the middle of an important project . '' 
 the two of them spotted me walking behind them and immediately clammed up . 
 `` not in front of the student , '' one of them whispered , and they sped off down another wing . 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 avery 's creepiness was n't news to anyone around qt . 
 i 'd taken to wearing turtlenecks on the days i knew i was going to meet with him . 
 but the conversation came back in a rush when dad and i arrived the next morning . 
 the place hummed with news as scientists whispered and gossiped in small groups and people sprinted back and forth like they were on serious missions , their faces pale and shaken . 
 `` what 's going on , sam ? '' 
 dad asked as the guard scanned our thumbs . 
 the man shook his head . 
 `` bad news . 
 they found dr. avery early this morning . 
 in division three . '' 
 dad looked confused . 
 `` what was he doing there ? '' 
 `` no idea . 
 he was in one of the cryo freezers . 
 the door had been locked from the outside , '' sam said in a hushed voice . 
 `` he 's dead ? '' 
 the words were barely a whisper from dad 's mouth , and he steadied himself against the desk . 
 i 'd never seen him so pale . 
 the guard nodded . 
 `` i 'm afraid so . '' 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 dad 's adam 's apple bobbed as he swallowed . 
 `` come on , lexie . 
 i need to find carla and see what i can do . '' 
 evidently , he was n't the only one who 'd had the same thought . 
 when we got to dr. danvers ' office , dr. rosen , asher , and three other senior scientists were already waiting in the hall . 
 `` what 's the news ? '' 
 dad asked , slipping into professional scientist mode like he slipped on his lab coat . 
 `` do we know what happened ? '' 
 dr. rosen shook his head , glancing at dr. danvers ' closed office door . 
 `` they found avery 's body this morning when staff arrived . 
 carla is meeting with security right now . '' 
 `` what was he doing in division three ? 
 he does n't have projects down there . '' 
 `` i wish we knew . 
 they 're hinting it was n't an accident , '' rosen said . 
 i glanced over at asher leaning against the wall . 
 despite his lounging pose , his hands were shoved into the pockets of his khakis , and he shifted from foot to foot . 
 i was n't sure why they were letting us stay here . 
 if it were me , i would have sent everyone away until i figured out what was going on , but obviously , dr. danvers had her reasons . 
 dad furrowed his eyebrows . 
 `` but who could have wanted him dead ? 
 it just does n't make sense . '' 
 `` did we know the same person ? '' 
 dr. rosen asked . 
 `` avery did n't exactly make himself popular around here . 
 especially after the last few weeks . '' 
 `` but to kill him ? 
 it had to have been a terrible accident . '' 
 dad 's voice quavered , and i patted his arm . 
 dr. danvers ' office door swung open , and the head of security glared at us , his eyes bloodshot and tired . 
 `` i need kepler and rosen inside . 
 the rest of you get back to work . 
 we 'll send out a statement when we know more . '' 
 the other scientists muttered but wandered away . 
 asher and i exchanged glances across the hall , and we both moved toward the door at the same time . 
 we were kepler and rosen , too . 
 sam 's arm shot out , barring us from entering . 
 `` i do n't think so , kids . 
 get back to class . '' 
 he practically slammed the door in our faces . 
 `` that was rude , '' i said . 
 asher 's smile was a dare as he turned away . 
 `` i say we go do some digging on our own . 
 it 's not like anyone 's going to get work done today . '' 
 i chewed my lip . 
 his flirting was wearing me down more and more , but if i did n't stay professional , we 'd never get real answers . 
 besides , asher knew this place better than anyone . 
 i nodded once . 
 `` lead the way . '' 
 division three was almost deserted when the elevator deposited us a few minutes later . 
 it might have had something to do with the security guards stationed beside the cryo lab door . 
 `` what do you think you 're doing down here ? '' 
 one of the men asked . 
 asher put on his most innocent expression . 
 `` we 're here to work on our assignment . 
 we both have clearance to be here . '' 
 he flipped open his badge , and the two men exchanged uncertain glances . 
 `` our lab is n't anywhere near the crime scene . 
 we just need to get our work done today , or we 'll be late with this project . '' 
 finally , one said , `` very well . 
 but you 're to stay in that area of division three . 
 the cryo labs are restricted until the investigation is complete . '' 
 `` of course . 
 thank you . '' 
 asher grabbed my arm and led me away from the guards . 
 i shook my head at him . 
 the guy would put brad pitt to shame with his acting skills . 
 unfortunately , i 'd also started to wonder where fake asher ended and real asher began . 
 we made our way to the end of the hall and slipped into one of the darkened labs . 
 asher booted up a computer and started typing . 
 `` now , we just need to sneak around back and get into the labs . 
 i should be able to download the schematics from here . '' 
 `` do you think we 'll be able to get in ? 
 wo n't there be security everywhere ? 
 it 's a crime scene after all . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` guess we 'll find out . '' 
 i wandered around the lab while he played on the computer . 
 it looked like they were doing some sort of medical research down here . 
 x-ray images of rib cages and internal organs were tacked up on the walls . 
 there were thin-slice photos of different layers of skin and nerve bundles and even a cross-section of a brain taken with some sort of machine that made it look like it was still alive . 
 it made me feel queasy . 
 i moved back to asher 's side to peer over his shoulder . 
 `` almost there , '' he said , downloading a map of the division into his tablet . 
 `` okay , let 's go . '' 
 we slipped out the back of the lab into another long , dark corridor . 
 the overhead lights flickered on at our movement , and i blinked . 
 `` where exactly are we going ? '' 
 `` the cryo labs have a back entrance . 
 should be easy to sneak in and see what 's going on . '' 
 `` we should have called max , zella , and amy . 
 they 're probably wondering where we are . 
 we were supposed to meet them in your office fifteen minutes ago . '' 
 asher shrugged . 
 `` they 'll wait . 
 besides , with all the excitement , they 're probably too distracted to even remember us . '' 
 `` somehow i do n't think amy will ever have that problem . '' 
 my voice was drier than i intended , and asher frowned at me . 
 `` amy can be intense , but she 's got a good heart . 
 and she 's an important part of this team . '' 
 `` i 'm sure she is . '' 
 i tried not to roll my eyes . 
 we slowed as we approached a heavy , metal door . 
 `` here 's the lab . '' 
 `` how convenient , '' i muttered . 
 asher pressed his thumb to the print scanner , and it beeped . 
 the door slid open , and we stepped into a huge room lined with what looked like commercial freezers - shiny , stainless steel front panels with beeping , blue digital numbers on each door that recorded the temperature inside . 
 i shivered from more than the cold and ran my hands over my arms . 
 `` why would dr. avery be down here ? '' 
 `` i do n't know why everyone keeps asking that . 
 he could have died somewhere else , and the killer brought him down here . '' 
 i stared at him . 
 `` which would mean the killer was someone here at qt with access to these labs . '' 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` well , yeah , lexicon . 
 who else would kill him ? '' 
 my face flushed . 
 `` i do n't know - an irate husband ? 
 according to the gossip , it was n't like he kept his hands off the married ones . 
 or maybe someone did n't appreciate his advances and fought back . 
 maybe it was just an accident . '' 
 `` or maybe it has something to do with him trying to sabotage the project . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` we 're not going to find out standing here . '' 
 he led me past the tall freezers , through a storage area , and into a morgue-like space with white tile floors and a drain in the floor . 
 `` this is where they prep the bodies for freezing . 
 qt has a warehouse in division twelve where they 've stored thousands of human and animal samples . 
 just in case . '' 
 `` in case of what ? '' 
 i shivered again . 
 it smelled of chemicals and air conditioning , and the whole place gave me the creeps . 
 i moved closer to asher . 
 `` in case of a world catastrophe . 
 it 's like a frozen noah 's ark down there . '' 
 i shuddered . 
 `` can we just hurry up and find the freezer where they found avery please ? '' 
 asher smiled and shook his head . 
 `` some scientist you are . '' 
 `` yeah , there 's a reason i 'm not going into biology , thank you very much . '' 
 we 'd reached the far end of the room , and i peered through the thick glass of the door into another room with tall freezers . 
 several men inspected one hanging open , dusting for fingerprints and scanning the space with a weird , hand-held sensor that looked like a laser gun . 
 `` what are they doing ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 `` scanning for biochemical markers the killer might have left behind . 
 everyone at qt is on file , and even the smallest skin sample could register . '' 
 asher frowned . 
 `` the room looks clean to me . 
 i doubt we 'll find anything there to help us . '' 
 `` maybe we should try searching his office ? '' 
 goosebumps pricked my arm , and the only thing i wanted was to get the hell out of this place . 
 i turned toward the exit , then spotted a scrap of fabric stuck on the edge of the door . 
 i bent down to study it . 
 `` did you see this ? '' 
 asher shook his head . 
 `` looks like it 's from a shirt . '' 
 `` do you think it 's from avery ? 
 or the killer ? '' 
 `` let 's find out . '' 
 he crossed the room and pulled open a drawer that held a set of shiny metal instruments . 
 he grabbed a pair of tweezers and held them out to me . 
 i carefully pulled the fabric from the doorframe , then paused . 
 `` what about those scanner things ? 
 would n't they be able to pick up skin flakes on this ? '' 
 asher looked like he wanted to grab me in a bear hug , but he dropped his arms before he touched me . 
 `` you 're a genius , lexie . 
 come on - i know where they store the machines . 
 we might get lucky and sneak in unnoticed since everyone 's down here . '' 
 a warm glow surged through me . 
 i liked holding my own with the resident genius . 
 18 the technical storage warehouses were located in division ten and , lucky for us , completely deserted . 
 i pressed my thumb to the scanner , and we slipped inside one of the huge storage rooms . 
 the fluorescent lights flickered on with our movement , and i gaped at the floor-to-ceiling shelves stretching as far as i could see . 
 `` the manifest is stored on the computer . 
 over here . '' 
 asher booted up the computer in the corner and typed in a search term . 
 i was still blinking at the sheer number of gadgets and devices piled on the shelves . 
 and this was the smallest of the storerooms . 
 `` got it . 
 row 13 , section g. '' we started toward the other end of the room , our shoes squeaking on the cement floors . 
 `` i ca n't believe avery 's dead and no one seems upset , '' i said . 
 `` i mean , he was creepy in class , but was he really that bad ? '' 
 `` the guy was an ass ** le . 
 he hit on every female scientist here . 
 and there was more than one whisper he 'd had affairs with some of the senior students in the past . 
 the only reason they did n't fire him was because he was a brilliant scientist . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` i do n't care if you 're brilliant or not . 
 if you act like that , you should be gone . '' 
 `` my thoughts exactly . '' 
 asher led us down row 13 , his eyes scanning the shelves as we walked . 
 `` i do n't know why danvers kept him around . 
 she does n't seem like the type of person to put up with his shit . '' 
 `` and to give him a promotion ? 
 why would she put him in charge of the project if he was that bad ? '' 
 i searched , too , though i was n't exactly sure what i was looking for . 
 there were stacks of boxes labeled with odd names and descriptions like the eyre star gazer or the shepard mass effect generator . 
 i tugged at the tip of my ponytail . 
 how many experiments was qt involved with exactly ? 
 `` found it , '' asher called from down the row . 
 he bent over a small machine , fiddling with the controls . 
 it almost looked like a price gun they used in supermarkets , but it had a small computer screen and a keypad . 
 `` put the fabric on the shelf there , and i 'll scan it . '' 
 he pressed some buttons , and the machine squawked . 
 a fluorescent glow started at the gun end , and he passed it slowly back and forth over the piece of cloth . 
 `` it 's looking for biological markers now . 
 if it finds any , it 'll start beeping , and we can try to type them . '' 
 i held my breath as the machine hummed and vibrated . 
 seeing a qt invention in action was pretty cool . 
 a shrill beep echoed in the storage room , and asher looked up with a grin . 
 `` gotcha ! '' 
 he pressed a few more buttons , and the light coming from the machine turned red . 
 `` biological marker found . 
 now to figure out who this shirt belonged to . '' 
 i inched closer so i could see the screen on the machine . 
 the image of a dna helix spun slowly as it searched the database . 
 asher 's lips were twisted into a smile , and his foot tapped the cement floor as we waited . 
 he looked as excited as i felt . 
 what if we found the killer ? 
 what if this solved everything ? 
 finally , the machine vibrated , and the helix disappeared from the screen . 
 our shoulders touched as i moved even closer , and asher tilted the screen so we could both read . 
 we both let out a sigh of disappointment . 
 the shirt belonged to dr. avery . 
 asher dropped the machine back on the shelf and crossed his arms . 
 his dark hair flopped over his forehead . 
 `` damn it . 
 i thought we had something . '' 
 i frowned . 
 `` i suppose it tells us one thing . 
 someone dragged him down there . 
 he did n't die in the cryo chambers . '' 
 `` how do you figure ? '' 
 `` there 's a seam in the fabric , like at a shoulder . 
 but the fabric was caught on the door at waist-level . 
 someone dragged him through that door . 
 he was n't walking . '' 
 asher 's eyes widened . 
 `` you 're right . 
 so if he was n't killed there , where was he killed ? '' 
 `` his office ! '' 
 i said . 
 we sprinted for the door at the same time . 
 unfortunately , even asher 's mad acting skills could n't get us past the guards blocking dr. avery 's office . 
 name dropping did n't work . 
 bribes did n't work . 
 i think the only person who could have gotten inside was dr. danvers , and she was n't around to ask . 
 she was still barricaded in her office with security . 
 `` come on , man , we just need to get inside for a minute . '' 
 `` you heard me , rosen . 
 no one gets in . '' 
 the guard 's hand inched toward his waist . 
 where his stun gun was . 
 `` let 's go find max and zella . '' 
 i tugged on asher 's arm . 
 pissing off security was not going to get us anywhere but locked in a cell . 
 `` fine . 
 whatever . '' 
 i inched closer to whisper in his ear , trying to ignore the way his long lashes curled against his cheekbones . 
 `` making them suspicious is n't going to help . 
 we need to figure something else out . '' 
 `` i suggest you get back to classes , mr. rosen , '' one of the burly guards growled . 
 `` whatever , jim . 
 see if i help you next time you need your pulse pistol fixed . '' 
 asher turned away and marched toward the elevators . 
 `` let 's find the others and see what they think . 
 with that much genius in a room , we 're bound to come up with something . '' 
 i snuck a glance at him from the corner of my eye . 
 his shoulders were hunched around his ears , and a scowl twisted his face . 
 `` what 's up , ash ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` does n't matter . 
 i just hate not knowing what 's going on . 
 i 'm the student liaison . 
 i should be involved . '' 
 `` in a murder investigation ? 
 are n't you taking on a bit much ? 
 let security and police do their jobs . 
 avery 's death does n't have anything to do with us . '' 
 he stopped to face me . 
 `` does n't it ? '' 
 my brain whirred and spun , things finally connecting . 
 i 'd discovered avery 's calculations were wrong . 
 then we 'd found an anomaly in the simulation . 
 our data was wiped from the network . 
 avery was murdered . 
 sure seemed like it was connected to us . 
 i shook my head , not wanting to believe it . 
 `` maybe it 's just coincidence ? '' 
 `` there is no such thing as coincidence . '' 
 his eyes were suddenly cold . 
 `` the project lead is dead . 
 he was the only person who knew how he developed his calculations , how everything was connected . 
 what else did he know ? '' 
 shivers crawled over my skin , and i wrapped my arms around my waist . 
 `` what do we do ? '' 
 `` we keep searching . '' 
 `` maybe we should tell someone . 
 let dr. danvers or my dad take care of it . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no way . 
 we 're the ones who discovered the connection ; we 're the ones who are going to solve it . 
 as soon as we get anyone else involved , they 'll shut us out of the investigation . 
 this is my project , too , and i 'm not going to let it fail . '' 
 he spun on his heel and marched toward the elevators . 
 `` come on . 
 let 's go find the others . '' 
 luckily , we did n't have far to look . 
 max , zella , and amy were already in the library when we walked in . 
 they were gathered around a table in the corner , heads together . 
 i had a pretty good idea of what they were talking about . 
 `` did you guys hear the news ? '' 
 amy asked . 
 asher nodded and slipped into the chair beside her . 
 i took a seat across the table beside zella . 
 she flashed me a shy smile . 
 `` hey , lexie . '' 
 i blinked in surprise before turning into a responding smile . 
 `` hey , zella . 
 have you guys heard any updates ? 
 do they know anything yet ? '' 
 zella shook her head and tapped at her tablet for a second to pull up an email . 
 `` dr. danvers sent a short message this morning with the news since it was already spreading . 
 she said they did n't have any details yet , but they 'd keep us informed . 
 she also said this would not affect the project and everyone should keep working . '' 
 my eyebrows went up . 
 not even a pause for the investigation to be completed ? 
 i met asher 's gaze across the table , and he frowned . 
 `` lexie and i have a few more details , but they ca n't go any further than this table , '' he said , his voice full of warning . 
 `` of course not , '' amy said . 
 `` who are we going to tell ? 
 and who would believe us anyway ? 
 we 're just kids . '' 
 `` the smartest kids in the country , '' asher said . 
 `` someone might believe us , and then we 'll all be in trouble . 
 because lexie and i discovered avery was n't killed in the cryo labs . 
 someone killed him here in qt and then hid his body down there , hoping he would n't be found . 
 hoping that it would postpone the project . '' 
 his voice went deep as he whispered , `` someone is trying to sabotage us . '' 
 max shook his head . 
 `` but who ? 
 this project will make qt the most important technology company in the world . 
 it just does n't make sense . '' 
 asher leaned forward , his face grim . 
 `` it makes perfect sense . 
 think about what you just said , and then imagine if you were another company , another government agency . 
 there would be no way to compete . 
 this has got to be freaking them out . 
 so we have one option : find the saboteur before something else happens . 
 are you in ? '' 
 around the table , everyone nodded . 
 `` we need to be smart about this then , '' zella said . 
 `` if something on the network wiped our research , if someone 's suspicious about our findings , we 're going to get caught . 
 we need to stay off the qt grid and only talk about this in person . 
 no emails , texts , voicemail , anything . 
 and any work we do has to be on our own secure network . 
 asher , can you handle that ? '' 
 `` no problem . 
 i 've already started networking our home computers and blocking the qt signal . '' 
 he tapped a finger on the table . 
 `` we need to finish rebuilding the simulation , track down the source of the network scan to see who created it , and search avery 's office to see if we can find any clues to what he was working on . '' 
 `` we 're almost done with the sim rebuild , '' max said , flicking through his tablet to bring up a spreadsheet . 
 `` the algorithms need to be reworked , and we 'll have to reenter the control data by hand instead of downloading it from qt . 
 probably eight to ten more hours of work . '' 
 asher made a note on his own tablet . 
 `` good . 
 i 'll start the network search at home tonight . 
 i should be able to hack into qt and run a trace . '' 
 `` i thought there was n't anything you could do about the scan the other day , '' i said , wrinkling my forehead . 
 i might be smart , but i was no computer genius . 
 `` i could n't do anything at the time , but i have a program at home that can help me trace the scan back through the network . 
 it 's going to take a while though , i have a feeling it 's hidden behind all sorts of closed doors that may take a while to hack . '' 
 `` in the meantime , we have to get into avery 's office if we 're going to find any real clues . '' 
 i chewed my lip and watched joan the librarian file books across the room . 
 an idea sparked in my brain . 
 `` the qt gala is next friday , and i would think security 'd be done searching avery 's office by then . 
 we could sneak in while everyone 's at the party . '' 
 zella nodded with a reluctant smile . 
 `` that 's a great idea . '' 
 i tried to hide my surprise at zella actually agreeing with me . 
 `` i like it , '' amy said . 
 `` asher and i can sneak in and search , and the rest of you can keep an eye out for us . '' 
 my mouth gaped . 
 she had not just stolen my idea . 
 asher shook his head . 
 `` i think lexie and i should do it . 
 our parents both have offices in that wing . 
 we can use them as an excuse if we get caught . '' 
 amy pouted , twirling a piece of hair around her finger . 
 `` but ash ... '' `` he 's right , '' max said with a nod . 
 `` i 'd volunteer , but my dad 's office is in the south wing . 
 it just makes sense . '' 
 `` we still have a lot of work to do . '' 
 asher 's expression was unusually serious ; he even sat upright in his chair instead of lounging in it like usual . 
 `` we have simulations to build and clues to dig up . '' 
 `` you sound like veronica mars , '' amy said with a smirk . 
 `` okay , guys . 
 let 's go back to max 's and keep working . 
 i 'll see you at dinner tonight . '' 
 she kissed asher on the cheek as she got to her feet . 
 he went still . 
 `` um ... i 'll have to cancel our study date tonight . 
 my dad 's going to need me with this mess going on . '' 
 `` i need you , ash . 
 and you already know he 'll never miss you . 
 he barely knows you 're around half the time . '' 
 amy waved and flounced off with the other two , leaving me to stare awkwardly down at my own tablet . 
 i hated this . 
 hated feeling jealous when i had no reason to be . 
 hated being the fifth wheel in the group . 
 `` what exactly do you want me to work on ? '' 
 i asked , not meeting his eyes . 
 `` this morning i realized some of einstein 's early work was on theories for disproving the ultraviolet catastrophe . '' 
 he rubbed the back of his neck before turning to me . 
 `` this is going to sound crazy - and i know they 're two separate things - but i swear i recognized part of the equation for the uvc wrapped in with avery 's calculations for the einstein-rosen bridge . 
 and it just does n't make sense . 
 maybe you could search for a connection . '' 
 i nodded , more pleased than i wanted to admit . 
 this was a real task , not some busy work . 
 `` i 'll see what i can come up with . '' 
 `` it might be nothing , but it 's just a hunch . '' 
 he got to his feet and paused , staring at me like he wanted to say something . 
 `` lexie , you know my dinner with amy is n't a date . 
 i 'm just helping her with her calculations . 
 she was feeling like she 'd fallen behind . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i wanted to be a good friend . '' 
 i hated the relief that surged through me . 
 it should n't matter to me what he did with his time . 
 he 'd offered to help me plenty of times , but i 'd been too stubborn to take him up on it . 
 `` you do n't have to explain to me . 
 you can hang out with whoever you want . 
 we 're just friends . '' 
 he stared at me for a long moment before finally turning away . 
 `` i 'll see you around , lexie . '' 
 19 dad pulled into the qt parking lot , and i opened the door into the clear , dark night . 
 lights blazed from the building , and i knew inside would be filled with laughing , chatting scientists . 
 but out here , for this moment , it was calm and peaceful . 
 the scent of dying leaves filled the air , and a cool breeze caressed my cheeks . 
 it was amazing how different the air was here from back in ohio . 
 maybe because of the altitude , or maybe it was something else . 
 but though i 'd never admit it to anyone else , i was starting to like the way it always smelled crisp and clean , with just a hint of metal behind it . 
 `` you ready for this , lex ? '' 
 dad asked , coming around to my side of the car and offering his arm . 
 `` as ready as i 'll ever be . '' 
 i pulled my shawl closer , teetering on my spiky heels , and clutched at him . 
 `` you look very pretty tonight , '' dad said , leading me toward the building . 
 his black tuxedo had a slight sheen in the lights from the building and fit his tall frame perfectly . 
 he 'd shaved and smoothed his hair for a change , but i knew in twenty minutes it 'd be standing on end again after he forgot and ran a hand through it . 
 `` thanks ! 
 you do n't look so bad yourself . '' 
 i beamed at him , then smoothed my hands down the crisscrossed fabric of the corset of my dress . 
 i 'd never had a gown like this before . 
 it was strapless , the dark purple of the bodice fading subtly down the dress until it gave way to a flowing skirt with a lighter purple hem where it skimmed the floor . 
 it reminded me of moonlight and mystery , and part of me felt like i 'd suddenly hit some milestone of adulthood . 
 a twinge of loneliness shot through me . 
 i 'd emailed mom a picture of me before we left , but i wanted her here in person to see me . 
 to have helped me pick the dress out instead of going to the mall myself . 
 to help me put my hair up into a half-twist and curl the tendrils i 'd left down over my shoulder . 
 i missed her every day , and communications with her were spotty at best . 
 i 'd asked again in my last email when she was coming home , but there 'd been no answer . 
 i sighed , and dad squeezed my arm . 
 `` what 's up , lex ? '' 
 `` i wish mom was here with us . '' 
 he nodded , his sandy hair dark in the moonlight . 
 `` me too . 
 she has a few things to finish first . 
 but soon . '' 
 i snuck a glance at him . 
 `` what 's up with you guys ? 
 does she know about jordan ? '' 
 `` jordan ? '' 
 dad frowned . 
 `` jordan and i are coworkers - that 's it . 
 lexie , i 've never stopped loving your mother . 
 there 's never been anyone else for me . '' 
 i stared at him , blinked . 
 until i 'd seen them kissing , i 'd never dreamed he had n't gotten over her . 
 what else did n't i know about their relationship ? 
 finally , i cleared my throat , annoyed and happy at the same time . 
 `` it might have been nice to have known that . 
 here i thought you guys hated each other for most of my life . 
 oh , and you might want to be a little clearer with jordan , too . 
 i 'm not the only one you 've fooled . '' 
 dad pushed open the doors to qt , and a wave of laughter and chatter greeted us . 
 jordan appeared instantly , dressed in a slinky black gown , as if she 'd been waiting to pounce . 
 `` william , '' her voice was husky as she drank in my dad in his tux . 
 `` coworkers , huh ? '' 
 i muttered . 
 `` lexie , '' dad warned . 
 `` good evening , jordan . 
 you look very nice . '' 
 she preened , her grin wide and predatory . 
 `` i thought you might like it . '' 
 she tucked a hand in dad 's other arm . 
 `` hey there , lexie . 
 love the dress . '' 
 i sighed and stepped away , shaking my head . 
 `` i 'm going to go find my friends . 
 i 'll see you guys later . '' 
 dad stopped me . 
 `` dr. danvers is going to make a special announcement at eight , so make sure you 're there . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i will . 
 have fun . '' 
 jordan and dad strolled off toward a group of other scientists sipping champagne from tall crystal flutes . 
 the whole lobby was a glittering wonderland of black and gold , from the tables covered in sparkling fabric to the lavish displays of black feathers and gold glitter . 
 onyx candles flickered on every surface , scenting the room with melting wax . 
 a group of my classmates stood nearby , and suddenly , i was self-conscious and uneasy . 
 i 'd come alone . 
 dateless . 
 at my last school , that would have been grounds for social shunning . 
 but i had a purpose tonight , and it included saving all of their sorry lives . 
 i squared my shoulders , ignoring my imagination as it conjured up whispers and giggles from the group . 
 my pulse steadied as i spotted max and zella across the room . 
 walking carefully so i did n't trip in my heels , i pushed through the crowds toward them . 
 if i did n't already have a crush on asher , i would have totally fallen for max in his tux . 
 he looked unbelievable . 
 his hair was carefully messy , and oh my god , he had shoulders like thor . 
 zella 's gazed at him hungrily , and i bit back a smile . 
 evidently , i was n't the only one appreciating the view . 
 `` hey , guys . '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 max 's jaw dropped open . 
 `` lexie , you look great . '' 
 i felt heat stain my cheeks . 
 `` thanks , max . 
 you look pretty good yourself . 
 and zella ? 
 that dress is amazing . '' 
 she 'd worn a peacock-blue dress that showed off her great legs and made her dark skin glow . 
 the bubble skirt hit just above her knee , and the corset bodice highlighted curves i had no idea she had . 
 zella smiled at me . 
 `` thanks , lexie . 
 i love that color on you . '' 
 the three of us stood awkwardly for a moment , the sound of mozart from the quartet across the room weaving between us . 
 `` there 's asher and amy . '' 
 max practically jumped to attention at having something to break the heavy silence . 
 his eyes got a strange , glazed expression . 
 zella and i exchanged confused glances . 
 and then i spotted amy . 
 her sparkling silver dress put mine to shame . 
 it was short , figure-hugging , and something my dad would have killed me for wearing . 
 every guy in the place was drooling over her , their heads turning and whispers rippling through the crowd as she walked past . 
 the sequins on her dress sparkled in the candlelight , and she 'd piled her blonde hair on her head , letting a few long curls hang loose and draw the eye to her tan shoulders . 
 i tugged at the bodice of my own dress and wished i 'd gone with something ... tighter . 
 i let out a sigh and finally noticed the guy she was clutching like her life depended on it . 
 asher . 
 my lips parted as a whoosh of air snuck past them . 
 i barely recognized him in his tux . 
 his hair was still messy , but he 'd worn a blue bowtie that matched the color of his eyes . 
 and the way his jacket molded to his shoulders ? 
 so . 
 hot . 
 amy toppled on her heels with a giggle and clutched at his arm to stay upright . 
 asher slipped an arm around her , and i tried not to growl as they approached . 
 he made my heart pound on a good day but dressed like this ? 
 pull it together , kepler , i told myself . 
 i squared my shoulders . 
 beside me , zella clutched her hands together , and i flashed her a sympathetic smile . 
 `` zella , do n't you look cute . '' 
 amy 's eyes raked up and down zella 's dress , and then she turned to me , eyebrow raised . 
 `` and lexie . 
 that 's an interesting color . 
 you look ... a bit like an ultraviolet catastrophe . '' 
 i wrapped my arms around my waist , trying to hide from her as my eyes started to smart . 
 `` i think lexie 's dress is gorgeous , '' zella said , stepping forward so we were shoulder-to-shoulder . 
 beside her , max nodded . 
 gratitude flooded through me , and i smiled at both of them . 
 amy giggled . 
 `` i did n't mean anything by it , you know . 
 it 's just ... violet . '' 
 i stared at the floor and wished it would swallow me . 
 or amy . 
 `` lexie always looks beautiful . 
 but tonight ... '' asher 's voice trailed off , and i glanced up at him . 
 a ghost of a smile played on his lips , making my insides squirm . 
 his eyes only left mine to travel down the length of the dress and back to my face . 
 a blush heated my cheeks as his smile deepened , and for a moment , we were the only two people there . 
 `` tonight , she 's the most beautiful woman in the room . '' 
 amy went still , her lips parted in shock . 
 i could n't help the smirk i felt on my face . 
 even clueless max obviously felt the tension as he glanced between us . 
 `` what 's the plan then ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` danvers has an announcement scheduled for eight . 
 do we do this now or during the announcement ? '' 
 asher scanned the room . 
 `` i 'm tempted to do it now just to get it over with , but it 'll make more sense to wait . 
 everyone will be here listening to her . '' 
 max nodded once . 
 `` my thought , too . 
 we have twenty minutes . 
 i 'm starving - anyone up for some food ? '' 
 zella rolled her eyes . 
 `` you and your stomach . 
 maybe after you eat , we can dance ? '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` um ... yeah . 
 maybe . '' 
 they wandered off toward the buffet table , leaving me with asher and amy . 
 his words still made my cheeks burn , and i wobbled a little on my heels , not wanting to meet his gaze . 
 especially not with the death stare amy was giving me . 
 `` i 'm going to ... '' i started `` want to go ... '' asher said . 
 we both laughed uncomfortably , and i waved at him . 
 `` continue . '' 
 `` i was just going to ask if you wanted to scope out the other end of the room . 
 we should probably figure out some alternate escape routes . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` sure . 
 that 's a good idea . '' 
 amy leveled a stare at me before smiling sweetly at asher . 
 `` i 'm going to go find something to drink . 
 catch up with me when you 're done , all right ? '' 
 amy slunk away , hips swinging . 
 she glanced back at us and blew asher a kiss . 
 `` oh my god . 
 seriously ? '' 
 the words escaped before i could stop myself . 
 asher scuffed a shoe against the floor and looked away . 
 `` she does n't get the point , does she ? '' 
 `` then maybe you 're not hinting loud enough . '' 
 i turned away , heat flooding my cheeks again at my outburst . 
 `` lexicon ... '' he gave me one of those looks , and i shook my head . 
 i had to keep reminding myself it did n't matter . 
 asher 's love life was none of my business . 
 `` come on - do n't be like that . '' 
 i let out a sigh , his smile melting away my embarrassment and anger . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` let 's go check out the other side of the room . '' 
 he offered an arm , and i slipped a hand in the crook of his elbow . 
 i watched the violet fabric of my dress swish around my ankles as we walked and tried to ignore the heat from his body wrapping around me . 
 we stopped at a pair of glass doors , and asher waved to the space past them . 
 `` this is the main corridor to avery 's office . 
 about halfway down , there are two smaller ones that loop back around on either side . 
 it 's basically a circle bisected by a line . '' 
 i strained to see further into the corridor , wishing i could make out more than the soft security lights illuminating nameplates on each door . 
 `` so we could sneak out one of the side halls if we needed to ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` but let 's hope it does n't come to that . 
 i ca n't imagine playing hide-and-seek in the dark would be much fun . '' 
 i flushed and looked away . 
 sounded like a lot of fun to me . 
 as long as he caught me at the end . 
 asher pulled his cell phone out of his tux pocket . 
 `` it 's five to eight . 
 should we warn the others we 're going in ? '' 
 i searched the crowded ballroom but only saw a wall of tuxedoed men and swirling dresses . 
 `` might as well . 
 that way they can wander in this direction and keep an eye out . '' 
 he texted , and almost at the same moment , the tone of the crowd shifted as they started making their way toward the dais at the other end of the room . 
 the murmurs grew more pronounced , swelling with excitement . 
 i spotted max and zella pushing their way through the crowds in the opposite direction . 
 amy did n't seem to be having a problem ; they parted for her like the red sea as she passed . 
 `` ready ? '' 
 asher asked as everyone joined us near the door . 
 max nodded . 
 `` i 'll go left , amy , you go right . 
 zella can have the middle . 
 we 'll give you a fifteen-minute warning . 
 and we 'll text if anyone starts heading your way . '' 
 `` let 's do this . '' 
 asher held open the door for me with a flourish that made my heart trip . 
 at the far end of the room , everyone 's attention was on the podium where dr. danvers , dressed in a slinky black dress , tapped at a microphone . 
 `` good evening , everyone . 
 i know we 're gathered here for a celebration , but a shadow lies over us . 
 the death of michael avery was shocking and unexpected . 
 some of you might be wondering what 's next for quantum technologies . 
 tonight , we 're here to both celebrate the legacy of dr. avery and talk about our future . '' 
 the heavy glass doors shut behind us , cutting off danvers ' words and leaving asher and me alone in the darkened hallway . 
 i tried to ignore the weirdness between us and slipped out of my heels to tiptoe toward avery 's office at the end of the hall . 
 the overhead fluorescent lights had been shut off , and only the soft light from sconces on the wall lighted the way . 
 the guards who 'd been standing watch over avery 's office were gone , though the door was still blocked with a strip of yellow police tape . 
 like all the office doors in this wing , there was a keypad and fingerprint scanner . 
 `` did you bring it ? '' 
 asher asked . 
 i nodded and pulled the envelope from my clutch purse . 
 inside was a thin sheet of plastic with a copy of avery 's thumbprint . 
 asher had pulled avery 's records , and i 'd used the skin-plastic copy machine in my dad 's office to make the print . 
 it always helped to have a genius scientist with access to all the cool machines as a dad . 
 `` ready when you are . '' 
 asher typed in the password he 'd gotten from hacking into the qt security system , and when the scanner glowed green , i pressed the plastic down , careful to keep my fingers out of the scanner 's light . 
 one long second passed , then two , and finally , the door beeped and swung open . 
 i ducked under the police tape before i could think about what we were doing . 
 `` let 's get this over with . '' 
 i tucked the print scan back into my purse and pulled out a tiny flashlight . 
 asher slid into avery 's chair and booted up the computer . 
 `` i 'll start on his computer files if you search the desk drawers . '' 
 `` deal . '' 
 nervous sweat beaded my forehead , and i pushed back the strands of hair plastered to my forehead before yanking open the top drawer and rummaging through it . 
 mostly office supplies . 
 the guy seemed to have a thing for paperclips . 
 drawer two was snack foods . 
 a jar of peanut butter , some crumbly crackers , three packets of oatmeal . 
 drawer three was full of files . 
 i sank to the ground and crossed my legs beneath my dress , pulling the files out one-by-one and opening them on my lap . 
 i scanned through each document , but most of them were performance reviews or personnel files for avery 's employees . 
 the last folder seemed to be full of glossy handouts from conferences . 
 i pulled them out one at time . 
 most of them were for things like the american institute of physics or the biomedical engineering society or the nano today conference , but the last brochure in the pile made me suck in my breath . 
 it was the same one major grant had given me on his `` visit . '' 
 it was for branston academy . 
 20 `` what did you find ? '' 
 asher asked . 
 i directed the flashlight to the cover , and his lips thinned . 
 `` why would he have that ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 maybe they tried to recruit him , too . '' 
 i could still feel the sting of grant 's needle , and i pushed those thoughts away . 
 i flipped through the pages of the brochure , recognizing the fake smiles i 'd seen in my own copy . 
 on the last page , someone had scrawled a phone number in blue ink . 
 i tucked the brochure into my purse and hurried to put the rest of the files back in the drawer . 
 `` are you finding anything , ash ? '' 
 `` nothing but dozens of project status emails to danvers and his team , and some pretty hot messages to the latest girl he was hitting on . '' 
 `` oh ? '' 
 i got to my feet to lean over his shoulder , and he shook his head . 
 `` keep moving , lexicon . 
 you can see them later . '' 
 i stuck out my tongue and flicked the flashlight at the old-school clock on the wall . 
 we 'd been there seven minutes already . 
 `` we should hurry . 
 danvers will be wrapping up her speech soon . '' 
 he nodded , not taking his eyes from the glowing monitor . 
 it turned his skin a weird shade of blue and washed out his eyes until they looked colorless . 
 `` i 'm almost done here . 
 take a look through his bookshelf before we go . '' 
 i nodded and moved over to the tall shelf . 
 it was mostly full of decorative items , a vase , a model of an atom , a few awards . 
 the books were all crowded together on one shelf , and i gripped the flashlight in my teeth , aiming it at each book as i pulled it out . 
 most of them were texts he 'd written or contributed to , a few looked like research books , and there were even one or two spy novels tucked between the scientific texts . 
 i flipped through the pages of each book quickly , but there were no notes , no sign he 'd even read any of them . 
 we were wasting our time here , and if anyone caught us ... the glow from the computer faded as asher shut it down , leaving my tiny flashlight the only light in the room . 
 he moved through the shadows to join me at the bookshelf ; i could feel the heat of him before his arm touched mine . 
 `` what can i do ? '' 
 i could think of quite a few things he could do , especially in that tuxedo , but i smoothed my suddenly sweaty palms on my dress and turned to face him , the flashlight in my mouth shining directly in his face , turning his eyes into stars . 
 he blinked and threw a hand up to shield his eyes . 
 `` watch it , lexicon . '' 
 his voice was husky as he tugged the flashlight from my teeth and turned it on me . 
 it was such an odd feeling , knowing he was there , watching me , studying me , but invisible in the darkness . 
 i forced a smile . 
 `` one left to go and then we can get out of here . 
 though i 'm not expecting to find anything . '' 
 `` i hope there 's something on the information i copied from his computer . 
 i 'd hate for this to be a waste of time . '' 
 asher directed the flashlight to the lowest shelf and then snapped the light off . 
 `` did you hear that ? '' 
 my ears strained , but i was more conscious of asher 's closeness , of the feel of his body beside mine in the dark . 
 a thousand tendrils of heat stretched between us , connecting us . 
 `` i did n't ... '' `` shh ... '' he put a finger against my lips . 
 i froze as his skin touched mine , and a shiver of pleasure snaked through me . 
 i wished i could see his face . 
 i was glad he could n't see mine . 
 and then i heard it too . 
 voices . 
 my phone vibrated in my purse , and i pulled it out . 
 the text was from zella . 
 danvers and kepler on the way . 
 i grimaced . 
 so much for an early warning system . 
 thank god asher had heard them . 
 i leaned closer to him to whisper , `` danvers and my dad . 
 we need to hide . '' 
 we both realized it at the same moment . 
 there was no place to hide . 
 avery 's desk was glass , modern and sleek . 
 there were no closets , no huge chairs to hide behind . 
 we were trapped . 
 outside the door , the voices grew louder . 
 dad had that overly reasonable tone he always got when he was trying to make a point . 
 `` you know i ca n't continue on this project using avery 's plan , carla . 
 that 's not how i work . 
 i need time to reevaluate the approach . '' 
 `` we do n't have time , william . 
 qt ca n't afford any mistakes right now . 
 we 're under investigation from the government , and branston is breathing down our necks . 
 if this does n't go well , they 'll take us over for sure . 
 and then none of us will be safe . '' 
 asher tensed beside me , and i wanted to touch him , to reassure him it would be okay and my dad would make this right , but i held back , waiting for dad 's answer . 
 `` i understand , but we ca n't take chances with this . 
 one wrong step and it wo n't just be our jobs at stake - it 'll be our lives . '' 
 he let out a deep sigh . 
 `` i need his files , carla . '' 
 there was a long pause , but finally , she said , `` fine . '' 
 the keypad beeped as she entered a password . 
 asher slid a hand around my waist and yanked me to him , his other hand tangling in the hair at the back of my neck . 
 and then he kissed me . 
 i sank into him , my body fitting against his chest like a puzzle piece . 
 my arms snaked up to his shoulders , brushing through the soft hair at the back of his neck . 
 his lips crushed mine as his hands splayed across my back , pulling me even closer . 
 the smooth fabric of his tux wrinkled beneath my grasping fingers . 
 the heat of him , the taste of him overwhelmed me , and the kiss deepened until the whole room was spinning . 
 i forgot where we were , what we were doing . 
 all that mattered was the chemistry between us , the way my hips pressed to his , the feel of his arms around me . 
 asher 's fingers feathered against my jaw , each touch searing and gentle at the same time . 
 his other hand traced the contour of my waist , curled around me , pulling me closer until our heartbeats mirrored each other . 
 he tasted exactly like i 'd expected - like asher . 
 and i wanted more . 
 there was a shocked gasp , and then my dad 's murderous voice . 
 `` alexa kepler , what the hell are you doing in here ? '' 
 asher and i sprang apart . 
 i could feel my cheeks blazing , and i stared at the floor , the walls , anywhere but my dad 's furious face . 
 `` it was my fault , dr. kepler , '' asher said . 
 `` i wanted to be alone with lexie , and this was the only unlocked office . '' 
 dr. danvers shook her head . 
 `` that 's impossible . 
 security sealed it . '' 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` what did you do , rosen ? '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 he blinked innocently at her and adjusted his jacket . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about . '' 
 `` both of you need to get back to the party . 
 now , '' dad growled . 
 `` and , alexa , we will be talking about this later . '' 
 i hung my head and shuffled out of the room , asher right behind me . 
 my dad slammed the door behind us . 
 asher grinned like the cheshire cat . 
 `` guess it worked . 
 they did n't even question why we were in there . '' 
 i blinked a few times . 
 my head still felt kind of swimmy from that kiss , but i should 've realized he 'd only done it to save us , to give us an excuse for being in there . 
 i forced a laugh . 
 `` good one . 
 totally fooled them . '' 
 `` let 's get back to the ballroom . 
 we need to get everyone together and tell them what we heard . 
 branston wants to take over qt . 
 i did n't even think something like that was possible . '' 
 he shook his head and set off at a sprint . 
 i did n't bother to try to keep up . 
 my knees were n't steady enough for that sort of speed yet , and my pulse still raced faster than i thought possible . 
 asher stopped at the doors and waited for me . 
 `` you okay , lexicon ? '' 
 pull it together , kepler . 
 i nodded and pushed past him into the crowded room . 
 `` just need a drink . '' 
 he peered at me for a minute , concerned . 
 `` there 's a chair over there . 
 i 'll go grab a soda for you and be right back . '' 
 i sank down into one of the chairs against the wall and watched him push through the crowds . 
 people laughed and greeted him , and he 'd switched back into actor asher mode . 
 hell , he might even be more charming than usual if that was even possible . 
 amy must have been watching for him because she appeared a moment later and gripped his arm like a lifeline . 
 a surge of jealousy shot through me . 
 the kiss had n't meant anything . 
 i had to let it go . 
 asher and i were better off just staying friends . 
 across the room , i spotted max and zella entering together . 
 she had her head tilted close to his to hear better , her face glowing with happiness . 
 there was another situation i could n't read . 
 zella obviously liked him , so why did n't she just tell him ? 
 the music started up again , and zella grabbed max 's arm , tugging him toward the dance floor . 
 he shook his head , but she kept tugging and finally he smiled and followed her . 
 i frowned at them . 
 maybe i understood zella better than i thought . 
 i was n't really having much success with accepting my own feelings about asher . 
 it was freaking terrifying . 
 at the drink table , amy had draped herself all over asher , but he shrugged out of her reach and nodded at one of the other guys standing nearby . 
 he looked like he was our age , but i did n't recognize him - probably in a different level . 
 the guy 's eyes widened , and he nodded enthusiastically before holding out his hand . 
 amy pouted at asher , but he shook his head . 
 finally , she grabbed the other guy 's arm , her hips swaying as she headed for the dance floor . 
 she glanced back at asher to make sure he was watching the show , but he 'd already picked up two cans of soda and was headed back toward me . 
 amy stared at me from across the room . 
 her eyes narrowed before her partner spun her away into the crowd . 
 i felt my skin crawl at the raw hatred in her expression . 
 `` amy looked pretty pissed you abandoned her , '' i said casually , taking the can from asher as he sat down beside me . 
 `` i 'm more worried about what 's going on here . 
 not really in the mood to dance with her . '' 
 i chewed my lip . 
 the image of asher and me twirling to the music , the feel of his hands on my hips as we danced popped into my head before i could stop myself . 
 and there i went again . 
 so much for my promise to not think about him like that . 
 `` so , um , what are you in the mood for then ? '' 
 the corner of his mouth twitched . 
 `` what are you offering ? '' 
 `` uh-uh . 
 i 'm not crossing that line . 
 amy already hates me enough as it is . '' 
 `` what we do together is none of her business . '' 
 his slow smile made my knees weak , but i pushed it away . 
 `` really ? 
 that 's why she 's spending the night at your house and bragging about you guys getting back together ? 
 i 'm getting seriously mixed signals here . 
 if you 're not interested , just tell me and put me out of my misery already . '' 
 oh my god , had i really just said that ? 
 i clapped my hand to my mouth and bolted to my feet , turning away before he could see my beet-red face . 
 asher grabbed my hand before i could run away and forced me to turn and face him . 
 `` misery , huh ? '' 
 i tried to tug my hand free , but he held it tighter . 
 i stared down at the tips of my shoes poking out from beneath my dress . 
 i could n't stand to see the gloating in his eyes . 
 it was bad enough to hear it in his voice , for him to know i 'd been stupid enough to fall for him . 
 because i had . 
 as hard as i thought i 'd been fighting it , it had been a losing battle from day one . 
 `` lexie , look at me . '' 
 i shook my head and stared past him . 
 across the room , i spotted jordan dancing with another scientist . 
 which meant dad and dr. danvers were still in avery 's office . 
 maybe if i caught the shuttle home , i could escape the dreaded discussion with him . 
 asher put his hands on my shoulders and forced me to face him . 
 `` amy and i are n't together . 
 we have n't been since last year . 
 we 're just friends . '' 
 i finally met his gaze , hating that i sounded almost jealous . 
 `` then why all the kissing and hanging out and whatever ? '' 
 `` i told you . 
 i 've been helping her with her homework . 
 and we have n't kissed , lexie . 
 she knows we 're over . '' 
 my eyes flicked to amy , still gyrating on the dance floor . 
 `` i do n't think she does . '' 
 asher followed my gaze . 
 `` not for lack of me trying . 
 honestly , i did n't mean to hurt anyone . 
 especially you . '' 
 he looked sincere and i wanted more than anything to believe him , but what about all the other girls he 'd dated ? 
 was i going to turn into another amy , desperate to hold on to him after he 'd moved on to the next shiny new thing ? 
 the bars of a slow song filled the room , and asher 's grin turned suggestive as he held out a hand . 
 `` dance with me ? '' 
 it was all i could do not to jump into his arms , despite my misgivings . 
 i tugged at the bodice of my suddenly-too-hot dress . 
 `` i 'm not much of a dancer . '' 
 `` me either . 
 but somehow i do n't think anyone will mind . '' 
 asher led me out onto the dance floor . 
 his hands snaked around my waist and pulled me against him , and i awkwardly placed mine on his shoulders . 
 what the hell was wrong with me ? 
 i 'd danced with guys before . 
 but none of them had asher 's sparkling blue eyes or the dimple in his cheek . 
 `` relax . 
 i 'm not going to bite , '' he whispered in my ear . 
 his breath was hot and moist against my skin , and i shivered . 
 couples moved slowly around us . 
 i tried to focus on them instead of on the way my fingers ached to touch his hair or how my pulse threatened to turn into a drumbeat . 
 slowly , i relaxed into the feeling of having his arms around me . 
 i looked up to find him watching me with a crooked smile that made my skin erupt into flames . 
 `` how many broken hearts did you leave back in ohio ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` not nearly as many as you 'd think . '' 
 i tried to keep it light , to hide how much just being this close to him made me feel . 
 i could n't push away my feelings for him anymore , but did i really want to cross that line right now ? 
 i swallowed as he arched a perfect eyebrow at me . 
 most definitely yes . 
 `` the guys at school did n't usually choose brains over beauty , '' i added . 
 `` then they 're idiots . 
 especially since you have both . '' 
 he tucked a strand of hair behind my ear , his fingers leaving a trail of heat against my skin . 
 i let out a shaky breath . 
 `` can i ask you something ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` anything . '' 
 `` why me ? 
 you could have any girl here . 
 you probably have . 
 so why do you keep doing this ? 
 why do you care if i like you or not ? '' 
 three bars of music played before he answered , staring into my eyes . 
 the spotlights above us shifted his eye color from blue to turquoise to twilight . 
 `` because you 're different . 
 and because no matter what you think , you 're special . 
 i know you 're suspicious of me and my past , but i promise , most of it is n't true . '' 
 for the first time since we 'd met , his smile was unsure . 
 `` let me prove it to you ? 
 on a real date ? 
 we 'll go somewhere quiet , just the two of us , and talk . '' 
 i wanted to believe him , more than anything else i 'd ever wanted . 
 finally , i nodded . 
 `` all right . '' 
 `` yes ! '' 
 he grabbed me around the waist and swung me in a circle . 
 i giggled and struggled in his arms . 
 `` put me down ! 
 people are watching us , '' i hissed , though i would have stayed like that the rest of the night . 
 `` if i must . '' 
 he let me down slowly , our chests pressed together . 
 the beat of the music changed to something fast , and he slid a hand to my lower back and lowered me into a dip . 
 his lips were millimeters from mine , his breath caressing my face as he whispered , `` but i have a feeling they 're going to be doing more than watching us by the end of the night . 
 they 're going to be talking about us . '' 
 21 the smell of coffee woke me the next morning , and i padded out into the kitchen . 
 dad lounged on the couch with his tablet , and he glanced up as i entered . 
 `` there 's plenty left in the pot for you . '' 
 his gaze was appraising , and i wondered how many people had been gossiping about me and asher last night . 
 especially after it got around that we 'd been found together in avery 's office . 
 i had a feeling it was asher who 'd let that little fact slip . 
 i poured myself a cup , cradling it in my hands as i sank into one of the armchairs . 
 dad raised an eyebrow at me . 
 `` do i even need to ask if you had fun last night ? '' 
 heat flooded my face , and i stared down into my mug . 
 i so did not want to have this conversation with him . 
 `` dad , we were just ... '' `` i know what you were doing . '' 
 my head snapped up . 
 he could n't . 
 it was n't possible . 
 asher said he 'd been careful with the scan of avery 's files . 
 `` i know you like the boy , but he 's bad news . 
 do n't get involved with asher , lex . 
 no matter how attractive you think he is . 
 i do n't want to see you get hurt . '' 
 `` dad , it 's not what it looks like . '' 
 i wanted nothing more than to spill everything . 
 he was an assistant director ; he 'd be able to help us figure out what was going on . 
 maybe even stop it . 
 but asher and the others had agreed to wait . 
 i could n't break their trust . 
 `` lex , i was a teenager , too . 
 i know what you two were doing . 
 and where it might have gone if we had n't stumbled in on you . 
 promise me it wo n't happen again . 
 promise you 'll be careful . '' 
 i nodded , though the smart-ass part of me wanted to ask if he was being careful himself . 
 the way jordan had been hanging all over him last night had led to his own brand of gossip snaking through the dance floor . 
 dad sighed . 
 `` since you were ... busy during dr. danvers ' speech , did you hear the news ? '' 
 `` what news ? '' 
 `` i 'm taking over as head of project infinity . '' 
 i stared at him in shock . 
 how could i have been so distracted by asher that i 'd missed news like that ? 
 `` what ? 
 that 's fantastic , dad ! '' 
 he tried to keep his expression modest , but it turned into a full grin . 
 `` it was unexpected . 
 i thought seth would get it since he was avery 's right hand man . '' 
 he took a sip of coffee and shook his head . 
 `` it 's going to be a crazy couple of weeks though . 
 we 're going ahead with the first test on friday , and i still need to catch up on avery 's notes . 
 the guy was so disorganized i do n't know how he found anything . '' 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll do great , dad . 
 you 're smarter than anyone else at qt . '' 
 `` i 'm not sure about that , but i 'm honored to be in charge . 
 i just wish i had more time to go through avery 's plans . 
 i hate feeling out of the loop . '' 
 so did i. and as far as i knew , asher had n't found any clues last night on avery 's computer . 
 it was up to me . 
 `` have you heard anything else about the investigation into avery 's murder ? '' 
 dad 's lips thinned . 
 `` you know i ca n't talk about that , lexie . 
 it 's classified . '' 
 `` come on , dad . 
 who am i going to tell ? 
 it 's not like i have friends . '' 
 `` asher 's not a friend , then ? '' 
 he sounded almost snarky before he glanced down at his coffee . 
 `` this does n't leave the room . 
 understood ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` the autopsy came back yesterday . 
 avery was injected with some sort of fast-acting toxin . 
 the scientists have never seen anything like it before . 
 they 're still trying to figure out who had a motive , but the guy was n't exactly popular . 
 the only thing we know is it had to be someone with division seven access or higher . 
 they 're interviewing everyone with clearance . '' 
 he stared out the window , and i knew he was wondering which of his colleagues had committed murder . 
 and if there were other targets who might be next . 
 i clutched the arm of the chair , remembering grant 's serum . 
 branston was involved . 
 i knew it . 
 i 'd hid the brochure i 'd found in avery 's office in my nightstand , but its presence felt like a weight on my shoulders . 
 we were running out of time . 
 branston had already found me once . 
 what if dad was their next target now that he was in charge ? 
 `` i 'm sure they 'll find whoever did it soon . '' 
 he got to his feet . 
 `` i hope so , lex . 
 because until they do , qt is n't going to be a fun place to work . '' 
 dad was right . 
 starting monday , new security protocols were implemented at qt . 
 we had to go through two full body scans , and our bags were searched both on entry and exit of the building . 
 divisions were locked down and security revoked for non-essential personnel . 
 it took an extra fifteen minutes just to get into the building in the morning , and i was glad i did n't have normal classes or even a specific schedule . 
 as it was , max , zella , and amy were working off-site , asher was locked in the lab , and i spent most of the time in the library trying to figure out how avery 's calculations fit in with the ultraviolet catastrophe information i 'd already researched . 
 people still whispered about avery 's murder , but most of the project members were too busy getting the first test ready to have time to hang around gossiping . 
 dad slept at the lab a few times that week , leaving me to take the shuttle back and forth and generally fend for myself . 
 it worked out well since asher wanted to get us all together to go over the scan of avery 's computer on wednesday . 
 i got to coco 's before everyone else and had a seat at the bar while i waited . 
 `` so what 'll it be ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i make a mean pumpkin spice latte . '' 
 `` that sounds perfect . '' 
 i stifled a yawn and watched her brew the espresso . 
 `` you meeting someone or just getting some studying done ? '' 
 coco asked over her shoulder . 
 `` meeting asher and the gang . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` looks like you 're fitting in here just fine , huh ? '' 
 i gave her a secret smile . 
 asher had asked me out , and max and zella were being friendly . 
 things were starting to look up . 
 coco laughed . 
 `` i know that look . 
 ` atta girl . 
 asher 's a great guy . '' 
 the bell on the door jangled , and everyone walked in together . 
 `` hey , guys . '' 
 i slid off my stool . 
 asher slung an arm around my neck and held me in a headlock for a second . 
 `` did your dad give you a hard time about finding us friday night ? '' 
 i could n't stop my grin . 
 `` it could have been worse . 
 he just warned me you were n't trustworthy and i should be careful . '' 
 `` smart man . '' 
 asher let me go as we headed toward a round table in the back of the restaurant . 
 i tried to ignore amy 's glares as i slid into the chair beside asher . 
 she , of course , sat on his other side . 
 `` guess he 'll just have to get used to me being around , huh ? '' 
 asher bumped his shoulder into mine . 
 `` guess so . 
 we still on for dinner friday night ? '' 
 i tried to be casual about it , to hide the kick of my heart at the thought of going on an actual date . 
 `` i 'm not letting you out of it now . 
 i 've never worked this hard for anything . '' 
 my smile was a little bigger than it needed to be as i turned to zella on my other side . 
 `` hey , i like that sweater . 
 that color green is gorgeous on you . '' 
 she blinked at me . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` yeah , lexie 's right , '' max said , tilting his head as if noticing for the first time . 
 zella let out an uncomfortable giggle . 
 `` i 've had it forever . '' 
 `` well , i like it . '' 
 they smiled shyly at each other , and i stared down into my latte , trying not to giggle myself . 
 beside me , asher took a deep breath . 
 `` so i finished running the analysis on avery 's files . '' 
 amy leaned forward and put her hand on his arm . 
 `` what did you find ? '' 
 he slid his hand away from hers , and a hurt expression flashed across her face . 
 `` nothing . 
 it was wiped before we even got there . 
 his whole system was just too clean . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` there was a back door into avery 's files . 
 someone used it to erase the incriminating ones . 
 he was up to something , and either his killer knew it and wanted that information or someone else is covering for him . '' 
 we all stared at each other in silence , and suddenly , it felt real . 
 my skin crawled . 
 a man was dead , and someone we might know had killed him . 
 but why ? 
 what was it they wanted ? 
 amy stretched out a hand to touch asher 's arm but paused . 
 `` ash , the first test is friday . 
 if someone is targeting scientists or trying to sabotage the project , we need to tell them or we 'll put everyone at risk . '' 
 he jumped to his feet to pace in front of the table . 
 coco looked up from where she was cleaning the bar , but asher waved her back . 
 `` give me the rest of the week . 
 if we do n't make some sort of progress by then , we 'll tell someone . 
 please . '' 
 his voice sounded desperate , and my skin pricked with unease wondering what else asher was n't telling us . 
 max nodded . 
 `` we can do that . 
 right , guys ? 
 give him a break . '' 
 amy pouted , but she finally shrugged . 
 `` fine . 
 we 'll wait until next week . 
 but i just want to go on the record that i think we should have told danvers about this when lexie first discovered the anomaly . '' 
 her expression was more calculating than annoyed and made me wonder what exactly was going on in her brain . 
 `` we 've gone this long . 
 let 's let asher do his thing . 
 he 's never let us down before , '' i said , hoping he would n't get all smug and cocky at my compliment she turned and tapped a finger against her chin . 
 `` that 's true . 
 i mean , it 's not like he 's his mother , right ? 
 we can trust him . '' 
 the color drained from asher 's face . 
 `` amy ! '' 
 `` well , i 'm just saying . 
 you 'd never betray us . '' 
 she sank back in her chair while max , zella , and i exchanged confused looks . 
 amy 's voice turned husky . 
 `` want to go back to your place and see if i can find anything with those files ? 
 your tutoring the other day was ... useful . '' 
 he stared at her for a long moment before shrugging . 
 `` sure . 
 it 'll be good to get another set of eyes on them . '' 
 amy got to her feet and wrapped a hand around his arm . 
 `` we 'll keep you guys posted if we find anything . 
 see you later . '' 
 he was careful not to look at any of us as he led amy from the restaurant . 
 the three of us stared as they left coco 's . 
 i closed my open mouth with a snap . 
 `` what the hell just happened ? '' 
 zella demanded . 
 max shook his head . 
 `` amy mentioned asher 's mom , and it was like she 'd punched him . '' 
 asher 's mom . 
 amy . 
 i chewed my lip as something niggled at the back of my mind . 
 `` i think he got an email from his mom a couple of weeks ago . 
 amy read it . '' 
 whatever was in that email must have been more serious than i 'd thought . 
 zella 's voice went up an octave , and she echoed my thoughts . 
 `` what did it say ? 
 i 've never seen him like that before . '' 
 i wished i knew . 
 there were so many things asher and i had never talked about , so many things i wanted to learn about him . 
 zella got to her feet and slung her bag over her shoulder . 
 `` i guess we 're not going to find out sitting here . 
 i 'm going to run to the bathroom before we leave . 
 you 're still dropping me at fencing practice , right , max ? '' 
 he nodded , and i perked up . 
 `` you fence ? 
 that 's so cool . 
 is there someplace around here that teaches it ? 
 i 've always wanted to learn . '' 
 `` yeah , there 's a studio off south street . 
 i 've been going for about three years . 
 it 's fantastic . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` let me know if you want to tag along some time . '' 
 i blinked once in surprise before nodding . 
 `` thanks ! 
 i 'd like that . '' 
 she nodded back and headed toward the bathroom . 
 max watched her leave and shook his head . 
 `` asher and i are n't best friends or anything , but there 's something wrong , lexie . '' 
 i was still shocked at zella being so nice , but i nodded , dragging my thoughts back to the earlier conversation . 
 `` yeah , i got that impression , too . '' 
 he paused , looked down at his cup . 
 `` are you two dating ? '' 
 a heat crept up my neck , and i was n't sure how to answer . 
 `` no ? 
 yes ? 
 i do n't know . '' 
 `` amy does n't take no for an answer , does she ? 
 though i suppose most guys would n't mind that if they were dating someone who looks like amy . 
 she 's definitely not your typical science nerd . '' 
 he blinked once , and his cheeks went pink . 
 `` not that you look like a typical nerd either , lexie . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` thanks , max , but i have no illusions about the way i look . 
 i 'm perfectly average , and i 'm okay with that . '' 
 most of the time . 
 `` what about you , max ? 
 are there any girls you 're interested in ? '' 
 i could n't stop my gaze from flicking toward the restrooms . 
 he grimaced . 
 `` not really . 
 besides , who 'd want to date me anyway ? '' 
 `` max , any girl would be lucky to date you . 
 and i can think of at least one off the top of my head who 's very interested . '' 
 max 's eyes widened , and his voice sounded strangled . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` uh-uh . 
 i 'm not telling . 
 but seriously , if you ca n't figure it out , i 'm going to have to deduct some guy points . '' 
 he looked slightly panicked . 
 `` but i do n't know how ... what do i do ... ? '' 
 i leaned across the table and put my hand on his arm . 
 `` max , just be yourself . 
 and try not to be so clueless . '' 
 zella approached the table , eyes narrowed . 
 `` did i interrupt something ? '' 
 max yanked his arm away from my hand like asher had done with amy , and i bit back a smile . 
 he shot to his feet . 
 `` there you are , zella . 
 ready to go ? '' 
 i could see the wheels turning as she jumped to the totally wrong conclusion , and i shook my head . 
 `` just giving max some advice . 
 any girl would be lucky to have him , right , zella ? '' 
 our gazes locked , and i willed her to understand . 
 i was n't poaching her territory . 
 i was trying to help her . 
 finally , her shoulders relaxed , and she nodded . 
 `` definitely . 
 max is a great guy . '' 
 she chewed her lip and looked up at him from beneath her eyelashes . 
 he bumped her shoulder with his . 
 `` well , thanks , but you have to say that . 
 we 've been friends since we were three . '' 
 i tried not to groan . 
 `` whatever , you two . 
 i 'll see you later . '' 
 22 friday . 
 tonight i was going on a date with asher . 
 the thought made the zit on my chin feel the size of mt. olympus . 
 i spent hours that morning staring at the clothes hanging in my closet and finally settled on the one pair of jeans that fit my curves without looking baggy and a pink ballet-neck shirt . 
 i found a pair of gold flats , then studied myself in the mirror . 
 the pink brought out the gold tones in my dark hair and gave some color to my cheeks . 
 not bad . 
 and at least it was n't raining . 
 dealing with hermione hair today would have killed me . 
 we were leaving right after school . 
 asher wanted to drive into knoxville and go to a quiet restaurant he 'd found downtown . 
 i did n't know how i was going to get through the rest of the day . 
 i paced my bedroom , tugged at my shirt , stared out the window , messed with my hair . 
 `` stop that , lexie , '' i ordered , shaking a finger at myself in the mirror . 
 `` it 's just dinner . 
 with a guy you go to school with . 
 you can handle this . '' 
 my email dinged , and grateful to have something to do while waiting for dad to finish getting ready for work , i plopped down in front of the computer . 
 and almost fell out of my chair . 
 it was from major grant . 
 lexie , i sincerely apologize for how things went when we met in person . 
 the situation got out of control . 
 my intent was not to scare you but to convince you that branston is your home . 
 obviously , drugging you was not the right tactic . 
 however , we are fast approaching the apex of our plans , and i have run out of time to be subtle . 
 you belong to us , and we will do what we must to make sure you return to branston . 
 including using those you love . 
 major timothy grant a whimper escaped my lips , and i whipped out my phone , hands trembling . 
 i had n't heard from my mom in days . 
 what if they had her ? 
 three rings later , her cell phone went straight to voicemail . 
 i left a frantic message and then darted into the hallway . 
 dad was pouring himself a cup of coffee , but he set down the pot the instant he saw me . 
 `` lexie ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 `` dad . 
 major grant emailed me . 
 he said you were in danger . '' 
 my voice trembled . 
 `` everything 's fine . 
 i told you qt security will make sure nothing happens . '' 
 he led me toward his laptop . 
 `` let me read his email . '' 
 i pulled it up and watched as his face grew grim . 
 `` but what about when we 're not at qt ? 
 what if he finds us here ? 
 what if he finds mom ? '' 
 `` relax , lexie . 
 we are all fine . 
 after grant 's last attempt , qt upped their security protocols . 
 and your mother is fine . 
 branston likes to threaten , but they never take action . '' 
 `` could have fooled me . 
 what about grant trying to kidnap me ? '' 
 `` they thought they could get to you before we were aware . 
 they wo n't have a chance like that again . 
 now , go get your things . 
 i 'll alert qt security to be extra-vigilant when we get there . '' 
 he patted my shoulder reassuringly . 
 `` we 've got you covered , lex . 
 everything 's going to be fine . '' 
 i flashed him a disbelieving look but went to get my tablet and bag . 
 i did n't have any choice but to trust him . 
 grant 's email squashed the excitement i 'd felt at going out with asher . 
 but i did n't want to tell him about it . 
 he 'd go all protective and say leaving oak ridge was n't safe . 
 and there was no way i was letting branston break this date . 
 i headed toward the library , expecting to see him and the others , but when i logged into a computer , i spotted an email from him . 
 working at amy 's house this morning . 
 she was n't feeling well , and we needed to get these calculations finished . 
 but i will still pick you up at four . 
 ca n't wait to see you . 
 asher i sighed and pulled up my own ultraviolet catastrophe calculations . 
 i still needed to figure out how they fit into avery 's experiment . 
 except instead of doing my homework , i spent most of my time staring at major grant 's email . 
 whatever it meant , whoever he thought he was going to target , the guy was batshit crazy . 
 i gritted my teeth and buried my head in my hands . 
 a huge boom made the library walls vibrate . 
 the floor swayed , and the lights went out with a surge and a pop as the bulbs burst . 
 books tumbled off the shelves . 
 the computers went black . 
 a sharp , acrid smell filled the air , making me cough and choke . 
 then the alarms started . 
 `` everyone to the emergency exit please . '' 
 joan waved her arms . 
 lights shot from her palms like flashlights , illuminating the room and showing us the way out . 
 smoke swirled in the beams like ghosts , and i pressed my shirt to my mouth so i could breathe . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 someone asked . 
 the other scientists chimed in until their voices blended with the sirens . 
 `` where was the explosion ? 
 is anyone hurt ? '' 
 joan shook her head . 
 `` my sensors say the explosion occurred in division seven . 
 but this is not the time for questions . 
 move ! '' 
 she hurried us out of the library and down the corridor . 
 i shuffled into the crowd , my heart kicking in my chest . 
 dad was working in division seven today . 
 scientists poured from their labs into the hall as the alarms screamed overhead , and we moved in a river of white coats toward the exits . 
 the world narrowed until there were only jostling bodies and terrified voices and the smell of fear mixed with ash . 
 and i could only think one thing : branston . 
 when we finally spilled out into the cool , fall air , i sucked in a deep breath , trying to calm the panic making my legs refuse to move . 
 i searched the crowds for dad or dr. rosen or anyone i knew at all , but it was a sea of strangers . 
 my hands went clammy as panic took over . 
 the logical part of me knew there were several exits from the building and they could be somewhere else , but the other part of me wanted to scream and cry and beg for news of my dad . 
 `` lexie ! '' 
 asher 's voice cut through the black panic as he shoved through the crowds toward me . 
 `` are you alright ? 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 i stared back at the smoking building , and my whole body started to shake . 
 `` there was an explosion . 
 my dad 's down there . '' 
 my voice broke , and he pulled me into his arms . 
 i buried my head in his chest . 
 dad was okay . 
 he had to be . 
 scientists still streamed from the building , and i felt asher quiver . 
 `` dad ! '' 
 he called . 
 `` over here ! '' 
 i pulled away as he hurried toward us . 
 soot streaked dr. rosen 's face and hair , and his dark eyes were rimmed with red . 
 `` asher , what are you doing here ? 
 i thought you were at home . '' 
 he spotted me and froze . 
 `` lexie . '' 
 a gust of wind lifted his hair , and i caught the scent of acrid smoke and chemicals . 
 `` have you seen my dad ? 
 what 's going on , dr. rosen ? '' 
 he avoided my eyes . 
 `` the project team was ordered to do a pre-test on the wormhole machine . 
 it looks like someone rigged it to explode when it was fired it up . 
 you 're dad 's been seriously injured , and life flight is on the way . 
 i 'll take you to him . '' 
 i could n't breathe . 
 my chest felt paralyzed , my whole body unable to move . 
 `` was anyone killed ? '' 
 he frowned but shook his head . 
 `` another ten or so were injured , but none as badly as your dad . '' 
 he nodded toward the back of the building . 
 `` let 's get you over to him . '' 
 i glanced at asher , and my face must have betrayed my fear because he pulled me even closer and rubbed my shoulder . 
 my brain was n't working . 
 dr. rosen 's words did cartwheels as i tried to focus . 
 my skin went icy , despite the sunshine . 
 we were right . 
 branston had someone on the inside . 
 oh my god , this was all my fault . 
 we should have told someone . 
 asher took my hand and led me forward . 
 `` come on , lexie . '' 
 the rosens pushed through the crowd toward the far end of the building where three scientists streaked with smoke struggled to put up a tent over the people stretched on the ground . 
 i had to turn away from their bloody faces and sobbing moans . 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 i whispered . 
 dr. rosen led me to a shady spot where a stretcher was set up beneath a tree . 
 two doctors i recognized from the medical wing worked over him , strapping him down to his stretcher and trying to stop the bleeding . 
 blood had soaked through the thin fabric of the blanket covering him , turning it rust-red where it had started to dry . 
 i bit back a sob and dropped to the ground beside him . 
 i was terrified to touch him , but he was so still , so pale i needed to make sure he was alive . 
 my fingers trembled as i brushed some of the dust from his face . 
 i let out a breath of relief . 
 his skin was still warm , though his eyes were closed and his breathing harsh and labored . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 dr. rosen shook his head . 
 `` we do n't know yet . 
 jordan said one second everything was going according to plan , and the next the machine was overheating and just blew . 
 your dad was closest to it . '' 
 the throb of a helicopter grew close , kicking up wind and debris , and i tried to shield dad 's face with my hands . 
 i wanted to curl up against him , to protect him with my body , but i felt so helpless and alone . 
 tears welled , but i would n't let myself cry , not until i knew more . 
 a stray piece of paper skittered across the ground , and i froze . 
 it flapped for a moment , stuck against a piece of grass , and the image of the branston logo seared into my brain . 
 then it was gone in another gust of wind from the chopper . 
 and i wondered if i was going crazy . 
 `` what can we do , lexie ? 
 what do you need ? '' 
 asher asked , putting a hand on my shoulder . 
 i could n't look at him , could n't let him see how scared i was so i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just need to focus on my dad right now . '' 
 a thought surged through me . 
 mom . 
 i needed to tell her what was going on . 
 but i still had n't heard from her after leaving my panicked voicemail this morning . 
 `` lexie , the medics are here . 
 let them get your dad on board , and i 'll drive you to the hospital . '' 
 asher pulled me away , and i got to my feet . 
 three men sprinted toward my dad , carrying medical kits and a stretcher . 
 they started working on him immediately , trying to stabilize him and stop the bleeding . 
 they were fast . 
 in a matter of minutes , he was hooked up to an oxygen machine , stuck with an iv , and pumped full of drugs . 
 and then they were wheeling him away to load him onto the helicopter . 
 `` come on - let 's get to the hospital . '' 
 asher tried to put an arm around my shoulder , but i shrugged it off . 
 `` i have to stay here and help until the rest of the crew is stabilized , '' said dr. rosen . 
 `` i 'll get to the hospital as soon as i can . '' 
 he smiled encouragingly , though the lines around his eyes had deepened and his skin was pale . 
 `` hang in there , he 's going to be all right . '' 
 i nodded and let asher lead me to his car . 
 he opened the door for me , and i slid inside , automatically snapping on my seatbelt . 
 the sleek car jumped into gear , and we sped toward the hospital . 
 asher paid no attention to the speed limit , and we took the curves down from qt faster than the speed limit but not nearly fast enough for me . 
 `` what were you doing here ? 
 i thought you were working at home this morning . '' 
 he slanted a look at me but did n't take his gaze off the road . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i just had this sudden urge to come find you . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` yeah . 
 weird , i know . '' 
 another pause before he asked , `` so , do you need to call your mom ? '' 
 i sniffed . 
 `` yeah . 
 i just do n't know what to say to her . '' 
 `` tell her she needs to get here . 
 that 'll be enough . '' 
 i dialed her number and was almost happy when i got her voicemail again . 
 all i had to do was leave a short message . 
 dad 's in the hospital . 
 not sure what 's going to happen . 
 get here as soon as you can . 
 not the most cohesive message , but it was about all i could manage . 
 i did n't know how i was going to do this . 
 i needed her here with me . 
 asher glanced at me from the corner of his eye . 
 `` hanging in there ? '' 
 `` i 'll be better when i know my dad 's going to be all right . '' 
 the car surged forward as asher stepped on the gas . 
 23 asher spent the entire afternoon with me in the surgery waiting room . 
 i did n't want to think too closely about the fact that his presence helped more than i would have expected . 
 as the hours went on , time stretched into an unendurable nothingness where it no longer had meaning or feeling . 
 where there was nothing else but the tv blaring on the wall and the comforting feel of asher 's thigh against mine . 
 max and zella showed up mid-afternoon , rushing into the room with worried faces and cups of coffee from coco 's . 
 `` have you heard anything yet ? '' 
 zella asked , sitting across from me in one of the cushioned chairs . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` the or nurse checked on me about an hour ago . 
 they were still working on him . 
 evidently , there is still shrapnel from the machine in his abdomen . 
 he 's lost a lot of blood . '' 
 i gratefully took a sip of the coffee and cradled the warm cup in my icy fingers . 
 `` what have you heard about the accident ? 
 how 's everyone else ? '' 
 max nodded . 
 `` they 've moved all of the injured to the hospital and are saying they should all recover in a few days . '' 
 `` this is all my fault . 
 we should have told someone about the calculations being wrong . 
 we could have stopped them from doing this test . '' 
 my voice cracked on the last word , and asher 's fingers brushed my wrist , reminding me he was there . 
 maybe if we 'd told my dad , branston would n't have been able to do this . 
 `` this is just as much my fault for not telling someone . '' 
 asher squeezed my hand , and his voice was determined . 
 `` i promise we 'll fix this . 
 but i do n't want you worrying about this right now . 
 focus on your dad . '' 
 `` i want to worry about it now . 
 i do n't want to sit here scared to death for the rest of the afternoon . 
 i want to be doing something . '' 
 coffee sloshed down my wrist , and i snatched a tissue from one of the many boxes scattered around the room to blot at it . 
 if branston had someone inside who could make this happen , what else were they planning ? 
 i wadded up the tissue in my fist . 
 freaking out was not going to help . 
 `` right . 
 sorry . 
 i just want to do something . 
 to fix this . '' 
 `` we all do , '' agreed max . 
 `` asher , your dad said he 'd be here in a little while . 
 he 's just finishing his reports at qt . 
 are you guys hungry ? 
 zella and i can grab some snacks from the shop downstairs . '' 
 asher nodded . 
 `` some food would be good . 
 thanks , guys . '' 
 max and zella took off , and asher turned to me . 
 `` what can i do , lexie ? 
 it 's killing me to see you like this . '' 
 `` make my dad better ? 
 rewind time so we can stop this from happening in the first place ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i just want to see him . 
 hear his voice again . '' 
 `` you will . 
 and we will figure this out . 
 i promise . '' 
 his eyes glittered with anger , and i knew he meant it . 
 i wanted to spill everything to him about grant 's email , but before i could , there was a commotion at the door and my mom rushed in . 
 `` lexie ! '' 
 i ran to her , squeezing so hard neither of us could breathe . 
 `` mom ! 
 you 're here ! '' 
 `` honey , i 've missed you so much . '' 
 she brushed a strand of hair from my cheek . 
 `` what 's happened ? 
 how 's will ? '' 
 i pulled away and shook my head . 
 `` i do n't know much . 
 they 're still trying to patch him up . '' 
 she squeezed my arm . 
 `` how are you holding up ? '' 
 i glared at her , my relief suddenly swamped by anger . 
 `` better if i could have gotten a hold of you . 
 where have you been ? 
 why have n't you been answering my phone calls or emails ? '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` i could n't risk it . 
 i had to finish a sensitive project . 
 branston could n't know where i was . 
 i 'm sorry , honey . '' 
 `` i was worried sick . '' 
 mom pulled me into another hug . 
 `` i know . 
 i was , too . 
 but things are going to be all right now . '' 
 she stepped back and noticed asher for the first time . 
 `` and who 's this ? '' 
 `` asher rosen . 
 a. . . 
 friend . '' 
 `` asher rosen ? '' 
 her eyebrows rose for a moment before she held out a hand . 
 `` it 's nice to see you again , asher . 
 i was friends with your mother a long time ago . '' 
 he shook her hand . 
 `` i remember . 
 i wish we were meeting again under better circumstances . '' 
 mom wrapped an arm around my shoulder and squeezed . 
 `` so do i. '' they wheeled my dad to the icu around seven that night . 
 five hours of surgery and three transfusions later , but he 'd made it . 
 the doctors had removed as much shrapnel as they could find , set his broken arm and leg , and stitched up the gashes on his face . 
 it looked like he 'd been through a battlefield instead of just a regular day at qt , but i did n't care . 
 at eight o'clock , i sent asher home . 
 he looked as tired as i felt , and dr. rosen had finally arrived to see how we were doing . 
 he and mom shook hands , taking a few minutes to catch up while asher and i wandered toward the elevators . 
 he leaned against the wall while we waited . 
 `` you going to be okay ? 
 you and your mom should go home and get some rest . '' 
 `` we 're going to stay for a while . 
 i do n't want dad to wake up here alone . '' 
 the hall was quiet ; most of the patients ' visitors had gone . 
 i stared at the computer carts for a moment before turning back to asher . 
 `` you know this was n't an accident , right ? 
 branston did this . 
 and as soon as i know dad 's okay ... '' asher shook his head . 
 `` as soon as he 's awake , you 're going to get some rest . 
 i 'm decrypting the rest of avery 's files as we speak . 
 i 'll let you know as soon as i find anything out . '' 
 wrinkles formed between asher 's eyebrows as he frowned . 
 `` right now , the most important thing is your dad . 
 you need to be there for him . '' 
 i nodded , guilt twisting my insides . 
 `` i know . 
 but i ca n't help feeling this is our fault . 
 if we 'd just told someone , branston could never ... '' part of me wanted to blame asher for keeping this secret , but i 'd agreed with waiting to tell danvers until we had more proof . 
 a frown formed between his eyebrows , and asher shifted his weight . 
 `` i know . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't think they would have believed us , but maybe i made the wrong call . 
 at least one good thing came out of it . 
 danvers announced the project is on hold while they investigate . '' 
 `` for how long ? '' 
 `` long enough for us to figure out who 's helping branston from inside . '' 
 he leaned forward and brushed a piece of hair from my cheek , his fingers leaving a trail of heat that made my skin tingle . 
 `` i 'll call you in the morning to see how your dad 's doing . '' 
 dr. rosen joined us as the elevators swished open . 
 he studied me for a moment before saying , `` call us if you need anything . '' 
 they got into the elevator , and a jumble of conflicting emotions swirled through me , though one thing stood out . 
 i would n't have gotten through the day without asher . 
 `` hey , asher ? '' 
 `` yeah , lexie ? '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he nodded , and the elevator doors slid shut . 
 i slowly walked back to dad 's room where mom was already curled up in one of the armchairs , her eyes framed by dark smudges . 
 `` asher seems like a good kid , '' she said . 
 `` it was nice of him to keep you company today . '' 
 `` yeah , he 's not too bad . '' 
 i sank into the other chair and tucked my feet beneath me . 
 i 'd missed our girl talks , but there was no way i was getting into a conversation about the guy i liked with her right now , no matter how much i was tempted . 
 and even though i 'd wanted to tell her everything as it had happened , email had n't seemed like the best way . 
 she 'd had more important things to worry about . 
 `` where have you been ? 
 what 's been going on since you left ? '' 
 `` where have n't i been ? '' 
 she gave me the ghost of a smile . 
 `` i hit almost every major city in the southwest , but i ended up in seattle at one of the other qt facilities . 
 branston followed me at every turn , and i had to finish my own research before i could come home . 
 i 'm sorry for not contacting you more often . '' 
 she paused . 
 `` dad told me about them finding you here . 
 i 'm so glad he was able to get to you in time . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` major grant showed up at coco 's . 
 it was not pretty . 
 i thought dad was going to kill the guy . '' 
 mom frowned at dad 's still form . 
 `` he probably would have . 
 they have a. . . 
 history . 
 but he said you had worked things out together ? '' 
 `` we 're getting there . 
 i do n't think he quite knows how to handle having a daughter . '' 
 she chuckled and looked at me with sad eyes . 
 `` i wish things had been different . 
 we thought being apart would be safest for all of us . 
 it was n't fair to keep him out of your life . '' 
 `` and what about your life ? '' 
 i raised an eyebrow . 
 `` what have n't you told me ? '' 
 mom shifted in her chair . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 `` oh , come on . 
 i saw you guys kissing in the kitchen . 
 dad told me he was still in love with you . 
 and you never got over him either , did you ? 
 the bitter divorce thing was all an act . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` we did what we had to do . 
 keeping you safe was more important . '' 
 i traced a finger over the worn fabric of the chair arm . 
 `` none of us are safe now . 
 i think branston caused the explosion that almost killed dad . '' 
 she half-rose to her feet . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i told her about grant 's email , and she got up to pace the room . 
 `` i suppose it is n't surprising that branston has spies inside qt . 
 they 've poached several leading scientists from other branches in the last year . '' 
 her lips thinned . 
 `` we just have to figure out who the mole is and how to stop him . '' 
 mom and i spent the night pretzeled into the two chairs in dad 's room before he woke at dawn . 
 he was groggy and out of it but all right . 
 the doctors did an mri and a few other tests to make sure he had n't sustained any brain damage , and though he was in a lot of pain , they told us he 'd probably be back home in about a week . 
 since he was out of the woods , mom and i left to get some rest at home . 
 but before i did anything else , i desperately needed a shower . 
 i stripped clothes off as i sprinted toward my bathroom , shedding the stench of smoke and fear and hospital as i went . 
 i cranked the shower as hot as it would go and stood under the stream , letting it wash away the smell coating my body like plastic . 
 i scrubbed my hair , letting the floral-scented bubbles wash over me and feeling my muscles finally start to relax . 
 i never wanted to go through anything like this again . 
 i paused , hands tangled in my hair . 
 if we did n't stop the saboteur , things might get even worse next time . 
 someone might die . 
 after i hurried through the rest of my shower , i stumbled back to my room , towel wrapped around my head . 
 i did a quick check of my phone as i plugged it in to charge . 
 two texts from asher , one from max , and one from zella . 
 the little red number next to my messages icon made me surprisingly happy . 
 i opened asher 's and smiled as i read . 
 just checking in . 
 hope your dad 's doing well . 
 wanted to make sure you did n't need anything . 
 besides me , of course . 
 grinning , i texted him back . 
 haha . 
 home now . 
 dad 's awake and well . 
 we 'll talk about what i need later . 
 i switched off my phone so i would n't be tempted to keep checking for his response . 
 right now , i needed a nap . 
 i slept for almost twenty-four hours and only woke when mom tapped on my door . 
 `` the hospital called . 
 your dad 's awake again . 
 want to head over ? '' 
 i nodded and yawned before throwing back the covers . 
 i twisted to turn on my bedside lamp and spotted the branston brochure on my nightstand . 
 the one from avery 's office . 
 the one with the jotted-down phone number . 
 i stared at my phone in the charger . 
 one call and i might have some answers . 
 one call and maybe i 'd be able to figure out who was working for branston . 
 who 'd hurt my dad and was trying to destroy the project . 
 i snatched up my phone and listened to it ring twice before someone picked up . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 a girl 's voice asked . 
 i frowned . 
 `` um , hi . 
 who am i speaking to ? '' 
 `` lexie , is that you ? 
 it 's amy . 
 is everything all right ? 
 how 's your dad ? '' 
 i let out a gasp , turning it into a cough before i could answer . 
 `` amy . 
 hi . '' 
 my brain whirled furiously , and i tried to keep calm . 
 `` he 's fine . 
 the doctors say he 's going to make a full recovery . 
 i just wanted to make sure you were okay after the explosion yesterday . '' 
 she laughed , though i thought i caught a hint of nervousness . 
 `` yeah , asher and i were working from my house , thank god . 
 good timing , huh ? '' 
 `` no kidding . 
 anyway , i should be going . 
 just wanted to check in . '' 
 there was a pause on the other end of the line . 
 `` lexie , how did you get my number ? '' 
 `` asher . 
 he was busy with his dad so he asked if i 'd call . '' 
 `` ah . 
 asher . '' 
 i could hear the smile in her voice . 
 `` well , guess i 'll talk to you later . '' 
 `` bye . '' 
 i hung up and dropped my phone like it was a piece of alien tech . 
 the weight of my discovery felt like a vise tightening around my chest until i could barely breathe . 
 what was amy 's connection with avery ? 
 and what was her number doing scrawled on a branston brochure ? 
 my head spun until it ached as mom drove us to the hospital . 
 she kept sneaking me glances , but i could n't speak . 
 i did n't even know what to say . 
 i could n't stand amy but for completely different reasons . 
 i 'd never thought she could actually be the branston traitor . 
 `` lexie ? 
 is everything all right ? '' 
 mom finally asked as we rode the elevator to dad 's room . 
 `` not really . '' 
 she squeezed my hand . 
 `` he 's going to be okay . 
 i promise . '' 
 i let out a shaky laugh . 
 of course i was worried about dad , but i had bigger things on my mind right now . 
 back in dad 's room , i paused in the doorway . 
 he looked like he 'd been on the receiving end of a bad beating . 
 he had a black eye , stitches across his cheek , and his hair stood on end . 
 mom crossed to his bed and kissed his good cheek . 
 `` you had us worried , william . '' 
 he smiled up at her , and my breath caught at the love in his eyes . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 i 'm glad you 're here , maria . '' 
 `` me too . '' 
 she smoothed his hair back and adjusted his blankets before sinking onto the bed beside him and holding his hand . 
 `` are you okay , lex ? '' 
 he asked . 
 propped against the pillows , he looked so thin and weak . 
 it hit me again like a punch in the gut , and i felt tears well up in my eyes . 
 i could have lost him . 
 i sniffed and looked away . 
 he did n't need to see me crying . 
 `` i 'm fine , dad . 
 i 'm just glad you 're okay . 
 do you remember what happened ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` most of it 's a blur . 
 the warnings started going off about halfway through the ramp-up , and it exploded before we could shut down the machine . 
 i have no idea why it failed . '' 
 i did , but now was n't exactly the best time to tell him . 
 i needed to get my head together and get more facts first . 
 `` whatever happened , i 'm just glad you 're all right . '' 
 i kissed him on the cheek , his stubble tickling my skin . 
 `` i 'm going to go grab some coffee from the cafeteria . 
 you guys want anything ? '' 
 mom nodded . 
 `` a bottle of water would be great . 
 i 'll get the nurse to bring dad 's breakfast . 
 do n't worry about him . '' 
 `` i 'll be back in a few . '' 
 i raised an eyebrow at dad . 
 `` do n't go anywhere . '' 
 he smiled at me , his eyes still shadowed with pain . 
 `` never , lex . '' 
 i grabbed a bagel and cream cheese in the cafeteria and sat in the corner to do some quick searches on my tablet . 
 my head swam with questions about amy and her family . 
 how long had they been here in oak ridge ? 
 where had they come from ? 
 i found amy 's parents easily ; both were well-respected nanophysicists who 'd gone to harvard and spent most of their careers working in private companies on the east coast . 
 three years ago , the same time danvers had taken over qt , they 'd both gotten jobs here and moved to tennessee . 
 i chewed my lip . 
 it did n't mean anything . 
 there were lots of reasons they could have come here . 
 maybe dr. danvers had recruited them . 
 maybe they 'd wanted to get out of the big city . 
 i did n't find anything on amy , which was a bit odd . 
 if i searched for zella , some of her research papers showed up . 
 max had comic con pictures and blog posts and some qt experiments that had made the rounds in a few scholarly journals . 
 but this careful absence almost seemed like amy had something to hide . 
 i stared off into space , my muscles tense and aching . 
 it could n't be true . 
 amy could n't be the plant on the inside . 
 could she ? 
 i tucked my tablet into my purse and went back upstairs . 
 the door to dad 's room was slightly closed , and the whispers from inside made me stop to listen . 
 mom sounded panicked , her voice trembling as she spoke . 
 `` how is this possible ? 
 how could branston get someone inside qt ? 
 i thought it was the safest place for lexie . 
 and for you . 
 the whole point of bringing her here was to keep her away from them . '' 
 `` the whole point of everything was to keep her safe . 
 and now i do n't know what else to do . '' 
 dad paused , and i knew he was running a hand through his hair . 
 `` there 's someone working for them on the inside . 
 someone who knows about the experiments and who wants to stop project infinity and destroy qt . 
 you have to take lexie and go . 
 it 's time for plan b. '' `` i left once before , and i 'm not doing it again . '' 
 mom 's voice was determined . 
 `` i 'm tired of living like this . 
 branston needs to be stopped . '' 
 `` they 're too big to be stopped . 
 too powerful . 
 they 're not going to miss again , maria . 
 they 'll go to any lengths to get lexie back . '' 
 24 my head swam , and i tried to steady myself against the doorjamb . 
 why did branston want me so badly ? 
 and if my parents thought i was going somewhere , they were sadly mistaken . 
 these people had threatened my family and tried to ruin project infinity . 
 there was no way in hell i was going to let them get away with it . 
 maybe my brains would finally come in handy for something . 
 i pushed open the door all the way . 
 `` how do we stop them then ? '' 
 mom and dad stared at me with identical looks of horror . 
 i would have laughed if i was n't so freaked out . 
 finally , dad shook his head . 
 `` we do n't do anything . 
 you and your mom are going to go off the grid again for a while . '' 
 `` it did n't take branston long to find me this time . 
 do you think that 's going to work again ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` this is bigger than me now , dad . '' 
 i quickly told him about the real reason asher and i had been in avery 's office and about the brochure with amy 's number on it . 
 i reminded him of grant 's threatening email . 
 dad frowned at me . 
 `` but i do n't understand . 
 why were you searching avery 's office in the first place ? '' 
 i studied the scuffed toes of my black ballet flats . 
 if i told him about avery 's calculations , i 'd be betraying asher , max , and zella . 
 but if i did n't , branston might strike again before we could stop them . 
 `` lexie ? '' 
 i did n't have a choice . 
 i had to tell him . 
 `` dad , avery 's equation is wrong , and someone altered the project simulations to hide it . '' 
 he blinked , his eyebrows furrowing . 
 `` that 's impossible . 
 dozens of people have checked that equation . 
 hundreds even . '' 
 `` i know , but it 's wrong . 
 and when you plug it into the simulation , it still runs like it 's correct . 
 someone wanted the machine to blow up . '' 
 `` no . 
 that 's not possible . 
 you 're wrong , lexie . 
 even with that brain of yours , you could n't be the only one to catch this . '' 
 mom and dad exchanged a look that made my skin crawl . 
 of course i was n't the only one to catch it . 
 if there were spies inside qt , they probably knew about it already , too , but the look that passed between them was even bigger than that . 
 `` what does that mean ? 
 what are n't you telling me ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 dad brought a bandaged hand up to rub his eyes . 
 `` there has to be another explanation . '' 
 `` for what ? 
 i 'm not wrong , dad . 
 i figured it out a few weeks ago on my own , and asher will back me up . '' 
 he groaned . 
 `` asher is involved , too ? 
 this just gets better and better . 
 that boy has always been trouble . '' 
 `` not as much trouble as you evidently , '' i snapped . 
 `` now , what 's going on ? '' 
 `` tell her , william . 
 you should have done it when we talked about the meds . '' 
 mom stared out the window and would n't look at either of us . 
 she only did that when she was hiding something . 
 my vision swam with black spots . 
 what had n't he told me ? 
 what else was there ? 
 dad 's voice was hollow when he spoke . 
 `` i told you the reason i left branston was because they were performing experiments on students , which is true . 
 unfortunately , i did n't leave soon enough to prevent you from becoming part of those experiments . '' 
 dad looked like he was about to be sick ; his face had gone pale and a sheen of sweat covered his forehead . 
 `` when your mom got pregnant with you , they convinced me to let them include you in their latest experiment on fetal intelligence . 
 i knew maria would never agree , so without her knowledge or consent , we injected her with a new type of genome while she was pregnant , masking it as a vaccine . 
 it mutated your dna into something ... more . 
 something that gave you super-intelligence . '' 
 okay , so i was smart . 
 i knew that already and had come to terms with it . 
 `` what 's the problem then ? '' 
 `` your mom found out about the experiments when you were three , about how we 'd changed you . 
 that was the beginning of the end . 
 i should never have experimented on my own child or on other children . 
 but i did n't know the whole truth - not until later - and that 's when i decided to escape . 
 to create the serum to hide your intelligence . 
 i was n't going to let them use you . '' 
 that 's why they were holding a spot for me at branston . 
 they were waiting for my smarts to kick in . 
 for me to want to join them . 
 `` you said there were other children who were injected with this same drug ? 
 who were they ? '' 
 i croaked . 
 dad could n't look at me . 
 `` you know . '' 
 oh god . 
 max and zella and asher . 
 `` what about amy green ? '' 
 `` yes , she was part of the experiment , too . '' 
 the room spun , and i dropped into a chair . 
 `` but what do they want with us ? 
 and what does it have to do with project infinity ? '' 
 dad 's voice was hollow . 
 `` branston wants power , and knowledge is power . 
 they 're building an army of scientists , and they think you 're their first soldier . '' 
 `` me ? '' 
 i frowned at him . 
 `` there 's nothing special about me . 
 i 'm not smarter than anyone here at qt . 
 i 'm barely keeping up . 
 and i 'm certainly not going to kill anyone . '' 
 `` lexie , your intelligence is n't in being book smart . 
 it 's in spotting connections , in bringing things together in new ways . 
 in seeing possibilities . 
 your mom told me you took one look at the patrol robots and spotted a flaw in his design a dozen of scientists could n't fix . 
 you discovered avery 's calculations were wrong when no one else saw it . 
 branston 's experiment did n't work on the other subjects the way it worked on you , and now they realize you could be the key to everything . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` but i do n't understand . 
 why are they trying to sabotage project infinity ? '' 
 `` because that 's what they do . 
 they steal the plans and sell them to the highest bidder . 
 money and power . 
 that 's the currency branston runs on . 
 they are infiltrating the highest levels of government around the world . 
 and when they have enough leverage , they 'll be able to influence every policy and decision made . 
 they want to destroy qt because , when it fails , there will be no one left to stop them . '' 
 mom shook her head . 
 `` lexie , you ca n't tell anyone about this . 
 you have to keep it secret , even from your friends . '' 
 `` how can i keep this from them ? 
 branston changed us . 
 they want to use us to take over the world . '' 
 i was n't going to lie to my friends the way my parents had lied to me . 
 i jumped to my feet feeling like i 'd explode if i did n't move . 
 `` i need to go . 
 i ca n't think about this right now . '' 
 `` lexie , please . '' 
 my mom put her hand out , squeezed my shoulder . 
 `` please know we only did what we could to keep you safe . 
 we 're still trying . '' 
 `` you ca n't keep me safe anymore . 
 no one can . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` i ca n't deal with this . 
 i need some time . '' 
 `` let her go , maria . 
 she 's smart enough to come to the same conclusions we did . '' 
 mom let her hand drop . 
 `` be careful , lexie . 
 do n't do anything stupid because you 're mad at us . '' 
 i glared at her and tried to think of a witty comeback , but there was nothing but an ache in my brain and an echo in my heart . 
 i spun away and darted from the room , blinking back the tears . 
 mom and i settled into a sort of routine over the next two days . 
 she made coffee and worked in dad 's home office . 
 i spread out on the kitchen table with my calculations , and we both tried to ignore each other . 
 worry about my friends , about the project , about branston gnawed at me every time she tried to talk to me about my feelings . 
 i 'd snap at her , and then both of us ended up mad . 
 it was just better to pretend everything was fine and stay out of each other 's way . 
 i threw myself into the calculations . 
 from breakfast to bedtime , i scribbled and typed and rearranged and tried to figure out what the heck an ultraviolet catastrophe had to do with a wormhole . 
 it just did n't make sense . 
 they were both theoretical . 
 neither of them existed . 
 but somehow , they were connected . 
 the ultraviolet catastrophe explained how radiation worked at different wavelengths and why it did n't just kill us all where we stood . 
 avery 's einstein-rosen bridge calculations talked about time travel and space-time and matter . 
 there was no connection i could see . 
 i read and reread them until the numbers ran together in weird ways . 
 in ways that made no sense . 
 in ways that almost made sense . 
 raking a hand through my hair , i let out a long breath . 
 i was never going to get this . 
 maybe there was n't a connection . 
 maybe all we had to go on was avery 's calculations and the wormhole simulations . 
 maybe i was wrong . 
 the chair squawked as i shoved it back to pace the dining room . 
 everything that had happened in the last few months spun around in my brain . 
 branston , the drugs , asher , dad , qt . 
 they were all linked . 
 in my mind , it looked like a spider web , with me at the center and the connections that had brought me here joining everything together . 
 this must have been what my parents were talking about - this ability to see connections . 
 so if there was one between avery 's calculations and the ultraviolet catastrophe , why could n't i find it ? 
 `` can i make you some dinner before i leave ? '' 
 my mom called from the kitchen . 
 `` i 'm going to the hospital to check on your dad . 
 the qt regents are in town to visit , and he wants some moral support . '' 
 they 'd spent more time together over the last few days than they had in the last ten years . 
 it should have made me happy , but i was too distracted to care . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 i 'll make a sandwich later . '' 
 i leaned against the doorway and watched her pour a glass of milk . 
 `` why are the regents here ? '' 
 `` according to will , they 're concerned about the status of the project . 
 they 're meeting with the directors tonight to talk about if they move forward or put it on hold . '' 
 i chewed my lip . 
 evidently , danvers ' plan to push forward was n't set in stone . 
 good , it might give us a little more time . 
 `` give him a hug for me . '' 
 `` i will . '' 
 her dark eyes searched mine . 
 `` are you all right , lexie ? 
 you seem preoccupied . '' 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 `` you know your father and i love you and want what 's best for you . 
 branston is out there . 
 we just want you to be safe . '' 
 `` i know you do . '' 
 i shoved my hands into my pockets and frowned . 
 `` i just need a few more days to figure out what this all means and how to deal with it . 
 branston performed genetic experiments on me , and now they want me to help them steal scientific secrets to take over the world . 
 i think you can see where i 'd need some time to figure it all out . '' 
 she joined me at the door and kissed my cheek . 
 `` i know , honey , and i 'm sorry . 
 you know where i am if you want to talk . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` thanks , mom . '' 
 a few minutes later , i heard the front door shut , and dad 's car revved to life . 
 i paced toward the window and watched her drive away . 
 the september wind rattled the windows , and a flurry of leaves whirled down the street . 
 maybe a change of scenery would help . 
 i was kind of craving a pumpkin spice latte from coco 's , and the fresh air might clear the cobwebs from my brain . 
 i turned away to grab my tablet when it suddenly all snapped together , like finding you 'd turned a puzzle piece the wrong way . 
 if qt was trying to build an einstein-rosen bridge , my calculations were definitely the ones they should be using , not avery 's . 
 but avery had n't been trying to create a wormhole . 
 his calculations were for a machine that could destroy the world . 
 25 i stared at my numbers . 
 at the final equation that joined these two things together . 
 the truth crashed around me , and i clutched the edge of the table . 
 avery had found a loophole , some way around the known laws of physics . 
 instead of the intensity of ultraviolet radiation dropping off like it should , he 'd found a way to make a true ultraviolet catastrophe . 
 his machine would increase the energy and wavelength of photons and create an explosion that would rip a hole in the center of the earth . 
 the letters and numbers swam on my tablet and i sat down hard . 
 someone had built a mini-catastrophe in the basement of qt . 
 someone was using amy to spy on us . 
 someone had killed avery . 
 the whole situation made my head spin , and i squeezed my eyes shut . 
 there were too many connections , too many ties in every direction . 
 i needed someone to bounce ideas off of . 
 as much as i hated to admit it , i needed max and zella and asher . 
 they agreed to meet me the next morning in the qt library . 
 the building still smelled faintly of smoke and chemicals as i pushed through the front doors . 
 i groaned at the line snaking through the security checkpoint . 
 protocols were even tougher than before , so it took me an extra fifteen minutes just to get through . 
 i sprinted through the building , panting by the time i made it to the library . 
 max , zella , and asher were already there , clustered around a table . 
 they fell silent as i approached . 
 the kind of silence that meant they 'd been talking about me . 
 the weight of their gazes felt like a heavy cloak , and i ducked my head under the pressure as i slid into the chair next to max . 
 i forced my chin up . 
 i was n't going to cower any more . 
 zella smiled at me before glancing away . 
 across the table , asher had his head buried in his tablet , but i bit back a smile at the t-shirt he wore : `` my other car is on mars , '' with a picture of the mars rover . 
 i clutched my tablet in my hands . 
 `` thanks for coming , you guys . '' 
 i had n't been sure they actually would . 
 `` what 's going on , lexie ? 
 did you find something ? '' 
 max asked . 
 i dropped my gaze to the scarred table . 
 i did n't want to see their expressions as the words tumbled out in a rush . 
 `` while we were searching avery 's office , i found a brochure for the branston academy tucked into avery 's files . 
 there was a phone number scribbled on the top of it . 
 i called the number to see if it would help us figure out who killed avery and why . '' 
 my throat went dry , and i swallowed so i could get the words out . 
 `` amy answered . '' 
 across the table , max 's jaw dropped . 
 zella shook her head . 
 `` that does n't mean anything . 
 maybe she was working on homework or something with avery and that was the first thing he grabbed to jot down her phone number on . '' 
 trust zella to be practical . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` yeah , it could be as simple as that . 
 but what if it 's not ? 
 what if she 's been working with branston ? '' 
 asher laughed and relaxed , lounging back in his chair . 
 `` i know you and amy are n't exactly best friends , but there 's no way she could sabotage us . 
 we would have seen something odd or suspicious . '' 
 `` if she 's the traitor , do n't you think she 's good enough to fool everyone ? 
 even you ? 
 and who better to hook up with than the son of a qt director ? '' 
 he turned to face me , his voice suddenly cold . 
 `` are you suggesting she 's been using me ? '' 
 `` i do n't know what she 's been doing - only that it 's suspicious we found her number on a branston brochure in a dead man 's office . 
 and with what i discovered last night , it all fits . '' 
 asher raised an eyebrow . 
 `` and what did you discover ? '' 
 i searched my tablet until i found what i was looking for . 
 `` the truth . 
 the machine they created is n't to build a wormhole . 
 it 's creating photons where there should n't be any . 
 it 's taking the ultraviolet catastrophe and making it happen . '' 
 my voice broke on the last word . 
 three pairs of eyes widened , and asher snatched up the tablet . 
 `` that 's not possible . 
 you ca n't change the wavelength or intensity of radiation to create new photons . 
 that was the whole point of the ultraviolet catastrophe hypothesis in the first place . '' 
 `` evidently , with avery 's machine you can . 
 the simulation we created was n't wrong . 
 it was supposed to explode , '' i said . 
 asher pushed the tablet toward max . 
 his eyes found mine , his eyebrows drawn . 
 `` i 've been tracking some of the network scans , and i found out why we got wiped . 
 someone installed a program to search for lexie 's equation and delete it . 
 someone did n't want the truth found . '' 
 zella shook her head . 
 `` son of a bitch . '' 
 she slammed her hand down on the table . 
 `` the ass ** le was laughing at us this whole time . 
 why else would he have assigned us that project ? '' 
 she pushed her hair out of her eyes . 
 `` but why would avery want to create an ultraviolet catastrophe ? 
 it could destroy the world . '' 
 asher 's face was grim . 
 `` oh my god , it all makes sense now . 
 i had a hit on one of the traces on the wipe . 
 it led me to an off-site machine in oak ridge . '' 
 he raised tortured eyes to look at us . 
 `` it was amy 's ip address . '' 
 zella let out a gasp . 
 `` no . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` she could be the one who installed the security scan . 
 she knew lexie was working on the calculations and knew right where we 'd be in the network . 
 it was only a matter of time before she found our data . 
 oh my god , she was covering for avery . '' 
 asher clenched his hands together in front of him until his knuckles whitened . 
 `` it gets worse , '' he said , his voice hollow . 
 `` how much worse ? '' 
 zella asked . 
 when he looked up at us , his expression made my breakfast churn in my stomach . 
 `` the data from the scan was sent to another computer . 
 to dr. danvers ' computer . '' 
 i stared at him , lips parted . 
 another link slipped into the web of connections in my head , but it still did n't make any sense . 
 `` she 's known about all of this from the start ? 
 why would she let the experiment continue , knowing it could destroy everything ? '' 
 our gazes met , and asher said , `` branston . '' 
 `` she said she used to work with my dad there . '' 
 i chewed on a hangnail . 
 `` what if she never stopped ? 
 she could have been feeding them information the whole time . 
 what if she and amy and avery are working to destroy qt ? '' 
 oh my god . 
 it all made sense . 
 she was the spy on the inside . 
 who better to sabotage a facility without getting caught than its director ? 
 `` but where does amy fit in with all this ? '' 
 zella asked . 
 `` that 's what we need to find out . '' 
 asher 's clenched jaw looked like it was carved from marble . 
 `` and we need to do it fast . 
 danvers sent out a memo this morning . 
 she 's pushing for another project infinity test . 
 they 're rebuilding the machine and increasing security . 
 we ca n't let them try again . 
 if they get this machine to work , they could unleash an explosion a thousand times more devastating than the atomic bomb . 
 it 'll make the manhattan project look like preschool . '' 
 max hissed . 
 `` son of a bitch . 
 lexie 's right . 
 look . '' 
 he turned the laptop around , and i recognized the simulation they 'd built earlier . 
 but this time it was different . 
 he 'd tweaked the machine a little based on my calcs and inputted my equation . 
 the explosion we 'd seen happened again . 
 only this time , we knew what it was . 
 `` that 's a bomb . 
 oh my god . '' 
 zella pressed her fingers to her lips . 
 `` what do we do now ? 
 we need to tell someone . '' 
 `` who ? '' 
 asher demanded . 
 `` danvers is the top of the food chain . 
 even if we could get a hold of her boss , they 'd never believe us . 
 they 'd never stop her in time . '' 
 `` what about the trustees ? 
 can we contact them ? 
 go around danvers ? 
 mom said they 're here this week to check in about the project , '' i said . 
 asher nodded . 
 `` lexie , you 're brilliant . 
 my dad is meeting with them this afternoon . 
 i 'll crash the party and tell them what 's going on . '' 
 `` i hate to squash your excitement , '' max said , still staring at the repeating explosion on his simulation . 
 `` but what do we do if they do n't believe us ? 
 or , even worse , what if branston already has all the data they need to build it themselves ? 
 i mean if danvers is working for them ... '' `` then they 'll just rebuild the machine , even if the regents stop it here at qt . '' 
 my voice shook . 
 my dad had been right , and we were n't any closer to stopping the true threat . 
 using the machine as blackmail , no government would be immune to branston 's plans to place their own people at the highest levels . 
 zella inched closer to max , and he held her hand . 
 it would have been really sweet if i had n't been so damn terrified . 
 it felt sluggish and frozen , but i forced my brain to work . 
 `` we need a way to make them believe what they have is wrong . 
 maybe we can trick amy into sending them the wrong info . 
 maybe we can use her like she used us . '' 
 asher got an excited gleam in his eye . 
 `` lexie 's right . 
 if amy 's been spying on us for information , let 's give her what she wants . '' 
 `` what do you have in mind ? '' 
 zella asked . 
 `` we tell her about what we 've discovered and give her the new calculations . 
 we know she 's going to send them to danvers , so we alter them enough that they look real and include some extra code that 'll let us access danvers ' computer . 
 then we use it to get into branston 's system and delete all the files . '' 
 zella nodded . 
 `` that might work . 
 but what about avery 's catastrophe machine ? 
 it already exploded once , and they just rebuilt it . 
 how are we going to take that offline ? '' 
 max studied the image of avery 's machine in his simulation . 
 `` i do n't see why we ca n't just take out the photon core charger . 
 that should disable the machine . 
 then all we 'd need to do is plant some charges and blow it up . 
 once asher 's deleted the plans , they wo n't know where to start building again . '' 
 he tapped a finger on the table . 
 `` the problem is going to be getting past security if the regents do n't believe us . 
 they 've locked it down so tight no one can get to division seven now but the top scientists . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` whatever we decide , we have to do it off-hours . 
 i need danvers ' computer . '' 
 `` then we go friday night if danvers is planning another test , '' i said . 
 `` does that give us enough time to develop the fake simulation and calculations for amy ? '' 
 asher 's voice went hard . 
 `` it 'll be enough time . 
 she should jump at the chance to have us all over to hang out thursday night since i 've been ignoring her since saturday . 
 that 'll give me two days to come up with something . 
 you up for this , max ? '' 
 `` for sure . 
 actually , if you have time right now , i could use your help mocking up some of this . '' 
 `` cool . '' 
 asher scuffed his shoe on the library carpet before looking over at me . 
 `` i 'm sorry i did n't believe you , lexie . 
 i just could n't imagine amy was using me . 
 even when all the signs were there . '' 
 his lips twisted into that cocky smile . 
 `` so much for being resident genius . 
 i 'd make some joke about being blinded by science , but yeah , i think i 'll skip it for now . '' 
 `` thank god for small favors , '' i said , rolling my eyes . 
 but inside , a warm glow had started , and we grinned at each other stupidly . 
 max smirked at us . 
 `` we should get going , asher . 
 especially if you have to track down the trustees later . '' 
 `` right . 
 duty calls . 
 guess i need to win my title back . '' 
 he winked at me , and the two boys walked away , leaving me there with zella . 
 i hoped i was n't staring after asher the way she was at max . 
 i played with the hem of my shirt , snuck a glance at her from the corner of my eye . 
 `` so ... you and max ? '' 
 a blush tinged her cheeks , but she nodded . 
 `` i 've had a crush on him since i was eight . '' 
 `` why have n't you told him ? '' 
 zella shrugged . 
 `` what if he does n't feel the same way ? 
 i do n't want to ruin our friendship , and it 's not exactly like i can escape him while we 're both here . 
 i do n't want to deal with the awkwardness . '' 
 `` but you do n't know that . 
 max could like you and be just as scared to say something . 
 sometimes you have to take chances . '' 
 `` like you ? '' 
 zella raised an eyebrow at me . 
 `` i do n't see you letting your guard down around asher . '' 
 i laughed dismissively before turning away to rummage in my bag , my lungs suddenly tight . 
 zella shook her head , frowning . 
 `` are n't we a pair ? 
 we 're both cowards . '' 
 `` maybe we should do something about it ? '' 
 `` like what ? 
 profess my undying love ? '' 
 zella scoffed and shook her head . 
 `` uh-uh . 
 not going to happen . '' 
 `` what about a movie ? 
 or coffee ? '' 
 `` max and i do that every weekend . 
 honestly , we 're practically dating now . 
 without the additional benefits . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` it does n't matter . 
 we have bigger things to worry about . 
 any ideas on how we can sneak into qt friday night ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 i 'd let it go for now , but there had to be some way to get them to realize what they had before they turned eighty . 
 `` how about you ? '' 
 `` it 's going to have to be a good reason . 
 security is tight already , and if the four of us show up in the middle of the night , that 's going to set some alarms off . '' 
 zella and i stared off into the distance , trying to think . 
 i watched joan re-shelving some of the research books , her movements jerky and strained . 
 `` they should really get someone to reengineer poor joan . 
 she 'd be much more efficient with a few tweaks . '' 
 all they needed to do was move those bolts down a few inches and use some different gauges for the joints . 
 i could sketch it out for them in my sleep . 
 zella dropped her pen . 
 `` lexie , that 's it . '' 
 i blinked at her . 
 `` what is ? '' 
 `` my parents work in the robotics labs and have been complaining about most of their staff being reassigned to project infinity . 
 they 're always looking for help with check-ins and chassis tweaks . 
 they have three to do this week alone . 
 i 'll offer our help after-hours , and that 'll give us a legit reason to be here . 
 besides , the robotics labs are in division five . 
 just a few floors from where we need to go . '' 
 `` that could work . '' 
 i jumped to my feet . 
 `` let 's go get us some extra homework ! '' 
 26 asher called me later that night , but i 'd already heard the bad news from my dad . 
 `` the regents would n't even see me , '' asher said . 
 his voice in my ear was unexpectedly intimate , and i could n't stop myself from remembering the way those lips had felt against mine the night of the gala . 
 i shivered as goosebumps erupted on my skin . 
 focus , kepler . 
 `` i ca n't believe they met in my dad 's hospital room . '' 
 `` i ca n't believe my own father would n't listen to me . '' 
 he growled , and i could tell he was pacing . 
 `` he would n't even let me in the room . 
 though i suppose , since danvers was there , it would n't have done much good . 
 what do we do now ? '' 
 i bit back a grin . 
 `` are you asking my opinion for a change ? 
 well , i think we move ahead with our plan . 
 we still have to trick amy into leaking our data to danvers so we can destroy branston . '' 
 `` you sound excited about that prospect . '' 
 there was a smile in his voice . 
 `` i am . 
 i hate what they 've done to qt and to you guys . '' 
 `` i just hate i was stupid enough to fall for amy 's act . 
 i should have caught it . '' 
 i fought to keep my voice cool . 
 `` even the smartest guys can get distracted by a pretty girl . '' 
 `` yeah , but it takes more than just pretty to interest me . 
 i like girls who are smart and funny and real . 
 amy is fake . 
 in every way . '' 
 he let out a noisy sigh . 
 `` thing is , even though i did n't like her , i was still flattered she liked me . 
 i ca n't believe i was so stupid . 
 if branston takes over qt because of me ... '' `` you could n't have known she was part of this . 
 it 's not your fault . 
 and we 're going to stop her . 
 do n't even talk like that . '' 
 he laughed softly in my ear . 
 `` fine . 
 but you know the only way i 'm really going to feel better about all this ? '' 
 `` stopping danvers and amy and branston ? '' 
 `` finally going on our date . 
 it feels like the universe is conspiring to keep us apart . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 the breath froze in my lungs , and the silence between us crackled for a long , delicious moment . 
 i could n't stop my stupid grin . 
 `` well , at least by the time we get around to it , it 's going to be one epic date . '' 
 zella texted amy on thursday and asked if we could have a study session at her house that afternoon . 
 amy 's text back was mostly exclamation points and smiley faces . 
 we were in . 
 asher 's black bmw pulled up at my house a little before two . 
 i locked the door behind me and shivered as a gust of november wind blew through the bare trees . 
 i pulled my heavy coat tighter around me and inhaled the damp , cold air . 
 it would be winter soon . 
 my first winter in tennessee , and if we did n't stop branston , it might be my last . 
 i slid into the front seat and smiled over my shoulder at max and zella in the back . 
 `` asher 's playing chauffeur , huh ? '' 
 `` we needed to spread out and review some of asher 's plans . '' 
 zella smirked , and i knew that was n't all she wanted to do back there . 
 `` we ready for this ? '' 
 asher asked as he put the car in drive , and we sped toward amy 's . 
 i was glad my fingerless gloves hid my clammy palms . 
 `` what 's the plan ? '' 
 `` we 're just going to keep it simple . 
 we 'll tell amy that you found proof the simulation and equations are wrong . 
 max and i will use amy 's laptop to ` redesign ' our simulation so it works now , based on what you discovered . 
 that 'll load the wrong data on her computer , along with the tracking code , but she 'll think it 's the right stuff . 
 `` where do i come in ? '' 
 zella asked from the back seat . 
 asher tapped his finger on the steering wheel . 
 `` you 're our ringer , z . 
 we 're going to argue about whether or not we share this new info with danvers , and you need to keep us from making an actual decision . 
 then , when we conveniently leave our usb drive behind in amy 's computer , it wo n't seem so suspicious . '' 
 `` what 's that going to do ? '' 
 i asked . 
 asher gave us a cheshire cat grin . 
 `` i 've installed a code inside the simulation to track who opens it and create an exploit that will allow us to access any computer it 's sent to . 
 as soon as we have confirmation she 's given it to branston , we 'll use danvers ' computer to hack into their network and delete all the old files . 
 they 'll be left with the fakes and no record of anything else . 
 they ca n't trace it back to us , and they ca n't verify if there were other files . 
 it 'll be like harry potter waved his magic wand . '' 
 zella nodded . 
 `` my parents are on board with us helping at the lab tomorrow night . 
 they wo n't be there , conveniently . 
 danvers has called a meeting with all of the senior personnel at eight o'clock . 
 we should plan on making our move then . '' 
 `` we 'll only have about an hour , so we should split up . 
 max and zella can break down the wormhole machine and set the explosion before anyone gets back to the lab . 
 lexie and i will break into danvers ' office and hack into branston . '' 
 max 's eyebrows pulled together , and he frowned . 
 `` it seems a little too convenient . '' 
 asher shrugged . 
 `` danvers probably wants to make sure they 're still on target so she 's got her death ray by christmas . 
 she 's losing a whole testing window next week when the conference starts . '' 
 the car slowed as we pulled up in front of amy 's house . 
 i stared at the light spilling from the huge bay window and pushed away the pang of worry that shot through me . 
 amy deserved everything about to happen to her . 
 this was going to work . 
 she had the front door open before we were even out of the car and skipped down the walk to greet us . 
 she pressed a kiss to asher 's cheek before wrapping an arm around his waist . 
 `` i have n't seen you forever , ash . 
 i 've missed you . '' 
 he untangled himself from her and stepped away . 
 `` hey , amy . 
 been busy with the project . 
 sorry . '' 
 she pouted for a moment , then remembered the rest of us standing awkwardly on the sidewalk . 
 `` so glad you guys wanted to hang out . 
 i was getting lonely over here . 
 mom and dad wo n't let me go back until danvers figures out what happened . '' 
 i gritted my teeth and forced myself to keep my face expressionless . 
 `` thanks for having us over . 
 we have so much to talk about . '' 
 `` yeah , that 's what z said . 
 come on in . 
 my mom made us snacks . 
 and then we can get to work . '' 
 amy 's house was new and shiny and fake , just like she was . 
 her mom , a brainy-looking blonde with long hair and glasses , waved at us from her office as we tramped through to the kitchen . 
 a huge tray of veggies and dip sat on the counter , along with another tray full of cookies . 
 max groaned and immediately started loading up a plate . 
 zella raised her eyebrows . 
 he threw up his hands . 
 `` what ? 
 lunch was hours ago . 
 i 'm starving . '' 
 `` help yourself , guys . 
 i set up our stuff in the basement , so we can head down there when you 're ready . '' 
 amy leaned closer to asher , lowering her voice . 
 `` but you already know all about the basement , do n't you ? '' 
 asher moved around to the other side of the island like he had n't heard . 
 a faint tinge of pink colored his cheeks . 
 jealousy twisted my gut , and i clutched the edge of the counter until my fingers turned white . 
 `` want a plate , lex ? '' 
 max asked , gesturing to the veggies . 
 i nodded as he loaded up piles of broccoli and mini carrots , and then we followed the rest of the group down the stairs into another immaculate space . 
 this one had a huge l-shaped couch ; a tv that filled the entire wall ; and , at the back of the room , a full lab set up with sink , burners , computer , and projector . 
 a qt station smack-dab in the green 's house . 
 `` pull up a chair . '' 
 amy slid onto a stool and waited for the rest of us to follow . 
 she brushed her hair back off her shoulders and turned to asher with her fake smile again . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 asher had moved his stool close to mine , and he nodded in my direction . 
 `` it 's your discovery , lex . 
 tell her . '' 
 i grimaced at him . 
 he so owed me for this . 
 `` after the explosion last week , i knew i 'd been right with my original calculations . 
 then i did some more poking and discovered they 've been using the wrong information all along . '' 
 max nodded . 
 `` it does n't seem possible , but we rebuilt the simulation and lexie 's right . '' 
 amy narrowed her eyes . 
 `` i do n't get it . 
 how can the top scientists in the world miss something like that ? 
 and how is it someone like lexie did n't ? '' 
 i clenched my fists at the sneer in her voice . 
 i think i might have punched her if asher had n't put a hand on my arm . 
 `` if by that you mean someone who just started at qt , i think we 're lucky lexie came along when she did . 
 obviously , she has a different perspective on things . 
 maybe that 's exactly what qt needs . '' 
 she shrugged , her lips pulled into a pouty frown . 
 `` i do n't care if she 's related to einstein himself . 
 there 's no way that equation is wrong and she 's the only one who found it . '' 
 amy turned on the computer sitting beside her . 
 `` i want to see this . '' 
 asher pulled the usb drive from his pocket and moved over to the computer . 
 `` just give me a sec to get everything set up . '' 
 he bent over the keyboard . 
 for the first time since we 'd entered the house , amy turned her full attention to us . 
 along with her fake smile . 
 `` what have you guys been up to ? 
 i have n't heard from any of you since before the explosion . '' 
 the words burst out of me , sarcastic and full of anger . 
 `` some of us have been a little busy . 
 you know , since my dad 's in the hospital after almost being killed . '' 
 amy 's eyes widened . 
 `` how is your dad ? 
 is he home ? '' 
 `` he 's coming home this weekend . '' 
 `` oh , that 's good . '' 
 she glanced at asher . 
 `` and where have you been , ash ? '' 
 `` busy . 
 project lead and all that . 
 you know danvers wo n't let a little thing like an explosion stop this project . '' 
 he did n't even bother to look up from the keyboard . 
 `` that 's why she gets paid the big bucks . 
 i would n't want her job for all the grant money in the world . '' 
 amy slid from her stool and draped her arms around asher 's shoulders so she could peer at the computer screen . 
 `` are n't you done yet ? 
 i 'm so curious . '' 
 he shrugged her off . 
 `` i 'm working on it . 
 just give me a few more seconds . 
 you 're going to be amazed at how the machine works using lexie 's calculations . 
 she 's a genius . '' 
 our eyes met across the lab table . 
 the room fell away until there was just the two of us for a moment . 
 then amy tugged at asher 's arm . 
 `` it 's done . 
 let me see . '' 
 max and zella moved around the table so they were grouped at the computer , too . 
 but i stayed where i was . 
 i was more interested in amy 's reaction . 
 asher clicked play , and the humming of the computer filled the room as everyone watched in silence . 
 i let my gaze drift innocently over the group . 
 amy 's face was expressionless for most of the playback until we got to the end . 
 a small , secret smile played on her lips . 
 she looked like she 'd just won something . 
 and that 's when i knew for sure . 
 anger spiked through me , white-hot and blazing . 
 she was working for branston . 
 amy shook her head . 
 `` amazing . 
 i ca n't believe they did n't catch this . 
 that 's got to be why the machine exploded when dr. kepler activated it . 
 we need to tell dr. danvers before anyone else gets hurt . '' 
 i clutched my hands together in my lap to stop them from trembling . 
 every word she uttered put another nail in her coffin . 
 she wanted to run straight to danvers with this new information . 
 what more proof did we need ? 
 zella shook her head . 
 `` she 's not going to believe us , even with this simulation . 
 i 'm sure one of the other scientists will figure it out soon . '' 
 `` but they have n't so far . 
 what if someone dies ? 
 it would be our fault . 
 she needs to know . 
 right , ash ? '' 
 amy 's eyes were pleading . 
 `` i 'm not sure what to do . 
 maybe they have a plan . 
 maybe they know something we do n't . 
 maybe there 's a missing piece . '' 
 asher got to his feet and paced the room . 
 `` i 'm the student liaison . 
 it 's my responsibility to make sure the other students working on this are safe . 
 i just do n't know . '' 
 zella shrugged . 
 `` i do n't think another few days will hurt . 
 they wo n't be testing until after the conference next week . 
 we need to be careful here . 
 this could destroy our careers if we 're wrong . '' 
 amy pouted for a minute and then shrugged . 
 `` i guess we can talk about it later . 
 maybe we 'll come up with a better idea . 
 though i still think we 've gotten too deep into this . 
 we need to involve danvers now . 
 she 's the only one who 'll know what to do . '' 
 she moved over to a bookshelf filled with dvds . 
 `` you guys want to watch a movie ? 
 i 've missed us just hanging out . '' 
 blood roared in my ears . 
 how could she look so innocent and friendly when she was the one responsible for my dad being in the hospital , for branston trying to destroy qt ? 
 and she was using her false concern to betray us all . 
 i jumped off my stool . 
 `` actually , i need to get going . '' 
 my whole body trembled , and i was going to explode if i had to be in the same room with her for one more minute . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` but the rest of you guys are staying , right ? '' 
 asher shook his head . 
 `` lexie and i are going to do some studying . 
 i 've got to go , too . '' 
 amy wrapped her arms around his waist and rested her head on his shoulder . 
 `` but , asher , we have n't spent any time together in days . '' 
 her voice had that pouty cadence guys seemed to love but that sounded like nails on a chalkboard to me . 
 i gritted my teeth and stomped toward the stairs . 
 asher pulled away . 
 `` enough , amy . 
 i 've already told you we 're over . '' 
 she blinked her long eyelashes at him . 
 `` and i told you i could convince you otherwise . '' 
 everything inside me finally snapped . 
 i was tired of her games . 
 tired of her hanging all over asher . 
 tired of playing nice with someone who wanted nothing more than to destroy my family and friends . 
 in three steps , i was across the room and in her face . 
 `` you know what , amy ? 
 asher is n't interested . 
 i 'm not sure why it 's taking so long to get that through your fat skull . 
 you do n't look stupid . '' 
 she dropped her arm , eyes narrowed . 
 `` asher and i. . . '' 
 `` do n't exist . '' 
 i grabbed the front of asher 's shirt and jerked him toward me , pressing my lips against his . 
 the touch of his skin to mine set my blood pounding in my ears . 
 crushed against asher 's chest , the heat from his body soaked through my shirt and set me on fire . 
 his lips feathered over mine , and he deepened the kiss until i was floating . 
 my palms pressed against his skin , feeling our hearts beat in unison , his muscles hard beneath my fingers . 
 an ache built deep inside me , and i never wanted this kiss to be over . 
 when we finally pulled apart , i was n't the only one breathing hard . 
 a hungry smile played across his lips , and he raised an eyebrow at me . 
 i had to look away , or i would have combusted . 
 i caught zella 's amused expression before she tried to hide it behind her hand . 
 max 's eyes were wide and stunned . 
 amy glared at us with narrowed eyes , her hands on her hips . 
 `` are you two done with your little performance ? '' 
 asher draped an arm around me and pulled me tight into his side . 
 for once , he 'd earned that arrogant smile . 
 `` for now . 
 but we can give you a replay if you need one . '' 
 amy blinked and her voice went back to that cajoling tone . 
 `` asher , we were together . 
 i thought we had something . '' 
 `` i 've been telling you since september we were just friends , amy . 
 that 's it . '' 
 asher shook his head . 
 `` come on , you guys , i have to get lexie home . '' 
 amy put her hand on asher 's arm . 
 `` wait ... please ... '' her eyes darted around the room , resting on each of us . 
 she looked panicked . 
 `` i need to tell you ... '' but asher pushed her aside . 
 `` we have to go , amy . '' 
 `` but the project . 
 do you have any idea what 's at stake here ? '' 
 `` i think we might . '' 
 his voice was icy and i would have felt sorry for amy if i did n't know she 'd betrayed all of us . 
 `` then stay . 
 help me figure this out , '' she pleaded . 
 amy moved to touch asher 's sleeve and he stepped out of her reach . 
 `` we 'll see you later , amy . '' 
 asher grabbed my hand and led me upstairs . 
 i panted as we sprinted through the house , and i could n't tell if it was because of the kiss or amy 's outburst . 
 she 'd looked crazed , and i almost felt bad for the girl . 
 i still had no idea why she was helping branston , but it had obviously unhinged her . 
 we burst out the front door , and i sucked in a deep breath of cool , fresh air , asher 's hand still gripping mine . 
 `` that was unexpected , '' max said as we walked toward the car . 
 he shook his head , his brows furrowed as he opened the back passenger door . 
 zella shook her head and pushed him into the car . 
 `` you really are the blindest guy i 've ever met , max . '' 
 27 friday night at quantum technologies . 
 the building was dim and quiet ; only the faint whirr of the heater kicking on broke the silence . 
 shadows lurked in every corner , and it kind of felt like a horror movie as we stood in the creepy lobby . 
 just the four of us . 
 i glanced behind me through the door and out into the dark night . 
 we could still turn around , walk away from this . 
 i could tell my mom to run , and we 'd be safe from branston . 
 for a while . 
 but then asher smiled at me and squeezed my hand . 
 max and zella were whispering about something , heads together . 
 my heart swelled . 
 i cared about these people , about qt , and about this town . 
 i 'd built a life here , and i was going to do whatever it took to keep it safe . 
 sam sat behind the desk , arms crossed . 
 `` you guys do n't have something better to do tonight than hang out here ? '' 
 `` we 're working on some extra credit for my parents , '' zella said , pressing her hand to the scanner . 
 it beeped , and the metal scanner whirled as she stepped through it . 
 the rest of us did the same . 
 `` be careful . 
 the security protocols have been increased . 
 one step in the wrong direction , and it 'll zap you . '' 
 `` zap ? '' 
 my voice cracked . 
 `` yeah , zap . '' 
 sam waved his fingers at us . 
 `` freeze you in place , charge you with a bolt of electricity . 
 this old security system has a few tricks up her sleeve . '' 
 asher slung an arm around my shoulders and pulled me close . 
 i could n't stop my eyes from drifting closed and letting his warmth drift over me . 
 `` do n't worry - i 'll protect you . '' 
 i straightened and flashed him a grin . 
 `` i can protect myself , thank you very much . 
 besides , you know i only like you for your brain . '' 
 he stuck out his tongue at me , and the four of us made our way down to the robotics labs in division five . 
 the hall lights flickered on as we approached , and zella typed in the password on the keypad . 
 the lab doors slid open , a breath of metallic-smelling air wafting out to greet us . 
 zella 's mom looked up from one of the tables and smiled at us as we entered . 
 inside , the lab was kind of creepy , with various half-built robots and bodies scattered throughout . 
 arms and legs were scattered on the tables , wires hanging limply from their stumps . 
 some of the parts looked human ; others were just robotic shells of metal and cable . 
 `` hey , mom . '' 
 zella dropped her backpack on one of the tables and kissed her mom 's cheek . 
 `` thanks for helping out tonight , guys . '' 
 zella 's mom finished tightening a screw on one of the robots standing along the wall . 
 max nodded , scanning the room . 
 `` no problem , dr. wheeler . 
 we 're just glad to help . '' 
 his expression turned to longing as he gazed at the table full of internal electronic systems . 
 i stared at the bio-skin draped over metal frames on the wall . 
 it looked so lifelike . 
 `` you ready , helen ? '' 
 zella 's dad came out of the office at the far end of the room , wiping his hands on his lab coat . 
 `` ca n't be late for danvers ' big meeting . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` i do n't know why she scheduled it after-hours . 
 it 's bad enough she cuts into our workdays ; now it 's on a friday night ? 
 i just hope it 's important . 
 the last meeting we had was about reporting our project time . 
 that 's what we have administrative assistants for . '' 
 `` we 'll be fine down here - do n't worry about us . '' 
 zella waved at her parents as they left the lab . 
 the door slid closed behind them , leaving the four of us staring at each other . 
 none of us wanted to be the one to make the first move . 
 finally , zella squared her shoulders . 
 `` we ready to do this ? '' 
 asher nodded and pulled his phone out of his pocket . 
 `` let 's set our timers . 
 max , you have the stuff ? '' 
 max nodded and held up his messenger bag . 
 `` tools to remove the photon core . 
 titanium alloy explosive device and timer to destroy the machine . 
 i think we 're all set . 
 you ? '' 
 asher cracked his knuckles . 
 `` usb in my pocket with the hack , my magic fingers , and lexie as my wingman ? 
 what could go wrong ? '' 
 i flashed him a sour look . 
 `` i 'm glad you guys are excited about this . '' 
 i wiped my palms on my jeans . 
 they just would n't stop sweating . 
 if we got caught , it was over for all of us and maybe even our families . 
 not even asher 's cute dimple could calm the panic thundering through me right now . 
 `` let 's do this . '' 
 asher held his hand out , and the rest of us piled on top . 
 i bit my lip before suggesting , `` go team ? '' 
 max stuck his tongue out at me . 
 `` how about , ` good luck ' ? '' 
 his words sucked all the oxygen from the room . 
 we were all quiet for a long moment as the reality sank in . 
 we were actually going to do this . 
 i swallowed - hard - and tried to push the fear away . 
 we would n't get anything done if we freaked out about it now . 
 `` see you guys soon . '' 
 asher and i left the lab , using the elevator to get back to the second floor office level . 
 he shoved his hands into his pockets and stared at the elevator doors . 
 `` amy texted me last night . 
 tried to apologize . '' 
 i studied the captain science logo on his cheesy science t-shirt , almost afraid to meet his eyes . 
 `` oh ? '' 
 `` i deleted it . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 i risked a glance at his face . 
 `` so i 've been wondering . 
 what exactly did she mean the other day when she brought your mom up at coco 's ? '' 
 he looked away . 
 `` mom wants to come back to work at qt . 
 she threatened if anything went wrong with the project , she 'd apply to head it up herself . 
 i ca n't have her back here , lexie . 
 if she left us again ... '' i took his hand , squeezed it . 
 `` that 's why you were so adamant things go well ? 
 that we not tell danvers ? 
 so your mom would n't have a reason to come home ? '' 
 asher nodded . 
 `` i know i ca n't stop her , but amy threatened to tell everyone what was going on if i did n't help her with her work . '' 
 he rocked back on his heels . 
 `` stupid thing is , i would have done it because we were friends up until that point . '' 
 `` it does n't matter now . 
 we need to focus on danvers and branston . 
 we 'll take care of your mom later . 
 together . '' 
 he smiled , and i felt a familiar surge of heat flow through me . 
 i forced myself to ignore it as the elevator stopped and the doors slid open . 
 asher and i exchanged worried looks before stepping out into the deserted hallway . 
 `` we 'll be fine , '' asher whispered as he took my hand . 
 the warmth of his skin soaked into me , steadying my heartbeat . 
 i nodded and forced a weak smile . 
 `` if you say so . '' 
 we crept toward danvers ' office at the end of the hall . 
 my whole body was on edge , waiting for the slightest sound of detection , my eyes scanning the shadows as we walked . 
 asher crouched before danvers ' door to inspect the keypad and lock . 
 my stomach sank at the flashing lights and the impossible technology standing between us and her computer inside . 
 `` we 're never going to get in there . 
 it 's impossible . '' 
 asher 's grin was wicked . 
 `` you should know me better than that by now . '' 
 he pulled his smartphone from his pocket and slid an attachment into the jack . 
 a cord stretched from the phone and ended with a flat piece of square metal the size of a credit card . 
 he slid it into the card lock on danvers ' door . 
 `` it 'll take a few seconds while the program runs . '' 
 he tapped some controls on the app , and the lights on the door panel flashed as it scanned for danvers ' password . 
 `` when did you have time to make that thing ? '' 
 i peered over his shoulder , watching as numbers spun on the screen , searching for the right combination . 
 `` i 've had it for a while . 
 this is n't the first time i 've had to break into a security-level-alpha qt office . '' 
 he waggled his eyebrows at me , and i gave him a mock look of shock . 
 `` well , i 'd never think you 'd stoop so low . 
 do i even want to know why ? '' 
 `` you know why , lexie . 
 i wanted to find out about you , about what had happened to you after you 'd left all those years ago . '' 
 i jammed my hands into my pockets and looked away . 
 he did n't know all of it . 
 and he definitely did n't know about what had happened to him . 
 while i hated branston for experimenting on us , i could n't hate the fact we were hopefully smart enough to stop them . 
 `` there we go . '' 
 the numbers settled into a pattern , and his phone screen turned green . 
 the door clicked open . 
 `` brains before beauty ? '' 
 asher asked , holding the door open for me . 
 `` ha ha . 
 funny . '' 
 i slipped inside and pulled out my flashlight , shining the beam around the room . 
 it looked exactly like it did when i 'd met with her a few weeks ago - sleek modern desk , low bookshelves along the wall , a small table with three chairs in the corner . 
 asher moved to the other side of the desk and sank into danvers ' chair before turning on the computer . 
 the glow filled the room enough for me to switch off my flashlight . 
 `` i 'm still not sure why you have to use danvers ' machine for this , '' i said as the sound of the keyboard clicking filled the room . 
 `` would n't it have been easier to do it remotely ? '' 
 he shook his head , the light from the screen making his eyes shine weirdly blue . 
 `` it 's forensics . 
 i ca n't have branston tracking this back to me . 
 and , hopefully , there 's already a link between networks . 
 even my skills probably are n't good enough to sneak in undetected . '' 
 he paused , chewing his lip as he typed . 
 `` there . 
 the first firewall is down . 
 i have access to her email . '' 
 he let out a low whistle . 
 `` i hate that we were right . 
 here 's amy 's email with our planted info . 
 looks like she sent the plans to danvers and major grant at branston immediately after we left last night . '' 
 i clutched the edge of the desk as my head spun . 
 amy and danvers both had been working for grant . 
 of course . 
 it all made sense now . 
 `` hey , you okay ? '' 
 asher half-rose from the chair , and i shook my head . 
 `` he emailed me right before the explosion . 
 branson told danvers to run the test , knowing it would fail . '' 
 my voice shook . 
 `` i hate that that guy freaks the hell out of me . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` well , i hate that i never suspected amy or danvers . 
 and i hate even more that i did n't believe you when you tried to warn me , lexicon . '' 
 a warm glow pushed away some of the nausea churning in my stomach . 
 `` if we 're going to be friends , you should probably get used to the fact that i 'm always right , rosen . '' 
 `` and you should get used to the fact that i plan on being more than friends . '' 
 heat turned my skin to goosebumps at the confidence in his words . 
 when had i fallen so hard for the guy ? 
 and though he was cute , it was n't even how he looked that made my skin tingle . 
 it was his brain , his sense of humor . 
 everything that made him asher . 
 i forced myself to look away before i threw myself at him . 
 `` back to work , buddy . 
 we 'll have plenty of time later . '' 
 my voice was husky , and i hoped he 'd think i was just trying to whisper . 
 `` promise ? '' 
 he grinned as he continued hacking danvers ' computer . 
 my phone vibrated in my pocket before i could respond , and i pulled it out to check the text message from max . 
 photon core removed . 
 five more minutes , and we 'll have the detonator installed . 
 `` is that max ? 
 what 's their status ? '' 
 asher asked . 
 `` they 'll be done in five minutes . 
 how are we doing ? 
 almost there ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i 'm almost through branston 's network . 
 the exploits worked perfectly , especially since danvers has a path to the network on this machine already . 
 i 'm copying over as many of their files as i can while i scan their system . '' 
 the knot of panic in my stomach eased a bit . 
 `` what else is there to do ? '' 
 the corner of his lip twitched . 
 `` i created a little virus to destroy all copies of the original project infinity . 
 even better , it 'll take down their system and destroy most of their records , including the ones they stole from los alamos and the other facilities . 
 it 'll take five more minutes at the most . '' 
 we 'd been there fifteen already , but i was n't going to rush him . 
 `` there . 
 i 'm in and loading the virus . '' 
 asher leaned back and crossed his arms behind his head . 
 `` where do you want to go for dinner after we 're done here ? 
 i 'm starving . 
 i thought maybe we could drive into knoxville . 
 we could finally have our date at that quiet little restaurant downtown . '' 
 `` i think coco 's is closer . 
 and i 'm going to need a piece of her chocolate silk pie . 
 stress-eating for the win . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` and you were n't even the one doing all the work . 
 maybe i should make you buy me dinner . '' 
 before i could come up with a snappy answer , an earsplitting shriek cut through the building . 
 lights flashed on and off , filling the room with blinding light . 
 my whole head filled with piercing pain . 
 asher pounded his fingers into the keyboard . 
 `` shit . 
 the security system just kicked in . 
 we 're on lockdown . '' 
 `` max and zella ? 
 are they okay ? 
 did they set this off ? '' 
 i pulled my phone out of my pocket like i was moving in slow motion . 
 every action made my very bones ache . 
 i scanned the screen , but there was no signal . 
 `` the protocols shut down all computer networks , wifi signals , and cell signals . 
 i 'm already inside the system , but it looks like it was set off somewhere on this level . '' 
 `` was it us ? '' 
 i yelled over the sound of the sirens . 
 the sound echoed oddly in my head . 
 `` no . 
 it was me . '' 
 dr. danvers stood in the doorway , and my stomach bottomed out like i 'd dropped ten floors in the elevator . 
 she looked calm and unflustered as always , professionally dressed in a pantsuit with her hair scraped back into a bun . 
 she pulled a hand out of her pocket and pointed a small handgun at us . 
 `` move away from the desk . '' 
 my feet would n't obey . 
 `` come on , lexie . '' 
 asher pulled me along with him until we stood in front of the desk , then he moved to shield my body with his . 
 danvers crossed the room to her keyboard and typed a command one-handed . 
 the gun never moved . 
 instantly , the sirens stopped mid-screech , and she looked up with a cold smile . 
 `` that 's better . 
 now you can tell me exactly what you 're doing in my office . '' 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` and how exactly you 're still standing . '' 
 i glanced at asher , and he shook his head , eyebrows furrowed . 
 `` why would n't we be standing ? '' 
 i asked . 
 danvers tapped her fingers on the desk , and my skin crawled at her appraising gaze . 
 `` qt has a very special security system . 
 when you started here , you received an inoculation to be recognized by the system , correct ? '' 
 i nodded , suddenly chilled as i remembered grant 's injection . 
 danvers continued . 
 `` if the security system is activated , anyone without that vaccine is immobilized . 
 frozen in place until the system is rebooted . 
 except , i reengineered the system to paralyze everyone who had the inoculation . 
 every scientist in the building is currently standing frozen . 
 why are n't you two ? '' 
 she waited for us to answer , but i had no idea . 
 if it had something to do with grant 's injection , why would asher be unaffected , too ? 
 finally , she shrugged . 
 `` whatever the reason , it still does n't explain why you 're in my office . 
 though i doubt i need to ask . '' 
 she raised a perfectly groomed eyebrow at us . 
 `` as soon as amy told me lexie had reworked the equation , i knew it would only be a matter of time before you discovered the full truth . 
 i should have moved faster . '' 
 `` why are you doing this ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` why would n't i ? 
 branston is paying me very well . 
 and when we succeed , i 'll have my choice of projects . 
 i might even decide to run for office . 
 you have no idea how powerful we are . 
 or how far our reach goes . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` but why build a weapon of mass destruction ? '' 
 `` do n't you remember how well it worked for the middle east ? 
 people were terrified . 
 what better advantage than the ability to destroy an entire state ? 
 money , resources , approvals , grants ... the governments of the world will be throwing those things at us when they learn what we can do . '' 
 her eyes flashed with determination as she spoke . 
 i frowned at her . 
 `` branston is evil . 
 they 've experimented on children , performed genetic experiments - all without the subject 's consent . 
 they 've crossed the line . '' 
 `` there is no line . 
 there 's only survival of the fittest . 
 or , in this case , the most powerful . '' 
 danvers smoothed the front of her suit and smiled kindly , a ghost of her old mentor self returning to haunt me . 
 `` branston is just a shell for a larger , more powerful group , and now , with this ultraviolet catastrophe , they 'll be able to take their place at the table . 
 listen to me , lexie . 
 when this goes down , you want to be on the right side . 
 come with me . 
 branston has been saving a place for you since you were born . 
 you , too , asher . 
 we could build great things . '' 
 i took a step toward the door . 
 `` sorry to disappoint , but i do n't think using science to blackmail your way into power is a great thing . 
 so , on that note , we 'll be leaving . '' 
 `` oh , i do n't think so . 
 my plans will be wrapped up tonight , and while i was supposed to bring back as many of you as i can , i do n't think anyone will blame me if you get caught in the explosion . 
 i know branston may be disappointed , but somehow i do n't think their techniques would work on you anyway . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` besides , what 's one little girl to mourn when this whole facility and all of its scientists disappear ? 
 i 'm glad your father felt up to coming . 
 all those loose ends will be wrapped up nicely in the explosion . '' 
 the blood turned to ice in my veins . 
 dad was supposed to be at home tonight , still recovering . 
 what the hell was he doing here ? 
 asher squeezed my hand . 
 `` do n't listen to her , '' he said . 
 `` she 's trying to freak you out . '' 
 `` ah , if i were trying to freak her out , i 'd tell lexie her mother came , too . 
 we 've been trying to recruit her back to this branch of qt for years . '' 
 my knees buckled , and asher had to hold me upright . 
 `` you bitch ! '' 
 the hatred in his glare could have started a bonfire . 
 `` you 're never going to get away with this . '' 
 `` and who 's going to stop me ? 
 a bunch of teenagers ? 
 i do n't think you realize what you 're up against . '' 
 she pressed her communication device . 
 `` send in the team now . 
 we 're good to go . '' 
 the building shook , and outside the window , bright lights flooded the qt grounds as three helicopters touched down in the parking lot . 
 men in dark uniforms swarmed the building , and i clutched at asher 's hand . 
 his touch was the only thing keeping me sane right now . 
 she gestured with her gun . 
 `` both of you , sit down , backs to each other . '' 
 asher and i sank to the floor , but we still held hands behind our backs . 
 the steely glint in her eye told me she 'd shoot us where we stood if we disobeyed . 
 `` is n't that too sweet ? 
 guess you got over amy , huh , asher ? 
 i wondered how long she could keep your interest . '' 
 `` why is she helping you ? 
 what is she getting out of this ? '' 
 asher demanded . 
 `` more than she ever got from qt . 
 how can one genius compete against so many ? 
 with all of you the same , there 's no way for her to get ahead here . '' 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 asher demanded a sly smile twisted her lips . 
 `` did n't you know ? 
 you , amy , max , zella and lexie were part of a branston test . 
 they altered your dna to make you even smarter than you might have been , but that also means all of you are the same now . 
 and amy wants to be special . 
 it was very easy to convince her that she could find that at branston . '' 
 danvers ' words sparked another connection . 
 altered dna . 
 grant 's shot . 
 the security system vaccine . 
 neither had affected me . 
 but maybe both had changed because of me , because of my altered dna . 
 my head still throbbed from the scream of the sirens , and everything started to fit together . 
 i 'd mutated the vaccines . 
 maybe asher had as well . 
 we were part of the security system now . 
 that 's why the sirens had sounded like they were inside my head , why i 'd had such a hard time moving . 
 danvers continued . 
 `` lucky for amy , branston has projects that even you have n't heard of . 
 and you wo n't be there to make her look average . 
 it 's a win-win for everyone . '' 
 she opened the desk drawer and pulled out a handful of what looked like metal bracelets . 
 `` enough talking . 
 i have a few last things to finish up . '' 
 her heels thumped on the carpet as she approached us , snapped one around each of our wrists , and then slid another between them , joining us together . 
 i twisted my head to see how they worked , but there was no way i was that flexible . 
 `` engheim 's bracelets ? 
 how did you get those ? '' 
 asher asked , moving his arms against the cuffs . 
 the metal bracelets clinked together at his tug , suddenly cold and hard against my skin . 
 `` he 's a branston man , too . 
 you 'd be surprised at how many of the qt staff were . 
 avery was supposed to join us , but he got cold feet at the last minute . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` such a shame i had to kill him . 
 he was a brilliant man . '' 
 footsteps thundered in the hall , and three soldiers sprinted into the room . 
 they wore dark clothes , combat boots , and each had a belt full of sharp , shiny tools i 'd never seen before . 
 `` good . 
 devon , i need you to finish downloading the rest of the project schematics from the main computer . 
 you two , come with me . 
 there are a few experiments i need to personally retrieve . '' 
 she spared us one last look . 
 `` the system is programmed to explode in one hour . 
 are you sure i ca n't convince you to join us ? '' 
 `` go to hell , '' asher said . 
 `` i 've already been there . 
 i do n't plan to go back . '' 
 danvers turned on her heel and walked out , followed by two of the commandos . 
 28 the commando devon moved to danvers ' desk , ignoring us as she started typing . 
 and it hit me . 
 we were going to die here . 
 the tremors started deep inside until i shook violently , the metal cuffs rattling around my wrists . 
 my parents were going to die here . 
 danvers was going to escape with the ultraviolet catastrophe machine . 
 each breath i took felt like knives slicing into my body as the panic attack hit full force . 
 asher grabbed my fingers . 
 `` stop , lexie . 
 it 's going to be okay . 
 we 'll get out of this . 
 i promise . '' 
 the woman at the computer smirked and went back to downloading data . 
 i jerked and pulled at the metal bands , trying to slide them over my hands , but they only seemed to get tighter , rubbing and scraping my skin raw . 
 `` stop struggling , lexie . 
 every time you move , the metal shrinks . 
 engheim 's design has a serious flaw . '' 
 asher pitched his voice so only i could hear it . 
 `` and i need you to calm down so you can do something for me . '' 
 i forced myself to focus on his words instead of the panic screaming inside of me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 asher whispered in my ear . 
 `` reach into my pocket and pull out the lock scanner we used on danvers ' door . 
 then slip it beneath one of my cuffs . '' 
 i shimmied closer to him , the heat from his body soaking into mine and calming me enough so i could twist my hand into his pocket . 
 my fingers brushed against the thin wire , and i pulled it out slowly , blindly searching for the metal card . 
 it felt like hours , but finally it tugged free of the pocket . 
 chewing my lip , i concentrated on shimmying it closer to the cuffs . 
 my fingers felt clumsy and stiff at this angle , and i dropped it twice before i slipped it beneath the thin metal of asher 's band . 
 `` done . 
 now what ? '' 
 asher 's breath was hot against my ear . 
 `` pull out my phone and put it in my palm . '' 
 that was a whole other struggle . 
 the way asher sat , the phone was stuck inside his pocket at a strange angle . 
 my fingers slid right off the slick surface . 
 i shifted to get a better grip , and devon looked up . 
 `` what do you think you 're doing ? '' 
 she demanded , narrowing her eyes at us . 
 i shrugged . 
 `` just trying to get comfortable . 
 it would be great if you 'd unhook us . 
 we 're not going anywhere . '' 
 `` nice try . '' 
 she turned back to the computer , and asher nudged me with his shoulder . 
 i slid my fingers back into his pocket to fish for his phone . 
 asher took up chatting with the guard to keep her focus off me . 
 `` how long have you worked for branston ? '' 
 she did n't even bother to look up . 
 `` started there as a kid . 
 only home i 've known . '' 
 `` and your specialty ? '' 
 `` computers . 
 just like you , mr. rosen . '' 
 he shook his head , his voice going hard . 
 `` not quite like me . 
 i 'm not betraying my country . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` do n't you know ? 
 branston runs your country . 
 along with a few others . 
 it 's a regular united nations . '' 
 my fingers finally got a grip on the slick surface of asher 's phone . 
 hoping our bodies still hid what i was doing , i slowly tugged it free . 
 i felt asher shake his head . 
 `` my country would n't kill brilliant scientists because they 're in the way . 
 they would n't destroy years of scientific research and discovery just to blackmail people into giving up power . '' 
 i pressed the phone into his hand , and he squeezed my fingers . 
 `` does n't matter . 
 you 're not going to be around to see it , are you ? '' 
 the woman froze and pressed a finger beneath her ear . 
 `` yes , ma'am ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 'll be right there . '' 
 devon glared at us . 
 `` dr. danvers has found your friends . 
 looks like they 'll be in the same boat as you . '' 
 she typed a few last things into the computer and straightened . 
 `` take it easy , kids . 
 the end will be painless . 
 hopefully . '' 
 with a smirk , she strode from the room . 
 i thrashed against the cuffs again . 
 `` asher ! 
 they found max and zella . 
 we 've got to get out of here . '' 
 i tried to hold back the tears burning behind my eyes . 
 why had we been so stupid ? 
 why had we thought we could stand up to something like branston ? 
 `` we should have gone for help . 
 we should have told someone what was going on . '' 
 `` hold still , lexie . 
 i 'm almost there . '' 
 i could feel his arms moving as he tried to activate the unlocking mechanism on his phone . 
 he continued , and i knew he was talking to keep me calm . 
 `` we got lucky . 
 danvers did the one thing that might stop her . 
 the security system is hooked into the regents ' notification system . 
 their own team is already on their way to investigate . '' 
 `` but why would danvers do that ? 
 she had to know they 'd show up . '' 
 `` maybe she wanted them to get caught in the explosion , too . '' 
 asher was breathing hard , and i knew it was n't because his fingers kept grazing my hips . 
 `` almost there . '' 
 his body jerked against mine a few more times , and i heard the click of a lock releasing . 
 `` got it . '' 
 and then he was on his feet . 
 the sudden absence of his heat from my back made me shiver , but a second later , i felt the bracelets fall from my wrists and i was on my feet , too . 
 `` you are amazing , '' i said , staring down at the little gold bands that had seemed so impossible to escape from a moment ago . 
 `` i 'll remember you said that . '' 
 asher gave a half-hearted grin , but it slipped from his face as he went serious again . 
 `` we need to get to the security office and shut down whatever danvers has done to the system . 
 if we can reverse the polarity , maybe we can freeze her team in the building and free the scientists . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` but what about max and zella ? 
 and the bomb ? '' 
 `` we ca n't do anything until we get to the security office and see what we 're up against . 
 are you up for a sprint ? '' 
 i rubbed at the throbbing pink skin on my wrists before nodding . 
 we were running out of time . 
 `` let 's do it . '' 
 i eased open the door and peered out into the hallway . 
 shouts rang out in the distance , but otherwise , it seemed empty . 
 asher took my hand , and together we darted toward the end of the hall . 
 pressing me back with one arm , he peered around the corner , looking for more of danvers ' commandos . 
 `` all clear . 
 stairs or elevator ? '' 
 i chewed my bottom lip and tried to make my brain focus past my fear . 
 the security office was just off the lobby . 
 elevator would be faster , but we 'd have to press the button and wait for the car to arrive , and if the doors opened on a group of commandos , we 'd be really screwed . 
 `` we take the stairs . '' 
 `` good call . '' 
 asher checked the corridor again . 
 `` let 's do this . '' 
 we sprinted for the emergency door and started the descent to the lobby . 
 three floors . 
 we could do it . 
 our footsteps thundered in the space , but i was n't worried about being quiet . 
 we needed to stop danvers before this place exploded with my friends and family inside . 
 i 'd take down anyone who got in our way . 
 i was panting by the time we reached the ground floor , my leg muscles aching at all the stairs . 
 asher pushed open the door to peek into the lobby , then waved me through . 
 the area was deserted except for sam . 
 he sat at his station , his features frozen in shock , his hands raised as if he 'd been about to pull his gun from his holster . 
 he looked like an unanimated robot . 
 creepy . 
 `` grab his scan card , '' asher ordered as he strode toward the security office door . 
 i tiptoed behind the desk and unclipped the key card from sam 's belt . 
 `` sorry , sam . 
 this is an emergency , '' i whispered , patting his solid shoulder . 
 two seconds later , we were inside , staring at the bank of monitors lining the wall . 
 and the flashing red numbers on the screen at the end of the row . 
 `` eighteen minutes until system destruction , '' said a computerized voice . 
 the seconds flashed past : forty-eight , forty-seven , forty-six . 
 my whole body flooded with ice , turning my insides to jelly . 
 i had to tear my gaze from the numbers , or i 'd stand there , frozen and unable to do anything . 
 but when i spotted my dad on one of the video monitors , i wished i had n't . 
 fear crawled like spiders across my skin at the grainy image of the auditorium packed with immobile scientists . 
 a whimper escaped me at the sight of my dad sitting in the front row . 
 mom sat beside him . 
 danvers had n't been lying . 
 my voice was barely a whisper as i clutched asher 's arm . 
 `` we have to stop her . '' 
 `` i 'm already on it . '' 
 he threw himself into one of the chairs and started tapping at the keyboard . 
 security schematics flashed on screen - dna helixes , genome sequences , building plans , pod locations . 
 he frowned at the screen . 
 `` she 's reengineered everything . 
 it must have taken weeks . '' 
 his voice was flat , no hint of his earlier certainty . 
 `` i 'm never going to be able to do this . '' 
 my mind rejected his words . 
 i 'd come to count on asher and his crazy abilities . 
 he could do anything . 
 my gaze flashed back to my frozen parents and then down to the division seven monitor where max and zella were trapped with dr. danvers . 
 if they had planted the device , they could probably still stop her . 
 i shook my head . 
 it did n't matter . 
 we could n't take the risk of her escaping with the machine . 
 branston would have everything they needed to blackmail their way into the top levels of the government . 
 we had to stop her for good . 
 i stared at my dad on the screen . 
 he looked so small and weak , sitting in his wheelchair . 
 i remembered our last conversation in the hospital , about branston 's experiments , about my ability to make connections and see how things worked . 
 it seemed so long ago , and yet it had been just a few days . 
 i let out a shaky sigh and watched the codes scrolling past on asher 's screen . 
 the numbers rolled over me like water and sank into my brain . 
 and then i straightened . 
 watched the codes more closely . 
 felt that familiar click . 
 `` there , '' i said , pointing . 
 `` that number chain repeats over and over . 
 what is it doing ? '' 
 asher hit pause on the scan , leaning closer to study the numbers . 
 `` hang on ... '' he pulled up another window and another copy of the security protocols . 
 `` lexie ! 
 it 's the code danvers snuck in . 
 it 's permeated through the system like a virus , but if i can strip it out and reverse it , i might be able to turn it around on them . '' 
 `` what can i do ? '' 
 the red , flashing timer kept decreasing . 
 fifteen minutes . 
 `` we 're running out of time . '' 
 asher 's lips thinned , and he shook his head . 
 `` that 's a whole different problem . 
 one thing at a time , okay ? '' 
 i nodded and tried not to watch the numbers ticking slowly down . 
 i felt useless sitting there . 
 but while i might be able to make freaky connections in my head , i had no idea where to even start disarming an explosive device . 
 finally , asher said , `` i think i 've got it . '' 
 i rushed to the desk and stared at the screen . 
 `` what am i 'm looking at ? '' 
 `` i stripped the code from the system and used it to reverse the polarity of the device at its core . 
 danvers ' hack already primed the system to search for anyone with the inoculation to freeze them , so i just switched it to look for anyone without it . 
 when i enter this last bit of code , anyone in the facility who does n't have the antibodies will be trapped in the stasis field and anyone with it will be released . '' 
 `` and what about us ? '' 
 he shrugged , but he would n't meet my gaze . 
 `` i 'm not exactly sure what 's going to happen . 
 i do n't know why danvers ' virus did n't affect us , and i do n't know what will happen when i throw this switch . 
 if we 're frozen in here like the commandos , we have to hope one of the scientists will be able to stop the bomb in time . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` not good enough . 
 they do n't even know it 's here . 
 we have to stop the bomb first . 
 dying in a thermal explosion is seriously going to mess up my college plans . '' 
 asher frowned . 
 `` fine , but i need you to get downstairs and stop danvers while i work on this . 
 maybe max and zella will be able to help you . '' 
 `` let 's hope so . '' 
 because i was running out of ideas , and the woman had a gun . 
 i wiped my palms on my jeans and ignored the pricking of my skin . 
 asher looked as scared as i felt , his eyes wide and skin pale . 
 `` it 's been fun , '' i said with a half-smile . 
 he grabbed my shoulders and shook me slightly . 
 his fingers dug into my skin , but i welcomed the pain . 
 `` stop that , '' he said . 
 `` we 're going to be fine . 
 besides , you owe me dinner . 
 i 'm not letting you get out of that now . '' 
 i wanted nothing more than to believe him . 
 `` promise ? '' 
 he leaned closer until his lips almost brushed mine . 
 `` promise . '' 
 i curled my fingers into his shirt and jerked him to me , crushing myself against him . 
 his arms clutched me hard to his chest , and i poured myself into the kiss . 
 it was n't soft or romantic . 
 this was a kiss before war , and we both made the most of it , clinging to each other , knowing it could very well be our last . 
 as much as a goodbye as a promise . 
 and when we pulled away from each other , i saw the realization in his eyes as well . 
 we might not make it out of this . 
 asher 's hand was n't quite steady as he rubbed the back of his neck and turned to stare at the monitors on the wall . 
 `` i do n't see any of danvers ' commandos on the security screens , but i 'm not sure where they are . 
 be careful on your way down . '' 
 i nodded , took one last look at the blinking red numbers . 
 thirteen minutes . 
 and slipped out of the relative safety of the security office . 
 i felt exposed in the great , empty marble room , like there were eyes watching me from every shadow . 
 but i was n't going to stop danvers by quaking in my boots , no matter how cute they were . 
 it was time to move . 
 seven levels does n't seem like it would take long , but as i ran down the stairs , i had plenty of time to try to figure out what exactly i was going to do to stop danvers . 
 unfortunately , it was also plenty of time to realize i had no freaking idea . 
 i was just going to have to hope asher got the bomb stopped and the stasis field working before i got there . 
 i finally stopped in front of the blue number seven painted on the stairwell door and tried to catch my breath . 
 they 'd moved the machine to a new lab on this level . 
 that 's where max and zella would be . 
 and danvers , too , along with all of her guards . 
 the sheen of sweat i 'd developed from running down seven flights of stairs started to dry in the cool air , and i shivered . 
 how was i ever going to stop them ? 
 i knew one thing - i certainly was n't going to do it just standing there . 
 i eased open the heavy fire door . 
 the hall was empty . 
 i scanned the corridor for another thirty seconds , waiting for any commandos to show up . 
 when it stayed clear , i sprinted toward the back entrance of the lab . 
 the door was made of the same heavy titanium alloy that all the labs on this level used . 
 max had said it would keep most explosions contained , but no door would be able to stop qt 's destruction if the security system exploded . 
 i pressed my finger to the scanner and let out a sigh of relief when it turned green . 
 i slipped inside , ducking behind a stack of boxes that had once held robot skeletons . 
 now they stood sentinel against the wall . 
 danvers had decided to use them for the next test instead of humans . 
 my breathing was loud and ragged in my ears , and i tried to hold it in , get it under control . 
 inching forward , i risked a glance out into the warehouse and then darted back behind the box . 
 one look had told me all i needed to know . 
 max and zella stood off to one side , holding hands . 
 two commandos were busy disassembling the ultraviolet catastrophe machine , and danvers supervised the whole scene . 
 with her gun . 
 29 shit . 
 shit . 
 shit . 
 i crouched behind the boxes and rested my head in my hands . 
 danvers was here . 
 she was taking away the machine . 
 she had max and zella . 
 none of those things were good . 
 i pulled out my phone . 
 even worse , in exactly eight minutes this whole place was going to explode , and i had no idea how to stop her . 
 think , kepler , think . 
 all i had to do was buy asher enough time to switch off the bomb and turn on the stasis field . 
 hopefully that would take care of danvers . 
 i eyed the robots along the wall . 
 they were almost built . 
 if i could just get one working , i could use it as a distraction to get zella and max away . 
 i inched toward them , staying behind the boxes . 
 the first one had no legs . 
 there was n't time to assemble them . 
 the second had legs but no head . 
 i eyed the bolts in its legs . 
 if i could wire them just so , it would still be able to move . 
 and that 's all i needed . 
 my fingers fumbled with the unfamiliar wires as i tried to connect them silently . 
 one of the commandos working on the machine spoke . 
 `` that 's all of it , ma'am . 
 do you want us to take the pieces up to the helicopter ? '' 
 `` yes , but leave the photon generator with me , '' danvers said . 
 i peered around the edge of a box to see her hold her hand out . 
 the commando put a small black box in the palm of her hand . 
 `` probably a good idea . 
 grant wants it asap . 
 what about the kepler girl ? '' 
 danvers frowned . 
 `` leave her . '' 
 the commando shook his head . 
 `` my orders from grant were that she was to be retrieved at all costs . 
 i 'll go back and knock her out . 
 get her to the copter . '' 
 danvers glared . 
 `` i 'm the commanding officer on this mission , and i say leave her . 
 get moving , soldier . 
 we 're running out of time . '' 
 he saluted , though he frowned at her . 
 `` what do you want us to do with these kids ? '' 
 he nodded at max and zella standing stiff and silent against the wall . 
 `` i 'll take care of them . '' 
 the man saluted again before leading the three other scientists through the far door , carrying the machine and its parts between them . 
 `` you ca n't do this , '' zella yelled , lunging at danvers . 
 max grabbed her arm to hold her back . 
 `` and who 's going to stop me ? '' 
 danvers took a step forward , waving her gun at the pair . 
 `` you ? 
 i do n't think so . '' 
 i twisted the last set of wires together , then flipped the back panel closed . 
 there was a whirr and a click , and the robot 's legs jerked into motion . 
 i turned it in danvers direction and patted it on its metal ass . 
 `` good luck , buddy . '' 
 the robot trotted forward , knocking against a stack of boxes that crashed to the floor . 
 danvers whirled to see what was happening , firing off a shot at the robot . 
 the machinery screamed in protest , and before i could think about what i was doing , i jumped at her , grabbing her gun arm . 
 my hands slipped and slid on the fabric of her suit , searching for something to hold on to . 
 i clutched at her wrist , the bones fragile as a bird 's but surprisingly strong . 
 she bucked and struggled against me , using her free hand to beat at my face and push me off her . 
 i heard max and zella screaming , but i was too focused on the gun gleaming in her hand . 
 i felt her tense beneath me , and then i was on my back , my head smacking into the cement floor . 
 stars danced across my vision . 
 sirens shrieked in my ears . 
 and in my head . 
 with a physical thump inside my body , i felt the security system come online . 
 i 'd been right . 
 somehow our dna had altered the vaccine enough that max , zella , asher , and i were unaffected by it . 
 i blinked up into the muzzle of a gun , and beyond that , danvers ' shocked face . 
 her eyes darted around the space before coming to rest on me . 
 her voice sounded like ground glass . 
 `` where is asher ? '' 
 but despite the danger we were still in , relief flooded through me , making my limbs go weak . 
 he 'd stopped the commandos and turned off the bomb . 
 danvers snatched up the photon core from the floor and shoved it in her pocket as she scrambled to her feet , pointing the gun at me again . 
 it trembled , as did her voice . 
 `` stay where you are , or there 'll be a bullet for each of you . 
 and trust me , i wo n't miss . '' 
 i struggled upright , my head still pounding from the security system . 
 the robot twitched and fizzled on the floor beside me . 
 the room swayed , and i locked my knees to stay on my feet . 
 `` it 's over , dr. danvers . 
 you might shoot one of us , but if all three of us rush you , we 'll still take you down . '' 
 i glanced at max and zella , and they both nodded . 
 the coldness in her eyes made me shiver . 
 `` i have too much at stake to let you stop me now . '' 
 she took a step toward the door , aimed her gun at max . 
 pulled the trigger . 
 zella screamed and pushed him out of the way . 
 her body jerked as the bullet hit her leg in a puff of blood , and she dropped to the floor . 
 `` no ! '' 
 max 's roar shook my eardrums , but danvers was already out the door . 
 instead of chasing after her , i rushed to zella . 
 max had already cradled her head in his lap , his hands shaking as he brushed her hair back from her face . 
 `` your sweater , lexie ! 
 we need to stop the bleeding . '' 
 i ripped it off and threw it at him . 
 `` i need to go after danvers . '' 
 max shook his head . 
 `` just let her go . '' 
 `` but max ! '' 
 i took three steps toward the door . 
 `` lexie . 
 trust me . '' 
 he yanked his phone from his pocket and handed it over , still using his other hand to press my sweater to zella 's leg . 
 she moaned , but i shook my head . 
 `` i do n't understand . '' 
 `` the remote detonator is installed on the photon core . '' 
 my knees went weak . 
 `` but it will kill her . '' 
 `` and you have a problem with this ? 
 she shot zella . '' 
 max glared at me and then , like a switch was flipped , smiled down at zella reassuringly . 
 he caressed her cheek again . 
 `` hang on . 
 we 're going to get help . '' 
 zella 's eyes were glazed with pain , but she still managed a nod . 
 `` what happened ? 
 what did i miss ? '' 
 asher asked , sprinting into the room . 
 i let out a sigh of relief and threw myself into his arms . 
 `` you did it ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i stopped the bomb and freed the scientists . 
 our security guards are rounding up the immobilized commandos . 
 but the fix did n't stop danvers . '' 
 i glanced down at max and zella . 
 at the detonator in my hand . 
 `` go , '' max said . 
 `` i 'll get z upstairs to the medical wing . '' 
 he stooped and picked her up in his arms as gently as he would a baby . 
 zella moaned , her head lolling against his shoulder . 
 i squeezed his shoulder . 
 `` thanks , max . '' 
 `` kick her ass for me . '' 
 i gave him a wicked grin . 
 `` she does n't stand a chance . '' 
 asher grabbed my hand , and we raced toward the elevator bank . 
 there was n't time for stairs . 
 we just had to make it to the main floor before danvers escaped . 
 with the scientists free , there had to be someone around to stop her . 
 except they did n't know she 'd betrayed them all . 
 my pulse sounded like hammers in my skull , and i tapped my foot as we rose through the facility . 
 division six . 
 five . 
 four . 
 finally , we reached the lobby and stopped short . 
 hundreds of scientists milled around the frozen statues of commandos . 
 they touched the branston soldiers , shook their heads , looking confused . 
 my dad pushed through the crowds in his wheelchair trying to reassure them , and dr. rosen did the same across the room . 
 qt security guards were everywhere , and i shoved past the scientists to reach one standing near the door . 
 `` have you seen danvers ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` we 're searching the building right now . 
 she wo n't get out with the lockdown protocols in place . '' 
 i craned to see past the guard out to the parking lot where two of the branston helicopters had already disappeared . 
 the third sat at the far end of the lot , the blades slowly spinning up . 
 my breath froze in my lungs as i spotted a dark shadow sprinting toward it . 
 `` damn it . 
 you 're too late ! '' 
 i pushed past him and tried to shove open the door . 
 it did n't budge . 
 i rattled the handle and pounded against the glass . 
 `` let me out . 
 we have to stop her ! '' 
 the security guard shook his head , peering out into the darkness beside me . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 we 're still locked down . '' 
 asher pulled max 's phone from my grip . 
 he stared at me , the question i did n't want to answer burning in his eyes . 
 i turned away . 
 `` no . '' 
 the word was only a whisper , a breath of air against the window , but i could n't let him kill her . 
 no matter what she 'd done , what she was planning to do , there had to be another way . 
 he pulled me to him , speaking against my hair so no one else would hear . 
 `` lexie , we have to . 
 if she escapes , they 'll figure out the plans in branston 's system are wrong . 
 she 'll come after us and our families . 
 we do n't have a choice . '' 
 i could n't put my family at risk again . 
 or asher and my friends . 
 i nodded . 
 but before asher could even turn the phone on , the night exploded . 
 the roar shook the building and shattered the safety glass on one of the windows . 
 it cracked into a web of a million pieces , glowing orange and refracting the light from the flaming helicopter into a dancing kaleidoscope . 
 the scent of burning metal and gas filled the air , the heat from the flames reaching us even through the doors . 
 a scientist screamed , and everybody pushed forward to see what was happening . 
 asher shook his head , eyes wide as he stared out into the parking lot . 
 `` it was n't me . '' 
 a bright light appeared in the sky , flooding the space in front of the door with lights . 
 another helicopter touched down , this one with the qt logo painted on the side . 
 smoke wafted from one of the missile launchers attached to the bottom of the machine . 
 as its headlights swept the area , i spotted a burning corpse near the wreckage of branston 's chopper . 
 i caught sight of a red high heel before the light moved away , and i gasped , turning to hide my face in asher 's shoulder , fighting back the nausea burning my throat . 
 he rubbed my back , but the image of danvers ' twisted body was burned into my mind . 
 behind me , scientists whispered and gossiped in shock . 
 they grew silent as my dad approached us , mom pushing his wheelchair . 
 he tapped a code into the security box at the door , and the airlocks hissed as they reversed . 
 `` let the regents inside , please . '' 
 a guard pushed the door open , and the scent of burning metal and cold , fall air eddied through the lobby . 
 dad looked tired , but he smiled at me and squeezed my hand . 
 `` you okay , lexie ? '' 
 `` i am now . 
 you ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` which one of you called them ? 
 asher ? '' 
 beside me , asher shoved his hands into his pockets and shrugged . 
 `` since they would n't listen to me in your room the other day , i hacked into dad 's account and told them everything . 
 i figured they needed to know what we 'd found . '' 
 `` and god knows we need them now . 
 thank you . '' 
 dad shook asher 's hand . 
 `` i just wish you had talked to me . 
 i could have done something to stop danvers . '' 
 `` not after she almost killed you , dad . '' 
 i pulled asher out of the way as the trio of regents entered the building . 
 they were all dressed in suits , but the woman in front was the obvious leader . 
 she gave off an aura of efficiency and intelligence , and i recognized her from the einstein-rosen bridge announcement last month . 
 `` first of all , dr. kepler , was anyone killed ? '' 
 she waited for his report , arms crossed . 
 dad shook his head . 
 `` thanks to lexie and asher , everyone is safe . 
 except for danvers herself . '' 
 he gestured to the parking lot . 
 a muscle jumped in the woman 's jaw before she pressed the skin below her ear , turning on her communicator . 
 `` body retrieval . 
 parking lot . 
 now . '' 
 she turned back to us . 
 `` alexa kepler ? '' 
 i nodded , fighting to stand upright and look calm despite the exhaustion and trauma that were making my knees tremble . 
 `` i 'm dr. eleanor franklin . 
 i 'm very pleased to meet you . 
 your contributions to qt this semester are astonishing . 
 you stopped something that could have led to the destruction of the city . 
 we 're very lucky to have you . '' 
 `` um ... thank you . 
 but i could n't have done it without asher and max and zella . '' 
 `` ah , yes . '' 
 she turned her cool smile to asher . 
 `` i wish we 'd listened to you sooner , young man . 
 we owe you all a great debt . 
 you can be sure this will not be forgotten . '' 
 dad cleared his throat . 
 `` i think we need to debrief and send the rest of the staff home . 
 it 's been a long night , and we have a huge mess to clean up . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` you 're right , dr. kepler . 
 and the first order of business is to appoint a new director . 
 you . '' 
 his eyebrows rose to his hairline . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` we can discuss it further if we must , but the other regents and i feel you 're the best person for the job . 
 please say you 'll accept . '' 
 `` very well . '' 
 he looked calm , but i knew my dad . 
 he had to be bursting with excitement . 
 mom squeezed his shoulder before he turned back to dr. franklin . 
 `` let 's get the rest of this mess sorted out . 
 i have a feeling it 's going to take all night . '' 
 asher slipped his arm around me as we watched him roll off toward his office with mom and the regents . 
 `` i saw my dad head toward the med wing . 
 let 's go check on zella . '' 
 we found max pacing the waiting room when we entered . 
 his eyes were huge and shadowed , and he looked like he 'd been the one who 'd been shot . 
 `` what 's going on , max ? 
 how 's zella ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` dr. rosen is with her now . 
 the bullet went through her leg cleanly , so they 're stitching her up . '' 
 asher nodded . 
 `` dad 's good with a needle , but zella 'll probably have a scar . '' 
 `` i do n't care as long as she 's all right . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` i just need to see her . '' 
 `` soon . 
 i 'm sure dr. rosen will let us know the moment she 's done . 
 come sit down , and we 'll tell you what happened with danvers . '' 
 `` right . 
 danvers . '' 
 max took the chair beside me , but his gaze kept straying to the door as asher and i told him what had happened . 
 i was mid-sentence when the door to the med wing swung open . 
 max shot to his feet as dr. rosen stepped through . 
 he nodded at us , his salt-and-pepper hair crazier than usual . 
 `` zella is fine . 
 she 's stitched up , on pain meds , and ready for visitors . 
 but only for a few minutes . 
 she needs to rest . '' 
 max pushed past him , sprinting toward zella 's room . 
 asher and i followed more slowly behind . 
 `` guess he finally figured out he liked her after all , '' asher said . 
 `` took him long enough . '' 
 `` it was pretty obvious , was n't it ? '' 
 i grinned at him . 
 `` sometimes you geniuses just ca n't see what 's right in front of your face . '' 
 `` hey ! 
 i take offense to that statement . '' 
 `` who said i was talking about you ? '' 
 with a wink , i slipped my hand into his , and we pushed open the door to zella 's room . 
 max was already at her side . 
 zella blinked up at him , smiled weakly . 
 and then , before we could even blink , max leaned down and kissed her gently . 
 `` maybe we should give them some time alone , '' i whispered . 
 asher 's fingers grazed my jaw , turning me to face him . 
 `` i think that 's a very good idea . '' 
 the tenderness in his gaze made my breath hitch in my throat . 
 and when he bent his head and kissed me , i finally felt like quantum technologies was exactly where i belonged . 
 epilogue you know it 's going to be a good day when the guy you 've been crushing on all semester shows up first thing in the morning carrying two cups of coffee and a dozen donuts . 
 `` help a guy out , wo n't you ? '' 
 asher asked . 
 the snow was coming down , and it had dusted his dark locks and tangled in his eyelashes . 
 i stood in the doorway for almost thirty seconds before i realized i was staring at him . 
 i grabbed the bag of donuts from under his arm with one hand , grabbed his shirt with the other , and pressed my lips to his . 
 he leaned into the kiss , a soft rumble coming from his throat . 
 i was n't the only one breathing hard when i finally pulled away . 
 `` sorry , '' i said , looking up at him through my eyelashes as i held the front door open for him . 
 his feet had left dark footprints in the snow , and his car was already covered . 
 my first snowfall in tennessee - the only thing that could be more amazing than the first snow in ohio . 
 for one very specific reason . 
 `` you coming ? '' 
 asher asked from inside , slipping out of his boots . 
 `` yep . '' 
 i shut the door on the wintry scene . 
 `` thanks for the coffee . 
 you 're a genius . 
 mom used the bunsen burner to make coffee while she was working this morning . 
 i ca n't count how many times i 've told her i wo n't drink that sludge . '' 
 `` resident genius , that 's me . 
 i 'm glad you 've finally recognized it . '' 
 he set the coffee down on the counter , leaning back against it to give me a once-over . 
 i flushed but took advantage of the admiration , winking at him in response . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i might just give you a run for your money next semester . '' 
 he waggled his eyebrows . 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 and then he chased me down the hallway to the living room . 
 i giggled and shrieked as he grabbed my waist from behind , spun me around , and flopped backward onto the couch , pulling me along with him . 
 i stared down into his eyes and blinked . 
 his heart beat beneath my chest , strong and steady , and i took a deep breath . 
 yeah , i was laying on top of asher rosen , on the couch in my parents ' living room . 
 it seemed crazy , but something about having narrowly escaped death with the guy had eliminated any nervousness i might 've once felt around him . 
 he cupped the back of my head , letting his fingers tangle in my hair , and took his time kissing me again . 
 with the way his teeth snagged my bottom lip when he finally pulled away , i had no doubt about just how happy he was both of us had made it out alive . 
 i let my body squeeze down in the space between his side and the back of the couch , and we settled back to watch the fire dad had built earlier . 
 he and mom were out on a date , though they 'd frowned at me when i 'd teased them about it . 
 i had a feeling mom would be settling in oak ridge for good . 
 `` what time did you get home yesterday ? '' 
 asher asked , wrapping a strand of my hair around his finger and tugging gently . 
 i swung my legs across his lap and nudged my chin against his shoulder . 
 `` about noon . 
 i could barely keep my eyes open . '' 
 `` sucks to be the new director 's daughter . '' 
 his fingers brushed against my neck as he smoothed my hair back , and a shiver went through me . 
 it took all my strength to not climb the rest of the way into his lap , and i had to swallow before i could form a coherent sentence . 
 `` actually , it had more to do with the equations for the catastrophe machine . 
 conveniently , i 'd forgotten them . 
 and with no record left , there 's not much hope anyone will be able to rebuild it . '' 
 `` yeah , they were pretty excited to hear about the virus i 'd inserted into branston 's network and the files i copied over . 
 hope it helps them . '' 
 his fingers moved lower to trace my collarbone , and my eyes drifted shut . 
 `` i love when you do that , asher rosen , '' i murmured . 
 `` what ? 
 the collarbone ? '' 
 `` mmm . 
 that . 
 but mostly the computer genius talk . 
 you do n't need to flirt with me anymore , you know . '' 
 he responded with a gentle kiss on my temple , then one on my cheek . 
 i bit back a whimper and tried not to burrow deeper into his arms . 
 `` did they find amy or her parents ? '' 
 my voice came out husky , and asher moved his fingers back up to my jaw . 
 i opened my eyes in disappointment , but he smiled gently down at me before shaking his head . 
 `` the greens were gone when security got to their house . 
 i doubt they 'll ever find them . 
 branston is too powerful . '' 
 the thought of amy being out there made me uneasy , but there was n't anything we could do . 
 hopefully the greens had gone running to branston and would stay there . 
 they were wanted people now , and qt had plenty of resources to find them if they chose to . 
 his breath was hot on my neck as he inched closer to press a kiss below my ear . 
 `` so ... one semester at qt down . 
 how are you feeling ? '' 
 i was glad he was too busy with my neck to see the smile that twisted my lips . 
 `` that it might be time for you to give me some fishing lessons . 
 i 'm not very good at the whole catch-and-release thing . 
 i seem to have the catching part down pretty well , but my release could use some work . '' 
 asher 's lips moved up to my ear . 
 `` lexicon , you 're stuck with me , '' he whispered . 
 `` there 's no throwing me back now . 
 i 'm so hooked . '' 
 i rolled my eyes , and he gave me one of those wicked grins . 
 `` you know there 's only way to stop me from making bad puns , do n't you ? '' 
 so i leaned in and kissed him again . 
 and i was n't planning on stopping for a long , long time . 
