 chapter one joe 's bar . 
 familiar stomping grounds for alexa collins , yet everything about the night felt off to her . 
 first , the bar 's owner and his new bride were on their honeymoon , so joe was n't serving . 
 alexa 's normally happy friend cara hartley sat morosely stirring her drink , staring into the glass for answers , but the man who 'd caused the problems was nowhere to be found . 
 alexa could n't relate to guy issues considering she lived an extremely busy life , spent hours in the hospital er , and had no time for a relationship , let alone hot , stress-relieving sex-something she could definitely use . 
 for the last couple of weeks she 'd been suffering from a definite case of the blues , and the strain of her life was beginning to wear on her . 
 no wonder she was in a funk . 
 the music now blasting through the speakers gave her a jolt akin to a caffeine kick , and alexa perked up at the sound . 
 rising from her barstool , she glanced at her friend . 
 `` i feel like dancing , '' alexa announced . 
 with a disinterested sigh , cara shook her head , but alexa was n't taking no for an answer . 
 cara needed to have fun and forget about mike marsden , the man who 'd broken her heart . 
 she jerked her head toward the dance floor . 
 `` dance . 
 now . '' 
 cara groaned but complied , standing up on command . 
 alexa looked to the third woman in their trio . 
 `` liza ? '' 
 liza and her husband , dare barron , had joined them for a night out along with some other friends who mingled around the bar . 
 liza swayed her hips in time to the beat of the music . 
 `` why not ? 
 i could use some letting go . '' 
 katy perry 's upbeat tune reverberated around them as they headed to the dance floor near the jukebox . 
 `` teenage dream '' began the set , which segued into `` firework , '' one of alexa 's favorite songs . 
 she closed her eyes and allowed herself to get lost in the moment , her body moving to the beat , her entire being consumed by the tempo and the sounds pulsing around her . 
 when she opened her eyes , she noticed she was n't the only one attracted to the upbeat music . 
 the crowd had grown in size , everyone on the floor pumping their fists , swiveling their hips , and dancing as if they were shooting across the sky as the lyrics suggested . 
 dare had joined liza , wrapping himself around his wife in a heart-melting embrace . 
 alexa looked away to avoid the obvious intimacy between the couple and her gaze met that of a man who sat alone at a table near the dance floor . 
 a sinfully sexy man with shaggy , sandy blond hair and an unwavering stare . 
 he watched as she danced , his heavy-lidded scrutiny focused on her as he sipped at his beer . 
 his demeanor seemed casual but his stare was anything but . 
 thinking of how down she 'd been lately and how great this music made her feel now , she was unable to resist the impulse to crook her finger his way . 
 a glance told her that her best friend was n't watching , which was a good thing considering cara would n't know what had gotten into alexa . 
 and she would be hard-pressed to explain . 
 all she knew , all she felt , was a bone-deep loneliness that reached into her soul , and this man 's intense and interested stare provided her heart with a jump she had n't felt in too long . 
 a slow smile lifted his lips and her pulse skyrocketed as he stood and made his way toward her , his swagger indicating a self-confidence that was rare . 
 alexa experienced that same kind of self-assuredness in medical settings , but she normally fell short in other areas of her life . 
 still , she 'd called on that confidence when beckoning him over , and she was glad she had n't stopped to think it through . 
 he joined her on the dance floor , immediately picking up the rhythm . 
 he danced close enough for her to smell his woodsy cologne that both surrounded and aroused her . 
 as they moved , their bodies spoke for them , their synchronicity startling for two people who 'd never met , let alone danced together before . 
 and when the music turned sultry , he was all too willing to join her for some dirty dancing . 
 he ground his hips against hers , the swell of his erection pressing deliciously against her stomach , too intimately for strangers . 
 but too good to deny . 
 so she did n't . 
 instead she let the heat of desire crackle and spark between them , and fire licked at her veins as a result . 
 cara eased closer and looked from alexa to her partner , her eyebrows raised , a concerned expression on her face . 
 alexa ignored her . 
 she needed this sense of freedom , the release this man provided . 
 she had n't realized how badly until now . 
 pure enjoyment and fun . 
 when was the last time she 'd allowed herself the luxury ? 
 her dance partner 's hands slid to her waist . 
 she 'd worn black leggings and a cream cardigan , which she 'd unbuttoned to show both cle ** age and the barest hint of her lace cami underneath . 
 she reaped the benefit of her clothing choice now , as he slid his hand beneath the layers , and she trembled at the rasp of his calloused palms caressing her sensitive skin . 
 a sexy grin lifted his lips and he continued the dance along with the erotic assault on her senses . 
 she could have lingered in their intimate embrace all night , but from the corner of her eye , alexa caught sight of cara 's ex-boyfriend , mike marsden , the man who 'd broken her best friend 's heart . 
 he strode up behind cara and wrapped his arms around her . 
 she jumped in surprise but soon settled into the embrace . 
 alexa figured cara thought it was one of her guy friends joining her for a dance , because no way would she allow mike that kind of privilege . 
 not without him doing some serious groveling first . 
 worried about her friend , alexa kept an eye on the couple , prepared to step in if needed . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 her dance partner asked in a southern drawl . 
 it was the first time she 'd heard him speak , and the sexy voice fit him perfectly . 
 she nodded and smiled at him , her gaze roaming over his handsome face , which had dimples on either side of his perfect mouth and full lips and a faded scar above his left eyebrow . 
 but even as she admired the view , she never lost sight of cara , knowing her friend would do the same for her . 
 mike pressed his front against cara 's back in a more intimate touch . 
 before alexa could even wince , cara whirled on her ex with a surprised then furious spark in her eyes . 
 the music was too loud for alexa to hear much so she inched closer , remaining vigilant and on call . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 cara asked , her voice tinged with the pain alexa knew she 'd suffered ever since mike 's abrupt departure . 
 `` i 'm back . '' 
 his gaze never left cara 's . 
 `` good for you , '' she said with deliberate sarcasm . 
 he appeared as worn and ragged as cara had earlier , before alexa had forced a dance session on her friend . 
 cara perched her hands on her hips . 
 `` and you thought you could wrap your arms around me and pick up where we left off ? '' 
 she asked , her voice rising . 
 oh , go girl ! 
 alexa thought , stopping short of clapping , because cara was n't greeting mike with open arms . 
 as a cop , cara could handle herself in any situation , but as a woman , she was more fragile . 
 yet she would n't let any man , including this one , walk all over her . 
 alexa was proud of her friend . 
 serendipity , new york , was a small town , and mike was the former police chief whose sudden departure had sparked many wagging tongues . 
 add the now loud discussion between exes and , sure enough , cara and mike were attracting stares from the crowd . 
 alexa knew they needed closure , but they did n't have to do it in front of an audience . 
 time to put an end to the show , alexa thought . 
 figuring she 'd buy her friend some time to handle this on her own terms , she tapped cara on the shoulder . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 alexa asked . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 but the hurt in cara 's blue eyes told another story . 
 `` can we go somewhere and talk ? '' 
 mike asked her . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 cara blinked in obvious shock . 
 `` let 's get something straight . 
 i do n't know why you 're here or for how long and i do n't care . 
 but i will not be your booty call every time you come back to town . '' 
 alexa stifled a grin . 
 behind her , she sensed her former dance partner was still there , watching the scene unfold , and alexa spared a moment 's regret for having to ditch him this way . 
 but he was a momentary diversion , while cara 's friendship was forever . 
 and no self-respecting woman abandoned a friend in need for a man . 
 `` cara - '' mike reached for her but she pushed him away , shoving at his shoulder . 
 `` no . '' 
 cara jerked out of his reach . 
 alexa moved closer . 
 `` i 'm going to the ladies ' room , '' she said , tipping her head toward the back of the bar . 
 the silent do you want to join me ? 
 was implied . 
 she wanted to give cara options before dragging her away . 
 mike whispered in cara 's ear , something alexa could n't hear , but cara shook her head . 
 alexa turned , shooting a regretful glance at the man she 'd never actually meet . 
 `` sorry . 
 friendship calls . '' 
 she smiled at him , wishing they 'd had more time . 
 he nodded in surprising understanding and gestured with a sweep of his hand . 
 `` it was a pleasure , '' he said , the words dancing along her nerve endings , similar to the way his touch had branded her skin . 
 she held his stare for a few more precious seconds before breaking eye contact and focusing on cara , who , though torn , would thank alexa later for stepping in . 
 `` let 's go , '' she said to her friend , and steered them through the crowd toward the restroom , leaving her sexy dance partner behind . 
 * * * lucas thompson watched his dance partner walk off , her hips swaying , her delectable derriere displayed to perfection in her tight black leggings . 
 he liked what he saw . 
 hell , he 'd liked what he 'd felt even more . 
 she was n't too skinny , like the nfl groupies who usually followed him around back home ; her waist felt soft and generous in his hands . 
 he groaned and headed to the bar . 
 a cold drink would cool him off before he went to his buddy 's house somewhere in this small upstate new york town . 
 luke was here for a visit but his ex-teammate sawyer rhodes would n't show up till late tonight . 
 he was busy getting his father settled into an assisted living facility today . 
 sawyer 's plan was to stick around , fix up his father 's house , and put it on the market . 
 since luke was in manhattan for meetings with his agent , he 'd taken sawyer up on his offer to stay with him instead of in some sterile hotel room in the city . 
 as pro football players , they both had enough of that when they were on the road . 
 he 'd help sawyer out for as long as he was in town . 
 luke had pulled into the parking lot , planning to grab a beer and maybe some wings at joe 's bar . 
 dancing had n't been on his agenda . 
 then again neither was the russet-haired woman who 'd captured his attention . 
 she 'd been a surprise in many ways , the most pleasant being that she had n't recognized him as the tight-end of the texas titans . 
 either she was n't a sports fan or she was more into her hometown team , the one to which sawyer had recently been traded . 
 which meant her invitation to dance had been based purely on mutual attraction . 
 even before he 'd seen her up close , and taken in those sea green eyes and the smattering of freckles on her nose , his gut told him the woman was more wholesome than any who 'd crossed his path in way too long . 
 he 'd been watching her shake those hips with undisguised interest , and when she 'd crooked her finger his way , his c ** k had jumped in delight . 
 `` want to keep a running tab ? '' 
 the bartender asked as he set luke 's soda on the counter . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 'll settle now . '' 
 he 'd already had a long day of meetings . 
 between his agent and the potential sponsors he 'd lined up for luke to meet with , then the hours ' drive up here , luke was beat . 
 before taking off , he looked around for his woman-he chuckled at the term ; he had n't learned her name so it seemed to fit . 
 he found her standing on the other side of the room , deep in conversation with the same guy who 'd been hassling her friend earlier . 
 her friend , a pretty brunette , was nowhere in sight . 
 apparently luke 's dance partner was mediating a dispute between the two . 
 luke shrugged , tamping down the disappointment . 
 at a glance , she did n't strike him as a one-night-stand kind of woman , although considering the way she let him grind against her on the dance floor , who knew where the night would have ended if they had n't been interrupted . 
 unfortunately , he 'd never know . 
 he set a twenty on the counter and waited for the bartender to make his way back to his end of the bar , which took a while since the place did a steady business . 
 finally , luke got his change , left a tip , and started for the door at the same time someone ran inside shouting . 
 `` alexa ! 
 get out back now . 
 cara needs a doctor ! '' 
 to luke 's surprise , his onetime dance partner turned and bolted toward the rear exit . 
 a doctor . 
 something about the information made him grin . 
 luke could n't stop the impulse to follow the crowd out back . 
 alexa-he knew her name now-knelt by her friend , the woman she 'd been so protective of . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he asked the man next to him . 
 `` cara was attacked . '' 
 the guy , who appeared about the same age as luke 's almost thirty , suddenly eyed him warily . 
 `` you 're not from around here , are you ? '' 
 he hailed from a small town himself , where everyone knew everyone else , so this man 's distrust did n't surprise him . 
 luke shook his head . 
 `` no , sir . 
 here to stay with a friend . '' 
 he was n't about to mention sawyer 's name , not wanting to draw any attention to himself as a pro athlete while he was here . 
 `` but i was dancing with alexa earlier , '' luke said , more to reassure the man that he was n't a part of whatever had gone down here . 
 `` i see . '' 
 the man nodded slowly , seeming to take luke at his word . 
 `` well , she 's the best doctor we have . 
 she 'll be running university hospital one day when her father steps down . '' 
 before the man could continue , a siren sounded in the distance , the noise growing closer and making it impossible to continue the conversation . 
 the paramedics arrived and things got even more hectic . 
 they loaded cara onto a stretcher and alexa went in the ambulance , after insisting the ex-boyfriend meet her there with his car . 
 alexa had been too preoccupied to even realize luke was in the group of people surrounding them , and soon the ambulance doors slammed shut and the vehicle sped away . 
 the crowd slowly dispersed , the fun gone from the night . 
 luke climbed into his car and turned on the engine . 
 the directions to sawyer 's place were in his gps , yet instead of turning it on , he picked up the southern route on the highway he 'd taken here , and exited at signs for the hospital . 
 the same exit he 'd passed on his way to serendipity . 
 he parked near the emergency entrance and scratched his head , asking himself what the hell he thought he was doing . 
 the woman was a stranger to him but she intrigued him on a level no woman ever had . 
 and that was saying something , considering the smorgasbord of choices laid out for him over the years . 
 he 'd enjoyed it when he was younger , but he 'd be thirty next month and he was over the lifestyle that came with the fame . 
 the booze , the women , the occasional bar fight . 
 so . 
 over . 
 it . 
 his teammates called him an old man . 
 so be it . 
 luke knew he could take each one in a fight and still have energy left over . 
 he just knew there was more to life than partying and he was ready to find it . 
 whatever it was . 
 right now , it was alexa . 
 he 'd first seen her as a sexy woman with haunting green eyes and a hot body that luke was damned attracted to . 
 she 'd transformed into a loyal friend who 'd given up a sure thing-since luke could n't see himself turning her down if she 'd wanted to hook up-in order to look out for a pal . 
 then later , she 'd morphed again , this time into an in-control doctor , capable of putting away her emotions and treating her unconscious friend . 
 in the span of thirty minutes , luke discovered alexa was not just beautiful but multifaceted , and as a result , she 'd captivated him completely . 
 he could n't leave without finding out if her friend was okay and how she was doing after the night 's crazy events . 
 although , as he walked through the sliding er doors , luke had to ask himself if he was n't a little crazy himself , pursuing a perfect stranger he 'd never really met . 
 chapter two once alexa checked cara over and had tests run , she diagnosed her friend with a concussion and a bruised trachea . 
 the abusive bastard who 'd attacked cara had done so because he 'd blamed her for his wife leaving him , not only because cara was a police officer but because she was a human being who 'd cared enough to take the woman under her wing . 
 now he was behind bars and denied bail , so cara was safe from the man . 
 as for mike , alexa had stuck around to make sure his presence did n't upset cara , but with the sedative , she was out cold . 
 and mike had sat by her bedside all night , never leaving . 
 alexa snoozed in the on-call room , waking up to check on things before allowing herself more sleep time . 
 by the time eight a.m. rolled around , she 'd all but forgiven mike , knowing he would do anything to repair his relationship with cara . 
 alexa had no more reason to stay . 
 she stopped by the nurses ' station and wrote down discharge instructions , then ran through them with the nurse assigned to cara 's room . 
 `` and now , i 'm leaving . 
 call me if something urgent comes up , otherwise i 'm indisposed . '' 
 she stretched her arms over her head and yawned . 
 `` i need a good meal and a couple of solid hours of uninterrupted sleep . '' 
 though at this point , she did n't know which would happen first . 
 she might fall facedown before she ever ate . 
 emily , an older nurse who 'd been on staff when alexa 's father was first starting out , shook her head . 
 `` honey , you need more than that if you 're going to get a glow back in those cheeks . 
 do you even know what the word vacation means ? '' 
 alexa laughed . 
 `` not really . 
 the chief of staff here drives me pretty hard , you know . '' 
 emily frowned . 
 `` that father of yours is going to work you into an early grave , and for what ? 
 to keep a collins in charge of this hospital ? '' 
 a buzzer sounded , distracting the older woman , and she glanced down . 
 `` that 'll be mrs. evans in two eleven . 
 i swear she better need more than her pillow fluffed or i 'm going to scream . '' 
 alexa laughed as emily walked away , but her words lingered . 
 during these weeks of alexa 's discontent , there had been many issues she could n't verbalize , even to herself . 
 there were simple things in life that other people took for granted , things that alexa just did n't have time for , like a regular social life , dating , or even a relaxing night with a friend . 
 she gathered her jacket and purse , and headed for the elevator . 
 with her mind clear of worry about cara , alexa 's thoughts immediately strayed to the sexy stranger who 'd danced with her last night . 
 the man who 'd given her more in thirty minutes of dancing than she 'd had in years . 
 her body tightened at the reminder of that too short carefree moment . 
 serendipity did n't get many strangers passing through , so chances were she 'd never see him again . 
 the sad fact was , even if they did cross paths , alexa had no time for sex . 
 but if their chemistry was any indication , he 'd be so worth her making the time for . 
 which brought her thoughts full circle . 
 no time for sex , no time for a future . 
 that was what she 'd been trying so hard not to dwell on . 
 but the sad truth was , the longer she accepted her father 's mantra , that a collins puts work first always , along with his plans for her future , the less likelihood there would be of her ever getting married . 
 having children , a family . 
 and emily was right about working herself to death , even if the other woman did n't mean it literally . 
 there were some days alexa barely remembered crawling into bed at night because she was so exhausted from being on her feet at the er . 
 exactly how she was feeling now . 
 she stepped out of the elevator and pushed through the doors of the waiting room that led to the exit , when she heard her name spoken in a sexy drawl that could only belong to one person . 
 one man . 
 `` alexa , '' he repeated . 
 she turned to stare into a pair of golden brown eyes , which were once again focused on her . 
 `` you 're here , '' she said , sounding as shocked as she felt . 
 `` are you sick ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` just waitin ' for you . '' 
 she blinked in surprise . 
 he grinned . 
 `` i was beginning to think you 'd gone out another door but the guard there assured me you 'd have to pass this way . '' 
 he folded his arms across his broad chest . 
 `` so i waited . '' 
 `` you 're here for me ? '' 
 a wave of pleasure rolled through her that was so strong and unique , she almost did n't recognize it . 
 `` are you the pretty lady who danced with me last night ? '' 
 he asked with a wink . 
 a hot flush rose to her cheeks and she managed a nod . 
 `` same one who ditched me in favor of a friend ? '' 
 he continued teasing her . 
 before she could reply he added , `` i admire loyalty , by the way . '' 
 `` i - '' `` i 'll take that as a yes , that was you . 
 and by your scrubs , i 'd say you 're the same woman who turned out to be one hot doctor . 
 which means , yes , i 'm here for you . '' 
 alexa felt flattered and steamrolled all at the same time . 
 `` why ? '' 
 why would he stick around all night and wait for her this morning ? 
 `` been asking myself that same question in between z 's . 
 the best i can come up with is that you intrigued me , we clicked , i wanted to know if your friend was okay - '' `` she is . '' 
 and he was sweeping her off her feet with very little effort . 
 `` you cared about my friend ? '' 
 `` i cared about you . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` yeah , i know . 
 short time , crazy thing . 
 i 'm guessing after pulling an all-nighter you need breakfast ? '' 
 whatever exhaustion she 'd been experiencing had since disappeared . 
 `` that would be great , '' she said . 
 `` breakfast , i mean . '' 
 he grinned , obviously pleased . 
 `` since i 'm not from around here , you 're going to have to recommend someplace . '' 
 there was only one diner in serendipity . 
 `` there 's a place called the family restaurant on the edge of town . '' 
 unfortunately , she 'd left her car at joe 's , and though she wanted to have breakfast with this man , she did n't think getting into a car with a stranger was all that smart . 
 `` listen , i do n't really know you so i 'm not going to get into your car . '' 
 he immediately extended his hand . 
 `` luke thompson . '' 
 `` alexa collins , '' she said , noticing how much smaller her hand was as she placed her palm against his . 
 instant awareness sizzled along her nerve endings at their handshake , telling her that last night 's electricity had n't been a fluke . 
 they were chemically compatible . 
 now , if she could make sure he was n't a serial killer or stalker , she 'd be all set , she thought wryly . 
 `` i 'm a friend of sawyer rhodes . 
 does that help ? '' 
 he asked . 
 a small town was a small town . 
 `` the football player , '' alexa said , nodding . 
 `` i 'm staying with him for a couple of days to help clean out his father 's house . '' 
 she recalled her father mentioning something about recommending retirement homes . 
 `` did mr. rhodes move to assisted living ? '' 
 `` yesterday , '' luke confirmed . 
 `` so you know them ? '' 
 `` i know the family , '' she murmured . 
 `` good enough of a reference for me to drive you to breakfast ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she could n't stop the smile he inspired . 
 `` well if you 're a friend of the rhodeses , i guess you 're safe enough . '' 
 he let out a laugh . 
 `` darlin ' , i do n't know many people who 'd call me safe . '' 
 and with the way his hot gaze devoured hers , she could n't say she felt safe , either . 
 the alexa she 'd become did n't take chances , did n't date , and she certainly did n't give up sleep for a meal . 
 she did n't crook her finger and invite a sexy stranger to grind with her on the dance floor , either . 
 but the alexa she was around this man apparently did all those things ... and looked forward to doing even more . 
 * * * luke liked a woman with a healthy appetite , something he rarely saw unless he was home with his mother and sisters . 
 alexa ordered a serious meal : scrambled eggs , two pancakes , bacon , a large glass of orange juice , and coffee . 
 he was n't sure what he enjoyed more , eating his omelette or watching her devour her breakfast . 
 she did n't seem the least bit concerned about what he might think , and by the time they 'd finished their food , he had yet another reason to like this woman . 
 `` oh my god , i was starving , '' she said , wiping her mouth with a napkin and finally coming up for air . 
 he grinned . 
 `` feeling better ? '' 
 she nodded , eyes sparkling . 
 `` definitely got my second wind . '' 
 her words hit him in the gut . 
 he could think of a lot of things they could do to make use of that newfound energy . 
 instead , he did the unexpected , even to himself , and settled in to get to know her better . 
 `` so your friend 's okay ? '' 
 alexa 's gaze softened . 
 `` yes , thank god . '' 
 `` and things better with her guy ? '' 
 `` probably not yet , but if mike has his way they will be . '' 
 alexa spent the next few minutes explaining to him how mike had what she called `` sticking '' issues , but that she 'd never seen him so intent on making things right . 
 `` so i 'll give him that chance . 
 but if he hurts her again , i 'll remind him i 'm an expert with a scalpel . '' 
 luke made a mental note to remember that , too . 
 `` bloodthirsty ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` just not squeamish . 
 i 've been around medicine since i was born . 
 my father 's a doctor , too . '' 
 he nodded , enjoying this glimpse into who she was . 
 `` and you followed in his footsteps ? '' 
 `` it was mandatory , '' she said , taking a sip of her freshly refilled coffee . 
 `` especially after mom died and i had no one to stick up for what i might want , '' she admitted . 
 `` how old were you ? '' 
 `` ten . '' 
 he winced , unable to imagine his sisters getting through their teenage years without their mother 's steadying influence . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` thanks . 
 how about you ? '' 
 she asked , clearly deflecting . 
 `` parents ? 
 siblings ? '' 
 `` hmm . 
 both parents still alive and married , and three sisters . '' 
 she opened her mouth , then closed it again . 
 `` and you came out a jock anyway ? '' 
 she asked , laughing . 
 he grinned . 
 `` my dad was the high school football coach and i was the oldest . 
 all pretty much worked in my favor . '' 
 his mom got her girls to fuss over and his dad worked hard kicking luke 's butt and nurturing his talent . 
 `` you were lucky , '' she murmured . 
 `` yeah , i was . '' 
 `` did you always know you wanted to play football ? '' 
 she asked , leaning closer , clearly interested in his answer . 
 interested in him . 
 he nodded . 
 `` pretty much . 
 it came naturally and i always loved it . 
 still do . 
 not just the playing but everything about the life . 
 how about you , doctor ? '' 
 `` the idea of being a doctor ? 
 yeah , that i wanted . 
 a lot . 
 the reality ? '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` it 's been a lot tougher than i thought . '' 
 `` the actual work ? 
 the hours ? 
 or what ? '' 
 she leaned back in her seat with a full-blown sigh . 
 `` i love medicine . 
 i love to treat people , kids especially . 
 but my path has n't been pediatrics . 
 ever since i came back to town , my dad pulled me into his practice , his hospital , grooming me to be his successor as chief of staff . 
 so i work the er , i help out with the administrative duties , i oversee doctors and nurses and shifts and or schedules . 
 and because i do n't want to lose touch with medicine , i keep hours at the office with patients . '' 
 `` does n't sound like you have much time left for you . '' 
 `` you caught that , huh ? '' 
 she laughed . 
 even knowing her less than twenty-four hours , luke knew the sound was forced . 
 `` you were out dancing last night . '' 
 `` that was an effort to get cara out of the house so she 'd stop thinking about mike . 
 i had to get someone to cover for me in order to do it . '' 
 `` does n't the hospital have enough doctors to give you more normal hours ? '' 
 he asked , understanding that the weariness in her expression obviously came from more than being up all last night with her friend . 
 `` not if i do n't want someone else to usurp the position my father 's been grooming me for . '' 
 he noted she did n't say it was the position she wanted . 
 but it was n't his place to point that out . 
 she was a big girl and if her life made her unhappy , she 'd change it . 
 `` you looked like you were enjoying yourself last night . 
 before the excitement went down , '' he amended . 
 `` i made time to go out for cara 's sake but once i hit the dance floor , i realized how much i needed the break . 
 and then i caught sight of you . '' 
 her voice dropped , the slightly breathless hitch catching him off guard , in some ways as reassuring as it was sexy . 
 she studied him intently , making luke wonder what was going on in that beautiful head of hers . 
 and she was beautiful . 
 even without much sleep , little makeup , and in hospital scrubs , alexa collins , with her gleaming chestnut hair , creamy skin , and intelligent eyes , stood out . 
 but it was more than her looks , though he liked staring at her . 
 he enjoyed talking to her , too . 
 and thinking back on their dancing had him itching to get his hands on the body he 'd barely touched the night before . 
 `` what happened when you caught sight of me ? '' 
 he pressed her to continue because she 'd invited him onto the dance floor with her . 
 because she 'd let him get close enough to turn them both on . 
 and because she 'd agreed to have breakfast with him this morning . 
 the waitress had just set the check on the table and luke knew where he wanted them to end up next . 
 he just was n't sure she 'd be on board . 
 then again , she 'd been staring at him on and off throughout the meal , her interest as obvious as his . 
 the chemistry was still there , alive and brewing with an intensity he 'd never experienced , not in an ordinary setting like this diner . 
 hell , not in any place at any time . 
 something different was happening between them , and he wondered if she felt it , too . 
 she bit into her lower lip , making him wonder if that fleshy portion was as soft as it looked . 
 if she 'd taste sweet like the maple syrup on her pancakes . 
 `` when i looked at you , everything around me disappeared , '' she said softly , her words more sugary than he 'd hoped . 
 she reached out and placed her hand over his . 
 `` come home with me ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he had n't expected her to be so blunt , but she 'd described her life as hectic and without much time for herself . 
 if she wanted something , she 'd have to reach out and take it when she could . 
 she obviously viewed him as her break , an escape from daily life , and the irony of it was , that was exactly what he wanted to give her . 
 `` darlin ' , there 's nothing i 'd like more . '' 
 chapter three as a grown woman , alexa knew what she was doing when she invited luke home . 
 she just could n't believe she 'd done it . 
 she blamed her lack of sleep and the fact that he 'd gotten her to talk about herself , her career , and her lack of personal time . 
 not only had her guard been down , but she 'd been reminded of all that was missing in her life . 
 sitting across the booth from the hottest guy she 'd seen in her lifetime , one who looked at her like she was something special and wanted to eat her up ... how could she not allow herself this one indulgence ? 
 she certainly would n't be working today whether or not luke thompson , pro football player , joined her in bed . 
 although she had n't changed her mind about her invitation , she experienced a twinge of awkwardness as she gave him directions to her house , a small three-bedroom she 'd bought from the bank when the owners foreclosed and moved out of state . 
 she might not spend much time there , but it was home and she 'd done all she could decor-wise to make the house her own . 
 having grown up in one of the larger mansions in the wealthier part of town , in a place her father had turned into an art showcase after her mother died , alexa focused on homey touches instead . 
 white walls , lavender trim , and real plants that needed watering , which was something she made time for each week . 
 as luke followed her into her house , alexa was acutely aware of him taking in his surroundings . 
 `` pretty place , '' he said as she placed her bag and keys onto the foyer table . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 she did n't turn to face him , wondering if she should invite him up to her room . 
 or into the kitchen for a drink first . 
 her gaze fell to the clock on the wall . 
 ugh . 
 it was ten a.m. no drink . 
 she 'd been at the hospital all night and felt grimy . 
 how could she have thought to ask him here ? 
 and now that she had , how did she begin ? 
 did she just jump him in the hallway ? 
 dating a colleague , she 'd done that on occasion . 
 bringing men home ? 
 not ever . 
 she was so out of practice at this sort of thing it was n't funny . 
 her thoughts were all over the place , as were her nerves . 
 and now she could n't stop her mind from going a hundred miles an hour . 
 suddenly she felt him step up behind her , his body heat warm against her back as he pushed her hair off her shoulders . 
 `` relax , '' he said in a deep voice that melted her bones . 
 `` we 've got all day and you 're wound tight . 
 why do n't you go up and shower . 
 i 'll still be here when you 're through . '' 
 how did he know exactly what she needed ? 
 `` okay , '' she said softly . 
 `` it 's going to be so good , '' he promised , then settled his lips settled against her neck and nibbled on her skin . 
 she curled her hands around the edge of the table and bent her head forward , giving him better access . 
 he nipped , licked , and soothed with his tongue . 
 nerves forgotten , she trembled , desire licking at her from the inside out . 
 `` better go , '' he said , his hand cupping her behind . 
 `` unless you want to start this right here . '' 
 with a pained groan , she stepped aside . 
 `` meet me in my bedroom . '' 
 she ran for the stairs and headed up to shower . 
 * * * luke watched alexa walk up the few steps in her split-level house , his eyes on her ass . 
 her body was well hidden in the generous scrubs , yet he found her appealing anyway . 
 with a groan , he shifted his gaze and looked around , not surprised the woman he 'd begun to know had an honest to goodness house with a white picket fence . 
 the color scheme was a soft white and light purple , and the whole place radiated warmth . 
 she was everything-and nothing-like he 'd expected , and unraveling her layers was as exciting to him as a new playbook each season . 
 speaking of plays , giving her time alone had been a strategic move designed to make her more comfortable . 
 yeah , she 'd have time to think too much , but she 'd also be able to pull herself together . 
 and he sensed a woman like her needed to feel good about herself in order to get into bed with a man . 
 he had sisters , and though he refused to think about them having sex , he still knew how nice girls thought . 
 alexa reminded him of his sisters , girls willing to take a walk on the wild side , but who did n't do it often . 
 good girls . 
 the kind he 'd want to see again . 
 and now he was getting ahead of himself . 
 so with a last look around the house , which was pretty but was missing personal touches like family photos-which his mom filled both her house and his apartment with-he headed up to find her bedroom . 
 the sound of running water alerted him to the right room , and he stepped into an ultrafeminine area , draped white curtains , too many frilly pillows , and , of course , purple touches everywhere . 
 he grinned at her consistency . 
 when the shower water shut off , his groin immediately hardened . 
 the next thing he heard was the sounds of her moving around , picking things up , putting them down . 
 he kicked off his shoes and settled onto her bed . 
 he did n't have to wait long . 
 she stepped out of the bathroom . 
 a scent he did n't recognize but would forever associate with this moment seeped out of the bathroom along with the humid air . 
 one look at her and his breath literally fled . 
 her hair , which had been pulled back earlier , was now damp and fell around her face in tangled waves . 
 when wet , the long strands appeared darker , her green eyes standing out against her pale skin even more . 
 she wore a deep purple robe-no surprise-but the rich silk material clung to her curves and parted in a seductive vee that showed more than a generous hint of cle ** age . 
 it ended mid-thigh , and he realized she had long , toned legs . 
 sexy legs . 
 and her pretty , makeup-free features gave him his first glimpse of the real woman beyond the seductress from the dance floor and the competent doctor who 'd taken over in an emergency . 
 a woman he wanted beneath him immediately . 
 he extended his hand and she walked forward , no hesitation in her step , though he definitely saw nerves flickering in her eyes and she paused by the foot of the bed . 
 `` c'mere , darlin ' . '' 
 she eased herself onto the edge of the mattress . 
 `` your texas accent 's stronger when you turn on the charm . '' 
 `` i 'm not turning on anything . 
 i 'm already there , '' he said , hiding nothing in his words . 
 and if she looked at his jeans , she 'd have proof . 
 very hard proof . 
 her lips parted on what sounded like an eager sigh . 
 taking that as his cue , he reached out , hooked an arm around her waist , and rolled her on top of him . 
 she felt good and smelled better . 
 he positioned her over him , her legs draped around his hips , her body above his , ripe and ready for taking . 
 he wrapped his arms around her waist , which had the added bonus of her pressing her warm heat over his aching erection . 
 her eyelids fluttered closed and she arched her back , rocking once , then twice against him , her entire body trembling like she was already on the edge . 
 damn . 
 `` need something ? '' 
 as he asked , he thrust his hips upward . 
 she whimpered something he could n't understand . 
 `` say it again , '' he managed , gritting his teeth and forcing himself to hold on to the last shreds of his control , and it was n't easy . 
 not since high school had a woman gotten him this hard , this fast , ready to go off while still fully dressed . 
 she opened her eyes but did n't meet his gaze . 
 `` it 's been so long for me , '' she said , her cheeks pinkening at the admission . 
 he swallowed hard , not wanting to think too deep on that . 
 `` then i 'd better make it good for you , '' he said , before finally kissing that gorgeous mouth . 
 her lips touched his and immediately parted , the kiss going from zero to one eighty in seconds . 
 she fit against him perfectly , kissed like a dream , and drank from him like she 'd been starving for a taste of him for years . 
 he held her head in position and took everything she was willing to give . 
 and she gave plenty , her tongue twirling against his , her lower body in motion , and soon they were going at it like kids in the backseat of a car . 
 he slid his hand beneath her robe , expecting a silken barrier . 
 instead he found heaven . 
 warm , moist heat greeted him and he slid his finger inside her wet sheath . 
 she groaned and kissed him harder , her hips grinding in insistent circles against him while he thrust his fingers deeper . 
 she stiffened and cried out , coming apart around him , over him , and completely overwhelming him with the intensity and swiftness of her orgasm . 
 her body trembled for a while after , and he held on until she rolled off him , propping herself up on one elbow . 
 her gaze was soft on his . 
 `` that was amazing . '' 
 `` glad you liked it . '' 
 he made quick work of the robe , peeling the silk off her shoulders , revealing her body to him for the first time . 
 luke might be a jock but he was never at a loss for words . 
 this glimpse of her did it . 
 pale from lack of sun , her skin was porcelainlike in sheen , gleaming with a mixture of dampness and moisturized beauty . 
 `` perfect , '' he said , stroking his finger over one dusky nipple . 
 she moaned and he dipped his head for a taste . 
 her fragrant scent surrounded him , providing an added sensual high , as if he were n't already feeling enough . 
 luke 's tongue swirled around her nipple , laving over her breast . 
 the tiny bud tightened and a shudder hit her hard . 
 so damned responsive , he could watch her come over and over again without getting bored . 
 alexa had never felt so much . 
 a lick , a touch from luke , and she felt the pull from her nipple to her core , becoming fully aroused all over again . 
 wonder overwhelmed her and she arched against him , seeking more . 
 she was a one orgasm a night-or in this case day-kind of woman . 
 normally she did n't think much of it , but the steady beat between her thighs made her hope that , just maybe , she was n't finished yet . 
 she liked the thought . 
 she also appreciated that he 'd made her come first , which had the effect of relaxing her and making her more comfortable around him . 
 and completely ready . 
 she wanted more of him , wanted him inside her . 
 but she was n't selfish . 
 aware he was doing all the giving , alexa levered herself up onto her knees . 
 `` your turn , '' she said in a husky voice she barely recognized . 
 `` undress . '' 
 his golden brown eyes met hers . 
 without hesitating , he sat up and pulled off his shirt , giving her a glimpse of tanned skin , muscles that showed how hard he worked on his physique , and a sprinkling of light brown hair that covered his sexy chest . 
 she swallowed hard , her gaze never wandering as he reached for the button on his jeans . 
 he stood , shucked them off , and returned to bed gloriously naked , completely erect , and so very , very male . 
 he took her breath away and , hesitantly , she reached for him . 
 he grasped her wrist and placed her hand against his chest . 
 his heart beat out a rapid rhythm that she knew was all for her . 
 she added her other hand , soaking up his hard heat . 
 `` it 's your turn , '' she said again , trailing a path downward with her hand . 
 `` i 'm not keepin ' count . 
 that said , i 'm not going to argue , either . '' 
 he pulled her against him and she got lost in another kiss that shot her ability to think to high heaven . 
 he surrounded her with his lips , his body , his scent , and when he eased her down to the bed , all she could do was feel his strength-and his impressive erection at the juncture of her thighs . 
 she sighed at the brief contact , flesh against flesh , the tip of him merely grazing her most sensitive parts . 
 `` condom , '' she managed . 
 `` shit . '' 
 he raised his head . 
 `` i was going to buy them in the hospital store but i figured you 'd think that was too cocky . '' 
 `` i have some , '' she murmured . 
 but not for the reasons he probably thought . 
 `` i sometimes guest at the high school , teaching sex ed . 
 got ta have condoms if you want teenagers to get the safe sex talk . '' 
 he tipped his head back and laughed . 
 `` damn , i 'd have liked to learn sex ed from someone who looked like you . '' 
 he chuckled some more before sobering . 
 `` where are they ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` my purse . '' 
 she pointed to the dresser across the room . 
 he rose and returned in a flash , handing her the bag . 
 she reached inside and handed him a foil packet . 
 he tore it open and sheathed himself by the time she 'd tossed her purse onto the floor . 
 then he was back , his big body over hers , staring into her eyes at the same time he thrust deep , penetrating her hard and fast . 
 she sucked in a breath and he stilled . 
 `` breathe , darlin ' . 
 and relax . '' 
 his warm voice reverberated through her . 
 `` it 's been a while , '' she said , repeating herself . 
 he stroked her cheek with the back of his hand and she responded instantly , her entire body easing , growing accustomed to him . 
 `` that 's it , '' he murmured . 
 just the sound of his voice had her relaxing , and soon he was able to move inside her easily . 
 his eyes darkened and he picked up rhythm , gliding in and out as if he were made to be there , arousing her body with every perfect thrust until the sensations took her back to the peak of pleasure . 
 she met his eager thrusts , sought harder , deeper penetration , and he complied . 
 his hips pumped faster , hitting just the right spot , and just as he groaned and came hard , alexa joined him , sparks flying as she came-again-harder than she ever had in her entire life . 
 * * * luke woke up in an unfamiliar place . 
 he took stock and realized immediately he was n't drunk , thought back to yesterday and grinned . 
 he was in alexa collins 's bed in her pretty purple bedroom . 
 normally , waking up in a one-night stand 's house would bother him , but alexa was n't his typical hookup . 
 in fact , she did n't feel like a one-nighter at all . 
 they 'd spent the day in her bed , ordered in chinese for dinner , ate , and had more sex in her living room , followed by another round in her bed , before he fell asleep with her cuddled into him . 
 he woke up this morning feeling pretty darn good . 
 luke did n't understand it , probably because he 'd never experienced anything like it-anyone like her . 
 he might not get it , but he knew one thing for sure-he was n't finished with the good doctor just yet . 
 he rolled over , only to find the other side of the bed empty . 
 he patted the sheet and groaned . 
 not just empty . 
 cold . 
 she 'd obviously been up and gone awhile . 
 well , was n't that a kicker . 
 the first time he wanted more from a woman , she obviously did n't care enough to wake him to say good-bye . 
 he rose from the bed and discovered a note on top of his clothes , which alexa had folded and placed on her dresser . 
 thanks for last night . 
 emergency at hospital . 
 let yourself out . 
 a. well damn . 
 chapter four `` are you sure your father was n't a hoarder ? '' 
 luke asked sawyer , as they lugged yet more boxes of admitted crap from the basement out to the curb . 
 sawyer dropped his box with a groan . 
 `` no comment . '' 
 the day had dawned sunny and hot for a july morning in new york . 
 `` you know what 's in these things ? '' 
 luke asked as he wiped the sweat from his forehead with the back of his arm . 
 `` fishing magazines . 
 now can we talk about something else ? 
 like where the hell have you been ? '' 
 `` when did you become my goddamned mother ? 
 i called to tell you i would n't be here till later this morning . '' 
 `` you also said you met someone . 
 then you walked in here and not a word about it . 
 serendipity 's a small town . 
 chances are i know her . 
 so tell me more . '' 
 luke had no intention of standing around and gossiping like a girl . 
 ignoring his buddy , he headed back to the house for another load of trash . 
 `` was she any good ? '' 
 sawyer asked , pushing for answers . 
 not that luke blamed him . 
 in the past , they 'd never hesitated to share information if they picked up a hot chick after a game or out of town . 
 thing was , it 'd been a long while since luke had been on that path . 
 the same for sawyer . 
 so maybe that explained the other man 's interest . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 dry spell so bad you have to live vicariously through me ? '' 
 luke asked as sawyer caught up to him inside the house . 
 sawyer opened the fridge and tossed luke a vitaminwater , then took one himself and chugged it down before meeting luke 's gaze . 
 `` touchy and secretive about a hookup with a tramp who does n't mind doing you not twenty-four hours after meeting you . '' 
 luke clenched his teeth and silently counted to ten , reminding himself that this was sawyer 's way of provoking him into replying . 
 sawyer was n't mr. sensitive , but he was n't a jackass about women , either . 
 `` not going there , '' luke said . 
 he was n't in the right frame of mind to talk about alexa . 
 truth be told , he was pissed she 'd left him alone in her bed . 
 the least she could have done was wake him before she headed out . 
 sad thing was , he 'd done it to many women in the past , never thinking how shitty it would feel to be on the other end . 
 and maybe some women could handle it . 
 hell , if certain females had left his bed before he woke up he 'd have been one happy man , not that he 'd tempted fate by letting them stay . 
 he knew better than to set up expectations . 
 and maybe that 's why he felt so crappy now . 
 one-night stand or not , he liked her enough to see her again . 
 clearly she did n't feel the same and that sucked . 
 `` hey . 
 i 'm serious . 
 who is it ? 
 obviously she got to you , and if i know her , maybe i can help . '' 
 sawyer hopped up on the counter . 
 now that sawyer realized luke was really bothered , he 'd cut the bullshit . 
 and that was the friend luke would talk to . 
 `` alexa collins , '' luke finally said . 
 sawyer 's mouth opened wide . 
 `` no shit ? 
 the doctor ? '' 
 `` one and the same . '' 
 his friend let out a slow whistle . 
 `` you do n't mess round . 
 class all the way . 
 no wonder she got to you . '' 
 luke downed half the bottle of vitaminwater and let it stand as his answer . 
 sawyer was right . 
 alexa had gotten to him and he did n't know what to do about it . 
 `` do you know her ? '' 
 `` her dad 's my father 's doctor and he spent a lot of time with my old man over the past couple of months . 
 when i was around , i picked up some things . '' 
 `` like ? '' 
 he propped a hip against the counter and waited . 
 `` she 's an all work , no play kind of woman . 
 does n't seem like you 'd have much in common there . '' 
 sawyer raised an eyebrow . 
 `` then you 'd be wrong . '' 
 they 'd hit it off . 
 everything about her interested him . 
 `` from her perspective it sounded more like her father had pushed her in the career direction she took . 
 it 's expected of her but i 'm not sure she 's that happy with the end result . '' 
 `` her old man says she 's taking over as chief of staff at university hospital when he retires . 
 she 's a shoo-in with the board . 
 and to keep herself there , she has no playtime . 
 hell , man . 
 i do n't think she knows how to play . '' 
 `` oh , she knows how , '' luke muttered . 
 sawyer laughed hard at that . 
 `` i take it you would know . '' 
 `` not goin ' there , '' luke repeated . 
 `` yeah , protective and silent . 
 she got to you . 
 so what are you going to do about it ? '' 
 luke tipped his head back and stared at the ceiling . 
 `` if i were smart ? 
 nothing . '' 
 `` why the hell not ? '' 
 `` i live in texas , man . 
 she 's from here . 
 i ought to leave it as a one-night stand . '' 
 the thought made him want to puke . 
 that right there was a sign . 
 `` but you wo n't . '' 
 luke shook his head . 
 `` no , i wo n't . '' 
 `` got a plan ? '' 
 only what had been kicking around in his head since sawyer told him alexa was known as an all work , no play kind of woman . 
 luke shrugged and replied , `` i 'm gon na teach her how to have fun . '' 
 * * * after the night she spent with luke , alexa bounced through her rounds of patients in the morning and her meetings after , and she was still bouncing on a high when her father caught up with her right before lunch . 
 her body still tingled in all the best places . 
 long-neglected places . 
 places that were now happy and thanking a certain football player for making them come alive . 
 `` alexa , what 's this i hear about you treating children at the youth center downtown ? '' 
 alan collins was a good-looking man , with dark brown hair that had only a hint of silver , and distinguished features . 
 unfortunately his perpetual scowl and all-business attitude turned many people off and prevented them from seeing some of his finer qualities . 
 he 'd raised her alone and though he 'd directed her life , she 'd never doubted that he loved her . 
 she 'd certainly seen those qualities when she was a child ; she just had n't been the recipient of them recently . 
 her father had lost his ability to enjoy life , something else he was trying hard to pass onto his daughter . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he asked , when she did n't answer right away . 
 she placed the stack of folders down on the top of the counter at the nurses ' station . 
 she should have known he 'd get word of her activities last weekend . 
 `` strep was going around , some of the kids were n't feeling well , and i offered to take a look . '' 
 `` did you use hospital supplies to do it ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she straightened her shoulders . 
 `` no , i did not . 
 i paid for those supplies with my own money , and how dare you suggest otherwise . '' 
 `` did it not occur to you that you could treat paying patients with your time ? '' 
 a steady pain began to throb in her temple . 
 `` then sick children would go untreated . '' 
 `` their parents could take them to their pediatrician and pay there . '' 
 those same parents sent their kids to the youth center so they could work , even on the weekends , not that her father would understand . 
 `` i do n't have to account to you for my time off . '' 
 she turned to the nurse behind her , who was blatantly eavesdropping . 
 `` can you please make sure you mark down all the medication changes i made so my patients get their correct doses ? '' 
 she patted the charts she 'd finished with . 
 `` yes , dr. collins . '' 
 the other woman picked up the folders and walked away . 
 alexa turned back to her father . 
 `` now , as i was saying - '' `` if you have enough time to treat gratis , perhaps i should give you more hours in the er . '' 
 she clenched her jaw and breathed in deep , deciding to ignore his bluster and call him on his complete lack of emotion when it came to the important things in alexa 's life . 
 `` did you happen to hear who i spent the night before last treating ? '' 
 her father blinked . 
 `` i have n't checked the roster of patients . '' 
 `` what about town news ? 
 did you hear that cara was attacked ? '' 
 `` cara ? '' 
 `` hartley . 
 my best friend , '' she reminded him . 
 since alexa was from the wealthier side of town and serendipity kids tended to run in cliques , alexa had n't grown up hanging in the same circles as cara , and she was a few years older . 
 but when she 'd returned to serendipity after med school , she and cara had become reacquainted and grew close . 
 not that her father paid attention to his daughter 's friends . 
 `` an abusive ass ** le almost strangled her behind joe 's . 
 i spent all night treating and worrying about her , and all you can talk to me about is that i treated sick children , as if there 's something wrong with that ? '' 
 alexa asked , her voice rising . 
 `` alexa , darlin ' , glad i found you , '' a familiar voice said . 
 luke . 
 she glanced away from her father only to realize luke must have come over while they were arguing and she had n't noticed . 
 she 'd been too busy making a spectacle , something that luke , from the pissed-off look in his eyes , had obviously noticed . 
 `` am i interrupting something ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 her father eyed luke warily . 
 alexa swallowed over the answer that came to mind . 
 dad , meet the hot guy i picked up at joe 's , took home for wild sex , then left sleeping in my bed this morning . 
 she had no doubt what alan collins would think about the way his daughter had chosen to spend her day off yesterday . 
 or the night that followed . 
 he would n't appreciate her choice any more than she 'd figured luke would appreciate the note she 'd left him , one she 'd deliberately kept brusque enough that he would n't think she was a clingy female . 
 she 'd tossed in a little white lie about having an emergency so she 'd have an excuse for slipping out and avoiding the awkward morning after . 
 her plan seemed sound , since she had n't expected to see luke again . 
 even if she 'd thought about running into him , it would n't have been here in the hospital , and definitely not so soon after the best , most explosive night of her life . 
 `` luke thompson , '' he said , extending his hand toward her father . 
 `` dr. alan collins . '' 
 the two men shook hands . 
 `` which still does n't answer my question . 
 who are you and what do you want from my daughter ? '' 
 alexa groaned . 
 she was almost thirty-one years old and her father was acting like he had a right to ask . 
 jesus . 
 `` dad , luke 's a. . . 
 he 's a friend . '' 
 she caught his sizzling gaze and was happy he accepted that description and kept his mouth shut . 
 `` and we 're going to talk . 
 in private . '' 
 `` you have patients to see , '' her father said , inserting himself into the conversation . 
 `` no , i have lunch to eat . '' 
 `` great ! 
 because i came to take you out . 
 i have a picnic basket in the car , '' luke said , having no problem interrupting and disagreeing with the other man . 
 `` it 's chilly outside ! '' 
 alexa whipped her head toward him and looked , really seeing him for the first time . 
 he wore a cream sweater that made his tanned skin even more appealing , and his golden eyes sparkled as if he had some plan in mind . 
 `` my daughter 's right . 
 and she does n't go out for lunch , she eats in the cafeteria so she can be around if she 's needed . '' 
 luke scowled at her father . 
 `` i know it 's cold , darlin ' . 
 i 'm freezing down to my texas bones . 
 but if i 've learned anything in the last twenty-four hours , it 's that you need to loosen up and have fun . 
 so we 're getting out of here and having a picnic lunch somewhere private . 
 then you can come back and work . '' 
 her father stared at luke as if the man had lost his mind . 
 alexa was sure she 'd have been doing the same thing-if she was n't so tempted by both his offer and the man himself . 
 he had n't been put off by her note . 
 he 'd sought her out . 
 planned something special . 
 and then there was the little fact that the vein in her father 's head began throbbing-the one that pulsed harder when she did something he did n't agree with . 
 the devil on her shoulder wanted to stick it to alan and do something that alexa wanted for a change . 
 but more important , the woman inside her that luke had awakened last night was n't going quietly back to sleep . 
 she glanced at luke , hoping to convey both her gratitude and the desire he 'd reignited in one quick look . 
 `` let me get my coat , '' she said . 
 his grin-and the fire in his eyes-assured her he definitely shared her underlying desire . 
 `` alexa , we are n't finished with this conversation , '' her father said . 
 she straightened her shoulders . 
 `` i 'm sure you 're not , dad . 
 but i am . 
 at least for now . '' 
 but one thing she knew for sure : the argument and his pressure would be waiting for her when she returned . 
 * * * now luke knew what alexa was up against when it came to her father and her career . 
 the man was a bastard , and though she stood up to him , it was no wonder she had no time for a social life or any kind of fun . 
 which made his mission all the more worthwhile . 
 sawyer thought luke was insane but he 'd recommended a place where he could take alexa for privacy . 
 he agreed that the family restaurant was the best place for him to pick up sandwiches and chips . 
 luke had a plan . 
 he was in town for a couple of days , and he intended to make good use of them with alexa . 
 he drove her out to the lake at the far edge of serendipity . 
 he parked the car and led her to the cabin on the lake that sawyer 's father owned . 
 the rhodes men used the place for summer fishing but sawyer assured him all he had to do was turn on the heat and the boiler would kick in . 
 alexa had been silent on the drive and he had no doubt she was angsting over leaving work , the argument with her father , and now being alone with him . 
 he hopped out and headed to her side in time to help her out of the high truck . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 she glanced over her shoulder at the rustic cabin behind them . 
 `` whose place is this ? '' 
 `` sawyer and his dad 's . '' 
 luke clasped her hand and led her toward the door . 
 `` let 's get inside , i 'll turn the heat up and go back out for the food . '' 
 `` you really thought this through , '' she murmured as he toyed with the thermostat and , thankfully , the loud rumbling noise indicated they were in business . 
 `` you left me with plenty of time to do it , '' he said , referring to the time after she 'd abandoned him in bed . 
 `` i had an emergency , '' she said , rubbing her hands together , but not meeting his gaze . 
 `` did that emergency involve getting the hell out before you had to face me ? '' 
 he wanted to clear the air before the lie went any further . 
 luke was a light sleeper , and if her phone , beeper , cell , or whatever had gone off , he 'd have heard it . 
 if she was scheduled to be at work , she 'd have just said that . 
 she had n't . 
 besides , luke had used deception often enough in similar situations to recognize it . 
 he wanted to think they were different than any old one-night stand , and right here , right now , he intended to find out if he was right . 
 chapter five luke called her on her deception and alexa reared back in shock . 
 no man had ever questioned her motives or truthfulness before , not in a relationship and not on the job . 
 in fact , she was so used to people respecting her word-well , everyone except her father , and because he respected nobody 's word , he did n't count-she could n't believe this man had seen through her and called her on the lie . 
 it humbled her . 
 it embarrassed her . 
 she forced herself to face him . 
 `` you may be a pro at one-night stands , but i 'm not . 
 i thought it would be easier on both of us if i just left . '' 
 he blinked , obviously startled that she 'd opted for the truth without trying to bluster through . 
 she taught her interns that if they made a mistake , it was better to own up to it and face the consequences . 
 she could do no less in her personal life . 
 his eyes darkened . 
 `` i may have been a pro at it once , but it 's been a long time since i pulled a stunt like that . '' 
 it was her turn to blink . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` yep . 
 you 're not the end of a long line , darlin ' . 
 not by a long shot . '' 
 `` at least not lately . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 she wondered why not and decided not to ask . 
 `` yet despite my leaving , you came after me . '' 
 she bit down on her lower lip , pondering that fact . 
 he 'd done a lot more than just come to talk , too , she thought , taking in the bags filled with food on the counter and the cabin he 'd appropriated the keys for . 
 `` you 're an eye-opener , '' he said , answering her unspoken question . 
 `` i 've been on the doing end , never on the receiving end of waking up alone , and i did n't like what i learned . '' 
 she winced . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` do n't be . 
 i 'm a man who likes to learn a good lesson . 
 and if i thought you left ` cuz you were n't interested , i would n't be here now . '' 
 she could n't stop the smile his words inspired . 
 `` so you think i 'm interested . '' 
 a dimple formed in one cheek . 
 `` do n't think it . 
 i know it . '' 
 `` cocky . '' 
 she liked the hint of ego in him and figured it fit his sports persona . 
 oddly , the display of conceit made him even more appealing . 
 not that she 'd let him know it so easily . 
 she folded her arms across her chest , and narrowed her gaze . 
 `` whatever gave you the impression that i 'm still interested ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` i could either count the orgasms you had or point out the pink flush in your cheeks when i showed up to ask you out today . 
 your choice . '' 
 she just could n't bring herself to be offended and burst out laughing instead . 
 `` okay fine . 
 you win . 
 so what 's in the bags ? '' 
 she swept her arm out toward the packages he 'd brought in from the car . 
 `` do n't change the subject . 
 i want to hear you say it . '' 
 he stepped forward and she inched away , the dance continuing until her back hit the wall . 
 `` say what ? '' 
 she managed , this despite the fact that he loomed over her , a large , imposing , sexy male who smelled as good as he looked . 
 at his nearness , her breath hitched and memories of him surrounding her in other ways rushed through her . 
 `` i need to hear you say you 're still tempted . 
 by me , '' he said , his mouth hovering over hers . 
 she caught the hint of mint on his breath and sighed into him . 
 he had her and he knew it . 
 `` i 'm tempted , '' she murmured . 
 a pleased gleam flickered in his gaze at the admission , but he still did n't move , studying her instead of kissing her senseless like she wanted . 
 needed . 
 craved . 
 `` i only have an hour or so for lunch , '' she reminded him . 
 he muttered a soft curse and sealed his lips over hers . 
 he swirled his tongue with hers in a way that had her body heating , which was saying something since her jacket already had her roasting . 
 and she kissed him back for all she was worth , wrapping her arms around his neck and getting lost in the moment . 
 until he broke their connection with a harsh groan . 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 she asked , disappointed and bereft . 
 `` because you only have an hour or so and you need to eat . '' 
 he stepped back , shrugged off his jacket , and began to unpack the bags . 
 `` is there any chance i can convince you to play hooky this afternoon ? '' 
 she looked into his hopeful gaze , and for the first time in her adult life , the thought of doing something other than work was actually tempting . 
 `` i wish i could , but i have a meeting with the parents of one of my younger patients . '' 
 disappointment filled her and she wished her afternoon consisted of something cancelable . 
 `` but you considered it . '' 
 he stared at her for a beat , his expression ... pleased . 
 then he turned and began to unpack food , pulling out plastic-wrapped sandwiches on plastic plates , complete with chips . 
 real silverware came next , followed by two large thermoses . 
 `` what 's in those ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` hot chocolate . '' 
 `` oh , yum , my favorite ! '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 she wrinkled her nose . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` i made friends with gina donovan , pumped her for your favorite orders and asked her to pack everything up for me . '' 
 he shrugged and began to peel the wrapping off the food . 
 she ought to help , but remained frozen in place , stunned by the lengths to which he 'd gone to make this picnic , as he 'd called it , special . 
 for her . 
 no one had ever considered her favorite foods , or gone out of his way to make her feel important . 
 she had n't had her mom to do it . 
 she barely remembered her mother , and her father 's mother , who 'd moved in to help him out , had about as much of a soft streak as he did . 
 forget the men in her life ; even the ones she 'd dated on occasion knew she did n't have time or was n't giving them one hundred percent , and so they did n't bother with an attempt to win her heart anyway . 
 in an insanely short time , luke thompson had made her feel cared for and treasured . 
 and she did n't know what to do with that . 
 `` luke ? '' 
 she softly called his name . 
 he turned from his task . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 she swallowed over the lump in her throat , the words escaping before she could think them through or stop them . 
 `` i ca n't play hooky this afternoon , but can i have a rain check for tomorrow ? '' 
 * * * when alexa asked him for a rain check , elation had soared through luke as strong as after any touchdown he 'd scored . 
 he knew how difficult it must have been for her to convince herself that she could take time off from work . 
 that she 'd do it to be with him , well , it blew his mind . 
 `` you 've got yourself a date , '' he 'd promised her . 
 afterward , they 'd enjoyed their lunch at the cabin , cleaned up , and made out a little bit . 
 he grinned at the memory of them sitting on the old , beat-up couch , kissing and groping . 
 he 'd ended up aroused to the point of pain . 
 she 'd ended up grumpy and annoyed , but he 'd left her hanging , too , reminding her that good things come to those who wait . 
 then he 'd driven her back to the hospital , walked her to the big sliding doors at the entrance , kissed her in front of he did n't care who , and sent her back inside with a goofy grin on her face . 
 not that he 'd told her that . 
 he figured dr. alexa collins would n't appreciate knowing she 'd returned to work well kissed . 
 laughing , he 'd driven back to sawyer 's and helped his buddy , who 'd rented a dumpster to get rid of the garbage his father had accumulated . 
 that night , he and sawyer had shared a couple of beers and watched a movie , and now , the next morning , luke was implementing the next phase of teaching alexa how to have fun . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 she asked as he helped her into his truck . 
 he glanced at her , discovering yet another facet to her personality . 
 she looked like a happy young woman , not a sexy siren , an uptight doctor , or even the tense daughter he 'd seen yesterday . 
 today she had on a pair of jeans with boots over them and a light sweater , her long hair pulled into a ponytail . 
 she was , in a word , breathtaking . 
 `` it 's a surprise , '' he said , controlling his emotions . 
 she clapped her hands together in excitement , and again he experienced a wave of passion so strong it nearly drowned him . 
 he 'd given her that rosy flush in her cheeks from just these plans alone . 
 `` another picnic ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` among other things , '' he said , deliberately vague and teasing . 
 it would n't do to reveal his intentions . 
 part of having fun involved spontaneity , something else he sensed she had n't had much of in her well-organized , routine life . 
 `` how about a hint ? '' 
 she curled her legs under her and turned toward him as he pulled out of her driveway . 
 he laughed . 
 `` how about not ? '' 
 her phone rang and she pulled it out of her pocket , glanced down , and hit send . 
 the next ten minutes consisted of her talking to someone at the hospital about medications and various patients . 
 he clenched his jaw and tried not to let his annoyance get the better of him . 
 he respected her job . 
 hell , who would n't ? 
 but they 'd planned for this . 
 he did n't have a huge temper but he was finding he was impatient when it came to anyone or anything cutting into his limited time with alexa . 
 he had to head home tomorrow for his niece 's birthday party on saturday . 
 he had only this limited time with a woman he wanted way more from-he knew it already . 
 most people would call him crazy . 
 most , but not his mother , who 'd met his father and called it love at first sight . 
 he 'd romanced her , she 'd fallen hard , they married quickly and stayed together happily . 
 besides , it was n't like he was a child . 
 his sisters were younger than him and they were all married with kids . 
 he 'd been through dating and living enough to know alexa was the one he wanted to test some serious waters with . 
 how they would do that , with her living in new york and him in texas , he had no idea . 
 but for now , every minute counted . 
 he stopped the car down the street from his ultimate destination , not wanting to ruin the surprise , and parked . 
 by the time luke climbed out of the truck , alexa waited by the trunk for him to open it up and reveal his surprise . 
 she hopped up and down , excitement filling her , wondering what he had planned for them today . 
 `` i ca n't imagine what you 're like at christmas , '' luke said , chuckling . 
 `` christmas was never like this , '' she spoke , more to herself than to him . 
 he turned , one hand propped on the trunk door , eyeing her with a serious look on his face . 
 `` talk . '' 
 she sighed , knowing that , once again , she 'd be revealing something more about herself and , oddly enough , wanting to share with him . 
 `` dad did n't have time for a tree , his mother did n't care , hence ... no tree . '' 
 luke stiffened . 
 `` no tree . '' 
 he sounded appalled , his expression disgusted . 
 `` okay , now you know . 
 i come from a family of scrooges . '' 
 she ducked her head and avoided his gaze . 
 `` so if the bloom 's off this rose , you can take me back home now , '' she said , wanting to give him an out . 
 `` hey . '' 
 he touched her arm . 
 `` i would n't take you home just because you never had a christmas tree ! 
 what kind of jerk do you think i am ? '' 
 she managed a laugh . 
 `` i was more worried about what you thought of me . 
 but i can assure you that i have a christmas tree . 
 even if i 'm not home much to enjoy it , i make sure i have one . '' 
 she was rambling from embarrassment and changed the subject . 
 `` so what 's in the trunk ? '' 
 she asked too brightly . 
 he stared at her for an uncomfortable minute . 
 it was probably just a second or two but it felt like a full sixty seconds . 
 `` something else i 'm now thinking you did n't get to experience . '' 
 he reached into the trunk and pulled out a pair of ice skates . 
 brand-new , shiny white skates with purple laces . 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 she did n't know what got to her more , the gesture or the purple laces . 
 `` my favorite color . '' 
 the lump in her throat grew bigger , her awareness of just how deep this man went dawning on her . 
 he just laughed . 
 `` can you skate ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` i used to go with a friend when i was younger . 
 until my dad found out and made me stop because it was too dangerous . 
 what happens if a blade cuts your hand ? 
 how will you ever operate ? 
 or be a doctor ? '' 
 she said in a perfect imitation of her parent . 
 `` how old were you ? '' 
 luke asked , his voice gentle . 
 a bigger lump swelled in her throat . 
 she swallowed hard . 
 `` fourteen . '' 
 `` son of a bitch . '' 
 he slammed a hand against the truck . 
 `` you should have been out having fun with your friends , not worrying about a future i 'm sure you did n't even think you wanted . '' 
 her eyes misted . 
 `` did you know what you wanted at that age ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` you did ? '' 
 she asked . 
 a grin took hold and a wicked gleam lit his gaze . 
 `` yep . 
 i wanted to get my hands up lucy granders 's shirt . '' 
 she chuckled , softly at first , then harder . 
 `` you are too much ! '' 
 `` i 'm also deadly serious . 
 i played , but was n't thinking about pro football when i was fourteen . 
 and you should n't have had to think about medicine . '' 
 he held her hands in his larger ones . 
 `` now , do you want to go ice-skating ? '' 
 `` will you hold on to me until i get the hang of it ? '' 
 his eyes darkened . 
 `` oh yeah , darlin ' . 
 i 'll hold on to you . '' 
 she rolled her eyes at him . 
 `` you 're still that fourteen-year-old boy at heart , are n't you ? '' 
 `` god , i hope so . '' 
 she grasped his shoulders and pulled him close . 
 `` me , too , '' she said , and settled her lips on his . 
 sparks ignited immediately . 
 she curled her fingers into his jacket and pressed herself into him . 
 she might have started the kiss but his low groan gave her fair warning he 'd be taking over . 
 and he did . 
 his tongue delved deep into her mouth , possessing her , marking her in a way she 'd never forget . 
 she loved his taste , the hint of mint and the dark flavor that was all luke . 
 add in the sweet part of him and the impossible was happening . 
 she was falling hard for this man . 
 too bad all they had was a few days of time . 
 because when all was said and done , nothing in her life had changed , her time for a relationship was zero , and luke thompson was a good man who lived in the state of texas . 
 chapter six luke did n't have to guess what alexa wanted or how she was feeling . 
 she wore her heart on her sleeve , her feelings on her face . 
 and when she reached for him , he knew he was a goner . 
 if he let the kiss go on , they 'd end up on the ground , not on the ice . 
 as much as he wanted her , he had plans for her first . 
 with more willpower than he thought he had , he broke the kiss . 
 `` skating , darlin ' . '' 
 eyes glazed , she looked up at him and nodded . 
 `` skating . '' 
 `` you gon na be steady out there ? '' 
 he asked , his hands on her forearms , keeping her upright . 
 `` no , but you already said you 'd hold on to me . '' 
 she grinned and stepped back . 
 `` do i get to try on my skates now ? '' 
 he nodded and walked with her to the ice rink , already knowing that they fit . 
 this time he 'd had to go to the source , her best friend , cara hartley , a serendipity police officer who luke found at her home . 
 and it had n't been easy to get her address . 
 when he got there , she looked him up and down , placed her hands on her hips , and divulged alexa 's shoe size . 
 `` i have a gun and i know how to use it , '' she then said . 
 `` break her heart and you 'll answer to me . '' 
 `` message received , '' he told her . 
 `` i like how you two look out for each other . '' 
 he inclined his head . 
 `` well done . 
 and glad to see you 're feelin ' better . '' 
 the big bad cop 's expression softened . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` also glad your man came around , '' luke said , pushing his luck a little further . 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` and now i 'm getting out while the getting 's good . '' 
 with a wink , he 'd taken off , heading next to the small store located in the skating rink in the next town over . 
 sawyer joined him for the ride , laughing all the way there-and back . 
 luke ignored him , figuring he 'd have some chuckles of his own when the other man found his woman . 
 now , luke turned back to his female and watched her lacing up the skates . 
 `` they fit ! '' 
 she exclaimed , her excitement like that of his niece 's on christmas . 
 `` but they 're new , so you 'll probably end up with blisters , '' he warned her . 
 `` we 'll take it easy . '' 
 he stood and held out a hand , which she readily grabbed . 
 a few minutes later , they were on the ice . 
 he wished he could say she was a natural . 
 she was n't . 
 but what she lacked in skill , she more than made up for in both enthusiasm and a willingness to keep getting back up-no matter how many spills she took . 
 and unfortunately for her , she took plenty . 
 her ass was going to be sore tomorrow , which meant he 'd have to give her some tlc today . 
 no big chore . 
 on what felt to luke like her hundredth tumble , he caught her before her butt hit the ice . 
 `` and we 're all finished for today , '' he said . 
 `` i can go more , '' she said through chattering teeth . 
 he wrapped his arm around her waist and steered them toward the edge of the rink . 
 `` if you wo n't admit to freezing your ass off , i will . 
 i 'm cold and i need your body heat to warm me up . '' 
 her eyes darkened , but she did n't give up that easily . 
 `` one more circle around the rink . '' 
 at that moment , luke cursed her father for instilling that need to prove herself in his daughter . 
 `` no . 
 you 're freezing and your butt cheeks hurt like hell , but i 'll bet you 've never given up on anything in your life . 
 if i do n't call it a day , we 'll be out here while you try to prove something to me you do n't have to prove . 
 this was supposed to be fun , remember ? '' 
 she blushed . 
 `` i. . . 
 yeah , i remember . 
 and i did have fun ! '' 
 from the sparkle in her eyes , he could n't help but believe her . 
 `` me , too . 
 now just a short drive away , we have a cabin all to ourselves where the heat 's pumping and the bed 's warm . 
 so you tell me , do you want to keep on bruising your pretty behind , or let me ease those aches and pains in a way that i promise you 'll like ? '' 
 his own blood pumped faster at the notion . 
 he raised an eyebrow and waited for her to decide . 
 `` well , when you put it that way ... '' she grasped his hand . 
 `` last one to the truck is a rotten egg . '' 
 she took off , but luke was n't about to let her fall again , so he grabbed her around the waist and carried her off the ice , listening to her shrieks of put me down the entire way . 
 * * * alexa had a blast on the ice . 
 sure , she sucked at skating . 
 who knew that it was n't like riding a bike , easy to pick up again ? 
 not that her father encouraged that either-concussions are dangerous , alexa . 
 but luke never lost patience , he just held out a hand , helped her back onto her feet , and off they went again , him holding her tight in his strong arms until she was ready to try going solo again . 
 she inevitably fell onto her butt again . 
 by the end , her feet hurt like hell , she probably had those blisters he 'd mentioned , and the cold was setting in , and he 'd still had to drag her off the ice . 
 `` luke ? '' 
 she asked , as he drove them from the rink to the cabin . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i loved every minute , '' she said , wanting him to know exactly what kind of gift he 'd given her . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 a smile pulled at his lips . 
 `` absolutely . '' 
 he parked in front of the cabin and cut the engine , got out , and met her on the passenger side , opening her door . 
 before she could hop out , he braced a hand on the roof over her head . 
 `` you know you did n't need to prove anything to me . 
 i did n't care if you could skate or not . 
 i just wanted you to enjoy the day . '' 
 his serious gaze told her he was worried she 'd pushed herself too hard . 
 `` i did . 
 every last minute . 
 even when i fell on my ass , '' she said with a grin . 
 he scowled at her comment . 
 `` you wo n't be feeling so generous about that tomorrow . '' 
 she smoothed the frown lines on either side of his luscious mouth with her fingers . 
 `` i will if you take care of me like you promised , '' she said , her voice deep and husky . 
 next thing she knew , she was back in his arms as he carried her to the front door . 
 he smelled delicious , a combination of outdoors and sexy man , and she tangled her fingers in his hair as he somehow worked the key , never putting her down as he let them in . 
 `` what 'd you have to promise sawyer to get this cabin again ? '' 
 she asked as she kicked off her shoes and let them fall to the floor . 
 he laughed , the deep sound rumbling through her . 
 `` just my firstborn . '' 
 on his kidding words , his gaze snared hers and her breath caught at the intensity she saw there . 
 luke and kids . 
 the idea , once planted , no matter how lightly , buzzed around her brain . 
 alexa loved kids , worked with them when she could , because as patients , they were far more fun than cranky adults . 
 hence her youth center hours and free medical care for them . 
 she was beginning to think she 'd never have a family of her own . 
 with one joking comment , this man caused a yearning deep in her soul . 
 `` alexa ? 
 lex ? '' 
 luke asked . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he laid her down on the bed and eased next to her . 
 she blinked and deliberately cleared her mind . 
 `` not a single thing , '' she assured him . 
 fanciful thoughts and feelings about a man she 'd known a few days were ridiculous . 
 what he was giving her in this precious time , the chance to experience life and to live all she 'd been missing , was priceless . 
 when he was gone , she knew she 'd have choices to make about how she wanted to go forward from here . 
 but right now , she had him . 
 and just like he taught her , she intended to live in the here and now . 
 so she unzipped her jacket , shrugged it off , and tossed it to the floor , then reached for his zipper and did the same to his . 
 he wore a fitted long sleeve thermal in a chocolate brown that brought out the gold in his eyes and accentuated the muscles in his chest and arms . 
 with her mouth watering , she tugged at the bottom of the shirt , pulling it out of his jeans and working it up and over his head . 
 with a targeted toss , the shirt hit his jacket on the floor . 
 `` hey , i thought i was going to take care of you ? '' 
 if that 's what the man wanted , that 's what he 'd get , alexa thought . 
 `` go for it , '' she told him . 
 `` i 'm all yours . '' 
 with a low growl from deep in his throat , he raised himself up on one knee and began divesting her of her clothes , piece by piece . 
 her jeans , damp from her many falls on the ice , took some effort , but finally he 'd bared her to him , except for her lacy underwear and matching bra . 
 `` you take my breath away , darlin ' . '' 
 her breath caught and her throat swelled . 
 `` you do the same to me . 
 but more than that , you make me feel good . 
 special . 
 i 'll never forget that . '' 
 she glanced away , embarrassed that she was revealing so much , yet unable to hold back the words . 
 `` you are special . '' 
 not according to her father . 
 surgeons like you are a dime a dozen , alexa . 
 try harder . 
 do better . 
 give more of yourself or you 'll never stand out . 
 god , she was so sick of his words tormenting her . 
 she 'd taken the full day off , covered her patients with a reliable doctor , and deliberately not checked in with her service or looked at her phone . 
 yet the pressure remained , a subtle heaviness in her chest and that damned voice in her head . 
 `` lex , '' luke said in a concerned tone . 
 `` i 'm here . '' 
 she smiled into his warm eyes , liking how he shortened her name . 
 it was special . 
 `` you were n't . '' 
 `` i am now , '' she said , with what she hoped was a seductive smile . 
 she had no desire to get into where her mind had wandered . 
 not when she had such a sexy specimen in front of her . 
 but she was coming to know luke , and if she did n't distract him , he 'd push her for answers and kill the mood . 
 she refused to let that happen . 
 she reached for the front hook of her bra and released the clasp , then slowly lowered the straps over her shoulders and down her arms . 
 the cups eased down , one catching on her nipple , and luke grinned at the sight . 
 `` let me help you with that . '' 
 he bent his head and , using his teeth , he gently pried the material away from her breast . 
 the material fell away and luke 's mouth quickly replaced it . 
 one lap of his tongue and alexa 's head fell back against the pillows , the sensations so strong and startling , she let out a moan . 
 he licked again , nipped harder , and she began to tremble . 
 * * * luke had never had a woman be so open and genuinely responsive . 
 there was no pretense , no artifice , everything she felt , she showed , and knowing he could take her so high so fast gave him no small amount of satisfaction . 
 she 'd been starved , not just for sex but for affection , and he wanted to give her everything he could in the time he had . 
 while he kept up the friction on her breast with one hand , he used the other to slide her panties off her body . 
 he cupped her mound , feeling the heat emanating from her , and stifled a groan as his c ** k let him know exactly how much he liked what he was feeling . 
 `` luke . '' 
 she sighed his name , parting her legs . 
 he took advantage , slipping his finger into her slick opening . 
 her hips jerked , sucking his digit in deeper . 
 he grit his teeth and slid his thumb over the tiny knot of nerves , rewarded when she arched her back , her head thrashing from side to side . 
 `` beautiful , '' he muttered , watching the flush on her cheeks as she lost every inhibition she possessed . 
 her body shook , her lashes fluttered up and her eyes locked on his . 
 `` i need - '' `` i know what you need . '' 
 but she was n't coming alone or without him inside her . 
 he rose and quickly shed the rest of his clothes , pausing only to grab a condom from his pocket before returning . 
 taking him by surprise , she plucked the packet out of his hand , ripped it open , and managed to roll the latex over his straining erection . 
 she grinned at the results . 
 `` now hurry . '' 
 he swung a leg over her and positioned himself at her entrance . 
 she whimpered , the sound inflaming his need , and he braced a hand above her shoulder , looking into her beautiful eyes as he thrust deep . 
 thrust home . 
 her eyes widened , then rolled back slightly before she managed to focus on him once more . 
 `` oh , god . '' 
 `` that 's not god , darlin ' . 
 that 's you . 
 and me . '' 
 and damn they were hot and wet . 
 he pulled out , slid back , the slick sounds of sex surrounding them along with alexa 's whispered pleas of harder , faster , and oh , god , nearly making him come too soon . 
 he held on , gritting his teeth as she bent her knees , taking him deeper . 
 then , without warning , her body gripped his , clamping on tight as she came . 
 her orgasm released his tenuous hold and restraint . 
 he pumped into her , feeling more than he ever had , knowing in his gut this was so much more than sex , and he accepted it and reveled in it as he came . 
 it took a while for them to catch their breath , and finally luke rolled off her . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she met his gaze , her eyes glazed and dreamy . 
 `` never better . '' 
 `` glad to hear it . '' 
 he kissed her nose , then pulled himself up and headed for the bathroom . 
 he returned to find her staring at the ceiling , a satisfied smile on her face and a healthy , happy glow on her cheeks . 
 one he 'd put there , luke thought , grinning , too . 
 `` roll , '' he said to her . 
 `` hmm ? '' 
 `` roll over . '' 
 he lightly patted her hip . 
 she groaned but turned over as he asked . 
 he glanced at her bare bottom , white smooth skin with hints of pink and more than a few scrapes . 
 he frowned at the sight . 
 `` hurt ? '' 
 he asked , rubbing his hand over first one cheek then the other . 
 `` a little sore , '' she admitted , her words muffled in the pillow . 
 `` sorry , sugar . 
 i never meant to cause you pain . '' 
 he pressed a kiss to her cheek and she giggled . 
 `` i 'll live , '' she assured him . 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 he massaged her skin and she sighed in contentment . 
 `` when do you leave ? '' 
 she asked , the question muffled . 
 she did n't peek out from where she 'd buried her head in her arms . 
 the question was long overdue . 
 `` i have to be home for my niece 's birthday party on saturday . '' 
 he pulled in a deep breath . 
 `` so my flight 's tomorrow . '' 
 silence surrounded them , the mood broken as reality intruded . 
 `` you 'd really like my nieces , '' he heard himself say . 
 `` cute little things . 
 girly girls , with bows in their hair and cowboy boots on their feet . '' 
 he continued to speak , unsure of how to bring them back to before , when it was just luke and alexa in the cabin . 
 not luke from texas and alexa from new york . 
 he heard what sounded like a hiccup . 
 or her choking back tears . 
 shit . 
 shit . 
 shit . 
 `` take the weekend and come with me to texas , '' he said . 
 she popped up in bed and flipped over . 
 her eyes were red as they zeroed in on him . 
 `` say that again ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the suggestion came out unexpectedly but the sentiment was heartfelt , he realized . 
 `` come to texas . 
 meet my family . 
 you 'll have fun and they 'll love you . '' 
 her eyes opened wide . 
 `` but ... work . 
 the hospital . 
 my patients . '' 
 her father . 
 that last one went unsaid . 
 `` will all be here when you get back . '' 
 he did n't know what he hoped for out of the request . 
 he only knew he was n't ready to be apart from her . 
 the rest he 'd figure out . 
 if she said yes . 
 chapter seven alexa sat up in bed , the sheets pulled up over her br ** sts as she stared at luke . 
 come to texas , he 'd said , and boy was she tempted . 
 she 'd never wanted to chuck the responsibilities in her life and take off for the weekend , but she did now . 
 unfortunately , the reliable , dependable side of her spoke louder in her head and took over . 
 `` i ca n't just pick up and go when the whim strikes me . '' 
 she winced , knowing she sounded more like her father than herself . 
 and the hurt on luke 's face confirmed it . 
 `` luke - '' `` i get it . 
 you have to work . '' 
 he 'd been sitting on the edge of the mattress and now he reached down and grabbed his pants off the floor . 
 she was n't ready for their time together to end , especially not like this . 
 `` no , you do n't get it . 
 i want to go with you . 
 i really do . '' 
 he paused in the middle of pulling on his jeans and glanced over his shoulder . 
 `` it 's not as hard as it sounds . 
 i 'm guessing you have plenty of vacation time built up , and since you managed today , i figure you also have people to cover for you . 
 hell , knowing you , half the hospital probably owes you a favor . '' 
 her cheeks burned because he was right and he 'd figured her out in a very short time . 
 `` i want to go , '' she repeated , needing him to hear her and believe . 
 `` but i ca n't leave without giving any notice . '' 
 he secured the button on his jeans before answering . 
 `` lex , i 'm not gon na lie to you . 
 these past few days were n't just unexpected , they were f ** king amazing , '' he said , letting loose with his language for the first time . 
 she grinned but said nothing , mainly because , a -rrb- it did n't bother her , and , b -rrb- she agreed . 
 their time together had been exactly that . 
 he hooked his fingers in the loop of his jeans , his chest bare , his gaze level on hers . 
 `` nobody respects discipline and routine more than me . 
 i would n't be where i am in my career if i did n't dedicate myself one hundred and ten percent during the season and stick to some kind of schedule on the off-season . 
 and if i thought you were saying you could n't come because you wanted to work or it would affect your career , i 'd never push . 
 but that is n't it , is it ? '' 
 with every word he spoke , her defenses rose higher . 
 she stiffened her shoulders until her neck hurt , and she glared at him , but he clearly was n't finished . 
 `` tell me what you think it is , '' she said , folding her arms across her chest , protecting herself from whatever he would say next . 
 which was ironic since , five minutes ago , she would n't have thought she 'd have to protect herself from this man-ever . 
 `` you do n't want to tell your father you 're taking more time off . 
 you do n't want to disappoint the old man or lose the legacy he 's so carefully prepared for you . 
 but , darlin ' , i 'm asking you straight out to be sure that 's the future you yourself want . '' 
 her mouth ran dry . 
 as quickly as her anger had grown at his words , it deflated with his further insight . 
 she was n't sure about her life and he knew it . 
 and he did n't want to hurt her ; he wanted her to be happy . 
 his gaze softened . 
 `` if i could stay longer and be with you , i 'd do it . 
 give up a meeting or two , miss a practice if i thought i could work it out . 
 but the one thing i wo n't miss in life is a family event because those happen only once . 
 i ca n't get back a missed birthday or the look in my niece 's eyes when she sees that power-charged barbie car i bought for her that 'll be waiting in the driveway . '' 
 oh my god . 
 he was killing her . 
 alexa did n't even know the little girl he spoke of , but she suddenly had a whole new vision of luke thompson , and it took her breath away . 
 his words sliced deep because how many of her birthdays had her own father missed because of work , while luke would n't skip his sister 's daughter 's special day ? 
 she 'd thought this man was something special . 
 something real . 
 now she knew for sure . 
 her cell phone suddenly rang inside her purse , the ringtone the one she 'd programmed for her father . 
 she cringed at the interruption . 
 luke glared at her bag . 
 `` that him ? '' 
 he asked . 
 alexa nodded . 
 unable to help herself , she reached for the purse and pulled out the ringing phone . 
 at least half a dozen missed calls , all from her father . 
 `` i did n't tell him i was taking off today . '' 
 she glanced at luke but found no understanding in his gaze . 
 `` how long are you gon na let him run your life ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` he does n't - '' luke pinned her with a knowing gaze . 
 `` give me more credit than that . 
 he does . '' 
 the cell stopped it 's incessant , annoying ring , and another missed call and voice mail notification popped up on the screen . 
 disgusted , she threw the phone onto the bed . 
 `` get dressed , '' he said , more gently than she 'd have expected . 
 `` i 'll toss the sheets into the washer . 
 sawyer said there 's someone who comes in and does laundry , so she 'll finish up what i start . '' 
 nodding , she rose , feeling self-conscious that she was naked and he was n't . 
 in silence , she looked for the clothes she 'd shed and realized her jeans were still damp . 
 she pulled on her underwear and shirt , her back to him . 
 `` do i have time to dry these for a little while before i put them back on ? '' 
 she turned to find him right there , in her personal space , and she sucked in a shallow breath . 
 he braced his hands on her forearms , his thumbs rubbing lazy circles over her shirt . 
 `` i do n't want to end this with an argument . '' 
 he met her gaze , those warm eyes communicating real regret . 
 her stomach twisted nervously . 
 `` me neither . '' 
 she did n't want to end it at all , but he 'd made the gesture and she 'd turned him down . 
 alexa knew she had a lot to process , but she could n't upend her life in a heartbeat . 
 she 'd always been a thinker , someone who processed first and acted later . 
 during this time with luke , she 'd enjoyed spontaneity , but a lifetime 's worth of habit would n't be broken quickly . 
 `` give me your jeans . 
 i 'll toss 'em in for a bit , '' he said . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 she handed him the damp denim , then helped him strip the linen off the bed and pillows . 
 they worked in somewhat comfortable silence , but the atmosphere between them had changed . 
 no longer sexually charged or light and playful , a pall had fallen over them , because they both knew they 'd reached the end of this . 
 whatever this was . 
 and luke was right . 
 it had been f ** king spectacular . 
 * * * luke drove alexa home . 
 he walked her to her front door , wrapped his arms around her , and kissed her . 
 she knew it was good-bye , even if he did n't say the words . 
 even if he 'd programmed his phone number into her cell phone , she sensed the finality in the kiss . 
 alexa entered her house , wanting nothing more than to be alone . 
 she did n't return her father 's calls . 
 he could damn well wait until she returned to work on friday before she dealt with his anger . 
 instead she gave herself time to grieve . 
 as insane as it sounded , that 's what she did . 
 she grieved for a relationship she 'd walked away from before it began . 
 for a man who 'd given her more in three days than anyone else had given her in a lifetime . 
 and she grieved for the lonely years she 'd spent growing up and the frustrating time she 'd spent trying to please a man who could n't be satisfied . 
 suffice it to say , alexa held a pity party complete with ice cream and phone calls to her best friend . 
 by the time she fell into a fitful sleep , she did so with the knowledge that this time tomorrow , luke would be gone . 
 and she had some harsh decisions and choices to make about herself , her life , and her future . 
 * * * alexa dressed in her navy power suit , the outfit she saved for board meetings and arguments about changing the status quo with the so-called powers that be . 
 the same board headed by her father . 
 she slipped on a pair of high heels , not her usual choice for the hospital , but one that made her feel in control . 
 like she could handle anyone and anything-the way she felt when she was around luke . 
 makeup in place , she climbed into her car and drove to university hospital , then parked and entered the building that had been home since she was a little girl . 
 she listened to the click of her heels as she made her way down the halls to her father 's office , and realized there was a lot wrong with that bit of truth . 
 but truth it was , and she was finally ready to confront it-along with the man who 'd created her reality . 
 she knocked on her father 's office door . 
 `` come in ! '' 
 she poked her head in . 
 `` dad ? 
 i need a word . '' 
 `` i 'm busy , '' he said , not looking up from his paperwork . 
 the one thing she 'd always dreaded about the chief of staff job was the massive amounts of paperwork and the resulting lack of interaction with the patients . 
 she took a deep breath and stepped inside anyway . 
 `` i 'd appreciate it if you made the time , it 's important . '' 
 she shut the door behind her , not planning on leaving until she 'd had her say . 
 with a resigned sigh , he put his pen down and gestured to the chair in front of his desk . 
 she opted to remain standing , needing all the leverage and power she could muster . 
 `` well ? 
 i do n't have all day . '' 
 she clenched and unclenched her fists . 
 `` are you happy ? '' 
 she asked her father . 
 he blinked , then looked at her with a frown creasing his forehead . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 she 'd thought long and hard about how to approach him , what she wanted to say . 
 this was rehearsed and she knew it . 
 `` i asked if you 're happy . 
 in your life ? 
 your job ? '' 
 `` alexa , i 'm a busy man . 
 i do n't have time for philosophical conversations . '' 
 `` well , i 'll say it again . 
 i 'd appreciate it if you made the time . 
 this is important to me . '' 
 hands on his desk , he met her gaze . 
 `` fine . 
 i do n't think about happiness . '' 
 her heart seized at the admission she 'd expected . 
 what she had n't anticipated was how much the knowledge hurt . 
 `` did you ever ? 
 think about it , i mean . '' 
 to hell with power . 
 she lowered herself into the chair , needing support . 
 `` when you were younger ? 
 when you met mom ? 
 when you fell in love ? '' 
 that last question was a stretch . 
 alexa had no idea if her parents had been in love . 
 or not . 
 she did n't remember them interacting and her father never spoke about it . 
 his scowl deepened . 
 `` what 's going on with you ? 
 are you ill ? '' 
 she drew a deep breath . 
 `` i 'm taking a leave of absence . '' 
 she said the words slowly and deliberately , not rushing through them the way she was tempted to do . 
 the only way he 'd take her seriously was if she sounded firm , did n't back down , and stood her ground . 
 all things alan collins respected . 
 unless it involved going against his directives or wishes . 
 `` okay , now i know you 're sick . 
 what the hell do you mean , you 're taking a leave ? '' 
 he leaned forward in his seat , talking at her like she was just an employee , not his only child . 
 `` in the last couple of days , i 've had time to think about what i want out of life and - '' she pulled in a deep breath . 
 `` this is n't it . 
 i do n't want to be a paper pusher for this hospital . 
 i do n't want to follow in your footsteps , i want to create my own path . '' 
 `` you want to create your own path , '' he mimicked her . 
 `` do n't tell me . 
 this has to do with that football player , '' he said in disgust . 
 `` you know he plays football ? '' 
 she said the first thing that came to mind . 
 `` the nurses could n't stop whispering about it . 
 i thought you 'd be above that sort of thing . 
 at the very least i thought you 'd get that little rebellion out of your system and return to work fully focused . '' 
 she blew into her hands in an attempt to calm down . 
 `` well , you thought wrong . 
 and that little rebellion you mentioned ? 
 it 's been a long time in coming . 
 these past few days may have shown me what it 's like to really live and enjoy life and be happy , but the discontent began long before and has been brewing for years . '' 
 `` alexa , not many people get the opportunities you 've had , '' her father said , too slowly and patiently , as if he were talking to a misbehaving child . 
 `` not many people have the avenues available to them that you do . '' 
 she held up a hand . 
 `` stop right there . 
 i 'm grateful for each and every one , but did you ever think that maybe i do n't want the same things you did ? '' 
 `` and what is it you think you want ? '' 
 there it was again , that patronizing tone . 
 she knew then he 'd never get it , never understand . 
 her stomach hurt because he was her father , but he was n't her daddy . 
 he never had been . 
 `` i know that i want to enjoy my job . 
 my days . 
 i 'm not naive . 
 life is n't always easy or fun , but i want to wake up in the morning knowing that , at the very least , i 'm doing something of my choosing . 
 not yours . '' 
 his hands bunched in frustration , his knuckles turning white . 
 `` that 's not gratitude ; that 's disrespect . '' 
 she cocked her head to the side . 
 `` i beg to differ . 
 i did everything you ever asked or wanted . 
 i tried things your way . 
 now i 'm going to try my own . '' 
 his face turned red , his cheeks flushed , and anger vibrated from him . 
 `` i raised you . '' 
 `` which is what you do when you have children . 
 what you do n't do is direct and manipulate them into being what you want , envision , or need . 
 i love you , dad . 
 but i have to live my own life . '' 
 `` are your giving up medicine ? '' 
 he asked . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i just want the time to figure out what kind of medicine i want to be in . '' 
 she 'd wondered if she should add this , and then decided she 'd come so far , might as well go all the way . 
 `` i also need to figure out where i want to practice it . '' 
 hospital , private practice , more pro bono work at the youth center . 
 alexa did n't know but she wanted to figure it out . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` you might want to reconsider . 
 the world keeps moving . 
 in other words , your job may not be here when you want to come back . '' 
 her own father would n't hold her position for her . 
 she had n't anticipated that , but she managed to hide the pain of his betrayal . 
 `` i 'll take that chance , '' she said . 
 `` your choice . 
 now , if you 're finished , i have work to do . '' 
 without meeting her gaze , he picked up his pen and looked back down at his papers . 
 if not for the slight tremor shaking his hand , alexa would think him completely unaffected . 
 `` one more question , '' she said softly . 
 maybe it was her tone of voice but he glanced up . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 `` what did we do for my fifth birthday party ? '' 
 his gaze narrowed once more . 
 `` i do n't remember . '' 
 `` tenth ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he clenched his jaw . 
 `` same answer . '' 
 alexa nodded . 
 the only birthdays she recalled were the ones she spent missing her mother and hurting that her father chose to work instead of staying home . 
 `` the sad thing is , i wish i did n't remember them either , '' she said , fighting to speak over the lump in her throat and the tears threatening to fall . 
 something flickered in her father 's gaze . 
 or maybe alexa just wanted to see emotion there . 
 she did n't know . 
 `` bye , dad , '' she said . 
 but when she looked over , he 'd returned to his work and did n't reply . 
 chapter eight family gatherings at luke 's parents ' house were always huge events . 
 with three sisters-all married , all with kids-cousins , neighbors , and friends included , the noise level was high and the privacy factor nil . 
 usually luke loved these events . 
 not today . 
 today his heart was n't here , it was back in the small town of serendipity , new york . 
 a place he never thought would leave a mark on him , much less impact him so strongly . 
 he could n't get alexa out of his mind . 
 they 'd said good-bye on thursday . 
 today was saturday . 
 he 'd programmed his number into her cell and hoped she 'd use it . 
 with the way they 'd parted , luke giving her his unasked-for opinion on how to live her life , he was n't holding his breath . 
 in order not to focus on himself , he looked around to see which sibling he was in the mood for and his gaze settled on ashley , the youngest of his three sisters . 
 she had two kids , having married right out of high school to a guy luke hated . 
 and luke considered himself an easygoing guy who got along with most people , but not her jackass husband . 
 `` hey , sweet cheeks , '' he said , using his nickname for her . 
 `` hey , yourself . '' 
 he sat down next to her on the picnic table bench and she immediately laid her head on his shoulder . 
 warning bells went off in his brain . 
 `` i was only gone a week . 
 what happened ? '' 
 `` i left todd , '' she said , her voice cracking . 
 luke held in his cheer , more concerned about his sister 's feelings than his own . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` he was cheating on me with mandy stone . '' 
 the whispered words came with a wealth of hurt , luke knew . 
 `` mandy stone whose daddy is todd 's boss ? '' 
 luke asked through gritted teeth . 
 the same mandy stone who felt it was her civic duty to hit on luke at every town event he attended , and had done so since luke accepted the scholarship to university of miami to play football for the u. `` i think mandy was just the most recent in a long line . 
 he never liked being tied down . '' 
 luke stiffened , wanting to beat the crap out of the other man . 
 `` then he should n't have gotten you pregnant the summer before college . '' 
 she sniffed but ended in a laugh . 
 `` takes two to be stupid , luke . 
 and i would n't trade my kids for anything . '' 
 `` what will you do now ? '' 
 `` the kids and i moved in with mom and dad . 
 i need some time to work out a plan . '' 
 he kissed her temple . 
 `` you will . 
 and i 'll be here to help you . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` anything for you , sweet cheeks . 
 you know that . '' 
 he loved his sisters even when they were being pains in his ass . 
 she sighed . 
 `` i do . 
 and i love you for it . 
 so how was your trip east ? '' 
 `` business was good , got some solid endorsement deals lined up . '' 
 `` just for men ? 
 erectile dysfunction meds ? 
 hemorrhoid cream ? '' 
 she nailed him in the ribs with her elbow . 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` this is when ` sweet cheeks ' changes to ` brat , ' '' he muttered . 
 `` how about ford broncos and my own cologne ? '' 
 she let out a texas whoop . 
 `` i 'm proud of you ! 
 so what else did you and sawyer do ? 
 pick up any hot chicks while you were there ? '' 
 luke weighed just how much to tell her , then decided to go for broke . 
 he needed to talk about it and ash needed the distraction from her own life . 
 `` cleaned out sawyer 's dad 's house , though i think he 's gon na do some work on the place and keep it instead of selling . 
 and , yeah , i met someone . '' 
 ashley sat up and turned in her seat , her eyes slitted as she stared at him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked , uncomfortable under her narrowed gaze . 
 `` i asked if you and sawyer picked up any hot chicks . 
 you countered with i met someone . 
 big difference . 
 what gives ? '' 
 luke glanced up at the cloudless sky . 
 `` been asking myself that same question since i laid eyes on alexa . '' 
 `` what makes her special ? '' 
 luke could list a million things , but the ones that came to mind were too personal for him to share , even with his sister . 
 like alexa 's stunning vulnerability . 
 for a doctor who held lives in her hands , she 'd been manipulated her entire life and did n't know her own self-worth . 
 he 'd tried to give her that in a few short days , then he 'd invited her out here , and when she did n't jump at the chance like the other women in his life-the women who meant nothing to him and who he easily left behind-he threw those insecurities in her face and told her she needed to figure out what she wanted . 
 nice of him , he thought , with no small amount of regret and an even healthier dose of self-directed disgust . 
 `` oooh , silence , '' ashley said with a grin on her previously sad face . 
 `` you 're in deep and you ca n't even say why . 
 you 've fallen hard ! '' 
 she clapped her hands in glee , suddenly back to being the sister who liked to tease him when they were kids . 
 `` i want to meet this girl . '' 
 no chance of that , luke thought , frustrated . 
 `` cool it , '' he muttered , instead of letting her in on what he 'd done . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 ashley settled back in next to him . 
 `` what 's she like ? '' 
 `` she 's a doctor . 
 busy . 
 not sure she loves the work situation she 's in . 
 she 's loyal , saw her step up to take care of her best friend when she was attacked , then stayed overnight at the hospital to look after her . 
 pretty . 
 auburn hair - '' `` brown with reddish highlights ? 
 about my height ? 
 does she ever wear her hair in a ponytail and would she look uncomfortable at a texas barbecue ? '' 
 ashley asked , a too-big grin on her face . 
 luke jerked his body around and there she was . 
 dr. alexa collins , walking across his parents ' big texas spread , talking to his mother , as she led alexa to where luke and ashley were sitting . 
 `` i 'll be damned , '' he muttered . 
 `` since i always know everyone at these shindigs , i figured that had to be her . 
 what 's she doing here ? '' 
 ashley asked . 
 `` i invited her , '' luke said , stunned . 
 `` what ? 
 you did n't tell me she was coming ! '' 
 ash punctuated this with a shot to his shoulder . 
 `` that 's because she said no . '' 
 luke rose to his feet as the women approached . 
 `` lucas thompson , you did n't tell me we were having a guest ! '' 
 his mother , louise , who ruled this ranch along with her family , glared at him like he 'd committed a crime . 
 `` he did n't know , mrs. thompson . '' 
 alexa spoke softly . 
 `` he invited you . 
 that means you 're important to him , and that means he should have told me . '' 
 `` ma ! '' 
 luke knew he 'd better call her off before she scared alexa away . 
 alexa grinned and , man , luke had missed that smile . 
 `` it 's fine , '' she assured him . 
 luke shook his head . 
 nothing about his mother 's form of torture was fine . 
 `` alexa , this is my sister , ashley . 
 ash , this is alexa . '' 
 his sister jumped up and shook alexa 's hand . 
 `` he was just telling me all about you ! '' 
 luke rolled his eyes . 
 `` god save me from the two of you , '' he muttered . 
 `` ash , take mom away , would you ? 
 go eat . 
 drink . 
 something . '' 
 he met and held alexa 's gaze . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 `` we 're going , '' ashley said , understanding in her tone despite her earlier teasing . 
 `` come on , ma . 
 you can talk to luke 's girl later . '' 
 `` ash ! '' 
 luke 's voice vibrated with annoyance , but to his surprise , alexa 's eyes were lit with amusement as she obviously held back her laughter . 
 `` at least someone finds them amusing , '' he muttered to his mother and sister 's retreating backs . 
 `` you have no idea how lucky you are , '' she said , staring after his family , a wistful expression on her face . 
 luke did n't know what she was doing here , but he had to assume it boded well for him that she 'd come . 
 he hooked his arm in hers and led her away from the yard and around the side of the house to his mother 's special place . 
 when luke was born , she 'd insisted she needed a place of her own and his father had put up a gazebo in the most private corner of the yard , right off the side door to the house . 
 they settled in the swing chair . 
 `` i take it getting away was n't easy ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` that would be an understatement . '' 
 her pretty green eyes told the painful story . 
 he would n't push her for an explanation , sure it would come when she was ready . 
 `` yet you 're here . '' 
 `` i hoped the invitation was still open , '' she said hesitantly . 
 there it was , that vulnerability he 'd been thinking about before she materialized in front of his eyes . 
 in her blue jeans and white lace tank , with a light denim blouse tied around her waist , she looked like she belonged here on the ranch . 
 yet everything about her screamed her uncertainty , something he never wanted her to feel around him . 
 `` invitation 's always open , darlin ' . '' 
 she released a long-held breath . 
 `` well , that 's good , since when i took a leave of absence from work , my boss informed me he would n't be holding my position open . '' 
 her jaw set tight at the admission . 
 that bastard . 
 `` your father said that ? '' 
 `` it seems he did n't appreciate the idea of me finding my own path . '' 
 he was n't sure what surprised him more , the smile she gave him or the fact that she 'd listened to his advice and was taking time to figure out what she wanted , despite the consequences . 
 `` i think that 's great , '' he said , grasping her hands , thrilled down to his bones that she 'd come to him . 
 `` so you 're here for a while ? '' 
 alexa shrugged , wondering that herself . 
 `` i 'm here . 
 how long ? 
 i thought we 'd figure that out together . 
 see if we still like each other and all . '' 
 god , she sounded like an unsure idiot , alexa thought . 
 it was a wonder she 'd survived the plane ride , not knowing what awaited her here . 
 she 'd gotten luke 's address from sawyer rhodes , who swore his friend would be happy to see her and encouraged her to surprise him with the visit . 
 since she was n't in any hurry to have luke turn her down if he 'd changed his mind , she 'd agreed and hopped on a plane . 
 `` see if we still like each other ? '' 
 luke chuckled . 
 `` i do n't know about you , but what i feel for you is a lot more than like , darlin ' . '' 
 luke brushed his finger down her cheek , his golden eyes sparkling with reassurance as he dipped his head in close . 
 his heat reached out to her , his familiar scent settling the butterflies deep in her stomach . 
 `` i started falling hard for you the second we met , '' he continued . 
 `` having you come down here , unsure of your welcome but taking that chance on me ? 
 that just cemented the deal . 
 i ca n't see us going anywhere but forward from here . '' 
 `` me neither . '' 
 she swallowed hard , her heart pounding in her chest , everything inside her screaming this was right . 
 `` i 've never felt anything like this before . '' 
 `` same . 
 and i sure never thought i 'd want a woman with me , by my side , not talking about leaving any time soon , but that 's how i feel about you . 
 so let 's take this time to get to know each other better , and help you figure out what you want to do with your career . '' 
 his eyes held hers . 
 `` and while you 're thinking on what you want , maybe you 'll reconsider where you do it . 
 assuming things keep on ... keeping on . '' 
 he grinned , and alexa knew everything would be all right . 
 `` would you like that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` a lot , '' she whispered . 
 `` good . 
 did i say i 'm glad you 're here ? '' 
 before she could answer , he said , `` i 'm glad you 're here . 
 good play , darlin ' . '' 
 she grinned . 
 not a good play , she thought , as he closed his lips over hers . 
 a perfect one . 
