 prologue the evil grows . 
 i can feel its dark touch . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , september 2 , 1068 mark ! '' 
 she awoke screaming her twin brother 's name . 
 she turned on her bedside lamp with hands that shook . 
 her gaze flew frantically around her bedroom , and her heart seemed to stop . 
 she did n't see her furniture . 
 she did n't see the antique cherry dresser or chest . 
 she did n't see the stacks of books that lined her shelves , shelves lovingly made by her grandfather 's hands . 
 she just saw the blood . 
 and it was everywhere . 
 and she felt the evil . 
 the overwhelming evil . 
 she closed her eyes , desperate to stop the vision . 
 a man 's terror-filled scream echoed in her mind . 
 no ! '' 
 she shoved her covers aside and jumped from the bed . 
 in a flash , the vision ended . 
 she could see her room again . 
 cloaked in shadows , but recognizable nonetheless . 
 her heartbeat pounded desperately in her ears . 
 her body shook with remembered fear . 
 had it been a dream ? 
 just a dream ? 
 she shook her head . 
 it could n't have been a dream . 
 it 'd felt ... too real . 
 she had a sudden desperate urge to call mark . 
 to hear his voice . 
 she reached for the phone . 
 a shrill ring froze her hand . 
 her heart stopped . 
 the phone rang again , its cry eerily like the scream from her dream . 
 her fingers shook as she lifted the receiver . 
 `` h-hello ? 
 as she listened to the caller , all of the blood drained from her face . 
 her body swayed and the phone dropped from her nerveless fingers . 
 strange icy prickles shot across her skin . 
 lights flashed before her eyes . 
 her body fell to the floor . 
 and she stumbled back into the dreams of a dead man . 
 chapter 1 like a child , i fear the darkness . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , september 8 , 1068 savannah daniels gathered her strength and pulled herself over the high granite wall . 
 she slipped over its edge and fell to the ground , landing with a soft thud . 
 blood covered her body and her torn clothes . 
 it was a miracle that she 'd made it up the mountain . 
 her small rental car had died on her hours ago . 
 halfway up the treacherous mountain road , it had sputtered once and then stopped . 
 steam had burst from beneath the toyota 's hood . 
 no amount of begging , pleading or cursing had been able to start the engine again . 
 she 'd gotten out of the car , and she 'd done the only thing that she could . 
 she 'd walked . 
 for miles , she 'd walked along the graveled road . 
 walked until her feet ached , until blisters grew on her heels and toes . 
 she 'd kept walking , long after the graveled road had ended . 
 she 'd climbed under the barbed wire fence , ripping her clothes and the skin of her arms and back . 
 the stone wall had been her last hurdle . 
 the last obstacle in her path . 
 she could see the house now , its imposing stone structure standing stark and strong against the mountain . 
 thin streams of light shone from its high , gothic windows . 
 the light seemed to beckon her , promising her safety from the dark night , if only she would come inside . 
 for a moment , the howling of the wind quieted , and savannah stared in silence at what lay before her . 
 she knew what she would find inside the walls of that house . 
 a monster . 
 a man . 
 a demon . 
 a savior . 
 for the past six months , she 'd researched him carefully . 
 she 'd learned every detail that she could about william dark . 
 every horrifying detail . 
 sometimes , she woke screaming in the night , his name upon her lips . 
 but the nightmares did not matter . 
 she needed william dark . 
 she needed the monster . 
 she needed the man . 
 and she would have him . 
 she approached the house slowly , almost timidly . 
 her tennis shoes crunched over the wet gravel . 
 it had rained earlier in the day , and the air still smelled of the shower . 
 there was no sound in the courtyard . 
 no birds chirping . 
 no dogs barking . 
 not even the howl of the wind intruded on this quiet space . 
 she was the only intruder . 
 her stomach clenched , and she swallowed several times to relieve the tightness in her throat . 
 her heart pounded furiously . 
 she wondered if he could hear the desperate beating . 
 from their perch high atop the house , two hideous gargoyles glared down at her , warning her away from their master . 
 savannah lifted her bruised chin in silent challenge . 
 she had not let her friends dissuade her from her journey . 
 she certainly would not be frightened off by two statues ! 
 even if they did seem to stare down at her , their glittering eyes following her every move . 
 finally , she stood before a tall , wooden door . 
 a cross had been crudely etched into its surface . 
 she stared at the spiritual sign , wondering at its presence . 
 at its meaning in this place of darkness . 
 it did n't belong there . 
 neither did she . 
 but she was n't going to leave . 
 not until she 'd gotten what she needed . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 the door opened before she could even lift her hand to knock against its hard surface . 
 he opened the door . 
 for a moment , she could only stare up at him in stunned surprise . 
 even in the night 's shadow , she could tell that it was he . 
 he towered over her slender form . 
 he was tall , easily over six feet , and his broad shoulders seemed to fill the doorframe . 
 his long midnight hair was pulled back and clasped at the base of his neck . 
 his eyes , a burning coal-black , seemed to glow as they stared piercingly into her own . 
 she 'd seen a sketch of him before , of course . 
 she 'd known what he looked like . 
 but seeing him up close was an entirely different matter . 
 she had n't realized just how high and strong his cheekbones were , or how sensual his lips would be . 
 his nose was perfectly straight , if a little sharp . 
 his brow was high and elegant . 
 he was an attractive man , even with the thin scar that sliced down his left cheek . 
 she knew how he had gotten that scar . 
 she knew everything about the man before her . 
 he was dressed in black , the color accentuating his tawny skin and making him look almost ... sinister . 
 he stood within the shadows , watching her . 
 finally , he spoke . 
 `` you are not welcome here . '' 
 his voice was a purr , a seductive contrast to the harsh words . 
 a slight english accent marked his formal words . 
 savannah was not surprised by his abruptness . 
 after all , it was the greeting that she 'd expected . 
 in a quick rush , she said , `` i must speak with you , mr. dark . '' 
 her voice shook with intensity . 
 he had to let her inside the house . 
 he had to ! 
 his head lifted slightly . 
 did curiosity flicker faintly in the depths of his black eyes ? 
 savannah could n't tell , not for certain . 
 must you ? '' 
 he queried . 
 his voice seemed to wrap around her , to sink into her . 
 she shook her head , clearing the sudden fog from her mind . 
 `` let me come inside , '' savannah entreated , trying in vain to stare around his shadowed body and glimpse the interior of the manor . 
 `` we have to talk . 
 it 's urgent . 
 he shook his head and stepped forward into a thin beam of light . 
 `` you are not welcome here , '' he repeated . 
 savannah gathered her courage and stared at the man before her . 
 `` please let me come inside . 
 it 's a matter of life or death . 
 a single black brow lifted . 
 his gaze slowly traveled from the top of her head to the bottom of her sodden shoes . 
 `` you are a very stubborn woman , ms. - daniels , '' she supplied in a rush . 
 `` my name is savannah daniels . 
 he nodded , as if he had already known her name . 
 `` you may come inside , but only for a moment . '' 
 he stepped back , opening the entranceway to his home . 
 she exhaled heavily . 
 sudden relief made her tired body tremble . 
 he was letting her inside ! 
 now , if only she could convince him to help her . 
 her body brushed against his as she slipped into the house . 
 her shoulder casually touched his chest . 
 for a moment , his black eyes flared red . 
 she hurriedly moved away and into the foyer . 
 william lifted his arm and indicated an open door to the right . 
 she nodded and stepped into the room . 
 a warm fire crackled in the fireplace . 
 she immediately walked to it and lifted her hands , eager to feel the warmth . 
 she was so cold . 
 had been cold , for so long . 
 ever since that night ... william continued to watch her , his stare hard and unflinching . 
 savannah wondered what he saw when he looked at her . 
 she glanced nervously down at herself . 
 she knew she looked horrible . 
 her clothes and hair were a complete mess . 
 but even on a good day , she 'd never considered herself to be a great beauty . 
 her hair was too curly , the color too red . 
 true , it was thick and cut to fall lightly against her shoulders , but she 'd always hated the bright color . 
 her body was small and slender . 
 in her heels , she stood at five foot five . 
 she 'd lost a lot of weight in the last year , so now she looked particularly delicate . 
 almost frail . 
 she exhaled heavily . 
 there was nothing she could do about her appearance . 
 besides , that did n't matter . 
 her hands clenched into small fists , and she turned resolutely from the fire . 
 i need your help . '' 
 the words echoed in the great room . 
 william lounged in a large , cushioned chair . 
 `` my help ? 
 what is it exactly that you need me to do , ms. daniels ? 
 she swallowed and moved to take the chair opposite him . 
 she 'd known this was n't going to be easy . 
 she cleared her throat and looked deeply into the darkness of his eyes . 
 `` i need you to kill someone , '' she said simply , clearly . 
 he blinked . 
 once . 
 twice . 
 `` excuse me ? 
 savannah licked her lips . 
 his eyes followed the nervous movement . 
 `` i need you to kill someone , '' she repeated , her gaze locked with his . 
 william laughed . 
 he threw back his dark head and roared . 
 his shoulders shook with mirth . 
 still smiling , he turned in his chair to study the young woman before him . 
 in truth , she was all flaming hair and eyes . 
 she rather reminded him of a fairy . 
 a small , lost little fairy . 
 it was a pity that she 'd wandered into his realm . 
 her face was a delicate oval . 
 her skin was incredibly translucent . 
 her nose was small , and her lips were temptingly full . 
 yet , it was her eyes that caught and held his attention . 
 they were the greenest eyes that he had ever seen . 
 dark , deep , emerald eyes . 
 her rioting red curls contrasted richly with her eyes , giving her a strangely fey quality . 
 his gaze traveled down her body . 
 her br ** sts were small , gentle mounds that thrust proudly against her gray sweatshirt . 
 her ni ** les were pebbled slightly from the cold . 
 her hips were small , almost boyish , and her slender legs were encased in a pair of faded blue jeans . 
 the faint scent of blood clung to her body . 
 the scent called softly to him , tempted him . 
 he took a deep breath and leaned back in his chair . 
 one of his hands lifted to rub against the hard line of his jaw . 
 what sort of game was the little fairy playing ? 
 surely she did not think to tangle with one such as he ... what makes you think i would kill someone ? '' 
 he drawled , his voice soft . 
 he watched her carefully , noting the slight tremor in her hands . 
 her green eyes narrowed . 
 `` i know about you , '' she whispered , her fingers curling into the chair 's armrest . 
 his body stilled . 
 `` what is it that you think you know ? '' 
 the amusement of moments before was gone . 
 ice coated his words . 
 i know your secret , mr. dark . '' 
 her voice was a hushed thread of sound . 
 william felt a sudden tension stretch through his body . 
 he studied the fairy very carefully . 
 he considered reaching into the depths of her mind , but he discarded the notion almost immediately . 
 he wanted to see what truths she would reveal on her own . 
 or what lies . 
 i know who you are . '' 
 she paused , and then said softly , `` or rather , i know what you are . '' 
 her full lips curled tentatively . 
 `` you might say that i 'm something of an expert on you . 
 his own lips curved just slightly , though he knew that no trace of warmth filled his smile . 
 `` an expert ? 
 on me ? '' 
 rage filled him , but with an effort , he managed to keep his voice controlled as he asked , `` why am i so important to you ? 
 i assure you , my life is not that exciting . 
 she leaned forward . 
 `` on the contrary , your life is fascinating . 
 a sudden crash of thunder echoed in the distance . 
 i am a man , no more , no less . 
 my life is like any other . 
 she vehemently shook her head . 
 `` you are much more than a man , mr. dark , and we both know that . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` i know what you are , '' she whispered . 
 `` i know . 
 his jaw clenched . 
 `` you know nothing . '' 
 he stood abruptly . 
 `` it 's time that you left . 
 she jumped from her chair and took a step toward him . 
 `` i 'm not leaving . 
 i need your help ! 
 he shook his head once . 
 `` i can not help you , lady . 
 i ca n't help anyone . 
 i need you . '' 
 dark intensity filled her words and her gaze . 
 william frowned . 
 he rose and walked slowly toward her . 
 his fingers lifted and curled around her delicate chin . 
 he stared down at her , a furrow between his brows . 
 `` you do n't even know me . 
 i know everything about you . 
 his head cocked to the side . 
 `` and what you know-it makes you think that i would kill someone ? 
 she swallowed . 
 `` yes . 
 you think i 'm a killer ? '' 
 he asked , just to be certain . 
 yes . '' 
 savannah 's body tensed as she waited for his reaction . 
 he smiled . 
 his fingers stroked the delicate line of her jaw . 
 `` i think you 're confused . 
 very , very confused . 
 i 'm not a killer . 
 i 'm just a man . 
 a man who wants to be left alone . '' 
 he released her and walked toward the crackling fire . 
 you were a man once , '' she agreed . 
 `` but you 're not any longer . 
 you stopped being just a man almost a thousand years ago . 
 he turned and lunged toward her in a blur of speed . 
 his right hand locked around the slender column of her throat . 
 her pulse pounded furiously beneath the cool touch of his fingers . 
 she spoke quickly , knowing she had not a moment to lose . 
 the beast had been roused . 
 `` in 1038 , you were born william de montfort . 
 in battle , you earned the name william the dark . 
 it was said that you earned that name because of your love for the dark arts . 
 it was the evil magic you used then that made you into what you are now . 
 his fingers eased their tight hold and began to tenderly stroke the sensitive skin of her throat . 
 `` and what am i , ms. daniels ? 
 her lashes lowered slowly and then lifted to meet his burning stare . 
 his blood red stare . 
 `` you 're a vampire . 
 his incisors extended , long and deadly . 
 his eyes , those burning eyes , held her captive . 
 his hand continued to stroke the column of her neck . 
 `` and you are a fool . 
 his head lowered , and she realized with numb shock that he was going to bite her . 
 he was going to take her blood . 
 eagerly , she tilted her head back , offering herself to him . 
 his breath was hot against the tender skin of her throat . 
 she waited , desperate to feel the plunge of his teeth as he drank from her . 
 she just hoped that it did n't hurt too much ... she expected to feel the slashing cut of his teeth against her . 
 instead , she felt the rough velvet of his tongue as he licked her throbbing pulse . 
 slowly . 
 once . 
 twice . 
 her breathing hitched , and she heard herself moan . 
 his teeth scraped lightly against her skin . 
 his tongue licked . 
 his scent surrounded her . 
 strong . 
 dark . 
 the scent of the night . 
 you want this , do n't you , little one ? 
 his voice purred seductively , although his lips did not move . 
 you came here for this , did n't you ? 
 he began to gently suckle on her neck . 
 yes , '' she whispered , as her arms lifted to clutch his shoulders and pull him closer to her body . 
 her eyes were tightly closed . 
 william drew back slowly , wondering about the woman 's motives , about her willingness to surrender to a monster . 
 then he remembered what she 'd said . 
 `` you wanted me to kill someone for you . '' 
 it was a statement . 
 what he had taken as a jest before suddenly seemed very serious . 
 who was this woman ? 
 and why did she seek the angel of death ? 
 yes , '' she whispered again , refusing to open her eyes . 
 look at me . 
 the command came unbidden . 
 the full force of his will was behind the order . 
 he would know what the woman in his arms wanted , what dangers she presented to him . 
 then he would deal with her . 
 who do you want me to kill ? 
 her lashes lifted slowly , languorously . 
 her breathing was ragged . 
 her chest rose and fell jerkily . 
 `` me . 
 i want you to kill me . '' 
 then her hands lifted and she buried them in his hair . 
 she tightened her hold , silently urging his mouth back to her neck . 
 back to the place where her pulse pounded so frantically . 
 his eyes widened in shock . 
 he , who had seen countless wars and deaths , was shocked by her statement . 
 by her invitation . 
 yet what shocked him more was how much he was tempted . 
 for he desperately wanted to take the little fairy up on her offer . 
 he wanted to take her blood ... and her life . 
 with an effort , he forced himself to step back , to release her from his embrace . 
 he stared at her , wondering why one so young and full of life would possibly want to surrender to the darkness . 
 what demon had driven her to seek him out ? 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asked as he moved back into the shadows of the room . 
 `` why do you seek death ? 
 her hands clenched and frustration flashed across her delicate features . 
 `` my motives should n't matter to you . 
 he cocked a dark brow . 
 `` they do . '' 
 he 'd never had someone just come to him , without compulsion , and offer blood . 
 offer life . 
 he 'd found that humans valued life too much to want to just give it away to a beast . 
 her jaw clenched . 
 `` i want you to bite me . 
 yes . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` but i am not going to do it . '' 
 he 'd learned long ago to control his dark urges . 
 and , even though she had come to him looking for death , he would not give it to her . 
 the tattered remains of his conscience would not let him . 
 you should leave now . '' 
 he motioned toward the door . 
 she shook her head , sending her dark red curls flying . 
 `` i 'm not leaving . 
 i did n't come all this way just to have you refuse me . '' 
 her face seemed unnaturally pale in the flickering firelight . 
 `` i ca n't let you refuse me . 
 i told you , i need your help . 
 and i told you no . 
 now , it is time for you to leave . 
 her chest rose and fell jerkily . 
 `` you have to help to me . 
 if you do n't , i 'll tell everyone about you . 
 i 'll go to all the papers , all the news channels - he laughed softly , mockingly . 
 `` come now . 
 do you really think they will believe you ? '' 
 he shook his dark head . 
 `` if you go to them and say that i 'm a vampire , they 'll laugh at you . '' 
 and quite possibly lock her up . 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` they will believe me if i have proof . 
 and what proof do you have ? '' 
 he scoffed . 
 she smiled , showing even white teeth . 
 `` i have your brother 's diary . 
 henry 's diary . 
 i translated it . 
 he tensed . 
 the beast within him snarled in rage . 
 `` and where ... '' he clenched his back teeth and felt his incisors burn and lengthen . '' 
 ... did you get that little prize ? 
 it does n't matter , does it ? '' 
 she walked toward him . 
 `` i have his diary , and i 'll show it to everyone that i can . 
 everyone . 
 eventually , someone will believe me . 
 your secret will be out . '' 
 she stopped a foot away from him . 
 `` and , then , mr. dark , after hunting prey for a millennium , you 'll be the one who is hunted . 
 you really want death , do n't you ? '' 
 he asked , wonder in his voice . 
 death is just a means to an end , '' she replied , the expression in her eyes secretive . 
 he grabbed her shoulders roughly . 
 `` i do n't like blackmail , '' he growled . 
 he was so close to her that he could hear her heartbeat , that he could feel its desperate rhythm shaking through her body . 
 and he could almost taste her . 
 neither do i. '' genuine regret seemed to lace her words . 
 `` but i do n't have a choice . 
 yes , you do . 
 leave now . 
 no . 
 he looked deeply into her emerald gaze and saw both determination and fear . 
 he tried to play on the fear . 
 `` if i do as you ask , you will feel pain like you ca n't imagine . 
 fear like you 've never known . 
 i will drain all of the blood from your beautiful body . 
 i will drink from you until there is nothing left . '' 
 he touched her cheek gently . 
 `` and then i will throw away your rotting corpse . '' 
 his smile was chilling . 
 i 've felt fear before . '' 
 her words were calm , but her lips trembled . 
 `` i 've felt pain . 
 more pain that even you can imagine . 
 he was surprised by the anger that swept through him . 
 the idea that someone , somewhere , had hurt this strange woman filled him with rage . 
 a rage that had no reason . 
 his fingers clenched around her shoulders . 
 `` who hurt - she jerked back , away from him . 
 `` it does n't matter right now . 
 it mattered . 
 for some unknown reason , it mattered very much to him . 
 are you going to help me ? '' 
 she asked again . 
 you mean , am i going to kill you ? '' 
 in truth , he found that he hungered for the taste of her blood . 
 for her . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` look , we 're wasting time . 
 i know how it works . 
 i told you , i 've done my research . 
 ah , yes ... your research . '' 
 his words mocked her . 
 i know what has to be done , '' she said stubbornly , her bright gaze locked on his . 
 `` i know that i have to die in order to become ... become what ? '' 
 he asked as a dark suspicion wrapped its way around him . 
 surely she could n't mean - like you . 
 chapter 2 evil lives in this world . 
 i have seen it . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , october 5 , 1068 silence filled the room . 
 savannah held her breath , praying with all of her strength that she had n't made a mistake by coming here , by coming to william . 
 he had been her last resort . 
 her only choice . 
 if she were to have her vengeance , then she would need him . 
 finally , just when she thought the silence would never end , he spoke . 
 his words were slow , considering . 
 `` so it is n't true death that you seek , is it , little one ? 
 you want the kiss , the kiss of immortality . 
 the kiss of the vampire . '' 
 he sounded almost disappointed . 
 yes , that 's what i want . '' 
 no , it was n't really what she wanted , but it was what she had to have . 
 she had to become like him , to become one the walking dead , if she were to complete her plans . 
 otherwise , all would be lost . 
 you are n't so different , after all . '' 
 he turned away dismissively and walked out of the room . 
 her temples began to pound . 
 she ignored the pain and hurried after him . 
 `` wait ! 
 stop ! 
 he was in the foyer . 
 he pulled open the strong wooden door . 
 the darkness from the night spilled into the room . 
 it almost seemed as if the darkness were waiting for her , waiting to claim her . 
 good night , ms. daniels . 
 no ! '' 
 she slammed the door , shutting out the night . 
 `` you have to help me . 
 i have n't helped any of those other poor fools who came to me over the years and asked for the kiss . '' 
 a cynical smile curled his lips as he read the surprise on her face . 
 `` what ? 
 did you think you were the first to discover my nature ? 
 savannah felt a flush stain her cheeks . 
 yes , she had thought that she 'd been the first . 
 from the instant that she learned of william dark 's existence , she had felt a strange kinship with him . 
 a special link had seemed to exist between them . 
 but , perhaps that had just been in her mind , too . 
 there have been at least a dozen others who have come to me over the centuries . '' 
 william shrugged his broad shoulders . 
 `` they all stumbled upon the truth of my existence in one manner or another . 
 and they all wanted the kiss . 
 men , women . 
 young and old . 
 they did n't care what they would have to do once they were transformed . 
 they did n't care about what they would become . 
 they just wanted the kiss . 
 savannah swallowed to ease her suddenly parched throat . 
 fear rolled through her . 
 william was going to refuse her , as he 'd done with others a dozen times before . 
 i did n't change them . 
 and i 'm not going to change you . 
 but if you do n't , i 'll - a gust of wind knocked the door open and flew through the foyer , sending savannah 's hair whipping around her face . 
 `` no threats ! '' 
 william growled . 
 `` all of the others threatened me . 
 first they begged , pleaded , and when that did n't work , they threatened . 
 and do you know what i did to them ? 
 staring into his swirling eyes , savannah was afraid to ask about their fate . 
 i could have killed them . 
 i could have drained them dry or broken their necks . 
 then i would n't have had to worry about their sad attempts at blackmail . 
 savannah winced . 
 but i did n't do that , '' he said , his voice suddenly changing , lowering , flowing around her , through her , like rich wine . 
 `` i did n't have to kill them . 
 and do you know why ? 
 why ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 his head lowered toward hers . 
 `` vampires have many powers . 
 both physical and mental . 
 savannah knew all about the powers that vampires possessed . 
 the superhuman strength , the psychic talents . 
 it was said that some could fly . 
 some could shapeshift . 
 and some could control the actions of humans with but a stray thought . 
 mind control . 
 a shudder racked her body . 
 he smiled . 
 `` that 's right . 
 i did n't have to kill them because i simply made them forget . 
 as i will make you forget ... his lips touched hers , a light , fleeting touch . 
 a tingle shot through her body at the contact . 
 that 's the only kiss you 'll be getting from me , sweet savannah . 
 count yourself lucky for it . 
 he stepped back , and with one hand , he lifted her chin , forcing her eyes to lock on his . 
 `` now , it 's time for you to go . 
 go back to your nice little world and forget me . 
 forget all about me and the kiss that you wanted . 
 as savannah stared into his eyes , she felt as if her grip on the world was slipping away . 
 the light in the foyer suddenly seemed incredibly dim . 
 shadows surrounded william , and all she could see were his eyes , burning red . 
 forget , savannah . 
 forget me . 
 forget the kiss . 
 a scream of denial trembled against her lips . 
 a scream that was never voiced , for in the next instant , the darkness overwhelmed her and savannah could remember no more . 
 * * * * he had no trouble taking her back to town , back to the small hotel room that she 'd rented at the edge of the city . 
 when they 'd gone down the mountain , he 'd seen her car . 
 it had sat , small and abandoned , on the old gravel drive . 
 he would have to make arrangements for the car to be returned to her . 
 in the mean time , he would plant an explanation for its absence in her mind . 
 he was very good at planting compulsions . 
 as they 'd traveled , he 'd cloaked their presence . 
 no one would remember them . 
 even the few residents of town who had seen them would not actually be able to recall their presence . 
 it was n't as if there had even been that many people out to see them . 
 tyler , north carolina was n't exactly the big city . 
 there were a few shops and businesses along the main street , but most of the residents actually lived in nearby cabins . 
 nestled in the mountains , the city was occasionally visited by tourists hoping to get away from the rigors of big-city life . 
 but even at the height of the tourist season , the town still only boasted a few thousand residents . 
 it was a small town , quiet and secluded . 
 perfect for him . 
 with a wave of his hand , the door to savannah 's room flew open and he carried her inside . 
 she was still unconscious , a result of the strong compulsion he 'd given her . 
 in repose , her features looked incredibly fragile . 
 and incredibly lovely . 
 her body felt good in his arms . 
 warm . 
 alive . 
 it had been years , too many years , since he 'd felt the warmth of a woman against him . 
 his body stirred with needs that he 'd long thought dead . 
 quickly , before he could change his mind , he placed her on the small bed . 
 the springs squeaked softly as they took her weight . 
 for a moment , he hesitated , staring down at her . 
 she looked so good . 
 so pure . 
 why would one such as she coming looking for him ? 
 he shook his head . 
 it did n't matter . 
 when she woke , she would have no memory of him . 
 but he would remember her . 
 he turned from the bed , from her , and forced himself to survey the room . 
 henry 's diary was here . 
 it had to be in the room . 
 he spotted her luggage sticking out of a small closet . 
 he took a step toward it . 
 on the bed , savannah stirred . 
 she moaned and her thick lashes lifted . 
 william spun around in shock . 
 impossible ! 
 she could n't be waking . 
 she could n't - william ? '' 
 her voice was thick , husky . 
 it sent a shaft of desire burning though him . 
 he stared at her in wonder . 
 she remembered him . 
 she 'd woken on her own , despite the compulsion , and she remembered him . 
 impossible . 
 how could she - she licked her lips . 
 her head lifted and she met this gaze . 
 `` i remember you . '' 
 she shook her head in confusion . 
 `` i thought you said i would forget . 
 she should have forgotten . 
 never before had someone resisted his compulsion . 
 she looked around the room . 
 her gaze fell on a small framed picture on the bedside table . 
 a smiling man with dark hair and emerald eyes looked back at her . 
 a faint sheen of tears filled her eyes . 
 `` i still remember everything . 
 everything . 
 william sat down beside her on the bed . 
 he cocked his head and studied her . 
 `` i was wrong . 
 you 're not like the others . '' 
 he placed his hands on either side of her head . 
 savannah felt a strange pressure . 
 it was like she could feel him , from inside her mind . 
 `` wh-what are you doing ? 
 he frowned and dropped his hands . 
 `` your mind ... it 's different . 
 she bit her lip . 
 sadness filled her . 
 `` i 'm more different than you can possibly know . '' 
 her hand reached for his . 
 william froze . 
 i need you to help me . 
 please . 
 his gaze remained locked on her hand . 
 `` i 've already told you , i ca n't . 
 you must help me . 
 why ? 
 because you 're the only one who can . 
 the faint light from the rising sun flickered through the window . 
 william stood abruptly . 
 `` i have to go . 
 william , i - meet me at midnight , '' he surprised her by saying . 
 `` at jake 's . 
 jake 's ? '' 
 savannah had arrived in town just before sunset . 
 she 'd only had time to rent a room before heading off in search of william dark . 
 it 's a bar on miller street . 
 just follow the sound of the music . 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 'll be there . '' 
 she looked nervously toward the window . 
 `` is it safe for you to - he was gone . 
 just that fast , he 'd vanished . 
 savannah searched her room , but she could find no trace of him . 
 he 'd disappeared . 
 into thin air . 
 she walked slowly toward the bed . 
 she could n't believe that she 'd done it . 
 after all of those months of planning , she 'd finally done it . 
 she sat down and reached for the picture . 
 as always , the sight of her brother caused her chest to tighten with grief . 
 `` soon , mark . 
 i promise . 
 you 'll have your vengeance . 
 soon . 
 she gently put the frame back in its place , and with hands that trembled , she opened the nightstand drawer . 
 she took out a small , unmarked plastic bottle . 
 she shook the bottle and two pills spilled into her palm . 
 she stared at the innocuous looking white pills . 
 the doctors had prescribed them for her months ago . 
 they were supposed to help her . 
 not make her better , for nothing could do that . 
 but they were supposed to keep the pain away . 
 and they did . 
 sometimes . 
 sometimes they completely stopped the pain . 
 and sometimes they did n't do a damn thing . 
 of course , they never stopped the nightmares . 
 she did n't think anything could stop them . 
 * * * * he sat in the darkest corner of the bar , his back against the hard black wall , and he waited for her . 
 he ignored the crowd around him . 
 the dancing . 
 the laughter . 
 it held no interest for him . 
 the people in the bar , with their tight clothing and desperate eyes , did n't affect him . 
 but she did . 
 the moment that she stepped inside the dim bar , he felt her . 
 in every inch of his body , he felt her . 
 and he hungered . 
 she wore a short black skirt that fell to mid-thigh . 
 her glorious legs immediately captured his attention . 
 they were long and slender . 
 delicately muscled . 
 her matching top dipped daringly low , revealing more than a hint of her cle ** age . 
 her firm br ** sts pressed enticingly against her shirt 's front , and he realized that he could see her ni ** les . 
 every muscle in his body tightened . 
 strained . 
 hungered . 
 he was aware that others noticed her , too . 
 several men turned to watch her as she slowly made her way through the crowded bar . 
 one fool even reached out and placed his hand upon her shoulder . 
 william studied the man carefully , memorizing his features . 
 the fellow would pay for that careless touch . 
 savannah smiled at the man , and william saw her murmur softly to him . 
 the hand fell away from her body , and she once again began walking toward him . 
 william rose and went to meet her . 
 he grabbed her arm and pulled her toward him . 
 what do you think you are doing ? '' 
 his voice was a low growl . 
 she lifted one delicate auburn brow . 
 `` meeting you ? 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 `` why are you dressed like that ? 
 we 're at a bar , '' she reminded him , a small smile playing around the corners of her mouth . 
 `` i wanted to fit in . 
 she would n't fit in . 
 a woman like her would always stand out from the crowd . 
 `` well , you 're not fitting in . 
 you 're attracting more attention than we want . '' 
 he hated the way the other men stared at her . 
 he hated their lust-filled gazes . 
 and he hated even more that his own stare was filled with the same crazed need . 
 he steered her toward his waiting booth . 
 at least the shadows would protect her from some of the prying eyes . 
 coming to jake 's had obviously been a mistake . 
 when she sat down , he followed her , moving his body close to hers . 
 savannah reached into her bag and pulled out a brown package . 
 `` here . 
 william frowned . 
 `` what is this ? 
 henry 's diary . 
 his eyes widened in surprise . 
 she smiled . 
 `` i figured you should have it back . 
 he carefully unwrapped the precious gift . 
 he peeled the paper away slowly and stared in wonder at the leather volume . 
 his fingers delicately caressed the soft cover . 
 he traced his family 's crest and could have sworn that he actually felt heat , felt life , coming from the book . 
 `` thank you . 
 you 're welcome . '' 
 she frowned and looked around the bar . 
 a band screamed lyrics from a lifted stage and a mass of bodies danced vigorously on the small dance floor . 
 `` do you come here often ? 
 he almost smiled at her question . 
 almost , and then he remembered his purpose in bringing her to jake 's . 
 savannah had a lesson that she needed to learn . 
 he carefully rewrapped the book and tucked it inside his coat pocket . 
 he would explore that treasure later . 
 i come here when i have a ... need . 
 her brow furrowed . 
 `` a need ? 
 i do n't understand . 
 no , of course she did n't . 
 but she would . 
 he leaned close to her , letting his breath fan against the delicate skin of her neck . 
 the scent of lavender rose to tease his nostrils . 
 savannah , '' he breathed against her and had the pleasure of watching her shiver . 
 `` look at those people . 
 what do you see ? 
 she wet her lips and his gaze avidly followed that small , sensual movement . 
 `` i see ... '' he lifted his hand and rubbed it against her thigh . 
 she jumped . 
 `` ah ... i see people dancing . 
 laughing . 
 having a good time . 
 really ? '' 
 he purred . 
 `` that 's not what i see . '' 
 he leaned forward and lightly licked her neck . 
 she gasped . 
 he loved the taste of her . 
 so rich . 
 so sweet . 
 he wondered if her blood would taste the same . 
 and he knew , with sudden certainty , that he would have to find out . 
 he would n't be able to let her go . 
 not without first having a taste . 
 a taste of her . 
 wh-what do you see ? '' 
 she asked softly , arching her neck . 
 he could read her need so easily . 
 she wanted him to bite her . 
 to sink his teeth into her delicate skin . 
 she still wanted the kiss . 
 he had to force her to change her mind . 
 before he gave in to her need . 
 his need . 
 i see food . '' 
 his voice took on a harsh , grated edge . 
 `` i see blood . 
 she tried to jerk away from him . 
 effortlessly , he held her in place . 
 `` look at them , savannah . 
 look at them . 
 look at how fragile they are . 
 how delicate . 
 it 's so easy to break them . 
 so easy to kill them . 
 she lifted her chin and looked at him . 
 her eyes glistened with a faint sheen of tears . 
 `` you 're trying to scare me . '' 
 she shook her head once , almost sadly . 
 `` it 's not going to work . 
 you 're not going to make me change my mind . 
 we 'll see , '' he growled and pulled her from the booth . 
 she followed docilely , allowing him to lead her onto the crowded dance floor . 
 bodies brushed against him as he passed . 
 scents flooded his nostrils . 
 cheap perfume . 
 booze . 
 sex . 
 he wondered if savannah noticed the smells . 
 he doubted it . 
 his sense of smell was ten times stronger than a mortal 's . 
 as was his vision . 
 he stopped in the middle of the dance floor . 
 savannah stumbled into him . 
 what - he paid her no attention . 
 his eyes were locked on the man who 'd touched her only moments before . 
 like savannah , he was young , probably in his late twenties . 
 he had sandy hair and blue eyes . 
 he had a long , lanky build , and a tattoo of a black snake circled his upper arm . 
 the guy was currently dancing with a scantily clad blonde . 
 his hands were locked on her hips , and hers were tunneling through his hair . 
 william smiled . 
 he would be perfect . 
 and so would she . 
 what are you doing ? '' 
 savannah asked , fear heavy in her voice . 
 she tugged on his arm . 
 `` let 's go back to the booth . 
 not just yet , '' he murmured . 
 then he waited . 
 the guy looked up , seeming to sense william . 
 their gazes locked . 
 william 's eyes flared red . 
 `` come with me , '' he commanded . 
 the man nodded , his face slack . 
 he pulled away from the blonde and took a step toward william . 
 slade ? 
 what are you doin ' ? '' 
 the blonde grabbed his arm . 
 `` we ai n't through dancin ' yet ! '' 
 she turned and noticed william . 
 her gaze flashed with sudden interest and she smiled flirtatiously . 
 `` well , hi there , honey . 
 you a friend of slade 's ? 
 not exactly , '' william murmured , turning the full force of his burning gaze upon her . 
 `` why do n't you come outside with us ? 
 she blinked once . 
 her features softened , her lips parted . 
 `` okay . 
 stop it ! '' 
 savannah whispered . 
 he could feel the tension humming through her body . 
 `` stop playing with them . 
 he looked at her , letting her see the blood lust that swirled in the depths of his eyes . 
 he had n't fed that day , and the hunger was riding him hard . 
 `` i 'm not playing . 
 he headed for the back door . 
 slade and his girl eagerly followed . 
 he glanced over his shoulder . 
 savannah stood frozen on the dance floor , an expression of horror covering her lovely face . 
 good . 
 she should be horrified . 
 her horror would send her running back home . 
 away from him . 
 the thought did n't please him as much as it should have . 
 the crowd parted easily before him . 
 in moments , he could see the back door , its metal surface gleaming dully in the poor florescent light . 
 with one well-placed kick , he forced the door open , its hinges screeching in protest . 
 he scanned the back alley . 
 a stray black cat screeched and jumped behind a dumpster . 
 he smiled , turned to face his victims , and motioned to slade . 
 `` come here . 
 slade stumbled toward him , almost tripping in his haste . 
 do n't do this , '' savannah beseeched , walking slowly toward him . 
 `` please , do n't do this . 
 he was surprised that she 'd followed him outside . 
 he would have thought that she 'd run from the bar . 
 from him . 
 apparently , it was going to take more to frighten her away . 
 he stared down at slade , and the man eagerly tilted his head to the side , arching his neck . 
 william felt his incisors burn and lengthen . 
 he looked at savannah , and he smiled , showing his razor sharp fangs . 
 do n't worry , savannah . 
 it wo n't hurt him ... much . 
 he lowered his head toward slade 's vulnerable throat . 
 no ! '' 
 savannah screamed , shoving against his back . 
 `` let him go ! 
 william snarled and tightened his grasp on slade . 
 he was n't about to let his prey get away . 
 do n't ! '' 
 savannah 's eyes were wide and luminous . 
 her nails dug into his back . 
 `` just let him go . '' 
 she glanced quickly over at slade 's frozen companion . 
 `` let them both go . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't do that . 
 why ? 
 he turned his head and let her see his burning stare . 
 let her see the beast that was within him . 
 `` because i 'm hungry ... her lips trembled and her face became chalk-white . 
 william expected her to run from the alley at any moment . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` i ca n't let you hurt him . 
 he arched a dark brow . 
 `` i have to feed . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i need the blood . 
 she pushed slade back and stepped protectively between his body and william 's . 
 her gaze met his . 
 then take mine . 
 chapter 3 my brother shares my secret , my torment . 
 he will walk with me in the shadows , past the angels and past the devils . 
 he will walk with me through eternity . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , october 31 , 1068 lust flared through him at her bold offer . 
 it was what he 'd wanted , what he 'd craved , since the first moment that he 'd seen her . 
 to taste her . 
 to drink from her . 
 it would be ecstasy to hold her body , to feel her br ** sts pressed against his chest . 
 his body clenched at the thought . 
 it would be heaven . 
 or , at least , as close to heaven as he would ever get . 
 take my blood , '' her soft voice entreated , tempted . 
 the beast within him raged . 
 he felt his control slipping . 
 he 'd intended to only drink lightly from slade , taking just enough blood to get through until the next full moon . 
 he 'd also wanted to frighten the man , to punish him for daring to touch savannah . 
 and , he 'd wanted to frighten savannah , to force her to realize the reality of his existence . 
 to force her to give up her crazed notion of becoming a vampire . 
 becoming like him . 
 but it seemed that his plan was n't working . 
 she was n't acting as he 'd anticipated . 
 and his hunger was growing out of control . 
 leave , '' he growled , and slade and his blonde companion fled down the alleyway . 
 they would n't remember their encounter with him . 
 he 'd planted a strong compulsion in their minds . 
 now , savannah was a different story . 
 his compulsion did n't work on her . 
 she would remember their encounter tonight . 
 she would remember every detail . 
 as the sound of fleeing footsteps echoed in the distance , they stared into each other 's eyes . 
 the moonlight spilled over savannah 's features and wrapped her in a gentle glow . 
 she looked almost otherworldly in the pale light . 
 like an angel that had fallen down to earth . 
 his gaze drifted over the garbage-filled alley . 
 or to hell . 
 are you going to do it ? '' 
 she asked , her hand lifting to touch her throat . 
 he followed her movement , his keen stare noting the pulse that beat frantically at the base of her neck . 
 he wanted to put his lips against that soft point . 
 to press his tongue against her . 
 i want you to do it , '' she whispered . 
 his control shattered . 
 he grabbed her , pushing her against the rough brick wall . 
 `` be careful what you ask for , sweet savannah , because you just might get it . 
 and he did what he 'd been hungering to do all night . 
 he put his mouth on her , his lips claiming hers in a kiss of hunger , of need . 
 her mouth was hot , tight , wet against his . 
 her tongue met his eagerly , and her arms wrapped tightly around his shoulders . 
 she pulled him close against the heat of her body . 
 she was burning with heat , with life , and he had been cold , so cold , for such a long time . 
 his hand fisted in her hair , the soft strands easily sifting between his fingers . 
 he tilted her head back , and she opened that delicious mouth of hers wider , letting him slide his tongue deep inside . 
 she tasted as he 'd known she would . 
 sweet , and just a little bit wild . 
 he could n't get enough of her . 
 he wanted more . 
 more . 
 all that she had to give . 
 his lower body was rock hard against her soft hips . 
 he pushed gently , letting her feel his need . 
 his hunger . 
 he 'd never wanted a woman this much . 
 never . 
 he did n't hear the sounds of the cars as they passed by on the main street . 
 he did n't hear the laughter or the conversations from the bar . 
 he forgot all about the dirty alley . 
 his only thought , his only focus , was her . 
 he pulled his mouth slowly from hers , kissing her gently now , using his tongue to flick against her lips . 
 she moaned softly , and the yearning sound tore through him . 
 his lips moved slowly down her chin , then down farther , sliding around the curve of her neck . 
 he licked her , tasting the salt on her skin . 
 he could feel her pulse , could feel the vibration against his lips . 
 he could smell her , the scent of lavender wrapping tightly around him . 
 he sucked gently on her throat . 
 do it , '' she whispered , her voice a husky purr of seduction . 
 and he could n't resist any longer . 
 his teeth sank deep . 
 she gasped , her body shaking in his arms . 
 with one hand , he held her head back , cradling her . 
 with the other , he pulled her hips tightly against his own . 
 his hips thrust against her . 
 his lips drank from her . 
 her blood was the sweetest he 'd ever tasted . 
 so pure . 
 so good . 
 he did n't know if he could ever get enough of that taste . 
 he drank , taking deeply of her essence , loving the feel of her in his arms . 
 loving her taste . 
 she shuddered , her lashes slowly lowering . 
 her body began to slip , to sag slightly against him . 
 he pulled back at once , his tongue licking away the drops of blood that trickled down her throat . 
 need still burned through him . 
 he wanted to strip away her clothes , to have her beautiful body bare before him . 
 he wanted to sink himself into her , deep into her , until he could not tell where he ended and she began . 
 his body ached for her . 
 did you ... '' she paused and wet her lips . '' 
 ... get what you wanted ? '' 
 her voice was thick , husky . 
 he stared down at her . 
 `` no , but i will ... soon . 
 she frowned , and her body swayed against his . 
 `` william ? 
 i - '' her head fell back , and she slumped against him . 
 he caught her easily in his arms , lifting her high up against his chest . 
 he cursed softly . 
 he 'd taken too much blood from her . 
 she was a small woman , delicate . 
 he should have used more care . 
 in truth , he never should have touched her . 
 he 'd given in to his need for savannah , and now that need was raging inside of him . 
 if he still had any conscience , he would let her go . 
 he would send her far , far away from the monster that he 'd become . 
 but his conscience had died a long time ago . 
 it had died in a blood soaked field in france . 
 it had died the moment he killed his brother . 
 his hands tightened around savannah 's still form . 
 she was the first thing that he 'd wanted , that he 'd needed , in over one thousand years . 
 and he did n't want to let her go . 
 * * * * savannah awoke with a start , her brother 's dying scream echoing in her mind . 
 her breath panted out , hard and fast , and her heart pounded furiously against her breast . 
 it 's all right , '' a man 's voice whispered from the darkness beside the bed . 
 `` you 're safe . 
 savannah froze . 
 she knew that voice . 
 `` william ? '' 
 she strained to see him in the shadows . 
 he stepped forward , and the moonlight from the open window spilled across his rough features . 
 she looked blankly around the unfamiliar room . 
 `` where are we ? '' 
 she shook her head , struggling to remember how she 'd gotten to this place and into this bed . 
 my home . '' 
 his unnerving stare was locked upon her . 
 savannah pushed back the bedcovers and hurriedly stood . 
 her body swayed . 
 at once , william reached to steady her . 
 his hands wrapped around her arms . 
 `` careful . 
 do n't move too quickly . 
 her body heated at his touch , and she looked away from him , glancing around the room . 
 trying to find something else , anything else , to focus upon . 
 moonlight spilled through the windows and lit the room . 
 she saw that the furniture was antique , heavy cherry wood . 
 a large four poster bed was the center piece of the room . 
 a silken white canopy clung to the top of the bed . 
 a vanity table and mirror were located near the far wall . 
 the mirror gleamed brightly . 
 a silver brush and matching comb sat on the table 's surface . 
 both looked as if they had never been used . 
 how did i get here ? '' 
 she asked curiously . 
 `` the last thing i remember was being in the alley ... '' her brow furrowed as she struggled to remember those last few moments . 
 he seemed to stiffen . 
 `` i brought you here , after - you bit me , '' she whispered , her hand rising to touch her throat . 
 `` i remember that you bit me ! 
 you took my blood . '' 
 she raced toward the vanity mirror . 
 she sat down heavily upon the cushioned chair and strained to see her neck in the mirror . 
 where was it ? 
 there ... two small marks , tiny circles , upon her throat . 
 he walked up behind her , and she glanced at him , stunned . 
 `` i can see you , '' she murmured . 
 a dark brow lifted . 
 in the mirror . 
 i can see you . 
 he smiled . 
 `` of course you can . 
 why would n't you be able to see me ? 
 but ... the legend says ... he shook his dark head and bent to inspect her small wounds . 
 `` forget the legend . 
 only half of it is true . '' 
 he frowned . 
 `` i 'm sorry for hurting you . 
 surprised , she stared at him . 
 his jaw clenched . 
 `` despite what you think , i really do n't enjoy hurting people . 
 she felt a hot blush hit her cheeks . 
 he was n't what she 'd expected . 
 in reality , she 'd expected to be disgusted by him . 
 repulsed . 
 after all , he was a killer , a vampire . 
 but when he 'd touched her in the alley , she had n't felt repulsed . 
 she 'd felt ... desire . 
 when he 'd kissed her , when he 'd touched her , a fire had burned deep within her body . 
 despite all reason , she 'd wanted him . 
 she had n't cared about where they were or who might see them . 
 she had n't cared about the dirt on the walls or the garbage on the ground . 
 william was all she 'd thought about . 
 and that knowledge shamed her to the depths of her being . 
 she had a promise to keep . 
 she could n't forget her vow , not for a moment . 
 you 've given me the first bite , '' she murmured , turning to face him , locking her gaze upon his . 
 `` will you give me the other two ? '' 
 she knew it took three bites to convert a human . 
 three bites and then a mixing of the blood . 
 no . '' 
 his voice was clipped . 
 he moved away from her , heading toward the open balcony doors . 
 savannah followed on his heels . 
 `` what do you mean , ` no ? ' '' 
 you have to ! 
 he stepped slowly onto the balcony , tilting his head back and staring up at the brilliant full moon . 
 `` i do n't have to do anything . '' 
 a warning . 
 a shiver skated up savannah 's spine at the steel laced in his tone . 
 but she refused to back down . 
 `` why did you give me the first bite if you did n't intend to transform me ? '' 
 her hands clenched into angry fists . 
 he turned to face her , and the moonlight seemed to shine in the depths of his eyes . 
 `` i wanted to taste you , '' he whispered , his voice a sensual purr . 
 `` i had to taste you . 
 she swallowed . 
 she had n't been expecting that answer . 
 her surprise must have shown because a mask of anger swept across his face . 
 `` i can feel , savannah . 
 i can want , i can need , just like any man . 
 but you 're not a man , '' she blurted . 
 he was more . 
 so much more . 
 yet i have a man 's needs . '' 
 his eyes drifted slowly down her body , lingering on the rounded curves of her br ** sts and hips . 
 `` a man 's desires . 
 heat pooled low in her belly . 
 her breath hitched . 
 he stepped toward her and lifted his hand to gently cup her cheek . 
 `` i want , just like any other man . '' 
 his jaw clenched . 
 `` and i have found that i want you , very badly . 
 so that 's why you bit me , '' she concluded softly , her voice husky and quiet in the dying night . 
 `` because you wanted me . '' 
 the idea left her shaken . 
 william 's hand dropped from her face . 
 she suddenly felt very cold without his touch . 
 he walked to the edge of the balcony and stared down at the mountainside . 
 `` my wants , my needs , can be deadly . 
 not to me , '' she rushed to reassure him . 
 he glanced back over his shoulder . 
 `` especially to you . 
 and i am not willing to take the chance that i might put you in danger . 
 i want you to leave at first light . 
 she moved to stand beside him . 
 `` i 'm not leaving . 
 you must ! '' 
 he snarled , turning on her like a cornered animal . 
 `` if you stay , i 'll take you . 
 i need you like i 've never needed anyone else in all my years of existence . 
 i hunger for you . 
 for your blood . 
 for your body . 
 for your very life . 
 savannah lifted her chin . 
 `` i 'm not afraid of you . 
 or of what you might do to me . '' 
 she did n't have room in her heart for fear . 
 i 'll kill you , '' he said , his voice a tortured whisper . 
 `` i kill everyone who gets close to me . 
 then transform me . 
 if you are so worried about me , then change me ! 
 make me immortal ! 
 his face was a haggard mask . 
 `` you want me to condemn you to a life of darkness ? 
 of endless hunger and death ? 
 of loneliness ? 
 because if you become like me , that is what you will get . 
 she took a deep breath and straightened her shoulders . 
 it was time to lay her cards on the table . 
 there was no choice . 
 it was time for the truth . 
 `` and if i do n't become like you , i 'll die . 
 william froze . 
 `` what ? '' 
 his eyes flashed fire . 
 you heard me . '' 
 her words trembled faintly . 
 `` i 'll die . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` why do you think i came to you ? 
 why do you think i spent all of that time researching you ? 
 i 'm dying , william . 
 and your kiss is the only thing that can help me . 
 he grabbed her by the arms . 
 `` you 're dying ? 
 she swallowed the lump in her throat . 
 `` the doctors say that i have six months , if i 'm lucky . 
 and if you 're not ? '' 
 his scar was a vivid white against his skin . 
 two months . 
 he swore viciously and closed his eyes . 
 so , you see , i do n't have anything to lose . '' 
 she had to make him understand , had to make him listen . 
 he must give her the kiss ! 
 his eyes opened slowly and he stared down at her , his expression fierce . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? 
 she rubbed her throbbing temple with a tired hand . 
 what was n't wrong with her ? 
 she could n't remember what it was like to feel healthy , strong . 
 she 'd spent the last five years of her life in and out of hospitals . 
 going through endless exams . 
 endless treatments . 
 nothing had helped her . 
 nothing could help her . 
 i have a brain tumor . '' 
 her voice was perfectly calm . 
 she 'd gotten used to telling people . 
 her stomach did n't clench anymore . 
 her hands did n't shake . 
 surely the doctors can - she shook her head . 
 `` there 's nothing they can do . 
 they tried . 
 believe me , they tried , but ... '' she shrugged . 
 his eyes seemed to burn down at her . 
 his face was like carved stone . 
 had her words affected him ? 
 would he help her now ? 
 you understand , do n't you ? 
 you understand why i must have the kiss ? '' 
 she waited , hope flickering through her heart . 
 he turned from her and stared into the night . 
 `` no , i do n't understand . '' 
 he paused , seemingly lost in thought . 
 `` you said you did n't have anything else to lose . 
 you 're wrong . 
 you still have your soul . 
 unlike savannah , william had lost his soul long ago . 
 the moment henry had taken his last , shuddering breath . 
 the moment the blood had stopped flowing from the gaping hole in his chest , william 's soul had died . 
 and he just could n't bring himself to destroy savannah 's soul . 
 so you 're going to let me die ? '' 
 her voice was sharp , angry . 
 william felt his throat tighten at her words . 
 let her die ? 
 he shuddered at the thought . 
 she had such strength , such passion within her . 
 he moved quickly , turning to capture her against his chest . 
 `` i 'll help you . 
 i 'm rich . 
 i can send you to the best doctor in the country - her eyes flashed . 
 `` did n't you hear me ? 
 the doctors ca n't help me ! 
 i 'm dying , william . 
 i will be dead before the year is out . 
 william knew that doctors could perform miracles these days . 
 it was n't like it had been in his time . 
 sickness could be cured . 
 `` with the right care - she laughed savagely . 
 `` the right care ? 
 they cut into my brain . 
 they shaved my head , and they cut into my brain . 
 then they told me i was saved . 
 that the cancer was gone . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` within two years , the tumor was back . 
 and it was bigger than before . 
 they made me endure their tests again . 
 the therapy . 
 the shots . 
 nothing worked . 
 nothing . '' 
 she looked deeply into his eyes . 
 `` the doctors ca n't help me . 
 only you can . 
 his jaw clenched against the pain he heard in her voice . 
 against the images her words aroused in his mind . 
 please . '' 
 a whisper of sound . 
 `` help me . 
 the moonlight caressed her skin , illuminating the two tears that trickled gently down her cheeks . 
 he caught the tears on his fingers , stared wonderingly at them . 
 savannah grabbed his hand . 
 `` william-please . 
 she looked so beautiful in the moonlight . 
 so pure . 
 so alive . 
 could he really just stand back and watch death take her ? 
 her gaze beseeched him , a silent echo to her plea . 
 her firm br ** sts pressed against his chest . 
 the warmth from her body reached out to him , wrapped around him . 
 the delicate scent of lavender rose once more to tease his nostrils . 
 please . 
 i will do anything you want ... his body stiffened as lust tore through him . 
 `` be careful what you offer , sweet savannah . 
 she shook her head and pressed ever closer to him . 
 `` no , name your price . 
 if i have it , i 'll give it to you , i swear ! 
 need and hunger battled against his judgment . 
 anything , '' she whispered , her voice desperate . 
 why ? 
 why , savannah ? 
 she bit her lip and her lashes fell , cloaking her gaze from him . 
 `` because of mark . 
 who is mark ? '' 
 william asked softly , as an unfamiliar rage swept through him . 
 `` your lover ? '' 
 the words were a growl , and he knew his gaze pierced her . 
 a dead man . 
 william frowned . 
 savannah pulled away from william and rubbed her arms , telling herself that the chill she felt was caused by the night air and not the memory of her brother . 
 `` he 's been gone almost a year now . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 william 's voice was solemn . 
 `` death is never easy . 
 and he would know . 
 savannah nodded , accepting his sympathy . 
 for months after mark 's death , she 'd hated the empty words that her friends gave her . 
 the empty condolences . 
 they had n't understood what she was going through . 
 they had n't understood what she felt . 
 he understood . 
 she knew it . 
 william understood her loss . 
 what happened to him ? 
 he was ... killed . '' 
 a scream echoed in her mind , and a flash of blood filled her vision . 
 william 's gaze was intense . 
 the moonlight seemed to reflect in his eyes and shine back at her . 
 `` how was he killed ? 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` a vampire killed him . 
 him and his wife . '' 
 they 'd only been married for a little over a year . 
 they 'd gone to the family cabin in the woods , planning to have a nice , romantic weekend getaway . 
 how do you know it was a vampire ? 
 mark and i were twins . 
 we always had a special connection . 
 and , when the second tumor came , something happened to me . 
 it ... changed me . 
 changed my mind . 
 after that , mark and i were n't just close emotionally , we were - '' she broke off , not certain how to explain . 
 `` sometimes , i could read his thoughts . 
 share his dreams . 
 we were connected . 
 more connected than i 've ever been to another person . '' 
 at first , the connection had been frightening , overwhelming . 
 but , then , with each day that passed , she 'd grown more accustomed to the feeling of sharing another 's mind , another 's thoughts . 
 william nodded once , accepting her words . 
 `` were you connected to him the night that he died ? 
 she swallowed and looked down at her hands . 
 they were clenched into tight fists . 
 `` i thought it was just a nightmare . 
 i could see him , i could see sharon , and they looked so happy . '' 
 when she closed her eyes , she could still see them sitting by the fire , laughing , kissing . 
 there was a knock at the door . '' 
 her voice was hollow , wooden . 
 `` mark had barely opened the door before ... it attacked him . '' 
 a shudder racked her body . 
 `` its eyes , his eyes , '' she corrected , `` were red , like they were on fire . 
 he picked mark up by the neck and threw him across the room . '' 
 a scream echoed in her mind . 
 `` he killed sharon . 
 before she could even stand up , she was dead . 
 blood soaked her neck . 
 her gown . 
 the floor ... her temple began to pound . 
 `` by the time mark realized what was happening , sharon was gone . 
 and then the creature turned on him ... she could n't , would n't , tell him of the horrors that mark had endured . 
 he 'd been tortured , viciously tortured , before he had received the release of death . 
 in the end , he 'd begged his killer to end his torment . 
 the man had laughed , seeming to enjoy mark 's pain , his anguish . 
 william did n't say a word . 
 his eyes just watched her with unshakable intensity , as if he were looking into her very soul . 
 when i woke up , i told myself that it was just a nightmare . 
 that mark was fine . 
 then the phone rang . '' 
 a sad smile twisted her lips . 
 `` it was a police officer . 
 he told me that my brother was dead . 
 mark 's body had just been found at the cabin . 
 i 'm sorry , savannah . '' 
 his words were soft , sincere . 
 she barely heard him . 
 her gaze was turned inward , viewing a blood-filled scene that only she could see . 
 `` i went to the cabin . 
 i drove there as fast as i could . 
 there was blood everywhere . 
 i saw mark . 
 and sharon . 
 it looked like they had been mauled by a wild animal . 
 william touched her arm , and she blinked , her eyes focusing on his dark visage . 
 `` but it was n't an animal . 
 it was a vampire . 
 and you plan to go after him ? 
 to go after the vampire that killed your brother ? '' 
 disbelief was heavy in his voice . 
 i have to . '' 
 she could n't rest until her brother was avenged . 
 and she could n't let that thing stay out there , killing innocent people . 
 a sad smile twisted william 's sensual lips . 
 `` you have n't got a chance . 
 there is no way that you can defeat a vampire . 
 you do n't have the strength . 
 a flush stained her cheeks at his dismissive words . 
 `` i do n't have the strength now , but i will-if you transform me . '' 
 once she had the strength of an immortal , she could defeat the monster . 
 william stared down at her , his gaze hooded . 
 `` my poor , lost little fairy . 
 you truly do not have any idea , do you ? 
 even if i transformed you , that does n't mean you 'll have the strength to defeat another vampire . 
 a vampire 's strength increases as he ages . 
 you will be but a babe , while the creature that killed your brother - '' he shrugged . 
 `` he could have the power of centuries . 
 savannah paled . 
 her mind raced frantically . 
 `` you have the power of centuries . '' 
 he 'd been an immortal since the battle of hastings . 
 he had to have immense power . 
 `` you can help me defeat him . 
 you can teach me , show me what i need to know - i could , '' he agreed slowly , his face giving nothing away , `` but why would i ? 
 she gasped at his cold tone . 
 it 's time for you to leave . '' 
 he turned away dismissively . 
 `` i 'm sorry for your loss , but there is nothing that i can do for you . '' 
 he walked back inside the house . 
 savannah followed on his heels , leaving the balcony door open in her wake . 
 `` how can you turn me away ? '' 
 she asked softly , confusion filling her . 
 `` i read henry 's diary . 
 i know the kind of man that you are - he froze . 
 `` do n't you mean the kind of man that i was ? '' 
 he glanced back over his shoulder and his eyes flashed red . 
 `` as you so astutely noted before , i 'm not a man . 
 i 'm a vampire , a killer , just like the one who attacked your family . '' 
 his razor sharp teeth gleamed as he smiled at her . 
 she refused to give in to the sudden fear that swept through her . 
 she rushed toward him , grabbing his arms . 
 `` no , you 're not . 
 you 're nothing like him . 
 i read the diaries . 
 i know . '' 
 and she did know . 
 she sensed it deep inside . 
 he pushed her back a step . 
 `` you know nothing . '' 
 his words were little more than a growl . 
 his hand lifted , caressing her throat lightly . 
 `` i could kill you now , and there would be nothing you could do to stop me . 
 you wo n't kill me , '' she whispered . 
 `` you wo n't hurt me . '' 
 her gaze met his in an unblinking stare . 
 he stopped smiling . 
 hunger flashed across his face . 
 lust blazed in his eyes . 
 `` wo n't i ? 
 chapter 4 there is a price for the gift . 
 a terrible price . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , november 5 , 1068 savannah 's chin lifted and she met his gaze with a bold stare . 
 `` i 'm not afraid of you . 
 you should be . 
 you should be terrified . '' 
 the words were cold , flat . 
 i 'm not afraid of you , '' she repeated calmly . 
 `` but i think you 're afraid of me . 
 he jerked back from her as if he 'd been struck . 
 `` i fear nothing . 
 no one . 
 no , of course , the ` dark knight ' would not admit to fear , '' she said , using the title he 'd earned at william the conqueror 's side . 
 `` but not admitting it does n't mean that it 's not there . 
 it does n't mean that you do n't feel the fear . 
 his lips twisted . 
 `` and why would i be afraid of you , little one ? 
 she lifted one brow . 
 `` i do n't know , dark knight . 
 why are you ? 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 did a flush darken his cheeks ? 
 she could n't tell , not for certain . 
 the moonlight was n't strong enough . 
 his arms lifted to wrap around her , to pull her against his chest . 
 `` i do n't fear you , '' he muttered angrily . 
 `` but i do want you . 
 her heart pounded . 
 god help her , she wanted him , too . 
 i want to drink from you , to taste the sweet nectar of your blood . 
 i want to bury myself in you , to lock you to me , '' he growled . 
 he bent , and licked the slender column of her throat . 
 she shivered and molten heat pooled low in her belly . 
 i want you , as i 've never wanted another . '' 
 he sounded angry , almost enraged , as he made the admission . 
 her hands lifted to stroke the strong width of his arms , his shoulders . 
 they felt like steel beneath her touch . 
 his chest brushed against her br ** sts , bringing the peaks of her ni ** les to taut , aching life . 
 she gasped , stunned by the feelings flooding through her . 
 nothing in her limited experience had prepared her for this , for him . 
 his teeth scraped against her throat . 
 her neck arched , opening her more to him , to his touch . 
 with a growl , he pushed her away . 
 his chest rose and fell in a quick , rapid rhythm . 
 he stared at her , hunger clear on his face . 
 need blazed through her body . 
 savannah clenched her hands into fists , fighting the urge to go to him , to wrap her hands around him . 
 you want my kiss . '' 
 a beast stared at her from behind the face of a man . 
 `` and you want my strength to aid in your quest . 
 yes , '' she whispered , wondering at the sudden change in him . 
 how far will you go , '' he queried softly , `` in order to obtain your justice ? 
 i told you , i 'll do anything . '' 
 and she would . 
 she would go to any lengths to seek justice for her brother . 
 he smiled , and for just an instant , a flicker of fear licked through her . 
 `` i 'll give you what you want , sweet savannah . 
 i 'll see to it that you get the justice that you crave and the kiss that you need so badly . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` and in return ... '' his gaze roved hungrily over her body . 
 she swallowed and lifted her chin . 
 `` in return ? 
 i want you . 
 her heart seemed to freeze at the low , harsh words . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 if i give you the kiss , then i want you . 
 i want you to stay with me . 
 to become my companion . 
 my mate . 
 her eyes widened . 
 surely he could n't mean it . 
 she laughed , the sound high and nervous . 
 `` you ca n't be serious . 
 you - i 've never been more serious . '' 
 his jaw was tightly clenched . 
 `` if you want your justice , you will have to pay a price . 
 you mean i would have to sell myself , '' she snapped . 
 she could n't believe the proposition that he was offering . 
 why ? 
 why would he do it ? 
 `` i thought you said you hated blackmail . 
 he lifted one dark brow . 
 his lips curved mockingly . 
 `` ah , but this is n't blackmail . 
 it 's a bargain . 
 so this was what it felt like to sell your soul to the devil . 
 savannah stared into william 's swirling eyes and knew that she had no choice . 
 `` for how long ? 
 he froze . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 the words seemed strangled from him . 
 how long will i have to stay with you ? '' 
 she asked , her cheeks flushing . 
 he took two steps toward her . 
 his hand lifted and gently caressed her cheek . 
 `` why , forever , of course . 
 forever . 
 her skin seemed to burn at his touch . 
 `` and what would i have to do as your ... companion ? '' 
 she could n't bring herself to say the word mate . 
 he traced the delicate outline of her lips with one tapered finger . 
 `` you 'd be my lover . 
 you 'd share my home , my bed . 
 i 'd be your whore , '' she said softly , feeling a wave of shame and anger wash through her . 
 no ! 
 her gaze flew to his face . 
 she wondered at the rage she saw there . 
 he took a deep breath , apparently struggling for control . 
 `` you 'd be my mate . 
 she swallowed , startled by his intensity . 
 `` why me ? 
 you could have anyone that you wanted . '' 
 and she knew it was true . 
 william was compelling , mysterious . 
 surely he could have any woman without having to promise immortality . 
 i want you , '' he said simply . 
 `` i do n't want anyone else . 
 she frowned , surprised by his answer . 
 william swore and glanced toward the open balcony door . 
 `` dawn comes . 
 i must leave . '' 
 he stepped back , staring down at her confused expression . 
 `` take the day to think about my offer . 
 when darkness falls , i will come for you . 
 she nodded and watched silently as he strode across the room . 
 he stopped at the door and turned back to face her . 
 `` if you are n't here when i rise , i 'll know what your choice was and i 'll understand . 
 but if you are here ... '' his gaze narrowed , and he continued roughly , `` if you are still here , then you 'll be mine . 
 forever . 
 the door slammed behind him , and the sound echoed in savannah 's heart . 
 * * * * he was a fool . 
 why had he made that ridiculous offer to her ? 
 william lay on his bed , secure in the tunnels under his home , and wondered at the madness that had swept through him . 
 what had driven him to make that devil 's bargain with savannah ? 
 he could still see the anger that had flared in her eyes , still read the rage that had swept across her expressive face . 
 he sighed and shifted on the bed , frustration sweeping though him . 
 was she still there ? 
 was she in the house above him ? 
 or had she already fled from him ? 
 a low growl rumbled in his throat . 
 he hated being trapped in the tunnels . 
 but they were his only option . 
 his gaze scanned the room quickly , and he wondered what savannah would think of his resting place . 
 the main room was large , with granite flooring that he 'd imported from italy . 
 bookshelves lined the walls of the room , and two oversized chairs were arranged in the far corner . 
 his bed was in the middle of the room . 
 like the one in savannah 's room , it was a huge four-poster made of rich cherry wood . 
 she probably thought that he slept in a coffin . 
 and , in truth , he had when he 'd first become a vampire . 
 the coffin had protected him from the harsh rays of the sun . 
 but he 'd moved on since then . 
 he 'd learned much in the centuries of his vampire existence . 
 he 'd mastered his strength . 
 he 'd learned to hunt . 
 he 'd learned to survive . 
 and he had learned to be alone . 
 then savannah had walked into his world . 
 he wondered what it would be like to share the bed with her . 
 to lay her down on the satin sheets and take her . 
 he closed his eyes , trying to block the vision from his mind . 
 but in the darkness , the image continued to torment him . 
 he could see her so clearly . 
 her silken mane of hair , spread on his pillow . 
 the pale column of her thighs , spread for him . 
 and he knew why he 'd made his offer to her . 
 because he wanted her , craved her , with a desire that was raging out of control . 
 his body began to grow slack . 
 his time of sleep was upon him . 
 he could n't fight the dawn . 
 none of his kind could . 
 before the darkness claimed him , his last thought was of savannah . 
 would she still be there when he awoke ? 
 * * * * she needed her pills . 
 savannah paced her room like a caged lion . 
 with each step that she took , the throbbing in her head seemed to increase . 
 it was always worse in the mornings . 
 she did n't know why , but her head always ached more in the early hours of the day . 
 she gritted her teeth against the pain . 
 she wanted to scream , to rage against the agony that was tearing her mind apart . 
 but screaming would n't do any good . 
 she 'd learned that long ago . 
 neither would begging , or pleading . 
 she turned on her heel and headed toward the door . 
 she had to get out . 
 she could n't stay here a moment longer . 
 she twisted the knob and pulled the wooden door open with a quick jerk . 
 she glanced down the deserted hall , wondering where william was . 
 she knew that he was sleeping . 
 his kind had to sleep during the day . 
 she walked slowly down the long hall , gazing curiously around her . 
 paintings lined the walls . 
 some were of castles , crumbling castles from long ago . 
 others were of blood-soaked battlefields . 
 who had painted them ? 
 william ? 
 she was at the top of the stairs now . 
 her hand locked tightly on the banister , and she began to walk down the steps . 
 halfway down , a sudden wave of dizziness washed over her . 
 she held on to the banister with all of her strength , praying that the wave would pass soon , fearing that she 'd fall , and tumble to her death . 
 time seemed to stop as she held onto the wooden rail . 
 splinters bit into her palms . 
 black dots danced before her eyes . 
 she took several deep , gasping breaths . 
 and she willed the sickness to pass . 
 slowly , the trembling left her body . 
 the dizziness faded . 
 and the darkness vanished . 
 she crept slowly down the remaining stairs . 
 that had been too close . 
 she had to get her pills . 
 a phone sat on a table at the base of the stairs . 
 she picked up the receiver and dialed information . 
 yes , hello . 
 what city ? 
 um , tyler , north carolina . 
 yes , i need the number for a cab company . 
 what ? 
 thanks . 
 savannah disconnected the call and quickly punched the number for the cab . 
 a gruff voice answered on the second ring . 
 mel 's cabs . 
 yes , i need for a cab to come and pick me up . '' 
 she rubbed her temple and glanced around the shadowed foyer . 
 `` as soon as possible . 
 where are you , ma'am ? 
 savannah rattled off william 's address . 
 a soft whistle blew over the line . 
 `` up on the mountain , huh ? 
 it 'll be at least an hour before i can get anyone up there . 
 savannah 's lips tightened . 
 `` fine . 
 just tell your driver to hurry , okay ? '' 
 the sooner she got back to her hotel room , the better it would be for her . 
 will do , ma'am . 
 savannah sighed and replaced the receiver . 
 she glanced around , wondering how she could possibly occupy her time until the cab arrived . 
 she did n't want to go back to her room . 
 she could n't risk another dizzy spell that might send her stumbling down the stairs . 
 a door to her right stood open , and a soft light shone from within . 
 it was the same room that she 'd entered the first night she 'd met william . 
 she crept slowly toward the room . 
 no fire burned in the fireplace . 
 the light came from a small lamp in the corner . 
 she walked toward the lamp . 
 and she saw the diary . 
 henry 's diary . 
 it rested on the table closest to the lamp . 
 she picked it up , her fingers running lightly over the engraved crest . 
 she traced the shield , and the detailed design of a hawk that lined its surface . 
 this diary had led her to william . 
 she sighed . 
 what was she to do about william ? 
 could she really agree to his bargain ? 
 she thought of her brother and the screams that still echoed in her mind . 
 could she allow her brother 's killer to go unpunished ? 
 still holding the diary , she sat down in one of the high-backed chairs in the corner . 
 her fingers continued to trace the crest . 
 what should she do ? 
 * * * * two hours later , she was back at the traveler 's inn . 
 the hotel room looked exactly as she 'd left it . 
 she locked the door behind her and hurried toward the nightstand drawer . 
 she pulled open the drawer and grabbed her pills . 
 she swallowed two quickly , not even taking the time to get a glass of water . 
 she stared down at the bottle , hating it , hating her reliance on the wretched pills . 
 she could n't even go for a single day without them . 
 what would it be like to be strong ? 
 to be free of the pain ? 
 free of the terrible need for those little white pills ? 
 william could give her that freedom . 
 her fingers clenched around the pill bottle . 
 a loud knock sounded at her door . 
 she jerked around . 
 the knock sounded again . 
 her door shook slightly . 
 she carefully replaced the pills and walked slowly toward the door . 
 she leaned forward , peering through the peephole . 
 a man stood on the other side of her door . 
 his features were tense , almost angry . 
 as she stared at him , he lifted his hand and pounded again . 
 ms. daniels ? 
 i know you 're in there . 
 please , open the door . 
 i have to speak with you . 
 she frowned . 
 how did this stranger know her name ? 
 please , ms. daniels . 
 i have some information for you regarding your brother 's killer . 
 her eyes widened and she stepped quickly back from the door . 
 she hurried to the closet and pulled a small , locked box from its darkened interior . 
 she punched in the lock 's combination , and , with a soft click , the box opened . 
 a gleaming black handgun rested inside . 
 she lifted the gun , and with hands that were rock steady , she loaded the bullets . 
 she checked the safety , making certain the mechanism was in place . 
 she stood , holding the gun at her side , and walked carefully toward the door . 
 she opened the door a tiny bit , barely two inches , keeping the golden top lock in place . 
 `` who are you ? 
 my name 's jack donovan . '' 
 a soft , southern drawl accented his words . 
 he had dark hair , perhaps a shade lighter than william 's , and smooth , handsome features . 
 savannah surveyed him quickly . 
 he was tall , probably six-two or six-three . 
 his body was muscled , fit . 
 she judged that he was in his early thirties , maybe a little younger . 
 he was dressed casually , in loose jeans and a black pullover . 
 both of his hands were lifted in the air , as if he wanted to prove to her that he was no threat . 
 savannah did n't open the door another inch . 
 she did n't trust this man , this jack donovan . 
 there was something about him that put her on edge . 
 how do you know who i am , jack donovan ? '' 
 she asked softly , her gaze firmly locked on his . 
 his blue eyes held her stare . 
 `` i 'm a private investigator . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` i 've been following you . 
 what ? 
 he glanced quickly over his shoulder . 
 `` look , i really do n't want to discuss this outside , okay ? 
 let me in , and i 'll tell you as much as i can . 
 savannah hesitated . 
 she did n't know him , and she sure as hell did n't trust him . 
 `` i do n't think so . 
 a door slammed down the hall . 
 jack swore softly . 
 `` lady , you 're in danger . 
 you 're going to get yourself killed ! 
 she lifted one brow . 
 `` i 'm dying . 
 what 's the difference ? '' 
 her smile mocked him . 
 if he 'd been investigating her , then he had to know about her condition . 
 a muscle jerked along the column of his jaw . 
 `` the difference is the way that you go . 
 easy , lying in a hospital bed . 
 or screaming in agony as all the blood is drained from your body . 
 her smile vanished . 
 let me come in . '' 
 his gaze was intent . 
 `` we can help each other if you will just let me in . 
 her fingers tightened around the handle of the gun . 
 it felt cold , heavy . 
 reassuring . 
 `` all right , you can come inside . 
 but only for a moment . 
 he nodded and again glanced over his shoulder . 
 savannah hoped she was n't making a mistake . 
 she would hate to have to kill mr. jack donovan . 
 she pulled open the lock and stepped back . 
 he hurried inside . 
 savannah silently watched him as he headed toward the center of the room . 
 she shut the door , turning the lock to keep out any more visitors . 
 then she lifted the gun . 
 she pulled back the safety . 
 the soft click seemed to echo in the room . 
 jack spun around , eyes wide . 
 `` hold on ! '' 
 he lifted his hands , palms out . 
 `` i 'm not here to hurt you ! 
 savannah aimed the gun straight at his heart . 
 she 'd learned to shoot long ago , back when she 'd been a carefree girl . 
 long before illness had ravaged her body and her mind . 
 her father had taught her , and she remembered well the lessons she 'd learned . 
 besides , as close as she was to him , there was no way she could possibly miss . 
 what do you want ? '' 
 her voice was cool . 
 he gulped , his gaze locked on the gun . 
 `` look , just put that thing down - a small smile twisted her lips . 
 `` i do n't think so , mr. donovan . 
 now , who hired you ? 
 a sheen of perspiration appeared on his forehead . 
 `` i ca n't tell you that . 
 she cocked the hammer of the gun . 
 `` that 's not the answer i was hoping to hear . 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` i ca n't tell you , okay ? 
 part of my contract with my client was that i would keep his identity completely secret . 
 how do i know that you 're even a real detective ? '' 
 savannah mused . 
 she was a bit surprised at herself . 
 she 'd never actually held anyone at gunpoint before . 
 she thought she was doing a pretty good job of it . 
 his hands began to lower . 
 ah-ah ! 
 keep your hands up ! '' 
 she could n't risk him pulling a weapon on her . 
 i 'm just going to get my id , okay ? 
 i 'm just going to reach into my back pocket - her body stiffened , going instantly to high alert . 
 jack moved slowly . 
 inch by careful inch , he removed his wallet . 
 he flipped it open and held it up for her to examine . 
 `` my detective 's license is in here . 
 she squinted , trying in vain to read the small card . 
 `` throw it to me . 
 his mouth tightened , but he threw the wallet across the room . 
 it landed at her feet . 
 she carefully bent and picked up the wallet , scanning the id . 
 `` this could be fake . 
 it is n't . 
 why were you hired to follow me ? 
 it seems that both you and my employer share a common enemy . '' 
 his gaze was hooded , watchful . 
 her stomach clenched . 
 she put the safety back on the gun , but she did not lower the weapon . 
 her palms were starting to sweat . 
 `` what do you mean ? 
 i know you 're after your brother 's killer . 
 savannah said nothing , neither confirming nor denying his words . 
 my employer 's brother was killed , too , '' jack said softly , his gaze watching her , waiting for her response . 
 savannah lowered her gun . 
 `` how was he killed ? 
 ca n't you guess ? '' 
 he waited a beat and then said , `` all of the blood was drained from his body . 
 savannah swallowed . 
 the fingers of her left hand lifted and rubbed lightly against the two small marks on her neck . 
 jake frowned at the gesture , and savannah dropped her hand instantly , swinging her hair forward to cover the wounds . 
 `` and your ... employer ... how did he find out about me ? 
 he read about your brother in the paper , about the way he died . 
 and he knew the same killer had committed both crimes . 
 but how did he find out about me ? '' 
 savannah repeated her question , her tone fierce . 
 he did some research , and he hired me . '' 
 jack shrugged . 
 `` your name was mentioned in a few of the newspaper clippings that i found . 
 once i knew your name , it was n't hard to track you . 
 how do you know that i am going after the killer ? '' 
 how could a stranger have known her plans ? 
 she 'd only confided her intentions to her closest friends . 
 he blinked , as if surprised by her question . 
 `` i knew that you were going after him because you came here . 
 what ? 
 you came to tyler . 
 you came to the killer 's town . 
 that 's how i knew what you were planning . 
 she stared blankly at him . 
 did n't you know ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 then he swore at the expression on her face . 
 `` hell , you had no idea ! 
 you were just stumbling around in the dark . 
 what was he talking about ? 
 the killer was n't in tyler . 
 she would know . 
 she would feel him . 
 `` you 're wrong . 
 you - you 've been to his house , lady , '' he snapped . 
 `` you 've been to the bastard 's house ! 
 she shook her head . 
 he was wrong . 
 it was n't - william dark . 
 he murdered your brother . 
 he 's the killer ! 
 chapter 5 the evil lives , even in my dreams . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , november 15 , 1068 you 're wrong , '' savannah said instantly . 
 `` william 's not the killer . 
 yes , he is . '' 
 jack was adamant . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but he 's the one who murdered your brother . '' 
 his gaze was filled with quiet pity . 
 savannah clenched her jaw . 
 `` i know william . 
 he would n't - he was in washington at the time of your brother 's murder . '' 
 jack 's words stunned her into silence . 
 `` did you know that , ms. daniels ? 
 no , she had n't known . 
 but she 'd be damned if she 'd admit that fact to this stranger . 
 `` it 's a free country . 
 a man can travel wherever he wants . 
 true . 
 but william dark was also in panama city when my client 's brother was killed . 
 and he was in atlanta when a young prostitute was rushed to the hospital . 
 she was suffering from severe blood loss . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` the emts thought she 'd die before they could get her to the emergency room . 
 but she made it . 
 barely . 
 and she was able to give a description of her attacker to the police . 
 savannah 's heart thudded dully . 
 `` what ... what did she say the man looked like ? 
 jack never took his eyes off her as he recited the description . 
 `` a male , approximately six foot two , one hundred and ninety pounds . 
 he was in his late twenties . 
 he had long black hair that he kept pulled back at the nape of his neck . 
 sound familiar ? 
 savannah refused to answer him . 
 jack continued , `` she could n't remember exactly what happened to her during the attack . 
 the last thing she saw was the man . 
 he grabbed her , and then everything went black . 
 savannah swallowed . 
 `` you think that man was william ? 
 no . '' 
 jack shook his head once . 
 `` i know it was him . 
 he fits the description perfectly . 
 and he was in each city at the time of the attacks . 
 he 's the one that the police are after . 
 i know it 's him ! 
 you do n't know anything , '' savannah whispered , glancing down at the gun she still clutched in her right hand . 
 `` now , i want you to leave . 
 lady , are you listening to me ? 
 he 's a killer ! '' 
 he took a step toward her . 
 her head snapped up . 
 `` no , '' she said clearly . 
 `` he 's not . '' 
 savannah unlocked the door and stepped to the side . 
 `` like i said , it 's time for you to leave . 
 jack did n't move . 
 he stared at her , eyes blazing . 
 `` you 're putting yourself in danger . 
 do n't you understand what he 's capable of ? 
 i understand him very well . '' 
 and she did . 
 she knew william . 
 she knew what he was really like . 
 `` you 're wrong about him . 
 he 's not the one you 're after . '' 
 she believed that , with every bit of her heart . 
 she believed in william 's innocence . 
 jack walked toward the door . 
 he paused , staring down at her . 
 `` for your sake , i pray you 're right . '' 
 he pulled a worn business card from his wallet . 
 `` but if you 're wrong , call me . 
 it does n't matter what time it is . 
 call me , and i 'll come to you . 
 savannah took the card . 
 a faint frown marred her forehead . 
 `` you 're planning to stay in town ? 
 i 'll be around , '' he said vaguely . 
 `` remember , just call me . 
 do n't let him hurt you . 
 do n't let william do to you what he did to the others . 
 william did n't do anything to the others . '' 
 her voice was firm . 
 `` you 're wrong about him . 
 we 'll see . '' 
 his gaze roamed over her face . 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 he walked out of the room , slamming the door behind him . 
 savannah locked her door and hurried to the bedside phone . 
 she wanted to find out more information about that detective . 
 she punched in the number and waited impatiently for the call to be answered . 
 one ring . 
 two . 
 thr - hello ? '' 
 a crisp feminine voice answered . 
 savannah smiled at the sound of her friend mary 's voice . 
 `` hey , mary . 
 it 's me . 
 savannah ? 
 savannah ! '' 
 her shriek was loud and clear . 
 `` i 've been worried sick about you , woman ! 
 why did n't you call me sooner ? 
 savannah winced at the reprimand . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 things have just been moving really fast here . 
 i meant to call you the moment i got into town . '' 
 had that really been just two days ago ? 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` mary , i met him . 
 him ? 
 you mean william ? 
 you met william ? '' 
 mary sounded both incredibly thrilled and incredibly frightened . 
 savannah sat on the edge of the bed and stretched her legs out in front of her . 
 she was still wearing her outfit from the night before . 
 and her high-heels were killing her . 
 she toed them off and let her feet sink into the worn carpet . 
 `` yeah , i met william . 
 and ? 
 savannah closed her eyes . 
 `` he 's everything that i thought he 'd be . '' 
 and he was . 
 savannah ... '' mary definitely sounded worried now . 
 `` i know you think you know this guy , that you understand him because of that book you read - savannah frowned . 
 `` it was a diary , mary . 
 a diary that you gave to me . 
 yeah , well , when i gave it to you , i had no idea it would lead to this ! 
 savannah had known . 
 from the moment that her hands had touched that diary , she 'd known it would lead her to william . 
 is he really a ... um ... '' mary 's words stumbled to a halt . 
 savannah was certain that a dull flush was staining mary 's cheeks at that moment . 
 a vampire ? '' 
 savannah queried softly . 
 yes ... what do you think ? 
 mary did n't answer . 
 a door slammed in the background and laughter drifted softly across the line . 
 mary swore . 
 `` damn . 
 my roommate is back . 
 i 'd better go . 
 wait ! 
 i need a favor . 
 what do you want me to do ? 
 savanna 's lips twisted . 
 that was mary . 
 always willing to help . 
 `` i need you to check someone out for me . 
 can you do one of those internet searches again ? 
 sure . 
 who do you need me to research ? '' 
 mary was a true hacker . 
 she 'd graduated from college with a degree in information technology at the age of nineteen . 
 give the woman a computer , and there was nothing that she could n't do with it . 
 she 'd found william for savannah . 
 she could easily find out information on jack donovan . 
 his name 's jack donovan . 
 he said he was a private detective . 
 silence hummed on the line . 
 `` you do n't believe him ? '' 
 mary finally asked , her voice soft . 
 she was obviously afraid that her roommate might overhear her words . 
 i do n't know . 
 i want you to find out for me . 
 find out everything that you can . 
 sure . 
 is there a number where i can reach you ? 
 i 'm staying at the traveler 's inn , room 718 . 
 i 'll be here until nightfall . '' 
 then she would have to go back to william . 
 okay . 
 it might take me some time to track this guy , but i 'll call you as soon as i know something . 
 thanks , mary . 
 thanks for all of your help . 
 anytime , vannie , '' mary said using savannah 's old nickname . 
 `` anytime . 
 you just be careful , okay ? 
 i 'm always careful . '' 
 and she was , usually . 
 do n't forget your meds . 
 as if she could . 
 `` i 'll remember . '' 
 mary always reminded savannah to take her meds . 
 no matter where they were , or what they were doing , mary always reminded her . 
 it was good to have a friend like mary . 
 someone she could rely on , someone she would trust with her secrets . 
 i 'll talk to you soon . 
 bye , vannie . 
 as she replaced the receiver , savannah 's stomach rumbled loudly , reminding her that she had n't eaten since the day before . 
 and then she 'd only had time for a quick bite . 
 she glanced at the bedside clock . 
 it was just a little past noon . 
 she would have plenty of time to grab lunch , pack , and return to william 's by nightfall . 
 she stood and stretched her tired muscles . 
 maybe she would even be able to fit a small nap into her schedule . 
 she could n't afford to let her strength wane , not while she was finally so close to her goal . 
 she glanced down at her clothes . 
 first things first . 
 while her outfit may have been appropriate for a place like jake 's , she would definitely stand out if she tried to walk in the diner wearing these clothes . 
 savannah headed resolutely toward the shower . 
 she 'd clean up , and then she 'd eat . 
 and , maybe , while she was at the diner , she could get one of the locals to tell her a bit more about william . 
 maybe . 
 * * * * william 's body lay perfectly still . 
 his chest did not rise . 
 his heart did not beat . 
 his mind , shadowed by the cobwebs of his deep sleep , flickered faintly . 
 unease moved though him . 
 something was coming . 
 someone . 
 he could feel it . 
 he could feel the evil . 
 so close . 
 too close . 
 * * * * hi , honey ! '' 
 a tall , matronly woman with steel gray hair appeared at savannah 's table . 
 `` what can i get for you ? '' 
 her pencil was poised above a small , white pad . 
 ah ... '' savannah floundered . 
 the woman 's quick appearance had startled her . 
 `` do you have any specials ? 
 the waitress , whose nametag identified as pat , smiled . 
 `` hon , we always have specials . '' 
 she jerked her head toward the kitchen . 
 `` today 's lunch special is the tuna sandwich combo . 
 you 'll get the sandwich , the fries and some coleslaw , all for five dollars . 
 savannah snagged a menu from the center of the table . 
 she had never been fond of tuna fish . 
 she scanned down the list of sandwiches . 
 `` i think i 'll just take the club combo , with a sprite , please . 
 pat scribbled quickly . 
 `` sure thing , hon. anything else i can get for you ? 
 savannah smiled vaguely . 
 `` not right now , but thanks . 
 be right back with your order . '' 
 with a swish of her hips , pat turned and vanished through the swinging kitchen doors . 
 there were only a handful of other customers in the diner . 
 two truckers sat at the counter , and a man in a deputy 's uniform was drinking coffee in the back corner . 
 savannah sighed . 
 everything about the place just seemed so incredibly normal to her . 
 the soft country music playing on the jukebox . 
 the old-fashioned checkered table cloths that decorated the tables . 
 everything was so amazingly normal . 
 who would have ever guessed that a place like this would be home to a vampire ? 
 you are n't from around here , are you ? 
 savannah 's head jerked up , and she found herself staring into the deputy 's warm brown gaze . 
 ah , no . 
 no , i 'm not . '' 
 what did he want ? 
 i did n't think so . '' 
 he continued to stare down at her . 
 `` i 'm one of the deputies here in tyler . 
 my name 's john . 
 john sykes . 
 savannah offered her hand . 
 `` savannah daniels . 
 his grip was firm , but not overwhelming . 
 `` and what brings you to our town , ms. daniels ? 
 i 'm visiting a friend , '' she replied immediately , sensing her chance to push for more information about william . 
 `` perhaps you know him . 
 i know everybody in this town . 
 in a place the size of tyler , it 's real easy to get to know your neighbors . 
 i 'm sure it is , '' she murmured with a polite smile . 
 what 's your friend 's name ? 
 it was the opportunity that she 'd been waiting for . 
 `` his name 's william dark . 
 he lives up on the mountain . 
 the deputy 's eyes widened . 
 he let out a low whistle . 
 `` you 're in town to see william dark ? 
 are you sure about that ? '' 
 he sounded like he questioned her sanity . 
 savannah stiffened . 
 `` i think i know who i 'm visiting , '' she said , her tone dripping with ice . 
 john flushed . 
 `` it 's just that , well , mr. dark is n't exactly the type to have visitors , you know ? 
 that was n't surprising . 
 `` surely he 's had other friends come to town . 
 john shook his head . 
 `` not that i know of . 
 what , exactly , do you know about him ? '' 
 savannah held her breath , waiting anxiously for his response . 
 very little . '' 
 john shrugged . 
 `` i heard that his grandfather bought the property on the mountain back in the twenties . 
 and i remember seeing william 's dad in town some , back when i was a kid . 
 course , his dad was n't much for talking either . 
 and i think he must have used the property here as kind of a retreat . '' 
 his gaze clouded as he struggled to remember . 
 `` yeah , he came here in the summers . 
 every summer , until i was about eight or nine . 
 when did william move to town ? '' 
 savannah asked quietly . 
 she found it fascinating that william would pretend to be his own father , his own grandfather . 
 he had created a thin veil of deception to fool the townsfolk so that he could keep his mountain hideaway . 
 he moved here about six or seven years ago . 
 i heard that he inherited the property when his old man died . 
 six or seven years . 
 where had he been before that ? 
 what had he been doing ? 
 had he truly been alone for all of those years ? 
 all of those centuries ? 
 the idea was jarring , chilling . 
 no wonder he wanted a companion . 
 john frowned at savannah , sudden suspicion sweeping across his features . 
 `` but you should know all this , should n't you ? 
 since you 're here to visit him ... we 're ... newly acquainted . '' 
 yeah , they 'd only met two days ago . 
 that definitely qualified as newly acquainted . 
 `` there 's still a lot we do n't know about each other . '' 
 and that was the problem . 
 hmmm . '' 
 john did n't look convinced . 
 `` where did you say you were from , ma'am ? 
 i did n't . 
 but i 'm from washington . 
 seattle , washington . 
 you sure did come a long way to visit your friend . 
 yes , i did . '' 
 she was n't going to give the deputy any more information . 
 here you go , hon ! '' 
 pat appeared , carrying a large plate in one hand and a drink in the other . 
 `` one club combo , just like you ordered . 
 thanks . 
 pat smiled at the deputy . 
 `` want another coffee ? 
 he shook his head . 
 `` nah . 
 i got to be getting back on duty . '' 
 he glanced back at savannah . 
 `` nice to meet you , ms. daniels . 
 i 'm sure that i 'll see you again . 
 as he walked away , savannah wondered why , despite his friendly smile , the words had sounded almost ... threatening . 
 * * * * by the time savannah returned to her hotel room , it took all of the meager energy she had to unlock her door . 
 the sudden wave of exhaustion had come upon her as she finished her meal . 
 she 'd been forced to push her half-eaten sandwich away and hurry from the diner . 
 it was another side effect of her medicine . 
 severe drowsiness . 
 in her case , severe was definitely the word of choice . 
 of course , the fact that she 'd no rest the night before only aggravated her condition . 
 she fumbled with the lock , barely fitting the key inside . 
 all of her muscles felt heavy . 
 her eyelids kept lowering , her chin sliding down . 
 she took a series of deep , quick breaths , trying to force her body to stay awake . 
 the key turned in the lock and savannah stumbled inside her room . 
 she leaned against the cool wood of the door , giving her body a moment to rest . 
 with hands that trembled , she turned the lock on the door handle . 
 the bed looked so far away . 
 she was so tired . 
 tired of the exhaustion that plagued her body . 
 tired of the pain . 
 when would it all end ? 
 she took a step forward . 
 her leg seemed to buckle . 
 she staggered , struggling for balance . 
 one more step . 
 two more . 
 she could feel the base of the bed against her knees , and she fell on the bed , her body bouncing lightly . 
 the old springs squeaked in protest . 
 she stopped fighting the exhaustion and closed her eyes . 
 she would rest , just for an hour or two . 
 the rest would give her enough strength to make it through the rest of the day . 
 she just needed to sleep for a little while ... * * * * william 's body twitched . 
 evil . 
 the word screamed through his mind , but not a sound passed from his lips . 
 he could feel the presence . 
 feel its darkness . 
 so close . 
 * * * * she was at the cabin . 
 she could see the sparkling wood . 
 she could smell the crisp scent of a winter fire . 
 everything was just as she remembered . 
 the table that her father had made the summer of her sixteenth birthday sat in the corner . 
 her mother 's painting hung over the mantle . 
 a cheerful fire burned , the flames dancing . 
 she walked toward the fire , wanting to feel its warmth . 
 needing so desperately to banish the cold that was sweeping through her . 
 she looked around , surprised to find herself alone . 
 she 'd thought for certain that mark would be there . 
 or sharon . 
 she felt something wet and sticky touch her bare foot . 
 she glanced down , frowning . 
 was that water ? 
 it seemed to be flowing straight out of the fire . 
 how could water come from fire ? 
 she bent down , touching the liquid with one fingertip . 
 she held up her hand , straining to see in the flickering fire light . 
 her fingertip was red-blood red . 
 she gasped and jumped back , trying to escape from the cool touch of the blood . 
 the pool seemed to follow her , moving like a snake on the floor . 
 the sound of laughter , light and mocking , froze savannah . 
 i 've been waiting for you . '' 
 the words were soft , purring , lightly accented . 
 her gaze flew frantically around the room . 
 `` who 's there ? '' 
 she strained to see in the shadows . 
 do n't you know ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` do n't you know who i am ? 
 her heart pounded . 
 `` no . 
 no , i do n't know you . 
 of course you do , my dear . '' 
 he laughed again , softly . 
 `` you know me very well . 
 better than any lovers i 've ever had . 
 after all , you 've shared a kill with me . 
 what ? '' 
 her feet were becoming soaked in the blood . 
 you were here with me . 
 i could feel you . 
 you were here while i fed . '' 
 his voice drifted from the shadows , seeming to surround her . 
 what was he talking about ? 
 mark . 
 her memory returned in a blinding rush . 
 mark had died . 
 he 'd died here , in the cabin . 
 she 'd seen it . 
 she 'd - that 's right , '' he purred . 
 `` your dear sweet brother . 
 i 'm afraid i had to drain him dry . 
 a cool touch drifted across the back of her arm . 
 savannah jerked forward , a scream rising in her throat . 
 she turned quickly , hoping to see the face of the killer who stalked her . 
 no one was there . 
 his words continued to whisper from the darkness . 
 `` but you know what i did , do n't you , savannah ? 
 you were there that night . 
 i felt you . 
 i felt your fear . 
 your anger . 
 her hair was lifted gently . 
 a cool breeze blew against the nape of her neck . 
 savannah trembled . 
 your fear made me strong . '' 
 the voice was louder now , closer . 
 `` it made me hungry . 
 the flames of the fire raged , snapping out from the fireplace like greedy hands . 
 savannah felt the heat burn across her skin . 
 then , in a flash , the fire died . 
 the room was plunged into darkness . 
 something brushed against her leg . 
 savannah bit her lip , choking back a scream . 
 she knew it was n't real . 
 the cabin . 
 the voice . 
 none of it was real . 
 it was just another dream . 
 another nightmare . 
 his hand grabbed hers , locking tightly around her wrist , crushing the skin and bones in a powerful grip . 
 it just felt so damn real ! 
 tell me , savannah . '' 
 his breath whispered across her face . 
 `` did you enjoy it ? 
 did you enjoy watching them die ? 
 did you enjoy it as much as i did ? 
 she tried to jerk away , but he held her fast . 
 she kicked him , once , twice , but he just laughed at her . 
 `` let me go ! 
 never . '' 
 he brought her hand up to his lips and kissed the skin on the back of her hand . 
 she could feel the edge of his teeth against her . 
 the sharp edge of his teeth . 
 his fangs . 
 who are you ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 do n't you know ? '' 
 he turned her hand over , and his teeth scraped against her palm . 
 savannah gasped at the sudden flash of pain . 
 the skin split open in two long , narrow slits , and blood oozed onto her palm . 
 it did n't make any sense . 
 dreams were n't supposed to hurt . 
 why did she feel the pain ? 
 why ? 
 why could n't she just wake up ? 
 she shook her head frantically . 
 `` this is n't real . 
 it 's just a dream . 
 his eyes began to glow . 
 an eerie red glow . 
 she could n't see his face . 
 or his body . 
 just his eyes . 
 oh , it 's more than a dream . 
 much more . 
 it was hell . 
 being trapped with him , having him touch her , was pure hell for savannah . 
 wake up , she ordered herself . 
 wake up ! 
 you 're not going anywhere , my dear . '' 
 he licked the blood on her palm . 
 she shuddered . 
 `` i have plans for you ... she had to wake up . 
 she had to ! 
 the red glow of his eyes burned down on her . 
 true terror burst in her heart . 
 she could n't get away from him . 
 she could n't wake up . 
 she was trapped , alone - that 's it , fear me . 
 give me that fear . 
 it feels so good ... savannah ! '' 
 william shouted her name . 
 `` savannah ! 
 a snarl escaped from her captor , and he shoved her away . 
 savannah slipped , falling down into the pool of blood . 
 she still could n't see anything . 
 she could n't see william . 
 or the killer . 
 `` william ! 
 william , where are you ? 
 he ca n't help you , '' a deep voice snarled from above her . 
 `` he 'll only destroy you . 
 no ! '' 
 she scrambled to her feet . 
 `` william ! 
 where are you ? 
 savannah ! 
 do n't be afraid . '' 
 his warm voice drifted to her . 
 `` i wo n't let him hurt you . '' 
 he sounded closer . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 she did n't understand what was happening . 
 how had william gotten into her dream ? 
 fire burst once again from the smoking logs , sending light flashing into the room . 
 william stood in the doorway , rage etched on his face . 
 and , by the fire , another man stood , a man as tall as william and with midnight hair . 
 his arm was thrown over his face , as if to protect him from the fire . 
 the stranger turned toward william , placing his back before savannah . 
 william stiffened when he saw the man 's face . 
 so , we finally meet again . '' 
 a low laugh , vicious and cruel , slipped past his lips . 
 `` hello , brother . 
 savannah gasped . 
 no , it could n't be - * * * * no ! '' 
 savannah awoke , screaming . 
 her heart pounded furiously , the sound echoing like a drum in her ears . 
 the cabin was gone . 
 she was back in her hotel room . 
 had it all just been a dream ? 
 a horrible nightmare ? 
 she lifted her hand , trying to brush the hair back from her eyes . 
 she became aware of the pain then . 
 of the throbbing ache . 
 she turned on the light and stared down at her hand in disbelief . 
 a dark black bruise circled the skin of her wrist . 
 savannah 's eyes widened . 
 slowly , she turned her hand over . 
 two thin scratches marred the skin of her palm . 
 and , for just a second , she heard the echo of laughter in her mind . 
 low , vicious laughter . 
 chapter 6 every man has secrets . 
 dark , dangerous secrets . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , november 25 , 1068 the moment the sun set , william 's eyes flashed open . 
 he jumped from the bed in a movement so quick it was little more than a blur . 
 rage consumed him . 
 how dare that bastard attack savannah ? 
 how dare he ? 
 he would destroy him , once and for all . 
 he cocked his head , listening intently for any sounds in the manor above him . 
 his acute hearing picked up nothing . 
 where was savannah ? 
 why was n't she in the house ? 
 he sent his mind out , freeing his psychic power , as he searched for her . 
 he could find no trace of her , no trace of the telltale warmth that usually characterized her presence . 
 he sighed . 
 she was gone . 
 she 'd made her choice . 
 he walked slowly through the tunnel , up the winding staircase and into the house . 
 he traveled through each room , checking carefully just in case he 'd missed her . 
 just in case she was there . 
 the house was empty . 
 he stood in the great room , and with a wave of his hand , he sent the fire blazing . 
 he stared into the flames , not really seeing them . 
 instead , he saw her . 
 savannah . 
 with her fiery mane of curls and beautiful eyes . 
 her passion . 
 her strength . 
 he could n't blame her for leaving . 
 his hands clenched . 
 he understood , really . 
 why would she want to tie herself to a monster ? 
 he lifted his hand toward the flame . 
 he could feel the warmth on his cold skin . 
 it reminded him of savannah . 
 for a brief time , she 'd brought warmth back into his cold existence . 
 for too brief a time ... he closed his eyes . 
 and heard the sound of an approaching car in the distance . 
 was it her ? 
 was she coming to him ? 
 his mind sought hers . 
 he felt her instantly . 
 her warmth . 
 the soothing touch of her spirit . 
 the feel of her almost drove him to his knees . 
 he took a step forward and then stopped . 
 she would have to come to him . 
 it must be her decision . 
 so he waited , listening to the quiet purr of the car 's motor , to the crunch of gravel beneath the tires . 
 slowly , ever so slowly , the car neared the house . 
 he could hear them , hear the driver , an older man with a new york accent , talking to savannah . 
 he heard her soft , quiet responses . 
 the car stopped at his gate . 
 his mind flashed , and the heavy iron doors swung open instantly . 
 he felt the driver 's surprise , felt the man 's fear . 
 william heard savannah open her door and step out of the car . 
 he heard her as she began to walk toward the house . 
 he heard her as her heart began to pound , louder , harder . 
 then she was at the door . 
 his muscles strained , but he did n't move . 
 she must come to him . 
 she must ! 
 even though he longed to go to her . 
 her hand knocked against the wooden door , her knuckles scraping lightly . 
 the wind howled , sending the door crashing open . 
 savannah gasped , the sound traveling easily to him . 
 so close . 
 she was so close now . 
 barely twenty feet away from him . 
 he could smell her . 
 lavender . 
 he could almost taste her . 
 she took a deep breath , the sound a mere whisper . 
 and she stepped forward . 
 her tennis shoes squeaked softly on the wooden floor . 
 one step . 
 another . 
 closer . 
 another step . 
 so close . 
 his entire focus was on her . 
 she stood at the threshold of the great room . 
 he turned slowly , hungry for the sight of her . 
 her eyes , bright and clear , met his . 
 she did n't say a word . 
 she was here . 
 he 'd told what would happen if she was at the house . 
 if you 're still here , then you 'll be mine . 
 forever . 
 the words whispered through his mind . 
 savannah dropped a small duffel bag onto the floor . 
 then she rubbed her hands down the front of her jeans . 
 william 's gaze followed her nervous movement . 
 i 've chosen , '' she said softly . 
 the husky timbre of her voice sent desire shooting through him . 
 he wanted to go to her , to take her into his arms and crush her against him . 
 instead , he waited , barely moving , desperately needing her to say the words that would bind them together . 
 you have to transform me , and you have to help me get justice for my brother and his wife . '' 
 she licked her lips and took a quick breath . 
 `` in return , i 'll be your companion , forever . 
 his companion . 
 his body tightened . 
 `` forever is a long time , savannah . 
 how do i know that you wo n't change your mind ? '' 
 that she would n't leave him one day , leave him as his brother had left him centuries ago ? 
 could he trust her ? 
 he had n't trusted another person since his transformation . 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` i give you my word . 
 i 'll stay with you . 
 as my mate ? '' 
 he pressed , a muscle clenching along his jaw . 
 she flushed . 
 `` yes ... he walked toward her , taking his time , studying the emotions that flashed across her face . 
 anger . 
 fear . 
 he stopped barely an inch away from her . 
 his hands lifted , curling around her and pulling her against him . 
 `` a kiss , '' he whispered , `` to seal the bargain . 
 her lips trembled , then parted . 
 he lowered his head and locked his mouth upon hers . 
 she was as sweet as he remembered . 
 the taste of her was so pure , so rich . 
 his tongue slid past her lips , sliding gently into the warmth of her mouth . 
 she met him eagerly , leaning forward into his touch , his kiss . 
 he swirled his tongue against hers and tasted her , lightly , softly , as if she were a fine wine . 
 and , like a wine , he knew that he could all too easily get drunk from the taste of her . 
 his arms wrapped around her , pulling her tightly against him . 
 she felt so good . 
 so soft and yielding . 
 he slid his hands under the edge of her shirt . 
 her back was smooth , incredibly soft . 
 his fingers caressed her spine , moving lightly up the edge of her back . 
 she felt so delicate , so fragile . 
 yet she met his kiss with a passionate force that stunned him . 
 his hand slipped around the edge of her shirt , moving to rest just below the curve of her breast . 
 he wanted to cup her in his hand , to feel her nipple tighten against his fingers . 
 he wanted to take her into his mouth . 
 to suck her . 
 to lick her . 
 his fingers traced a light pattern on the top of her lacy bra . 
 her nipple tightened in response . 
 he growled . 
 savannah wrenched herself away from him . 
 she took a step back , breathing heavily . 
 his jaw clenched . 
 he could feel his teeth , burning sharply against his gums . 
 the beast had been roused . 
 `` backing out of our bargain already ? '' 
 his voice was guttural . 
 savannah 's eyes were wide , deep pools of mystery . 
 she swallowed once and shook her head . 
 `` before we go any further , i have to know ... what ? '' 
 what did she need to know ? 
 did n't she already know all of his secrets ? 
 what more could she possibly want ? 
 must he lay bare before her ? 
 anger burned through him . 
 he grabbed her arm and pulled her body back against his , forcing her to feel the lust that burned him . 
 `` our bargain is set , sweet fairy . 
 there is no going back now . 
 i know , '' she said , her voice low , almost sad . 
 her gaze met his . 
 `` i do n't want to go back . 
 he held onto his control , refusing to give the beast within his freedom . 
 william took a deep , shuddering breath . 
 he would have savannah . 
 soon . 
 he studied her carefully , searching her face . 
 `` what is it that you want to know ? 
 she held her hand up , her palm facing him . 
 two thin red scratches ran the length of her hand . 
 william stiffened at the sight . 
 what happened to me today ? 
 it was n't a dream . '' 
 her hand clenched . 
 `` dreams do n't hurt you . 
 some dreams did . 
 it was a lesson that william had learned long ago . 
 tell me what happened , '' savannah demanded . 
 `` i need to know . 
 i have to know . 
 and she had the right to know . 
 he knew that she did . 
 but he did n't want to tell her . 
 he did n't want to see the anger , the hatred , that he knew would mark her beautiful face . 
 he did n't want to risk losing her . 
 tell me , william ! 
 tell me . '' 
 her eyes seemed to flash at him . 
 he had no choice . 
 `` it was more than a dream . 
 she watched him , her very silence urging him onward . 
 he took a deep breath and stepped away from her . 
 he walked toward the fire . 
 `` more than a dream , but less than reality . 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 she sounded very calm . 
 he 'd expected her to rage , to scream . 
 perhaps that would come later . 
 the ... creature that was in your dream - '' he broke off , not certain how to explain . 
 `` he-he has certain powers . 
 what kind of powers ? 
 he is a creature of the night . 
 he can control the shadows , the mists - i was n't in the shadows . '' 
 savannah snapped . 
 `` i was in my hotel room , in broad daylight . 
 william turned to face her . 
 `` there are shadows everywhere . 
 they are in dark alleyways , deserted parks . 
 even in the minds of humans . '' 
 in fact , shadows were most often found in the mind . 
 they lived , they grew , hiding in the darkness of the mind . 
 savannah ran a frustrated hand through her disheveled hair . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 stop with the stupid riddles and just tell me what happened . 
 i am telling you . '' 
 his voice was as soft as hers was loud . 
 `` you have to open your mind ; you have to listen to me . 
 she gritted her teeth . 
 `` fine . 
 he controls shadows . 
 shadows that are in my head . 
 everyone has shadows . '' 
 it was one of man 's greatest weaknesses . 
 `` shadows of fear , of anger . 
 shadows that lie in the darkness of the human mind , waiting to grow . 
 waiting to spread . 
 she frowned . 
 `` i still do n't - it 's your fear . 
 your anger . 
 it draws him . 
 and it gives him strength . '' 
 it gave the creature strength , and it made savannah weak . 
 he would have to teach her to shield her mind , to protect herself . 
 strength to enter my mind ? 
 strength to enter your very soul . '' 
 he had to make her understand her peril . 
 `` as long as you have the fear , he can enter your mind . 
 he can get to you . 
 he can feel you . '' 
 he touched her injured hand . 
 `` he can make you feel him . 
 he said that he 'd felt me before . '' 
 she spoke softly , her gaze hooded . 
 `` that he knew i 'd been there when he 'd ... when he 'd - '' she broke off abruptly , apparently unable to continue . 
 but william knew what she was going to say , and he finished for her , murmuring softly , `` when he killed your brother . 
 her eyes welled with tears . 
 `` yes , '' she whispered . 
 a tear slid down her cheek , but she wiped it away with a quick swipe of her hand . 
 `` he said he felt me when he killed mark . '' 
 horror was etched on her face . 
 your mind is strong , savannah . 
 he 's drawn to it . 
 to you . '' 
 but william would be damned if he 'd let the bastard get his hands on savannah . 
 she was his . 
 the bargain had been made . 
 her brow furrowed . 
 `` you know him , do n't you ? 
 william tensed . 
 it was the question that he 'd feared . 
 he thought about lying , about denying the truth . 
 at least for just a little while longer . 
 but , as he stared into her somber gaze , he could offer her only the truth . 
 `` yes . 
 yes , i know him . 
 who is he ? 
 he lowered his lashes , veiling his gaze . 
 how would she react ? 
 would his words drive her away ? 
 would their bargain be broken so easily ? 
 he spoke softly , `` he 's a killer . 
 a murderer who has been feeding on the blood of the innocent for hundreds of years . 
 we have to stop him , '' she said , her hands clenched . 
 `` we ca n't let him hurt anyone else . 
 william nodded . 
 too many people had already died . 
 savannah 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` there 's something else , is n't there ? 
 something you 're not telling me . 
 surprise shot through him . 
 how had she known ? 
 he 'd grown amazingly adept at hiding his feelings . 
 `` yes , there 's more . 
 tell me . 
 she stood before him , looking for all the world as if a strong wind would blow her down . 
 but her gaze was filled with such strength , such courage . 
 it was time for the truth . 
 `` his name is geoffrey . 
 geoffrey , '' she repeated the name softly . 
 a smile of satisfaction curved her lips . 
 william could read her so easily . 
 she had a focus now , a name . 
 before , she 'd only had shadows . 
 a monster waiting in the darkness . 
 now she had a name , a target for her anger , her hate . 
 her gaze sharpened upon him . 
 `` how do you know him ? '' 
 she asked . 
 he 's my half-brother . 
 what ? 
 he steeled himself for her rage . 
 for her rejection . 
 `` geoffrey de montfort is my half-brother . 
 she shook her head in vehement denial . 
 `` no . 
 no , that ca n't be . 
 you read the diary , '' he reminded her brutally . 
 `` you know that i had two brothers . 
 henry and geoffrey . 
 one golden like the day , and the other with a soul as dark as the night itself . 
 but how - how is he alive ? 
 how is he here , now , to kill ? '' 
 william 's lips twisted . 
 `` he 's my blood . 
 he shares the same curse that i do . '' 
 they were bound by their heritage . 
 bound to walk the earth , to feel the eternal hunger . 
 suspicion filled her stare . 
 `` you knew , '' she whispered . 
 `` you knew he was killing , did n't you ? 
 that 's why you were in panama city and in atlanta . 
 you knew what he was doing ! 
 how had she known about panama city and atlanta ? 
 he thought that he 'd covered his presence well in those cities . 
 yes , he 'd known that geoffrey was out of control , that he was out to kill , to destroy everyone that he could . 
 `` i knew . '' 
 simple , flat . 
 and you did n't stop him ? '' 
 she shoved against him , pushing with all of her strength against his chest . 
 he did n't move . 
 `` why did n't you stop him , you bastard ? 
 why ? '' 
 she shoved him again . 
 william caught her hands , easily holding them within his grasp . 
 he opened his mouth to reply , but closed it instead . 
 he should have stopped geoffrey . 
 he should have stopped him years ago . 
 he was responsible for the evil that his brother had wrought . 
 he killed mark . 
 he killed sharon , and god knows how many other people ! 
 if you knew what he was doing , why did n't you stop him ? 
 he 'd tried . 
 he 'd tried to stop geoffrey . 
 he 'd tried to stop him on that bloody battlefield in france . 
 they 'd fought for hours , until their bones were broken , until their strength was all but gone . 
 he 'd had the stake against geoffrey 's heart . 
 he 'd been seconds away from ending his brother 's life . 
 and then he 'd looked into his brother 's eyes ... and seen henry staring back at him . 
 for a moment , he 'd lost his focus , his strength . 
 a moment was all the time that geoffrey had needed . 
 geoffrey had knocked william aside and fled as fast as he could . 
 william had been tracking his brother since then , following him around the globe . 
 finding dead bodies in every city , but never arriving in time to stop his brother . 
 i was too late , '' he finally told savannah . 
 `` each time , i was too late . '' 
 the memory of geoffrey 's victims burned him . 
 he could still see them , see their blank eyes and white bodies . 
 see the fear etched on their frozen faces . 
 those faces would haunt him for eternity . 
 each time ? '' 
 savannah swallowed . 
 her lips trembled faintly . 
 `` do you mean you were there ? 
 when he was killing , you were there ? 
 ah . 
 there it was . 
 the fear . 
 the revulsion . 
 he 'd known it would come . 
 he turned from her , not wanting to face that look , not wanting to see her condemning gaze . 
 `` you have to understand . 
 he 's as old as i am , as strong as i am . 
 i 've been tracking him for centuries . 
 whenever i would get close , when i thought that i had him , he 'd slip away . 
 and there would be another trail of blood for me to follow . '' 
 william knew that geoffrey had deliberately left many of his kills for him to find . 
 it was yet another way his brother enjoyed tormenting him . 
 we have to stop him . '' 
 her voice was soft , but firm . 
 `` we ca n't let him hurt anyone else . '' 
 she touched his shoulder lightly . 
 william spun around . 
 he could n't believe that she would want to speak to him , much less touch him , after knowing the truth . 
 we have to stop him , '' she repeated softly , staring up at him with a solemn gaze . 
 we will . '' 
 it was a vow . 
 william would not rest until geoffrey had been destroyed . 
 a faint line marred her brow . 
 `` will you be able to do it ? 
 he nodded . 
 he would do whatever was necessary to stop geoffrey . 
 are you certain ? '' 
 savannah asked . 
 `` will you be able to destroy your brother ? 
 a wave of sadness washed through him . 
 he 'd done it before . 
 `` i 'll do what must be done . '' 
 and he meant it . 
 there was no way that he would allow savannah to be hurt by his brother . 
 she touched his cheek . 
 her fingers felt soft against him . 
 `` you 've had so much sorrow in your life . 
 so much pain , '' she said . 
 he said nothing . 
 no one had ever offered him sympathy before . 
 no one had cared . 
 i 'm sorry , william . 
 she was sorry ? 
 his brother was terrorizing her , had killed her family , and she was apologizing to him ? 
 i wish ... '' a sad smile curved her lips . 
 `` i wish your life had been different . 
 for a thousand years , he 'd prayed for a different life . 
 but god had long ago turned his back on him . 
 `` do n't waste your time wishing . 
 you ca n't change what is . '' 
 he stepped back from her , suddenly needing to have some space between them . 
 needing to escape from the sympathy , from the pity , he saw in her eyes . 
 i 'll help you . 
 i 'll transform you and teach you everything that you need to know about a vampire 's strength . 
 we 'll find geoffrey , and we 'll destroy him . 
 you have my promise . '' 
 his gaze traveled over her body , down from her beautiful face to her high , firm br ** sts . 
 slowly , so slowly , his gaze lowered , dropping to her slender hips and her long , long legs . 
 `` in return , i want what you 've promised me . '' 
 he did n't want her sympathy . 
 he wanted her body , hot and needy , straining against his . 
 `` i want you . '' 
 now . 
 in front of the blazing fire . 
 savannah lifted her chin . 
 `` i 've given my word . 
 i wo n't back down . 
 he smiled , showing his fangs . 
 `` good . 
 then let 's begin ... chapter 7 william has been sent on a devil 's mission . 
 i pray he returns to me in time ... - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , november 30 , 1068 savannah would n't give him the satisfaction of seeing her fear . 
 she hid her trembling hands behind her body and faced him , her stare direct . 
 `` i 'm ready . 
 he laughed softly , the sound dark and sensuous . 
 the sound wrapped around her , sliding through her . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 he began to walk around her , inching his body ever closer to hers . 
 she could smell him . 
 the scent of man . 
 of dark nights and mystery . 
 he was studying her , his hot stare traveling over every inch of her body . 
 you 're not ready , '' he whispered , moving to stand directly behind her . 
 she could feel his breath tickling the delicate skin of her neck . 
 he leaned forward , putting his mouth next to her ear . 
 `` not yet . 
 but you will be . 
 he pulled her hair to the side , exposing the skin of her throat . 
 he blew gently against her nape , and a shiver slid through her body . 
 she closed her eyes , trying to shut him out , to block her own rioting emotions . 
 was he going to do it now ? 
 was he going to claim her body now ? 
 she felt his lips , moving lightly against her skin . 
 his tongue , licking her neck ever so delicately . 
 she moaned , the sound slipping past her lips before she could stop it . 
 his arm , a band of steel , circled her waist and pulled her back against the hard cradle of his body . 
 she could feel him , feel the rigid length of his desire pressing against her hip . 
 she took a deep breath , and arched against him . 
 this time , he was the one who moaned . 
 the sound was low , ragged , full of need . 
 sweet savannah , '' he whispered , licking her vulnerable throat . 
 `` i want to taste you , all of you . 
 his hand moved under her shirt , pushing the soft cotton aside as he stoked the skin of her stomach . 
 `` you 're so soft . 
 like silk . 
 his fingers felt rough , yet his touch was incredibly gentle . 
 his hand lifted , moving up her rib cage and toward the rise of her br ** sts . 
 heat pooled low in her belly . 
 her ni ** les tightened in anticipation . 
 and she knew that she 'd never wanted anyone the way she wanted william . 
 his hand cradled her breast , lightly teasing the nipple through the lacy covering of her bra . 
 his other arm locked her hips against his , and he pushed against her . 
 his tongue continued to stroke her throat . 
 long , sensuous licks of his tongue flicked against her skin . 
 she felt the edge of his incisors press against her . 
 her eyes flew open , and she stared into the fire . 
 the flames burned , strong and bright . 
 like the desire that raged through her . 
 he growled , spinning her around in a quick move that left her gasping for breath . 
 he stared down at her . 
 his eyes were black , deep pools of black desire . 
 she could see the edge of his fangs . 
 white , gleaming . 
 take off your shirt , '' he ordered , his gaze locked on her face . 
 before , with her back to him , it had been different . 
 she 'd been lost to his touch , to the magic of the feelings flowing through her . 
 now , standing face-to-face with him , she felt suddenly awkward , shy . 
 but she would n't back down . 
 her hands shook as she reached for the bottom of her shirt . 
 she pulled it up quickly , and then she tossed the garment onto a nearby chair . 
 she took a deep breath , feeling the warmth of the fire against her skin . 
 she looked up , staring into his swirling gaze . 
 what would he think of her ? 
 she knew her br ** sts were small , that her skin was too pale . 
 he 'd undoubtedly been with dozens of women . 
 beautiful women with perfect bodies . 
 she would never measure up to them . 
 his stare dropped , and he stared at the lacy black bra she wore . 
 it was small , just scraps of lace . 
 he licked his lips . 
 savannah swallowed . 
 now your jeans , '' he said , his voice guttural . 
 his cheeks were flushed and his jaw was clenched . 
 savannah kicked off her shoes and pushed off her socks . 
 she took a deep breath , and her fingers lifted to the button at her waist . 
 she fumbled , struggling with the clasp . 
 her hands shook as she slowly slid down the zipper . 
 in seconds , she 'd pushed the jeans away , and she stood before him , clad only in the thin black lace of her bra and panties . 
 he stared at her , his gaze traveling over her like a physical touch . 
 `` you 're beautiful . 
 every inch of you . 
 he stepped toward her . 
 his hands lifted , locking around her waist . 
 he pulled her against him , against the rough fabric of his shirt and pants . 
 she gasped , her skin feeling hypersensitive . 
 he lowered his head , and his lips locked on hers . 
 his tongue pushed boldly into her mouth . 
 she met him full force , kissing him with all of the desire she had . 
 she felt her bra drop to the floor , and she wondered when he 'd unhooked it . 
 then his hands were on her body , and she stopped thinking at all . 
 his fingers plucked at her ni ** les , squeezing and releasing the tight buds . 
 her knees shook , and she leaned into his touch . 
 his head lowered , and he began to lick and suckle his way down her body . 
 his tongue felt like rough silk . 
 he lowered her onto the hard wooden floor . 
 it felt cold against her back . 
 but she did n't care . 
 his lips were locked on her nipple , and he was licking her , suckling her hungrily . 
 she moaned . 
 never had she felt such need . 
 she lifted her lower body , arching against him . 
 she felt so empty . 
 she needed him , needed him to fill the emptiness inside of her . 
 she felt his pants against the tender skin of her thighs . 
 she wanted to feel him . 
 your clothes , '' she gasped . 
 `` take off your clothes . 
 i want to - before she could finish the sentence , his clothes melted away . 
 her eyes widened in shock . 
 how had he - he spread her legs , positioning his body carefully against her . 
 his mouth continued to lick her br ** sts , to stroke and arouse . 
 his hand slid down , over the curve of her stomach and then to the curling patch of red hair at the juncture of her thighs . 
 he parted her tender folds , and his fingers began to stroke her . 
 a choked cry slipped past her lips . 
 he growled , and his mouth suckled harder . 
 one of his fingers moved to her opening . 
 her hips moved frantically . 
 she could feel the tension tightening through her body . 
 she needed him , needed him desperately . 
 her head thrashed . 
 his finger slid inside . 
 she gasped . 
 he lifted his head , staring down at her with eyes that glowed red . 
 you 're wet for me , savannah . 
 i can feel your need . 
 his finger stroked deeper , moving in and out of her body in a light rhythm . 
 it was n't enough . 
 her body shook . 
 she needed more . 
 she needed him . 
 william ! '' 
 she shuddered , pressing her body against his hand . 
 you 're so tight . '' 
 he licked the curve of her breast . 
 `` but you 'll take me , wo n't you ? 
 you 'll take me into your beautiful body . 
 his thumb pressed against her , and the tension in her body mounted . 
 heat flashed through her , and she strained , desperate for a release from the savage hunger sweeping through her . 
 she 'd never felt such need . 
 her body ached , throbbed . 
 she was struggling desperately for relief , an ease to the pounding need that swept through her . 
 `` i ca n't - i ca n't - '' savannah did n't know what she needed , what would stop the fire that burned her . 
 william knew . 
 he moved , pressing his erection against her moist opening . 
 `` look at me , '' he growled . 
 the tip of his shaft penetrated her . 
 `` look at me ! 
 her gaze snapped to meet his . 
 his face was carved in harsh lines of need . 
 of hunger . 
 there 's no going back , savannah . 
 he thrust against her , a strong , deep thrust that pushed him fully into her body . 
 savannah cried out at the unexpected pain . 
 he froze and stared at her , his expression shocked . 
 he held his body still within her . 
 sweat broke out on his brow . 
 savannah 's body slowly relaxed around him as the burning pain faded to a slow throb . 
 `` it 's all right , '' she whispered . 
 `` i 'm okay now . '' 
 she moved her hips slightly against his . 
 his control shattered . 
 a low growl rumbled in his throat , the sound like that of a wild beast . 
 his hands lifted her , positioning her legs around his waist and holding her body tightly against his . 
 he thrust into her , deep and hard . 
 again and again . 
 and her need returned . 
 desire tore through her . 
 with every thrust of his hips , he sent her higher , closer to the edge of burning pleasure . 
 she could feel him all around her . 
 in her . 
 so strong . 
 he moved her hips , pushing deeper into her than ever before . 
 savannah 's body tightened . 
 his hand slid between their bodies and he touched her , just one touch . 
 she exploded . 
 pleasure roared through her body . 
 she screamed his name . 
 he kept thrusting against her . 
 deeper . 
 harder . 
 he lowered his head . 
 she felt his breath against her neck . 
 felt the scrape of his teeth . 
 impossibly , she felt her body struggling for another release . 
 the tension within her wound tighter . 
 tighter . 
 his teeth plunged into her neck . 
 burning pleasure ripped through her . 
 he thrust into her one more time and spilled himself into her , his body shuddering . 
 the cord of tension snapped . 
 her body convulsed in a climax so intense she sobbed . 
 lights flashed before her eyes and then faded to darkness . 
 complete darkness . 
 * * * * her neck felt sore . 
 savannah frowned , feeling the pain dimly . 
 why was her neck sore ? 
 what had - her eyelids snapped open . 
 william was frowning down at her . 
 his hair had come free of its tie , and the dark mass hung loosely around his bare shoulders . 
 he looked fierce . 
 dangerous . 
 but then again , he always looked dangerous . 
 there was no hiding the true nature of the beast . 
 she tried to sit up , but he put his hands on her shoulders , holding her easily in place . 
 `` do n't move . '' 
 there was a trace of gruffness in his tone . 
 `` your body 's weak . 
 she nodded . 
 her limbs felt heavy and a deep lethargy filled her . 
 it 's from the blood loss . '' 
 his assessing gaze traveled over her . 
 `` i took too much from you . 
 i should have used more care - '' his jaw clenched , and the scar on his cheek seemed to whiten even more . 
 he looked up , gazing into the flames . 
 `` there 's no excuse . 
 i 'm sorry , savannah . 
 there was such sadness in his words . 
 she did n't want william to be sad . 
 he 'd had enough pain in his life . 
 `` i wanted you to do it . 
 you know that . '' 
 she 'd wanted him to do everything . 
 wanted him to claim her body . 
 to take her blood . 
 i should have had more control . '' 
 his hands clenched around her shoulders . 
 she flinched at the painful grip , and his hold immediately eased . 
 i did n't have much control , either . '' 
 her lips curved in a wan smile . 
 he searched her face . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? 
 tell you ? '' 
 she swallowed , trying to ease the dryness in her throat . 
 `` tell you what ? 
 that you 'd never been with a man . 
 that it was your first time . '' 
 the words fell heavily into the quiet room . 
 she took a deep breath and pushed herself into a sitting position . 
 his hands fell away from her shoulders . 
 `` you did n't ask , '' she muttered , feeling a flush stain her cheeks . 
 so she 'd never had sex before . 
 big deal . 
 why was he making such an issue over it ? 
 you should have told me , '' he murmured , his gaze falling to rest on the gentle rise of her br ** sts . 
 `` things would have been different . 
 i could have made it better for you - it got better ? 
 savannah did n't know if she could survive a `` better . 
 william , i did n't want anything different . 
 i just wanted you . '' 
 and that was the truth . 
 she had n't cared about their bargain . 
 she 'd only thought of him . 
 and of the need that he stirred within her . 
 his hand reached out and he began to caress her breast . 
 `` why did you wait ? 
 why did n't you find some nice human and have sex long ago ? 
 her nipple tightened . 
 just a touch and already her body was burning again . 
 she took a deep breath , trying to focus on his words . 
 `` why did i wait ? '' 
 she laughed softly , a light , bitter laugh . 
 `` at first , i was too sick to care . 
 after all , when you 're dying , making love is very low on your list of priorities . 
 i was in and out of the hospitals . 
 sick from the therapy , the surgery , the medicine . 
 i did n't have the energy to waste on a relationship . 
 she thought about the way it felt when william claimed her . 
 thought about the pleasure . 
 the need . 
 yes , it was true that she had n't cared enough about making love to experiment . 
 but if she 'd known what she was missing ... his hand cupped her breast and savannah bit back a sharp moan . 
 oh , if she 'd known ... but then again , making love with someone else would n't have been the same . 
 there was no one else like william . 
 no one . 
 already , her body was heating , her muscles clenching , as a new hunger swept over her . 
 you 're so responsive . '' 
 his eyes began to smolder . 
 he stared down at her , his features tense . 
 his hand slid down her stomach , to the cradle of her thighs . 
 `` i want you again , '' he said , his voice guttural . 
 `` i need to feel you , wrapped around me , squeezing me - '' his fingers slipped inside her . 
 savannah gasped at the mix of pleasure and pain that ripped through her . 
 william froze . 
 `` savannah ? 
 she licked her lips . 
 `` i-i 'm a little sore . '' 
 but she had a feeling that he could make her forget all about the pain . 
 he swore , the words eloquent and harsh . 
 his fingers slowly withdrew from her , easing out of her passageway . 
 `` of course , you are . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i - '' his jaw clenched . 
 `` i do n't seem to have control around you . 
 her heart pounded at his heated expression . 
 she realized she did n't want him to have control . 
 she wanted him to need her , to want her , desperately . 
 no one had ever wanted her like that before . 
 no one . 
 he locked one of his arms around her shoulders and slid his other arm under the curve of her knees . 
 he lifted her easily , cradling her against his chest . 
 he stared down at her , his gaze intent . 
 `` i 'll take care of you , savannah . 
 she gently traced the line of his scar . 
 a scar his brother had given him on a bloody battlefield . 
 `` and i 'll take care of you . 
 he blinked , as if startled . 
 savannah smiled and rested her head against his broad shoulder . 
 william did n't realize it , but she knew that he needed her . 
 just as much as she needed him . 
 he walked through the house , carrying her easily . 
 his arms were tight around her , secure . 
 and she felt so safe in his arms . 
 being there , being with him , felt right . 
 in moments , he was standing on the back deck . 
 savannah glanced around curiously . 
 a huge wooden deck extended along the entire length of the house . 
 a large hot tub sat in the middle of the deck . 
 the night sky shone down on them , the glitter of a thousand stars lighting the area . 
 savannah shivered , feeling the cool touch of the air upon her skin . 
 william eased savannah to her feet , and his arm braced her against him . 
 he bent down , quickly turning on the tub . 
 a stream of bubbles erupted . 
 this will help you . 
 it 'll ease the soreness . 
 the steam from the water began to rise , drifting like a ghost in the night . 
 the soft sound of the bubbling water relaxed her . 
 william helped her into the tub , and she sighed at the feel of the water . 
 she sat down slowly , letting the warmth of the water envelope her . 
 william moved in beside her , his gaze watchful . 
 she leaned back , resting her head against the edge of the tub . 
 the water felt good against her skin . 
 but not as good as william . 
 better ? '' 
 his hand rested on her thigh . 
 savannah nodded , not trusting herself to speak . 
 he moved closer to her , his muscled leg sliding against her . 
 his arm slipped behind her neck , cushioning her head . 
 he sat with her for an endless time , seemingly content to just stare into the night . 
 savannah did n't speak . 
 the moment seemed strangely special . 
 the two of them , sitting in the quiet of the night . 
 there was no death here . 
 no monster waiting to attack . 
 just them . 
 she heard the distant cry of an owl , a sad , mournful cry . 
 william shifted against her , pulling her closer to his body . 
 he was so strong . 
 his body was full of thick , steely muscles that had been hidden behind his clothes . 
 now , naked , he looked like the warrior he 'd been so long ago . 
 the warrior that he still was . 
 she looked at him carefully , studying him from under the veil of her lashes . 
 what had his life been like ? 
 what all had he seen and done in his thousand years ? 
 she had done little in her life . 
 she 'd only just graduated from high school when the first tumor had been discovered . 
 after that , her life had been a blur of hospitals and surgeries . 
 she 'd wanted to go to college . 
 to study art in europe . 
 but she 'd never had the chance . 
 i can feel you , savannah . 
 your sadness . '' 
 his voice rumbled against her . 
 `` what troubles you ? 
 how can you tell - '' she stopped as realization dawned . 
 of course , he knew . 
 he 'd given her the second bite . 
 they were linked now . 
 the second bite gave a vampire enormous power over his victim . 
 according to the legend , he would be able to read her thoughts now . 
 if he wanted , he could completely access her mind , no matter how far away she was from him . 
 she would never be able to escape him now . 
 no , '' he said softly . 
 `` you wo n't . '' 
 his arms tightened around her . 
 i do n't like you being in my mind , '' she told him , her gaze fixed on the bubbling water . 
 she did n't want him , or anyone , to know all of her emotions , all of her thoughts . 
 why not ? '' 
 there was a hard edge to his words . 
 `` you 've been in mine for days . 
 her head snapped up , and she stared at him , stunned . 
 `` wh-what do you mean ? 
 his stare was locked on her , fierce with intensity . 
 `` from the first moment that i saw you , you 've been all that i could think about . 
 waking . 
 sleeping . 
 you 've been there . 
 in my mind . 
 driving me crazy . 
 she swallowed . 
 i thought about you all the time . 
 about the things that i wanted to do to you . '' 
 his stare burned her . 
 `` i wanted you , naked , beneath me . 
 holding me so tight that i could n't tell where you ended and i began . 
 need ripped through her . 
 she 'd thought she was too tired to respond anymore . 
 but with just a few words , he had desire stirring within her again . 
 you want me , too , do n't you ? '' 
 william murmured , lifting his hand to caress her breast beneath the churning water . 
 `` i can feel your desire . '' 
 and it was true . 
 he could feel it . 
 her passion . 
 her need . 
 it inflamed him . 
 he wanted her . 
 now . 
 wanted to feel her body clenching around his . 
 wanted to hear her moaning his name . 
 her desire was a temptation he could n't resist . 
 his head lowered . 
 `` i want to taste it . 
 taste you . 
 his lips captured hers . 
 she met him eagerly , her moist lips parting instantly for the thrust of his tongue . 
 his body was rock hard , throbbing for her . 
 he had to have her again . 
 he had to . 
 his hands cupped her br ** sts . 
 perfect br ** sts . 
 they fit into his hands like they were made for him . 
 she moaned , and he drank the sound eagerly from her lips . 
 he parted her thighs , pushing his hips between them . 
 the broad tip of his penis pushed against her opening , eager to return to the paradise of her body . 
 his right hand slid between their bodies . 
 he found her core , teased her , pushed lightly against her button of desire . 
 her legs strained against him . 
 you 're so beautiful , '' he whispered . 
 and she was . 
 he 'd never seen anyone so perfect . 
 her eyes were bright , flashing with desire . 
 her cheeks flushed a light pink . 
 her lips were parted and moist , just waiting for his kiss . 
 the starlight shone down on her , lighting her delicate skin with a gentle glow . 
 she was so beautiful that he ached just looking at her . 
 her nails dug into his back . 
 her hips pushed against him . 
 the bloodlust rose within him . 
 the beast , hungry for her , roared its need . 
 just a taste . 
 just one more taste ... his head lowered to her throat . 
 he licked her . 
 once , twice . 
 she was so sweet . 
 so damn sweet . 
 and he just needed a taste . 
 his incisors burned . 
 he could feel them stretching . 
 all it would take would be one bite . 
 just one bite . 
 and she would be his forever . 
 he scraped her neck , opening his mouth wider . 
 he caught her delicate skin with the edge of his teeth . 
 william , '' she whispered , her voice soft , full of need . 
 he froze . 
 the beast within him howled . 
 the man struggled for control . 
 she was n't strong enough . 
 her body would n't survive the third bite . 
 not now . 
 he 'd taken too much from her earlier . 
 the blood loss had made her too weak . 
 his body shook with the effort of maintaining control . 
 he could n't do it . 
 not now . 
 he could n't drink from her . 
 if he did , he would kill her . 
 his head lifted slowly , painfully , away from her neck . 
 he stared down at her , taking deep , gulping breaths . 
 he had to stay in control . 
 he could n't risk hurting her . 
 she lifted her hands , curving them around his shoulders and then sliding them down his chest . 
 her fingers brushed against his chest hair , rubbing against his ni ** les . 
 her scent wrapped around him , stirring his need , and her hips pressed against him , pushing the tip of his penis inside of her tight opening just a little more . 
 he shuddered . 
 `` so damn good , '' he whispered , his voice a savage growl . 
 he lifted her smooth , soft legs and wrapped them around his waist . 
 he could n't wait any longer . 
 he thrust , deep and strong , into her welcoming warmth . 
 they both gasped . 
 she was so tight . 
 he could feel her body squeezing him , gently milking him . 
 he moved slowly at first , trying to give her body a chance to grow accustomed to the feel of him . 
 but then she moved , pushing her hips up against his . 
 and he was lost . 
 he pulled back and then thrust deep . 
 again and again . 
 his jaw clenched . 
 sweat beaded his brow . 
 deeper . 
 he had to get deeper . 
 come on , savannah . 
 come for me . 
 give me more . 
 give me - '' everything , he finished silently . 
 he wanted everything that she had to give . 
 he felt her clench around him , heard her choked scream and felt the ripples of her release . 
 her climax sent him over the edge . 
 he thrust deep one more time and erupted . 
 pleasure slammed through him . 
 his entire body shook in blissful release . 
 he felt consumed by her , by the pleasure that ripped through him . 
 when the tide finally ended , his head dropped to her shoulder . 
 his body shook slightly . 
 his breathing was ragged . 
 his heart pounded . 
 the water bubbled around them . 
 he kissed her smooth skin . 
 for the first time in over nine hundred years , he felt at peace . 
 and it was because of her . 
 she lifted her hand , brushing it lightly through his wet hair . 
 he moved , shifting his body up . 
 he captured her hand within his . 
 his vision was strong . 
 even in the starlight , he could see the two red lines that marred her palm . 
 he pulled her hand toward his mouth , licking the lines with gentle care . 
 she stared at him , her gaze direct , searching . 
 she was his mate . 
 this woman with the emerald eyes and sad mouth . 
 she was his . 
 and he would protect her with his life . 
 he withdrew slowly from her body , hating the separation from her warmth , but knowing that she needed time to rest . 
 he had plans for her . 
 and he had to make certain that she kept her strength . 
 after all , it was going to be a long night . 
 * * * * i spoke to her today . '' 
 jack did n't bother to identify himself . 
 he knew that his employer would recognize his voice . 
 and what did ms. daniels have to say ? '' 
 the voice was cultured , slightly accented . 
 jack had never been able to pinpoint the accent . 
 sometimes it sounded english . 
 sometimes french . 
 he could never be certain . 
 `` she did n't believe me , said william was n't the killer . 
 but he is . '' 
 his employer 's tone never changed . 
 he spoke calmly , politely . 
 `` she must be made to see that . 
 william dark is a killer . 
 jack took a deep breath . 
 he knew his boss was n't going to like this next bit of news , but he had to tell him . 
 `` she went to william . 
 silence . 
 jack glanced quickly around his small hotel room . 
 it was a floor below savannah 's . 
 all the furniture was the same . 
 small , sagging bed . 
 old color television that only picked up five channels . 
 scratched dresser and desk . 
 he was really getting tired of staying in places like this . 
 getting tired of chasing people that did n't want to be caught . 
 i did n't hear you , jack . 
 tell me again . 
 what did ms. daniels do ? 
 jack sighed and ran a hand through his already disheveled hair . 
 `` she went to him . 
 i followed her . 
 she left a little after dusk and took a cab up to his place . '' 
 she 'd also taken a small duffel bag , so he knew that she planned to stay the night with william . 
 she planned to stay , even though jack had warned her away . 
 `` dammit ! 
 i thought she 'd have more sense . 
 i thought she 'd understand . 
 that bastard killed her brother . 
 some people just do n't know what 's good for them . 
 that was the truth . 
 savannah daniels had put her life in danger , but she did n't seem to care . 
 she 'd stood before him , stubbornly declaring william 's innocence . 
 she 'd ignored jack 's evidence , trusting completely in a man he knew to be a killer . 
 do you want me to keep following her ? '' 
 jack asked , trying to rub out the tension in his neck . 
 actually , i think i 'll handle ms. daniels from now on . 
 jack frowned . 
 he suddenly went on high alert . 
 handle her ? 
 what did he mean by that ? 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 no need for you to worry , jack . 
 i 'll keep an eye on ms. daniels from now on . 
 for some reason , those calm words sent a chill skating down jack 's spine . 
 `` but i 'm here . 
 in tyler . 
 i can keep an eye out , make certain she 's safe - your job 's finished , jack . 
 go back home . 
 go back to that cute little school teacher that 's waiting on you . 
 jack 's fingers tightened around the receiver . 
 how had he known about kelly ? 
 his employer continued talking , his voice as smooth as silk . 
 `` do n't worry , jack . 
 i promise you , i 'll take special care of ms. daniels . 
 the line went dead , and jack suddenly realized that he had just a made a terrible , terrible mistake . 
 a mistake that might just cost an innocent woman her life . 
 chapter 8 william is my only hope , my last salvation . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , december 2 , 1068 william took savannah back upstairs just before dawn . 
 he cradled her gently against his chest , holding her like the precious gift that she was . 
 and he thought of the passion they 'd shared ... he 'd held her through the night . 
 he 'd heard her sweet moans , felt the clenching of her muscles that signaled her climax . 
 he 'd held her , heard her choked cry when she 'd come beneath him . 
 heard her cry his name . 
 he 'd made love to her countless times . 
 and every moment , he 'd had to fight the beast inside , to fight the urge to take more of her precious blood . 
 but she was n't ready for the final exchange yet . 
 he would have to wait . 
 he stared down at her sleeping face . 
 she was so beautiful . 
 she had no idea of the power that she already wielded . 
 she could get him to do anything she wanted with but a crook of her slender finger . 
 he knew it was dangerous to let her get so close . 
 she would make him weak , vulnerable . 
 and he could n't afford to be vulnerable , not with geoffrey hunting . 
 he placed her gently onto her bed , pulling the covers over her naked body . 
 she did n't stir . 
 he 'd worn her out . 
 he knew he should have restrained himself , but his need , his desire for her , had been too strong . 
 and each time he 'd reached for her , she 'd met him with equal passion . 
 he stroked her cheek . 
 she was his weakness . 
 he knew that , and he would have to guard her well . 
 he kissed her lips , a light , whisper touch . 
 he would n't let geoffrey touch her , not even in her dreams . 
 he would stand guard for her , making certain that her sleep was peaceful . 
 after all , she was his mate . 
 his . 
 he walked slowly down the stairs and into the great room , almost as if he 'd been drawn there . 
 he stood at the threshold , staring at henry 's diary . 
 he moved silently across the room and lifted his hands to pick up the diary , but then he stopped . 
 he could n't do it . 
 not yet . 
 he could n't read henry 's words , see his brother 's last thoughts . 
 he was responsible for his brother 's death . 
 his brother 's blood would always be on his hands . 
 he clenched his fists . 
 no , his hands could n't touch the diary . 
 could n't open its precious pages . 
 not yet . 
 he closed his eyes and saw his brother 's face . 
 forgive me , henry . 
 * * * * savannah awoke , alone . 
 she squinted , her eyes slowly adjusting to the sunlight that streamed through the glass doors of the balcony . 
 she glanced around the expansive room , recognizing the furnishings . 
 she knew this room . 
 she 'd been there yesterday . 
 william had brought her there after he 'd taken her blood in that horrible alley . 
 william . 
 she stretched slowly , feeling small aches all over her body . 
 she 'd never known that lovemaking would feel that way . 
 so intense . 
 so consuming . 
 she 'd expected to enjoy being with william , but she had n't expected for the pleasure to literally overwhelm her . 
 she blushed as she remembered the things they 'd done . 
 the things she 'd done . 
 and she knew that she could n't wait to see him again . 
 to once more feel the magic of his touch . 
 it was n't about the bargain . 
 it was about him . 
 death had surrounded her for so long , and he made her feel alive . 
 she sat up , wondering what time it was . 
 she knew william was down below , resting in his room . 
 he 'd told that he would rise at sunset . 
 how many more hours until sunset ? 
 how much longer until she saw him again ? 
 her clothes were neatly folded on the settee at the end of the bed . 
 william must have brought them , perhaps when he 'd carried her upstairs . 
 she slipped on her jeans and her rumpled pullover and walked toward the balcony . 
 with a soft push , she opened the doors and let in the sunlight and the crisp mountain air . 
 the scent of pine tickled her nose . 
 she looked up , trying to gauge the sun 's location . 
 it was already starting to sink into the western sky . 
 in another hour or two , it would be dusk . 
 and william would rise . 
 she could n't believe that she 'd slept so long . 
 she usually rose early , especially since she 'd started having the dreams . 
 turning from the balcony , she stepped back into her room . 
 it was such a beautiful day , and she knew she would n't see many more sunlit days . 
 soon , she would only see the night , so she 'd better enjoy the light while she still could . 
 her shoes were arranged on the floor beside the settee . 
 she hurriedly put them on , then combed her hair and secured her mane in a loose bun at the back of her head . 
 she walked back out onto the balcony . 
 the forest stood before her , the pine trees swaying gently . 
 she moved toward them eagerly , a slight bounce in her step . 
 birds chirped a soft melody . 
 a light , happy melody . 
 her lips curved faintly as she caught sight of a cardinal soaring near the treetops . 
 at that moment , she realized that something was missing . 
 for the first time in over five months , she had n't awoken with her usual headache . 
 instead , she felt strong , refreshed . 
 alive . 
 she smiled , contented . 
 she felt good . 
 for the first time in so very long , she felt good . 
 she walked along an old trail , strolling easily through the woods . 
 she wondered how long the tress had been there . 
 some of them were old and twisted . 
 stretching high into the sky . 
 it was so beautiful on the mountain . 
 so peaceful . 
 so - a twig snapped , the sound echoing like a shot . 
 she spun around , her hand rising instinctively to her throat . 
 she could n't see anyone . 
 `` is someone there ? 
 the forest was eerily still . 
 even the birds were silent . 
 savannah frowned . 
 maybe it had been an animal . 
 a raccoon . 
 then again , maybe it had been something else . 
 someone else . 
 she took a step back , her eyes scanning the thatch of woods . 
 she could n't shake the feeling that someone was there , watching her . 
 her heart pounded . 
 she retreated another step and stumbled into something . 
 into someone . 
 a hand grabbed her shoulder , and she spun around , kicking out with her right foot . 
 he grunted , his arms shooting out to catch her body in a tight grip . 
 she opened her mouth to scream , and his hand slammed down over her lips , silencing her before she could even make a sound . 
 i 'm not here to hurt you , '' he whispered , his voice fierce . 
 `` i came to help . 
 savannah blinked , staring up in shock at the man before her . 
 jack donovan stared down at her , his jaw clenched . 
 `` i promise i 'm here to help you . 
 she shoved his hand away from her mouth . 
 `` sure you are . '' 
 her gaze was full of suspicion as she studied him . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` look , lady , i think you 're in serious danger . 
 she crossed her arms over her chest . 
 she really was n't in the mood to listen to him attack william again . 
 `` i told you william was n't involved . 
 he did n't kill anyone ! 
 jack did n't respond . 
 savannah glared at him . 
 he 'd followed her into the woods , terrified her , and now he was still blaming william for the murders-even though she 'd told him that william was innocent . 
 she pushed past him , heading back to the house . 
 she would n't listen to any more of his lies . 
 wait ! '' 
 he hurried to catch up to her . 
 `` dammit , would you just stop ? 
 she kept going . 
 he grabbed her elbow . 
 `` please , stop and listen to me . 
 she jerked her arm free . 
 `` i do n't want to hear anything you have to say . 
 why do n't you just go back to town ? '' 
 and get the hell away from her . 
 i ca n't leave you here . 
 she glanced back over her shoulder , a sneer curving her lips . 
 `` sure you can . 
 just get back into your car , crank it up , and drive down the mountain . 
 i 'll be fine . 
 no ! 
 you do n't understand - '' he ran an agitated hand through his hair . 
 `` i 'm trying to help you ! '' 
 there was an almost desperate edge to his words it was the desperation that stopped her . 
 she turned back to stare at him , her eyes narrowed . 
 `` william is n't the killer , mr. donovan . 
 i told you that already . 
 i 'm not in any danger from him . 
 it 's not william that i 'm worried about , '' jack said . 
 what ? 
 jack looked around the woods , his gaze darting frantically to the left and right . 
 the setting sun sent dark shadows drifting through the forest . 
 `` look , can we go inside ? 
 we really need to talk . 
 savannah hesitated . 
 i 'm not going to hurt you , '' he promised . 
 `` i only want to help . 
 what about your client ? 
 a muscle flexed in his jaw . 
 `` i 'm not working for him anymore . 
 savannah 's brows snapped together . 
 `` then what are you doing here ? 
 i told you , i 'm here to help you . 
 why ? 
 his lips thinned into a small line . 
 `` because i think i 've just arranged your murder . 
 * * * * william could feel her . 
 something was wrong . 
 she was afraid . 
 he lay perfectly still on the bed . 
 not a single muscle moved . 
 yet his mind raged . 
 something had happened . 
 savannah was in danger . 
 the evil was growing closer once more . 
 * * * * savannah locked the balcony door behind jack . 
 `` okay . 
 we 're inside . 
 now say that again . 
 he exhaled heavily and dropped into a nearby chair . 
 `` i 've screwed up . 
 how ? '' 
 he was starting to scare her , and she did n't like to be scared . 
 she clenched her hands . 
 `` what have you done ? 
 he leaned his head back and closed his eyes . 
 `` remember when i told you that my client 's brother had been killed ? 
 yes . '' 
 his words still echoed in her mind . 
 all of the blood was drained from his body . 
 her neck tingled . 
 i called a buddy of mine on the panama city force . 
 he gave me the victim 's name . 
 peter gilbert . '' 
 savannah paced , listening intently to his words as he continued , `` that matched up with what i 'd been told . 
 my buddy confirmed the victim had one brother , a man named jonathan . 
 and jonathan was your client ? 
 jonathan gilbert was the name my client gave me , '' jack replied carefully . 
 savannah stopped pacing . 
 `` the name that he gave you ? 
 are you telling me that was n't his real name ? 
 he shook his head wearily . 
 `` no . 
 it was n't his real name . 
 i spoke to the real jonathan gilbert late last night . 
 he did n't know me . 
 he had no idea that i was even working on his brother 's case . 
 savannah felt icy tendrils close over her heart . 
 `` if you were n't working for jonathan , then , who , exactly , was your client ? 
 who hired you to follow me ? 
 jack met her blazing stare without flinching . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 what ? 
 jack flushed . 
 `` i never met him in person . 
 i talked to him on the phone and via the internet . 
 he wired money directly to my account . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` he sent me files to back up his story . 
 i had no reason to doubt his identity . 
 you 're telling me that someone hired you to follow me around the country , and you have no idea who that person is ? 
 he nodded , his cheeks staining a dark red . 
 great . 
 just great . 
 the detective had no clue . 
 unfortunately , savannah had an idea who his client was . 
 deep inside , she knew . 
 but she prayed that she was wrong . 
 she rubbed her arms and began to pace around the room . 
 `` you said that you 'd set up my murder . 
 what did you mean by that ? 
 yes , '' william drawled from the open doorway . 
 `` tell us how you arranged for her to die . 
 jack jumped from the chair as if he 'd been scalded . 
 `` who - '' he turned , catching sight of william 's furious visage . 
 his eyes widened . 
 william stalked toward him with the slow , unrelenting stride of a hunter . 
 a hunter that has scented true prey . 
 a faint sheen of red glowed from the depths of his black eyes . 
 savannah hurriedly placed herself between the two men . 
 william looked like he could easily kill jack in that moment . 
 `` william , i can explain - william never took his gaze off jack . 
 `` i want him to explain . 
 i want him to tell me why i should n't do the world a favor and just kill him right now . '' 
 his accent was heavier . 
 savannah touched his arm lightly . 
 `` i 'll tell you why . 
 because you are n't a killer . 
 yes , he is . '' 
 jack moved to stand beside her , trying to push her behind him . 
 when jack 's hand closed around her arm , a low growl emitted from william 's throat . 
 savannah thought she could see the edge of his teeth . 
 step back , '' she whispered to jack , knowing that he was in serious danger . 
 no way . '' 
 jack was obviously terrified , but he stood his ground . 
 `` i know about him . 
 william dark is a cold-blooded murderer , and i 'm not going to let him kill you ! 
 a cold wind swept through the room . 
 goose bumps rose along savannah 's arms . 
 william stared at jack and smiled . 
 his canines were long . 
 lethal . 
 and his eyes were blood red . 
 true fear swept through savannah in that moment . 
 no ! '' 
 she screamed and took a step forward , breaking free of jack 's restraining hold . 
 are you crazy ? '' 
 jack snapped , `` he 's going to kill us ! 
 no , william was n't going to kill her . 
 she knew that he would never hurt her . 
 but jack was a different story . 
 `` william , calm down . 
 it 's not what you think . 
 he 's a detective . 
 he 's been following me - rage swept across his face . 
 she could feel his anger , beating against her mind . 
 uh-oh . 
 she 'd definitely said the wrong thing . 
 jack foolishly grabbed her again , pulling her back toward the balcony doors . 
 william just watched them , his gaze burning , swirling with deadly intent . 
 we 're getting out of here , '' jack said , reaching for the balcony door . 
 he turned the knob , shoving the glass door open . 
 a gust of wind slammed the door shut before he could take a single step . 
 you 're not going anywhere . '' 
 william took a slow step forward . 
 his hands were at his sides , relaxed , loose . 
 but his nails were lengthening into razor sharp claws . 
 `` now step away from savannah or i 'll rip out your throat . 
 savannah knew he meant it . 
 she wondered if jack realized he was seconds away from his death . 
 jack froze . 
 and he seemed to look at william for the first time . 
 to really look at him . 
 jack 's eyes widened in horror . 
 `` jesus christ , what the hell are you ? 
 william smiled again , showing his wickedly sharp teeth . 
 `` i 'm death . 
 no . 
 she was n't going to let william hurt jack . 
 just because the man had been duped did n't mean he deserved to be attacked . 
 `` william , '' she said , deliberately injecting a calm , soothing note in her voice , `` we need to talk . 
 there 's been a misunderstanding . 
 misunderstanding ? '' 
 jack shook his head . 
 his eyes were huge . 
 `` lady , you 've got to be kidding me . 
 that guy 's some kind of a monster ! '' 
 his fingers bit into her arm , causing a sharp gasp of pain to slip from her lips . 
 in the next second , jack was the one gasping in pain . 
 william had moved in a blur , launching his body across the room . 
 he ripped jack 's hand from savannah , effortlessly squeezing bones and tendons . 
 you need to leave the room now , savannah . '' 
 william 's focus was on his prey . 
 savannah shook her head . 
 she took a step forward and shoved william back . 
 he snarled , turning that terrifying stare onto her . 
 she watched his eyes flash . 
 red . 
 black . 
 red . 
 listen to me , '' she entreated , her stare fierce . 
 `` i know you think he was trying to hurt me , but it was n't like that . 
 he came here to help me . '' 
 she had to make him believe her . 
 she could n't have jack 's blood on her hands , too . 
 william touched her cheek . 
 his eyes closed and he took two deep breaths . 
 when his lashes lifted , his midnight stare was back . 
 `` you risk too much , '' he whispered , bending his head to press his lips quickly against hers . 
 she smiled , relief sweeping through her . 
 he 'd beaten the beast , at least for the moment . 
 her arms wrapped tightly around him . 
 `` i risked nothing . 
 i know you 'd never hurt me . '' 
 and she did . 
 she trusted him , completely . 
 he swept her against his body , holding her close . 
 she could feel the faint tremble that swept through him . 
 jack rattled the doorknob . 
 william 's head jerked up . 
 `` you 're not trying to leave so soon , are you ? '' 
 his arms slowly released savannah . 
 she stood by his side . 
 jack 's hand jerked away from the knob . 
 `` uh , no . 
 i was just , uh , making sure the door was still locked . 
 all things considered , savannah thought jack was showing amazing composure . 
 he 'd almost been killed by a vampire , yet he was n't screaming in fear . 
 his hands shook , but he pushed them behind his back as he faced william . 
 who are you ? '' 
 william demanded . 
 jack donovan . '' 
 his voice was n't quite steady , but he managed to meet william 's probing stare . 
 and you were hired to follow savannah . 
 jack nodded . 
 why ? 
 jack looked beseechingly at savannah . 
 she said , `` jack knows that i 'm after the man who murdered my brother . 
 he was trying to find the killer , too . 
 so he trailed you . '' 
 william shook his head in disgust . 
 `` how long have you been following her ? 
 since she left seattle . 
 tell me who hired you . 
 savannah heard the compulsion in william 's voice . 
 jack answered immediately . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 he said his name was jonathan gilbert . 
 he told me his brother had been killed by the same person that attacked mark daniels . 
 he hired me to follow savannah . 
 he said she would lead me to the killer . 
 savannah sat on the edge of the bed . 
 `` he never met his client . 
 they just talked on the phone and exchanged messages on the internet . 
 how much did you tell him ? '' 
 william asked , using that same soft , compelling tone . 
 everything , '' jack said , his voice flat . 
 `` i told him every move that she made . 
 who she talked to . 
 where she was staying . 
 when she came to visit you . 
 william swore and turned to look at savannah . 
 `` he 's going to be coming for you . 
 wait just a minute ! '' 
 jack held up his hand . 
 `` what are you saying ? 
 that my client - is the one who butchered those people , '' william finished . 
 `` and , thanks to you , he now knows exactly where he can find savannah . 
 savannah stared down at her right palm . 
 the scratches were barely visible now . 
 he 's going to be coming for you . 
 her fingers clenched into a fist . 
 let 's not jump to conclusions - '' jack began . 
 you know i 'm right , '' william interrupted , his tone brisk . 
 `` do n't deny it . 
 that 's why you 're here . 
 deep down , you know who he is . 
 you know what he 's capable of . '' 
 he paused a beat . 
 `` you know what he 's going to do . 
 jack 's shoulders slumped . 
 he suddenly looked very , pale . 
 `` we need to call the cops . '' 
 his voice was hoarse . 
 `` if you 're right , if that guy 's the killer , we have to get the hell out here . 
 no , '' savannah said softly , firmly . 
 `` the police ca n't help us . '' 
 and they could n't . 
 she 'd learned that lesson already . 
 the only one who could help her was william . 
 of course , they can ! '' 
 jack 's voice was stronger . 
 fiercer . 
 `` they 've got guns . 
 if this guy comes after you , they can stop him . 
 they can shoot him ! 
 a gun wo n't stop him , '' savannah said . 
 if only it were that easy . 
 `` you ca n't kill him with a gun . 
 jack stopped pacing . 
 `` lady , you can kill anything with a gun . 
 trust me . 
 i was on the force for ten years . 
 a bullet in the heart will stop any killer in his tracks . 
 william moved closer to savannah . 
 his legs brushed against the side of the bed . 
 `` but it wo n't stop a vampire . 
 a vamp - '' jack 's eyes widened in disbelief . 
 `` what are you talking about , man ? 
 are you crazy or some - '' he broke off , his mouth falling open in disbelief . 
 william stared back at him , his eyes glowing blood red , his gleaming incisors a dark threat . 
 shit . '' 
 jack 's body seemed to tremble . 
 `` shit , '' he repeated . 
 `` this ca n't be happening . 
 you ca n't be a - he is , '' savannah said . 
 `` william 's a vampire . 
 your eyes ! 
 your teeth ! '' 
 jake began to breathe heavily . 
 `` you 're a freaking vampire ! 
 william 's lips twitched . 
 `` you 're certainly observant , detective . 
 savannah frowned at jack , vaguely concerned . 
 he sounded like he might be having an asthma attack . 
 `` are you all right ? 
 fine . '' 
 he gasped . 
 `` just . '' 
 gasp . 
 `` great . '' 
 he breathed deeply , inhaling and exhaling . 
 he looked a bit like a fish that had been jerked out of his nice , comfortable home in the water . 
 `` i do n't believe this , '' he whispered . 
 `` i do n't believe this ! 
 believe it . '' 
 william 's eyes glowed . 
 but vampires are n't real . 
 trust me . '' 
 william smiled , showing his fangs . 
 `` i 'm very real . 
 jack 's body swayed . 
 uh-oh . 
 savannah bit her lip . 
 it looked like the good detective might pass out at any moment . 
 `` jack ? 
 are you sure you 're all right ? 
 dandy . 
 just freakin ' dandy . '' 
 he closed his eyes and exhaled . 
 he stood there a moment , not saying a word , just breathing . 
 in . 
 out . 
 in . 
 out . 
 savannah frowned . 
 his eyes snapped open . 
 he pointed at william . 
 `` you 're a vampire . 
 guilty . '' 
 mocking , cold . 
 jack 's lips thinned . 
 `` and the guy out there killing people , he 's a vampire , too ? 
 savannah thought he appeared to have his focus back now . 
 good . 
 maybe he could help them , after all . 
 `` that 's why all of the blood was drained from the victims . 
 he was feeding . 
 jack asked , `` i 've been talking to a vampire ? 
 my client was a vampire ? 
 yes , '' she said . 
 jack squared his shoulders . 
 his breathing was still erratic , but he appeared to be regaining control . 
 `` you 're right . 
 the cops ca n't help . 
 savannah looked up at william . 
 `` when do you think he 'll come ? '' 
 she wanted to be ready . 
 she had to be ready . 
 william did n't immediately reply . 
 he cocked his head to the side , almost as if he were listening to something . 
 or someone . 
 william ? 
 he shook his head , his gaze focusing on her . 
 `` soon . 
 he 'll come as soon as he can . 
 we have to be ready . 
 ready ? '' 
 jack shook his head . 
 `` we 'll be ready when we get the hell out of here . 
 no , '' william disagreed softly . 
 `` savannah 's safer here than she would be anywhere else . 
 jack looked doubtful . 
 `` no offense , but , i got to her . 
 and if i could get to her , then i am damn sure he could get to her . 
 william stiffened . 
 he peered down at savannah . 
 `` how , exactly , did the good detective get to you ? 
 it was jack who answered . 
 `` it was n't hard . 
 she was alone , walking in the woods . 
 if i 'd been the killer , she would be dead now . 
 savannah shot to her feet . 
 she ran toward jack , pushing her finger against his chest . 
 `` you 're lucky that you 're not dead ! '' 
 it infuriated her that he thought she was so defenseless . 
 she could protect herself . 
 he grabbed her hand . 
 `` come on , savannah . 
 you 're not strong enough - his words ended on a yell as savannah pulled his arm forward and effortlessly flipped him to the floor . 
 my mistake , '' he managed , staring up at the ceiling . 
 `` you might not have been dead , after all . 
 i 'm a black belt , '' she told him , her eyes fierce . 
 `` i can take care of myself . '' 
 she 'd learned , over the protests of her doctors , to defend herself . 
 she had wanted to prove to them , to her family , and to herself , that she could be strong . 
 that she was strong . 
 william 's fingers came up , wrapping lightly around her throat . 
 his breath blew gently against her skin . 
 `` i 'm impressed , '' he murmured `` but i 'm afraid that your skills wo n't be enough to stop geoffrey . 
 she knew that . 
 she could send jack crashing to the floor , but she was n't physically strong enough to defeat a vampire . 
 not yet . 
 but when she had the third bite , she would be . 
 jack pushed himself to his feet . 
 he winced , rubbing his back . 
 `` i do n't know who i 'm more afraid of , '' he said , staring at savannah . 
 `` you and your boyfriend or the killer . 
 it 's not us you should fear , '' william said . 
 `` geoffrey is going to come after you , too . 
 he 's not going to let you live . 
 you know too much . 
 jack paled . 
 `` kelly , '' he whispered . 
 savannah frowned . 
 `` who ? 
 he swore , running a shaking hand through his hair . 
 `` kelly taylor . 
 my fianc ? . 
 he knows about her . 
 the bastard mentioned her name the last time we talked . 
 savanna 's stomach clenched . 
 geoffrey would n't have mentioned the woman 's name unless - he 's going to kill her . '' 
 jack looked sick . 
 `` he 's going to kill my kelly , is n't he ? 
 go to her . '' 
 william ordered , his eyes unfocused , staring within . 
 `` take her out of the country . 
 take her as far away as you can . 
 but you said he 'll follow . 
 no , '' savannah whispered , knowing she spoke the truth . 
 `` he 's going to come after me first . '' 
 and he would . 
 jack and his kelly would be a bonus . 
 geoffrey would first attack her and william . 
 but they would be ready for him . 
 they would stop him . 
 go . 
 protect your woman . '' 
 with a wave of his hand , william sent the balcony doors crashing open . 
 he looked down at savannah . 
 `` and i 'll protect mine . 
 chapter 9 there is no place to hide . 
 the devil sees all . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , december 5 , 1068 he had n't liked seeing the other man near her . 
 the beast within had raged , demanding he punish the man who 'd dared touch what belonged to him . 
 he 'd only been able to maintain his control because of her . 
 savannah . 
 she stared at him now , her eyes deep emerald pools of mystery . 
 what was she thinking ? 
 was she afraid of geoffrey ? 
 she had to know that he would protect her . 
 he took her hand within his own , marveling at the delicacy of her bones . 
 `` there is nothing to fear . 
 geoffrey will not hurt you . '' 
 he would make certain that geoffrey never hurt her again . 
 what about jack ? 
 will he be safe ? '' 
 worry clouded her gaze . 
 we 'll stop geoffrey , '' william promised . 
 `` we wo n't let him hurt jack . 
 we wo n't let him hurt anyone else . 
 are you going to give me the kiss tonight ? '' 
 savannah asked suddenly . 
 william hesitated . 
 he wanted , more than anything else , to give her his kiss . 
 he wanted to transform her , to make her his mate for all eternity . 
 but he could n't , not yet . 
 he could feel the weakness emanating from her . 
 if he tried to convert her now , he could n't guarantee that she would survive . 
 it was a chance he was n't willing to take . 
 not yet , '' he said softly . 
 `` not yet . 
 when ? '' 
 it was a demand . 
 he walked toward the door . 
 `` when you 're strong enough . 
 now , come with me , i have something for you . 
 she did n't move . 
 `` you could try saying please , you know . 
 it 's considered proper manners . 
 he stopped at the door and glanced back over his shoulder . 
 his eyes met hers . 
 `` please come with me . 
 her full lips curved . 
 `` that was n't so hard , was it ? '' 
 she walked toward him , and he could have sworn that he saw a sparkle of mischief dance in her eyes . 
 `` you have to remember that you are n't on a battlefield anymore . 
 you ca n't just boss people around . 
 i 'll remember that , '' he murmured , inhaling her sweet scent as her body brushed past his . 
 need slammed through him , sudden and sharp . 
 he wanted to taste her , to slip his tongue into the warmth of her mouth . 
 it had been hours since he 'd last held her . 
 since he 'd felt her shuddering in his arms . 
 what do you want to show me ? '' 
 she walked down the hall , oblivious to the struggle going on inside him . 
 he took a deep breath , grabbed his self-control with both hands , and followed her . 
 `` you 'll see . 
 it 's a surprise . '' 
 after he 'd left savannah in her bed , he 'd gone out to pick up the items for her . 
 he 'd raced against the sun , determined to return home with her supplies . 
 he followed her down the stairs , and when she turned to enter the great room , he captured her wrist and pulled her down the narrow hallway . 
 i do n't think i 've ever come this way , '' she said . 
 he knew that she had n't explored his home . 
 he wished she would . 
 she could go anywhere she wanted . 
 after all , it was to be her home , too . 
 he did n't want her to feel like a guest . 
 he wanted her to feel like she belonged . 
 like she was home . 
 he tried to make her understand . 
 `` my home is yours . 
 feel free to explore to your heart 's content . 
 they approached a white swinging door . 
 william pushed the door open and ushered savannah inside . 
 what - '' her eyes widened in delight at the sight of the gleaming kitchen . 
 the kitchen was huge . 
 there were two double ovens , a gleaming chrome refrigerator and freezer , and an assortment of gadgets on the marble countertops . 
 a large island sat in the middle of the room . 
 and , toward the back of the room , a cozy table for two had already been set . 
 she opened the refrigerator , gazing in surprise at the assortment of food inside . 
 she frowned , still leaning inside the open door . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 i did n't think you needed food . '' 
 she closed the door slowly , staring up at him . 
 i do n't . '' 
 he could survive on blood alone . 
 many of his kind chose to do that . 
 `` the food is for you . 
 i picked it up before dawn . 
 she blinked and a red flush stained her cheeks . 
 `` you got all of this for me ? 
 he shifted , suddenly uncomfortable . 
 `` you need to eat , '' he muttered . 
 `` you have to regain your strength . 
 she waved her hand to indicate the appliances . 
 `` what about all of those ? 
 where did they - i said that i did n't have to eat . 
 not that i could n't . '' 
 after five hundred years , he 'd begun to long for the taste of something other than blood . 
 he 'd discovered that he could still eat human food , as long as he ate in moderation . 
 `` i do n't eat often , but i do eat . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` besides , if someone were to come to the house and see that i did n't have a kitchen ... let 's just say that might raise a few questions . 
 a wry smile lit her face . 
 `` i could see where that might pose a problem . '' 
 she opened the refrigerator and reached inside , pulling out ham and turkey . 
 `` i think i 'll have a sandwich . '' 
 she looked at him inquiringly . 
 he took a step back . 
 `` no . 
 i have something . '' 
 he motioned to the table where a thick glass was filled with a blood-red liquid . 
 savannah swallowed . 
 `` i 'm guessing that 's not wine . 
 he almost smiled . 
 `` no , it 's not . 
 she squared her shoulders and turned back to her food . 
 she grabbed a loaf of bread and began creating her sandwich . 
 when she was finished , she walked to the small table , carrying her plate carefully . 
 her gaze drifted to his drink . 
 william sat down . 
 his brows lifted . 
 `` would you rather i not drink now ? 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` no , go ahead . '' 
 her smile was weak . 
 william moved his glass to the side , putting his hands in front of him . 
 he wanted savannah to eat first . 
 he knew she needed the energy the food could provide , and he was afraid that if she saw him drink , she would n't be able to eat . 
 tell me about your life , '' he said , deliberately pitching his voice low . 
 he knew a compulsion would n't work on her , but he still might be able to use his powers to soothe her . 
 her fingers toyed with the table cloth . 
 `` what do you want to know ? '' 
 she was n't touching her sandwich . 
 or the glass of orange juice that he 'd set out for her . 
 anything . '' 
 everything . 
 every detail of her life . 
 `` i know you lived in seattle . 
 did you like it there ? 
 her shoulders seemed to relax . 
 `` oh , yes . 
 i mean , it rained all the time , but i like the rain . 
 everyone there was always so busy . 
 the city seemed to be alive with people . 
 have you ever lived anywhere else ? 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 i was born and raised there . 
 my mother was from the south , though . 
 from georgia . 
 that 's why she named me savannah . '' 
 she picked up her sandwich and took a small bite . 
 i have n't heard you mention your parents before , '' he murmured , his gaze sharp . 
 sadness swept across her face . 
 `` my parents are dead . 
 they were killed in a car accident a little over four years ago . 
 i 'm sorry , savannah . '' 
 that would have left just her and her brother . 
 mark took care of me , '' savannah said , seeming to read his mind . 
 `` he 's the one who took me to the hospital each time . 
 he held my hand . 
 he told me everything would be all right . '' 
 she bit her lip . 
 `` but it was n't all right . 
 the cancer just came back . 
 and then he died . 
 he ached for her , for all the pain that she had endured in her short life . 
 he wished that he could take it all away from her . 
 the burden that her slender shoulders carried was far too heavy . 
 his death was n't your fault , savannah . '' 
 he could see into her mind , her heart . 
 the second exchange had linked them , and he could read her all too easily . 
 was n't it ? '' 
 she was n't eating anymore . 
 one bite , that 's all she 'd had . 
 you ca n't believe it was your fault ! '' 
 he said in disbelief . 
 `` geoffrey killed him . 
 and geoffrey is the one who will pay , i promise you . 
 stop blaming yourself . 
 there 's nothing to be gained from it . '' 
 he reached for her hand . 
 `` have n't you punished yourself enough ? 
 she stared at their locked hands . 
 `` i should have helped him . 
 he helped me , protected me , for years . 
 i should have done something for him . 
 you will do something . '' 
 his fingers tightened . 
 `` you 'll give him justice . 
 and you 'll stop geoffrey from ever hurting anyone else . 
 she nodded . 
 `` yes , i will . '' 
 her free hand reached for the sandwich . 
 he made certain that she ate it all , and then one more . 
 he deliberately kept the conversation light , telling her of the different countries he 'd traveled to , of the wonders he 'd seen . 
 when he mentioned italy , her face seemed to light up . 
 `` i 've always wanted to go to italy , '' she said , reaching for her juice . 
 `` is it as beautiful as i 've heard ? 
 he stared at her . 
 `` more . 
 she sighed , swirling her drink . 
 `` i wanted to be an artist , back when i thought the world was mine and i could do anything , be anything , that i wanted . '' 
 her lips twisted , seeming to mock her youthful dreams . 
 `` i planned to go to europe . 
 i wanted to see the sistine chapel . 
 i wanted to paint the canals of venice . 
 silly , is n't it ? 
 no , it 's not silly at all . '' 
 he tried to think back , to see what dreams he 'd had as a youth . 
 all he could remember was blood and death and battles that never ended . 
 he reached for his glass . 
 `` we must plan a trip to italy . 
 her breath caught . 
 `` truly ? 
 do you mean that ? '' 
 he could hear the hope and excitement in her voice . 
 of course . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` after all , we 'll have plenty of time . 
 she seemed to absorb his words . 
 `` i guess we will . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` it 's strange . 
 for so long , i 've known that my time here was short . 
 limited . 
 and now , to know that i wo n't die - '' she smiled , her eyes shimmering . 
 `` it just does n't seem real . 
 he drank from his glass , and the blood slid down his throat . 
 he knew his eyes flared red at the delicious taste . 
 savannah stopped smiling . 
 `` and then sometimes it seems all too real . '' 
 she looked away , staring fixedly at the large freezer in the back of the room . 
 william finished his drink , never taking his gaze from her . 
 `` would you rather i took the blood from a living man ? 
 that i tore open his throat and drank his blood ? 
 of course not ! '' 
 her gaze flew back to him . 
 `` how can you even ask that ? 
 he held up his empty glass . 
 `` i use this so i do n't have to hunt . 
 so i do n't have to go out every night and drink from someone . '' 
 so he did n't have to stare into his victim 's eyes . 
 a faint line marred her forehead . 
 `` but you were going to drink from slade - he carefully set his glass down on the tabletop . 
 `` at least once every full moon , i must have fresh blood . 
 if i do n't , my strength weakens . '' 
 but when he fed , he held himself tightly in check , always aware that if his control broke , he could easily kill his prey . 
 so i will need fresh blood , too . '' 
 her face looked very pale , very delicate . 
 yes . 
 you 'll have to drink in order to survive . '' 
 he waited a beat then asked , `` will you be able to do it ? 
 her gaze darted to the empty glass and then to his lips , which he knew would be blood red . 
 she set her shoulders and lifted her chin . 
 `` i 'll do what i have to do . 
 i might not like it , but i 'll do it . 
 william smiled , relief sweeping through him . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i 'll show you how to take the blood . 
 you wo n't hurt those you drink from , and with a small compulsion , you can make your victim forget the entire encounter . 
 i 'll have a lot to learn , wo n't i ? 
 i 'll teach you . 
 i 'll teach you everything that you need to know . '' 
 and he would . 
 he would make certain that savannah fully understand her new powers . 
 he pushed his chair back , stood , and walked toward a heavy metal door on the far side of the room . 
 he pulled a large , silver key out of his pocket and inserted it into the lock . 
 savannah moved to stand behind him . 
 `` what 's in there ? 
 your first lesson . 
 savannah stepped forward , only to come up short at the sight of a long , winding staircase . 
 she peered down , trying to see the bottom . 
 she saw nothing but darkness . 
 `` what 's down there ? 
 why do n't you go down and find out ? '' 
 his words challenged her , and his hands pushed gently against the small of her back . 
 she did n't like the sound of that . 
 she began to climb slowly down the stairs . 
 they creaked beneath her , the sound strangely like a woman 's moan . 
 she could feel william behind her-feel the warmth of his body , the kiss of his breath against her hair . 
 she felt so acutely attuned to him that she could swear that she even heard his heart beating . 
 the stairs ended in front of another large , metal door . 
 she glanced over her shoulder . 
 she did n't know if she wanted to see this . 
 her stomach clenched as dread grew heavy within her . 
 william handed her the silver key . 
 `` go on , savannah , '' he urged . 
 `` open the door . 
 feeling like pandora , she hesitantly inserted the key into the lock and heard a soft click as the key slid into place . 
 her palms were sweaty as she turned the knob and pushed the door open . 
 she walked slowly over the threshold and into a long , twisting tunnel . 
 the tunnel was lit by a series of small lights . 
 she did n't ask william any questions . 
 she just walked , wondering what would be waiting for her at the end of the tunnel . 
 in moments , she had her answer . 
 another door . 
 wooden this time , not metal . 
 there was no lock upon its old , scarred surface . 
 she pushed it open , not waiting for william . 
 a deep curiosity was beginning to burn inside her . 
 what would she find in the room ? 
 a coffin ? 
 she closed her eyes for a moment , and then she stepped inside . 
 at first , she saw only darkness . 
 then , in a flash , a dozen white candles lit , illuminating the room . 
 and then she saw a large , victorian bed like the one in her room . 
 the covers were rumpled , as if someone had recently risen . 
 she swallowed , pulling her eyes from the bed and forcing her gaze to travel over the rest of the room . 
 there was a bookshelf in the back corner . 
 it was stuffed with an assortment of books-hardbacks , paperbacks , classics and contemporary thrillers . 
 the jackets were well-worn , the spines creased as if they 'd all been read often . 
 two chairs sat near the bookshelf . 
 they were old-fashioned , high-backed chairs . 
 a small table sat between them , and a lamp rested on top of its carved surface . 
 there was no sign of a coffin , and she let out a small sign of relief . 
 so , this is where you sleep during the day ? '' 
 it was n't what she 'd expected . 
 the room , with its soft lighting and inviting bed , was cozy and welcoming . 
 not at all what she 'd expected of william . 
 not what she 'd expected of a vampire . 
 he shut the door , and the sound seemed to echo through the underground tunnels . 
 yes , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm safe down here . 
 the sun ca n't touch me , and the doors keep my enemies out . 
 she thought of the long tunnels and the curving stairs . 
 `` we 're inside the mountain , are n't we ? 
 he nodded . 
 `` it took me years to build this place . 
 you built it ? '' 
 she was impressed . 
 for one man to have done so much work ... i needed a safe place to rest , '' he said with a small shrug . 
 `` so i did what had to be done . 
 she could n't believe it . 
 to dig inside the mountain . 
 one man . 
 `` how is it possible ? 
 how could - he laughed . 
 `` ah , savannah . 
 already you forget . 
 i have the strength of ten mortal men . 
 and i can move and work , ten times faster than an average human . 
 it was n't hard for me to build this place . 
 in fact , i 've created over a dozen similar safe houses all around the world . 
 the strength of ten mortal men . 
 she shook her head , dazed . 
 `` i did n't realize you were so strong . '' 
 the words sounded silly to her ears , but they were the truth . 
 she had n't fully understood the true extent of william 's power . 
 each time he 'd touched her , he 'd been gentle , considerate . 
 she had n't realized he could literally crush her bones if he chose to do so . 
 the physical strength is only the beginning . 
 his words whispered through her mind , yet he did not say a word . 
 she stilled . 
 how could - we 're linked , savannah . 
 joined in a way that few can ever truly understand . 
 wherever you go , whatever you do , i 'll be with you . 
 in you . 
 she felt his touch upon her , a light stroke against her brow . 
 yet he stood a good ten feet away from her . 
 when he spoke , his voice was clear and his words were frightening . 
 `` i can do just about anything . 
 my mind is incredibly strong . 
 you can move objects , '' she said , thinking of all the open doors and his vanishing clothes . 
 `` you can read minds . 
 control minds . 
 yes . 
 that kind of power stunned her . 
 `` how is that possible ? 
 the gifts come with the dark kiss . '' 
 he held his hand up , silently urging her to come to him . 
 savannah took a step back . 
 `` you said before that you could n't control me . '' 
 she vividly remembered their encounter in her hotel room . 
 `` but that was before the second exchange . 
 his expression never altered . 
 i know you can get inside my mind . 
 you 've proven that . 
 but can you control my thoughts ? '' 
 fear almost choked her . 
 she could n't stand being under someone else 's control . 
 his hand dropped back to his side . 
 he stood in front of the bed , staring across at her . 
 she could actually feel the heat of his touch . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` i have n't tried to control you again . '' 
 he frowned , apparently concentrating intently . 
 what ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 her heart seemed to freeze . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no good . 
 i told you before , your mind is different . 
 you ca n't control me ? '' 
 could he hear the hope in her voice ? 
 if i could , you 'd be standing in front of me right now , naked and begging me to make love to you . 
 she blinked . 
 since you have n't moved , i 'm going to have to assume that my attempt to bend you to my will failed . '' 
 the words were light , but his stare was that of a hungry predator . 
 `` so i guess i 'll just have to try another method of persuasion . 
 she was stunned . 
 surely he did n't mean ... `` you want to make love to me ? 
 now ? '' 
 her heart began to pound . 
 a moment ago , she 'd been afraid . 
 now , with just a look , a heated glance , need slammed through her . 
 he stalked toward her . 
 `` yes . 
 she looked up at him . 
 his cheeks were flushed , his pupils dilated . 
 he wrapped his arms around her , pulling her body flush against his . 
 she could feel his arousal pressing against her . 
 hot . 
 strong . 
 heat began to pool between her legs . 
 how was it possible ? 
 how could she go from fearing him to needing him all within mere moments ? 
 he kissed her , his mouth feeding on hers . 
 she did n't hesitate . 
 she kissed him back , her tongue sliding against his , causing a low growl to sound from the depths of his throat . 
 he pulled back , moving his mouth down the slender column of her neck . 
 she felt the rough silk of his tongue sliding against her skin . 
 she closed her eyes , her breath coming hard and fast . 
 she fought to hold on to her reason , which was quickly disappearing into a whirlpool of desire . 
 `` are you sure , '' she paused , wetting her lips , `` that you 're not controlling me ? 
 his head lifted and his gaze locked on hers . 
 anger flashed across his face . 
 `` what do you think ? 
 her fingers clenched around the muscular width of his arms . 
 `` i think i need you more than i 've ever needed anyone else . 
 i think i want you so much that i can hardly breathe because the hunger is so sharp . '' 
 she could feel her body trembling . 
 `` i 've never been like this before . 
 this is n't me ! '' 
 and it was n't . 
 she was always cool , always controlled . 
 all of her emotions , her feelings , were held carefully in check . 
 now she felt wild , reckless . 
 her body was too hot . 
 her clothes too confining . 
 william 's face softened . 
 his fingers rubbed lightly over her sensitive lips . 
 `` poor savannah . 
 you do n't completely understand what 's happening yet , do you ? '' 
 his hands soothed her hair back with gentle care . 
 `` i feel it , too . 
 the hunger . 
 the need . 
 i am as captive to it as you . 
 her eyes widened . 
 i want you , '' he whispered , his breath feathering over her . 
 `` i want you more than anything else on earth . 
 you 're a fire within me . 
 i see you , and i hunger . 
 i need . 
 her lips trembled . 
 her body yearned . 
 i 'm not controlling you , '' he continued , his voice husky . 
 `` i would n't do that to you . 
 she believed him . 
 her lips parted to speak . 
 william stepped back and her arms fell weakly to her sides . 
 she felt cold , empty , without him . 
 with a wave of his hand , william sent the wooden door swinging open . 
 `` you can leave . 
 you can go upstairs and sleep alone . 
 you do n't have to be with me tonight . 
 the choice is yours . 
 she thought about leaving . 
 about returning to her quiet , empty room . 
 and she thought about him . 
 she took a step forward , wrapping her arms around him . 
 `` i want you , william . 
 you . '' 
 her will was her own . 
 as was her desire . 
 william scooped her up in his arms , carrying her easily toward the bed . 
 the lights from the candles seemed to flare brighter . 
 he held her tightly , pressing her against the strength of his chest . 
 she could feel his heart pounding beneath her fingers . 
 she could feel the tremor of desire that slid over his body . 
 he placed her in the middle of the bed . 
 before she could even blink , he 'd removed both their clothes . 
 he stood , naked and strong , surveying her in the flickering candlelight . 
 his gaze was intent , almost worshipful as it fell upon her . 
 you are the most perfect thing i 've ever seen . '' 
 he touched her breast gently . 
 her nipple hardened . 
 she arched into his touch . 
 he closed his eyes and took a deep breath . 
 when his lashes lifted , she could see a faint red circle around his pupils . 
 `` i wo n't be able to go slowly , not tonight . '' 
 the words were guttural . 
 she reached for him , her arms sliding down his chest . 
 down to the curling mass of hair at the juncture of his thighs . 
 she touched him , marveling at the strength and heat of his desire . 
 her fingers closed around him , squeezing lightly . 
 he growled . 
 she leaned forward , her tongue sliding to taste the tip of his shaft . 
 i do n't care , '' she whispered . 
 `` i just want you . '' 
 she took him into her mouth . 
 his fingers fisted in her hair . 
 his eyes closed , and he shuddered against her . 
 she kissed him . 
 she licked him . 
 he felt so strong . 
 so hot . 
 so - enough ! '' 
 he pushed her back onto the bedcovers . 
 his body slid on top of hers , and he pushed her thighs apart . 
 she lifted her hips , eager to feel him once more . 
 his mouth claimed hers , his kiss full of passion . 
 hunger . 
 he thrust into her , and savannah moaned as pleasure shot through her . 
 his hands locked around her hips , and he lifted her , moving her in time with his powerful thrusts . 
 her head thrashed against the pillows . 
 she heard someone crying , moaning , but she did n't realize the noises were coming from her . 
 william 's face was intent . 
 his eyes blood red . 
 his fingers were clenched so tightly around her hips that she knew they would leave marks . 
 but she did n't care . 
 the pleasure was building . 
 closer . 
 closer . 
 her body tightened . 
 tensed . 
 william surged into her . 
 she exploded as waves of pleasure slammed through her . 
 she screamed his name . 
 he stiffened against her , his body going as taut as a wire . 
 he closed his eyes , his teeth clenched . 
 and he whispered her name . 
 they rode the climax together , the pleasure so intense it was almost painful . 
 their bodies were locked together . 
 their hearts beat as one . 
 for a timeless moment , they were one . 
 * * * * how did you become a vampire ? 
 william flinched at her question , his hand clenching around her arm . 
 he 'd been enjoying the aftermath of their lovemaking , enjoying the feel of her in his arms . 
 william ? 
 reality was intruding into his world , and he did n't want it . 
 he did n't want to talk about his past . 
 not now . 
 not while they were still together . 
 not while the scent of lavender hung in the air . 
 not while he still touched her . 
 he leaned forward and kissed her softly , a caress of the lips . 
 and she had such wonderful lips . 
 full . 
 tempting . 
 he pulled her closer , cradling her body against his . 
 he wanted to hold her . 
 to - she pushed against his chest . 
 `` william . '' 
 she swallowed , and he could see the need in her eyes . 
 a need that she was struggling to control . 
 `` tell me . 
 tell me what happened . 
 he sighed and ran his hand through his loosened mane of hair . 
 `` i thought you already knew . 
 what was it you said that first day ? '' 
 he frowned a moment , thinking . 
 `` ah , yes , something along the lines of becoming a vampire because of my love of the ` dark arts ? ' '' 
 she shook her head once , a quick motion . 
 she pulled the sheet up over those soft , delicious br ** sts and stared at him , her lips pressed into a thin line . 
 `` that was n't true . 
 he lifted one brow . 
 `` and how do you know that ? '' 
 his love of the dark arts was a legend that had begun before he even reached manhood . 
 you 're not evil , william . '' 
 simple words . 
 honest words . 
 he could see the sincerity on her face , hear it in her voice . 
 those simple words pierced him to the core . 
 `` there are those who would disagree with you , '' he said , his jaw clenching . 
 sometimes , when he slept , he could still hear the whispers of the villagers . 
 he could still see the fear and revulsion that filled their gazes . 
 `` they called me the devil 's bastard . '' 
 the words slipped out without violation . 
 she gasped , her face paling . 
 `` who said that ? 
 he remembered the little boy , not more than ten years old . 
 the old hag . 
 the blacksmith . 
 `` everyone said it . 
 they whispered it each time that i passed them . 
 every person on my father 's land thought i was cursed . 
 and they hated me . 
 i do n't understand . '' 
 savannah shook her head in confusion . 
 `` why ? 
 why would they say that about you ? 
 why would they hate you ? 
 he sighed . 
 `` because i was my father 's son . 
 confusion and disbelief filled her gaze . 
 `` that 's crazy ! 
 your father was n't - he held up his hand , halting her speech . 
 `` their stories were wrong , of course . 
 my father was n't the devil . 
 although at times he certainly acted the part . '' 
 his father , baron guy de montfort , had been a cruel , sadistic warrior . 
 he 'd had no place in his life for weakness or sentiment of any sort . 
 he 'd tolerated william . 
 he 'd ignored geoffrey . 
 and he 'd despised henry . 
 my father was obsessed with power , '' william told her . 
 `` he wanted control , absolute control of everyone and everything . 
 he was a strong man . 
 he commanded a vast army with a steel grip . 
 no one could go against my father 's might and survive . 
 no one . 
 the villagers said that he 'd traded his soul to the devil in order to get his power . 
 had he ? '' 
 savannah asked . 
 my father never had a soul . '' 
 cold , harsh words . 
 `` he never cared about anyone , certainly not me or my brothers . '' 
 geoffrey had grown to be a man exactly like his father . 
 hungry only for blood and power . 
 savannah sat quietly , her gaze fixed upon him . 
 he began to stroke her arm lightly . 
 he was n't even aware of the gesture . 
 `` by the time i reached manhood , my father 's strength had started to wane , and he hated it . '' 
 he could still hear the sound of his father 's angry screams . 
 guy had been enraged by his body 's betrayal , by the onset of the weakness in his limbs . 
 `` he began to shake . 
 to have spasms . 
 he could n't lead his armies anymore . 
 he became desperate . 
 william swallowed , seeing only the past . 
 `` he could n't stand what was happening to him . 
 so he began to ... seek out the counsel of others . 
 doctors . '' 
 he paused , and then he said , `` witches . 
 seers . 
 what did he find out ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 he found out that he could live forever . '' 
 william remembered his father 's wicked glee . 
 `` he found out that he could transform himself into a new being . 
 an immortal . 
 your father became a vampire ? '' 
 her shock was clear . 
 william shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 you see , he was n't sure the ritual would work . 
 he wanted someone else to go through the change first , just in case something happened . 
 just in case his famed seer was wrong . 
 dear god , '' she whispered . 
 `` he made you do it , did n't he ? 
 he nodded , his jaw clenched . 
 the scar on his cheek was a vivid white . 
 `` he imprisoned henry . 
 he never cared for him . 
 he thought henry was weak . 
 henry hated our father . 
 he could n't stomach his evil . 
 he would n't march with guy in battle , and guy viewed his actions as a betrayal . 
 he told me that the punishment for betrayal was death . 
 he tortured henry . 
 kept him captive for days without my knowledge . 
 then , when he was barely alive , guy brought him to me . 
 i was training with my men , and guy dragged henry 's battered body into the courtyard . 
 henry was hardly recognizable . 
 he told me that henry was dying . 
 that if i wanted to save him , i would seek out a dark creature . 
 a vampire . 
 and i would take his power . 
 she stroked his cheek gently . 
 `` oh , william . 
 i 'm so sorry . 
 his eyes flashed at her . 
 `` i do n't need your pity , savannah . 
 she flinched and dropped her hand . 
 his jaw clenched . 
 he knew he 'd hurt her . 
 but he was n't used to someone caring about him ; he was n't used to someone trying to comfort him . 
 he took her hand in his , a silent apology . 
 after a moment , he kept talking , needing to tell the story , the whole story . 
 to finally tell the dark story to someone . 
 no , needing to tell her . 
 `` i followed the seer 's instructions , and i found the vampire . 
 it was a man . '' 
 he shook his head , remembering his first sight of the vampire . 
 `` he looked barely eighteen . 
 i thought he was just a lad . 
 i remember that he had blond hair and light blue eyes . '' 
 sad eyes . 
 eyes that had seen too much of the world . 
 eyes that had seen too much death . 
 `` i told him about henry , i told him that he had to transform me . 
 and he agreed . 
 william nodded . 
 `` he looked into my mind and gave me the gift . 
 she licked her lips . 
 `` and then you returned home . 
 i returned to hell , '' he corrected softly . 
 `` i returned to find my father 's butchered body . 
 geoffrey had killed him . 
 gutted him . 
 and left his body waiting for me . 
 she closed her eyes . 
 `` what about henry ? 
 you read the diary . 
 do n't you know ? 
 no . '' 
 her shoulders lifted and fell . 
 the sheet dipped slightly . 
 `` the entries ended with your father 's death . 
 on the eve of the new year . 
 henry noted that you went to seek out the vampire , but he never said what happened when you returned . '' 
 her lashes lifted , and she met his gaze . 
 `` when i read the diary , i suspected that you 'd gotten the gift . 
 i just ... knew . '' 
 she swallowed . 
 `` i got my friend mary to research you . 
 mary 's a whiz with computers . 
 she found a reference to a man named william dark in 1101 . 
 and then again in 1290 . 
 and in 1670 ... all of the descriptions of william were the same . 
 she lifted her hand and touched his scar . 
 `` this scar . 
 it was mentioned every time . 
 so i knew , i knew that you 'd become ... a vampire , '' he finished softly . 
 she nodded . 
 `` but i did n't know what had happened to your family . 
 to geoffrey , to henry - geoffrey found out about my father 's plans , and he went in search of the vampire on his own . 
 was he trying to save henry ? 
 i do n't know , '' william said . 
 and he did n't . 
 he did n't know if geoffrey 's original motivation had been henry or if he 'd just wanted the power of an immortal . 
 `` geoffrey was always hard , cruel . 
 he thought nothing of slicing off the hand of a peasant who touched him . 
 and my father encouraged such acts . 
 why did he kill his own father ? '' 
 savannah shook her head . 
 `` why would he do that ? 
 because guy de montfort was n't his father . 
 geoffrey was my half-brother , savannah . 
 we had the same mother , but our fathers were different . 
 who was his father ? 
 he rose from the bed and began to stalk around the room , barely aware of his nudity . 
 `` guy 's brother . 
 a year after i was born , my mother became pregnant with his child . 
 guy killed his brother as soon as he found out . 
 my mother died of a fever shortly after the baby was born . '' 
 william had always secretly thought her death was an act of kindness from god . 
 she had been spared from facing guy 's deadly wrath . 
 so your father took geoffrey in and raised him ? 
 at that time , a man could n't have too many sons . 
 all leaders needed men to follow them , sons to lead their armies . 
 he told the world that geoffrey was his , and he used him , just as he used henry and me . '' 
 he stopped , gripping the bedpost . 
 `` i do n't know why geoffrey finally killed him . 
 maybe it was because of what guy did to henry . 
 geoffrey always seemed to ... care for henry . 
 at least in his own , sick , twisted way . 
 i think my father 's attack just drove him over the edge . 
 and he sought out the vampire . '' 
 he could almost see the wheels turning in her mind as she explored possibilities . 
 `` and you returned home . '' 
 she paused a beat , and then she said , `` and you found henry . 
 henry knew what i 'd become . 
 i saw it in his eyes . '' 
 he could still remember the fear he 'd seen in his brother 's gaze . 
 `` he was barely hanging on . 
 he 'd been attacked again , and left to die . 
 he was choking on his blood . '' 
 he clenched his teeth , wanting to finish the dark tale and be done with the past . 
 savannah stared at him , an uncanny knowledge in her emerald gaze . 
 `` you tried to change him anyway , did n't you ? 
 he nodded . 
 `` he was my brother , '' he said simply , knowing she , of all people , would understand . 
 `` he 'd known that i 'd gone for the dark gift . 
 i tried to convert him , to give him my blood . 
 and , i think , i think it had begun to work - what happened ? 
 we were attacked . 
 word of my father 's death had reached his enemies . 
 they stormed our holding , killing everyone in their path . 
 knights , servants . 
 it made no difference . 
 they showed my people the same cruelty that my father had so often shown them . '' 
 the screams echoed in his mind . 
 he could hear the sound of shattering wood . 
 see the swords swinging toward him . 
 `` soldiers found henry and me . 
 they attacked us . 
 i fought them , killed them . 
 but when i turned back to henry - sorrow flashed across her expressive face . 
 `` he was dead . 
 he nodded and swallowed against the painful memory . 
 pain that was trying to choke him . 
 `` one of the swords hit him in the chest . 
 there was blood everywhere . '' 
 he 'd pulled the sword from henry 's chest and stood , numb , staring down at the still form of his brother . 
 `` i waited too long to transform him . 
 he died , because of me . 
 she jumped from the bed , dropping the sheet and running to his side . 
 `` do n't say that , william ! 
 it 's not true . 
 you did everything that you could to save henry . 
 if i 'd only gotten back to him sooner , if i 'd only transformed him sooner - '' the past had haunted him for so long . 
 if only things had been different ... she grabbed his arms , forcing him to turn and face her . 
 `` listen to me ! 
 it was n't your fault . 
 you did everything in your power to help henry . 
 you ca n't keep blaming yourself for his death ! 
 you ca n't ! '' 
 she paused then softly said , `` henry would n't blame you . 
 would n't he ? 
 `` geoffrey blames me . 
 what ? 
 he opened his mouth to reply , then frowned , feeling the slight change in the atmosphere . 
 a chill of warning skated down his spine . 
 dawn was coming . 
 he pulled away from her , ignoring her questioning stare and padded to the bookcase . 
 william ? '' 
 savannah stared blankly after him . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 surely he was n't just going to drop a bombshell like that on her and walk away ! 
 he pulled a black box from the top shelf . 
 he opened the lid and removed a silver key , a key exactly like the one he 'd used to unlock all of the metal doors in the tunnels . 
 he walked back to her . 
 `` i want you to keep this , '' he said . 
 `` it will allow you to come and go as you please from the tunnels . 
 she took the key from him . 
 it felt cold , heavy , in her hand . 
 `` but what about geoffrey - he touched her cheek gently . 
 `` that 's another story . 
 one that will have to be saved for another time . 
 dawn is coming . '' 
 he pointed to the key . 
 `` i want you to feel free to explore the house during the day . 
 no room is blocked to you . 
 i only ask that you stay inside . '' 
 his eyes were deep , swirling pools . 
 `` it 's safer inside . 
 she was touched by his concern . 
 `` i wo n't leave , '' she promised , curling her fingers around the key . 
 you 'll be safe during the day , '' he told her . 
 `` geoffrey will have to rest then . 
 he wo n't be able to touch you . 
 what about my dreams ? '' 
 she asked softly , with a shiver of remembered apprehension . 
 `` it was during the day when he entered my dreams before . 
 he touched her cheek . 
 a light , fleeting touch . 
 `` i 'll guard you . 
 now that you 've had the second bite , i can link with you . 
 i 'll make certain he does n't slip into your mind . 
 relief swept through her . 
 william 's head lifted , his eyes narrowing . 
 `` the sun is rising . '' 
 his voice was clipped . 
 `` you must go . 
 no , i want to stay with you . '' 
 and she did . 
 she did n't want to return to an empty room . 
 she wanted to stay with william . 
 a muscle flexed along the plane of his jaw . 
 she touched his shoulder . 
 `` what is it ? 
 he did n't look at her . 
 `` when the dawn comes , the change will come . 
 the change ? 
 his fingers clenched . 
 `` my body will shut down . 
 i wo n't breathe . 
 my heart wo n't beat . '' 
 he finally glanced at her tense features . 
 `` it will be as if i 'm dead . 
 i know what happens when you sleep , william , '' she told him gently . 
 `` i know you have to conserve your strength during the daylight hours . '' 
 she 'd read about the vampire 's need for complete stillness . 
 the sun was fierce , draining to a creature of the night . 
 during the day , all vampires shut down their physical bodies . 
 their minds remained strong , tangled in the dream world , but their bodies were forced to lay motionless . 
 then you know why you must leave . 
 savannah shook her head . 
 `` no , i do n't . 
 i want to stay with you . '' 
 she knew she was being stubborn , but she did n't really care . 
 she wanted to prove to him that she was n't afraid . 
 she could handle him , all of him . 
 his lips pressed against hers . 
 hard . 
 fast . 
 `` then stay . '' 
 his fingers curled around hers . 
 `` stay with me through the dawn . 
 she smiled at him . 
 and , just for an instant , his lips curved in response . 
 they lay back in the bed , curled in one another 's arms . 
 it felt good being there with him . 
 right . 
 sleep , savannah . '' 
 william 's voice was soft . 
 his arms were strong around her . 
 savannah closed her eyes , feeling safe , completely protected . 
 she slipped into the haunting mists of sleep with a gentle sigh . 
 moments later , when the sun rose , she was already in the land of dreams and did n't feel the sudden tense coldness of william 's body against hers . 
 at first , her dreams were happy . 
 she was with william . 
 they were dancing under a star-filled night sky . 
 she was so happy . 
 but then he pulled back , and his body seemed to waver before her eyes . 
 she reached for him , but he vanished . 
 there were woods around her . 
 twisted trees . 
 she ran , searching for william . 
 but it was n't william that she found . 
 in the shadowy world of her dreams , she saw her friend mary . 
 her long black hair billowed in the breeze as she stood looking down into a flowing river . 
 a smile curved savannah 's lips as she ran to greet her . 
 mary stepped forward , into the river . 
 a flash of lightning lit the night sky . 
 the water churned , and mary stumbled , falling to her knees . 
 savannah realized the water was black . 
 as black as the night itself . 
 the hungry waves seemed to surround mary , pulling her deeper and deeper into its cold embrace . 
 savannah ran as fast as she could , desperate to get to mary . 
 her bare feet pounded on the dank earth . 
 her heat pounded in her chest . 
 she was close . 
 so close . 
 just a few more feet - mary turned , her pale face a mask of fear . 
 her arms reached out to savannah . 
 and savannah heard the echo of a scream . 
 chapter 10 my brother has a taste for death . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , december 11 , 1068 the sun had not yet risen in seattle . 
 night 's darkness still clung to the empty city streets . 
 the shadows of the night cloaked him as he watched her . 
 he could see her so clearly through the thin glass of the window . 
 her black hair was pulled back into a careless ponytail . 
 her face , tense with concentration , peered at the computer screen . 
 her thin shoulders were hunched over , her fingers typing frantically on the keyboard . 
 he touched the pane of glass , feeling its cool surface against his hand . 
 he was so close to her . 
 he inhaled deeply , scenting the night air . 
 he could smell sweat , blood , and the faint odor of burning leaves and garbage . 
 but he could detect no trace of her . 
 not yet . 
 she was rubbing her forehead , obviously tired . 
 she 'd been at that computer of hers for over four hours . 
 he knew because he 'd been watching her all night . 
 watching . 
 and waiting . 
 over the years he 'd learned the value of patience . 
 he could wait endlessly for his prey . 
 she 'd been easy to track . 
 almost too easy . 
 would she be easy to kill ? 
 would she scream ? 
 would she fight him ? 
 he 'd always enjoyed a good fight . 
 he hoped that she would n't let him down . 
 she stood up and turned off her machine . 
 he saw her walk to the closet and grab a black leather jacket . 
 he smiled , his teeth glinting in the faint street light . 
 she was coming to him . 
 he moved away from the window and back into the shadows . 
 the front door opened with a soft squeak . 
 he heard the jingle of her keys as she carefully locked up the house . 
 she appeared to be such a cautious little thing , locking her doors like a good little girl . 
 as if that would save her . 
 her back was to him as she bent over the lock . 
 it would be so easy to go her , to take her now . 
 she would never even know what had happened . 
 but that would n't be any fun . 
 so he waited . 
 silent . 
 watchful . 
 she walked down the stone steps , her padded shoes making no sound against the concrete . 
 when she reached the sidewalk , she paused , her gaze sweeping around the area . 
 he knew she would n't see him . 
 he was far too adept at cloaking his presence . 
 she walked down the sidewalk . 
 where was she going at such a late hour ? 
 had n't her mother ever told her that the night could be dangerous ? 
 he crept behind her , inhaling her scent . 
 he could smell her shampoo . 
 it reminded him of apples . 
 he 'd always loved apples . 
 she still had her keys in her hand . 
 they were clenched between her fingers . 
 he almost smiled at her pitiful weapon . 
 he could hear her heart , pounding fiercely in her breast , and he could almost taste her blood , flowing richly through her veins . 
 sweet , sweet blood . 
 oh , how he loved the taste ... he crept closer , trailing her by mere inches . 
 she never turned around . 
 the street was completely empty . 
 all of the houses were dark . 
 no one could see her . 
 or him . 
 he reached out , touching her neck gently . 
 she screamed and jerked around , trying to scratch him with her keys . 
 he laughed as the keys cut into his face . 
 his arms wrapped around her , pulling her flush against him . 
 he yanked the keys from her and hurled them to the ground . 
 hello , pretty lady , '' he whispered , his eyes blood red . 
 `` i 've been waiting for you . 
 her eyes widened in horrified recognition . 
 she opened her mouth to scream again . 
 he clamped his hand over her mouth . 
 `` shhh , love . 
 we do n't want to wake the neighbors , now , do we ? '' 
 he smiled , letting her see his teeth . 
 he could smell the rich , heady aroma of her fear . 
 he loved the taste of fear . 
 `` hold still , love . '' 
 he licked her throat and felt her tremble . 
 tears leaked from the corners of her eyes . 
 he 'd always hated a woman 's tears . 
 they were weak . 
 useless . 
 `` are you afraid to die ? '' 
 he asked her , his voice tender . 
 he felt her slow nod . 
 that 's too bad , '' he murmured . 
 and he sank his teeth into her throat . 
 * * * * mary ! '' 
 savannah jerked awake , her heart pounding . 
 she 'd seen her friend so clearly , struggling in the dark waters of the river . 
 screaming . 
 asking for her help . 
 a cold knot of dread formed in the pit of her stomach . 
 something was wrong . 
 terribly wrong . 
 beside her , william 's body was eerily still . 
 she touched him , her fingers feathering over his bare shoulders . 
 his skin was so cold , and he was n't breathing . 
 he was n't moving . 
 william ? 
 he did n't answer , but then , she had n't really expected him to . 
 he would n't , could n't , rise until dusk . 
 fear was growing within her . 
 she was terrified that something had happened to mary . 
 she slid from the bed , wondering what time it was . 
 how long had she slept ? 
 how long had she dreamt of a black river that churned with hate ? 
 she slipped on her clothes and grabbed her key . 
 she had to call mary . 
 she had to make certain that her friend was all right . 
 she ran through the tunnels and up the stairs . 
 her legs burned , but she pushed herself , moving as fast as she could . 
 she burst into the kitchen and ran across the room . 
 she sent the door swinging back with a hard shove of her hand and raced down the hallway , her bare feet pounding on the cold wooden floor . 
 she grabbed the phone and quickly dialed mary 's apartment number . 
 the phone rang . 
 once . 
 twice . 
 savannah began to pray . 
 three times . 
 mary usually answered her phone on the second ring . 
 she 'd always said she just could n't wait to find out who was calling . 
 four rings . 
 still no answer . 
 savannah 's hand grew slick around the receiver . 
 why was n't mary answering ? 
 where was she ? 
 hello ? '' 
 the voice was female , soft and husky . 
 savannah 's knees sagged . 
 `` mary ? 
 no . '' 
 a deep sigh . 
 `` mary 's in the hospital . 
 the hospital ? 
 the room seemed to spin . 
 savannah slid to the floor , clutching the phone with all of her strength . 
 she recognized the voice of mary 's roommate . 
 `` sarah , it 's savannah . 
 is mary all right ? 
 what happened ? 
 there was a tense pause . 
 `` she 's not all right , savannah . 
 the doctors do n't think she 's going to make it . 
 savannah could hear the pain in sarah 's voice . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 she felt numb . 
 she was in a car accident . 
 they found her at the end of the street . 
 she drove her car straight into a tree , '' sarah said . 
 `` it was just before dawn . 
 what the hell was she doing out at that time ? 
 why was she driving ? '' 
 tears choked her voice . 
 savannah 's lips trembled . 
 `` what hospital is she at ? 
 mercy 's heart . 
 look , savannah , if you want to see mary , you 'd better get here , fast . 
 i do n't think she 's got much time . 
 you 'd better get here , fast . 
 `` i-i ca n't . 
 i ca n't leave - '' she 'd promised william . 
 i only ask that you stay inside . 
 his words echoed in her mind . 
 it 's safer inside . 
 you have to come . '' 
 sarah 's voice was urgent . 
 `` she 's ... she 's dying . 
 the doctors say it 's a matter of days , maybe hours . 
 a tear slid down savannah 's cheek . 
 not mary . 
 dear god , no , not mary . 
 savannah ? 
 are you there ? 
 yes . '' 
 a whisper . 
 you have to come . 
 you have to see her before , before - before it was too late . 
 before she died . 
 `` i 'll be there . '' 
 there was no choice . 
 `` i 'll be there as soon as i can , '' savannah said , her voice husky . 
 william would understand . 
 he would know that she 'd had to go , that she 'd had to see mary . 
 oh , god , mary . 
 she swallowed , tasting tears and pain . 
 nothing would stop her from seeing mary again . 
 nothing . 
 * * * * william felt her pain . 
 it beat against him , pounding into his mind . 
 he tried to reach out , to touch her , but he found only emptiness . 
 he could hear her voice . 
 hear her tears . 
 what was wrong ? 
 what had happened ? 
 savannah . 
 the cry echoed in his mind . 
 * * * * savannah barely remembered the car ride down the mountain . 
 the frantic dash through the airport was but a hazy memory . 
 as she sat on the plane , gazing out of the window at the vast land below , she could only remember mary . 
 her dear friend . 
 her best friend . 
 why ? 
 why had mary been hurt ? 
 had it been just a simple accident ? 
 why had mary been out so late ? 
 what had she been doing ? 
 something was n't right . 
 savannah could feel it . 
 there was more to the story . 
 more to mary 's `` accident . 
 had geoffrey gone after mary ? 
 was he the cause of her injuries ? 
 guilt almost smothered savannah at the thought . 
 had she led the killer to her friend 's door ? 
 she prayed that mary would still be alive . 
 that she would recover . 
 she prayed and she begged , hoping god would hear her desperate calls . 
 her fingers were locked tightly together . 
 her shoulders hunched forward . 
 her temples throbbed in a steady , pounding rhythm . 
 she was terrified . 
 as the miles rushed by , a fleeting thought whispered through her mind . 
 she wished william were with her . 
 * * * * william awoke to find himself alone in the bed . 
 he knew savannah was gone even before he took his first breath . 
 he could feel her absence . 
 feel the emptiness of the house . 
 and he could feel the echoes of her pain . 
 something had happened . 
 something that had forced her to leave the shelter of his home . 
 his heart clenched . 
 she was out there , in the night . 
 alone . 
 geoffrey would be waiting for her . 
 waiting for his perfect kill . 
 he tore through the tunnels , reaching the ground level of the house in mere seconds . 
 his entire focus was on savannah . 
 he had to get to her . 
 he had to find her . 
 before it was too late . 
 he went to her room . 
 he knew she would n't be there , but he found himself compelled to climb the narrow flight of stairs and hurry toward the dark room . 
 he had to see for himself . 
 he had to see - the room was empty . 
 but he could still smell her . 
 the faint scent of lavender clung to the sheets , the pillows . 
 he did n't bother to turn on a light . 
 he could see just as well in darkness as he could in light . 
 there was a note on her bed , propped lightly against the pillow . 
 it was short , brief , terrifying . 
 i 'm sorry , william . 
 i have to go back to seattle . 
 my friend mary has been in a terrible accident . 
 i have to see her . 
 do n't worry about me . 
 i 'll be safe . 
 and i will return as soon as i can . 
 i promise . 
 she had n't signed the note , she had n't needed to . 
 he crumpled the letter in his fist . 
 she would n't be coming back . 
 not if geoffrey had his way . 
 he knew that savannah was walking into a trap . 
 geoffrey had attacked her friend in order to draw her out into the open . 
 it was a tactic that his brother had used nine hundred years ago . 
 it had worked then , and william was very much afraid that it would work now . 
 he had to get to savannah before geoffrey did . 
 he sent the balcony doors crashing open with a wave of his hand and ran straight into the night . 
 he leapt high into the air , his body shifting , transforming . 
 he had many dark gifts . 
 and he would use them all to save savannah . 
 the man disappeared . 
 in his place , a large , menacing hawk took to the skies . 
 he would find her . 
 there was no other choice . 
 savannah . 
 * * * * she hated hospitals . 
 hated the scents , the sounds , and the overwhelming whiteness of the rooms . 
 hospitals were cold , stark , places of death and despair . 
 she 'd spent too many years of her life inside the icy walls of a hospital . 
 she 'd hoped to never step foot past the sliding glass doors again . 
 she could n't believe that mary was here . 
 that she might be dying . 
 not mary . 
 she was too strong . 
 too good . 
 her friend was in the intensive care unit . 
 her body was tied to a dozen different tubes and machines . 
 constant beeps emitted from the machinery . 
 visitors were n't supposed to be in the room with her . 
 but savannah had known the nurse on duty from her many visits to mercy 's heart . 
 patty o'connor was a sweet , matronly woman in her late fifties who had taken good care of savannah during her long hospital stays . 
 she and patty had become friends during those many hours . 
 patty had agreed to let savannah sneak back and visit with mary , but she 'd told her that she could only stay for a few moments . 
 tears clouded her eyes as she stared down at her friend . 
 mary 's face was covered in bruises and cuts . 
 both of her legs were broken . 
 patty had said that her friend had also suffered a concussion , two broken ribs , and a crushed pelvis . 
 her left lung had been punctured . 
 by the time the paramedics got to mary , her lung had already begun to fill with fluid . 
 mary had lost a lot of blood . 
 too much . 
 the doctors had frantically pumped the precious liquid back into her body . 
 it was truly a miracle that she was still alive . 
 unfortunately , the doctors were n't sure just how much longer she would be able to hold on . 
 savannah cradled mary 's hand , her fingers rubbing lightly over its back . 
 `` mary , it 's savannah . '' 
 she swallowed , trying to clear the lump from her throat . 
 `` can you hear me ? 
 there was no response . 
 the machines continued to beep . 
 the liquids continued to feed into mary 's body . 
 please , mary . 
 you 've got to fight . 
 you ca n't leave yet . 
 you just ca n't . '' 
 but as she gazed at mary 's pale , still face , she was desperately afraid that mary would , indeed , leave her soon . 
 her fingers tightened around mary 's . 
 `` how many times did you hold my hand when i was in a hospital bed ? 
 how many times did you tell me that i could n't give up ? 
 do you remember that , mary ? 
 you and mark . 
 you both kept telling me not to give up . 
 you told me to fight . 
 tears filled her eyes . 
 `` well , now i 'm telling you . 
 you 've got to fight , mary . 
 you have to live ! 
 did mary 's lashes flicker faintly ? 
 savannah continued talking , her voice feverish with intensity . 
 `` you can hear me , ca n't you , mary ? 
 i know you can . 
 stay with me , mary . 
 stay with me ! 
 i know you 're tired and that you hurt , and all you want to do is to slip away and let the pain stop . 
 i know , because i 've been there . 
 i just wanted to close my eyes and make it all stop . 
 but i did n't . 
 i kept fighting . 
 i wanted to live . 
 and you want to live , too . 
 i know you do . 
 you want to get married . 
 have kids . 
 cute little kids that you can teach to hack computers . 
 you want to go to spain . 
 you want to run with the bulls . 
 you want to do so much . 
 but if you do n't fight , you wo n't be able to do anything . 
 she felt mary 's fingers jerk against her . 
 savannah leaned forward , hope lighting her face . 
 `` mary ? 
 and then she saw them . 
 two tiny holes on the left side of mary 's throat . 
 barely visible , they would have gone unnoticed by most people . 
 but savannah had similar marks on her own neck . 
 she knew what those marks meant , what they were - a wave of nausea rolled through her . 
 `` dear god , '' she whispered , her face full of horror . 
 it had n't been an accident . 
 there was no way it could have been . 
 not with those marks . 
 geoffrey had done this ; he had attacked mary . 
 mary 's lashes lifted . 
 she moaned , the sound harsh and full of fear . 
 it 's all right , mary . 
 i 'm here . '' 
 savannah tried to soothe her . 
 mary began to thrash in the bed , her arms lifted , trying to jerk free of the restraints that held her . 
 her iv flew across the room . 
 blood poured down her arm . 
 no ! 
 stop ! 
 you 're going to hurt yourself ! '' 
 savannah frantically pressed the call button . 
 mary 's lips trembled . 
 she tried to speak , but a groan emerged from her lips . 
 patty ran into the room . 
 her eyes widened as she hurried to the bed , pulling mary 's arms down and securing them with velcro straps . 
 mary struggled against the confinement , her eyes huge and tear-filled . 
 another long groan slipped past her lips . 
 you 've got to leave , '' patty said while pushing the call button and demanding that the doctor be summoned . 
 mary began moaning . 
 her head thrashed . 
 calm down , '' patty told her . 
 `` you 're safe . 
 you were in an accident , but we 're taking care of you now . 
 everything is going to be all right , ms. todd . '' 
 she began to insert another intravenous needle into the back of mary 's hand . 
 savannah took a step back from the bed . 
 the doctor , an older man with steel gray hair and horn-rimmed glasses , appeared at the door . 
 he took a quick look , instantly assessing the situation . 
 morphine , now , '' he ordered . 
 a nurse hurried in from behind him , a long needle in her hand . 
 d-d-d-d - '' mary 's teeth clenched and frustration flashed across her face . 
 you need to leave , '' the doctor told savannah . 
 the machines beeped , faster , louder . 
 mary 's pain filled gaze locked on savannah . 
 `` d-d-d-dev - now , miss ! '' 
 the doctor 's tone was sharp . 
 a nurse grabbed savannah 's arm . 
 i 'll be back , '' she promised mary . 
 she hated to leave her . 
 she wanted to stay , to make certain that mary was all right . 
 you 've got to come with me , '' the nurse insisted . 
 d-d-devil ! '' 
 mary screamed , her face twisted in fear . 
 `` the d-d-devil s-s-said he was c-c-coming for y-you ! 
 everyone froze . 
 what ? '' 
 savannah 's voice was a whisper of sound . 
 h-he 's c-c-coming . 
 b-be r-ready . '' 
 mary 's eyes snapped shut and her body fell back , limp , against the bedcovers . 
 patty crossed herself . 
 mary ? '' 
 savannah stepped forward , breaking free of the nurse 's hold . 
 `` mary ! 
 the machines beeped , slow and steady , in the quiet room . 
 the doctor leaned over the bed , checking mary carefully . 
 is she going to make it ? '' 
 savannah asked , fear nearly choking her . 
 the doctor straightened slowly . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 savannah pressed her lips together to control their trembling . 
 what was she talking about ? '' 
 patty whispered , taking a quick step back from the bed . 
 `` the devil - the doctor frowned at her . 
 `` she was delirious . 
 you know how patients get - no , mary had n't been delirious . 
 the good doctor was very , very wrong . 
 the devil had attacked mary , and now , he was planning to come after savannah . 
 savannah stared at mary 's still body . 
 poor mary . 
 what she must have gone through ! 
 `` is she going to make it ? '' 
 she asked again . 
 the doctor ran a tired hand over his face . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i just do n't know . 
 it 's hard to tell for certain in a case like this , and i do n't want to give you false hope . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` she 's getting the best care . 
 we 'll do everything in our power to see that she pulls through . 
 savannah nodded . 
 she stared down at her friend 's pale face . 
 you have to leave , miss. . 
 she 's got to rest . 
 savannah leaned forward and kissed mary 's cheek . 
 `` fight , mary . 
 fight for me . '' 
 fight the devil who stalks you . 
 she stepped back , gazing at her friend 's wan face for a moment more . 
 then she turned , and walked slowly out of the room . 
 as she walked down the long hospital corridor , she could hear other patients and nurses talking . 
 she could hear the faint murmur of their voices . 
 the people passed by her in a blur . 
 she stared down at the shining white floor , moving through the hospital completely by memory . 
 mary 's words echoed in her mind . 
 savannah knew the devil that her friend spoke of was geoffrey . 
 he was coming after her . 
 and she was afraid that she would n't be strong enough to defeat him . 
 her steps were slow , wooden . 
 her head pounded . 
 she ignored the pain , ignored the chorus of voices and machines . 
 she kept walking . 
 slowly , steadily . 
 as she rode the elevator down to the first floor , she stared at her reflection in the glass , wondering at the fragile looking woman before her . 
 her eyes were sunken , glassy . 
 her skin chalk white . 
 she lifted a hand , driven by some strange impulse to touch her image , to comfort the sad woman who stood before her . 
 the elevator chimed and the door opened . 
 she forgot the sad woman who 'd stood before her , and she walked toward the small chapel . 
 she 'd always gone to the chapel when she needed strength . 
 when she needed hope . 
 she pushed open the wooden door and stepped inside . 
 the chapel was empty . 
 elaborate gold crosses were hung on all the walls , and several cloth covered pews were arranged in the middle of the room . 
 she walked toward the altar , staring with wide eyes at the image of jesus at his crucifixion . 
 she fell to her knees , closing her eyes . 
 `` please , god , '' she begged . 
 `` help mary . 
 give her strength . 
 a cold wind blew through the chapel . 
 the crosses trembled . 
 savannah 's eyes lifted . 
 a soft chuckle sounded from behind her , and she stopped breathing . 
 foolish woman , '' he said , his voice a wicked drawl . 
 `` even your god ca n't help you . 
 she recognized his voice . 
 the voice that haunted her dreams , her nightmares . 
 she stood on legs that trembled and took a deep breath . 
 she would n't let him see her fear . 
 she would n't . 
 she turned around slowly , gathering her strength , her courage . 
 the chapel 's door was open , and he stood on the threshold of this holy place , hidden in shadows . 
 she could n't see his face . 
 just the outline of his body . 
 tall , strong . 
 deadly . 
 stay away from me , '' she ordered , lifting her chin . 
 he laughed again . 
 `` foolish human . 
 what makes you think that you 're the one i want ? 
 what was he talking about ? 
 of course she was the one he wanted . 
 who else would he want ? 
 oh , god , mary ! 
 i know where she is , '' he whispered . 
 `` dear mary . 
 such a ... sweet woman . 
 no , no-she could n't let him get to mary . 
 her gaze flew around the chapel . 
 she needed a weapon , something - she tasted so sweet . 
 so pure . 
 i think i might just have to have another taste ... she grabbed one of the heavy wooden crosses from the wall . 
 `` stay away from her ! '' 
 her fingers clenched around the cross and she took a step forward . 
 she 's just above us , is n't she ? 
 perhaps i 'll go upstairs and see her again . 
 just for old time 's sake . 
 i said stay away from her ! '' 
 savannah snarled , straining to see him through the shadows . 
 make me , '' he invited , his voice a purr . 
 savanna lunged , swinging the cross in front of her . 
 in a flash , he vanished , leaving the echo of his foul laughter to fill the chapel . 
 chapter 11 when i look into his eyes , i see only evil . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , december 13 , 1068 she 'd warned the hospital personnel . 
 she 'd told them that mary 's life was in danger , that she needed constant supervision . 
 they 'd called in two extra guards , and they promised savannah that mary would be safe . 
 she had n't told them that the man who was after mary was n't exactly human . 
 they would n't have believed her if she 'd said a vampire wanted to kill her friend . 
 so , she 'd lied . 
 she 'd told them that mary 's ex-boyfriend was at the hospital and that he 'd confessed to attacking her . 
 after that , it had been easy to arrange for mary 's protection . 
 once she was certain that mary was safe , savannah had searched the upper levels of the hospital . 
 she did n't think that geoffrey had left , that he 'd just given up and decided to leave . 
 no , she knew he was still there , waiting on her . 
 waiting for her . 
 she could n't find him . 
 she looked , in every room and in every closet . 
 she hated the idea that he was there , waiting for the perfect moment to attack . 
 to possibly kill mary . 
 she had to draw him out . 
 draw him away from the hospital . 
 mary needed time to recover . 
 she would n't be able to survive another attack from him . 
 she had to lead him away . 
 she had to protect mary . 
 she pushed open the door to the stairwell . 
 only two flights stood between her and the parking garage . 
 a red overhead light illuminated the small area . 
 she hurried down the steps , wanting to get away as fast she could . 
 she absently rubbed her temple . 
 her head had been pounding steadily from the moment she 'd slipped into the hospital . 
 she wished she had n't left her pills at william 's . 
 she walked down three steps , and the world suddenly seemed to swirl before her . 
 she grabbed the iron railing , holding on tightly . 
 she saw a brief flash , and then darkness surrounded her . 
 she closed her eyes and heard the sound of her pounding heart . 
 had he found her ? 
 was he doing this to her ? 
 she counted to ten and opened her eyes . 
 the darkness was gone . 
 she once again saw the red glow of the light and the concrete stairs . 
 she began walking down the stairs , not taking her arm off the railing . 
 she did n't know what had just happened , but she did n't want to take any chances . 
 luckily , she only had to go down one more flight to get to the garage . 
 she 'd take her jeep and drive as far and as fast as she could . 
 she knew he would follow her . 
 and mary would be safe . 
 the concrete steps ended in front of a red door . 
 she shoved the door open , hurrying into the garage . 
 she could see her jeep sitting on the far side , right under the security camera . 
 the long , florescent lights flickered faintly overhead , casting shadows on the pavement . 
 no one else was in the vast garage . 
 no visitors , not even a security guard . 
 she had to hurry . 
 she had to get away . 
 before he - there was a man standing beside her jeep . 
 she could n't see his face . 
 just his body . 
 and his hair . 
 long hair , pulled back at the nape of his neck . 
 he stepped forward , into the light , and she gasped , stunned . 
 he had william 's hair . 
 william 's face . 
 william 's eyes . 
 his cheeks . 
 his sensuous mouth . 
 he could have been william but for one small detail . 
 the man before her did not have william 's slashing scar covering his cheek . 
 he 's my half-brother . 
 the memory of william 's words slipped through her mind . 
 brother . 
 the two men could have been twins . 
 he smiled at her . 
 `` hello , savannah . 
 i knew you 'd come . '' 
 he rubbed his face lightly . 
 `` did n't dear william tell you about the resemblance ? '' 
 he advanced toward her like the hunter that he was . 
 in her visions , his face had always been cloaked by darkness . 
 she 'd never known , never dreamed that he shared the face of her lover . 
 i 'm told we 're quite alike , '' he murmured . 
 his nails lengthened into razor sharp claws . 
 his words snapped savannah out of her shock . 
 `` you 're nothing alike . 
 you 're a killer , a monster ! 
 william is - his face tensed . 
 `` what is he ? '' 
 he snapped . 
 good . 
 the word whispered through her mind . 
 decent . 
 strong . 
 `` something you 'll never be , '' she said instead . 
 `` something you ca n't even understand . 
 he sprang forward , his arms outstretched . 
 his fingers looked like knives . 
 savannah stood her ground . 
 waiting for him , waiting for the perfect moment . 
 she could see his long , sharp teeth . 
 see the red of his eyes . 
 see his rage . 
 she slid her hand into her pocket . 
 just a moment longer ... now ! 
 she yanked her hand out . 
 her fingers were wrapped around a small can of mace . 
 she aimed for his eyes , those red , glowing eyes - he howled in rage and pain . 
 his hands fell away from her and moved to cover his burning eyes . 
 she did n't stand around and wait for him to recover . 
 she ran straight for her jeep . 
 if she could get inside and lock the doors , she might be able to get away . 
 you 'll pay for that , '' he snarled behind her . 
 her fingers fumbled , dropping the mace as she searched desperately for the keys hidden inside her purse . 
 she heard his footsteps , pounding on the concrete after her . 
 where were those damn keys ? 
 her fingers curled around them . 
 she pulled them out , dropping her purse as she fled . 
 just a few more feet ... he grabbed her from behind , spinning her around and shoving her against the back of her jeep . 
 she brought her keys up , aiming for his injured eyes . 
 she was n't going to let him take her without a fight ! 
 she struck out with all of her strength . 
 his arm lifted , slamming into her wrist . 
 she hit back , gouging with the keys . 
 she missed his eye by an inch . 
 but she left a bloody trail down his left cheek . 
 you bitch ! '' 
 his fingers locked around her wrist , squeezing the bone and tendon . 
 she heard a sharp , sickening pop . 
 the keys slipped from her suddenly nerveless fingers and fell to the ground . 
 the blood dripped down his cheek . 
 he pulled her imprisoned wrist high over her head . 
 she hit him with her free hand , pounding against his chest , his neck . 
 he laughed and bent his head toward hers . 
 i love a good fight , '' he whispered , pressing his lips against hers . 
 she could taste blood . 
 his , hers , she did n't know . 
 she twisted her head back , feeling the cold metal behind her . 
 she kicked him , over and over , using her shoes to pound his shins . 
 he did n't even seem to feel the blows . 
 he pulled her forward and captured her free hand . 
 wrenching both of her arms behind her , he held her effortlessly with one steely hand . 
 he forced her to move back into the dark corner of the garage . 
 she strained , struggling against him , against his overwhelming strength . 
 he was relentless . 
 in seconds , he 'd pressed her against the garage 's cold brick wall . 
 his legs pushed between hers , leaving her body open , helpless . 
 she could n't kick him . 
 she could n't hit him , so she opened her mouth and screamed as loud as she could . 
 his hand clamped over mouth , driving her lips back against her teeth . 
 this time , she knew the blood she tasted was her own . 
 she stared up at him , hate consuming her . 
 this was the murdering animal that had killed her brother . 
 killed sharon . 
 attacked mary . 
 her body shook with rage . 
 he smiled . 
 i 've waited a long time for you , '' he whispered , bending forward and licking the skin of her neck . 
 she tried to jerk back , but her head just rammed into the wall . 
 he laughed at her efforts , obviously enjoying the thrill of the fight . 
 he began to nuzzle her neck , biting her lightly . 
 he inhaled deeply , drinking her scent . 
 pulling back , he gazed down at her with eyes that flashed . 
 `` i can smell him on you , '' he snapped . 
 `` he 's all over you . 
 his left hand was still clenched tightly around her wrists . 
 his right hand rose and locked around her throat . 
 his hold tightened . 
 she gasped , struggling for air . 
 my brother 's lover , '' he murmured , staring at her with disgust . 
 `` how i will enjoy killing you ... she slammed her head forward , catching him in the chin . 
 he swore , but his grip never wavered . 
 tears swam in her eyes . 
 her head throbbed , pounded . 
 pain radiated from her temples in a blinding rush . 
 she could n't breathe . 
 her throat burned . 
 her lungs ached . 
 he was killing her . 
 william ! 
 the cry echoed in her mind . 
 he had been right . 
 she was n't strong enough to defeat geoffrey . 
 she was n't strong enough to kill the monster . 
 and now , she would die . 
 she wished she 'd had the chance to tell william good-bye . 
 william . 
 her dark knight . 
 geoffrey 's head suddenly jerked up and his nostrils flared . 
 he released , spinning around to scan the dark garage . 
 savannah fell to the floor , landing in a tangled heap . 
 she gasped , desperately trying to take in precious oxygen . 
 geoffrey took a step forward , crouching low . 
 she pulled herself to her knees , pushing up with her hands . 
 she knew her wrist was broken , she could see the bone pushing out at an odd angle . 
 she swallowed . 
 it did n't matter . 
 the pain did n't matter . 
 she had to block it . 
 she had to fight . 
 geoffrey 's back was to her . 
 she could tell that he was searching the garage , using his sharp senses to hunt . 
 he was obviously waiting for someone . 
 for another kill . 
 she could n't let him do it . 
 she could n't stand by while he murdered another person . 
 she sprang forward , throwing her body against his back . 
 he snarled , spinning around . 
 with an almost casual wave of his hand , he hurled her back against the wall . 
 she slid slowly down to the floor . 
 the pounding in her head intensified . 
 he stalked toward her . 
 william . 
 his name was a whisper that never slipped past her lips , a scream that echoed in her mind . 
 geoffrey leaned down and pulled her to her feet . 
 his fingers tangled in her hair , jerking her head back and exposing her throat . 
 `` are you afraid to die ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 she stared into his eyes and saw her death . 
 `` no , '' she murmured , knowing her time had come . 
 she was n't afraid of dying . 
 for years she 'd lived with the grim specter of death looming over her . 
 she did n't mind dying . 
 and she certainly did n't fear death . 
 but she was angry , fiercely and completely enraged , that her brother would go unavenged and william would be forced to slay his brother alone . 
 her answer seemed to catch geoffrey off-guard . 
 he paused , staring into her eyes . 
 she swallowed , tasting death . 
 `` are you ? 
 his eyes narrowed in rage . 
 he opened his mouth , exposing his long , glinting fangs . 
 they lowered toward her throat . 
 she felt the scrape of his teeth against his throat . 
 at the same moment , a fiery burst of pain seemed to explode inside of her mind . 
 she burned , her mind a whirlpool of twisting agony . 
 a ball of light flashed before her eyes . 
 and then she saw only darkness . 
 she did n't feel his teeth as they sank into her throat . 
 she did n't feel her throbbing wrist , or the aching of her bruised and battered limbs . 
 all of the pain had vanished , disappearing into the enveloping darkness . 
 her body fell limp , hanging weakly in geoffrey 's arms . 
 and just as she slipped into the waiting abyss , she heard her brother 's voice . 
 she head mark call her name . 
 * * * * savannah ! '' 
 william burst into the parking garage , fear nearly overwhelming him . 
 with every second that passed , he could feel savannah slipping away from him . 
 he 'd felt her the moment he 'd reached seattle . 
 felt the waves of pain and fear that enveloped her . 
 felt the cool touch of death wrapping around her . 
 savannah did n't have much time . 
 her body was rebelling against her , refusing to continue fighting . 
 when he ran into the garage , he could feel his brother . 
 he felt the sick , twisted rage that clung to geoffrey like a cloak . 
 but , like a light being switched off , he could no longer feel savannah . 
 not her warmth . 
 not her spirit . 
 not even a flicker of the pain that seemed to haunt her so . 
 he simply could not feel her . 
 and that terrified him . 
 the scent of blood teased his nostrils . 
 the faint smell of lavender tormented his soul . 
 he saw geoffrey , his arms wrapped around savannah , his mouth feeding at her throat . 
 william snarled in rage , launching himself at his brother . 
 geoffrey whirled , sensing the attack . 
 he dropped savannah 's body to the ground and leapt at william . 
 they met , eyes red and teeth flashing , in a tangle of limbs and hatred . 
 geoffrey 's claws ripped william 's skin , tearing open his chest and leaving a bloody , gaping wound . 
 william 's fingernails lengthened into razor sharp claws , and he slashed out , catching geoffrey in the shoulder . 
 blood slid down his brother 's arm , dripping from his hand . 
 hello , brother , '' geoffrey whispered . 
 `` it 's been too long . '' 
 he struck out with his claws , aiming for william 's exposed throat . 
 william caught his hands in a steely grip . 
 he clenched his teeth , and forced his brother 's claws back . 
 he saw savannah from the corner of his eye . 
 she was n't moving . 
 her body lay still and pale over a pool of blood . 
 what have you done ? '' 
 he snarled , sending geoffrey flying back against the hood of a car . 
 what have you done ? 
 geoffrey jumped from the car , landing easily on his feet . 
 he licked his lips , catching the blood that still lingered upon him with his tongue . 
 `` i had a taste of your lover , '' he said , his lips twisted into an unholy smile . 
 the beast within william screamed , howled in rage . 
 he attacked . 
 he slammed into geoffrey , pummeling him , over and over . 
 his claws slashed him , leaving deep cuts all over his brother 's body . 
 his head . 
 his chest . 
 geoffrey lashed out with his foot , kicking william in the stomach . 
 the blow sent william crashing onto the concrete . 
 he jumped up immediately and flew at his brother . 
 his vision had narrowed . 
 all he saw was geoffrey . 
 he was going to kill his brother . 
 now . 
 savannah moaned , the sound soft , barely a whisper . 
 william froze . 
 geoffrey slammed into him , sending them both tumbling to the ground . 
 geoffrey lifted his hand , and william realized his brother was holding a wooden stake , and it was hovering two inches over his heart . 
 geoffrey 's smile widened . 
 `` are you afraid to die , brother ? 
 william 's hand snapped out , faster than a striking snake , and he ripped the stake out of his brother 's grasp . 
 he kicked up , sending geoffrey crashing back . 
 geoffrey slammed into a truck , denting the side . 
 william jumped to his feet , the stake clutched tightly in his fist . 
 he advanced on geoffrey , watching coldly as his brother stumbled to his feet . 
 geoffrey 's breathing came hard and fast . 
 his face was tense , drawn from the battle and his increasing blood loss . 
 his gaze shifted frantically around the garage . 
 and then he smiled , his angel 's smile . 
 `` do you hear that , brother ? 
 do you hear that sound ? 
 william froze , becoming aware of a faint , slow beat . 
 geoffrey licked his lips . 
 `` it 's her heart . 
 it 's struggling to beat . 
 hear it ? 
 he did hear it . 
 it was slow . 
 too slow . 
 she 's not going to make it . 
 your lover is dying . '' 
 geoffrey pressed his hand against his shoulder , trying to staunch the flow of blood . 
 william glanced at geoffrey and then at savannah . 
 he could hear her heart laboring desperately . 
 what 's it going to be , brother ? '' 
 geoffrey asked . 
 `` her life ... or mine ? 
 william turned toward savannah , and geoffrey attacked . 
 he slammed into william 's back . 
 the stake fell from his grasp and clattered across the floor . 
 william swung back , throwing geoffrey off him with a powerful swipe . 
 he strained , struggling to hear the sound of savannah 's heartbeat . 
 he almost fell to his knees as realization dawned . 
 he did n't hear the beating anymore . 
 savannah ! '' 
 he ran to her and slipped his hands beneath her , cradling her body against his . 
 her head fell back , like a broken flower . 
 it 's too late ! '' 
 geoffrey snarled , pushing to his knees . 
 `` she 's dead ! '' 
 geoffrey smiled . 
 `` but do n't worry , brother , i 'll see to it that you join her ... soon . '' 
 his brother stumbled to his feet and then ran for the door , leaving a trail of blood in his wake . 
 as william watched in helpless fury , his brother 's body shifted , becoming mist , and he vanished . 
 william turned to savannah , desperation sweeping through him . 
 it could n't be too late . 
 he could n't , would n't , lose her . 
 he cradled her in his arms , pulling her tightly against his chest . 
 her head slipped back , revealing her bruised and bloodied throat . 
 he touched the marks gently , with hands that shook . 
 the wounds were deep , too deep . 
 savannah , '' his voice was a whisper of sound . 
 `` savannah , come back to me . 
 open your eyes and come back to me ! 
 she did n't move . 
 he began to rock her back and forth , as if she were a child . 
 `` open your eyes , savannah . 
 open your eyes ! '' 
 he commanded , pleaded . 
 no response . 
 fear burned through him . 
 it was too much like last time . 
 too much like henry . 
 he 'd held his brother , praying for him to live , only to watch him die . 
 he sent his mind out , freeing it to search for hers . 
 he would find her spirit and force her to come back to him . 
 he caught the faint flicker of her warmth , and he followed her , stalking her like the hunter he 'd once been . 
 pain slammed through his mind . 
 deep . 
 fiery . 
 all-consuming . 
 it was her pain . 
 her agony . 
 and he knew that her death was seconds away . 
 he tried to comfort her , to give her his strength , but he could n't stop the pain . 
 could n't stop the blinding flashes of light . 
 his gut twisted . 
 her end was near . 
 death was reaching out his hungry hands to claim her . 
 no ! '' 
 william screamed . 
 `` i wo n't let you go ! 
 you ca n't leave me ! 
 not again . 
 he would not sit by while death claimed someone else that belonged to him . 
 he stood , holding her slight weight easily , and ran for the parking lot exit . 
 beyond the concrete walls , he could see the night . 
 he could see the faint light from the stars . 
 the hazy moon . 
 just a few more steps . 
 he erupted into the night , his body shooting up into the sky . 
 savannah was held tightly to him , locked in his powerful embrace . 
 time was running out . 
 he had to find a safe place for her . 
 he had to make certain that she was protected so that the ritual could begin . 
 he scanned the terrain . 
 `` hold on , '' he whispered to her still figure . 
 `` just hold on ! 
 there ! 
 he flew down , landing on the deserted rooftop . 
 they would be safe here . 
 safe from prying eyes and his brother . 
 he lowered her gently onto the roof . 
 his hand smoothed against her brow , gently pushing back her tangled hair . 
 her skin was pale , far too pale . 
 she would not live much longer . 
 savannah , '' her name was a sigh , a prayer . 
 `` sweet savannah . 
 he lowered his head to her throat , still listening carefully for the faint beat of her heart . 
 how long had it been since he 'd last heard its beat ? 
 seconds ? 
 minutes ? 
 then he heard a faint stuttering sound . 
 her heart ! 
 he hesitated . 
 was she strong enough ? 
 would she be able to survive the kiss ? 
 william . 
 his gaze flew to her face . 
 her eyes were still closed . 
 her cheeks hollowed . 
 had she spoken ? 
 or had his feverish mind conjured her voice ? 
 he touched her lips gently and saw her bruised throat move as she struggled to swallow , struggled to speak . 
 kiss me , william , '' she begged . 
 `` kiss me . 
 his lips lowered to hers . 
 as gentle as the wind , as soft as the night , he caressed her , worshipped her . 
 he breathed into her mouth , trying to give her his strength , his energy , his very soul . 
 her heartbeat stopped , and she gasped . 
 no ! '' 
 she would not leave him . 
 he would not allow it ! 
 they had made a vow . 
 she 'd promised him eternity . 
 he would not lose her to death . 
 he sank his teeth into her throat . 
 her sweet blood slid over his tongue , hot , pure . 
 it made him ravenous . 
 he wanted to drink , to drink all of her . 
 but he could feel her slipping away . 
 her spirit was leaving . 
 she was leaving him . 
 he pulled back , her blood sliding down his chin . 
 with his teeth , he ripped a long , jagged path across his wrist and put the wound over her mouth , moving her throat so that she was forced to swallow the precious liquid . 
 she had to take his blood . 
 she had to drink from him , or the ritual would never work . 
 he pressed against her chest , against her heart . 
 once , twice . 
 he willed her heart to move . 
 to beat . 
 just once more . 
 just long enough for her to drink . 
 to transform . 
 he poured all of his power into her , pushing his psychic gifts to the limit . 
 and her heart began to beat . 
 her eyes shot open , blank and frightened . 
 he lifted his hand , forcing her to drink his blood . 
 her lips moved , as light as a butterfly , against his skin . 
 just a little bit more ... she collapsed , her body sinking into his arms . 
 he stared down at her , fear consuming him . 
 had it been enough ? 
 had she gotten enough for the ritual ? 
 he could n't feel her heartbeat . 
 she was n't breathing . 
 he spoke quickly , reciting the words he had n't spoken for over nine hundred years . 
 `` i give to you my blood , my life . 
 take it , become one . 
 one of the chosen . 
 be of the night . 
 be of me . '' 
 he leaned forward , whispering against her still lips . 
 `` be with me , forever , as i give you the kiss . '' 
 he pressed his lips against hers , tasting blood , tasting fear . 
 he heard thunder echo in the distance , and the wind howled . 
 he could smell the storm , feel its approach as it whipped around them . 
 he did n't move . 
 he just sat there , cradling her cold , still body against his . 
 had he waited too long ? 
 had her spirit already left ? 
 as henry 's had left ? 
 was he too late , again ? 
 the minutes ticked by in silence . 
 savannah continued to lay ominously still in his arms . 
 his hands clenched around her . 
 too late . 
 he 'd been too late , again . 
 rain exploded from the sky . 
 torrents fell , drenching him , washing the blood from her body , from his . 
 forgive me . 
 the words screamed inside his mind . 
 he 'd failed her . 
 as he 'd failed henry . 
 he kissed her again . 
 kissed her wet , still lips . 
 his chest burned . 
 `` damn you , '' he whispered , staring down into her pale face . 
 `` you promised that you 'd stay with me . '' 
 his hand stroked her cheek . 
 he could n't believe that she was gone . 
 not savannah . 
 she was too strong . 
 too good . 
 he would kill geoffrey . 
 he would see his brother dead before the next sun set . 
 he would - her lashes fluttered . 
 her lips parted , and a soft gasp emerged from her mouth . 
 savannah ! '' 
 he cradled her against him , using his body to shield her from the pouring rain . 
 her lashes lifted . 
 her eyes , so pure , so green , met his . 
 she smiled tiredly . 
 `` hello , william . 
 chapter 12 life does not stop with death . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , december 16 , 1068 . 
 she could hear the sound of wind chimes , light , soothing music that floated toward her . 
 she lay unmoving , just listening to the soft sound . 
 the chimes reminded her of home , of her apartment . 
 she had wind chimes on her balcony , and she awoke everyday to their soothing greeting . 
 but she was n't at home now . 
 she could n't be . 
 and she was afraid . 
 afraid to open her eyes . 
 afraid of what she would see . 
 her last memory had been of william . 
 rain had pounded down on him , and he 'd been soaked to the bone . 
 blood had mingled with the water and ran down his face in rivulets . 
 his eyes had been red , redder than the fires of hell . 
 he 'd looked both furious and frightened . 
 she 'd known that he was enraged at his brother . 
 but why had he been frightened ? 
 she 'd glimpsed him for only a moment , and then she had fallen back into the dark world that waited for her . 
 what world would she see today ? 
 she took a deep breath and her eyes opened . 
 she saw her bedroom wall . 
 she saw the mural that she 'd painted , the swirling waves of the ocean and the distant lighthouse . 
 she saw her bookshelves , her computer . 
 her wicker furniture and her small dressing table . 
 she sat up quickly , staring at the room in wonder . 
 how had she gotten back - her bedroom door opened and william walked inside . 
 he froze when he realized that she was awake . 
 suddenly nervous , savannah quickly ran her hand through her hair . 
 her hand . 
 she froze and stared at her wrist in wonder . 
 geoffrey had broken it . 
 she 'd heard the bone snap . 
 she twisted her wrist , waiting for the pain . 
 none came . 
 the bone has healed , '' william said , coming to sit on the edge of the bed . 
 how can that be ? '' 
 she touched her throat , expecting to feel tender skin . 
 she felt only smooth , unmarred flesh . 
 william just watched her , his gaze steady . 
 she heard the voices then . 
 the couple below her was arguing . 
 the wife was angry because her husband had forgotten to pick up milk at the grocery store . 
 she could hear a child crying , somewhere on the ground floor . 
 she could hear television sets . 
 hear phones . 
 footsteps . 
 heartbeats . 
 her eyes widened as understanding dawned . 
 do n't worry . 
 william 's voice floated through her mind . 
 his lips did n't move . 
 i 'll teach you to block out much of the noise . 
 it 's all a matter of focusing . 
 focus your energy , focus on me . 
 she flinched at the mental touch . 
 she took a deep breath and focused her attention , centering on him . 
 the myriad of noises quieted almost at once . 
 `` y-you gave me the kiss , did n't you ? '' 
 she had to hear him say it . 
 yes , savannah , i did . 
 and then she realized that her head did n't hurt . 
 for the first time in over six years , she had n't awoken with pounding temples . 
 `` my tumor ? 
 he smiled . 
 `` you do n't have to worry about that anymore . 
 not worry about it ? 
 what would it be like to live each day without the threat of death hanging over her head ? 
 she rose slowly from the bed and was vaguely surprised to note that she was wearing a pale blue nightgown . 
 she recognized it as a gift she 'd gotten last christmas from sharon . 
 william must have dressed her . 
 he must have brought her home and dressed her for bed . 
 she walked slowly toward the closed balcony doors . 
 with one hand , she touched the heavy blinds . 
 `` has night fallen ? 
 he watched her closely . 
 `` yes . 
 she lifted the blinds , peering out into the darkness . 
 `` he 's out there , is n't he ? 
 he did n't answer . 
 she opened the door and stepped outside . 
 the night air brushed against her skin , soothing her . 
 she gazed down below . 
 she could see cars driving past , see people walking on the street . 
 she could see a young couple holding hands and kissing gently under the glow of a streetlight . 
 she could see every detail of their faces . 
 and they were two blocks away . 
 is he hunting ? '' 
 she asked , her gaze locked on the couple . 
 no . 
 she turned to him in surprise . 
 he would have gone to ground . 
 his injuries were severe . 
 he would have needed time to recover . 
 gone to ground . 
 a shiver slid down her spine . 
 she was n't sure she wanted to know what william meant by that phrase . 
 `` i was injured ... very badly , '' she said , remembering the fiery pain that had shot through her brain . 
 `` why did n't i need more time to ... to heal ? 
 he rose and walked toward her . 
 his stride was slow , purposeful like that of a hunter who has already captured his prey . 
 she stepped back , her legs hitting the wooden frame of the balcony . 
 his body stopped inches away from hers . 
 `` i gave you my blood . 
 ancient blood . 
 and then you went through the change . 
 she frowned . 
 `` and that healed me ? 
 all vampires heal quickly , '' he said . 
 `` it 's one of our gifts . 
 in your case , though , it was the transformation itself that repaired your body . 
 in a sense , you can say that you were recreated . 
 reborn . 
 she swallowed . 
 `` and ... how long will it take geoffrey to heal ? 
 his gaze was direct . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 two days . 
 a week . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` he will have to sleep for at least forty-eight hours . 
 after that - he 'll start hunting again . '' 
 her heart pounded . 
 `` he could go after mary ! 
 he touched her lightly , stroking her cheek . 
 `` your friend is safe . 
 i 've arranged for her to be well guarded until this is over . 
 relief swept through her . 
 she 'd been so afraid for mary . 
 if anything had happened to her dear friend , it would have been all her fault . 
 william 's gaze swept slowly over her upturned face . 
 his mouth tightened into a thin line . 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 savannah asked , instantly sensing the turmoil running through him . 
 he stepped back , sliding into the shadows . 
 `` i almost lost you , '' he said , his voice quiet and deep . 
 she remembered the numbing coldness that had swept through her body . 
 she remembered the consuming darkness , the brilliant flashes of light . 
 and remembered her brother 's voice . 
 i think you did , '' she murmured . 
 `` for a moment . '' 
 she walked toward him , into the shadows . 
 `` but then you brought me back . 
 his arms wrapped around her . 
 `` i could n't let you leave me . 
 he felt so good against her . 
 so strong . 
 so solid . 
 her arms slid around his waist . 
 `` i did n't want to leave you . 
 his head lowered and he kissed her . 
 his lips were gentle , featherlight against hers as if he feared hurting her . 
 he drew back , staring down at her . 
 `` i ca n't risk losing you . '' 
 she could hear pain , anguish , in his voice . 
 she frowned . 
 `` you 're not going to lose me . 
 we made a deal , remember ? 
 forever . 
 his arms tightened around her . 
 `` yes , forever . 
 she stood on tiptoe and pressed her lips against his . 
 her tongue slid over his full lower lip , teasing him . 
 she wanted to drive him over the edge , to force him to lose his control . 
 she wanted to wipe the lingering fear from his mind and prove to him that she would n't break . 
 that she was strong . 
 a perfect match for him . 
 they were on her balcony . 
 anyone could see them . 
 she did n't care . 
 she could feel his body hardening against her . 
 do you know what you 're doing ? '' 
 he gritted , his eyes flashing . 
 she smiled . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she rubbed her br ** sts against him , letting the delicate silk of her nightgown slide over his chest . 
 her fingers moved lightly , nimbly , and began to unbutton his shirt . 
 she wanted to feel his skin against her . 
 desire pounded through her . 
 her body felt alive . 
 she could feel the blood flowing through her veins . 
 the strength . 
 the power . 
 the passion . 
 she pushed his shirt down his arms and tossed it carelessly aside . 
 her nails ran down his chest , scoring his skin lightly . 
 she heard him suck in a sharp breath . 
 she bent down , lowering her head . 
 while swirling her tongue around his nipple , she slid her hand down to the front of his pants . 
 she wanted him . 
 here . 
 now . 
 with the night surrounding them and the stars shining upon them . 
 she wanted to feel william 's heat , his passion . 
 she wanted to feel . 
 to know that she was alive . 
 to know that death had n't won . 
 she lowered his zipper . 
 his hand flashed out , locking around her wrist . 
 she looked up and saw a muscle flex along the hard line of his jaw . 
 i do n't have much control , '' he said , his voice guttural . 
 his eyes were flaming red . 
 she smiled . 
 `` good . '' 
 she was heady with power . 
 she could do this to him . 
 she could push him to the edge ... and beyond . 
 she lowered the zipper , easing her hand inside to touch his heat . 
 her hand gripped him , stroking softly . 
 he groaned . 
 as her hand continued to caress his rigid length , she kissed him , letting her tongue glide over his lips and into the warmth of his mouth . 
 she loved to taste him . 
 she moaned , the sound low , throaty . 
 his hands clenched around her shoulders , his fingers digging into her skin . 
 his tongue thrust against hers . 
 hot . 
 wet . 
 she tore her mouth from his and began to lick his neck . 
 she could feel his pulse pounding , throbbing against her lips . 
 she suckled his skin , pulling it lightly into her mouth and biting gently . 
 william 's body shook . 
 `` we have to go inside , '' he muttered . 
 `` now . 
 her teeth pressed against him , harder . 
 his pulse pounded . 
 he swore and lifted her into his arms , shouldering open the door and stepping into her bedroom . 
 he took two long strides and lowered her onto the bed . 
 he stared down at her , his face granite hard . 
 she lifted her arms , a silent invitation . 
 his control snapped . 
 he fell upon her , ripping her nightgown away and leaving her in scraps of silk . 
 his hot mouth captured her breast , licking , sucking . 
 she fisted her hands in his hair , and she lifted her hips , rubbing against him . 
 she could feel him pressing against her , sliding against the fragile barrier of her panties . 
 his mouth continued to suckle her while his fingers teased her other breast , plucking lightly at her nipple . 
 pleasure lashed her . 
 it was too much . 
 it was n't nearly enough . 
 she pushed against his shoulders , forcing him onto his back . 
 she moved so that she sat astride him and stared down at him , her chest rising and falling rapidly . 
 her panties were still in the way . 
 frustration boiled through her . 
 then she once again heard the sound of silk tearing . 
 william smiled up at her . 
 she could feel him , feel the tip of his shaft pressing against her , teasing her tender opening . 
 it still was n't enough . 
 she pressed down on him , forcing his rigid length inside of her hungry body . 
 he stretched her , pushing his way deep inside . 
 they both moaned . 
 and then they began to move . 
 faster . 
 harder . 
 her hips lifted , fell , lifted . 
 the rhythm was wild , frantic . 
 she hit her first climax and felt pleasure rock through her . 
 william 's fingers bit into her hips , forcing her body to continue its pace . 
 the second climax began to build . 
 faster , harder than the first . 
 she lowered her head , licking his throat . 
 her teeth began to burn . 
 her hips moved frantically against his . 
 her mouth opened against him , and her teeth scraped against his neck . 
 he thrust deeper into her warmth . 
 do it , '' he growled . 
 `` do it , savannah ! '' 
 there was a dark need in his voice that she did n't fully understand . 
 he slammed into her body one more time . 
 her release rolled through her , sending her spiraling . 
 her teeth sank into his throat . 
 his shout of release filled the room and drifted out into the waiting night . 
 * * * * he knew the woman had survived . 
 he knew that william had transformed her . 
 he could feel it . 
 but it did n't matter . 
 he would still kill her . 
 he would drain all of the blood from her body and leave her dead corpse for his brother to find . 
 geoffrey 's body lay perfectly still , buried deep within the earth . 
 he could feel his strength beginning to return . 
 soon , he would be able to rise . 
 and destroy . 
 he would kill the woman first . 
 he 'd always enjoying killing women . 
 their fear was so wonderfully delicious . 
 maybe he would make dear william watch as he took the life from his lover . 
 yes , he 'd make him watch . 
 and then he 'd kill william . 
 as he should have done so long ago . 
 he 'd tried to kill his brother before . 
 when they were just lads , he 'd pushed william into the dark river near their father 's hold . 
 he 'd watched from the shore as william had struggled to survive , struggled to stay afloat . 
 and when william had screamed for help , geoffrey had just smiled . 
 unfortunately , william 's scream had drawn the attention of a nearby knight . 
 and his brother had been dragged from the water , unconscious , but alive . 
 later , when they 'd trained with weapons , learning to fight with guy 's men , he 'd attacked his brother a second time . 
 william , caught off guard , had no time to avoid the deadly blade that swung toward his face . 
 he 'd been scarred ever since that blessed day . 
 when confronted by the knights , geoffrey had claimed the blade slipped . 
 he 'd been able to tell that william had n't believed the pitiful lie . 
 the knights had , so they let him continue training . 
 but william had started watching him more carefully after that day . 
 he 'd been on guard . 
 geoffrey was almost glad he had n't managed to kill him before . 
 he wanted william to know that death was coming for him . 
 of the three brothers , william had been the only one who truly belonged . 
 guy had always told geoffrey that william was his real son , the only `` true de montfort . 
 geoffrey hated william . 
 he did n't deserve the title . 
 he did n't have guy 's lust for power . 
 he did n't have the de montfort taste for killing . 
 but geoffrey did . 
 guy had never appreciated him , and , in the end , he 'd had to die . 
 geoffrey proved to the bastard that he was a true de montfort . 
 he 'd killed guy , and he 'd enjoyed moment of it . 
 covered in guy 's blood , he 'd gone to the seer who had sent william on his quest , and he 'd forced the man to tell him the location of the vampire . 
 he 'd cut him at least a dozen times before the old fool finally gave him the directions he needed . 
 he 'd sought out the vampire , and he 'd been transformed by him . 
 of course , after the transformation , geoffrey had killed the vampire . 
 he could still remember the rush of power , of strength that moment had given him . 
 he 'd killed hundreds in his lifetime . 
 hundreds . 
 but he 'd never been able to kill william . 
 the woman was the key . 
 once he had her , his brother would do whatever he wanted . 
 william 's weakness for the woman would be his downfall . 
 and in the end , geoffrey would kill them both . 
 he could hardly wait . 
 he would make certain that his brother suffered , that he begged for death . 
 * * * * savannah jerked back , staring down at william in horror . 
 she touched her lips , feeling the wet drops of blood , tasting a coppery sweetness . 
 there were two small puncture wounds on his throat . 
 she pushed away from him , stumbling from the bed . 
 what had she done ? 
 what had she done ? 
 savannah - she ignored william 's cry and ran into the bathroom , slamming the door shut behind her . 
 she turned the lock , sagging against the door . 
 she 'd taken his blood . 
 she 'd actually drank from him . 
 william 's fist pounded against the door . 
 `` savannah ! 
 dammit , savannah , open this door ! 
 she walked slowly toward the sink . 
 her fingers gripped the marble top , and she forced herself to lift her head and gaze into the mirror . 
 she expected to see a monster . 
 but she just saw - her eyes . 
 her green eyes . 
 her pale skin . 
 the nose that she 'd always thought was too small . 
 the lips that she 'd always thought were too big . 
 she looked the same as she 'd always looked . 
 but she could still taste william 's blood . 
 she turned on the faucet , catching water in her hand . 
 she had to wash the taste away . 
 she had to ! 
 she sipped the water , swirling it in her mouth , then she spat it into the sink over and over . 
 but still the coppery taste remained . 
 i 'm coming in ! '' 
 there was a loud , splintering crash , and then the bathroom door swung open slowly , the lock smashed . 
 william stood naked on the threshold , his eyes flashing . 
 `` what the hell is going on ? 
 her gaze fell to his neck , to the marks she had left upon him . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm so sorry - his eyes narrowed . 
 he took a step toward her , but he froze when she shrank back against the sink . 
 `` you do n't have anything to be sorry about . 
 you did n't do anything wrong . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i bit you . 
 i took your blood ! '' 
 and she 'd enjoyed it . 
 she 'd reveled in the rush of power that his blood had given her . 
 and that knowledge shamed her . 
 i gave it to you freely , '' he said . 
 her lips trembled . 
 `` i could n't stop , '' she whispered in despair . 
 `` i did n't want to do it , but i could n't stop myself . 
 i had to drink . 
 i had to ! '' 
 she blinked away the tears that gathered in her eyes , refusing to let them fall . 
 william moved slowly toward her . 
 his hands lifted and wrapped around her , pulling her against his body , cradling her . 
 `` sweet savannah . 
 i should have told you ... she stiffened . 
 `` told me what ? 
 he rubbed her back , his hands gentle , soothing . 
 `` for a vampire , physical lust , desire , will stir the blood hunger . 
 it will push your control until the need for release and the need for blood are bound together . 
 she pushed back and stared up at william . 
 `` i did n't mean to hurt you . 
 you did n't hurt me , '' he assured her , his voice urgent . 
 `` you gave me pleasure , more pleasure than i 'd ever thought possible . 
 and then she remembered the feel of his mouth upon her neck , the ecstasy that had coursed through her when william drank from her . 
 you remember now , do n't you ? '' 
 he asked , his gaze watchful . 
 `` the blood connects us , lets us share our pleasure . 
 her brow wrinkled . 
 `` will it be like that when i have to feed from someone else ? 
 william tensed against her . 
 `` no . 
 you 'll only lose control if your physical desire and your blood hunger merge . 
 and since you wo n't be with anyone but me ... his sentence trailed off , but savannah knew what he meant . 
 she 'd promised to be with him forever . 
 he expected her to be loyal to him , to desire only him . 
 and you wo n't be with anyone else , will you , savannah ? '' 
 his eyes flashed red . 
 no . 
 only you , '' she told him softly . 
 and it was true . 
 she could n't imagine wanting anyone else . 
 it was only william . 
 he alone was the one that she desired , the one that she craved . 
 she felt the tension ease from his body . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 she queried , suddenly nervous . 
 `` you wo n't be with anyone else , will you ? '' 
 she repeated , holding her breath and waiting for his answer . 
 he touched her cheek . 
 `` do you really need to ask that ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` you 're the only one for me , savannah . 
 now and forever . 
 warmth spread through her , chasing the chill from her body . 
 he captured her hand and led her back into the bedroom . 
 we need to dress . 
 there is much we must do tonight . 
 she frowned , stepping into her closet . 
 there was a strange urgency to his tone . 
 she pulled on a blue sweater and slipped on an old pair of jeans . 
 by the time she found her shoes and walked back into the bedroom , he was fully dressed . 
 they exited her apartment and headed down the empty hall . 
 she pushed the button for the elevator , waiting nervously for the car to reach her level . 
 with a soft ding , the doors opened and they stepped inside . 
 savannah lifted her hand , intending to push the button for the ground floor . 
 no . '' 
 william 's fingers wrapped around her wrist . 
 `` we 're going to the roof . 
 savannah frowned but obediently pressed the button for the top floor . 
 once there she knew they would have to take a flight of stairs in order to access the roof . 
 she leaned against the mirrored wall of the elevator . 
 she studied him silently . 
 he was wearing all black , again . 
 a black shirt and black pants . 
 even black boots . 
 she did n't think he actually owned any colored clothing . 
 but it did n't matter . 
 he looked good in black . 
 with his dark hair and that scar , he looked dangerous . 
 sexy . 
 she felt desire begin to stir once more , and she was shocked . 
 how could she want him again so soon ? 
 her need for him was becoming uncontrollable . 
 the elevator chimed . 
 she swallowed , `` we 're here , '' she mumbled unnecessarily . 
 william glanced at her , his brows drawn low in obvious concern . 
 she forced a smile and stepped into the hallway . 
 she had to get herself under control . 
 they walked quickly down the hall . 
 savannah showed william the door to the stairwell . 
 the door was locked , but , with a strong jerk of his hand , he busted the lock and swung the door open . 
 they climbed the stairs in silence . 
 why were they going to the roof ? 
 she wondered . 
 he pushed open a door at the top of the stairs , and they walked outside . 
 the night air was warm . 
 stars shone brightly overhead . 
 savannah walked to the edge of the roof and gazed below , wonder filling her . 
 the city was beautiful . 
 alive with a thousand different lights . 
 she stared down , awed by the sight . 
 are you ready ? '' 
 william asked . 
 savannah forced her gaze away from the view and turned to look at him . 
 `` ready for what ? 
 your lessons . 
 lessons ? 
 what did he mean ? 
 how high would you say we are ? '' 
 he asked curiously , moving to stand beside her . 
 fifteen stories , '' she replied as a knot of fear began to form in her stomach . 
 suddenly , the view was n't nearly as appealing as it had been a moment before . 
 he pointed across the street . 
 `` and that building ? 
 how far away is it ? 
 her eyes widened . 
 it was at least fifty feet away . 
 fifty feet ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` yes , i 'd say that looks about right . 
 she flinched , still not used to him reading her thoughts . 
 he walked to the center of the roof . 
 `` this is your first lesson , '' he said . 
 `` a vampire has incredible speed . 
 incredible strength . 
 she nodded . 
 she already knew that . 
 but there are many dark gifts that come with the kiss . 
 many , many gifts . 
 she took a tentative step toward him . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 why did we come up here ? '' 
 there was a ball of tension , of dread , knotting in her stomach . 
 there is much you must learn . 
 much that you must see . 
 what could he possibly want her to see on a deserted rooftop ? 
 they say that seeing is believing , '' he murmured . 
 she frowned , as he smiled at her and began running toward the edge of the roof . 
 her eyes widened in horror . 
 `` no , william ! 
 do n't - '' her hand reached for him , but it was too late . 
 he hurtled over the edge of the roof . 
 no ! 
 chapter 13 vampires and immortality . ' 
 t is madness . 
 only god can live forever . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , december 19 , 1068 before her eyes , he transformed , becoming a large hawk . 
 he flew high into the air , circling above her . 
 then he landed , on top of the roof , over fifty feet away . 
 impossible . 
 not even a vampire could ... he became fog . 
 pale fog that drifted back across the night sky , drifted back to her . 
 william ... '' her voice was a hoarse whisper . 
 how could he - power comes with age , '' william said , rematerializing at her side . 
 `` shapeshifting will become easy for you , in time . 
 she was stunned . 
 `` you mean i 'll be able to do that , to transform ? 
 in time , '' he agreed . 
 `` you 'll learn that as you age , your powers change . 
 there will be no limit to the things that you can do . 
 she glanced back across the street . 
 fifty feet . 
 a hawk . 
 fog . 
 her knees felt weak . 
 `` can geoffrey do this ? 
 the shapeshifting ? '' 
 was that hoarse croak really her voice ? 
 yes . 
 that made him even more dangerous . 
 but he wo n't do it often , '' william continued softly , watching her carefully . 
 `` shifting weakens a vampire 's power . 
 it takes a lot of strength to maintain the shape . 
 she stared at him intently , and then she straightened her shoulders and took a deep breath . 
 `` teach me . '' 
 she had to learn as much as she could , so that she would be ready for her next encounter with geoffrey . 
 he took her hand and they walked to the center of the roof . 
 `` hold onto me . 
 do n't let go , no matter what happens . 
 she nodded . 
 i want you to focus on the roof across the street . 
 think about reaching that roof , landing on its surface . 
 her eyes widened as she realized his intent . 
 `` you ca n't mean that we 're going to - do n't look down . '' 
 a slight smile curved his lips . 
 `` just pretend that you 're doing a long jump . 
 but she 'd never done a long jump . 
 she 'd never done track or any sort of running activity . 
 his fingers tightened around hers . 
 `` ready ? 
 she took a deep breath . 
 she could do this . 
 she would do this . 
 `` ready . 
 then let 's go . 
 they began running , as fast as they could . 
 they were almost at the edge of the roof . 
 savannah concentrated on the building in front of her . 
 their feet left the edge of the roof . 
 she would n't look down . 
 she would n't ! 
 she kept moving her legs , but she felt nothing but air beneath her . 
 she tightened her fingers around william . 
 she would n't look down . 
 she stared at the building before her . 
 it was close now . 
 so close . 
 she would make it . 
 she would . 
 there ! 
 her feet slammed down on the roof . 
 she stumbled forward , but managed to catch herself before she fell . 
 oh , my god ! '' 
 she turned back , staring at her apartment building in shock . 
 `` i did it ! 
 i actually did it ! 
 william smiled . 
 she ran to the edge of the roof . 
 `` fifty feet . '' 
 she exhaled heavily . 
 `` we just flew fifty feet . 
 and how did it feel ? 
 wonderful . '' 
 she was dazed , overwhelmed with wonder . 
 `` absolutely wonderful . '' 
 she laughed softly . 
 `` you know , i 've always had a horrible fear of heights . 
 he frowned , his brows lowering . 
 `` you never told me that . 
 well , it 's not exactly something i like to brag about . '' 
 she stared below , amazed that she could actually look down and not feel the vertigo that she usually experienced . 
 but you came to my home , to my mountain , and you showed no fear . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i had to see you . 
 there was n't any choice . '' 
 but she had been terrified . 
 as she 'd driven up the mountain , she 'd refused to look over the side of the road , refused to even glance at the breathtaking view . 
 she had n't wanted to look down , fearing that terror would overwhelm her . 
 so she 'd driven , her eyes locked on the road in front of her . 
 she 'd forced herself to ignore the height , to ignore the increasing pressure in her ears . 
 and she 'd made it up that damn mountain . 
 and , now , staring down at the street below , she realized that her fear was gone . 
 it 's your turn now , '' william said softly , touching her back . 
 her hands trembled . 
 `` m-my turn ? 
 go back to your apartment . 
 do it on your own . 
 she glanced at him , her eyes wide . 
 `` but what if i fall ? 
 you wo n't . '' 
 he sounded extremely confident . 
 savannah wished she had his confidence . 
 she looked back across the wide expanse . 
 flying with william was one thing . 
 flying on her own-well , that was a whole different matter . 
 `` it 's eleven floors , william . 
 if i fall - you 'll wind up with some bad bruises , '' he said with a small shrug . 
 bruises ? 
 i could wind up with a lot more than just bruises ! '' 
 she 'd probably break her neck . 
 stop thinking like a human , '' he said , his voice suddenly harsh . 
 but - thinking that way will get you killed . 
 do n't think of what you were . 
 think of what you are . 
 you can do this , savannah . 
 you just did it with me , and you can do it by yourself . 
 he was right . 
 a fall would n't kill a vampire . 
 she 'd survive , even if she fell eleven stories . 
 you wo n't fall , '' he said again , easily reading her . 
 `` and even if you did , i 'd catch you long before you reached the ground . 
 he 'd better not be lying , because if he did n't catch her-well , he 'd have hell to pay . 
 `` okay . '' 
 she straightened her shoulders . 
 `` i 'll do it . '' 
 and she would . 
 she took several steps back , wanting a running start . 
 her gaze stayed locked on her apartment building . 
 she took a quick breath and ran . 
 her feet pounded across the roof . 
 faster . 
 faster . 
 she could see the edge now . 
 there ! 
 she shot into the sky , her body flying straight toward the waiting rooftop . 
 wind whipped against her body . 
 her feet kicked the air . 
 she did n't look down . 
 the edge of her roof was so close , so close - she landed on the rooftop , slipping to her knees . 
 savannah laughed , thrilled with pleasure . 
 she moved to stand , but her legs wobbled , sending her sliding back down . 
 savannah ? '' 
 william was beside her in an instant . 
 it 's okay . '' 
 she pushed her hair back with a trembling hand . 
 `` my knees are just a little weak . 
 he supported her with his arm as he helped her to her feet . 
 she wanted to lean into him , into the shelter of his arms . 
 instead , she took a bracing breath and stepped away from him . 
 they did n't have much time , and she could n't afford to be weak . 
 she squared her shoulders and asked , `` what 's next ? 
 he stepped to the edge of the roof . 
 `` next , we hunt ... * * * * they walked silently down the dark street . 
 it was after two a.m. , and the road was completely deserted . 
 where are we going ? '' 
 savannah asked . 
 she 'd lived in seattle all of her life , but william had taken her down a myriad of twisting , turning streets . 
 she actually had no idea where she was at that moment . 
 do you hear the music ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 she frowned . 
 yes , she did hear music . 
 a faint , pounding beat that drifted on the wind . 
 she 'd been vaguely aware of it for the last few blocks . 
 we 're following it , '' william told her . 
 `` it will lead us to your next lesson . 
 she swallowed and glanced up at the night sky . 
 a quarter moon hung heavily amidst the shining stars . 
 `` i thought you said there 'd only be a need to feed when the moon was full . '' 
 and , besides , she 'd already drank from him . 
 the thought caused a remembered shiver to skate down her spine . 
 you 're not going to drink . 
 then why were they following music that would undoubtedly lead them to a club filled with people ? 
 a place that was undoubtedly like jake 's ? 
 because you must learn to lure your prey to you . 
 his voice drifted through her mind . 
 you must learn to use your psychic gifts to enthrall , to control . 
 she shook her head instinctively , then froze . 
 as much as she rebelled against the idea of controlling another person , he was right . 
 if she intended to survive , she would have to learn to use all of her powers . 
 she marshaled her thoughts and concentrated on william . 
 i 'll learn , but i wo n't hurt anyone . 
 she wanted to be clear on that point . 
 she felt his start of surprise as he received her mental message . 
 then his mind seemed to reach for hers , surrounding her . 
 good . 
 very good , savannah . 
 warmth swept through her . 
 i 've always been a fast learner . 
 she felt , rather than heard , his soft ripple of laughter . 
 good . 
 you 'll need to be . 
 they walked quietly for a time . 
 the music became louder . 
 she could hear voices now , laughter . 
 she could smell the people inside the bar . 
 smell the alcohol and the cheap perfume . 
 the cigarettes and the sex . 
 they walked around a corner , and she froze . 
 the bar was as she 'd expected-small , dark , and full of people . 
 a flashing neon sign indicated the place was `` the black pit . '' 
 judging by its rough exterior , savannah thought the name was fitting . 
 there was an assortment of vehicles in the small parking lot . 
 suvs , pickup trucks , even motorcycles . 
 several of the bar 's patrons had stumbled outside . 
 one man had even passed out on the side of the building . 
 savannah studied him with deep consideration . 
 william looked at her , his gaze hooded . 
 `` far too easy . 
 you 'll have to pick someone who is still conscious . 
 she wrinkled her nose and then stepped forward , marching into the bar with a confidence that she really did n't feel . 
 she was conscious of william following a few paces back . 
 a bouncer stood at the entrance , his beefy arms crossed over a barrel-like chest . 
 his left eyebrow lifted at savannah 's approach . 
 hello , little lady . '' 
 his gaze roamed over her body , lingering on her br ** sts . 
 anger swept through her . 
 she stared at him , fixing her gaze upon him . 
 concentrate , savannah . 
 focus on him . 
 william 's soft orders slipped into her mind . 
 the bouncer 's gaze lifted to meet her dark stare . 
 he blinked , once , twice , and then his jaw seemed to go slack . 
 open the door for me , '' savannah said softly , clenching her hands to disguise their trembling . 
 he hurried to obey , nearly tripping in his haste . 
 she took a deep breath , exhaling slowly . 
 that had certainly been easy enough . 
 it wo n't always be . 
 the stronger the mind , the harder it is to control . 
 william followed her silently . 
 i do n't like this ! 
 i do n't like controlling someone else 's thoughts ! 
 you do n't have to like it . 
 you just have to do it . 
 william was implacable . 
 there was a small dance floor in the middle of the room . 
 a band played a loud , pounding rhythm on a stage encased in a wire fence . 
 savannah walked toward the bar . 
 it was crowded but she saw two empty stools . 
 she eased down onto the first stool , silently surveying the bar . 
 who could she pick ? 
 who would satisfy william ? 
 what can i get for you ? 
 she spun around . 
 the bartender , a woman with streaked blond hair and a tattoo of a snake around her neck , looked inquiringly at her . 
 savannah really did n't want anything , and she was n't sure that she would be able to keep it down if she actually had to drink , but she did n't want to attract any unwanted attention . 
 `` uh ... i 'll take a. . . '' 
 inspiration struck . 
 `` a bloody mary . 
 yes , that please . 
 william laughed softly . 
 and you ? '' 
 the bartender leaned across the bar , pushing her br ** sts forward suggestively . 
 `` what would you like ? '' 
 her voice indicated that not just alcohol was available . 
 savannah glared at her . 
 how dare that woman try to come on to william ? 
 could n't she see that he was with her ? 
 she cleared her throat , loudly . 
 the woman looked at her , annoyance flashing across her pinched face . 
 what ? 
 savannah 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` he 's with me . 
 the woman blinked , once , twice . 
 she shook her head and stepped back . 
 `` right . 
 sorry . '' 
 she hurried to get savannah 's drink . 
 savannah watched her with unflinching eyes . 
 a few moments later , the bartender placed savannah 's drink in front of her with careful hands . 
 `` i-is there anything else you need ? 
 no . '' 
 savannah turned her back on the woman and surveyed the crowd . 
 was that really necessary ? 
 her shoulders tensed . 
 she sipped her drink . 
 what do you mean ? 
 she had n't done anything to the woman . 
 she 'd just told her to stay away from william . 
 you used compulsion on her . 
 she gasped . 
 i most certainly did not ! 
 and she had n't , had she ? 
 she 'd just told the annoying woman to leave william alone . 
 it was in your voice . 
 the tone , the pitch . 
 savannah 's face whitened . 
 she truly had n't meant-her fingers locked around the cool glass . 
 just be careful . 
 william cautioned her softly . 
 control your power , do n't let it control you . 
 she nodded . 
 she would make certain that she used more care . 
 her gaze traveled slowly around the room . 
 her foot began to tap in rhythm with the music . 
 so what am i supposed to do , exactly ? 
 she knew that coming to the bar was some sort of test for her , but she just did n't understand fully what william wanted her to do . 
 you see that woman , the one in the black leather jacket leaning against the end of the bar ? 
 savannah turned her head a bit and caught a glimpse of the woman . 
 she nodded her head slightly . 
 read her mind . 
 what ? 
 focus on her . 
 see if you can hear her thoughts . 
 you have to be able to read the minds of humans . 
 if not , then you may find yourself in serious danger . 
 do n't forget , some humans know of the existence of vampires . 
 some humans hunt us . 
 you must be able to scan the minds of those around you . 
 you must know if they intend you harm . 
 she nibbled her lip . 
 she did n't like the idea of invading someone else 's mind . 
 it was too personal , too intimate an act . 
 do it , savannah . 
 no . 
 she could n't do it . 
 she could n't pry into someone else 's mind , steal thoughts and dreams . 
 she could n't , would n't , do it . 
 she stood abruptly and headed for the dance floor . 
 savannah ! 
 she ignored his call and continued walking . 
 a man with short blond hair and a thin moustache hurried to greet her . 
 hey , there , pretty thing ! 
 you wan na dance ? '' 
 she could smell the alcohol on his breath , see it in the glazed expression of his eyes . 
 she thought about refusing , was in fact opening her mouth to do so , when she heard william 's imperious command . 
 leave him alone . 
 come back to me ! 
 she lifted her chin and smiled at her would-be partner . 
 `` i 'd love to dance , '' she purred softly . 
 his eyes widened and he immediately pulled her onto the dance floor . 
 the band began to play a softer , lighter tune , and her partner pulled her close , sliding his hands down her back . 
 savannah pushed lightly against his chest , wanting to put more distance between them . 
 `` ah , look , buddy - his gaze was locked on her lips . 
 `` bill . 
 name 's bill . '' 
 his hands slid down to her hips . 
 this was n't what she intended . 
 she 'd only wanted to get away from william for a moment , just a moment , so that she could think - he 'd sure love to lay her down , strip the clothes from her hot little body , and - savannah gasped and shoved against bill , sending him stumbling back . 
 she knew the thoughts were his . 
 she could actually feel the waves of his lust pounding against her . 
 what the hell ? '' 
 bill glared at her and took a step forward , his hands clenched into tight fists . 
 do n't come near me , '' she ordered , her eyes flashing . 
 bill froze . 
 she lowered her voice , trying for the pitch she 'd used earlier with the bartender . 
 `` leave this bar , take a cab , and go home . 
 and do n't ever come near me again . 
 he blinked and then stepped widely around her . 
 he walked straight toward the bar 's entrance . 
 savannah watched him like a hawk , anger still pouring through her veins . 
 problem ? '' 
 william asked softly , appearing at her side . 
 can we leave ? '' 
 she asked , her voice a whisper . 
 it was too much for her . 
 the people . 
 the noise . 
 the smells . 
 she just wanted to get outside . 
 to get away . 
 she had to get away . 
 she did n't wait for william to answer . 
 she ran for the door . 
 she shoved the door open and stumbled outside , breathing heavily . 
 the bouncer looked at her , frowning . 
 savannah ran . 
 as fast as she could . 
 she did n't care where she was going . 
 she just knew that she had to get away . 
 her feet pounded against the pavement . 
 buildings and trees passed by her in a sickening blur . 
 faster . 
 faster . 
 the sounds chased her . 
 the smells . 
 the voices . 
 she wanted to scream . 
 to just make it all stop . 
 she ran into a park , dashing down an old trail . 
 she pushed bushes and trees out of her way and dodged fallen limbs , stumbling to a halt in front of a small pond . 
 she stood there a moment , gasping for breath . 
 then she fell to her knees , staring blankly into the dark water . 
 what had she done ? 
 what had she become ? 
 you have n't changed , '' his voice seemed to whisper to her from the darkness . 
 `` you 're the same person that you always were . 
 he 'd found her . 
 she 'd known that he would . 
 her gaze stayed locked on the water . 
 `` no , i 'm not . 
 he sat down beside her , and she could feel the force of his gaze upon her . 
 she knew he was waiting for her to tell him why she 'd run . 
 the surface of the water looked so calm , so clear . 
 but what secrets lay beneath its surface ? 
 she closed her eyes for a moment . 
 `` i do n't think i can do this . '' 
 her eyes opened , staring fixedly at the water . 
 she felt him stiffen beside her . 
 `` you can do this . 
 i would n't have transformed you if i 'd thought you were n't strong enough . 
 but she was n't strong . 
 she 'd never been strong . 
 mark had been the strong one . 
 savannah . '' 
 his voice was soft , compelling . 
 `` look at me . 
 she turned her head slowly toward him . 
 you are the strongest person that i 've ever met . 
 you 've lived through disease , through tragedy and death , and you 've kept going . 
 she shook her head . 
 he did n't understand . 
 she 'd just done what she 'd had to do . 
 no . '' 
 he was emphatic . 
 `` you 're the one who does n't understand . 
 you do n't see yourself as the woman you really are . 
 you tracked me down . 
 you found me , when i 'd been hiding for centuries . '' 
 a small smile flashed briefly . 
 `` and you blackmailed me . 
 knowing that i was a vampire , with enormous power and strength , you actually blackmailed me . 
 she flushed . 
 had she really threatened to go to the press with his story ? 
 his smile faded . 
 `` and you faced geoffrey . 
 alone , unarmed . 
 you tried to defeat a vampire with a thousand years ' worth of power . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` and you say that you 're not strong ? 
 he did n't understand . 
 `` i had to fight him . 
 he was going to hurt mary ! '' 
 she had n't attacked geoffrey because she was strong . 
 she 'd done it to protect her friend . 
 you could have died protecting your friend ! 
 you were willing to trade your life for hers . 
 do n't you realize how much courage that took ? 
 she swallowed . 
 she had n't felt courageous at the time . 
 she 'd felt terrified . 
 but you did n't let your fear stop you . 
 you faced geoffrey anyway . 
 and when you fight , even when you 're consumed by fear , that , sweet savannah , is strength . 
 she stilled . 
 she wanted to believe him , but - it 's not about believing me . 
 it 's about believing in yourself . 
 he was right . 
 she turned back to the pond . 
 she had to believe in herself . 
 to believe in her own strength . 
 she 'd cheated death . 
 she 'd fought a vampire and survived . 
 and she would have vengeance for her brother . 
 how long ... '' she stopped , cleared her throat , and then asked , `` how long did it take to you to adjust to being a vampire ? 
 he laughed . 
 `` ah , savannah . 
 i 'm still adjusting . 
 she smiled . 
 she picked up a stone and tossed it into the water . 
 a small ripple appeared on the clear surface . 
 `` i did n't want to read anyone 's thoughts . 
 it seemed too personal . 
 too much of an invasion . '' 
 her lips compressed . 
 `` but then i did it anyway , without meaning to . 
 to the man you were dancing with ? '' 
 there was a slight edge to his voice . 
 yes . 
 he was imaging t-taking off my clothes and - bastard . '' 
 she could hear the rage in his voice , feel it in the suddenly tense atmosphere . 
 when i knew what he wanted , i - '' she took a deep breath . 
 `` i was furious . 
 and i was so afraid that i would lose control and hurt him . 
 an understandable response . '' 
 william said , flexing his fingers into a tight fist . 
 `` i think the fellow deserved a bit of pain . 
 i used a compulsion on him , '' she whispered , staring at the faint ripples still evident in the water . 
 `` i told him to leave and to never come near me again . 
 hmmm . 
 seems he got off lightly . 
 she clenched her teeth . 
 `` i did n't want to know what he was thinking . 
 i wish that i 'd never heard his thoughts . 
 i do n't want to know what anyone is thinking . 
 it 's too much ! '' 
 she could n't stand the idea of being bombarded with images of other people 's thoughts , their fantasies . 
 his hands touched her shoulders , caressing her lightly . 
 `` i can teach you to control it . 
 you can learn to block them out . 
 i thought i knew how to block out the sounds , but when i was in the bar , i lost control . 
 the sounds were too much . 
 the smells too much . 
 everything was too damn much ! '' 
 she 'd been afraid that she 'd shatter from the pressure on her sensitive mind . 
 he pulled her against his chest , stroking her hair with a gentle hand . 
 `` you 've had a hell of an evening , have n't you ? 
 she nodded , enjoying the feel of his arms around her . 
 `` will it get better ? '' 
 she asked him softly . 
 he kissed her temple . 
 `` yes . 
 every day it will get easier . 
 you 'll grow stronger . 
 i do n't want to read people 's minds . '' 
 she sounded like a petulant child , but she did n't care . 
 she could n't do it . 
 she could n't force her way into the minds of strangers . 
 then i 'll teach you how to block their thoughts . 
 i 'll teach you how to shield your mind . 
 she pushed herself back , staring into his eyes . 
 `` thank you , william . 
 he frowned . 
 `` for what ? 
 for helping me . 
 he stared into her eyes . 
 his head lowered , and she lifted her face toward him , eager to feel his lips against hers . 
 instead , she felt a shiver run the length of her spine . 
 a cold wind seemed to blow straight through her . 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` william ? 
 he pulled back , his face hard . 
 `` let 's go , savannah . 
 now . '' 
 he stood , pulling her to her feet . 
 but i do n't understand - she heard the sound of a soft laugh . 
 a man 's laugh . 
 william began to run , pulling her behind him . 
 and then she heard the whisper , floating on the wind . 
 savannah . 
 she could feel him then , feel the darkness of his presence reaching out to her , calling her . 
 geoffrey . 
 but how ? 
 william had said that he 'd gone to ground , that he was recovering from his injuries . 
 had he healed already ? 
 he 's close . 
 very close . 
 william 's voice , strong and clear in her mind . 
 how has he already recovered ? 
 his strength was amazing . 
 and terrifying . 
 william led her down a dark street , pulling her at a frantic pace . 
 he has n't recovered , not fully . 
 then how - his resting place is near . 
 he can sense us . 
 she jerked to a stop . 
 `` he 's near ? '' 
 if geoffrey was close by , and he was weak ... then they could defeat him . 
 `` why are we running ? 
 we have to find him . 
 now 's our chance ! 
 we can - william turned to face her , and his hard expression could have been cut from stone . 
 another shiver slid through her . 
 we 're not running from him . 
 then who were they running from ? 
 do n't you feel it ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 `` ca n't you feel what 's coming ? 
 a shudder ran though her . 
 she felt something , but - she saw a faint tremor run through his body . 
 her eyes widened . 
 what was happening ? 
 the sun 's coming . 
 dawn is almost upon us . 
 we run from the light , not from geoffrey . '' 
 he lifted his hand , and she saw that it shook . 
 `` our bodies warn us of the approaching light . 
 listen to your body , and always heed its warning . '' 
 he pulled her hand . 
 `` now , come on , we have n't much time . 
 they ran , their hearts pounding and their limbs trembling . 
 how far away was the apartment ? 
 how long before the sun - william grabbed her , hugging her tightly against his chest , and he took to the sky . 
 they soared , flying over buildings and rooftops , and in mere minutes , they were on the roof of her apartment . 
 they ran inside the building just as the sun began to rise . 
 they hurried into her apartment . 
 with a wave of his hand , william sent the blinds sliding down and secured the curtains . 
 not a trace of sunlight crept inside her home . 
 they were safe . 
 william took her into his arms and pulled her onto the bed . 
 a strange lethargy was already sweeping over her . 
 her body felt heavy , almost as if it were weighted down . 
 and her heartbeat was slowing , slowing ... william ? '' 
 she was afraid . 
 she could n't seem to take a deep breath . 
 and her heart , her heart - shhh . '' 
 his arms were tight around her . 
 `` do n't fight it . 
 just relax . 
 i-i 'm scared , '' she whispered and then her heart stopped beating . 
 chapter 14 today , father asked me if i was afraid to die . 
 i have heard him ask that question to hundreds of men , right before he killed them . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , december 21 , 1068 his strength was returning . 
 geoffrey stretched slowly , feeling power course through him . 
 he needed to feed . 
 blood would restore him to full strength . 
 it was a pity that dear savannah was n't around . 
 he would certainly enjoy draining her white throat dry . 
 sensing her the previous night had been an unexpected pleasure . 
 he 'd felt her strong mind seeking in the night . 
 and so he 'd had to play with her , just a little . 
 trust william to spoil his fun . 
 his elder brother always tried to stop his games . 
 but this time , william was n't going to stop him . 
 this time , william would be defeated . 
 destroyed . 
 he would die , as he should have died centuries ago . 
 geoffrey had planned his brother 's death , down to the minutest of details . 
 he had the perfect place in mind for his brother 's murder . 
 absolutely perfect . 
 it was a place of life , of hope . 
 of blood and destruction . 
 he smiled , preparing to rise and feed . 
 it was time that he and his brother went home . 
 * * * * she opened her eyes and found william staring down at her , his gaze intense . 
 she blinked and took a deep breath . 
 energy hummed through her body . 
 energy ... and strength . 
 she remembered the fear that had swept through her last night . 
 her hand lifted and she touched her chest . 
 she could feel the movement of her heart . 
 slow , steady . 
 will it always be like that ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 william nodded . 
 `` but you 'll get used to it . 
 would she ? 
 would she really get used to feeling her heart stop beating ? 
 well , it was n't as if she really had a choice . 
 he touched her cheek . 
 `` it will get easier , savannah . 
 believe me . 
 soon it will seem to be natural . 
 just like your human sleep . 
 she certainly prayed that he was right . 
 she glanced toward the now raised curtain and blinds . 
 night had fallen . 
 it was time for her to hunt . 
 to hunt geoffrey . 
 she shifted , preparing to rise , but william 's hands locked around her , holding her captive . 
 she frowned . 
 `` william ? 
 what is it ? 
 his gaze searched her face . 
 she noticed that his jaw was clenched , his scar standing out starkly against his skin . 
 i want us to go back to north carolina . 
 what ? 
 why ? '' 
 they were so close to their goal . 
 they knew where geoffrey was . 
 they 'd been so close to his resting place last night . 
 now was the time to attack , not to run . 
 you 're not strong enough to do this , to face him . '' 
 his tone was rough . 
 `` you need to wait until - until he kills someone else ? 
 until he slaughters someone else 's brother ? 
 someone else 's wife ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no , i ca n't do it . 
 i ca n't wait any longer . 
 he has to be stopped . 
 then let me do it . 
 let me stop him . 
 go back to my home and let me take care of geoffrey . '' 
 his eyes blazed down at her . 
 oh , i get it . 
 i 'm supposed to be the little woman who stands back and lets you take care of the big , bad monster , right ? '' 
 anger flushed her cheeks and flattened her speech . 
 `` i 'm supposed to stand back and let you do all the work , right ? 
 right ? 
 a muscle flexed in his jaw . 
 wrong ! '' 
 she snapped , struggling against his hold . 
 she could n't believe that he would even suggest such a thing . 
 to think that she would just stand back , just sit quietly , while he went after geoffrey . 
 `` you promised me , william ! 
 you promised me that i would have my vengeance ! 
 he pressed her into the bed cushions , controlling her when she struggled for her freedom . 
 `` dammit , savannah ! 
 he 's my brother ! 
 and he killed mine ! '' 
 she bucked against him , kicking and scratching with all of her might . 
 william froze , his fingers locked around her wrists . 
 blood trickled from a deep cut on his cheek . 
 his eyes flashed red , then black . 
 `` i do n't want him to hurt you , '' he said , his voice soft and deep . 
 he 's not going to hurt me , '' she promised , locking her gaze with his . 
 `` he 's not going to hurt anyone else . 
 we 're going to stop him ! 
 his fingers stroked her delicate skin . 
 her pulse pounded furiously beneath his touch . 
 `` you 're still weak from the change . 
 you need more time to recover , to learn about your powers . 
 come with me to the mountains - she could hear the plea in his words , could hear the soft entreaty . 
 but she could not give in . 
 `` i 'm going after him . 
 with , or without you . '' 
 she would n't let another innocent person 's blood be on her hands . 
 she had to stop him . 
 the blood is n't on your hands , '' he told her softly . 
 `` it 's on mine . 
 it 's always been on mine . '' 
 he released her and stood , gazing down at her with swirling eyes . 
 she sat up slowly , pushing her hair back with a quick hand . 
 william gazed at her , but she could tell he saw only the past . 
 `` i should have killed him when i had the chance . 
 she reached for his hand . 
 her fingers locked with his . 
 `` tell me , william . 
 tell me what happened . 
 william exhaled heavily , and the shadows of his past swept into the room . 
 `` henry was dead , but i could n't just leave him there . 
 i could n't let those bastards desecrate his body . 
 so i took him down through the tunnels beneath my father 's fortress ... he could still see it so clearly . 
 so clearly . 
 the tunnels were dank , dark . 
 the odor of death and decay hung in the air . 
 henry 's body was a slight weight against his shoulder , but the grief he felt was overwhelming . 
 he 'd been too late . 
 too late to save henry , too late to save the brother he 'd always tried so hard to protect . 
 he did n't know how long he walked through the tunnels . 
 the passageway narrowed , until he had to turn sideways and pull henry behind him . 
 then the passage widened again , and he continued this trek , lifting his brother 's broken body high into his arms . 
 his great-grandfather had first found the passages . 
 they were a family secret , to be used in an emergency . 
 the winding passages led to the cliffs on the northern end of his family 's land . 
 he 'd visited the cliffs often as a child . 
 henry had followed him , a quiet , steady shadow . 
 one day they 'd discovered a cave nestled in the cliffs . 
 it was small , probably not more than fifteen feet deep . 
 they had spent countless days in that cave , talking and planning . 
 it had been their secret place . 
 their refuge from their father 's rage . 
 the cave would now be his brother 's final resting place . 
 henry would be safe in the cave . 
 no one would find him . 
 he could rest there , for eternity . 
 the passage shifted , beginning to curve upward . 
 william could smell the sea , almost feel the cool touch of the water against his face . 
 he walked out into the waiting night . 
 something slammed into him , sending him crashing to his knees . 
 he struggled to hold onto henry . 
 get up ! 
 rise , you bastard ! 
 william felt the tip of a blade press against his throat . 
 he moved slowly , easing henry 's body to the ground . 
 the blade pressed deeper , drawing blood . 
 william 's gums began to burn , his teeth began to grow . 
 he rose slowly , his gaze lifting to meet the burning red stare of the man before him . 
 his brother geoffrey smiled at him , revealing gleaming fangs . 
 `` surprised , brother ? 
 did you think you were the only one worthy of the dark gift ? 
 horror rolled through william . 
 `` geoffrey ! 
 dear god , what have you done ? '' 
 he could still see his father 's body , see the blood that stained the ground . 
 geoffrey 's eyes narrowed and the blade bit deeper into william 's throat . 
 `` what have i done ? 
 i have fulfilled my destiny . 
 i have taken the power that i was always meant to have ! '' 
 his gaze fell to henry 's still body . 
 `` the question , brother , is what have you done ? 
 william blanched . 
 `` i tried to save him , i tried , but i was too late . 
 he was already - henry was the only one i cared about , '' geoffrey said softly . 
 `` my true brother . 
 my blood . 
 he was my brother , too ! 
 i tried to save him ! '' 
 he 'd done everything he could to save henry . 
 you killed him , '' geoffrey raged . 
 `` you killed henry ! 
 william wanted to deny the words . 
 he 'd tried so hard to save henry . 
 he 'd sought out the vampire . 
 he 'd taken the dark gift . 
 he 'd done everything , but ... henry was dead . 
 you were never the strong one , despite what father thought . '' 
 geoffrey 's lip curved into a snarl . 
 `` i should have been sent first . 
 if father had sent me , henry would be alive now ! 
 a dark suspicion grew in william as he stared into his brother 's hate-filled gaze . 
 `` did you know what father was doing to henry ? 
 geoffrey did n't answer him . 
 did you know that father was torturing him ? '' 
 william roared , impervious to the feel of steel cutting into his throat . 
 i knew what the bastard was doing . 
 i always knew . 
 geoffrey and his father had been alike in so many ways . 
 they shared the same dark lust for power , for blood . 
 william 's gaze fell as he stared at the sword before him . 
 it was guy 's sword . 
 `` you killed father , did n't you ? 
 of course , i killed him . 
 i should have killed the bastard long ago ! 
 i was never good enough for him . 
 never strong enough . 
 not like his precious william ! '' 
 geoffrey spat . 
 `` he always thought you were so strong . 
 ` his only real son ! ' '' 
 he quoted with a look of disgust . 
 geoffrey - his brother did n't appear to even hear him . 
 `` i should have been the firstborn son , the favored one , not you ! 
 i was the one meant for greatness . 
 not you ! 
 william slowly moved his right hand toward the hilt of his sword . 
 you should have died long ago . '' 
 geoffrey 's face was a mask of rage . 
 `` you should have died in that cursed river . 
 then i would have been the next de montfort . 
 i would have been the next leader ! 
 you should have died in that cursed river . 
 a chill swept through william . 
 he remembered that day . 
 the water had felt like ice . 
 he 'd struggled , fighting desperately to stay afloat . 
 he 'd screamed for help , he 'd begged geoffrey to help him . 
 he 'd always thought that geoffrey had gone to get his father 's soldiers . 
 that geoffrey had tried to save him . 
 but his brother had just wanted to kill him . 
 william 's fingers locked around his sword hilt . 
 you did not die then , '' geoffrey said . 
 `` but you will die now ! 
 william drew his sword in a silent , deadly rush . 
 their swords hit with a jarring impact . 
 do not be too certain of that , brother ! 
 he 'd spent his entire life training for battle . 
 since he 'd been given the dark kiss , william was even stronger , more powerful . 
 but geoffrey was a perfect match for him . 
 blade sang against blade as the weapons clashed . 
 they had trained together , from the moment they were old enough to walk onto the field of battle . 
 they had learned , side-by-side , the ways to strike , to attack , to kill . 
 now , they fought each other . 
 geoffrey 's sword slashed down , catching william along his arm . 
 blood poured , soaking his garments . 
 geoffrey laughed , his eyes alight with the thrill of battle . 
 `` do you know what the peasants call me , brother ? 
 do you ? 
 william had heard the talk . 
 the whispers . 
 he swung his sword , blocking geoffrey 's attack . 
 his brother was a strong fighter , a dirty fighter . 
 he could not afford to let his guard down . 
 you may be the dark one to them , '' geoffrey said , grunting as he dodged william 's sword , `` but i am the one they truly fear . 
 i am called the butcher ! 
 geoffrey 's weapon flashed toward william 's chest . 
 william swung , blocking the blade a second before it would have plunged into his heart . 
 geoffrey twisted , lunging up with a knife that he 'd concealed in his left hand . 
 the knife sank into william 's shoulder . 
 william groaned as agony lanced through him . 
 i am called the butcher because i do not just kill my enemies . '' 
 geoffrey laughed , the sound maniacal . 
 `` i slaughter them . 
 as i will slaughter you ! 
 not ... if ... i ... kill ... you ... first ... '' william lunged , swinging his broadsword with all his strength . 
 metal screamed as his brother 's sword broke beneath the force of his blade . 
 geoffrey fell to the ground , stunned by william 's strength . 
 william grunted , pulling the knife from his shoulder . 
 he stared at the bloody blade and then looked down at geoffrey . 
 geoffrey moved , crouching , waiting for the perfect moment to strike . 
 william dropped his sword and gripped the knife . 
 he lunged for his brother . 
 geoffrey met him head on . 
 william slammed his fist into geoffrey 's jaw . 
 geoffrey stumbled back , and then he turned , lashing out with his booted foot . 
 william jumped to the side , narrowly avoiding his brother 's attack . 
 his fingers were slick with blood as they gripped the knife . 
 you can not kill me , '' geoffrey snapped . 
 `` you 're not strong enough ! 
 william threw the knife . 
 it sank , hilt deep , into his brother 's chest . 
 geoffrey stared at him , stunned . 
 then he fell to the ground . 
 william stared at geoffrey 's prone body . 
 he knew geoffrey was n't dead . 
 he could n't be . 
 it would take more than a steel blade to kill one such as him . 
 geoffrey began to laugh . 
 rich , deep laughter spilled from his throat even as his blood spilled onto the ground . 
 william took a step toward his brother . 
 one , then another . 
 he moved cautiously , knowing that geoffrey could attack at any moment . 
 he stared down at geoffrey . 
 moonlight spilled down upon his brother 's visage . 
 blood trickled from his mouth . 
 it will take more ... than this ... to kill me . '' 
 geoffrey 's lips twisted into his familiar mocking smile . 
 william reached down and pulled the knife from his chest . 
 `` i know . '' 
 he swallowed . 
 he did n't have a wooden stake . 
 that left only one other way to kill a vampire . 
 geoffrey 's smile faded as he read william 's intent . 
 `` you can not - '' he coughed , choking on his blood . 
 i will do what i must . '' 
 william 's hands shook as he thought of the grim task before him . 
 i ... am ... the butcher ... not you . 
 william closed his eyes . 
 could he do it ? 
 could he kill his own brother ? 
 geoffrey seemed to sense his thoughts . 
 `` you ... killed ... henry . 
 are ... you ... going ... to kill ... me ... as ... well ? 
 william 's eyes flashed open and he stared down at geoffrey 's prone figure . 
 for an instant , a shattering second , he saw henry 's face . 
 henry 's bright blue eyes staring back at him . 
 he could see henry 's sadness . 
 see the plea on his brother 's face . 
 and he hesitated . 
 geoffrey attacked . 
 he shot to his feet in a blur of speed . 
 he ripped the knife from his chest and plunged it into william 's heart . 
 william felt the cold touch of death upon his cheek . 
 geoffrey touched him lightly with a bloodstained finger . 
 `` tell me , brother , '' he whispered , leaning close to stare into william 's eyes . 
 `` are you afraid to die ? 
 william 's body fell to the ground . 
 * * * * william shook his head slowly , trying to shake off the weight of his past . 
 `` the sun started to rise then . 
 he left me , knowing that i 'd die when the sunlight touched my body . 
 he laughed , and he left me there . 
 he left me there to die . 
 how did you survive ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 william glanced at savannah . 
 she 'd sat quietly while he spoke . 
 her legs were curled beneath her , and her hands were linked tightly together . 
 she looked so beautiful . 
 so good . 
 he did n't deserve her . 
 william ? '' 
 her brows furrowed . 
 `` is something wrong ? 
 he swallowed and forced himself to look away from the understanding and concern he could see so clearly in her emerald eyes . 
 `` no , '' he stopped , cleared his throat and repeated . 
 `` no , nothing 's wrong . 
 how did you survive ? '' 
 she asked again . 
 he could feel her gaze upon him , its weight like a physical touch upon his skin . 
 i did n't have much strength . 
 i 'd lost too much blood . 
 but i knew that i could n't just stay there . 
 that i could n't wait for the sun to rise and finish me . '' 
 no , he had n't been able to just lie there and wait for death . 
 he 'd known that he had to survive . 
 he 'd known that he had to stop geoffrey . 
 the cave was close . 
 i knew if i could just get in the cave , i would be safe . 
 i would be able to rest until sunset . 
 i managed to get to my feet , and i grabbed henry 's arms . 
 i pulled him with me and i made it into the cave . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` it was close . 
 too close . 
 my skin had already started to burn . '' 
 he could still smell the stench of burning flesh . 
 and when you woke at sunset ? 
 his lips twisted . 
 `` i said good-bye to henry , and i started hunting geoffrey . '' 
 and he 'd been hunting him for nine hundred years . 
 when you find geoffrey , what are you going to do ? 
 william sat on the edge of the bed . 
 his gaze met hers . 
 `` i 'm going to kill him . '' 
 the words were a vow . 
 this time , he would n't fail . 
 a small frown line appeared on her forehead . 
 `` even though he 's your brother ? 
 henry was my brother . 
 he died a long time ago . 
 geoffrey ... '' he took a deep breath . 
 `` geoffrey is evil . 
 he lives to hurt others . 
 to torture them . 
 if there was ever any goodness inside of him , it died a long time ago . '' 
 her fingers stroked his arm . 
 he stared down at her hand . 
 it looked so fragile , so delicate . 
 he lifted his fingers , capturing her hand . 
 `` savannah , i 'll go after him . 
 i 'll make certain that he never hurts another person , i swear i will . 
 no . '' 
 she shook her head , but made no attempt to withdraw her fingers from his hold . 
 `` you 're not going after him alone . 
 we 're doing this together . 
 remember the bargain - screw the bargain ! '' 
 william exploded . 
 `` i am not going to let him get near you . 
 he 's too strong . 
 if he killed you - '' he broke off . 
 he shuddered at the thought of savannah 's death . 
 no . 
 no , it could n't happen . 
 he could n't let his brother get anywhere near her . 
 he would protect her . 
 you ca n't protect me from everything , '' she said , her gaze watchful . 
 `` there are things in this world that i must face on my own . 
 you do n't have to face him ! '' 
 william snapped . 
 her gaze was steady . 
 `` yes , i do . 
 his hands clenched . 
 he could read the determination so clearly in her voice . 
 `` if he hurts you - he 's not going to get the chance , '' she promised . 
 `` you and i are going to stop him . 
 he knew that she was n't going to give up . 
 she would n't let him go alone . 
 he would have to make certain that she was safe . 
 and he would stop his brother . 
 or die trying . 
 he leaned forward and kissed her . 
 hard . 
 deep . 
 he needed to taste her , to feel her lips against his . 
 she responded immediately , her tongue thrusting against his and a low moan rumbling in her throat . 
 he wanted to lay her down . 
 to strip the clothes from her perfect body and sink into her . 
 to join with her . 
 to lose himself in her warmth . 
 but his brother was out there . 
 stalking the night . 
 hunting . 
 and he had to be stopped . 
 with a fierce effort of will , he pulled away from savannah . 
 her eyes were deep , mysterious pools . 
 she stared at him , waiting . 
 he took a deep breath , bringing his rampaging body back under control . 
 now was n't the time . 
 later , they would be together . 
 they would have forever . 
 he stood and with a wave of his hand he sent the balcony doors crashing open . 
 come , savannah . 
 it 's time we hunt . '' 
 they would find their prey . 
 they would find geoffrey . 
 and destroy him . 
 * * * * he sensed his brother the moment he rose . 
 he could feel william 's anger . 
 his rage . 
 geoffrey smiled . 
 his brother was losing control . 
 good . 
 his emotions made him weak , vulnerable . 
 easy prey . 
 and he could feel the women . 
 savannah . 
 her mind was strong . 
 he could sense her anger . 
 her fear . 
 he loved it when his victims feared him . 
 fear tasted so good , so sweet . 
 he knew they were coming for him . 
 fools . 
 they actually thought they could defeat him . 
 did n't they know the power he held ? 
 they would find out . 
 yes , they would find out very soon . 
 it was time to set his trap . 
 and time for them to die . 
 chapter 15 death is coming for me . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , december 24 , 1068 they returned to the park where they 'd sensed geoffrey . 
 his resting place had to be close by . 
 savannah watched william carefully . 
 she wanted to weep for him , for all that he 'd been forced to endure . 
 he 'd watched henry die . 
 she knew he blamed himself for his brother 's death . 
 she could see the guilt , feel it emanating from him . 
 she wished she could take that burden from him . 
 she knew that he 'd tried to save his brother . 
 he 'd taken the dark kiss , just to spare henry 's life . 
 but in the end , he 'd lost henry . 
 and now , he would be forced to kill geoffrey . 
 to slay his own brother before his brother killed him . 
 this way . '' 
 william began walking down a faint trail , his sharp gaze scanning the area . 
 savannah took a deep breath and followed him . 
 she knew that william could sense his brother , and she was desperately afraid that geoffrey could sense him , too . 
 do you think he knows we 're here ? '' 
 she asked , shivering as she remembered the sound of geoffrey 's voice calling to her . 
 savannah . 
 he 'd known they were here the night before . 
 would he know now ? 
 he knows , '' william said simply . 
 `` try to guard your thoughts as best you can . 
 she nodded . 
 the path ended at the edge of the park . 
 william 's dark gaze swept the area , drifting lightly over the empty street and the old houses . 
 he began walking , his stare intense , as he focused on geoffrey . 
 the street was eerily silent . 
 it was fairly early in the evening , just a little after eight , but no one was around . 
 all of the houses were locked up tight , almost as if those who lived there sensed something evil was on the streets . 
 william turned at the street corner . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 he whispered softly . 
 his brows were drawn together , and she knew that he was concentrating fiercely , using all of his psychic power . 
 dammit ! '' 
 he exploded . 
 `` where the hell are you ? '' 
 a muscle flexed along the hard plane of his jaw . 
 savannah 's heart pounded . 
 she could feel his frustration beating against her . 
 `` william ? 
 he swung around , his expression stark . 
 `` it 's just like every damned time before . 
 i feel the echo of his presence , but i ca n't tell where he is . '' 
 he took a deep , shuddering breath . 
 `` or where he 's gone . 
 in the distance , savannah heard the wail of a siren . 
 focus , william , '' she ordered , her voice calm and clear . 
 `` use your power and picture him . 
 see him . '' 
 find him . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i 'm not strong enough . '' 
 he waved his hand toward the houses . 
 `` there are too many people in the way . 
 too many thoughts . 
 too many voices . 
 they 're drowning him out . '' 
 understanding flared in his eyes . 
 `` he 's using them to hide behind . 
 that 's why he picked the city . 
 he could disappear here , and the voices , the thoughts , would shield him . '' 
 i 'm not strong enough , he finished mentally . 
 maybe you 're right , '' she said softly . 
 `` maybe one vampire 's mind is n't powerful enough to track someone like geoffrey . '' 
 she hesitated . 
 `` but maybe two vampires can do it . '' 
 she closed her eyes and focused her mind on william , pouring all of her power and strength into him . 
 into his mind . 
 what are you - '' his body trembled as he felt her warmth pour through him . 
 `` savannah ? 
 use me , '' she whispered . 
 `` find him . 
 william swallowed . 
 lust flared in his eyes . 
 his need , his hunger , wrapped around her . 
 she could feel him , his emotions , his needs , swirling within her mind . 
 and she knew that he could feel her . 
 her thoughts , her dreams , her fears . 
 his eyes flared red . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 he gritted . 
 yes . 
 and he took her power , pulling it , pulling her , inside of him . 
 deep inside . 
 their minds linked . 
 their thoughts , their feelings . 
 they merged and became one . 
 she could feel him , feel his body , his strength . 
 she could n't tell where she ended and he began . 
 his power doubled , and his mind flashed as he sent a psychic pulse into the night . 
 together , they focused on geoffrey , channeling all of their strength into finding him . 
 a faint black cloud appeared before them . 
 savannah gasped . 
 `` what is that ? '' 
 she could feel evil , dark twisted hate . 
 the cloud stretched out , heading down the street and into the night . 
 `` that 's geoffrey . '' 
 william 's gaze was locked on the dark cloud . 
 come on , i do n't know how long i can hold his trail . 
 they ran , following the dark cloud , snaking down streets and alleys . 
 and for every step they took , their minds stayed joined . 
 completely linked . 
 their hearts pounded in unison . 
 they ran forward , knowing they did n't have a minute to lose . 
 the road curved , and then it snaked sharply to the left . 
 savannah 's eyes widened at the sight before her . 
 a cemetery ? '' 
 she knew william had to hear the horror in her voice . 
 `` he 's resting inside a cemetery ? 
 a huge wrought-iron gate surrounded the cemetery . 
 savannah could see crumbling tombstones and high stone vaults nestled behind the gate . 
 the grass was overgrown , weeds covering many of the headstones . 
 i should have known , '' william muttered , easily leaping over the fence . 
 `` a place like this would appeal to him . 
 savannah bit her lip , surveying the high gate . 
 it was at least twelve feet high . 
 the top of the gate was lined with sharp pointed tips , like spearheads . 
 she crouched low , keeping her eyes locked on those sharp points , and then she sprang into the air . 
 she landed on the other side , her knees barely buckling beneath her . 
 william 's gaze swept over the cemetery . 
 the black cloud had led to the gate . 
 there was no trail inside . 
 stay close , '' he whispered . 
 `` and do n't let your guard down for a minute . 
 adrenaline and fear pumped through her . 
 she knew geoffrey could attack them at any moment . 
 he could be anywhere . 
 in the ground beneath them . 
 crouched above them in the branches of the old oak tree . 
 or waiting , lurking in the old mausoleum . 
 the wind howled softly . 
 dead leaves crunched beneath savannah 's feet . 
 and she smelled death . 
 her body was tense . 
 her heart pounded . 
 william walked before her , his body crouched and ready for battle . 
 she stepped carefully over a broken headstone . 
 `` can you sense him ? 
 no . 
 i ca n't feel him at all . 
 she scanned the cemetery , her gaze drifting over the graves . 
 she saw a faint flash of light , a brief glimmer in the darkness . 
 her eyes narrowed and she took a step forward . 
 what was that ? 
 she moved closer . 
 she could see what looked like a handle of some sort , a gleaming handle encrusted with jewels . 
 it was - my father 's sword . '' 
 william crouched down and picked up the weapon , removing it from the old headstone . 
 he held the weapon easily . 
 the long blade gleamed in the faint moonlight . 
 looking at william , with the broad sword clutched in his hands , savannah could easily imagine him as he once had been . 
 a warrior . 
 strong . 
 deadly . 
 why would he leave your father 's sword here ? 
 he was sending me a message . 
 what kind of message ? 
 his fingers clenched around the sword . 
 `` the last time i saw this sword , i was on my father 's land and my brother was using it to try to kill me . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 savannah waited silently , wondering what was next . 
 he used this weapon to kill my father . 
 he almost killed me with it . 
 he would n't just leave it behind for no reason . 
 he values it too much . '' 
 his gaze swept over the dark cemetery once again . 
 his shoulders seem to drop . 
 what is it ? 
 geoffrey 's gone . 
 gone from the cemetery . 
 gone from seattle . 
 what ? '' 
 impossible . 
 he could n't have gotten away from them ! 
 william gazed down at the weapon in his hand . 
 `` geoffrey returned home . 
 he went back to my father 's land . 
 back to the place where this nightmare began . 
 and he wants me to follow him . 
 how do you know that ? '' 
 she asked , stunned . 
 he pointed to the headstone . 
 `` the sword was placed on this particular slab for a reason . 
 read the inscription , savannah . 
 she glanced down . 
 time had erased the dead man 's name , but she could still see the faint words etched in the middle of the headstone . 
 death takes us back to the beginning . 
 the beginning , '' she whispered as understanding dawned . 
 the beginning of william 's life as a vampire had been in a blood-soaked european castle . 
 she lifted her chin and met his stare . 
 `` let 's go . 
 * * * * they arrived in france three days later . 
 they 'd had to charter a private plane . 
 william could have flown on his own , using his powers , but savannah was n't strong enough for such a journey . 
 they 'd gotten the plane and made arrangements for all of the back windows to be blackened out . 
 the owner of the plane had agreed to their request with only a raised brow . 
 he 'd told them that after flying numerous celebrities , he was used to people 's `` oddities . 
 the plane touched down in the airport an hour after sunset . 
 savannah and william thanked the pilot , and then after giving him a small compulsion , they disappeared , knowing the pilot had completely forgotten about the man and woman that he 'd just taken across the atlantic . 
 * * * * william cradled savannah carefully against , him , feeling her heart pound as they flew across the countryside . 
 he cloaked their presence , so if anyone happened to glance into the air , they would not be seen . 
 he wished that he could stop , find her a room in a quiet village , and face geoffrey on his own . 
 he was terrified that something would happen to her . 
 i 'm going to be fine , '' she murmured softly , her voice music to his hungry ears . 
 `` stop worrying about me . 
 let me take you to safety . 
 i can face him alone . 
 no . 
 we 'll face him together . 
 but would they survive together ? 
 he kissed her temple , inhaling her sweet scent . 
 and , for the first time since henry 's death , he prayed . 
 he prayed for god to protect savannah . 
 the miles flew past , the countryside little more than a green blur beneath him . 
 then he saw the river . 
 the winding , black river . 
 and he knew that he was home . 
 he could see his father 's land , could see the crumbling remains of the old keep . 
 the ancient stone wall . 
 the empty moat . 
 but there was no sign of geoffrey . 
 he drifted to the ground , placing savannah gently on her feet . 
 he walked toward the stone steps leading to the old entrance to his father 's keep . 
 `` this was where i found my father . 
 he could still see the red stain on the top step . 
 his father 's blood . 
 his hands clenched , and he walked up the steps . 
 for just a second , he thought he heard his father 's voice . 
 william ? 
 he blinked , glancing back at savannah . 
 her arms were crossed over her chest . 
 her face was tight with concern . 
 concern for him . 
 he walked back down the steps . 
 turning his back on the old stone , on the past . 
 link with me , '' he whispered . 
 and she did . 
 her warmth flooded through him . 
 her goodness , her strength . 
 in that brief moment , he forgot his past . 
 he forgot geoffrey . 
 his only thought was her . 
 savannah . 
 he pulled her into his arms , his lips touching hers . 
 she met him eagerly , her passion a perfect match for his . 
 their bodies pressed together . 
 their hearts pounded . 
 he lifted his head slowly . 
 `` savannah , i - a cold wind swept across the land , chilling him . 
 and he heard the mocking sound of his brother 's laughter . 
 he spun around , pushing savannah behind him . 
 he scanned , drawing on both his own power and savannah 's new strength . 
 he could feel his brother , feel the taint of his presence . 
 geoffrey was close . 
 too close . 
 if you want me so badly , brother , then come and find me . 
 geoffrey 's taunt whispered through his mind . 
 behind him , he felt savannah shiver . 
 connected to him as she was , she 'd heard geoffrey 's voice , felt his evil . 
 abruptly , william severed the link with savannah . 
 william ? 
 what - we ca n't be linked , not now . 
 if something happens - '' he ran his hand over his face . 
 if something happened to him , and they were linked at the time , then savannah would experience his death , just as she 'd been forced to share mark 's last moments . 
 he would n't put her through that agony again . 
 we ca n't afford the link now , '' he told her , carefully shielding his thoughts . 
 `` it will drain our powers too quickly . 
 he could feel her confusion and fear . 
 but he knew she struggled to contain herself , to be strong . 
 in that moment , he wanted nothing more than to pull her into his arms and hold her . 
 just hold her . 
 but his brother was waiting . 
 and death would come for either him or geoffrey this night . 
 where is he ? '' 
 savannah whispered . 
 william 's gaze scanned the rough terrain . 
 where would his brother hide ? 
 where - a wolf howled . 
 william froze . 
 there 'd never been a wolf on his father 's land . 
 never . 
 the howl sounded again . 
 louder . 
 the wolf was close , and william could feel the beast 's overwhelming hunger ... and its dark rage . 
 that 's him , is n't it ? '' 
 savannah stepped forward , standing by william 's side . 
 `` it 's geoffrey . 
 william nodded . 
 his brother was using his power to shapeshift . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` are you sure that you can do this ? 
 he glanced down at her gleaming eyes and pale face . 
 `` geoffrey has to be stopped . '' 
 he could n't let his brother hurt anyone else . 
 she nodded . 
 he turned back to face the night , to face his brother . 
 he could sense the wolf 's location , could even hear the soft crunch of leaves beneath the pads of the wolf 's paws . 
 the wolf was running , deep into the brush , and he wanted william to follow him . 
 so he did . 
 he ran into the night , with savannah close on his heels . 
 he ran over the dank earth and into the dark woods . 
 over the fallen trees , over the land that had seen centuries of murder and pain . 
 he ran past the old village . 
 past the river where he 'd nearly drowned . 
 he ran as fast as he could , following the wolf as it led him deeper and deeper into the night . 
 the trees began to thin , the brush to disappear . 
 the glowing moon shone down upon him , illuminating the sloping land , and william realized where the wolf was leading him . 
 death takes us back to the beginning . 
 the cliffs stood before him . 
 and there , in the clearing , with red eyes and barred fangs , the wolf waited . 
 he stopped , staring at the cliffs , at the wolf , and he remembered . 
 henry , covered in blood , his body still upon the hard earth . 
 his father , his body slashed , his blood staining the stone steps . 
 and geoffrey , aiming his father 's sword straight at his heart . 
 laughing . 
 william reached back , and pulled his father 's sword from the sheath he 'd strapped to his back . 
 the blade gleamed in the moonlight . 
 william swore he could still see blood on the shining tip . 
 the wolf blinked , and in a flash , geoffrey stood before him . 
 welcome home , brother . '' 
 his red stare drifted briefly over savannah 's tense body . 
 `` i see you brought me a nice treat to enjoy . 
 and believe me , i will enjoy her ... right after i kill you . 
 william stepped forward , lifting the sword . 
 `` you 're not going to touch her . 
 geoffrey lifted one dark brow . 
 `` let me guess . 
 you think you 're going to stop me , to kill me . '' 
 he smiled and shook his head . 
 `` i do not think so . 
 you could n't kill me before . 
 and you wo n't be able to kill me now . 
 do n't bet on it , '' william growled . 
 geoffrey laughed . 
 `` come on , i 'm your brother . 
 your blood . 
 you ca n't kill me . 
 you wo n't kill me . 
 you 're not my brother . '' 
 william took another step forward . 
 `` my brother died on this cliff over nine hundred years ago . 
 henry was the only brother i ever had . 
 you 're nothing to me . 
 you never were . 
 geoffrey 's eyes flashed , and he attacked , launching his body not at william , but at savannah . 
 geoffrey 's hands shifted , becoming deadly claws . 
 he reached for savannah , his face a twisted mask of hate . 
 no ! '' 
 william swung the sword , catching his brother high in the shoulder . 
 geoffrey screamed in pain , staggering back . 
 blood spilled down his arm . 
 geoffrey glanced down at his wound , and he smiled , cradling his shoulder . 
 `` first blood is yours , brother . '' 
 he stepped back and ran toward the cliffs . 
 william swore and lunged after him . 
 he saw geoffrey bend down and scoop up an old pack . 
 his brother 's hand reached inside . 
 he pulled out a gun . 
 now it 's my turn , '' geoffrey screamed . 
 he aimed the gun and pulled the trigger . 
 the bullet slammed into william 's chest , knocking him back , forcing him to his knees . 
 no ! 
 savannah 's scream echoed in his mind . 
 his blood poured onto the ground and weakness swept through him . 
 his father 's sword slipped from his fingers . 
 geoffrey laughed and looked at savannah . 
 `` before you die , you can watch me kill your woman . 
 chapter 16 i will never see another sunrise . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , december 27 , 1068 . 
 no ! '' 
 savannah 's heart stopped when the bullet hit william . 
 she saw him stumble to his knees , saw the blade drop from his hand . 
 `` william ! 
 no ! '' 
 she knew that too much blood loss could kill a vampire . 
 she ran to him , frantic . 
 his shirt front was soaked with blood , the ground stained with it . 
 she dropped to her knees beside him , cradling him in her arms . 
 `` william ! 
 his eyelids lifted slowly , his pain-filled gaze locked on her . 
 `` savannah ... i 'm sorry . 
 she felt the touch of death then . 
 felt the icy fingers on her skin . 
 `` no ! '' 
 she pulled him against her , rocking him . 
 `` you 're not going to die ! 
 i wo n't let you ! 
 you ca n't leave me ! 
 geoffrey laughed softly . 
 `` how touching . 
 how very touching . 
 savannah turned , shielding william with her body . 
 she pushed her wrist against his mouth , carefully covering the move from geoffrey 's watchful stare . 
 drink , she ordered him . 
 drink ! 
 there was no way she was going to let william die . 
 you 're a sick bastard ! '' 
 she snarled at geoffrey , trying to keep his attention away from william . 
 geoffrey 's smile widened . 
 his fangs gleamed . 
 `` i 'm really going to enjoy killing you . 
 she felt william 's lips moving lightly against her , felt the sharp sting of pain as his teeth bit into her skin . 
 she clenched her teeth , letting the pain wash through her . 
 she saw geoffrey 's gaze drift to william . 
 are you going to shoot me , too ? '' 
 she asked derisively , pulling his attention back to her . 
 he frowned , glancing down at the gun . 
 then he tossed it over the cliff 's edge . 
 `` no . 
 for you , i 'm going to use a more ... personal touch . '' 
 once again his fingers lengthened , became claws . 
 savannah looked into his eyes . 
 this was the man-no , the monster-who had killed mark and sharon . 
 and shot william . 
 she should have been afraid . 
 she had been , until that very moment . 
 now , she just felt ... rage . 
 she was going to kill him . 
 get up . 
 william 's mouth slid back , freeing her hand . 
 had he taken enough blood ? 
 would he be able to survive ? 
 i said , get up ! '' 
 geoffrey screamed . 
 savannah glanced down at william . 
 his eyes were shut . 
 his body still . 
 do n't worry , he 's still alive . '' 
 geoffrey 's lips twisted . 
 `` it takes a while for a vampire 's blood to drain out . 
 he 'll live , at least long enough to see you die . 
 william 's lashes jerked . 
 come here ! '' 
 his claws flashed out , stopping inches away from william 's chest . 
 `` or i 'll rip his heart out right now ! 
 savannah rose . 
 she could see guy 's sword . 
 it had fallen to the ground , just a few feet away . 
 so close . 
 geoffrey grabbed her , pulling her against his chest . 
 `` i 've been waiting for this moment . 
 so have i , '' savannah whispered . 
 she concentrated , focusing her energy as william had taught her . 
 one sharp claw moved slowly down her cheek , down the column of her throat . 
 down to the curve of her breast . 
 revulsion swept through her . 
 do you see this , brother ? '' 
 geoffrey called out . 
 `` i 've got her . 
 and i can do anything i want to her ... william had managed to sit up . 
 blood still poured from his wound , and fire burned in his gaze . 
 he began to stand . 
 geoffrey met his stare , his eyes narrowing at his brother 's increasing strength . 
 `` how - savannah 's hands shifted , becoming claws . 
 she knew she could n't hold the shape long , but a second was all she needed . 
 she plunged her claws into his chest . 
 geoffrey screamed . 
 his claws slashed against her , catching her along the throat and chest . 
 pain lanced through her . 
 she wanted to scream , to howl at the agony coursing through her . 
 her claws disappeared , and she stumbled away from him and fell to the ground . 
 from the corner of her eye , she saw guy 's sword . 
 she crawled toward it . 
 if she could just get it - geoffrey stared in shock at the blood that poured down his chest . 
 `` you bitch ! '' 
 he snarled . 
 `` you 're going to beg me to kill you ! 
 he lunged for her . 
 savannah 's fingers curled around the handle of the sword . 
 and when geoffrey grabbed her , she swung , slamming the blade into his side . 
 the blade sliced deep into his skin , tearing flesh and sending blood pouring down his body . 
 he twisted away from her and grabbed the blade with his bare hands . 
 the steel bit into his palms , cutting deeply into his flesh . 
 savannah strained , fighting to control the blade . 
 if she could just hit him again - she saw william , moving slowly , his face a mask of pain . 
 geoffrey jerked the blade from her hand . 
 in one motion , he yanked her forward , spinning her against his chest and locking his bloody fingers around her throat . 
 he faced william with savannah held tightly against him . 
 i 'm going to make you beg for death , '' he whispered into her ear . 
 in their struggle , the sword had fallen to the ground . 
 but savannah knew geoffrey would n't need the sword to kill her . 
 let her go ! '' 
 william 's hands clenched . 
 no ! '' 
 geoffrey 's gaze narrowed as it swept over william , over the already healing wound in his chest . 
 `` she helped you , did n't she ? 
 the bitch gave you her blood ! 
 william just stared at him , his gaze redder than the fires of hell . 
 well , then i think it 's only fair that she helps me , too . '' 
 he sank his teeth into her throat , ripping her flesh . 
 savannah screamed and kicked against him , catching geoffrey in his shins . 
 william lunged forward and jerked her from geoffrey 's grasp . 
 he slammed into geoffrey , and his brother fell to the ground . 
 william grabbed the sword and crouched over him . 
 geoffrey panted , his gaze locked on william . 
 william placed the tip of the sword against his throat . 
 geoffrey smiled . 
 `` are you going to cut off my head , now , brother ? 
 william 's jaw clenched . 
 `` yes . 
 you 're going to kill me , as you killed henry ? 
 william lifted the sword , preparing to deliver the final death blow . 
 `` i did n't kill henry ! 
 geoffrey 's smile widened . 
 `` i know . 
 i did . 
 w-what ? 
 geoffrey twisted , kicking out with his right foot . 
 the blow caught william in his midsection , and he jerked , slashing down with the weapon . 
 but it was too late . 
 geoffrey rolled away , and the blade slammed into the earth . 
 his brother jumped to his feet , licking his lips . 
 `` her blood is strong , '' he murmured . 
 `` i can already feel my power returning . 
 i think i 'll have to have more of her . 
 never . '' 
 william pulled the blade free and aimed the weapon at geoffrey . 
 `` what did you do ? 
 what did you do to henry ? 
 after i killed guy , i found henry . 
 he was in the tower . '' 
 geoffrey shook his head . 
 `` it was really too easy , you know . 
 the fool thought i was there to help him . 
 you 're the one , '' william whispered . 
 `` you 're the one who left him to die . 
 he was weak . 
 he was always weak . 
 he did n't deserve the de montfort name ! 
 and neither did you ! 
 a wolf howled in the darkness . 
 the howl was long , mournful , and full of rage . 
 geoffrey blinked . 
 `` what - a large gray wolf sprang out of the night and launched its powerful body at geoffrey . 
 its fangs slashed him , biting deep into his shoulders , his arms , his chest . 
 william stared down at the beast , stunned . 
 he tried to touch the creature 's mind , but found only a world of pain , rage , and hate . 
 he moved back , hurrying to savannah 's side . 
 she was still , her body limp on the earth . 
 he pulled her into his arms , cradling her softly . 
 the wound at her throat bled sluggishly . 
 he touched it gently . 
 `` savannah ? 
 her lashes lifted , and she stared up at him with dazed green eyes . 
 `` william , what - '' her eyes widened as she heard the snarl of a wolf . 
 he pulled savannah to her feet . 
 `` i do n't know , savannah . 
 i do n't know where the hell he came from . '' 
 his gaze drifted over her . 
 `` are you all right ? 
 she nodded , her gaze locked on geoffrey and the wolf . 
 as she watched , geoffrey 's claws flashed , cutting deeply into the wolf 's side . 
 the animal howled in pain . 
 `` we 've got to help it ! 
 geoffrey shoved the animal away from him and staggered to his feet . 
 the wolf shuddered and collapsed upon the ground . 
 enough of this ! '' 
 geoffrey 's arms lifted and he began to chant . 
 thunder rumbled and lightning flashed across the night sky . 
 `` i have the dark powers , brother ! 
 me , not you ! 
 and i will use them to kill you ! 
 a ball of fire formed over geoffrey 's head . 
 `` tell me this , brother ... are you afraid to die ? '' 
 the flames flew toward william . 
 no ! '' 
 savannah screamed and launched herself at william . 
 her body slammed into his and they rolled across the earth . 
 savannah felt the kiss of the flames lance over her skin . 
 savannah ! '' 
 william rolled , checking her body quickly . 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` i 'm all right . 
 another ball of flame began to form above geoffrey . 
 `` i wo n't miss this time , '' he promised . 
 william rose to his feet . 
 savannah stood beside him . 
 `` neither will i , '' he vowed . 
 and , before savannah 's stunned gaze , a ball of fire began to form in his hand . 
 h-how - '' geoffrey shook his head , disbelief etched onto the lines of his face . 
 `` y-you ca n't ! 
 i-i 'm the only one who - william threw the flame , and it slammed into geoffrey 's chest , knocking him to the ground . 
 he was close to the cliff 's edge . 
 just a few more feet , and he would have fallen into the night . 
 with age , comes power . '' 
 william 's red gaze was locked on his brother . 
 `` you 're not the only one who studied the dark arts . '' 
 he picked up the sword and walked slowly forward . 
 `` now , brother , '' he spat . 
 `` tell me , are you afraid to die ? 
 geoffrey 's eyes widened . 
 fear and rage flashed across his face . 
 he lunged to his feet . 
 william attacked , swinging the sword in a swift arc . 
 the blade slammed into his brother 's chest . 
 geoffrey staggered , stumbling back . 
 his booted heel slipped on the cliff 's edge . 
 his face went slack with shock . 
 and he fell back into the air , into nothing . 
 savannah expected him to transform , to shift , to fly back up and attack them . 
 instead , she just heard the sound of his scream . 
 he 's too weak , '' william whispered . 
 `` he ca n't stop the fall . 
 the screaming ended , choked off abruptly . 
 savannah ran to the edge of the cliff . 
 her eyes searched the bottom , searched the rocky surface , the churning waters . 
 and she saw him . 
 there , at the base of the cliff , his body dangling atop the old remains of a wooden boat . 
 his head was twisted , his mouth open . 
 his eyes stared sightlessly up at her . 
 a long sliver of wood from the ship 's bow had pierced his chest . 
 i-is he dead ? 
 william did n't answer . 
 with his fingers clenched around the blade , he leapt off the cliff . 
 within seconds , he was beside geoffrey , staring down at his still figure . 
 he lifted the sword . 
 `` good-bye , brother . 
 he slashed the blade across geoffrey 's throat , severing his head in one quick blow . 
 william closed his eyes against the sight . 
 the sword dropped from his fingers , to land in the blood beneath his feet . 
 now , it was finished . 
 he returned to savannah . 
 he needed her , needed her touch to wipe the darkness from him . 
 to banish the cold sweeping through him . 
 she was there , waiting on the cliff 's edge . 
 he could see the tear tracks on her cheeks . 
 he pulled her against him , desperate to feel her body against his . 
 he inhaled her delicate scent and wrapped his arms tightly around her . 
 he 'd almost lost her . 
 his body began to shake . 
 william ? 
 he kissed her with all the fire and desperation that was in him . 
 it had been too close . 
 he could still see geoffrey , see him sinking his teeth into her delicate throat . 
 he shuddered . 
 he felt her fingers , lightly stroking his back . 
 soothing him . 
 reassuring him . 
 it 's all right , william . 
 it 's over now . 
 he felt her warmth pouring into him . 
 let 's get out of here , '' he whispered . 
 he wanted to leave this place and never come back . 
 she nodded , and they turned away from the cliffs . 
 william froze . 
 he could feel something . 
 someone . 
 watching . 
 waiting . 
 his gaze searched the clearing . 
 `` where did the wolf go ? 
 savannah blinked . 
 `` i-i do n't know . 
 i was n't watching - '' she hurried over to the rocks and bent down , touching the ground lightly . 
 when her hand lifted , there was blood on her fingers . 
 `` he was here a moment ago ... and now he 'd vanished . 
 but william could still feel him . 
 still feel his rage . 
 he 's watching us . 
 savannah returned to his side , her body brushing lightly against his . 
 why ? 
 he did n't know , but all his senses were screaming a warning to him . 
 the wolf was waiting . 
 hiding in the shadows . 
 and he was going to attack . 
 william did n't know if savannah could survive another attack . 
 she was weak . 
 he 'd taken her blood , and then geoffrey had savaged her . 
 she needed to feed in order to regain her strength . 
 they both needed to feed . 
 but he knew she would n't want to do it , that she would fight the hunger . 
 he would have to force her . 
 he could n't risk her waning strength . 
 not when they had another killer on their trail . 
 he wanted to go after the wolf , to hunt the beast down and destroy it . 
 but he had to take care of savannah . 
 she needed him . 
 he scooped her up into his arms , holding her tightly . 
 he heard a low growl , and he knew that it was n't just a wolf that was stalking him . 
 he could feel the creature 's dark power . 
 its hunger . 
 stay away from her . 
 he knew the creature heard his warning . 
 william 's arms tightened around savannah and he leapt into the air . 
 the wolf howled . 
 * * * * he took savannah to an inn on the outskirts of a small village . 
 he knew they looked like hell , but with a small compulsion , he made the innkeeper overlook their haggard appearance and give them the best room that he had available , a room that , he assured william , had strong shutters that covered its windows . 
 william took savannah upstairs , worried by her increasing pallor . 
 she needed blood , and she needed it fast . 
 he locked the door behind him and placed her gently on the bed . 
 she stared up at him , her eyes wide . 
 `` that was n't a wolf , was it ? 
 william shook his head . 
 he noticed that her hands were shaking . 
 what was it ? 
 a vampire . '' 
 from the instant that the beast had attacked geoffrey , he 'd known that he was dealing with one of his kind . 
 savannah nodded . 
 `` i thought so . '' 
 she swallowed and rubbed her head . 
 `` why did he attack geoffrey ? 
 i do n't know . 
 geoffrey spent his life hurting others . 
 maybe he did something to the vampire , hurt him or someone that he cared about . 
 she slid back against the pillows , weariness evident in every line of her body . 
 `` geoffrey hurt so many people . 
 he pulled the covers over her . 
 `` he wo n't hurt anyone else . 
 her hand caught his . 
 `` thank you , william . 
 he stilled . 
 hunger flashed through him at her delicate touch . 
 `` for what ? 
 for ending my nightmare . 
 he took a deep breath . 
 her weakness beat against him . 
 `` rest , now . 
 just close your eyes and rest . 
 she frowned , shifting restlessly on the bed . 
 `` are you leaving ? 
 only for a moment . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no ! 
 do n't leave me . 
 sleep , savannah . '' 
 he pushed the compulsion . 
 normally , it would n't have worked on her , but in her weakened state , there was no way she could fight him . 
 her lashes lowered and her body stilled . 
 he could n't risk traveling far . 
 not with the other vampire close by . 
 he would have to find food , fast , and return to savannah . 
 he would use one of the inn 's staff . 
 a maid or a bellhop . 
 he would be quick . 
 savannah had to drink . 
 and she was n't strong enough to get the blood on her own . 
 he hurried to the door . 
 with every second that passed , her strength drained . 
 and with the wolf out there , she could n't afford to be weak . 
 not for a moment . 
 * * * * savannah . 
 wake up , savannah . 
 she heard his voice , calling softly to her . 
 she tried to open her eyes , but she just felt so tired . 
 she wanted to sleep , just sleep . 
 you ca n't sleep . 
 you have to open your eyes . 
 she knew that voice . 
 william . 
 she smiled . 
 yes , it 's me . 
 and i need you to look at me . 
 can you do that ? 
 she concentrated , gathering her strength . 
 william needed her . 
 she focused her remaining energy , and her eyes opened . 
 william gazed down at her , his black stare intense . 
 a lock of his hair had slipped free and fallen over his forehead . 
 the dark lock made him look strangely gentle , almost boyish . 
 she lifted her hand , wanting to touch him . 
 he caught her hand , bringing it up to his lips . 
 he kissed her palm , his breath hot upon her chilled hand . 
 you made me sleep . '' 
 her tone was accusing . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he did n't sound apologetic . 
 i feel so weak . '' 
 she tried to sit up , but she slid back against the bedding . 
 `` what 's wrong with me ? 
 he smoothed her hair back with a gentle hand . 
 `` you lost too much blood . 
 your body 's weak . 
 if you do n't get more blood soon ... '' he shook his head . 
 `` you have to drink , savannah . 
 there 's no choice . 
 she knew he was right . 
 she could feel the hunger within her . 
 the need . 
 but she was so tired . 
 william leaned forward and kissed her softly . 
 `` drink from me , '' he whispered against her lips . 
 `` drink from me . 
 he moved , barring his neck before her . 
 she could feel her teeth burning , stretching . 
 she could see the pulse beating , throbbing against his throat . 
 i do n't want to hurt you , '' she murmured , fighting against the need that rose within her , the need that demanded she bury her teeth in his throat and drink . 
 `` you 're weak , too . 
 geoffrey hurt you . 
 there was so much blood - i 've fed . 
 do n't worry about me . 
 she frowned . 
 that was why he 'd forced her to sleep . 
 i did n't hurt anyone . 
 the innkeeper does n't even remember uh ... helping me . '' 
 she could hear the faint smile in his voice . 
 `` now , come on , savannah . 
 drink . 
 she swallowed . 
 she wanted to . 
 she wanted desperately to taste him , but a part of her held back , still repelled by the idea of actually biting him , of drinking his blood . 
 she felt the sigh that moved through him . 
 i was afraid of that , '' he said . 
 `` looks like we 'll have to try something else . 
 he grabbed the front of her shirt and ripped the material apart . 
 she gasped , her eyes widening . 
 his hand lifted , sliding to caress her breast . 
 `` passion , remember ? 
 physical desire and the dark hunger merge . 
 i am just going to have to make you ... hungry ... enough to drink from me . 
 yes , she remembered . 
 she arched into his touch , a hot tide of desire pouring through her . 
 his head lowered and his lips locked around her aching nipple . 
 he licked her , sucking lightly . 
 she felt heat pool low in her belly . 
 his fingers slipped over the curve of her stomach while his mouth continued to suckle her . 
 she heard the rasp of her zipper and felt his hand slide inside her pants . 
 he touched her lightly through the thin layer of her panties . 
 she lifted her hips , responding eagerly to his touch . 
 and she felt her hunger rise . 
 you feel so good . 
 so damn good . '' 
 he pushed her pants off and pulled her silken panties down . 
 his gaze flashed to meet hers . 
 `` if you wo n't taste me , then i guess i 'll have to taste you . 
 then , before she could murmur a protest , his dark head lowered and he was kissing her , his tongue licking the most intimate part of her body . 
 her body tensed and pleasure slammed through her . 
 she forgot her exhaustion . 
 forgot her fear . 
 she just felt . 
 felt him . 
 felt heat . 
 need . 
 desire . 
 hunger . 
 her hips twisted , moving feverishly . 
 the tension within her mounted , churning higher , tighter . 
 she moaned , tossing her head back against the pillow . 
 `` william ! 
 his tongue teased her . 
 swirling . 
 rubbing . 
 she clenched her teeth as his fingers teased her br ** sts , rubbing and plucking her ni ** les . 
 she could feel her climax , feel the pressure as it mounted . 
 close . 
 so close - william pulled back and stared down at her . 
 his face was stark . 
 need was stamped on every hard line of his body . 
 `` what do you want , savannah ? '' 
 his voice was guttural . 
 she stared into his swirling gaze . 
 `` you , '' she whispered . 
 `` i want you . '' 
 i always will . 
 he unzipped his pants and slid his hips between her thighs . 
 she felt him , felt the tip of his manhood pressing against her moist opening . 
 `` then take me . 
 he thrust deep . 
 hunger consumed her , spinning her out of control . 
 he surged into her , again and again . 
 lifting her legs , he wrapped them around his hips , forcing her to take more of him . 
 all of him . 
 deeper . 
 harder . 
 her teeth burned . 
 she wanted him . 
 wanted to taste him . 
 needed to taste him . 
 do it , '' he growled . 
 `` do it ! 
 her teeth sank into his neck . 
 he shuddered , thrusting deeply into her body . 
 her mouth moved lightly against him , drinking his essence , and his hips thrust against her . 
 he pushed her deeper into the mattress . 
 lifted her legs higher . 
 she screamed as her climax rocked through her . 
 william kept thrusting , his body locked with hers . 
 his jaw was clenched . 
 he stiffened against her , and her name slipped past his lips . 
 he shuddered , pumping himself into her heat , and his eyes closed . 
 for an instant , she actually felt his pleasure , felt the strength of the release that swept through him . 
 she gasped , stunned by the feelings that surged through her . 
 she held william tightly , her heart pounding . 
 and a whisper swept through her mind . 
 i love you . 
 her heart stilled . 
 but had that thought been her own ... or william 's ? 
 * * * * the wolf paced slowly outside of the inn . 
 he knew they were making love . 
 he could feel it , smell it on the air . 
 he would let william have his time with the woman . 
 he 'd been waiting centuries for the dark one . 
 he could wait a few more hours . 
 he howled , the mournful sound cutting through the night . 
 * * * * william stiffened . 
 he 'd heard the howl . 
 and it had been too close . 
 too damn close . 
 he pulled away from savannah , from her tempting warmth and her gentle arms . 
 `` he 's out there . 
 dammit , that bastard is out there ! 
 savannah sat up , pulling the sheet against her br ** sts . 
 her cheeks were n't pale anymore , but flushed with color and health . 
 her emerald eyes shone like jewels . 
 why would he follow us ? 
 william dressed quickly . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 but i 'm going to find out . 
 savannah jumped to her feet . 
 `` not without me you are n't ! 
 william 's jaw clenched . 
 `` you 've faced enough danger for one night . 
 stay here . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no way . 
 i 'm not just going to sit here while you go out there and face this ... this thing ! 
 i almost lost you once tonight . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` when geoffrey shot you , when i saw all that blood , i thought , i thought - william pulled her into his arms . 
 he could feel the tremors that rocked through her body . 
 `` it 's all right , savannah . 
 i 'm okay . 
 you could have died , '' she whispered , closing her eyes . 
 `` you could have bled out . 
 there , on that damn cliff ! 
 he tilted her chin back . 
 her lashes lifted . 
 `` i did n't die . 
 you saved me . '' 
 he lifted her wrist , kissing the faint bite marks . 
 `` you gave me your blood . 
 you gave me life . 
 and i 'd do it again , '' she said , and he could read the truth of that statement in her shining eyes . 
 i do n't deserve you , '' he whispered . 
 `` you 're too good - she pulled back and placed a gentle fingertip against his lips . 
 `` stop . 
 i 'm not perfect . '' 
 she laughed softly . 
 `` i 'm far from perfect , and you of all people should know that . 
 but she was perfect . 
 kind . 
 strong . 
 beautiful . 
 `` i want to keep you safe , '' he told her . 
 `` i 've put you at risk already . 
 stay here , and as soon as i find the vampire ... you 'll what ? 
 attack him on your own ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i already told you , no . 
 there 's no way you 're getting out of here without me . 
 fine , but you stay close to me , '' he ordered . 
 `` i felt his strength . 
 he 's an ancient , at least as old as i. i do n't want him to get a chance to hurt you . 
 he 's not going to hurt me . '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` i just do n't understand why he 's following us . 
 he was obviously geoffrey 's enemy . 
 he tried to kill geoffrey ! 
 i could feel his hate , his rage . 
 yes , the vampire had been full of hate and blinding rage . 
 both had seemed to be directed at geoffrey . 
 in fact , the creature had almost seemed impervious to their presence . 
 i do n't understand , '' savannah said again . 
 `` why would he now choose to attack us ? 
 i do n't know . '' 
 his eyes flashed red . 
 `` but i 'm going to find out . 
 chapter 17 i am not afraid . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , december 30 , 1068 . 
 savannah could feel his gaze upon her . 
 silent . 
 watchful . 
 she could feel the vampire , but she could n't see him . 
 he was hidden in the shadows , hidden in the night . 
 i feel him , too . 
 he 's close . 
 very close . 
 savannah glanced quickly at william 's impassive face . 
 they 'd searched the village , gone down every street and alley , but still they had n't found the mysterious vampire . 
 why does n't he attack ? 
 what is he waiting for ? 
 she heard the rustle of leaves , blowing gently against the cobble stone lane . 
 he 's biding his time , william answered . 
 waiting for the perfect moment . 
 two drunken teens staggered out of a house , laughing and talking loudly . 
 they saw william and froze , fear widening their eyes . 
 go , '' he ordered with a wave of his hand . 
 `` get out of here . 
 now . 
 they ran . 
 fools , '' he muttered . 
 savannah ignored the boys as they brushed past her . 
 she paced down the street , her gaze searching the shadows . 
 the moon hung heavily in the sky . 
 in a few more hours , the sun would rise . 
 her body felt numb with exhaustion . 
 the blood she 'd taken from william had healed most of her injuries , but now , she felt a deep weariness . 
 she just wanted to close her eyes and sleep , to dream . 
 she did n't want to see visions of death , pain and horror . 
 she did n't want any more nightmares . 
 she just wanted to dream . 
 and of what do you dream , my dear ? '' 
 his voice whispered from the darkness . 
 savannah stiffened . 
 she 'd lowered her guard , given into the exhaustion , and now he was standing in front of her , his eyes gleaming red , his fangs sharp and white . 
 william . 
 he 's here ! 
 he smiled , stepping forward into the dim street light . 
 he was tall , with muscled arms and strong shoulders . 
 his hair , a light blond mane , curled loosely around his head . 
 he looked like an angel . 
 a fallen angel . 
 who are you ? '' 
 savannah asked , boldly meeting his stare . 
 he blinked . 
 the red vanished , replaced by a bright blue . 
 `` i asked my question first . 
 savannah ! '' 
 william was at her side in an instant . 
 his fingers locked around her arm . 
 the stranger tensed . 
 dear god ... '' william looked as if he 'd just seen a ghost . 
 she could feel his fingers trembling against her . 
 understanding hit savannah in a blinding flash . 
 william recognized the vampire , but did he know the vampire as a friend ... or as an enemy ? 
 savannah was n't going to take any chances . 
 she glanced quickly around the dark street . 
 what could she-there ! 
 an old wooden sign , just a few feet away . 
 she grabbed it , snapping the wood over her knee in one quick move . 
 her fingers wrapped around one of the pieces , the longest , sharpest piece that she saw . 
 it was n't much of a weapon , but it would have to do . 
 she stepped in front of william and lifted the makeshift stake . 
 `` i do n't know who you are , but - he 's my brother , '' william said , his voice hollow . 
 savannah blinked . 
 just how many brothers did william have running around the countryside ? 
 the vampire smiled . 
 `` it 's been a long time . '' 
 he stepped forward , and savannah leapt at him , thrusting the stake at his heart . 
 he froze . 
 the stake hovered an inch away from his flesh . 
 do n't move , '' she ordered , her voice soft . 
 savannah . '' 
 william still sounded shaken . 
 `` it 's all right . 
 he 's not a threat to us . 
 are you sure ? 
 she made no move to drop the weapon . 
 i would never hurt william . 
 he 's my brother ! '' 
 the vampire seemed offended . 
 yeah , well , geoffrey was his brother , too , and he spent his life trying to hurt william and anyone else that he could . 
 i know , '' he said quietly . 
 `` he left me for dead centuries ago . 
 left him for dead ? 
 could this be - ? 
 no , impossible . 
 henry was dead , was n't he ? 
 no , i 'm quite alive . 
 savannah 's eyes narrowed . 
 she did n't like it when william read her thoughts . 
 she sure as hell did n't want some stranger jumping into her mind . 
 `` and how is it , exactly , that you survived ? '' 
 she was n't ready to trust this guy , not yet . 
 she was n't going to put william 's life at risk . 
 he stared at william . 
 `` i was hoping you could answer that . 
 what ? 
 henry shrugged . 
 `` i do n't remember much about those hellish days before my transformation . 
 i remember the pain , the blood . 
 but not a damn lot more . 
 the last thing i remember ... i was attacked . '' 
 his jaw clenched . 
 `` geoffrey , that bastard , came to the tower . 
 i thought he was there to help me , to free me . 
 then i saw guy 's sword . 
 i saw the blood still dripping on the blade , and i knew he was there to kill me . 
 but why ? 
 why would he attack you ? '' 
 william shook his head . 
 `` you were the only one he ever seemed to care about ! 
 he cared for power , for strength . 
 but he did n't care for me . 
 he did n't care for anyone . '' 
 bleak words that rang with the harsh sound of truth . 
 what happened after the attack ? '' 
 savannah asked , never moving the stake . 
 i held on . 
 i knew that william was coming . 
 he 'd given his word . 
 william always keeps his word . 
 yes , he did , savannah thought . 
 he 'd promised her vengeance , and he 'd kept his promise , even though the vow had almost cost william his life . 
 i remember seeing you , '' he said , his gaze fixed on william 's face . 
 `` you came to the tower . 
 you told me to fight , to hold on . 
 but then i heard the soldiers ... '' he took a deep breath . 
 `` i saw them surround you . 
 there were at least a dozen of them . 
 i tried to help . 
 believe me , i tried ! 
 but i was weak , too weak . 
 and one of them ran me through with his sword . 
 his story matched exactly with william 's . 
 savannah slowly lowered the stake . 
 the next thing i remember was waking up in the cave . 
 i do n't know how much time had passed . 
 it could have been days or even weeks . 
 i did n't know how i 'd gotten there . 
 i did n't know if you were alive or dead . 
 i would n't have left you there if i 'd known ! '' 
 william 's eyes blazed . 
 `` i stayed in that cave with you for hours , praying for you to wake . 
 but you did n't move . 
 i thought i 'd waited too long , that the transformation had n't worked . '' 
 softer , `` that i 'd killed you . 
 no , brother . 
 you did n't kill me . 
 you saved me . 
 she could feel william 's pain . 
 hear it in his voice as he said , `` you were alone . 
 you had to learn to survive on your own . 
 henry lifted one brow . 
 `` as you did . 
 i was supposed to protect you , '' william whispered . 
 `` but i just left you - no ! '' 
 he took a step forward . 
 `` do you think i do n't know what you did ? 
 you went to the vampire to save my life . 
 you knew what would happen to you when you went to him . 
 you knew the price you 'd pay . 
 but you did it anyway . 
 you traded your life for mine . 
 i could n't just stand by and let guy torture you . '' 
 william 's hands clenched . 
 you always protected me , william . 
 even when we were small lads , i knew i could always count on you . 
 i left you alone , '' william groaned . 
 `` for nine hundred years ... i 've been searching for you , '' henry admitted . 
 `` i did n't know for certain that you were alive . 
 my last memory was seeing you surrounded by those guards . 
 i did n't know if they killed you , or if you 'd survived . 
 i hoped that you 'd survived . 
 and i held on to that hope for many dark nights . 
 i left normandy , '' william admitted . 
 `` i wanted to get away from all of the blood and death that seemed to surround me . 
 he 'd wanted to get away from his past , savannah realized . 
 he 'd wanted a fresh start , a new life . 
 `` but geoffrey followed you and he started killing , '' savannah said . 
 `` and you realized that you could n't get away from him . 
 no . 
 i could never get away from geoffrey . 
 so i started hunting him . 
 i wanted the nightmare to end . 
 i wanted the murders to stop . '' 
 he shook his head sadly . 
 `` but he always eluded me . 
 and left a trail of blood for william to follow . 
 i hunted him , too . '' 
 henry admitted . 
 `` he 'd attacked me . 
 i wanted him to pay . 
 so when i saw him on the cliffs ... '' his eyes flashed red . 
 `` i wanted to kill him . 
 to make him pay for everything that he 'd done to me . 
 for every innocent life that he 'd taken . 
 for every life that he 'd destroyed . 
 it 's over now . '' 
 savannah dropped the stake to the ground and locked her fingers with william 's . 
 `` he ca n't hurt us anymore . 
 he ca n't hurt anyone . '' 
 the nightmare had finally ended . 
 the two men stared at each other . 
 both were tall , strong and , savannah sensed , afraid . 
 they had both suffered so much pain , so much tragedy . 
 it was time to heal the wounds of the past . 
 it was time for a new beginning . 
 she kept her right hand locked around william 's . 
 her left hand reached out to henry . 
 `` my name is savannah daniels . 
 it is a pleasure to meet you , henry de montfort . 
 he blinked , staring down at her hand . 
 his fingers lifted slowly , clasping lightly around hers . 
 she smiled . 
 `` i feel as if i already know you , '' she murmured . 
 he frowned . 
 i read your diary . '' 
 she looked back at william . 
 `` actually , it was your diary that led me to william . '' 
 she could still remember how frightened she 'd been on her way to that first meeting . 
 but then she 'd seen william . 
 `` so i guess you could say that i am in your debt . 
 no . 
 you brought my brother back to me . 
 it is i who owe you . 
 i ca n't believe - '' william stopped , and then he stepped forward , embracing henry . 
 savannah felt her eyes well with tears at the sight . 
 william had been alone for so very long . 
 walking the earth endlessly . 
 always alone . 
 he would never be alone again . 
 it 's been too long , '' henry said . 
 william stepped back . 
 `` yes . 
 i 'm sure you guys have a lot of catching up to do . '' 
 nine hundred years worth , savannah thought . 
 maybe she should give them some privacy . 
 no . 
 stay with me . 
 she rubbed william 's arm lightly . 
 `` is there someplace that we can go ? 
 someplace where we can talk ? 
 henry spoke quickly . 
 `` i have a cottage nearby . 
 it 's safe . 
 we could go there . 
 william nodded . 
 show us the way , '' savannah murmured . 
 * * * * so , is she your mate ? 
 william pulled his gaze from the crackling fire and stared at his brother . 
 henry . 
 it still did n't seem real . 
 henry was alive . 
 he looked the same . 
 the same blond hair . 
 the same laughing blue eyes . 
 the same slow smile . 
 but william could feel the differences in his brother . 
 he could feel the echoes of pain . 
 of rage . 
 he could also feel henry 's strength . 
 his power . 
 henry did n't need anyone to protect him now . 
 no , '' henry murmured , reading his thoughts . 
 `` i can protect myself . '' 
 his lips curved slightly , revealing the tips of his fangs . 
 `` but you did n't answer my question , brother . 
 is she your mate ? 
 savannah had slipped from the room moments before . 
 she 'd sensed the rising sun and had gone to prepare for the sleep that would come . 
 like william 's home in the mountains , the cottage was equipped with a series of underground rooms and tunnels . 
 henry had asked them to stay and sleep in one of the many rooms . 
 william knew that savannah had left to give him a few moments alone with henry and that she would be waiting for him when he returned to the room . 
 waiting for him with her gentle smile and her mysterious eyes . 
 the first time i saw her , '' he recalled , `` she asked me to kill her . 
 what ? 
 geoffrey killed her brother and her sister-in-law . 
 and he was stalking her . 
 she wanted to find geoffrey , to fight him . '' 
 he sighed , remembering his first sight of savannah . 
 `` she was dying . 
 and she knew she was n't strong enough to defeat geoffrey on her own . 
 so she turned to you . '' 
 henry whistled softly . 
 `` brave one , is n't she ? '' 
 he rubbed his chest lightly , as if he could still feel the stake that she 'd pushed against his heart . 
 william 's lips curved . 
 `` she 's the bravest woman i 've ever met . 
 so she is your mate . 
 his smile disappeared . 
 `` no . 
 i forced her to stay with me . 
 i told her that i would only transform her if she promised to be my companion . 
 henry stilled . 
 `` that is n't like you . 
 i know . 
 but i wanted her so badly that i would have said anything , done anything , to have her . '' 
 he would have traded his soul for a moment in her arms . 
 you love her . 
 william blinked . 
 `` of course . '' 
 there had never been any question in his mind . 
 he 'd loved her from the moment his door had opened and he 'd seen her standing in the entranceway . 
 `` but i have to let her go . 
 what ? 
 i have to let her go . '' 
 william could actually feel the pain that lanced through his body at the thought of living without her . 
 but there was no choice . 
 `` i ca n't force her to stay with me . '' 
 he loved her too much . 
 `` geoffrey nearly destroyed her . 
 he 's gone now . 
 she can start her life again . 
 she can be happy . 
 and you do n't think she 'll want to stay with you ? 
 his heart pounded . 
 `` i wish she would . '' 
 he clenched his hands . 
 `` but why would she ? 
 maybe because she loves you , too . 
 for a moment , hope swept through him . 
 then he closed his eyes . 
 no , savannah did n't love him . 
 she could n't love him . 
 geoffrey had made her life hell , and he 'd treated her little better . 
 he should never have forced her into that ridiculous bargain . 
 he 'd just wanted her so much ... she cares for you , brother . 
 when she looks at you , i see it in her eyes . 
 she 's grateful to me , '' he muttered . 
 he did n't want her gratitude . 
 he wanted her love . 
 will you tell her how you feel ? 
 would he ? 
 did he dare ? 
 it was almost laughable really . 
 he was an immortal , with immense physical and psychic strength , but he was afraid to tell one small woman how he felt . 
 the sun 's coming . 
 we should seek our rest . '' 
 henry rose and crossed the room . 
 he paused in the entranceway , his back to william . 
 `` tell her . 
 do n't let her walk out of your life without telling her how you feel . 
 you 'll regret it if you do . 
 william frowned . 
 `` are you speaking from experience ? 
 henry glanced back , a sad smile twisting his lips . 
 `` i 've been alone since that day in the cave . 
 i do n't even know if i can love a woman . 
 my heart feels dead . 
 it 's felt that way for nine hundred years . 
 but i tell you this , if a woman looked at me the way that your savannah looks at you ... '' he took a deep breath . 
 `` there is no way i 'd ever let her walk out of my life . 
 i would do whatever was necessary to keep her with me , forever . '' 
 he walked out of the room . 
 * * * * she dreamt of william . 
 they were walking in the moonlight , their hands entwined . 
 they were on a beach , an endless stretch of sand . 
 the waves washed gently onto the shore , lightly caressing her feet . 
 it 's so beautiful here , '' she murmured , feeling strangely at peace . 
 william stopped walking and turned to face her . 
 `` yes , beautiful . 
 she shivered , sensing that he was talking about her , and not the beauty of the land and sea . 
 he lifted his hand and caressed her cheek . 
 his eyes looked so incredibly sad . 
 what 's wrong ? 
 his face tensed . 
 `` we ca n't stay here . 
 why not ? '' 
 everything was perfect . 
 she wanted to stay here forever . 
 with william . 
 i ca n't stay here . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` i do n't belong here . 
 i do n't belong with you . 
 what was he saying ? 
 her heart thumped in fear . 
 `` of course you do ! 
 we belong together ! 
 we agreed - he smiled , and the sight tore at her heart . 
 `` the nightmare is over now . 
 you 're free . 
 he began to melt away . 
 no ! '' 
 she grabbed him , and for just an instant , her fingers seemed to slip right through his body . 
 `` no ! 
 you ca n't leave me ! 
 his body shimmered . 
 `` kiss me once more , '' he pleaded . 
 `` just once so that i can remember ... the waves were louder now , crashing against the shore . 
 pounding against her feet . 
 clouds swept over the moon , over the stars , completely obliterating the night sky . 
 she grabbed william , holding on with all of her strength . 
 she was n't going to let him go . 
 she kissed him . 
 and he vanished . 
 * * * * william ! '' 
 she screamed his name with the first breath that she took . 
 she glanced around the room , terrified that he would be gone . 
 but he was there , standing , shirtless , beside the bed , his black gaze intense . 
 a sigh of relief swept through her . 
 she jumped from the bed , wrapping her arms around him . 
 he felt so warm , so solid . 
 so real . 
 his arms held her close , cradling her against his broad chest . 
 her fear vanished . 
 she was with william . 
 they were together , as they were meant to be . 
 i dreamed about you , '' she whispered softly . 
 had it been a dream ? 
 or a nightmare ? 
 `` at first , it was so perfect . 
 but then you disappeared . 
 you left me , and i was all alone on this deserted beach . 
 she felt him stiffen against her . 
 his arms lifted , pushing her body away from his . 
 she frowned . 
 `` william ? 
 his gaze drifted slowly over her face , almost as if he were memorizing her . 
 `` you are so beautiful , '' he said , his voice almost reverent . 
 a chill swept over her . 
 why did it feel like he was about to tell her good-bye ? 
 she pressed her lips against his , needing his kiss , his passion , to banish the fear that lingered within her . 
 `` make love to me . 
 she could see the struggle on his face . 
 could see the pain and the hunger . 
 william ? 
 just once more ... the thought whispered through her mind . 
 a memory from the dream ? 
 william pushed her back on the bed , his body pressing her into the soft mattress , and she could think no more . 
 his mouth fed on hers , his tongue sliding past her lips . 
 his hands were touching her , caressing her stomach , her br ** sts . 
 he jerked her shirt over her head , flinging it across the room . 
 his head lowered , and she could feel his breath against her skin . 
 then his mouth was there . 
 teasing , sucking the flesh that ached for him . 
 her ni ** les tightened , straining into peaks . 
 he licked her , swirling his tongue around first one nipple , then showing the same careful attention to the other . 
 her fingers slid down his back , her nails lightly scraping his skin . 
 she arched into his touch , pressing her hips against his . 
 why ca n't i get enough of you ? '' 
 he whispered . 
 `` i need you . 
 i hunger for you ... '' he kissed her again , his tongue thrusting deep . 
 his fingers were sliding down her pants and easing beneath the elastic of her underwear . 
 he touched her lightly , his fingers stirring her hunger all the more . 
 she touched his nipple with her tongue , feeling it tighten instantly . 
 she licked him , flicking her tongue delicately over his sensitive skin . 
 she heard him inhale sharply . 
 then he jerked her panties down , tossing them out of the way . 
 i ca n't wait , '' he growled . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i ca n't ! '' 
 he tore off his jeans . 
 she could see his arousal . 
 strong . 
 hot . 
 hard . 
 no , he could n't wait . 
 neither could she . 
 she parted her thighs , moving eagerly to accommodate him . 
 she could feel the tip of his erection pressing against her . 
 she pushed her hips , rubbing against his heat . 
 he snarled and thrust deep . 
 savannah gasped , pleasure biting into her . 
 she could feel her climax already mounting , rushing toward her , and she wrapped her legs around him , her hips straining to meet the thrust of his . 
 his mouth settled hungrily over her breast , licking , biting . 
 his fingers slid down into the curling thatch of hair at the juncture of her thighs . 
 and he rubbed her , lightly . 
 and he thrust . 
 hard . 
 she screamed , her release shattering her . 
 fire burned through her body , waves of ecstasy pouring through her blood . 
 william 's arms clenched around her , holding her tightly . 
 he thrust again . 
 deeper . 
 harder . 
 she could see the edge of his teeth . 
 see the red flames in his eyes . 
 savannah ! 
 she felt the climax that ripped through him . 
 and she shuddered , feeling a second wave of release push through her body . 
 they clung to one another , riding the crest of pleasure . 
 she could feel his heart pounding against her , could feel the heat of his body burning her . 
 and , in that unguarded instant , she was closer to him than she 'd ever been before . 
 bound by their psychic link , she was close enough to actually hear his thoughts . 
 her breath caught . 
 pain lanced through her . 
 she pushed against his shoulders , angrily shoving his body off hers . 
 `` you bastard ! 
 you 're planning to leave me ! 
 chapter 18 i mourn for what might have been . 
 - entry from the diary of henry de montfort , december 31 , 1068 savannah ! '' 
 william tried to grab her , but she twisted away and jumped from the bed . 
 her body still ached from his touch . 
 but her heart had been broken by his thoughts . 
 she wrapped a sheet around her body , her furious gaze locked on him . 
 `` i heard your thoughts ! 
 i know what you 're going to do ! 
 pain flashed across his face and he reached for her . 
 no ! '' 
 she jumped back , shaking her head furiously . 
 `` do n't touch me ! '' 
 she would break apart if he did . 
 crumble into a thousand pieces . 
 `` just get dressed . '' 
 she could n't stand to stare at him , to see the incredible beauty of his body . 
 it was like a slap in her face . 
 his jaw clenched , but he grabbed his pants and slid them on with a quick , rough movement . 
 `` you do n't understand - what 's to understand ? '' 
 she felt like a fool . 
 an utter fool . 
 `` you wanted one more round of sex before you kicked me out of your life . 
 i think i understand that pretty well . '' 
 she wanted to cry , to scream with the pain of betrayal tearing through her . 
 they had been through so much together . 
 so much . 
 how could he do this to her ? 
 he closed his eyes . 
 his jaw clenched . 
 `` i knew i should have left before you woke . 
 but i needed you too much . '' 
 a sad smile twisted his lips . 
 `` i wanted to see you . 
 to see your eyes , your smile , just once more . 
 just once more . 
 the words flashed through her , sending a wave of unease through her heart . 
 she was missing something . 
 something was happening that she did n't understand . 
 she tried to read his thoughts again , to uncover his feelings , but she came up against a brick wall . 
 a wall that shut her out completely . 
 she walked toward him , her gaze narrow and intent . 
 she knew he was aware of her approach , but he did n't move . 
 william ? 
 he opened his eyes and stared down at her , looking sad . 
 we had a bargain , '' she whispered . 
 his hands fisted . 
 `` i never should have forced you into that agreement . 
 i never should have - forced her ? 
 savannah frowned . 
 `` what are you talking about ? 
 you did n't force me to do anything . '' 
 and he had n't . 
 she 'd entered into their bargain because she 'd wanted to . 
 because she 'd wanted him . 
 yes , i did . '' 
 he swallowed , and she could have sworn that for an instant , he actually looked haunted . 
 `` i said i would n't help you hunt geoffrey unless you agreed to my demands . 
 that i would n't transform you unless you became my mate . 
 you told me that i would have to stay with you forever , '' she whispered . 
 you do n't . '' 
 he took a deep breath . 
 `` geoffrey is dead . 
 you do n't have to worry about him ever again . 
 you can have your life back . 
 you can go anywhere you want . 
 do anything you want . 
 you can start fresh . 
 begin a new life . 
 without you . '' 
 the thought was horrifying . 
 he nodded . 
 she did n't understand . 
 `` you want me to leave you ? 
 he did n't answer . 
 he stared at her , his eyes blacker than the night . 
 why ? '' 
 she had to know . 
 she had to know why he was suddenly pushing her away . 
 moments passed in silence . 
 she did n't think he was going to answer . 
 that he was just going to continue staring at her . 
 because you deserve more , '' he said , and she could hear the agony in his voice . 
 her heart stopped beating . 
 what ? 
 you deserve happiness . 
 freedom . 
 you 've been through hell because of my brother . '' 
 he hesitated , and then said , `` because of me . 
 because of him ? 
 `` william , if it had n't been for you , i would be dead now ! 
 i would be in a cemetery somewhere with just mary mourning my passing . '' 
 did n't he understand ? 
 he 'd given her life back to her ! 
 geoffrey took your life away . 
 i forced you to change - she grabbed his arms , making him focus his attention on her . 
 `` i was dying , william . 
 the doctors were wrong . 
 i did n't have six months . 
 if you had n't changed me when you did , i would be dead . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i wanted you to change me . 
 i begged you to do it . 
 and i told you that i would give you the kiss only if you became my mate . '' 
 disgust was written on his face . 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` is that what this is about ? 
 i do n't want you to stay with me because i took away your choice . 
 but what if i choose to stay ? '' 
 she touched his cheek . 
 `` what if i want to stay with you ? 
 hunger flashed in his eyes . 
 need . 
 hope . 
 but then he stepped back . 
 stepped away from her touch , away from her . 
 `` geoffrey killed your brother and your sister-in-law , and he almost killed you . '' 
 he ran his hand over his face . 
 `` how can you stay with me , knowing what he did ? 
 because you 're not like him , '' she said simply , honestly . 
 `` you 're nothing like geoffrey . 
 after what i 've done to you , how can you say that ? 
 her temper snapped . 
 `` you have n't done anything to me ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 `` stop saying that ! 
 you did n't force me to do anything that i did n't want to do . 
 yes , you transformed me . 
 i begged you to do it ! 
 you saved my life when you gave me the kiss . 
 you helped me hunt geoffrey , your own brother . 
 you helped me stop him . 
 the bargain - oh , yes , the great bargain ! 
 let me tell you something , i did n't agree to that bargain just so i would gain my vengeance . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i knew you would help me stop geoffrey , whether i agreed or not . 
 you knew that the killing had to stop , and you would have helped me , regardless . 
 i know that . 
 what ? '' 
 he was stunned . 
 she punched her finger against his chest . 
 `` listen to me ! 
 i agreed to that bargain for one reason and one reason only . '' 
 she took a deep breath . 
 `` because i wanted you . 
 and i would have done anything to be with you . 
 he grabbed her arms , his fingers biting into her skin . 
 `` what are you saying ? 
 she stared into his blazing eyes . 
 `` i 'm saying i love you . '' 
 her words spilled furiously from her lips . 
 `` and i 'm saying that i wo n't let you just force me out of your life . 
 i wo n't ! 
 i know things have been hard , but it 's over now , and - you love me ? '' 
 he whispered , sounding dazed . 
 she nodded once . 
 savannah ! '' 
 his arms swept around her , almost crushing her . 
 he buried his face in her hair . 
 his body shuddered against hers . 
 william ? '' 
 her arms cradled him . 
 it was hard for her to breathe , but she did n't care . 
 hope flared in her breast . 
 i wanted you to be free , '' he said softly . 
 `` free from the past , free to start a new life . 
 when i 'm with you , i 'm free . 
 do n't you understand that ? 
 he pulled back , staring down at her . 
 `` this is your last chance , because i do n't think i 'll ever be able to let you go again . 
 i do n't want you to let me go . 
 i want you to hold me , to love me , forever . 
 he swallowed and the hand he lifted to caress her cheek trembled . 
 do you love me ? '' 
 she asked him , gazing solemnly into his dark eyes . 
 more than anything . '' 
 his thumb brushed across her lips . 
 `` from the first moment that i saw you , i knew that you were the one . 
 the only one that i would love . 
 you knew from the beginning ? '' 
 she was shocked . 
 i knew when i looked into your green eyes . 
 i tried to send you away because i was trying to protect you . '' 
 his lips curved in a sardonic smile . 
 `` i was trying to protect you from me . 
 she could n't believe it . 
 william loved her ? 
 he actually loved her ? 
 `` why did n't you say something sooner ? 
 why were you just going to walk away from me ? 
 he kissed her lightly . 
 `` fear . 
 pure , unadulterated fear . 
 william , the ancient vampire , had been afraid of her ? 
 yes , '' he said . 
 `` because if i admitted my love , and you turned away ... '' a bleak look entered his eyes . 
 `` there would be no hope for me . 
 i would never turn away from you . 
 william stared down at savannah , overcome with emotion . 
 he could hardly believe what was happening . 
 she loved him . 
 she really loved him . 
 and she did n't want to leave . 
 she wanted to stay with him , forever . 
 you 're not going to be alone anymore , '' she said , seeming to read his thoughts . 
 `` we 'll be together . 
 forever . 
 every moon-filled night would be spent with savannah . 
 he would have her warmth , her laughter , her passion . 
 she would be his . 
 his mate . 
 his love . 
 for eternity . 
 i ca n't believe you were going to send me away . '' 
 she frowned at him . 
 i thought i was doing the right thing , even though the thought of living without you nearly tore me apart . 
 being with you is the only right thing for me . 
 you know that , do n't you ? '' 
 she asked , her voice soft . 
 and , staring into her beautiful green eyes , he finally understood . 
 her love was a rich pool , glistening and pure . 
 endless . 
 he could feel her love , feel the waves of it emanating from her mind , from her heart . 
 she opened her thoughts to him freely , letting him know , letting him see , how she truly felt . 
 and he was humbled . 
 humbled by the strength of her love . 
 and awed . 
 she loved him . 
 she truly loved him . 
 she loved the monster . 
 she loved the man . 
 i love you , '' she said . 
 `` all of you . 
 he smiled . 
 he had given savannah the dark gift , the kiss of the vampire , but she had given him something far more precious . 
 she had given him love , and it would last forever . 
 epilogue i no longer fear the darkness . 
 - entry from the diary of savannah daniels de montfort , january 1 , 2005 . 
 savannah stared down at her brother 's grave , a dozen red roses clutched in her hands . 
 it 's over now , mark , '' she whispered . 
 `` he wo n't hurt anyone else . 
 the wind moaned softly in the night . 
 the nightmare 's over . 
 she placed the roses on his headstone , touching the cold stone with a gentle fingertip . 
 `` may you find your peace . '' 
 as i have found mine . 
 she stood , wiping a tear from her cheek . 
 she turned and saw william standing in the shadows , waiting for her . 
 she walked toward him , needing his warmth to ward off the night 's cold chill . 
 his arms wrapped around her , pulling her against his chest . 
 as always , he felt so good against her . 
 so right . 
 yes , the nightmare was over . 
 it was time for a new beginning . 
 a new life . 
 a life that she would spend with william . 
 she glanced back over her shoulder , staring at her brother 's grave . 
 good-bye , mark . 
 and on the whisper of the wind , she 'd have sworn she heard her brother say , good-bye , savannah . 
