 chapter one playing babysitter to some rich , overindulged society debutante was n't exactly eod agent cale lane 's idea of a good time . 
 give him a dense jungle , the furious blast of gunfire and the adrenaline spike of a deadly mission any day of the week , but stick him in a stuffy ballroom like this - this too-posh place might as well be hell to him . 
 but , no , it was n't hell-it was carnival . 
 elaborate decorations streamed from the ceiling in bursts of gold , green and purple . 
 the tables were covered , decked out , and the band played on a stage that shimmered with light . 
 from his perch near the back wall , cale shifted slightly in his tux . 
 he was supposed to be blending in with everyone else , and he was trying his best . 
 blending was normally a specialty for him . 
 he was used to being camouflaged on missions , but most missions were n't like this one . 
 cassidy sherridan . 
 his eyes narrowed on the sleek blonde . 
 the far-too-attractive , far-too-tempting cassidy . 
 he 'd been sent down to rio de janeiro with the express orders to watch cassidy . 
 and that was exactly what he 'd been doing for the past five torturous days . 
 she looked up , then , her dark green eyes catching his gaze on her . 
 for an instant , he thought tension might have tightened her delicate jaw , but then she smiled that slow , flirtatious smile that revealed the dimple in her right cheek . 
 she started walking toward him . 
 not that the woman walked so much as glided , and he had to admit she was sexy when she walked . 
 no , cassidy was sexy-period . 
 the slit in her emerald dress parted , revealing legs that probably could have graced a runway someplace . 
 her heels were high , vicious spikes , her dress was strapless , fitting her like a silken glove , and cassidy ... she 's the mission . 
 he could n't let himself forget that . 
 he had n't been swayed by a pretty face before , and he was n't going to start losing his cool now . 
 cassidy held a champagne flute in one delicate hand . 
 she nodded her head to a few people as she passed by them and said a couple of polite words while keeping her perfect smile in place . 
 some of the other guests were decked out in their carnival masks . 
 the celebration was going full swing in rio . 
 earlier , cassidy had even worn a small , delicate eye-mask . 
 the mask was gone now . 
 and she was right in front of him . 
 still smiling faintly , she said , `` you know , it would probably help things considerably if you stopped looking as if you were being tortured as you stood over here . '' 
 he 'd been tortured a few times . 
 memories that he did n't want to relive , right then . 
 `` it 's a party , '' she continued in that husky voice that reminded him too much of dark bedrooms . 
 `` not a prison . '' 
 what would she know of prison ? 
 or torture ? 
 cale cocked a brow and let his gaze sweep over her . 
 cassidy sherridan was a mystery to him . 
 a gorgeous , too-fancy mystery . 
 her blond hair was swept back in a twist , the style accentuating her high cheekbones and those deep green eyes that made him think of things a soldier should not be thinking about . 
 her nose was delicate , her chin a little too pointed . 
 her skin was flawless , golden , and she - she was trying to distract him . 
 `` do n't you have admirers to entertain ? '' 
 he asked , his voice a rough growl , one that was a direct contrast to the softness of cassidy 's voice . 
 she laughed lightly . 
 `` and here i believed that i was entertaining an admirer . 
 the way you 've been staring at me all night ... actually , for the past few days , it made me think that i did have an admirer in you . '' 
 now it was her turn to study him . 
 her gaze sharpened . 
 `` why have you been following me ? '' 
 her scent , light , sweet , seemed to fill the air around them . 
 `` sorry , ma'am , '' he drawled , letting his texas accent slip out deliberately . 
 he 'd long ago learned how to ditch and retrieve that accent at will . 
 `` but i think you have me confused with someone else . '' 
 cassidy shook her head . 
 `` no , i think it would be very hard to confuse a man like you with anyone else . '' 
 her smile was still in place , but a brittle edge had entered her voice . 
 then , surprising him , she stepped forward . 
 her arms came up , as if she were hugging him , and he responded instinctively , wrapping his own arms around her . 
 cassidy 's body was slender and warm against his . 
 because of her high heels and the fact that cassidy 's own height skirted just above five foot eleven , their mouths were close . 
 temptingly close . 
 but she did n't kiss him . 
 she pushed up onto her toes . 
 her mouth slipped toward his left ear , and she whispered , `` stop tailing me before you ruin everything . '' 
 he stiffened at her words and at the sudden hard jolt of arousal that knifed through him . 
 her breath blew lightly against his ear . 
 his fingers tightened around her waist . 
 to onlookers , cale knew it would appear that they were embracing but , holding her this tightly , he felt the hard tension in cassidy 's body . 
 cassidy sherridan was furious with him . 
 `` i do n't care who sent you . '' 
 she whispered the words . 
 he felt her lips press lightly against his ear . 
 his body hardened . 
 then she said , `` the last thing i need is an eod agent in my way . '' 
 an eod agent . 
 she did realize who-what-he was , and that was some very surprising news , mostly because there were only a few people in the world with enough clearance to know about the elite operations division . 
 according to the u.s. government , the eod did n't exist . 
 not officially , anyway . 
 the elite operations division operated far below the radar . 
 the eod agents had all been hand selected by bruce mercer , the man who seemed to be the eod . 
 the agents went out on the most deadly missions . 
 they took the cases that others-in the official u.s. agencies-couldn ' t handle . 
 their very success and survival depended on the eod 's secrecy . 
 but this woman , who went to a series of parties , night after night , barely sliding into her hotel room past dawn , this woman with a dozen admirers always close to her , this woman who seemed to burn through ridiculous amounts of money in mere moments ... she knew about the eod ? 
 so much for secrecy . 
 her fingers pressed against his shoulders as cassidy leaned back to study him once more . 
 `` i did n't catch your name . '' 
 because he had n't given it to her . 
 `` but maybe that 's for the best , '' she added with a little nod . 
 `` since this is the end of our acquaintance . '' 
 no , it was n't even close to the end . 
 `` when i walk away in a moment , i expect you to do the same , '' cassidy told him . 
 the woman was giving him orders ? 
 almost cute . 
 `` head to the back door . 
 it 's ten feet on your right . 
 go down the stairs there . 
 that 's the entrance and exit used by the staff at this event . 
 none of the guests will notice when you leave . '' 
 ah , yes , she was giving him an order . 
 and it was n't as cute anymore . 
 `` i do n't want to see you again . '' 
 she was smiling as she said it , but her eyes had hardened . 
 `` do n't get in my way . '' 
 then she turned and walked away . 
 interesting . 
 his gaze slid over the slender column of her back . 
 far too much skin-such golden , perfect skin-was revealed by the plunging back of her gown . 
 she did n't look at him . 
 just headed over to a pretty redhead , and the two women immediately started talking , their voices seemingly happy and light . 
 cale realized that cassidy sherridan had just dismissed him . 
 he was n't the type of man to be dismissed . 
 when he had a mission , he executed that mission . 
 an angry debutante was n't about to get in his way . 
 cale glanced toward the exit she 'd indicated , then right back to her . 
 with a faint smile curving his lips , he started to stalk his prey . 
 * * * voices rose and fell around her , and cassidy tried hard to focus through the rumble-and to ignore the wild pounding of her heart . 
 he 's gone . 
 you 're in control . 
 you have this - `` um ... cassidy ? '' 
 her friend genevieve chevalier 's voice had dropped , so cassidy had to lean closer to hear her words in the crush of people . 
 `` who is that delectable man coming after you ? '' 
 a light french accent brushed her words . 
 cassidy blinked at her . 
 wait , had genevieve just said ... coming after ... ? 
 cassidy locked her back teeth even as she gave a smile , the same fake smile that she 'd grown used to offering people in the past year . 
 `` i 'm sure i do n't know who you 're talking about . '' 
 she laughed lightly . 
 `` but then , this room is full of delectable men . '' 
 not that she paid those men much notice . 
 ever since she 'd arrived at the charity ball , she 'd been totally focused on him . 
 she glanced over her shoulder , following genevieve 's gaze . 
 the man in question should have been heading toward the exit . 
 the stranger-the guy with the dark blue eyes , the hard jaw , the face that she found both dangerous and sexy-was striding toward her . 
 he was tall , around six foot three , with wide shoulders . 
 she 'd first noticed him three days ago-mostly because it was hard to ignore a man like him . 
 especially with that dark intensity that seemed to pulsate off him . 
 the day she 'd noticed him for the first time , they 'd been at another party , another glittering ballroom , one decked out in the familiar gold-and-purple colors of carnival . 
 he 'd been leaning against the back wall there , too , watching her . 
 but not with lust in his eyes , the way others sometimes did . 
 instead , cold calculation had filled his stare . 
 `` he seems very taken with you , '' genevieve murmured . 
 with an effort , she kept her smile in place . 
 he should have taken himself out of there . 
 like she could n't spot an eod agent a mile away . 
 deliberately , she looked away from him , making a point of giving the man her back . 
 take a hint . 
 the band started to play again , a slow , romantic tune , and some of the chatter quieted just as - a hand closed over her shoulder . 
 warm , strong , his . 
 every muscle in cassidy 's body tightened in response to that touch . 
 `` i want this dance . '' 
 his words were rough , a demand , certainly not the suave invitation that most of the men at this event would have offered her . 
 but , then , he was n't most men . 
 genevieve stood watching them , her golden eyes wide . 
 cassidy realized the stranger had n't given her much choice . 
 she could refuse , then genevieve-glorious gossip that she was-would want to know why . 
 the point had been to make the mysterious man vanish , not to pull him into her life even more . 
 he 'd obviously missed the point . 
 `` one dance , '' she agreed softly , inclining her head in what she hoped appeared to be a gracious move . 
 she 'd be sure he got the point this time . 
 cassidy turned toward him , tried to brace herself against the impact of staring right into those blue eyes of his . 
 but there was no bracing that would be good enough . 
 each time she looked into his eyes , her heart beat faster even as sensual awareness spiked through her . 
 handsome , he definitely was . 
 with those strong cheeks , that long blade of a nose and that chiseled jaw , the man certainly would catch the attention of most women . 
 he even had a cleft in his chin , a cleft that softened the roughened edge of his features and made him even more appealing . 
 his hand closed around hers as he led her onto the dance floor . 
 cassidy noticed that there were calluses on his fingers , and he was just so ... warm . 
 she swallowed and held her faint smile in place as they began to dance . 
 she tried to keep some precious distance between them but - he pulled her even closer . 
 annoying . 
 `` i told you to leave , '' she gritted out through her locked teeth . 
 his lips twitched . 
 `` um , you did . 
 but i decided that i wanted to stay . '' 
 he was moving easily , fluidly , a bit surprising for a man of his size . 
 a solider who knew how to dance-and dance well , she realized , as he gave her a little spin and dip . 
 her lips parted as she pulled in a quick breath . 
 then he was moving her again , leading her around the dance floor . 
 his gaze dropped to her mouth . 
 it seemed to heat . 
 `` i think - '' his voice was deep , rolling '' - that you owe me an explanation . '' 
 her brows climbed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she did n't owe him anything . 
 they did n't know each other . 
 as soon as the dance ended , their association would end , too . 
 `` tell me about the eod , '' he said . 
 cassidy realized that he 'd just used her trick . 
 when he 'd said those words , he 'd put his lips right next to her ear and whispered his demand . 
 only ... had his lips pressed lightly against her ear ? 
 it felt as if they had . 
 and his tongue . 
 had he ... licked her ? 
 she certainly had n't ... licked ... him . 
 had she ? 
 goose bumps rose on her arms . 
 `` i do n't need to tell you anything . '' 
 really , mercer had stooped to this level ? 
 sending a new babysitter after her ? 
 he 'd promised the last agent was it . 
 it looked like he 'd broken another promise . 
 same story , different day . 
 she should have expected this from him . 
 `` you think i work for something called the eod , '' the man told her . 
 she pulled back , staring up at him . 
 his hair was dark , thick , and her fingers were brushing against the nape of his neck . 
 why were her fingers doing that ? 
 she immediately flattened them against the back of his tux . 
 `` should n't you at least tell me what the eod is ? '' 
 he pressed . 
 cassidy sighed . 
 `` cut the act , okay ? 
 i 've seen your dossier picture . 
 i know you 're an agent . '' 
 that was how she 'd first recognized him at the other party . 
 she had a thing about faces . 
 once she saw one , she never forgot it . 
 actually , there were quite a few things that she could n't forget . 
 his jaw hardened just a bit . 
 `` well , i 'm at a disadvantage - '' `` yes , you are , '' she interrupted him , making sure that her voice stayed low so that none of the other dancers would overhear . 
 `` because you 've been sent down here for no reason . 
 i do n't need you . '' 
 the song ended . 
 thankfully . 
 blessedly . 
 she tried to pull away from him . 
 he did n't let her go . 
 `` are you sure about that ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yes , '' she hissed . 
 `` i 'm sure . 
 i 'm perfectly fine . 
 this place is safe - '' a scream cut through the ballroom . 
 at the high-pitched , desperate sound , everyone froze . 
 cassidy 's blood iced . 
 genevieve . 
 that had been her scream . 
 she knew genevieve 's scream . 
 cassidy 's gaze flew to the right as she looked for her friend . 
 there , near the staircase . 
 one glance and cassidy knew why her friend had screamed . 
 men in black-men wearing ski masks and armed with handguns-surrounded genevieve . 
 one man had a gun to her side . 
 the other three men were fanning out , advancing toward the unarmed guests . 
 `` anyone moves , '' the man holding genevieve shouted , `` i kill her . '' 
 no accent covered his words . 
 cassidy 's breath heaved in her lungs . 
 no , no , this could not be happening now . 
 it should n't be happening-not to genevieve ! 
 but it was happening . 
 she was staring at a nightmare straight from her past . 
 the armed men swept into the crowd . 
 and - `` cassidy sherridan ! '' 
 the man holding genevieve shouted . 
 `` we want her . '' 
 cassidy took a step forward . 
 only to be halted by the man who was quickly becoming the bane of her existence . 
 `` too bad , '' the eod agent whispered-a whisper that reached only cassidy 's ears . 
 `` because i 'm not letting them get you . '' 
 he did n't understand what was happening . 
 she did . 
 she was also more than ready to trade herself for genevieve . 
 so while everyone else was frozen , she jerked away from the agent and called out , `` you want me ? 
 i 'm right here . '' 
 the agent swore . 
 the masked man shoved genevieve away and began closing in on cassidy . 
 his gun was aimed dead center at her chest . 
 cassidy lifted her chin and waited . 
 only in the next second she was n't staring at the gun . 
 the eod agent had grabbed her and pushed her behind him . 
 no ! 
 `` do n't play hero , '' the masked man snarled . 
 `` it 's a surefire way to end up dead . '' 
 `` that 's a chance i 'll take , '' the agent drawled , letting his texas accent slip in once more as he pulled out his own weapon . 
 a gun she had n't even noticed when they 'd been dancing . 
 the men in masks inched closer as everyone else in the room started to rush for the doors . 
 so much for everyone freezing . 
 i 'm the one they want . 
 and if tall , dark and handsome had n't just tried to be a white knight , the gunmen would have gotten her . 
 the eod agent had just ruined her plans . 
 * * * `` four men , all armed , '' logan quinn murmured into his mouthpiece as he kept his eyes on the scene unfolding before him . 
 his fingers tightened around the binoculars . 
 he sure had n't been expecting the attack to be so public . 
 there were at least a hundred civilians in that ballroom . 
 some very well-connected civilians with pull in too many countries to count . 
 if the gunmen started firing ... we ca n't let that happen . 
 `` it 's time for us to go in , '' logan said , knowing that the man listening to his comm feed would be ready to attack . 
 gunner ortez was always ready . 
 now , if cale lane would just get the pretty blonde out of harm 's way , then the shadow agents could attack . 
 * * * `` there are four of us , '' the gunman growled , `` and only one of you . 
 it 's a bad night to play hero . '' 
 cale kept his weapon up and ready . 
 chaos surrounded him , and while most of the people were running for any exit they could find , cassidy had n't so much as budged an inch behind him . 
 the woman should have fled for safety . 
 she also should n't have offered herself up as a willing sacrifice . 
 they 'd deal with that part later . 
 after he got rid of the gunmen . 
 `` what makes you so sure i 'm alone ? '' 
 cale asked . 
 the ballroom , with all of its windows that looked out over the city-well , it sure allowed plenty of people the opportunity to look back in . 
 `` drop your weapons , '' cale ordered . 
 `` all of you-drop them while you still have the chance . '' 
 laughter . 
 he 'd expected that . 
 they 'd foolishly think that he was bluffing . 
 they 'd find out , too late , that he was n't . 
 the laughter died away . 
 the guy 's finger began to tighten around the trigger as he took aim at cale . 
 `` mister , you 're dead . '' 
 no , he was n't . 
 cale shot his own weapon , firing right at the man in black . 
 the two shots blasted almost simultaneously . 
 more screams . 
 more shouts . 
 more chaos . 
 cale grabbed cassidy and rushed toward the exit-the back door that she 'd tried to get him to take earlier . 
 the gunman 's bullet had grazed his side , barely scraping him , while his own had sunk into the man 's right shoulder . 
 aiming would n't be so easy for the guy now . 
 `` no ! '' 
 cassidy yelled as she dug in her heels . 
 `` stop ! 
 i ca n't leave ! '' 
 yes , she could . 
 staying was n't an option for her . 
 his mission-his assigned duty-was to protect her . 
 when she tried to break free of his grip and run back toward the gunman , cale just held her tighter . 
 then he lifted her over his shoulder . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she kicked him , hard , her heels coming close to his new wound . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 why ? 
 hell , the woman must have a death wish . 
 figured . 
 gunfire exploded . 
 rat-a-tat . 
 ah , the sound he was so familiar with ... only they were n't in a jungle , and the civilians were n't safe . 
 i need cover , here ... come on ... come on ... his team was out there , lurking in the shadows . 
 an eod agent did n't head into a mission without support , even a strange mission like this one . 
 logan quinn and gunner ortez were out there . 
 they would have his back , they would - logan burst into the ballroom . 
 he did n't fire his weapon . 
 logan just launched right at one of the masked men . 
 as he hesitated at the staff exit , cale 's gaze swept the room . 
 another masked man was aiming his gun at the redhead , the woman who 'd been talking with cassidy earlier . 
 the man looked like he was about to kill her - but a bullet hit him instead . 
 a bullet that had n't come from inside the ballroom . 
 instead , it had burst through the window on the far left , shattering the glass . 
 cale knew exactly who 'd fired the shot . 
 gunner . 
 the ex-seal sniper never missed a target . 
 his cover was there . 
 now , time to get the lady out . 
 cale kicked out with his foot , throwing open the exit . 
 others had already started down the narrow staircase . 
 cassidy was screaming . 
 yeah , what a way to show her appreciation . 
 hell was breaking loose behind them . 
 he just needed to get her to safety , then he could go back and help gunner and logan contain the scene . 
 he made it down to the first floor , easily holding his struggling captive . 
 as soon as he stepped out of the stairwell , cale saw security guards rushing forward . 
 better late than never , huh ? 
 at least they 'd finally decided to join the party . 
 he thrust cassidy at one of them . 
 `` take care of her ! '' 
 cassidy yanked free . 
 `` i do n't need taking care of ! '' 
 her hair had come loose . 
 it tumbled around her shoulders . 
 with her flushed cheeks , glittering eyes and that wild mane of hair , she did n't look so ice-princess perfect anymore . 
 it grated but ... she was even more beautiful that way . 
 the guard who 'd held cassidy for all of three seconds started stuttering . 
 cale ignored him and leaned in close to cassidy . 
 `` if you want to keep living , you 'll stay down here . 
 stay with the guards , and i 'll take care of the men upstairs . '' 
 only ... was that smoke coming from upstairs ? 
 hell , it was . 
 and when he strained , he could hear the crackle of flames . 
 the stampede for the main door became even wilder as everyone caught the scent in the air . 
 the security guards did n't stay to help cassidy . 
 they fled . 
 everyone fled . 
 everyone but cale . 
 and cassidy . 
 actually , that crazy woman tried to go back up the stairs . 
 he caught her arm and yanked her against him . 
 death wish . 
 he pulled out the small transmitter that would connect him to the other agents . 
 `` what the hell is going on up there ? '' 
 cale demanded . 
 `` leave the scene , '' logan 's voice immediately blasted back . 
 `` two attackers are dead . 
 the others retreated but left a fire in their wake . '' 
 not the news he wanted to hear . 
 cassidy kept trying to run for the stairs . 
 the woman was trying to drive him insane . 
 `` come on ! '' 
 he locked his arm around her stomach and pulled her back against him . 
 `` no ! 
 my friend is up there ! 
 genevieve ! 
 gen - '' other people were rushing down the service stairs . 
 they were about to be crushed . 
 he could hear sirens blasting . 
 more help , coming as quickly as they could . 
 `` ballroom is clear , '' logan barked . 
 `` get the target out . '' 
 when the team leader gave an order , you did n't question him . 
 cale picked cassidy up into his arms and carried her out . 
 `` no ! '' 
 cassidy yelled . 
 `` genevieve , i need - '' `` she 's clear ! '' 
 they were outside . 
 fresh air hit him . 
 he glanced back . 
 saw the flash of flames in the upstairs windows . 
 and ... saw the shadow of a man dropping down the side of the building . 
 logan . 
 rappelling down . 
 had the gunmen used the same method of escape ? 
 and why had they targeted - `` cassidy ! '' 
 when he heard the cry , cale 's hold tightened on cassidy . 
 but the woman calling her-that was the redhead . 
 cassidy 's friend . 
 `` genevieve ? '' 
 cassidy whispered , voice breaking with hope . 
 cale 's gaze swept the scene . 
 men and women in their fancy gowns and their tuxes now stood , shaken , in the shadows , as they stared up at the burning building . 
 a night of fun , now a night of fear . 
 `` let me go , '' cassidy told him . 
 `` please . '' 
 he eased her to her feet . 
 she 'd lost her high heels someplace , and her bare feet pressed into the cement . 
 cale stared into her eyes . 
 he was n't letting her go . 
 not really . 
 but for now , he would let her walk away . 
 cassidy turned from him . 
 she hurried away . 
 her hands locked around her friend as she held genevieve tight . 
 genevieve was talking quickly in french . 
 since he spoke french as easily as he did english , cale understood her words and her frantic fear that mort had almost taken them both . 
 but , no , cale had n't been about to let death get close to cassidy . 
 he eased back from the scene , keeping cassidy in his sights . 
 more of the local authorities arrived , rushing frantically to the rescue . 
 with carnival in swing , this was the last thing that the powers-that-be in rio would want . 
 an attack on wealthy tourists ? 
 no way would they want that bit of info leaking to the media . 
 medics were checking out the shaken men and women . 
 logan was in the shadows , scanning the area . 
 cale saw him , but he doubted that anyone else noticed the other agent . 
 they were all too busy dealing with the fear and the fire . 
 a fire that was still spreading . 
 still slowly destroying the historic building . 
 the gunmen had seemingly vanished . 
 they 'd come for cassidy ... would they try to return for her ? 
 his hand clenched as he remembered her walking toward the masked man . 
 yes , he realized , they would come for her , but he would make absolutely sure that they 'd find him standing in their way . 
 cassidy looked up , then , and her gaze met his . 
 so much emotion was in her eyes , blazing just as brightly as the flames . 
 anger , no , fury ... and fear . 
 he forced his hands to unclench as he watched her . 
 soon , he would have her alone , and when he did , he would discover all of her secrets . 
 every . 
 last . 
 one . 
 he would find out just why armed men had stormed the party looking for her . 
 and he 'd learn just how the rich debutante knew all about the most covert group of agents currently working for the u.s. government . 
 cale was quickly realizing that there was a whole lot more to cassidy sherridan than he 'd initially realized . 
 the woman could prove to be very , very dangerous . 
 chapter two she was n't alone . 
 cassidy had just taken a few steps into the darkened interior of her hotel bedroom when she realized that someone was waiting in the shadows . 
 she froze , her hands by her sides , as she tried to decide if she needed to flee-or fight . 
 `` relax , '' came a rough voice from the darkness , a voice that she recognized instantly . 
 not many men sounded like danger and desire growling all at once . 
 he did . 
 `` if i saved you before , would i really come back now to hurt you ? '' 
 those were n't reassuring words . 
 `` you never know , '' she said softly . 
 her fingers lifted , and she tightened the belt of her robe , making sure that she was covered . 
 judging by his voice , he had to be on the left-hand side of the room . 
 she turned her head , narrowing her eyes as she strained to find him in the dark . 
 `` i was sent down here with strict orders . '' 
 her eyes adjusted a bit , and she could just see him , sitting in her heavy leather chair . 
 she was in one of the bigger suites offered by the hotel . 
 a suite that should have been secure , but the agent had certainly gotten entrance easily enough . 
 now he was lounging in her bedroom . 
 he 'd just made himself comfortable . 
 `` do your ` orders ' include breaking into my bedroom ? '' 
 mercer would n't have gone that far . 
 would he ? 
 `` i 'm supposed to keep an eye on you . 
 supposed to keep you safe . '' 
 he paused a beat . 
 `` but you already know that , just as you seem to know so very much about - '' `` the eod ? '' 
 cassidy supplied in what she thought was a rather helpful way . 
 silence was her answer . 
 but silence was pretty much the norm when it came to the eod . 
 she sighed . 
 `` look , uh , agent , i - '' `` cale . '' 
 cassidy frowned , not that he could see her frown in the dark . 
 `` my name 's cale lane . '' 
 the words could be a lie . 
 other eod agents had given her false names before . 
 `` all right , fine , cale . '' 
 she headed toward him , her steps angry , a little too hard , but their sound was swallowed by the thick carpeting . 
 `` we 're ending this farce right now . '' 
 she 'd get mercer on the phone . 
 he could call off his attack dog . 
 `` why were those men after you ? '' 
 he did n't know ? 
 her steps slowed . 
 `` two men died tonight , '' he continued . 
 `` two men who seem to have no identities . 
 their fingerprints had been burned away , and , so far , no one can figure out a single thing about their pasts . '' 
 her mouth was getting dry . 
 `` the eod can figure out plenty . 
 just give them time . '' 
 `` are you part of the eod ? '' 
 he seemed so doubting that it was actually insulting . 
 but she bit her lip before she snapped back a response at him . 
 he obviously thought she was nothing but a piece of fluff , flitting around from party to party . 
 after all , was n't that exactly what she 'd been doing for the past week , ever since she 'd arrived in rio ? 
 one party after another . 
 but that was her cover . 
 what she was supposed to do . 
 pity no one ever actually looked beneath her cover appearance . 
 not even mercer . 
 `` i stood between you and a bullet tonight , '' cale said . 
 his voice seemed even rougher , and it sent a shiver over her . 
 `` do n't you think that entitles me to some explanations ? '' 
 no , she did n't . 
 `` i do n't remember telling you to stand there . '' 
 actually , if he had n't gotten in her way , then she would have finally made the headway that she needed on this case . 
 instead , he 'd gotten all tough and alpha male , and she 'd had to act defenseless as he 'd carried her away . 
 if she 'd fought him too hard , if she 'd broken free , then all that she 'd worked for would have been destroyed in an instant . 
 he rose slowly , a lethal shadow that came toward her with slow , stalking steps . 
 she refused to retreat from him , but when he closed in , every cell in her body flashed on high alert . 
 being near him made her feel too on edge . 
 too aware . 
 she shoved back that awareness . 
 locked it deep inside . 
 `` two men got away tonight , '' cale told her . 
 `` does n't that worry you ? '' 
 yes . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` liar . '' 
 he seemed so sure . 
 no one had seen past her lies before , so why would he be any different ? 
 `` i want you out of my room . '' 
 he did n't move . 
 fine . 
 she skirted around him , made it to her nightstand and grabbed the smart phone there . 
 one press of her fingers and - `` mercer ? '' 
 she said when the eod 's director answered the call . 
 `` what have you done now ? '' 
 she heard cale 's sharp inhale . 
 `` you 've got the eod director on speed dial ? '' 
 he asked , seemingly shocked . 
 on speed dial ? 
 um , something like that . 
 `` your agent is going to ruin everything , '' she said , her words tumbling out . 
 `` i do n't know if you 've heard about what happened tonight , but - '' `` i heard . '' 
 mercer 's flat voice , completely devoid of emotion , cut through her frantic speech . 
 `` i heard , and that 's exactly why cale lane is staying with you . '' 
 her fingers tightened around the phone . 
 `` if he 's here - '' `` then nothing will happen to you , '' mercer told her . 
 `` cale is one of the best agents i 've got . 
 no one will get to you while he 's on guard . '' 
 if no one could get to her ... then how am i supposed to complete my mission ? 
 only , mercer did n't think she had a mission . 
 mercer thought she needed to be coddled . 
 protected . 
 that she was n't strong enough to face the dangers in the world . 
 wrong . 
 mercer did n't know her very well . 
 `` this is a mistake . '' 
 she fought to keep her own voice as emotionless as his . 
 impossible . 
 emotion always ruled her . 
 never him . 
 had n't she learned that lesson long ago ? 
 `` no . 
 this is your life , and i wo n't risk it . '' 
 there was no give in his voice at all . 
 `` while you 're in rio , cale lane stays with you . '' 
 she was going to break the phone . 
 in her mind , cassidy could see it splintering beneath her hand into a dozen pieces . 
 `` if that 's what you want ... '' because he always got what he wanted . 
 when would she ever get what she wanted ? 
 not bothering with any more words , cassidy ended the call . 
 after all , there was nothing else to say . 
 her fingers trembled . 
 cassidy turned toward cale . 
 she needed to phrase this right , in order to match up with the conversation she 'd just had . 
 cassidy cleared her throat . 
 `` mercer agreed that he 'd made a mistake . 
 your services are no longer - '' her phone rang . 
 cale reached for her hand and pried open her fingers . 
 he took her phone . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 he said , and she knew he was talking to mercer . 
 `` yes , she 's right here . '' 
 then he leaned forward and turned on the bedside lamp . 
 she flinched when the light hit her . 
 the sudden flow of light should have made cale look less intimidating . 
 it did n't . 
 she could see the hard edge of his jaw and the intense lines of his face . 
 `` i 'll stay with her . 
 every minute . '' 
 the hell he would . 
 after a few more moments , cale ended the call and stared down at her . 
 emotions wanted to rip cassidy apart right then . 
 all of her hard work , for so long ... for nothing . 
 `` mercer just promised me a briefing at 0600 , '' he said as his assessing gaze drifted over her . 
 `` you really going to make me wait until then in order to find out what 's going on with you ? '' 
 not much time . 
 `` what 's going on is that i 'm working a case , and your presence here jeopardizes its success . '' 
 truth . 
 `` mercer does n't think so . '' 
 that was because mercer did n't think she could handle things on her own . 
 `` and you know the director ... '' cale continued , rolling his shoulders as if pushing away a heavy burden . 
 `` when that sob says jump , we 're all supposed to learn how to fly . '' 
 her breath rushed from her lungs . 
 he does n't realize who i am . 
 cale had obviously decided that she was , indeed , another eod agent . 
 not quite , cowboy . 
 not quite . 
 and he did remind her of a cowboy . 
 maybe it was that texas drawl that slipped out every now and then . 
 maybe it was the hard edge that clung to him . 
 the tough exterior . 
 but she was thinking of him as cowboy tough and he-he was thinking of her as the spoiled debutante . 
 it grated , but as long as he did n't realize exactly who she was , then his guard would stay lowered . 
 she 'd had plenty of babysitters-um , bodyguards-over the past few years . 
 she 'd gotten pretty adept at handling them . 
 and dodging them . 
 since cale did n't realize her true identity , that would make things even easier for her . 
 she smiled at him . 
 a real smile . 
 he blinked . 
 a furrow appeared between his dark brows . 
 `` i think we got off on the wrong foot . '' 
 cassidy even offered him her hand . 
 why not be friendly ? 
 that would help to make him feel even more at ease with her . 
 `` it looks like we 'll be ... close ... for the next few days , so maybe we should just start fresh . '' 
 they 'd be close until she could manage to ditch him and go after those gunmen on her own . 
 they were in the city . 
 pinpointing their next attack area had been the tricky part . 
 now that she knew they were in the general area , she just had to track them . 
 cale silently regarded her offered hand , the hand that was still hovering in the air between them . 
 she wiggled her fingers . 
 his own hand lifted and finally closed around hers . 
 well , swallowed hers was probably a better description . 
 cale used his grip to pull her closer to him . 
 caught off balance by that stronger-than-expected hold , she had to take a few quick steps forward . 
 she was suddenly way too conscious of her thin robe and of the fact that she had nothing on beneath that robe . 
 had he noticed ? 
 the gleam of awareness in his eyes said he had . 
 oh , boy . 
 `` partners ? '' 
 cale murmured . 
 she nodded . 
 he could believe that they 'd be partners for a bit . 
 a few precious hours remained before dawn and mercer 's promised briefing . 
 she could fool him until then , and surely she 'd manage to slip away in that time . 
 `` partners do n't keep secrets from each other , '' he continued . 
 he had n't let go of her hand . 
 mere inches separated their bodies . 
 `` tell me about the case . '' 
 his fingers slowly freed hers . 
 she took the breath that her starving lungs so desperately needed . 
 `` i 'm working on an abduction case . '' 
 again , mostly true . 
 and to think that mercer believed she spent her days just spinning lies . 
 there was some truth to her existence . 
 cassidy thought the best way to deceive was to use a mix of truth and lies . 
 `` those men tonight , they took someone else a while back . '' 
 more truth . 
 a painful one , at that . 
 `` who ? '' 
 before she did this `` baring of the soul '' bit , she 'd really prefer putting on some clothes . 
 if her soul was going to be exposed to him , then her flesh could at least be covered more . 
 `` do you mind if i get dressed ? '' 
 the question was supposed to be flippant . 
 instead , her voice came out hoarse and soft and inviting . 
 she had n't meant it to be that way . 
 yes , cale lane was attractive-sexy and compelling in that dark and dangerous way of his-but she was n't interested in him . 
 was she ? 
 maybe . 
 yes . 
 if they 'd met in a different time . 
 different place . 
 okay , maybe an entirely different life . 
 `` you do n't have to dress on my account , '' he told her . 
 the hint of texas was back in his voice , thickening the words . 
 `` i 'd better dress on my own account . '' 
 because being mostly naked in front of the agent was n't a good plan . 
 mercer would be furious . 
 so , what ? 
 she held cale 's gaze a moment longer , then scurried around him and headed for her closet . 
 she fumbled quickly inside , grabbing her jeans and a t-shirt . 
 `` i 'll change in the bathroom and be right back . '' 
 she did n't glance over her shoulder at him as she hurried into the relative safety of the bathroom . 
 she did turn the lock into place . 
 snick . 
 then she dressed as quickly as she could ... before hurrying toward the window-and escape . 
 she 'd picked the hotel deliberately . 
 she was n't staying there because of the five-star dining options or the perfect proximity to some of the main carnival events . 
 she was in that hotel because it offered suites that were housed on the second floor-a floor full of balconies . 
 and , so convenient for her , there was even an old-style lattice on the side of her building . 
 lattice that she could use in her bid for freedom . 
 cassidy believed in the value of an escape plan . 
 because plans like that ... they sure came in handy during situations exactly like this one . 
 * * * they had n't gotten their target . 
 ian gagnon glared at the men around him . 
 it should have been so simple . 
 those rich fools had been too afraid to fight back . 
 the plan had been perfect . 
 slip into the party . 
 grab the girl . 
 get away . 
 they 'd done the same routine a dozen times , all without any mistakes . 
 but this time , with her , everything had gone to hell . 
 they 'd had to fight their way to safety . 
 two of his men had n't made it out of that fire . 
 they 'd fallen to gunfire . 
 gunfire . 
 the party had n't just been filled with helpless fools . 
 the man who 'd come so quickly to cassidy sherridan 's rescue-her possessive lover with the glittering gaze and the gun holstered under his tux-he was a threat that ian had not anticipated . 
 but the man was a threat that could be eliminated . 
 he would study that mysterious gentleman . 
 learn his secrets and weaknesses . 
 everyone had weaknesses that could be exploited . 
 ian knew that well . 
 cassidy 's lover had n't been alone in the ballroom . 
 another man had come to his aid , fighting , battling viciously . 
 and a third person-a shooter , a sniper-had fired on guan . 
 the bullet had flown through the window and taken guan 's life . 
 guan had been a valuable part of ian 's crew . 
 strong , cruel , able to kill so easily-he 'd been a key asset . 
 and he 'd been caught unaware . 
 at least three men . 
 all centered on cassidy ? 
 it certainly seemed that way . 
 he 'd get to her , but first , he 'd have to separate cassidy from her circle of protectors . 
 or he 'd have to simply kill those protectors . 
 payback , for the lives of his men . 
 he 'd always believed in the value of an eye for an eye . 
 * * * cale was n't a fool . 
 cassidy might think he was misled by a wide smile and flirting eyes-and a very short robe-but this was n't his first case . 
 he was n't some green soldier who 'd be distracted by a pretty face . 
 or long legs . 
 so when cassidy came shimmying down the lattice outside of her hotel , he was waiting for her . 
 the shadows hid him . 
 all of the agents in his team knew how to use the shadows . 
 so he stood in the darkness , watching her jump from the lattice and touch down gracefully on the cement . 
 she was almost bouncing with excitement . 
 you thought you got away from me ? 
 not even close . 
 she glanced back up at the open bathroom window as she eased away from the building . 
 she still had n't seen him . 
 time to change that . 
 he stepped forward , moving soundlessly , the way he 'd learned to hunt when uncle sam had first trained him to be an army ranger . 
 she still did n't hear him . 
 and she was an eod agent ? 
 doubt gnawed at him . 
 cassidy sure did n't act like an agent . 
 he reached out and curled his fingers around her shoulder . 
 cassidy screamed . 
 not like an agent . 
 an agent would attack first , not scream . 
 but cassidy 's attack came seconds after her scream . 
 she whirled around , striking out at him with a strong left hook . 
 it would have been a good blow , if it had connected to his face . 
 it did n't . 
 he caught her fist in his hand , freezing the blow . 
 `` did you need some air ? '' 
 cale murmured , trying to sound mildly curious . 
 a shaft of streetlight fell on her face , and he saw her surprise as her jaw dropped open . 
 `` because , if you needed some air - '' cale shrugged '' - i would have been happy to go for a walk with you . 
 you should have just asked me . '' 
 she tried to jerk back her fist . 
 because there was no place for her to run in that narrow alleyway , he let her go . 
 cassidy was caged between him and the side of the hotel . 
 freedom was n't in sight . 
 he crossed his arms over his chest and waited , sure that whatever lie was about to spill from her full lips would be interesting . 
 `` i did n't expect you to be waiting . '' 
 she cocked her head as she studied him . 
 cassidy rocked forward onto the balls of her feet . 
 `` you must have come down here the minute i shut the bathroom door . '' 
 yes , he had . 
 cale wondered why she was n't trying to lie to him . 
 `` how did you know ? '' 
 cassidy asked . 
 `` you should n't have known . '' 
 she looked quite different from the glittering debutante who 'd been in the ballroom . 
 different from the seductive temptress in the silk robe who 'd made him ache minutes before . 
 now cassidy was clad in jeans and a loose t-shirt , and her hair tumbled around her shoulders . 
 he still found her sexy-no matter what , he kept finding her sexy . 
 problem . 
 because he was n't supposed to want her . 
 that had n't been part of his assignment . 
 he 'd never mixed business with pleasure before . 
 do n't start now . 
 `` how did you know i was going to run ? '' 
 cassidy pressed . 
 nervous energy seemed to pour from her . 
 `` because mercer told me that you would run . '' 
 if you let her out of your sight , she 's gone , had been mercer 's gruff words . 
 he had n't actually believed the man , at least , not until she 'd said ... i 'll change in the bathroom and be right back . 
 `` and your voice changed , '' he said . 
 a small hitch , barely noticeable , but he 'd been paying careful attention to her . 
 that little hitch had put him on high alert . 
 he 'd known that cassidy was n't coming back to him . 
 so he 'd decided to go after her . 
 `` my voice changed ? '' 
 her voice rose then . 
 `` impossible . 
 no one can tell when i 'm lying . '' 
 he flashed a hard smile . 
 `` i could . '' 
 she frowned at him ; then her gaze snaked over his shoulder . 
 ah , nice trick . 
 her eyes had narrowed even more , as if she was intently studying something behind him . 
 obviously , the lady was trying to distract him . 
 if he followed her gaze and looked in that direction , she 'd try to run away . 
 this was n't amateur hour . 
 he was n't about to - `` look out ! '' 
 cassidy screamed . 
 she did n't try to run away . 
 she grabbed him , twisting with him so that they both fell in a heap , crashing onto the cement even as a crack of thunder broke the waning night . 
 not thunder . 
 he knew that sound too well-gunshot . 
 he rolled them , positioning their bodies so that he was on top of her , shielding cassidy . 
 he heard her mutter , `` you 're welcome , cowboy . '' 
 he lifted his gun . 
 his gaze searched the area . 
 the shot had come from the south , from the heavier shadows there . 
 they had no good cover , and he had to get her out of there . 
 from what he could tell , the shot had n't drawn any attention . 
 they were away from the main party streets , so this area of town was pretty deserted . 
 and the shooter-well , he was probably just waiting for cale and cassidy to move . 
 they 'd rolled behind an old sports car . 
 one that they could n't hide behind forever . 
 but some generous person had conveniently parked the car at the edge of the alley . 
 your mistake , buddy , but thanks . 
 `` where 's your team ? '' 
 cassidy demanded in a low whisper . 
 `` you have a team , right ? 
 should n't they be here ? '' 
 his team was still back at the ballroom , talking with the local authorities and trying to figure out just who those men had been . 
 for the moment , he and cassidy were on their own . 
 cale quickly considered his options . 
 he could try to get her back upstairs into her room . 
 and then have the shooter-shooters ? 
 - come up after us ? 
 not the best idea . 
 or he could get her the hell out of there . 
 cale decided to go with option two . 
 his left hand tightened on her . 
 `` when i say ` move , ' you get into the sports car and you stay low . '' 
 she turned her head , meeting his gaze . 
 `` you 've got keys on you ? '' 
 since it was n't his car , no , he did n't . 
 but that was just a minor point . 
 one , two ... `` move ! '' 
 he yanked open the car door . 
 cassidy jumped inside , staying low , just as he 'd told her . 
 but the shooter saw their movements . 
 he fired , and the glass exploded on the passenger 's side of the vehicle . 
 cassidy yelled and ducked even lower . 
 again-the yells were n't the actions of a trained eod agent . 
 civilians yelled . 
 screamed . 
 agents went to work . 
 cale jumped into the vehicle . 
 he shoved his hands under the dashboard , found the wires he needed-cars had always been a specialty of his-and he had the engine cranking to life instantly . 
 a good thing because more gunfire was exploding around them . 
 he shoved the car into drive and slammed the gas pedal down to the floorboard . 
 they raced from the scene with bullets chasing after them . 
 his right hand still held the gun , and his left kept a white-knuckled grip around the steering wheel . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 cale demanded as they rounded the next corner . 
 the shooter could be pursuing them , so he barely slowed . 
 he was pretty sure the sports car lifted onto two wheels . 
 she did n't answer him . 
 `` cassidy ! '' 
 she was curled in on herself , crouching down on the floorboard . 
 he could just see the top of her blond head . 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 soft . 
 `` i just got cut from some of the glass . 
 no big deal . '' 
 he glanced in the rearview mirror . 
 saw only darkness behind them . 
 but it was n't like their pursuers would come chasing with their bright lights on . 
 he was n't using his lights , either . 
 because if you wanted to blend in with the darkness , you did n't flash a beacon . 
 `` are they following us ? '' 
 cassidy asked from her crouched position . 
 maybe . 
 the car slid around another corner . 
 he was n't getting on the main roads , the roads that would still be full of those celebrating carnival . 
 the party did n't exactly stop just because it was after midnight . 
 he needed to stay away from the party-and the cluster of people that would just slow him down . 
 he knew this area . 
 this was n't his first time to visit rio . 
 the eod agents had a house not far from their current location . 
 a few miles , a few more backstreets . 
 then they 'd be safe . 
 or as safe as they could be . 
 he needed more intel to figure out what was happening . 
 why is she a target ? 
 cale did n't like being the hunted . 
 no , it was his job to be the hunter . 
 and for others to be his prey . 
 chapter three a long sliver of broken glass protruded from cassidy 's arm . 
 carefully , she curled her fingers around the glass and pulled it from her skin , hissing out a breath at the pain . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she did n't look up at cale 's growl . 
 the guy often seemed to be growling . 
 not exactly mr. sunshine and light , but then , in her experience , tough guys were n't . 
 they were dark and intense and the ones who were perfect when it came to pulling your butt from the fire . 
 hello , fire . 
 her great escape attempt had almost blown up in her face . 
 if cale had n't been there ... it grated , but she needed the agent . 
 she needed the backing of the eod . 
 and cale had sure gotten them out of the shooter 's range fast enough . 
 hot-wiring the car had been a handy trick , a trick that she 'd always wanted to learn . 
 maybe she could convince him to teach her how to do it . 
 once they were not being chased by gunmen . 
 but ... for the more pressing matter at hand ... `` i 'm trying to stop the blood flow . 
 that 's what i 'm doing . '' 
 they were in some rundown house on the edge of town . 
 the place had looked abandoned from the outside , and , yes , it pretty much looked that way on the inside , too . 
 only cale had told her that it was a safe house . 
 she was n't exactly feeling safe . 
 and with 0600 ticking closer and closer , she was running out of time in a hurry . 
 his fingers curled around her wrist , and he lifted her arm so that he could see the wound . 
 when his face tensed , she realized things were worse than she 'd realized . 
 `` you need stitches . '' 
 definitely worse . 
 `` the blood 's stopping . '' 
 no , it was n't . 
 `` there goes that hitch , '' he said , sounding distracted as he bent to study her wound . 
 `` every time you lie , it 's a dead giveaway . '' 
 damn . 
 she would have to be a whole lot more careful . 
 how had she not noticed that slip before ? 
 `` i do n't need stitches . '' 
 okay , maybe she did . 
 but , more important , `` i do n't have time to go to a hospital . '' 
 `` forget the hospital . 
 i 'll give them to you right here . '' 
 very bad idea . 
 he was kidding , right ? 
 she studied his face , met his stare . 
 not kidding . 
 cassidy quickly shook her head . 
 `` do you even know how many infections i could get from you doing that ? 
 no way , i - '' `` the wound is deep , and you need stitches . 
 i 've got the supplies we need right here . '' 
 because eod agents were like boy scouts . 
 `` look , if it makes you feel better , i stitched myself back up before i went to your place . '' 
 `` you ... you were hurt ? '' 
 she had n't even noticed that . 
 he 'd seemed fine as he 'd carried her out of the party . 
 `` a graze just deep enough to need a couple of stitches . '' 
 he shrugged it off . 
 she tried to keep her jaw from dropping . 
 `` you get shot a lot , do n't you ? '' 
 how was that normal ? 
 `` i try not to . '' 
 that was n't the best answer . 
 `` come on . 
 we need to get you cleaned up . '' 
 he meant stitched up , and though the thought made her queasy , cassidy sucked in a deep breath and squared her shoulders . 
 it had to be done . 
 so she 'd do it . 
 then he was leading her into the bathroom . 
 she cleaned away the blood and grime on her . 
 and , yes , the guy did have supplies in that little room . 
 even latex gloves that he put on right before he got ready to sew her up . 
 do n't look . 
 do n't look . 
 `` it 's going to hurt , '' he warned her . 
 a second 's warning before he started . 
 she kept her head turned away and bit her lip when she felt the needle slide into her skin . 
 mercer never would have made a sound . 
 heck , once the guy had been shot-twice-in the chest . 
 he 'd dug the bullets out himself , then taken out the men who 'd been after him . 
 like cale , he 'd stitched himself back up . 
 her wound pricked , pulsed . 
 she could feel every poke of that needle . 
 a little anesthesia would have been awesome . 
 her eyes squeezed shut . 
 this wound was nothing . 
 mercer had been stabbed four times on a mission in panama years ago . 
 those wounds had been so deep , crisscrossing over his chest . 
 she 'd been so afraid , then , and - `` i 'm done . '' 
 her breath rushed out . 
 she 'd made it through . 
 an old trick that she had-just use bad memories to push away the current fear . 
 fight one fear with another . 
 it was her way . 
 because she knew too much about fear . 
 cale finished cleaning up . 
 he put a bandage over her arm . 
 his fingers seemed to linger against her skin . 
 `` where did you go ? '' 
 curiosity had deepened his voice . 
 her head turned , and she stared into his eyes . 
 his jaw locked . 
 his fingers-not covered in latex gloves any longer-rose to her cheeks . 
 he 's wiping away my tears . 
 she had n't realized that she 'd been crying . 
 had the tears been due to her wound ? 
 or her memories ? 
 those stab wounds on mercer 's chest ... when she 'd seen him in the hospital , looking so broken , she 'd been sure that he was dying . 
 but it would take a whole lot to kill bruce mercer . 
 `` you 're not an eod agent , '' cale said , sounding absolutely sure . 
 her chin jerked up at that . 
 `` do n't be so certain . 
 i did a good enough job of saving you back there , did n't i ? '' 
 he would have taken a bullet to the back if it had n't been for her . 
 stitching up her wound hardly made them even . 
 no matter what he might think . 
 that steady gaze of his never wavered . 
 `` how 'd you know the shooter was there ? '' 
 `` i saw the glint of his weapon . '' 
 she 'd had only an instant to react . 
 she 'd shoved cale with all of her strength . 
 and saved him . 
 point for the debutante . 
 he stepped away from her-or as far away as the small space would allow . 
 `` i want to know your story . '' 
 i 'm not in the mood to tell it . 
 so she needed to distract him . 
 `` mercer honestly sent you down here without briefing you ? 
 i mean , do you usually just unquestioningly follow the guy 's every order - '' he 'd headed back into what she figured was supposed to be a den of sorts . 
 she followed right on his heels . 
 he spun around , and she had to pull up short so they did n't collide . 
 after a considering moment , he gave a nod and said , `` i 'll tell you the mission i was given . '' 
 uh-oh . 
 she did n't like the silky menace in his tone . 
 `` i was told that i needed to head down to rio and find a party girl named cassidy sherridan . '' 
 a party girl ? 
 well , that was the image she cultivated . 
 only that 's not the real me . 
 `` i was directed to follow her every move . 
 to stick to her and make sure she remained safe at all times . '' 
 her brows climbed . 
 her arm was still throbbing , but she ignored the pain . 
 `` that 's it ? 
 that 's all you were told ? '' 
 talk about being in the dark . 
 mercer must have grown even more paranoid about her in recent months . 
 she 'd give cale a few details since he 'd almost gotten shot . 
 `` that 's all until i hear from mercer in - '' he glanced at the black watch that circled his wrist '' - forty-five minutes . '' 
 not enough time . 
 she 'd have to talk fast . 
 luckily , she 'd always been a fast talker . 
 cassidy exhaled slowly and began with the truth . 
 `` four years ago , my best friend was abducted from a pub just outside of dublin . '' 
 four years ago , but the memory was just as fresh in her mind . 
 fear did n't fade . 
 `` the men who took her said that she 'd be returned if they were paid three million dollars . 
 they got their money , but helen never came home . '' 
 not alive , anyway . 
 her body had eventually been found by the authorities . 
 helen 's death had n't been fast or easy . 
 no one should die that way . 
 `` since then , over a dozen other women-wealthy , young , well-connected women like helen-have been taken . 
 sometimes ... sometimes they are brought back , with only nightmares and shadows as their memories , but other times , their abductors leave their broken bodies behind . '' 
 he watched her in silence . 
 she felt as if she 'd just ripped open an old , too-raw wound ... because she had . 
 `` the leader of the group is a man called the executioner . '' 
 cale 's dark brows rose . 
 `` he named himself - '' arrogant , sick jerk '' - when he ... when he first contacted helen 's father . 
 he said that if he did n't get his money , then helen would face the executioner 's knife . 
 his knife . '' 
 and helen had faced that knife . 
 the blade had sliced away the beauty of her face before plunging into her heart . 
 his gaze hardened . 
 `` the men at the party ... '' `` i think they were the executioner 's men . '' 
 they 'd been after their next target . 
 after trying to attract their deadly attention for so long - finally , they 'd come for cassidy . 
 that knowledge was in his eyes . 
 `` you set yourself up as bait . '' 
 angry , clipped words . 
 she had . 
 there 'd been no choice . 
 `` someone has to stop them ! '' 
 his head shook . 
 `` the eod - '' `` i 'm the one who told the eod about the executioner ! 
 i 'm the one who went to mercer . '' 
 because she 'd been so desperate . 
 `` that 's why you have him on speed dial . '' 
 she waved that away . 
 `` my family has connections . '' 
 as did the families of all the women who 'd been taken . 
 `` my grandfather is the french ambassador to the u.s. government . 
 helen 's father was an irish diplomat . 
 the executioner goes after a certain type of woman - '' `` a woman like you . '' 
 there was fury darkening his words . 
 `` yes . '' 
 it made her the perfect bait . 
 the executioner was an international killer , and because he hunted in so many places , it was hard for one country-and that country 's authorities-to track him . 
 the faint lines on cale 's face had tightened . 
 `` mercer agreed to let you put yourself up as bait ? '' 
 not exactly . 
 that would be why he kept sending agents to guard her . 
 only this time , mercer must have realized just how close she 'd finally gotten to the executioner . 
 `` now that i have the executioner 's attention , i ca n't walk away . 
 this is my chance . '' 
 but cale 's voice roughened even more as he demanded , `` your chance to do what ? 
 to wind up dead like your friend ? '' 
 cold , brutal words . 
 she knew his words were supposed to scare her . 
 she 'd been dealing with fear too long to let it stop her . 
 `` it 's my chance to stop him-and his men-before they destroy more lives . 
 if i can get to the executioner , if i can bring him down ... '' `` you really think that you 're going to do this on your own ? '' 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 her heart was drumming too fast in her chest . 
 `` i 've got an eod agent standing right in front of me . 
 i kind of figured you could do something a little more useful than just being my human shield . '' 
 a muscle jerked along the square line of his jaw . 
 `` i mean , what are you ? '' 
 as cassidy continued , she let her own anger out . 
 he would help her . 
 `` the eod is always ex-military , right ? 
 you barely make any sound when you move-your reflexes are the best of any agent i 've seen . '' 
 she could still remember how quickly he 'd pulled his gun in that ballroom . 
 `` i 'm thinking you 're - '' `` army ranger . 
 ex-ranger . '' 
 cassidy nodded . 
 she 'd figured as much . 
 `` well , since i conveniently have a former army ranger right here with me , i thought i might use your services to stop this killer before he takes any more lives . '' 
 using cale would sure make things easier on her . 
 `` and what if i had n't been here ? '' 
 cale took a step toward her . 
 `` if mercer had n't sent me down here to watch over you-what would you have done then ? '' 
 she licked her lips . 
 his gaze fell . 
 heated . 
 oh , boy . 
 `` come up with a plan b , '' she whispered . 
 actually , she already had her plan b . 
 it was the plan she 'd been using before she realized who cale truly was . 
 but plan b involved a whole lot more risk . 
 his gaze was still on her mouth , and there was a sensual awareness kindling in his stare . 
 her heartbeat kicked up even more , and when had all the air left the room ? 
 sucking in oxygen suddenly became a lot harder . 
 her gaze slid over him . 
 had his shoulders gotten bigger ? 
 `` you 're in over your head , '' cale told her . 
 he took another step toward her . 
 that big body of his had been on top of hers when they 'd sought cover on the street . 
 adrenaline had spiked her blood , then , and she 'd been thinking mainly about survival , but now ... now she was thinking far too much about him . 
 `` will you help me ? '' 
 his hands had fisted . 
 why ? 
 so he would n't touch her ? 
 she rather liked the feel of his warm , calloused fingertips on her skin . 
 `` my job is to follow mercer 's orders . '' 
 like a good soldier . 
 always following orders . 
 `` sometimes , you have to break orders . '' 
 his pupils had widened , the darkness swallowing the blue of his eyes . 
 his gaze was back on her mouth . 
 he definitely felt the same awareness that she did . 
 only he was n't coming any closer to her . 
 fine . 
 she 'd get closer to him . 
 she sucked in another deep gulp of that precious oxygen , and then she was sliding closer to cale . 
 her fingers rose and pressed against his chest . 
 he 'd ditched the tux and wore a dark t-shirt and jeans . 
 beneath the thin cotton of the t-shirt , she could easily feel the hard strength of his muscles . 
 someone liked to work out . 
 a lot . 
 `` help me , '' she said , glancing up at him . 
 `` please , cale . '' 
 then , because it was what she wanted , and she had n't taken what she wanted in so very long , cassidy pushed up onto her toes and put her mouth against his . 
 at first , he did n't move . 
 not even an inch . 
 his lips were firm and cool beneath hers , and his body was rock hard . 
 her mouth moved lightly against his . 
 please , do n't let this be a mistake . 
 do n't let it be - his hands lifted , locked around her and hauled her against him . 
 their bodies pressed tightly together and his mouth took hers . 
 his lips parted . 
 so did hers . 
 his tongue thrust into her mouth , and , oh , wow , but the agent could sure kiss . 
 her knees did a little jiggle as she pressed even closer to him . 
 heat uncurled in her stomach , a long-denied need that had been buried for too long . 
 but this man , with his strength and the aura of danger that clung to him like a second skin , he made her feel . 
 he made her burn . 
 he made her want . 
 her arm was n't hurting anymore . 
 or , if it was , she sure did n't feel the pain . 
 all she could feel was him , surrounding her , making the desire that she felt for him grow ever stronger . 
 this was n't about the mission that she 'd made her life . 
 this was n't about avenging a friend . 
 it was about a man . 
 a woman . 
 desire . 
 it was - his mouth lifted from hers . 
 his fingers bit into her waist . 
 `` did you think it would work ? '' 
 things had seemed to be working just fine here . 
 her ragged breath indicated things were more than fine . 
 `` you are n't going to use your body to make me forget my mission . '' 
 oh , he had not just said that to her . 
 heat burned in her cheeks , and cassidy knew she had to be flushing a dark red . 
 `` that was n't - '' but his jaw was locked . 
 desire blazed in his eyes , yet when he spoke , his voice was ice-cold . 
 `` i never forget my mission , and i wo n't be distracted by someone like you . '' 
 someone like you . 
 the brittle words froze the heat in her cheeks . 
 she 'd kissed cale because she wanted him , but he-he might physically want her , but he sure did n't like that desire . 
 no . 
 what he did n't like was her . 
 to him , she was-what had he called her ? 
 - a party girl . 
 in that same emotionless voice , he told her , `` whatever help you thought you 'd seduce me into giving you - '' `` i did n't ! '' 
 cassidy denied the charge , the urge to scream incredibly strong . 
 `` it 's not going to happen . '' 
 there was a definite arctic chill in his voice . 
 she straightened her shoulders , grabbing for her pride . 
 `` i did n't kiss you because i was trying to manipulate you . '' 
 his one raised eyebrow called the words a lie . 
 `` i kissed you because i stupidly wanted you . 
 do n't worry . 
 i wo n't be making that mistake again . '' 
 the door opened behind them . 
 no knock , it just shoved open . 
 cassidy spun around and saw two big , rather scary-looking men filling the doorway . 
 the man in front , the guy with the dark hair and the piercing eyes , inclined his head toward her . 
 `` ms. sherridan . '' 
 of course he knew her , and since cale was n't grabbing for a weapon , she figured these two had to be the good guys . 
 semi-good , anyway . 
 as good as eod agents could be . 
 she realized , too late , that she 'd instinctively backed up when her shoulders brushed against cale . 
 she jerked at the contact , and the man with the eyes that she swore could see right through her-he noted that move . 
 wonderful . 
 the other fellow behind him-talk about intimidating . 
 and she 'd thought cale was dangerous looking ? 
 this guy took dangerous to a whole new level . 
 his face was n't handsome ; it was just hard edges , rough lines . 
 his skin was a dark gold , his hair black and his eyes a shining green . 
 he kicked the door shut , secured the lock , then announced , `` we 've got a problem . '' 
 she forced a mocking laugh . 
 `` if you call men shooting at us a problem ... '' `` what 's happening , gunner ? '' 
 cale demanded . 
 wait , there was a problem other than the shooting ? 
 the man he 'd called gunner-mr . 
 tall , dark and scary-let his bright gaze sweep back to cassidy . 
 `` your friend , the redhead from the party ... '' her gut clenched . 
 `` genevieve ? '' 
 genevieve chevalier was one of the few people that she actually did count as a friend . 
 she 'd known genevieve since their boarding school days . 
 gunner nodded curtly . 
 `` she 's missing . '' 
 cassidy shook her own head in denial . 
 genevieve was fine . 
 she 'd taken her friend back to genevieve 's hotel after they 'd been cleared by the rio authorities . 
 `` the local cops said they had a guard on her . 
 we thought she was safe . '' 
 this came from the other guy-the man who was now stalking around the small confines of the room . 
 `` we were wrong . 
 when i did a surveillance sweep by her place a little while ago , she was gone and the guard was dead . '' 
 genevieve 's gone ? 
 if she was and if her guard had been killed , then ... `` they took her . '' 
 dark , twisting fear spread inside cassidy . 
 if they did n't find genevieve , fast , then she could be dead . 
 tortured , just like helen . 
 `` we think they came for you , '' the man began . 
 `` logan ... '' a warning note had entered cale 's voice . 
 this man-logan-ignored the warning as he kept his focus on cassidy . 
 `` cale got you away from them , but genevieve 's guard was n't able to save her . 
 they took her . '' 
 his lips tightened . 
 `` and i want to know why . '' 
 another eod agent who had n't been briefed . 
 was n't mercer just keeping them all in the dark these days ? 
 but she knew why . 
 because he does n't want them to know about me . 
 mercer never wanted anyone to know the full truth . 
 not unless it was absolutely necessary . 
 because of that secrecy , he 'd sent these agents out hunting , blind . 
 but come 0600 , they would n't be so blind any longer . 
 * * * `` the local cops have no leads on genevieve chevalier 's abduction , '' logan quinn said , shoving a frustrated hand through his hair . 
 `` with carnival taking over the city , they are too short-staffed and in way over their heads to handle this case . '' 
 a case that was the work of a professional killer and his crew . 
 `` you ever hear of a guy called the executioner ? '' 
 cale asked him , cocking his head as he waited for logan 's response . 
 logan was their team leader , the guy who 'd earned the moniker of alpha one in the field . 
 if anyone had intel on the executioner , it should be him . 
 and , sure enough , logan stiffened . 
 `` the executioner ? 
 hell , it fits . '' 
 disgust thickened his voice . 
 `` he goes after the society princesses-takes them , ransoms them and , half the time , he kills them for sport . '' 
 that was n't exactly what cale had wanted to hear . 
 he and logan had headed into the back room while gunner ortez , the team 's very deadly ex-seal sniper , stayed in the den area to keep tabs on cassidy . 
 `` i guess this mission just became about hostage rescue , '' cale said as he turned away from logan to glance quickly toward the den . 
 good thing the eod agents specialized in that area . 
 even before he 'd joined the eod , cale had worked plenty of rescue cases on his own . 
 he 'd slipped in and out of more hellholes than he could count , rescuing folks that others had given up for dead . 
 logan did n't speak . 
 cale glanced back at him . 
 `` the locals ca n't handle this . 
 we can . '' 
 heading in and out of the dangerous spots that most would never dream of entering and saving those who could n't be saved was their area of expertise . 
 cale 's phone rang just as logan opened his mouth to speak . 
 he glanced down , realizing the time . 
 0600 . 
 mercer was always punctual . 
 he answered the call immediately . 
 `` cale - '' `` is cassidy in the room ? '' 
 mercer 's rough voice barked without bothering with any niceties . 
 that was mercer 's way , always cutting through the bull . 
 `` no , '' cale said . 
 `` but logan is . '' 
 he figured mercer would want to brief him , too . 
 he figured right . 
 `` put me on speaker . '' 
 done . 
 `` i know genevieve chevalier was taken a few hours ago , '' mercer announced . 
 he would . 
 did anything happen that the eod director was n't aware of ? 
 `` but tell me , '' mercer continued , voice even harder , `` that cassidy does n't know about her abduction yet . '' 
 an odd thing to say . 
 `` cassidy knows . '' 
 mercer swore . 
 `` she is not to go after genevieve , understand ? '' 
 `` but as an eod agent , she can - '' logan began . 
 `` cassidy is n't an eod agent . 
 she 's an asset , one that i want brought back into the office immediately . '' 
 an asset . 
 the lingo used to describe a person who had intel that was often vital to the eod 's success . 
 logan stepped closer as he frowned down at cale 's phone . 
 `` what about chevalier ? 
 cale thinks the executioner may be at work here , and i have to agree with him . 
 genevieve 's abduction sure seems to fit the victim profile developed for that killer . '' 
 `` cale 's been talking to cassidy . '' 
 a new note had entered mercer 's voice . 
 one that cale could n't quite understand . 
 `` be careful with her , cale . 
 before you know it , cassidy will have manipulated you into doing anything that she wants . 
 i 've seen it happen before , with plenty of other agents . '' 
 those words caused tension to harden cale 's muscles . 
 but he 'd already known that cassidy was a manipulator , had n't he ? 
 the instant cassidy came toward him with her eyes lit with desire , when she put those silken lips against his and so softly whispered ... help me . 
 his body had responded instantly to her . 
 how could he not respond to that sensual invitation ? 
 but he 'd suspected-damn it-that she was just trying to use him . 
 use his desire for her to get exactly what she wanted . 
 `` cassidy sherridan is to be brought back to the d.c. office right away . '' 
 now there was no emotion in mercer 's voice . 
 just a cold demand . 
 `` cale , you bring her back , got it ? 
 i 'll send a separate team down to hunt the executioner - '' `` but we 're already here , sir , '' logan cut in , his frown deepening . 
 `` even if cale leaves with the woman , gunner and i can do recon work . 
 we can find this bastard . 
 we can save chevalier . '' 
 `` i want you watching cale 's back , '' was mercer 's fast response . 
 `` guard them every second that cale and cassidy are down there . 
 i know those sobs already made a grab for cassidy once , and i wo n't have her falling into their hands . 
 cassidy 's safety is the priority . 
 she 's to be brought back to the u.s. . 
 once i know she 's safe , then i 'll make sure that the executioner is handled . '' 
 cale did n't like this plan . 
 not when a woman 's life was in the balance . 
 `` we do n't know how much time chevalier has , '' cale snapped , unable to hold back his anger . 
 just letting a woman stay in a killer 's hands ? 
 no . 
 that was n't the way he worked . 
 `` we 're here , we can - '' `` another team is already en route . 
 and the executioner ... i know how he works , '' mercer muttered . 
 `` he 'll be leaving the country asap . '' 
 all the more reason for them to hunt him , then . 
 `` get cassidy back here , cale , and that 's an order . '' 
 there was a whip of command in the words . 
 `` cassidy is the mission . 
 bring her back . 
 stay with her , and get her back to d.c. in one piece . '' 
 so much for the full briefing that he 'd wanted . 
 bodyguard duty was continuing , and genevieve chevalier-she was just going to be left on her own ? 
 he ended the call and fought to calm the fury that was growing in him . 
 he had n't agreed to join the eod so he could stand back while a woman was tortured and killed . 
 `` cale ... you heard the director . '' 
 logan was studying him worriedly . 
 yes , he 'd heard the director . 
 jaw locking , cale gritted his teeth . 
 `` are we just going to leave genevieve here ? '' 
 cassidy would n't want that . 
 he already knew just what kind of fight he 'd have on his hands as soon as he tried to force her from rio . 
 his gaze guarded , logan said , `` we follow orders . '' 
 right . 
 that was what good soldiers did . 
 only ... they were n't still in the military . 
 a plan began to form in his head . 
 protecting cassidy was mercer 's stated priority . 
 and as he protected cassidy , both logan and gunner were supposed to have his back . 
 so where cassidy went ... we all go . 
 a grim smile pulled at his lips . 
 maybe cassidy would get the help she wanted from him , after all . 
 and she did n't even have to seduce him in order to get it . 
 huh . 
 that was a pity . 
 * * * when cale came out of the back room he had a backpack thrown over his shoulder . 
 cassidy noted the bulge of his weapon under his arm . 
 she jumped to her feet . 
 `` you talked to mercer . '' 
 genevieve is gone . 
 it 's happening again . 
 i have to help her ! 
 a curt nod from cale . 
 `` it looks like you 've got yourself an escort back to the u.s. '' `` no . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she had n't even realized the denial had come from her until she heard his clipped response . 
 `` we ca n't leave ! 
 we have to help genevieve ! '' 
 `` a ransom demand has n't been given to her family yet , '' logan said . 
 cassidy thought she saw a flash of sympathy in his eyes , but that flash vanished too quickly for her to be certain . 
 `` how do you know that they have n't made contact ? '' 
 cassidy fired back , desperate . 
 `` they could have - '' `` the eod knows . 
 mercer assured us that he 's keeping tabs on the situation . '' 
 `` no , he 's keeping tabs on me . '' 
 there was plenty of bitterness in her voice . 
 `` because you 're an asset ? '' 
 cale had taken a few more steps toward her . 
 cassidy flinched . 
 `` is that what i am ? '' 
 it figured that mercer had pulled the old asset card . 
 he 'd used that before . 
 her trick of blending truth and lies ? 
 she 'd learned it from him . 
 learned it before she 'd even learned how to drive a car . 
 some lessons were taught early , and you never forgot them . 
 `` according to mercer - '' it was logan talking again-the other agent , gunner , had n't spoken to her at all while the others had been gone '' - you 're an important asset that has to be escorted back to d.c. , pronto . '' 
 this could n't be happening . 
 one of that bunch had to be sane . 
 `` you 're all going to escort me away while genevieve dies ? 
 while she 's tortured ? '' 
 if they would n't help her , she 'd have to help herself-and genevieve . 
 `` look , those guys-the executioner 's men-they want me . 
 they came to that ballroom looking for me . '' 
 cale had been right there when they 'd shouted her name . 
 `` what they wanted was to kill you hours ago . 
 that was a bullet that came your way in the alley , '' cale said , his hand tightening on the strap of his pack . 
 `` not an abduction attempt . '' 
 the guy was missing the obvious . 
 she gave a little growl of her own as she tried to explain what he should know . 
 `` they tried to kill you , not me . 
 i saved your hide , cowboy . '' 
 and she still had n't received any gratitude for that . 
 logan slanted what could have been an amused glance cale 's way . 
 `` cowboy ? '' 
 what ? 
 now gunner speaks ? 
 she ignored him and focused completely on cale . 
 `` i saved you , so now you owe me . 
 help me find genevieve-or at least , just , please , give me my own fighting chance to save her . '' 
 get out of my way and let me help my friend . 
 but he was n't showing any signs of giving in to her . 
 `` i have my orders . '' 
 her shoulders slumped . 
 cale was just like the others . 
 a robot , following all of mercer 's commands without question . 
 even if it meant that an innocent woman died . 
 cassidy was n't like that . 
 she was n't a robot , and she did n't care how angry mercer became . 
 after all , what was he going to do to her ? 
 send his agents to control her life ? 
 keep her locked up ? 
 secluded ? 
 been there , done that . 
 over and over again . 
 the other agents were n't helping her . 
 cale was n't helping . 
 so it was up to her to get the job done . 
 maybe the fact that they were all underestimating her ... maybe that would be her trump card . 
 she just had to wait for the perfect moment ... cassidy let her shoulders sag a little more as if she truly were defeated . 
 `` when do we leave ? '' 
 her voice came out soft , sad . 
 she was being careful not to let that telling hitch-as cale called it-slip out . 
 `` now . '' 
 what ? 
 she 'd sure have to act fast . 
 `` we 'll head to the airport right now , '' cale continued in his getting-it-done voice . 
 she decided she hated that voice as he added , `` you 'll be back in d.c. by nightfall . '' 
 her thoughts raced . 
 `` i do n't have my passport . 
 we 'll have to go back to my room and get it . '' 
 the executioner 's men might still be watching her hotel . 
 they 'd better be watching . 
 because she needed them to find her . 
 and take her . 
 chapter four she had to hurt cale in order for her escape to work . 
 she did n't want to hurt him , but there was no choice . 
 sometimes , you had to play dirty in this world . 
 the suv-cale 's ride , which had been waiting outside the safe house-pulled to a stop near the side of her hotel . 
 not the main entrance , because they did n't exactly want the valet staff there advertising their presence , but the staff entrance . 
 a quick in-and-out trip . 
 the other two eod agents were about twenty feet behind them , waiting across the street . 
 watching them carefully . 
 cassidy 's fingers flattened against her jean-clad thighs . 
 `` are you sure i ca n't change your mind ? '' 
 she had to try one more time . 
 cale turned off the engine and gave a slow shake of his head . 
 her breath expelled in a rush . 
 right . 
 just what she 'd thought . 
 i 'm sorry , cale . 
 and she was . 
 hurting people was n't her normal style . 
 then cale was exiting the vehicle and coming around to her side so very quickly . 
 when she climbed out , he kept his body close to hers , shadowing her every step . 
 protecting her . 
 while she prepared to hurt him . 
 cale had never searched her . 
 he probably should have done that . 
 if he 'd searched her when he 'd first found her in that alley , he would have found the small knife that she 'd strapped to her ankle . 
 she stumbled against him , bending low . 
 his arms curled around her sides as he steadied her . 
 she grabbed for the knife , moving as fast as she could . 
 when she straightened , cassidy had that knife at his side . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she whispered . 
 his eyes-that unforgettable blue-held hers as his body seemed to turn to stone . 
 `` you should n't do this . '' 
 she did n't want to do this to him . 
 `` i do n't have a choice . '' 
 they were so close , probably appearing like embracing lovers to any who might glance their way . 
 but one lover would n't threaten another with a knife . 
 `` you 're going to let me go . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 fine . 
 that had been the response that she had anticipated . 
 and the knife-well , that had just been a distraction ... because cale was moving even now with a ripple of motion , an attack designed to knock away the knife . 
 again , just what i expected . 
 but the knife was n't the threat . 
 she struck out with her left hand-her dominant hand-and caught him in the jaw . 
 she really did have a good left hook . 
 he stumbled back , slipped on the broken pavement and fell hard . 
 and cassidy did n't stay around to see what would happen next . 
 genevieve needed her . 
 cassidy spun away from cale and ran for the mouth of the alley that waited just a few feet away . 
 she heard car doors open . 
 then slam . 
 she knew that sound meant that the other agents would be coming after her . 
 hurry , hurry ... she had to get away from the eod agents . 
 there was n't any time to lose . 
 she had a lead of only seconds . 
 but it just might be long enough . 
 if the executioner 's men were watching ... if they saw her ... come and get me . 
 because this was her last chance to save genevieve . 
 * * * cale smiled as he rubbed his jaw . 
 she 'd landed a good punch . 
 not hard enough to take him down , well , not unless he 'd wanted to go down . 
 and he had . 
 the scene had to look believable , after all . 
 logan and gunner 's footsteps thundered toward him . 
 `` she did it , '' logan sounded a bit impressed . 
 `` i was n't sure that she 'd really carry through , but that woman was n't giving up . '' 
 cale had to admit that part of him was impressed with cassidy , too . 
 `` now let 's stick to the plan , '' cale said to the men . 
 the plan that cale had made up back at the safe house right before he 'd gone out and given cassidy the news about her imminent departure from rio . 
 `` you two keep your eyes on us , and if you lose visual at any time ... '' logan nodded . 
 `` we know exactly what to do . '' 
 a risky plan , but it was all that cale had to work with on short notice . 
 he rose to his feet and took off running toward the alley . 
 he could only allow cassidy a few moments ' head start . 
 otherwise , the watchers might realize they were walking into a trap . 
 a trap that used cassidy as the bait . 
 maybe he should have told her his plan , but he did n't trust her . 
 did n't know her well enough to trust her . 
 so he 'd done exactly what he had to do . 
 cassidy wanted her friend back alive . 
 he wanted to stop a killer . 
 he turned the corner , running faster now . 
 he saw cassidy up ahead , trying to scale a chain-link fence . 
 the lady was doing a good job of shimmying up . 
 she 'd just reached the top when he caught her ankle . 
 `` going somewhere ? '' 
 cale demanded , making sure the words carried a bite . 
 cassidy did n't yell . 
 did n't scream . 
 she did kick him , a sharp hit that surprised him enough to let her go . 
 then the woman heaved herself right over the fence and took off running . 
 hell , she was better than he 'd thought . 
 he leaped over the fence . 
 ran forward-and collided with the carnival crowd that was already spilling into the street . 
 so what if it was early ? 
 during these days in rio , cale knew that the party could be on the streets anytime . 
 music , voices , madness-everywhere . 
 cassidy had probably been planning on the crowd . 
 she probably thought it would help her to disappear . 
 she 'd thought wrong . 
 he kept constant sight of her , moving quickly , shoving people out of his way every few feet . 
 then cassidy turned into another alley . 
 he was right behind her . 
 only this alley did n't have a chain-link fence that she could scale . 
 a brick wall sealed her in . 
 `` no more running , '' he told her , making sure his voice carried over the roar from the crowd . 
 cassidy spun around to face him . 
 `` you 're wrong . 
 there 's always more running . 
 there 's - '' she broke off , her eyes widening as she looked at something-someone ? 
 - behind cale . 
 he knew what those wide eyes meant . 
 * * * his prey was finally taking the bait . 
 cale had wondered how long he would have to chase cassidy up and down those streets before they attracted the right attention . 
 he whirled around and saw the men coming toward him . 
 two men and a black van had just sealed off the alley 's entrance . 
 they 'd tried to take a shot at him before , so they could be planning to kill him , then take cassidy . 
 killing him was n't an option . 
 he had to stay alive and stay with her . 
 taking cassidy ? 
 yeah , that kind of had to happen . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 cassidy immediately yelled as she rushed forward . 
 `` do n't hurt him ! 
 i 'll come with you-just let him go ! '' 
 trying to protect him ? 
 interesting . 
 not that he needed that protection . 
 the men were wearing black ski masks again . 
 they had guns in their hands . 
 one ground out , `` boss wants him , too ... '' ah , now that was news . 
 cassidy tried to push in front of cale . 
 he pushed her right back behind him . 
 the men needed a warning . 
 `` if you hurt her , in any way , i 'll make sure you regret it . '' 
 that was really more of a promise than a warning . 
 he could disarm the men . 
 easy enough . 
 but ... would he then be able to turn the men against their boss ? 
 be able to get them to give him genevieve 's whereabouts ? 
 cale was n't sure . 
 in cases like this , some men never turned on their bosses . 
 death was an easier route than betrayal for them-and for the families that they would leave behind . 
 if this was their chance to take down the executioner , then they had to be taken inside the killer 's lair . 
 the men laughed at cale 's words . 
 `` you do n't get to give the orders . '' 
 the guy on the right pointed his gun at cale 's head . 
 `` you are n't the hero . '' 
 he also was n't the victim . 
 but he could play one , for now . 
 when the masked men told him to , cale climbed into the van . 
 he stayed right next to cassidy . 
 after all , that had been mercer 's order-stay close to her . 
 every moment . 
 he 'd take down the executioner and he 'd do his job . 
 the shadow agents did n't let innocents die , and he was n't about to let the killer escape from rio . 
 the van 's side door slammed closed . 
 and they sped away . 
 * * * logan quinn watched the black van race down the narrow road . 
 the men had taken the bait . 
 now ... he pulled out behind the van , making sure not to tail too closely . 
 after all , he did n't want to spook their prey . 
 he and gunner were backup for cale , so that meant they 'd follow him ... any place that he went . 
 `` is the tracking device working ? '' 
 logan asked as he slanted a fast glance toward gunner . 
 gunner had a laptop open in front of him . 
 the beacon was flashing on the screen . 
 `` working like a dream . 
 you know sydney would never send us any equipment that was less than perfect . '' 
 no , she would n't . 
 sydney would never risk the lives of any of the shadow agents . 
 every eod agent had a small chip implanted just beneath the skin , a precaution that mercer had insisted on after a particularly brutal mission in which they 'd lost an operative . 
 as long as that chip was in place , they 'd be able to track cale . 
 tracking cale meant tracking the executioner . 
 like cale , logan was more than ready to take the man down . 
 * * * they were tossed into a dark room , a basement holding room that was about twelve feet long and ten feet wide . 
 the gunmen locked them in with only a small lantern left for light . 
 locked them inside and walked away . 
 cassidy stood completely still in the weak light of the lantern . 
 `` i did n't mean for you to get taken with me . '' 
 guilt whispered through her words . 
 her back was to him . 
 cale wanted her to face him . 
 `` but you did mean to get taken yourself . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 now they were locked up , their weapons had been taken and ... `` what do you think will happen next ? 
 are you going to disarm the men who come back for us ? 
 going to take them out and make them lead you to their boss ? '' 
 actually , that was his plan , but cale was curious as to what cassidy had in mind . 
 she glanced over her shoulder at him . 
 `` i planned to trade my life for genevieve 's . '' 
 he laughed , then realized the woman was dead serious . 
 bad plan , cassidy . 
 bad . 
 he stalked toward her , anger making his muscles clench . 
 `` that 's not happening . '' 
 she spun to fully face him . 
 `` i 'm not letting her die . 
 i have ... value that the executioner does n't realize . 
 i can make this work . '' 
 `` because you 're an asset ? '' 
 an eod asset . 
 just what intel did she possess ? 
 others had tried to take down the eod before-those who 'd been clever enough to discover the division 's existence . 
 agents had been targeted , killed , but the eod had still come out on top in the end . 
 no one had destroyed them . 
 yet . 
 `` yes . 
 i have value because i 'm an asset . '' 
 and she thought to betray the agents . 
 men and women who were his friends . 
 `` i wo n't let you compromise the eod . '' 
 her hands had fisted at her sides . 
 `` maybe there are things that are more important than the eod ! '' 
 his fingers curled around her arms , but he made sure not to touch her bandage . 
 he did n't want to hurt her . 
 shake her , maybe , for the risks that she seemed so willing to take , but not hurt the woman . 
 `` do you have any idea how many agents are undercover right now ? 
 if you compromised their work , they 'd die . 
 do you want that on you ? 
 all those deaths ... on you ? '' 
 she blinked away what he was pretty sure were tears . 
 `` i do n't want any deaths on me . 
 that 's why i 'm here . '' 
 then she shoved against him . 
 he kept forgetting how deceptively strong she was . 
 `` and why you should n't be here ! 
 this is - '' the basement door opened . 
 light spilled inside , falling down the narrow staircase . 
 cale instantly grabbed cassidy and pushed her behind him . 
 he could n't see the face of the man waiting at the top of those stairs . 
 but it was all too easy to see the gun in his hand . 
 `` cassidy sherridan ... '' that voice-it was the guy from the ballroom . 
 the boss ? 
 or one of his flunkies ? 
 `` so good to finally have you here . '' 
 `` where 's genevieve ? '' 
 cassidy called out . 
 `` have you hurt her ? '' 
 the man did n't move down the steps . 
 so cale started moving toward him . 
 `` i 've only hurt her a little , '' the man said . 
 `` not too much-i still have to give proof of life . 
 ca n't do that if she 's bleeding all over the place . 
 families doubt when there 's too much blood . '' 
 cale was at the bottom of the steps . 
 logan and gunner would have followed him to this location . 
 they were probably outside , trying to figure out the best way to storm inside and take over . 
 cale just needed to buy them time . 
 `` you 've made a big mistake , '' cale told the man . 
 `` no . '' 
 the gun lifted , pointed right at cale 's chest . 
 `` you have . 
 you should have left the girl alone . 
 just let her come to me in that ballroom . 
 it would have saved you a world of pain if you 'd stepped aside . '' 
 he was going to fire . 
 cale knew it , and he moved in an instant , lunging to the right even as the bullet blasted out of the man 's gun . 
 cale just did n't move fast enough . 
 the bullet thudded into him . 
 he jerked back , twisting , and fell onto the dirty floor . 
 cassidy rushed toward him , and her fingers flew over his body . 
 `` cale ! '' 
 `` do n't worry , i was n't shooting to kill . 
 that was a warning , ms. sherridan . 
 you see , i 'm not playing games . 
 i will destroy anyone who gets in my way . 
 and next time ... unless you do exactly what i say ... the bullet will kill your lover . '' 
 the door squeaked as it closed . 
 then the heavy bolt was thrown into place once more . 
 `` cale ? '' 
 cassidy 's voice was broken . 
 carefully , slowly , she rolled him over . 
 `` please , cale , tell me that - '' he opened his eyes . 
 `` i 'm fine . '' 
 he caught her hands . 
 `` the bullet barely grazed me . '' 
 because he 'd moved quickly . 
 `` but-but i heard it hit you . '' 
 so he was lying . 
 the bullet was in his side , burning him , and he was bleeding a little more than he 'd like , but the wound would n't kill him . 
 he 'd had much worse . 
 `` i 'm fine , '' he said again . 
 she was on her knees beside him . 
 `` i did n't want you hurt . '' 
 his blood was n't on her hands . 
 `` i chose to go after you . '' 
 `` you were following orders . '' 
 her trembling fingers slid down his cheek . 
 he caught her fingers . 
 rose up toward her and ignored the pain . 
 their captors thought he was weak now . 
 a mistake on their part . 
 `` we 're getting out of here , and we 're getting your friend out . '' 
 because that guy had confirmed that he had genevieve . 
 it was doubtful that he had two separate prison locations for his victims . 
 so genevieve was probably somewhere in the building . 
 they just had to find her . 
 he realized that his mouth was just inches from cassidy 's . 
 she had n't backed away when he 'd risen . 
 her fingers curled around his shoulders . 
 `` you knew all this would happen , did n't you ? '' 
 there was a new understanding in her voice . 
 `` you mean following you after you decked me ... that it would lead us to the missing woman ? 
 to the killer ? '' 
 he heard the faint click of her swallow . 
 `` my hit did n't knock you down , did it ? 
 it did n't take you out any more than that bullet did . '' 
 he smiled and wondered just how much she could see in that weak light . 
 `` i was always a pretty good actor . '' 
 the sound she made was half laugh , half sob . 
 then her arms were tightening around him . 
 `` thank you ! '' 
 because he 'd gone against orders ? 
 or `` bent '' those orders ? 
 for her . 
 her mouth was too close . 
 she was too tempting , and the knife edge of adrenaline and fury weakened his control just enough that he had to - take . 
 his lips closed over hers . 
 not easy . 
 not soft . 
 he thrust his tongue into her mouth and savored her taste . 
 cassidy 's taste-it was so sweet and hot . 
 when he kissed her , he craved things that he should n't . 
 he forgot the mission . 
 forgot protocol . 
 wanted . 
 her . 
 naked . 
 beneath him , in bed . 
 and i will have her that way . 
 `` so i guess your seduction worked , '' he murmured against her lips . 
 he felt the ripple of surprise that trembled through her . 
 she pulled her head back , shook it slightly . 
 `` i was n't ... '' `` when we 're out of here , you 'll owe me . '' 
 a sensual promise . 
 he 'd make sure she paid exactly what was owed . 
 cassidy did n't speak . 
 cale forced himself to let her go . 
 their captors would be coming back soon . 
 they needed to be ready . 
 `` look for a weapon . '' 
 something small they could use against their enemies . 
 they just needed the element of surprise on their side . 
 they 'd get it , especially with gunner and logan working nearby . 
 she eased away from him and began searching with the lantern 's light . 
 `` there 's nothing here . '' 
 no , not a damn thing . 
 except ... the lantern . 
 the bolt slid free upstairs . 
 the door began to squeak open . 
 he took the lantern from her . 
 the door opened more , spilling light . 
 cale lifted the lantern . 
 he waited just a few more precious seconds . 
 then he threw down the lantern , shattering it . 
 even as a voice swore at the top of the stairs , cale was picking up a chunk of broken glass . 
 not the knife he liked to use , but it would get the job done . 
 because when it came to close-contact warfare , he was the best . 
 the men would n't have a target down there now . 
 there was n't enough light to see . 
 they could n't shoot from above . 
 he wrapped his left hand around cassidy 's arm , pulled her back . 
 then he smiled up at the silhouette that waited on that staircase . 
 come and get me . 
 * * * `` what the hell do you mean ? '' 
 mercer roared into the phone . 
 `` she 's taken ? 
 cassidy ? 
 damn it , logan , i gave your team an order . 
 cassidy was to be watched , protected at all costs ! '' 
 the eod director 's furious voice blasted in logan 's ear . 
 logan kept his own voice calm as he replied , `` she 's not alone , sir . 
 cale is with her . '' 
 that did n't seem to reassure him . 
 `` he better make sure that she 's not so much as bruised . 
 do you hear me ? '' 
 actually , logan was hearing a whole lot of emotion in the director 's voice-emotion that had never been there before , and he 'd worked on plenty of cases with mercer during his time at the eod . 
 `` cassidy is the priority . 
 she is the mission . '' 
 mercer sounded like the words were being torn from him . 
 `` you do whatever is necessary to get her out alive . 
 do you understand ? 
 there are no restrictions on this case . 
 if the enemy gets in your way , you take them out . 
 all of them . '' 
 mercer 's words were too ragged . 
 there was too much fury-and fear-in his orders . 
 this was n't just about some asset . 
 what are we involved in ? 
 what is cassidy to him ? 
 the director had always told him that cases were n't supposed to get personal , but right now mercer was crossing all the lines that he 'd drawn himself . 
 `` if anything happens to cassidy sherridan , i will destroy your team . '' 
 logan stiffened at that guttural vow . 
 `` do n't threaten me . '' 
 he did n't care who he was talking to . 
 `` then do n't screw up ! 
 you had an order-bring her in . 
 you think i do n't know what this is ? 
 your team is too good to let this happen unless you wanted it to happen . '' 
 logan did n't reply . 
 his gaze was on the darkened building that waited less than a hundred feet away . 
 the building that he 'd soon be storming . 
 `` you wanted to take out the executioner , did n't you ? 
 and you thought you 'd use my-use cassidy to do it . '' 
 the slipup had been brief , but logan had heard it . 
 `` when cassidy is back , there 's going to be a full accounting . 
 do you hear me ? 
 your whole team will be up for review with me . 
 now do your job-get her out of there . '' 
 mercer swore . 
 `` i 'm sending the others who 've been on standby . 
 i wo n't risk her . '' 
 the line went dead . 
 the others ? 
 mercer has more agents down here . 
 they 've been watching us . 
 so that meant that backup would be coming their way . 
 even if those agents did n't have eyes on them , mercer could track logan-the same way that logan and gunner had tracked cale . 
 logan shoved his phone aside , picked up his weapon and got ready for the battle that was waiting . 
 * * * she had n't planned to pull cale into this mess . 
 he was n't supposed to be a hostage . 
 if anything happened to him because of her , cassidy knew she 'd feel the aching guilt every day for the rest of her life . 
 no , cale is strong . 
 he 's probably been in and out of every hellhole on earth . 
 but he 'd been shot moments before . 
 he was weak . 
 he could n't handle these men while he was hurt . 
 despite what he might think , the man was only human . 
 `` stay behind me . '' 
 cale 's words were the barest whisper . 
 he had a weapon , of sorts , clutched in his hand . 
 a broken shard of glass . 
 she 'd grabbed a chunk of the glass , too . 
 she was n't going to be defenseless , no matter what was coming her way . 
 she should have told cale the full truth about herself-that there had been no need for him to be captured . 
 not when the cavalry always had a direct linkup to her ... and her location . 
 she 'd had a plan in place . 
 the minute she 'd vanished from cale 's sight , mercer should have been alerted . 
 her hand rose to her shoulder . 
 the smallest spot of raised flesh was there , hiding her tracking device . 
 mercer had made sure she had the device implanted . 
 when she 'd vanished , he would have been notified immediately . 
 he would have gotten a gps lock on her-he would have sent in his men ... and then the executioner could have been taken down . 
 the plan had seemed so perfect , mostly because the only threat had been to her . 
 but now cale was a hostage with her . 
 he was wounded , and he was about to launch himself at the men coming down the stairs . 
 four men were rushing toward them . 
 cale just had that broken glass . 
 he could n't defeat them all . 
 he does n't have to defeat them . 
 mercer will have learned about my abduction by now-the other agents who 'd worked with cale would have reported to him . 
 so mercer had probably already started tracking her . 
 cale did n't have to risk his life . 
 all they had to do was keep their captors distracted . 
 i have to keep cale alive . 
 because while the executioner might be planning to use her , cale would be disposable to him . 
 and if cale came out of that darkness fighting ... his body was tense . 
 ready to spring out and attack . 
 cassidy could n't let him do it . 
 she could n't let him risk himself that way . 
 she ran away from him , racing toward the stairs . 
 `` cassidy ! '' 
 cale shouted . 
 but he had n't been prepared for her move . 
 so he could n't stop her . 
 she nearly collided with a man in a black ski mask . 
 his hands flew out and locked around her . 
 the chunk of glass fell from her fingers . 
 `` please do n't hurt him ! '' 
 the man 's fingers tightened around her , and he yanked her against him , spinning her so that her back pressed against his chest . 
 `` why ever not ? '' 
 his voice was deep , rumbling , terrifying . 
 `` i enjoy hurting people . '' 
 but the executioner had never taken a man hostage . 
 in all the time that she 'd been following him , he 'd never picked a male for his prey . 
 until now . 
 `` it was a mistake . 
 you wanted me , not him . '' 
 her breath was ragged , and the trembling in her voice was n't an act . 
 the fear was real . 
 `` you 've got me . 
 let him go . '' 
 cale had lunged forward . 
 he waited now , at the foot of the stairs , his hands clenched into fists . 
 the light from the top of the stairs barely illuminated him . 
 `` i 'm not letting him go . 
 your hero nearly ruined everything for me . '' 
 her captor 's breath blew over her ear . 
 `` so i 'm going to make sure he suffers . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 cale suffering was n't part of the plan . 
 `` you have me-let him go ! '' 
 `` get him , '' the man said to the others as he climbed back up the stairs , pulling cassidy with him . 
 the bodies of the other men shoved against her as they ran for cale . 
 `` no ! '' 
 cassidy yelled . 
 only ... there was the thud of fists connecting with flesh . 
 three men had closed in on cale . 
 three against one . 
 one of the executioner 's guards fell down , groaning . 
 a second joined him moments later . 
 cassidy saw the flash of cale 's weapon as he sliced out at the third attacker . 
 vicious . 
 fast . 
 deadly . 
 the fight happened in a matter of seconds , and all three of cale 's attackers wound up on the floor , groaning and immobile . 
 `` now i 'm coming for you , '' cale said as he started to make his way up the stairs . 
 `` so you need to get your hands off her . '' 
 but her captor 's hands had tightened , and cassidy felt the sharp slice of a blade on her neck . 
 `` can you see the knife in my right hand ? '' 
 the man holding her demanded . 
 `` because it 's at her throat . 
 you take one more step , hero , and i 'll slice her from ear to ear . '' 
 cassidy was n't breathing . 
 she knew the man meant exactly what he said . 
 cale stopped advancing . 
 `` you 're bluffing . 
 if she 's dead , then you ca n't use her . 
 you ca n't ransom her . '' 
 `` no , but there are others like her . 
 rich , useless women who can be taken and controlled . 
 there are always more , just waiting to be taken . '' 
 waiting to be killed ? 
 she heard the thud of footsteps behind them . 
 more of the executioner 's men , coming to help him . 
 coming to hurt cale ? 
 to kill him ? 
 how much more time needed to pass before help came for her and cale ? 
 cassidy licked her lips . 
 `` was ... helen mcdonough ... so useless ? 
 so easy to control ? '' 
 she felt his start of surprise against her . 
 cale advanced a step . 
 `` helen ? '' 
 the man repeated . 
 `` i remember her so well . 
 she was my first . 
 you never forget your first . '' 
 she wanted to sink that knife into his throat . 
 `` she was my friend ! '' 
 cale crept up another step . 
 `` she was a spoiled princess who begged while i sliced her ... begged ... '' he jerked cassidy back , yanking her up the stairs and away from cale . 
 they crossed the threshold and stumbled into another room . 
 `` just like you 'll beg before i 'm done with you . '' 
 chapter five and , with his cold , brutal words , cassidy let the mask that she 'd worn for so long fall away . 
 her fear was real-but so was her rage . 
 `` no . 
 i wo n't beg . '' 
 she shoved back with her elbow as hard as she could . 
 he grunted , and his hold loosened . 
 that little bit of slack was all she needed . 
 cassidy ducked , dropping right from under his arm . 
 the knife sliced over her , but she did n't care . 
 `` cassidy ! '' 
 cale 's bellow . 
 his footsteps thundered up the stairs . 
 she swiped out with her hand and yanked the ski mask off the man who 'd held her . 
 the man who spoke of helen 's death so callously . 
 the executioner . 
 his men were crowding in behind him . 
 some held guns . 
 some had no weapons at all . 
 she ignored them . 
 hurry , mercer , hurry . 
 cassidy stared up at the monster who 'd haunted so many of her dreams . 
 only he did n't look like a monster . 
 under the bright light , his blond hair gleamed . 
 his face was handsome , cut in smooth , clean lines . 
 he could have been any man that she 'd met at a dozen parties . 
 he should have looked as evil as he was . 
 he offered her a smile . 
 `` not what you expected , am i ? '' 
 he lifted his knife , a knife red from her blood . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 by the time i 'm finished , you 'll have changed your mind . '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 cale 's voice . 
 he burst from the basement . 
 `` you wo n't be - '' an alarm sounded , then , the shrill cry echoing through the building , and that jarring sound was a relief to cassidy . 
 the most beautiful sound that she 'd ever heard . 
 if the alarm was sounding , then that meant ... `` he was followed ! '' 
 the executioner cried . 
 `` damn it , we have to - '' gunfire exploded . 
 only the gunfire did n't come from the weapons that the executioner 's men held . 
 the bullets hit the executioner 's men , taking them out . 
 the executioner reached for cassidy , but cale was there , shoving him back , driving his weapon at the blond man even as the executioner sliced with his own blade . 
 the scent of blood deepened . 
 and the gunshots kept blasting . 
 the executioner stumbled back . 
 he stared down at his blood-covered chest in shock . 
 `` no , not to me ... '' he lifted his weapon once more . 
 `` you do n't stop - '' bullets slammed into his exposed chest . 
 one hit . 
 two . 
 three . 
 he jerked back with each impact , as if he were a puppet being yanked on a string . 
 blood dripped from his mouth . 
 his eyes went wide , then he fell back , slamming into the floor . 
 his men-those still alive , anyway-began firing back at their assailants . 
 a bullet blazed just past cassidy 's arm , so close that she felt the burn on her skin . 
 then cale was there , shielding her , rushing her toward the door on the right . 
 he made sure his body covered hers for every step that they took . 
 he ripped open the door . 
 over his shoulder , she saw men coming from the shadows . 
 men who moved with a lethal precision that marked them as hunters . 
 she counted four-no , five of them . 
 `` cassidy ? '' 
 the voice came from inside the room that she and cale had just entered . 
 it was weak and scared ... and the whispery voice belonged to genevieve . 
 cassidy rushed toward her . 
 genevieve was tied to a chair . 
 her friend was sobbing , shaking . 
 she 'd nearly managed to break free from her bonds ; the rope was barely clinging to her wrists . 
 cale cut through the remaining rope with the glass he still held . 
 just a piece of glass , but it was a weapon he 'd used with brutal efficiency time and again . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 genevieve demanded as she reached for cassidy . 
 `` those shots ... '' tears leaked down her cheeks . 
 `` are we going to die ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 cale 's voice was certain . 
 `` i 'm getting you both out of here . '' 
 she believed him . 
 after the way she 'd seen him take down those men-just with that shard of glass-she was ready to believe that cale could do anything . 
 the door flew open behind them . 
 cale spun , body tensing , as he faced the new threat . 
 cassidy recognized the man in the doorway . 
 logan-cale 's teammate . 
 `` figured you could use some backup about now . '' 
 logan 's gaze slid to cassidy , narrowed . 
 `` apparently mercer figured the same thing . 
 he sent in a full detail with guns blazing . '' 
 she could still hear those blazing guns . 
 logan inclined his head when he noticed genevieve 's huddled form . 
 `` you saved the girl . '' 
 `` and stopped the killer , '' cassidy said , straightening . 
 the gunfire-it had just ended . 
 genevieve 's cries deepened behind her . 
 `` the executioner is dead , '' cassidy told logan . 
 `` he 'd be the blond out there , '' cale added . 
 `` the one with three bullets in his chest and his right shoulder carved open . '' 
 `` you do like to play rough , '' logan muttered . 
 `` the bullets came from someone else . 
 i 'm guessing that full detail you mentioned , because i know gunner would have only needed one shot . '' 
 genevieve grabbed for cassidy 's arm . 
 `` get me out of here ! '' 
 cassidy nodded . 
 logan checked behind him . 
 then he tapped a small , black headset at his ear . 
 `` are we clear ? '' 
 a pause . 
 `` then i 'm bringing them out . '' 
 cale reached for cassidy 's left hand . 
 did he stumble ? 
 she studied his face . 
 he was pale , far paler than she 'd ever seen him before . 
 `` cale needs help ! 
 he was shot . '' 
 his fingers tightened on hers . 
 `` baby , i got this . '' 
 how could he sound so calm ? 
 so ... certain ? 
 but then they were being led back out of the room , and genevieve 's cries grew worse at the sight that confronted her . 
 blood . 
 death . 
 `` i do n't know how he got these guys here so fast , '' logan mused as he surveyed the team that was making quick work of cleaning up the bloody scene . 
 `` i figured when i gave him the news that mercer would track your unit , cale , but then he already had these men just mere miles out as gunner and i were getting into launch position . '' 
 his unit ? 
 oh , cale had a tracker , too . 
 they did n't know about her own device . 
 because they did n't know about her . 
 `` ma'am ? '' 
 cassidy glanced up and saw a man standing before her . 
 he had close-cropped , black hair and golden eyes . 
 a long scar cut across his right cheek . 
 he wore all black , and he had a gun holstered at his side . 
 he offered his hand to her . 
 `` you 're supposed to come with me , ms. sherridan . '' 
 ms. sherridan ? 
 that guy knew her better than that . 
 cale immediately shoved that offered hand to the side . 
 `` the hell she is , lancaster . '' 
 so cale knew him , too . 
 not surprising . 
 agent lancaster had been with the eod for a few years now . 
 lancaster slanted his gaze toward cale . 
 `` you 'll need that wound tended to . '' 
 cale 's body all but vibrated with rage . 
 `` what i need is for you - '' `` russell , owens ... you two make sure that ms. chevalier is checked out and returned home . '' 
 two more men in black moved toward genevieve at lancaster 's order . 
 genevieve inched closer to cassidy . 
 `` what 's going on ? 
 who are these men , cassidy ? '' 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 cassidy gave her a hug . 
 `` they 're the good guys . '' 
 mostly . 
 `` they 'll keep you safe . '' 
 after a moment , genevieve nodded and slowly walked away with the men . 
 lancaster still stood in front of cassidy . 
 `` i 've got my orders . 
 mercer wants me to bring her in . '' 
 he was staring at cassidy , but his words were for cale . 
 `` she stays with me . 
 i 'm the one who - '' `` you 're the one who used her so that he could play hero and take down the executioner . '' 
 lancaster 's voice was flat . 
 `` mercer knows exactly who you are . '' 
 no , he had that wrong . 
 cale had n't used her . 
 she was the one who 'd put him in jeopardy . 
 `` you do n't seriously think he just ... let you go , do you , ms. sherridan ? '' 
 lancaster shook his dark head . 
 `` mercer was very clear on what cale was to do on the extraction ... and he did n't follow orders . '' 
 `` so now you 're taking over ? '' 
 cale gritted out . 
 `` yes , i am . '' 
 but cassidy did n't want to go with him . 
 she ... she trusted cale . 
 she wanted to be with him . 
 so she twined her fingers with his . 
 `` where i go , he goes . '' 
 lancaster 's dark brows climbed . 
 `` so unless you have orders to physically pry me away from him - '' doubtful , though she would n't put that past mercer '' - then you can escort us both out of here . 
 you are n't taking me away from cale . '' 
 a muscle jerked in lancaster 's jaw . 
 `` figured you 'd be as stubborn as mercer . '' 
 her breath caught . 
 he knew . 
 but then , lancaster had worked with her longer than most agents had . 
 a faint smile lifted lancaster 's lips . 
 there were secrets in his eyes . 
 plenty of them . 
 cassidy knew she would have to deal very , very carefully with agent lancaster . 
 * * * most folks would have never noticed the small clinic . 
 it was n't in the heart of rio , was n't close to the carnival celebration . 
 it was near the jungle , barely clinging to the edge of civilization . 
 the doctor there knew how to keep quiet-and he also knew how to hurriedly patch an ex-soldier 's wounds . 
 no anesthesia was given . 
 cale did n't want anything to dull his senses . 
 the bullet was pulled from him ; the stitches sank into his skin . 
 cassidy stayed by his side every moment , her worried gaze on him . 
 blood streaked her clothes . 
 blood and dirt . 
 she had to be exhausted after all that she 'd been through , but the woman remained on her feet , stubbornly holding his hand like it was a lifeline for her . 
 or for him . 
 this ... this was the spoiled debutante that he 'd scoffed at before ? 
 hell , no . 
 this woman was completely different . 
 she was strong , and brave , and ... he wanted her so badly that he ached . 
 the newest bullet wound he had did n't matter . 
 the bruises and aches in his body were all but forgotten . 
 cassidy-and the growing need that he felt for her-consumed him . 
 he could n't take his eyes off her face . 
 so lovely . 
 so perfect . 
 when the executioner had put his knife to her throat , when cale had thought that cassidy might die ... i went a little mad . 
 he 'd raced up those stairs and had been ready to beat the man to death in an instant . 
 been ready to do anything for her . 
 `` finished . '' 
 the doctor 's english was rough , but his fingers were fast enough as they snapped up the money that logan offered for services rendered . 
 `` obrigado . '' 
 cale thanked him in portuguese . 
 the doctor nodded , then hurried from the small room . 
 logan followed him . 
 cale was left alone with cassidy . 
 finally . 
 he eased up , feeling the stretch of those new stitches as he sat on the edge of the metal exam table . 
 cassidy 's leg brushed against his . 
 `` take it easy , '' she said , eyes worried . 
 `` you do n't want to undo the man 's work so soon . '' 
 he pulled her closer , positioning her so that she stood between his spread knees . 
 `` you were wearing a mask . '' 
 he could see that now . 
 no , see her . 
 she blinked at him . 
 `` uh , cale , did you hit your head at any time during that fight ? 
 maybe it 's too much blood loss ... '' his fingers rose and curled around her chin . 
 `` stop , cassidy . 
 i see you now . '' 
 for an instant , fear flashed in her eyes , but she blinked and the emotion was gone . 
 just like that . 
 she was very good at wearing her mask . 
 a much better actor than he was . 
 `` what do you think it is that you see ? '' 
 her lips twisted . 
 `` a woman who almost got you killed ? '' 
 `` a woman who was willing to risk her life to stop a killer . '' 
 her lashes lowered . 
 `` i did n't want you hurt . 
 you ca n't keep taking bullets for me . '' 
 his hand went to hers once more . 
 he brought her fingers to his bare chest . 
 she flinched at the contact . 
 he had to bite back a groan . 
 her hand was so soft , and she was-caressing him . 
 almost as if she did n't even realize what she was doing . 
 swallowing , he moved her fingers , making sure that she felt all of the scars that marked him . 
 old bullet wounds . 
 knife wounds . 
 too many battles over too many years . 
 `` i 'm used to risk , '' he told her . 
 her lips parted as a soft sigh slipped from her . 
 `` but this risk should have been mine , not yours . '' 
 she was tracing the scar on his left side , just a few inches above his nipple . 
 his pants were too tight , and cale knew she had to see his arousal . 
 there was no hiding some things . 
 but cassidy did n't back away from him . 
 she eased even closer . 
 his heartbeat kicked up . 
 `` i 've never seen anyone fight the way you did . '' 
 when it came to up-close kills , he knew he had a brutal talent . 
 but that was n't something he would have chosen for her to see . 
 i guess we 're both seeing things we should n't . 
 `` why do you do it ? '' 
 cale asked , voice deep and rough because the arousal he felt for her pulsed through him . 
 `` why do you pretend to be the party girl , flitting from one ballroom to another ? '' 
 `` maybe that is who i am . '' 
 where his voice had been rough , hers was soft . 
 husky . 
 `` no pretending needed . '' 
 he did n't buy it anymore . 
 `` no . 
 you 're the woman who did n't flinch when the executioner had his knife at her throat . '' 
 even though she 'd flinched when she 'd touched cale 's chest . 
 so many contradictions . 
 so much mystery . 
 that was cassidy . 
 `` you 're strong and you 're smart , and you do n't let fear control you . '' 
 her gaze met his . 
 she did n't stop touching him . 
 `` that 's because i ca n't let it control me . 
 i wo n't . '' 
 she was so much stronger than he 'd realized . 
 i was a fool . 
 `` they 're going to try to take me away from you . '' 
 cassidy 's soft words made him furious-because he knew they were true . 
 he 'd screwed up . 
 he had n't protected her as he should have , and now mercer already had other eod agents there to take over her case . 
 one agent in particular ... drew lancaster . 
 the guy was good-cold but good . 
 former delta force , lancaster had a reputation for emotionless hunts . 
 some said he had ice that pumped through his veins , not blood . 
 `` i guess that 's the way it works , right ? 
 agents come , agents go . '' 
 her smile was bittersweet . 
 `` but i 'm not going to forget you as easily as i have the others . '' 
 `` damn straight , you 're not . '' 
 he sure would n't be forgetting her anytime soon , and-he did n't want to let her go . 
 so he tightened his hold on her . 
 `` why did you kiss me in that basement ? '' 
 cale asked her , unable to hold back the question . 
 she had n't needed to seduce him then . 
 `` i did it for the same reason that i kissed you the first time . '' 
 the first time her lips had brushed against his , cale had thought that she was trying to manipulate him with sex . 
 a trick that would n't have worked coming from most women . 
 only she was n't most women . 
 he was finding that he would do just about anything for her . 
 `` what was the reason ? '' 
 he pressed , because he wanted to hear her confession . 
 `` do n't you already know ? '' 
 then she leaned toward him . 
 her lips feathered lightly over his . 
 `` because i want you , cale lane . 
 i kissed you the first time because i needed to feel your mouth on mine , and the second time-it was about need , too . 
 about me wanting you , needing you , as a memory to hold against anything bad that could happen to me in that terrible place . '' 
 had she thought that she might not escape the executioner alive ? 
 her lips molded to his . 
 his mouth opened as he took control of the kiss . 
 he wanted more than just a light touch from her . 
 he wanted everything . 
 that was exactly what he was determined to have . 
 he 'd never get used to her taste , a combination of sweet and rich flavor-like champagne and chocolate . 
 he felt like he could get drunk from her . 
 touching her , tasting her , made the blood pump harder in his veins . 
 her br ** sts pushed against him , the ni ** les tight peaks , and he wanted to strip away her clothes . 
 to see all of her . 
 but not in some run-down clinic that was sinking into the jungle . 
 not with half a dozen agents waiting outside the door . 
 he wanted her , and he wanted them to be far away from the rest of the world . 
 that 's not happening now . 
 as if in echo of his thoughts , a knock sounded at the door . 
 cassidy tried to pull back . 
 he did n't let her go . 
 the door swung open . 
 he kept his mouth on hers , because he was n't done with her . 
 `` that 's a really bad idea , lane , '' drew lancaster said as he entered the room . 
 from where cale sat , it was the best idea that he 'd had in a long time . 
 because he had n't ever wanted someone as much as he wanted her . 
 taking his time , cale lifted his head . 
 then he eased from the table , making sure to keep cassidy close . 
 `` you 're interrupting , drew . '' 
 drew shook his head . 
 `` i 'm just here to tell the lady that her ride is waiting . 
 mercer pulled his strings , and our flight leaves in just over an hour . '' 
 mercer was always pulling strings , playing them all . 
 drew turned to cassidy . 
 `` he wants you back on u.s. soil . '' 
 `` is cale coming with us ? 
 because i told you-i wo n't leave without him . '' 
 drew showed no surprise at cassidy 's demand . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 he 's coming . 
 the director is particularly looking forward to a little chat with him . '' 
 wonderful . 
 he 'd just joined the eod a few months ago , and now he might find himself getting kicked out of the division because he 'd refused to follow orders . 
 being a team player did n't always work so well for him . 
 `` it 's okay , '' cassidy said to cale . 
 `` i 'll make mercer understand what happened . '' 
 hard to do . 
 cale realized that cassidy did n't fully understand what had happened herself . 
 she thought that she 'd duped him , that she 'd escaped . 
 she still did n't get that he 'd used her as bait . 
 what the hell was i thinking ? 
 `` mercer wants you to call him , ms. sherridan , '' drew said as his attention swept between her and cale . 
 `` you need to check in with him before we leave for the flight . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 she pushed back her shoulders , as if bracing herself . 
 `` better get this over with . '' 
 then she was heading for the door . 
 cale did n't move . 
 he just watched her walk away-his focus on the slight sway of her hips . 
 he was drawn to everything about her . 
 he was in so much trouble . 
 the door shut behind her with a soft click . 
 as soon as cassidy was gone , drew gave a low whistle . 
 `` do n't get me wrong , man . 
 i can understand the temptation . '' 
 since when did agent ice understand any kind of temptation ? 
 `` but you do n't seem to get who you are messing around with , '' drew continued . 
 `` mercer will crucify you for this . '' 
 `` i kept cass-i kept the asset safe , '' cale corrected himself deliberately . 
 mercer might not like his methods , but he 'd done his job . 
 `` and i brought down an internationally wanted killer . 
 i think mercer can stand to cut me some slack . '' 
 drew rocked back on his heels . 
 `` you need to pay more attention to what 's right in front of you . '' 
 what the hell was that supposed to mean ? 
 `` you need to watch yourself with cassidy sherridan . '' 
 now it sounded like drew was giving him a warning . 
 `` she 's not at all what she appears to be . '' 
 he 'd already figured that out on his own . 
 `` a woman like her will burn you , and if you are n't careful , there wo n't be anything left but ash . '' 
 drew turned away . 
 cale lunged after him . 
 he grabbed the guy 's arm . 
 `` how do you know so much about cassidy ? '' 
 `` because i 've been on guard duty with her a few times before . '' 
 at those words , a stab of jealousy shot through cale . 
 jealousy ? 
 why would he be jealous of another agent doing his job ? 
 but ... that job was cassidy , and he sure did n't like the idea of drew lancaster being so close to her . 
 `` on my last stint with cassidy , i was on protection detail with her for three months . 
 you can learn a lot about a person when you watch her 24/7 . '' 
 cale 's back teeth clenched . 
 `` you just met her , did n't you ? 
 known her only a few days ... '' drew pulled away from him . 
 `` take the advice that i 'm giving , man . 
 do n't get close to her . 
 kissing her was probably the worst mistake you could 've made . '' 
 cale forced a mocking smile . 
 `` nah , i do n't think it even ranks in my top ten . '' 
 a furrow appeared between drew 's eyes . 
 `` i heard the rumors about you . 
 that you 're not even supposed to be in the eod . 
 that you have - '' `` overly aggressive tendencies ? '' 
 cale quoted from what he knew was in an old case file-courtesy of a shrink who 'd been out to punish him . 
 `` that i 'm prone to extreme violence ? '' 
 he 'd sure gotten violent with those jerks in that basement . 
 because they 'd tried to come between him and cassidy . 
 drew studied him . 
 `` at first , i thought the rumors were b.s. hell , show me a soldier who is n't aggressive . '' 
 aggression was part of who they were . 
 `` but i saw what you left behind in that basement , hoss . '' 
 drew 's mississippi drawl roughened the words . 
 `` and now i know exactly how you like to play . '' 
 cale stared back at him . 
 `` i was n't playing . '' 
 `` cassidy is n't for you . 
 she 's not supposed to wind up with a soldier who likes to kill . '' 
 he did n't flinch . 
 barely . 
 `` there are other plans in place for her . 
 you need to remember that before it 's too late . '' 
 then drew turned his back on cale and opened the door . 
 cale did n't follow him . 
 he was too busy remembering the feel of broken glass in his hands . 
 he could still smell the blood . 
 still hear the grunts from the guards . 
 a soldier who likes to kill ... what chance did he have with a society princess ? 
 he knew they were different , from two worlds that could n't have been farther apart . 
 only ... i want her . 
 she was the first thing he 'd wanted for himself in longer than he could remember . 
 and cale had no plans to walk away from her . 
 chapter six the looming building that housed the eod rose before cassidy . 
 she did n't normally head into the main office because mercer liked to keep her away from that area . 
 he 'd always said that the fewer people who actually knew about her , the better . 
 she 'd refused to let his words hurt her . 
 no , she 'd refused to act like they hurt . 
 because they had . 
 the hustle and bustle of washington , d.c. , zoomed past her . 
 night had fallen again , and the city seemed to beat with a pulse of life . 
 tourists strolled on the sidewalks , impatient cabdrivers zipped through the traffic and that big building just waited . 
 it was n't like anyone could prance inside and see elite operations division emblazoned on the windows and doors of the offices . 
 the eod operated below the radar-most civilians would never know of its existence . 
 armed guards waited just inside the lobby , and no one got past those guards , not without some very good clearance . 
 so any clueless tourists who wandered inside , looking for a bit of d.c. history , would quickly find themselves escorted elsewhere . 
 the suv pulled to a slow stop near the eod headquarters . 
 drew turned toward her . 
 he 'd been her companion for the past twelve hours . 
 he ... and cale . 
 cale had been on the plane with her . 
 cale 's two teammates-logan and the ever-quiet gunner-had been there , too . 
 only now , cale , logan and gunner were in the vehicle behind them . 
 they had all been asked to come to mercer 's office . 
 she knew mercer must have plans to berate them for her capture , but she was n't going to let those men be punished . 
 she 'd left ; she 'd disobeyed his orders . 
 not them . 
 `` cassidy ... '' drew 's sigh of her name had her glancing at him . 
 at least he 'd finally dropped the annoying `` ms. sherridan '' bit . 
 when her focus landed on him , he said , `` you ... you need to be careful with cale lane . '' 
 she actually liked drew . 
 sure , she 'd heard the whispers that the guy was supposed to bleed ice water , but she 'd never found him particularly cold . 
 he 'd talked to her during his guard assignments . 
 he had n't acted like she was an annoying piece of fluff that he had to deal with-the way most agents usually did . 
 heck , even the way that cale had originally looked at her . 
 i see you now . 
 cale 's words rang through her mind . 
 she could n't get the man out of her mind . 
 `` there have been some rumors about him , '' drew continued . 
 `` i just ... you 're not as strong as you think , cass , and i know just how cosseted mercer has made sure that you are . '' 
 cosseted ... was that his slang for guarded ? 
 locked up ? 
 kept away from the opposite sex ? 
 because until she 'd hit eighteen , she 'd been in a boarding school-that was where she 'd met helen and genevieve . 
 and after she 'd finished college , her father had made sure that her guard duty was in place . 
 he 'd amped up the protection when helen had died-and when cassidy had started her hunt for the executioner . 
 `` just because he 's an agent , it does n't mean that you should trust him . '' 
 his words floored cassidy . 
 you 're wrong . 
 `` mercer trusts him . 
 you know he would n't have sent cale if he did n't believe - '' `` cale used you to get the executioner . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 he had it so wrong . 
 but drew was adamant . 
 `` he let you escape him . 
 do you really think a guy like cale would have been caught off guard by a left hook ? '' 
 drew shook his head . 
 he knew her signature move so well-mostly because he 'd taught it to her . 
 `` i 've seen him take down half a dozen guards in a matter of seconds . 
 one blow-no matter how powerful-wouldn ' t stop him . '' 
 and she 'd seen cale go through all those men in that basement , slashing out brutally with that chunk of glass as his only weapon . 
 `` he wanted to stop the executioner . '' 
 her words were soft , but they seemed too loud in the interior of that suv . 
 `` yeah , that 's what he wanted , but his job was to protect you , not to put you in harm 's way as he used you as bait . '' 
 drew was n't understanding . 
 `` i used myself as bait . '' 
 `` he 's a trained agent-you 're not ! '' 
 now the ice that he was so famous for seemed to crack . 
 `` he could have gotten you killed . 
 i know his orders because mercer gave the same ones to me . 
 get you out . 
 get you back to d.c. and then - '' `` and someone else would come for genevieve ? '' 
 cassidy finished . 
 silence . 
 `` she might not have lived long enough for that someone else to come for her . '' 
 she shoved back her hair , suddenly feeling very , very tired . 
 `` and the executioner would have gotten away . 
 been free to take and kill someone else . 
 mercer has had years to stop the guy , but the killer was too good . 
 he slipped away too many times . '' 
 this had been her best shot at stopping him . 
 `` be careful with him , cass , '' drew told her , and his eyes looked worried . 
 `` do n't let emotions lead you to trust the wrong man . '' 
 then he was climbing from the suv . 
 guards had spilled from the interior of the building . 
 come for her . 
 she exited the vehicle and glanced to the left . 
 cale was already standing on the sidewalk , waiting . 
 she did n't see logan and gunner . 
 had they gone inside already ? 
 time to face mercer . 
 then she was being led inside . 
 cassidy could n't help tensing . 
 she was always tense in this place . 
 she 'd never felt welcome there , maybe because mercer had made so sure that she understood ... this part of my life is n't for you . 
 they climbed into the elevator-just cassidy , cale and drew . 
 when her gaze slid to cale , she found his stare locked right on her . 
 she was pretty sure that drew swore under his breath and muttered , `` mistake . '' 
 but was n't it her mistake to make ? 
 the nightmare that she 'd lived with for years was over-the monster , dead . 
 why could n't she celebrate ? 
 was n't she entitled to a little bit of happiness ? 
 cale 's gaze did n't leave hers even when the elevator stopped . 
 a soft ding sounded , and the doors slid open . 
 `` cassidy . '' 
 there was no mistaking that deep , grating voice . 
 she 'd once thought that a growling bear might sound exactly like bruce mercer . 
 she turned her head , finally glancing away from cale , and offered mercer a faint smile . 
 `` hi , mercer . 
 it 's good to see you , too . '' 
 his cheeks were flushed . 
 his hands lifted and pushed against the elevator doors before they could slide closed once more . 
 he glared at cale . 
 `` lane , i 'm gon na want you in my office-so do n't even think of leaving the building . '' 
 `` i was n't . '' 
 cale did n't appear particularly intimidated as he faced off with mercer . 
 she 'd seen plenty of grown men crumble before mercer . 
 but not cale . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 mercer grabbed her hand and all but yanked her out of the elevator . 
 then they were double-timing it back to his office . 
 rushing past his wide-eyed secretary and hurrying to mercer 's private quarters . 
 cale called cassidy 's name . 
 mercer did n't slow down . 
 he threw open the door to his office , pulled her inside , then slammed the door behind her . 
 mercer whirled toward her . 
 his clothes were wrinkled , his breath rushing out . 
 fury marked his features . 
 this was the man who 'd been a secret right hand to four presidents . 
 this was - his arms wrapped around her , and mercer pulled her close . 
 stunned , cassidy did n't - could n't - move . 
 `` i thought i 'd lost you , '' he gritted out . 
 `` just like i lost your mother ... '' his voice-the tremors that shook his body-it was the most emotion that she 'd ever seen from the man who was her father . 
 * * * when mercer had hauled cassidy out of the elevator , every muscle in cale 's body had tensed . 
 mercer needs to get his hands off her . 
 and the guy had just dragged her into his office and slammed the door shut . 
 mercer 's assistant , judith rogers , was standing up , eyes wide , seemingly frozen by the emotional display from her boss . 
 cale stalked toward that closed office door . 
 only to find his path blocked by drew . 
 `` you might want to back off for a while , '' drew advised him . 
 he was tired of drew 's warnings and tired of feeling like drew knew cassidy better than he did . 
 `` get out of my way , '' cale snarled . 
 drew shook his head . 
 `` things are n't always the way they seem . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 well , mercer does n't get to intimidate cassidy-an asset . 
 that 's not what we do here . '' 
 cale pushed drew aside . 
 the other agent whistled . 
 `` it 's your funeral . '' 
 cassidy had been afraid . 
 she 'd looked at mercer with fear . 
 cale did n't want cassidy afraid of anything or anyone . 
 `` wait ! '' 
 judith squeaked . 
 she usually sounded confident , in charge-not scared . 
 she was scared then . 
 `` you ca n't go in there ! '' 
 sure , he could . 
 the guards were downstairs . 
 he 'd passed them all . 
 there was no one to stop him now . 
 his fingers curled around the doorknob , and he shoved the door open - and found cassidy in mercer 's arms . 
 fury flooded through him . 
 `` get away from her ! '' 
 his hands fisted . 
 this ? 
 this was why mercer had been so desperate to get cassidy back ? 
 because he was - not cassidy . 
 this would n't happen . 
 `` i said , get away from her ! '' 
 mercer 's head lifted . 
 cassidy had gasped and spun away from him . 
 `` cale , no , '' cassidy said quickly . 
 `` it 's not what you - '' `` shut the door , '' mercer snapped at the same time . 
 `` now . '' 
 cale had shut the door even before mercer finished speaking . 
 he 'd shut that door and crossed the room because he was going after mercer . 
 so what if the man was the director of the eod ? 
 he was n't getting cassidy . 
 because i want her . 
 cassidy pushed in front of cale . 
 her hands lifted and flattened against his chest . 
 `` it 's not what you think . 
 cale ... bruce mercer is my father . '' 
 and everything in the room got real , real quiet . 
 her father ? 
 her father ! 
 his gaze swept over her face , then went to mercer . 
 the director looked like he could chew nails . 
 cassidy did n't bear any resemblance to the man . 
 nothing . 
 no way was she his daughter . 
 mercer did n't have a daughter . 
 the man had no family . 
 just his job . 
 `` that information does n't leave this room , lane . 
 do you understand me ? '' 
 mercer said . 
 despite his fierce appearance , the man 's voice was ... shaken . 
 when mercer slanted a fast glance at cassidy , cale saw a glimmer of fear in mercer 's eyes . 
 she 's his daughter . 
 everything made sense then-finally . 
 why cassidy had to get so much protection . 
 why mercer had been desperate for her to return to the u.s. as soon as the executioner appeared . 
 why so many eod agents had been sent to secure one asset . 
 the asset is family . 
 `` you were right , '' cassidy said quietly . 
 `` i 'm not an eod agent . 
 i 'm not even an asset . '' 
 mercer had stalked back toward his desk . 
 cale saw the man run a shaking hand over his face . 
 he 'd never witnessed mercer acting this way . 
 but then , the man 's daughter-daughter-had been held by a brutal killer . 
 if that could n't shake the director , nothing could . 
 and i used her as bait . 
 i put her in danger . 
 hell . 
 i am so screwed . 
 cale squared his shoulders and looked back into cassidy 's beautiful eyes . 
 `` i knew you had secrets . '' 
 he just had n't realized that those secrets were this personal . 
 he squeezed her shoulders and got ready to face his punishment . 
 a faint line appeared between cassidy 's brows . 
 `` wait ... what 's happening ? '' 
 he moved to stand across from mercer . 
 the thick carpet swallowed his footsteps . 
 `` am i out ? 
 is it time for me to clean out my desk ? '' 
 he should have known that the gig would n't last long . 
 so much for being a part of a team again . 
 he 'd done this , crossed the line and - `` mercer , no ! '' 
 cassidy was right by cale 's side . 
 `` i 'm the one who wanted to go after the executioner . 
 i 'm the one who - '' `` ian gagnon . '' 
 cale frowned at mercer 's curt response . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` the executioner . 
 his real name was ian gagnon . 
 i received a report on him right before you two arrived . '' 
 he exhaled slowly . 
 `` and , cale , i owe you ... '' it sounded like the man was choking . 
 `` thank you for protecting my daughter . 
 you took a bullet to keep her safe . '' 
 `` barely a scratch , '' cale muttered . 
 `` cassidy 's strong-willed , just like her mother was . '' 
 sadness there , a whisper that slid into mercer 's voice then vanished . 
 `` i knew she was trying to track down gagnon-for years . 
 ever since helen ... '' he shook his head and turned his focus back to cassidy . 
 `` i had my team looking for him , too , but the guy was like a damn ghost . 
 he 'd take his victims , use them , kill them and vanish . 
 i was working to bring him to justice , i swear that i was ... i just-i did n't want you in his target range . 
 i wanted you safe . '' 
 `` but i kept hunting him . '' 
 mercer nodded . 
 `` you did n't realize that it was n't just about the money for him . 
 it was the secrets . '' 
 cale felt his gut clench . 
 he knew where this was going . 
 in this business , the right secrets were better than gold . 
 no . 
 they were gold . 
 `` helen ... her father was an irish diplomat . 
 it started with her-helen 's ransom was for cash and intel . 
 when her father would n't give the man what he wanted , helen died . 
 anytime the families did n't share their connections-the classified information that they had at their fingertips-then their daughters did n't come home . '' 
 and if this gagnon had realized who cassidy was to mercer ... the man would 've been given access to some of the deadliest intel in the world . 
 cale shook his head . 
 `` now you realize just how much was riding on cassidy 's safety , '' mercer murmured . 
 yeah , he did . 
 `` and you realize - '' mercer 's bushy brows lowered '' - how grateful the eod is to you both for finally tracking down the executioner . 
 you 've just taken down one of the most wanted men in the world . '' 
 he lifted a finger and pointed at cassidy . 
 `` it was dangerous . 
 it was reckless . 
 it was - '' `` you 're welcome , '' cassidy told him as a smile spread over her face . 
 mercer blinked at her , looking confused . 
 oh , yeah , she does that to people . 
 even to her own father . 
 `` helen can rest now , '' cassidy said . 
 `` and for once , i wo n't dream and hear her begging me for help . '' 
 she glanced at cale . 
 `` i was supposed to be with her that night . 
 we were supposed to leave the pub together , but helen had met a guy and she wanted to stay and dance and dance ... '' cassidy swallowed . 
 `` i was tired . 
 i took a cab home . 
 i left her . '' 
 and the guilt had eaten away at her ever since . 
 `` i never saw helen again after that . 
 not alive , anyway . '' 
 so she 'd made it her mission to get justice for her friend . 
 `` it 's over now , '' cassidy said with a nod . 
 `` i can move on . '' 
 just what did that mean ? 
 cale realized that he was n't ready for cassidy to move past him . 
 he wanted her to stay with him . 
 he wanted her . 
 so what if she was mercer 's daughter ? 
 he was n't afraid of the director . 
 no one was going to stand between him and cassidy . 
 `` you 're safe now , '' mercer told cassidy . 
 but cale was n't so sure about that . 
 would the eod director 's daughter ever be truly safe ? 
 mercer had plenty of dangerous enemies , and if one of them ever found out about cassidy ... his eyes met mercer 's . 
 that 's why you keep guards on her , is n't it ? 
 it was also the reason no one knew about her . 
 but now cale realized the truth , and he was sure that drew knew-or suspected . 
 `` i made sure that your apartment in town was ready , '' mercer told cassidy . 
 `` i 'll get an escort to take you over , and we can finish briefing in the morning . '' 
 briefing ? 
 was that honestly the way that the man talked to his daughter ? 
 `` i should have waited , '' mercer continued . 
 `` but i needed to see you with my own eyes . 
 i had to make sure . '' 
 his lips twisted . 
 `` well , i 'm sure now . 
 you 're all right . 
 i 'm starting to realize you 're a whole lot stronger than i believed . '' 
 yes , she is . 
 cassidy turned for the door . 
 so did cale . 
 but mercer stopped him , calling out , `` i 'm going to need you to stay a few minutes longer , agent lane . '' 
 ah , so he was n't out of the woods just yet . 
 cassidy stepped toward cale . 
 he caught her hand . 
 `` wait for me . 
 we need to ... talk . '' 
 the leather of mercer 's chair squeaked . 
 cassidy nodded ; then she slipped soundlessly from the room . 
 as soon as she was gone , cale knew that the gloves would be coming off . 
 `` agent lane . '' 
 now mercer was back to his growling , fierce self . 
 `` just what the hell do you think you 're doing with my daughter ? '' 
 cale kept his hands at his sides . 
 `` you 're the one who sent me to down rio . 
 if you did n't want me near her - '' `` i wanted you close because you 're a damn good agent . 
 i thought you 'd do your job and keep her safe . '' 
 `` the case is over . '' 
 they should be clear on this . 
 `` but my involvement with cassidy is n't . '' 
 mercer rose . 
 `` an involvement is n't going to happen . '' 
 he had n't been asking for permission . 
 `` the eod is the most dangerous thing in cassidy 's life . 
 being my daughter puts a target on her that you ca n't imagine . '' 
 he could imagine plenty . 
 `` what the hell do you think would happen if our enemies found out that cassidy was both my daughter and that she was involved with an eod agent ? 
 they 'd use her against us . 
 they would hurt her . 
 they 'd - '' `` no one hurts cassidy on my watch . '' 
 the words were quiet , cold . 
 lethal . 
 mercer stared at him with a measuring gaze . 
 `` that better be a promise , lane . '' 
 it was a guarantee . 
 * * * `` ready ? '' 
 cassidy whirled at cale 's warm voice . 
 he strolled out of mercer 's office looking like he did n't have a care in the world . 
 most people looked terrified after having closed-door meetings with her father . 
 but cale almost seemed happy as he reached for her hand and led her into the elevator . 
 when the doors closed , when they had a precious minute of privacy , she had to know . 
 `` just what happened in there ? '' 
 `` mercer and i got a few things straight . '' 
 oh , had they ? 
 `` the mission is over . '' 
 did that mean another agent would be coming to protect her ? 
 always another agent lurking in the back of her life , skimming the shadows . 
 `` i 've got some time coming my way , '' cale continued . 
 `` and i. . . 
 i want to spend that time with you . '' 
 hope-real happiness-began to unfurl within her . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 he nodded and closed in on her . 
 his fingers slid around her , flattening on the walls of the elevator and caging her in . 
 she rather liked being caged in with him . 
 `` this is n't about a case . 
 it 's about us . '' 
 his eyes searched hers . 
 `` i want you , cassidy sherridan . '' 
 he knew who her father was-he knew her most closely guarded secret . 
 he was n't running . 
 he was n't intimidated . 
 he ... wants me ? 
 `` i want you , '' she whispered back . 
 he smiled at her . 
 her breath caught . 
 the man had a killer smile . 
 she thought he would kiss her . 
 he did n't . 
 he eased back right before the elevator glided to a stop . 
 but his fingers laced with hers as he led her through the lobby . 
 she 'd always been nervous , scared , when she 'd been in that building before . 
 but cassidy did n't feel scared then . 
 she was with cale . 
 he made her feel safe . 
 they brushed by the guards and headed out into the night . 
 she caught sight of gunner and logan . 
 they were outside , probably returning to their own homes . 
 a completed mission . 
 they could all - the crack of a gunshot broke the night . 
 even as the sound filled her ears , cale was pushing cassidy to the ground and covering her with his body . 
 she hit the pavement with an impact that rattled her bones . 
 again ? 
 wo n't it ever stop ? 
 but , no , it was n't stopping . 
 because she heard more shots , blasting away . 
 she heard voices yelling . 
 heard cale swearing softly above her . 
 he 'd pulled his weapon , but he was n't running to chase the shooter . 
 he was staying with her . 
 guarding her . 
 `` get him ! 
 northwest corner ! '' 
 cale yelled . 
 `` now ! '' 
 someone had just taken a shot-several shots-at them . 
 no , wait ... had the shot been aimed at cale ? 
 or me ? 
 `` we 're getting out of here . '' 
 then he was pulling her up , shielding her as he seemed to do too many times . 
 they did n't run for a vehicle , though , not like before . 
 instead , they raced back inside the eod-back into the safety of that building with its bulletproof glass . 
 mercer was running toward them in the lobby . 
 `` what the hell is happening ? '' 
 cale 's fingers brushed over cassidy 's arm . 
 `` someone just took a shot at cassidy . '' 
 cale 's voice was grim . 
 and cassidy realized that her illusion of safety had just been shattered . 
 the case might be over , but the threats to her-because of who she was-were always there . 
 * * * cassidy sherridan was a dead woman . 
 rage pumped through the shooter 's body , a killing fury that had to be unleashed . 
 cassidy was n't in sight any longer . 
 she 'd rushed back inside that nondescript building . 
 i know about that place . 
 the eod 's headquarters . 
 secrets had revealed that location . 
 the right leverage , applied to the right people . 
 with that kind of deadly leverage , anything and everything could be revealed . 
 cassidy 's agent had rushed her inside . 
 he 'd moved too quickly , responding even as the bullet had whistled through the air on its way to cassidy 's heart . 
 the bullet should have hit cassidy 's heart . 
 but cale had saved her . 
 how had he known about the bullet ? 
 how ? 
 the shooter hurried away . 
 a getaway vehicle was waiting . 
 a retreat now , but another attack would come , soon enough . 
 the executioner was n't gone . 
 he had one last victim to claim . 
 cassidy sherridan would n't get to walk away . 
 instead , she would get to join her dear friend helen in the ground . 
 chapter seven if he 'd moved slower , if he 'd ignored the kick in his gut that had screamed of danger , then cassidy would be dead . 
 cassidy sat in mercer 's office , looking dazed and lost in mercer 's leather chair . 
 did she realize that shot had been meant for her ? 
 he 'd shoved her to the ground , and the bullet had sunk into the bricks in the wall-bricks that had been right behind cassidy . 
 the shooter had aimed for her heart . 
 now mercer was out there , demanding answers , and cale had no answers to give him . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 cassidy 's quiet voice . 
 his head jerked up . 
 `` you keep saving me . '' 
 a ghost of a smile curved her pale lips , but her dimple did n't appear . 
 `` it 's a habit you seem to have . '' 
 he stepped toward her , helpless . 
 `` sometimes , it feels like i 've been in danger my whole life . 
 i 've never ... never gotten to just walk down a street without a guard on me . 
 never gone to a football game and sat in a crowd . 
 never done so much ... because i 'm bruce mercer 's weakness . '' 
 her lips compressed as the smile vanished . 
 `` i learned that fact when i was eight , you see . 
 when i was taken . '' 
 every muscle in his body clenched . 
 `` taken ? '' 
 her fingers drummed on the desk . 
 the move gave him pause-mercer did the same drumming movement , in that exact position , when the man was in deep thought . 
 `` i was with my mother . 
 we were going on a trip to meet mercer . '' 
 she licked her lips as her fingers stopped drumming . 
 `` we did n't make it . '' 
 he was by her side in an instant . 
 the pain in her voice shattered him . 
 `` cassidy ... '' `` mercer has a lot of enemies , '' she whispered . 
 `` you do n't get to his position by playing nice . '' 
 no , you did n't . 
 and mercer had been in the business of death for decades . 
 `` i do n't ... i do n't think they meant to kill my mother . 
 maybe just to take her , too , but she fought them , and one of the men had a gun . '' 
 her gaze was so far away . 
 `` it was raining that day . 
 perhaps that 's why a gunshot still reminds me of thunder . '' 
 he wanted her in his arms , but cassidy looked so brittle then . 
 so breakable . 
 `` i knew she was dead . 
 with that much blood , even a child knew . '' 
 she swallowed . 
 `` they put me in their van , and they rushed away . 
 i do n't ... i do n't know what would have happened to me if mercer 's men had n't rushed to the scene so quickly . 
 they followed them . 
 i knew they were there for me when i heard the sound of more thunder . '' 
 this was the spoiled princess ? 
 hell , no . 
 `` an agent pulled me from the van . 
 took me away , but i looked back . 
 i saw the bodies left behind . 
 in this business , there are always bodies , are n't there ? '' 
 he 'd left his share of bodies in rio . 
 `` i did n't ask for this . '' 
 now anger pulsed in her words . 
 `` you and mercer , this is the world you chose , but i did n't . '' 
 cassidy pushed to her feet . 
 `` i do n't want this . '' 
 i do n't want you . 
 he stiffened . 
 cassidy had n't said those words . 
 she 'd told him less than thirty minutes ago that she did want him , but right then the woman was sure putting off get-away-from-me vibes . 
 he did n't blame her . 
 the door opened behind him . 
 cale glanced over his shoulder . 
 gunner stood there . 
 with his sniper expertise , gunner had been the first to rush toward that northwest strike zone . 
 `` tell me you found him , '' cale demanded . 
 gunner shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 the guy had cleared out before i got up there . '' 
 `` sydney 's ordering a scan on all the security cameras in the area-she 's going to pull in traffic cams , too . 
 she might be able to spot him out there . '' 
 `` who 's sydney ? '' 
 cassidy asked from her position behind mercer 's desk . 
 `` my wife . '' 
 gunner 's voice was quiet . 
 surprise flickered over cassidy 's face . 
 before gunner could say anything else , mercer pushed into the room . 
 his face was set in determined lines , and he moved with a hard , nervous energy . 
 `` they think that they 're going to come to my door , take a shot at my - '' he broke off , sending a hard glance toward gunner . 
 `` at my asset ? 
 no , no , this does not happen . '' 
 he pointed at cale . 
 `` get cassidy to the safe house on donaghey - '' `` but i want to go home , '' cassidy interrupted , voice sharp . 
 `` you said my apartment was ready . '' 
 `` and the shooter might already know all about your home . '' 
 mercer shook his head . 
 `` no , it 's not safe . 
 you have to - '' `` i 'm never safe . 
 have n't we learned that ? '' 
 the bitterness from cassidy just seemed wrong . 
 mercer flinched . 
 `` i wo n't ever be safe , not totally . '' 
 she walked from behind the desk . 
 `` and i 'm so tired of living in the prison that you make for me . '' 
 a prison made of agents , always watching her movements . 
 `` you might not like it , but you 're going to have to stay under guard . '' 
 mercer had locked his jaw . 
 `` until we can find out who we are up against , you have to keep up with your protection . '' 
 cale could see the fury staining cassidy 's cheeks . 
 `` fine . 
 but i 'll choose my agent . '' 
 she turned , looked straight at cale and said , `` i choose him . '' 
 mercer did n't look particularly surprised by that choice . 
 gunner did . 
 mercer began , `` i do n't know about continuing your protection with cale . 
 drew lancaster is - '' `` not my choice , '' cassidy finished . 
 `` cale is the one who just saved my life . 
 cale is the one that i want . '' 
 her words made his heart beat faster . 
 harder . 
 mercer crossed to his side , paused in front of him so that they stood toe-to-toe . 
 `` you guard her with your life . 
 got me , son ? '' 
 he did n't need mercer to tell him that . 
 `` i 've got her . '' 
 and that was all that mattered . 
 `` go out through the parking garage . 
 i 've arranged for transportation there . '' 
 mercer stepped back . 
 he looked at cassidy and paused as if he wanted to say more . 
 but he did n't . 
 how long had the wall been there , blocking the man from actually talking to his daughter ? 
 cassidy headed for the door . 
 cale made sure he was with her every step of the way . 
 `` cassidy ! '' 
 mercer 's voice . 
 she looked back at him . 
 `` i 'll find the shooter , '' he promised her . 
 cassidy nodded . 
 `` but what happens next time ? '' 
 her smile was brittle . 
 `` is n't there always a next time ? '' 
 cale was realizing that for cassidy , the threats might not ever end . 
 and that made fury boil within him . 
 * * * as far as safe houses went , cassidy had stayed in spots a lot worse than the old converted brownstone . 
 so when cale led her inside , when he double-checked the security system and secured the facility , she just stood to the side , waiting . 
 after all , she knew the drill . 
 once he 'd secured the area , then she 'd be able to go and find her designated room-and crash . 
 how many safe houses had there been for her over the years ? 
 after college , she 'd thought that she might finally enjoy some freedom . 
 that dream had died quickly . 
 `` we 're clear , '' cale said . 
 they were clear , and they were alone . 
 why did that make her uncomfortable ? 
 she 'd longed to be alone with him before the bullets had come blasting toward her . 
 she 'd been terrified . 
 but cale ... had his heart rate even increased ? 
 he 'd seemed so controlled and composed to her . 
 like the threat of death did n't matter . 
 probably because it did n't . 
 `` why did you choose me ? '' 
 she realized that she 'd been staring at the floor , lost in thought , but his question made her gaze rise to him . 
 he was studying her , standing less than two feet away . 
 `` you seem comfortable with lancaster . '' 
 the words had a hollow feel . 
 `` why not go with him ? '' 
 why , indeed ? 
 she shifted nervously . 
 `` look , if you do n't want the assignment - '' he eliminated that two feet of distance in less than a second . 
 `` let 's get one thing clear . 
 i do n't think of you as an assignment . '' 
 oh . 
 that was good . 
 it sounded good , anyway . 
 her heartbeat had sure picked up plenty at that news as it raced in her chest . 
 `` how do you think of me ? '' 
 she and cale were finally away from the other agents and any prying eyes . 
 the rest of the world was locked out . 
 the stillness of the night surrounded them . 
 cale 's gaze darkened as he stood before her . 
 `` i 'm starting to think of you as ... mine . '' 
 the words were rough , possessive . 
 and they were the last things that she 'd expected him to say . 
 her drumming heartbeat seemed to stop for a moment . 
 `` i do n't know how it happened , i just know it did . '' 
 his hand rose , and his warm fingers curled under her chin . 
 `` i see you , and i want . '' 
 she licked lips gone dry . 
 he was voicing her own thoughts . 
 `` cale ... '' his head bent , and he kissed her . 
 adrenaline had held her body tight . 
 adrenaline , fear , anger ... but with the press of his mouth to her , all of her feelings seemed to erupt in an instant . 
 her hands rose , curled around his shoulders . 
 she pulled him closer as her nails dug into his shirt . 
 the shirt was in the way . 
 she needed him - closer . 
 he wanted her . 
 she was desperate for him . 
 and , for however short of a time it might be , she had him . 
 no interruptions . 
 no distractions . 
 just cale and her . 
 his mouth seduced . 
 it caressed , it tempted . 
 his fingers slid down her body , coming to rest right over the curve of her hips , and she could feel the heat of his touch scorching her right through her clothing . 
 cassidy wanted all of their clothing gone . 
 she wanted him . 
 two lovers . 
 in twenty-seven years , she 'd had two lovers . 
 one had been in college , when she 'd enjoyed her brief taste of freedom . 
 she 'd thought she loved him . 
 she 'd been wrong . 
 lover number two had been another eod agent . 
 she 'd thought the strength he offered was what she wanted . 
 she 'd been wrong . 
 this need ... cale ... wanting him had nothing to do with strength . 
 it had everything do with passion . 
 with a consuming desire that grew stronger and stronger in her with his every touch . 
 and he was touching her . 
 pushing up her shirt and tossing it away . 
 then his fingers-those rough , calloused fingers-were sliding over her flesh , and cassidy arched into his touch . 
 the killer after her-the fear-faded away . 
 only cale remained . 
 only cale . 
 he yanked off his own shirt . 
 when she saw his bandage , a gasp broke from her . 
 they had to be careful ... they - he lifted her into his arms , acting like he did n't even feel the wound . 
 okay , so maybe they did n't need to be so careful . 
 tough guy . 
 she loved that about him . 
 they kept kissing . 
 he carried her , moving down the darkened hallway and entering the first bedroom on the right . 
 it was dark in there , too . 
 but she liked the darkness . 
 you could hide in the dark . 
 almost pretend that you were someone else . 
 she wanted to keep hiding and pretend that her reality was n't a lifetime of guards and secrets . 
 his fingers were at the snap of her jeans . 
 but he was hesitating . 
 why ? 
 `` if you do n't want this , '' cale growled , his voice rough and wonderful in the dark , `` tell me now . '' 
 she smiled , but she knew he could n't see the movement in the darkness . 
 her hands rose again . 
 slid over the muscled expanse of his chest . 
 the man 's abs ... wow . 
 `` i want you . '' 
 he jerked open that snap . 
 slid down the zipper . 
 she 'd already kicked her shoes away while he was carrying her . 
 cool air whispered over skin . 
 no , that was n't just air . 
 that was his breath . 
 he 'd bent , pressing his mouth over the curve of her stomach . 
 and he was kissing her flesh . 
 caressing her so carefully . 
 like she was something fragile to him , delicate . 
 she did n't want delicacy . 
 she wanted his passion . 
 every bit of it . 
 so her hands wrapped around his arms . 
 she arched her hips against him . 
 `` cale ! '' 
 his head lifted . 
 his eyes glittered in the darkness , blazing with need and lust . 
 then his hands were rising over her . 
 he unhooked her bra and tossed it-heck , she did n't even care where , right then . 
 she only cared about - his mouth was on her breast . 
 he licked , kissed , sucked , and her legs rose and locked around his hips . 
 his arousal pressed against her . 
 long and hard and straining , and she did n't want to wait . 
 it had never been like this , the need a fire in her blood . 
 she could n't catch her breath . 
 she could only feel him . 
 all along her body . 
 she wanted him inside her . 
 was desperate to feel the thrust of his body into hers . 
 `` easy ... '' his whisper . 
 forget easy . 
 she wanted hard and fast and she wanted pleasure . 
 him . 
 now . 
 he reached around her , sliding his hand into the wallet he 'd yanked from his pocket and pulling out-wait , what ? 
 protection ? 
 had to be . 
 the guy was always so prepared . 
 maybe too prepared . 
 but the thought was fleeting . 
 vanishing quickly in the haze of need that surrounded her . 
 then he was coming back to her , pulling down her panties . 
 ripping open that foil packet and , after just a moment , pushing his aroused flesh right against her . 
 his fingers threaded through hers . 
 his hands pushed hers back against the mattress . 
 his gaze held hers . 
 and he thrust into her . 
 one long , hard thrust that sent him deep into her core . 
 she cried out , lost in the intensity of the moment . 
 then he withdrew and thrust again , pushing his flesh right over the sensitive button of her desire . 
 her legs tightened around his hips . 
 she met him eagerly , thrust for thrust , and the bed rocked beneath them . 
 every fear that she 'd had vanished . 
 there was no room for fear . 
 there was no room for anything but the passion between them . 
 the fierce movements of his body , the thrust and withdrawal of his flesh , again and again . 
 harder . 
 deeper . 
 making her lose her mind . 
 her body tightened . 
 the pleasure was so close , just out of her reach , but every glide of his body , every thrust of his hips , and that pleasure seemed - cassidy cried out as the release hit her . 
 pleasure rocked through her body and she shuddered , caught up in the maelstrom of release as she 'd never been before . 
 cale 's hold on her hardened even more as he gritted out her name . 
 his hips pushed down , he thrust deeper and she knew that he 'd found his own release . 
 their panting breath filled the air . 
 she did n't move . 
 did n't want to . 
 cassidy wanted to go on holding cale and feeling the pleasure pulse through her body in sweet aftershocks of release . 
 killers . 
 dangers . 
 she was n't ready to face the threats around her . 
 so she just wrapped her arms around cale . 
 she closed her eyes , and she let everything else vanish . 
 * * * sydney sloan-no , now sydney sloan-ortez-knew the minute when her husband entered her office . 
 she just felt him . 
 the air shifted , and every nerve in her body went on high alert . 
 that was generally her body 's instinctive response to gunner . 
 sydney looked up , her breath catching . 
 and , sure enough , gunner stood in the doorway . 
 some people were afraid when they saw gunner . 
 he appeared hard and dangerous , and he 'd sure gazed into hell more than his fair share of times . 
 but when sydney looked at him , she never felt fear . 
 happiness bloomed inside her as she leaped to her feet . 
 three seconds later , she was in his arms-her favorite spot in the world . 
 gunner held her in a grip of steel , his body trembling lightly against hers . 
 `` i missed you , '' he whispered . 
 for gunner , those words were the same as a declaration of love . 
 as far as she knew , gunner did n't miss anyone but her . 
 he eased back , and his hand rose to gently caress the curve of her stomach . 
 her and the twins . 
 `` how are my sweethearts ? '' 
 his normally hard-as-nails voice had dropped to a croon . 
 sydney could n't help but smile . 
 gunner was convinced they were having girls . 
 while he 'd been on the last mission , she 'd found out that the he was right . 
 she was just waiting for the perfect moment to reveal that news to him . 
 `` we 're all just fine , '' she told him , unable to stop her smile . 
 now that you 're home . 
 in the past , she would have gone on the mission with him , working easily in the field . 
 dodging bullets was almost as natural to her as breathing . 
 but with babies on board and her doctor emphasizing the risks of a twin pregnancy , she had n't been about to jeopardize the safety of her children . 
 and mercer had also recently offered her a promotion . 
 director of information retrieval . 
 with a substantial pay raise like the one he 'd been tossing around , she could n't refuse . 
 with the new job , she 'd still do some occasional fieldwork , but she 'd also have a lot more time to spend at home . 
 with her sweethearts . 
 she pulled gunner fully into her office and shut the door . 
 she 'd missed him so badly , ached for him every night . 
 his eyes were sliding over her now , and she could all but feel the caress on her skin . 
 to think ... she 'd almost lost gunner . 
 almost let her own past take him away from her . 
 no one will ever take him away now . 
 because she 'd do anything necessary to protect him . 
 just as he would her . 
 she knew gunner would lie for her , fight for her , even kill for her if necessary . 
 a man like gunner did n't love easily , but when he did love , it was consuming . 
 `` i heard that your team took out the executioner , '' sydney said as her gaze drifted quickly over him , making sure there were n't any new injuries on her man . 
 taking out the international killer sure had n't been his original mission , but word had leaked quickly through the eod once the executioner had been eliminated . 
 instead of answering , gunner brushed his lips against hers , stealing her breath . 
 giving her his . 
 she kissed him back , and finally-finally-some of the fear she 'd felt since he 'd left for the mission to rio vanished . 
 gunner was used to putting his life on the line . 
 she was used to risking her own life . 
 but now ... everything was different . 
 and they both had to adjust to their new world . 
 his fingers tunneled lightly through her hair . 
 his right hand was still over her stomach , and when one of the twins kicked , gunner jerked in a startled reaction . 
 then he laughed . 
 most folks did n't even think gunner knew how to laugh . 
 they were wrong . 
 his laugh was rusty , rough , but perfect to her ears . 
 `` tell me what happened , '' sydney whispered . 
 she 'd heard about the attack outside of the eod , too . 
 because of that shooting , the whole building was on lockdown . 
 she had her tech team scanning the traffic videos of a ten-mile radius , hoping to catch sight of the shooter . 
 so far , they were turning up empty . 
 so far . 
 she was n't about to give up . 
 she 'd expand the search parameters and she would n't stop looking until she found a clue that the eod could use . 
 `` he 's dead . '' 
 gunner 's head tilted to the right . 
 `` the executioner is gone . '' 
 `` ian gagnon . '' 
 he 'd been the man given the deadly moniker of the executioner , and she 'd been the one to determine his real identity . 
 the executioner had once been a young boy , tossed onto the streets of paris . 
 no family , no one to ever step forward and claim him , the five-year-old had eventually been adopted ... and given the name ian by his new parents . 
 when he 'd turned eighteen , ian had vanished from his adoptive parents ' home . 
 they 'd never seen him again . 
 now that he was dead , they never would . 
 `` his men-the few that survived-were taken into custody by the authorities in rio , '' gunner continued . 
 `` the hostage he 'd taken ... genevieve chevalier ... we got her out in time . '' 
 they 'd gotten genevieve to safety , and they 'd gotten cassidy sherridan back to the u.s. cassidy sherridan interested sydney . 
 cassidy 's file was classified , but not by any normal standards . 
 as far as sydney could tell , only mercer had clearance to view cassidy 's records . 
 it would seem that the woman was a very important asset . 
 `` the hit tonight ... '' she exhaled slowly . 
 `` was it on cassidy or cale ? '' 
 it would n't be the first time that an eod agent had been targeted . 
 not the first time . 
 not the last . 
 `` the bullet was meant for her . '' 
 gunner sounded absolutely certain . 
 he should be . 
 no one knew bullets and sniper attacks quite like her gunner . 
 `` the trajectory , the angle ... if cale had n't gotten her out of the way , cassidy sherridan would be dead . '' 
 but cale had saved her , and , based on the video footage she 'd seen , the man had been enraged as he 'd turned back to search for the killer . 
 not such a cool , calm response for an agent . 
 `` we need to find out who 's after her , '' gunner said . 
 `` that woman has secrets , and i do n't want those secrets causing an agent to get killed . '' 
 gunner did n't trust cassidy . 
 she wanted to help him , but , well , this was the tricky part . 
 `` her files have a block on them in the system . '' 
 gunner arched a brow . 
 his lips twitched the faintest bit . 
 `` like you ca n't get past that block . '' 
 she could-in her sleep . 
 but blocks were usually put up for a reason . 
 `` maybe there 's something we should n't know about her . '' 
 the last thing she wanted to do was draw any additional risk or attention to gunner or herself . 
 her hand slid over her stomach . 
 when she felt the kick , sydney did n't jerk . 
 she smiled . 
 gunner leaned forward to kiss her once more . 
 but when he pulled away , a furrow appeared between his brows . 
 `` cassidy sherridan is under eod protection . 
 how can we keep her safe if we do n't know her secrets ? '' 
 secrets could be a very dangerous thing , as they 'd both learned . 
 and no matter how hard you tried , some secrets just could n't stay buried . 
 `` maybe i should talk to mercer . '' 
 he needed to know that she 'd be tapping around in his system . 
 or , rather , blowing his little security blocks to hell and back . 
 `` cale took her to the safe house . '' 
 there was a darker note in gunner 's voice . 
 she raised her brows . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 his lips tightened . 
 `` i do n't like this setup . '' 
 because he did n't trust cassidy . 
 `` cale is a part of our group , '' gunner said . 
 `` i do n't want him in danger because he 's falling for a pretty face . 
 i want to know everything about cassidy that i can . '' 
 it would n't be the first time that a well-trained agent was misled because emotions got involved in a case . 
 sydney liked cale . 
 she did n't want him at risk , either . 
 she did n't want any of the eod agents put in additional jeopardy . 
 their jobs were dangerous enough without any intimate betrayals . 
 she knew that from personal experience . 
 `` i 'll find out exactly who she is , '' sydney promised . 
 and she would . 
 either with mercer 's help ... or on her own . 
 gunner laced his fingers with hers . 
 `` i missed you . '' 
 and her heart had been breaking without him . 
 * * * cassidy was asleep in his arms . 
 he 'd known the exact instant that she 'd slipped away , but he had n't tried to wake her up . 
 he 'd held her and enjoyed the feel of her body against his . 
 he was n't the type to just hold a woman in bed . 
 that was n't him . 
 his sexual encounters were usually fast , hot , with no strings attached . 
 he was n't looking for strings . 
 but cassidy sherridan came with miles and miles of strings attached . 
 cale turned his head on the pillow , moving so that he could see her as the light of dawn spilled into the room . 
 no makeup , her hair a beautiful tangle , the woman was so gorgeous that she made him ache . 
 he 'd taken her two more times during the night . 
 wanted more but he 'd known she needed to rest . 
 so when she 'd fallen asleep , he had n't woken her . 
 but he had wanted her . 
 with her , he was wondering if he 'd always want more . 
 a slow beeping reached him , and cale frowned . 
 that beeping was coming from their discarded pile of clothes . 
 carefully , because he still did n't want to wake her , cale climbed from the bed and headed for the clothes . 
 he reached down . 
 found cassidy 's phone . 
 the photo flashing on the screen was of genevieve chevalier . 
 `` cale ? '' 
 cassidy 's voice . 
 sleepy , husky , sexy . 
 damn . 
 those strings were wrapping around him , tighter and tighter , with every second that passed . 
 the phone had stopped beeping . 
 he turned toward her . 
 cassidy pushed up in bed and smiled at him . 
 `` you look good in the morning , '' she murmured as her eyes slid over him . 
 not nearly as good as she did . 
 but then she frowned . 
 `` was that my phone ? '' 
 she clutched a sheet to her chest . 
 she did n't need to cover up on his account . 
 `` has something happened ? '' 
 a thread of fear leaked through the words . 
 nothing new had happened . 
 at least , nothing that he was aware of . 
 cale cleared his throat . 
 `` your friend ... genevieve . 
 she was calling . '' 
 her hand reached toward him , grabbing quickly for the phone . 
 `` i did n't even get a chance to tell her goodbye ! '' 
 her fingers flew over the phone 's surface . 
 `` we raced away so quickly that i - '' his fingers closed over hers . 
 `` do n't tell her where you are . '' 
 that was the agent talking , not her lover . 
 cassidy stilled . 
 her lashes rose as she gazed up at him . 
 `` why not ? 
 genevieve is my friend . 
 she is n't a threat to me . '' 
 until he could learn more about the attack on her , cale was viewing everyone as a potential threat . 
 `` you were targeted just hours ago . 
 right now , i 'm not willing to risk your safety with anyone . 
 even your friend . '' 
 actually , he did n't even want her calling genevieve back right then . 
 what if the call was tracked ? 
 what if - `` stop it . '' 
 her voice came out low and cold . 
 the ice-that had been the way cassidy talked to him before . 
 back in the beginning . 
 when he 'd just thought she was a society queen and she 'd thought he was an overprotective agent . 
 only they were long past that . 
 were n't they ? 
 they 'd spent a night burning up the sheets . 
 they damn well should have been past it . 
 `` genevieve is my friend-the oldest friend i 've got , and i 'm calling her back . 
 something could be wrong . 
 i have to check in with her . '' 
 she put the phone to her ear , and , a few seconds later , the call connected . 
 `` genevieve ? '' 
 a false brightness rang in cassidy 's voice . 
 genevieve might be her friend , or cassidy might call the other woman that , but it was obvious to cale that cassidy wore a mask for the frenchwoman . 
 she was pretending-and that telling hitch was back in her voice . 
 cale was n't interested in any false fronts . 
 he wanted the real cassidy in his bed . 
 `` genevieve , how are you ? '' 
 cassidy asked , still with that too-perfect and happy tone . 
 he leaned toward her and heard a quick smattering of french in response . 
 cassidy laughed . 
 `` yes , i know ... i was glad to get out of that hell , too . 
 it was a nightmare . '' 
 her voice roughened a bit as she said , `` i 'm so glad that you got out of there . 
 i was afraid they 'd kill you , gen. '' true emotion was in those words . 
 the real cassidy , peeking out . 
 the real cassidy was a hell of a lot sexier than the fake debutante . 
 he wanted to touch cassidy then , but she pulled away , shifting toward the headboard . 
 he wanted her back . 
 `` i 'm sorry we did n't get to talk more before i left rio . 
 the-the agents whisked me away . '' 
 his eyes narrowed . 
 had genevieve heard that little hitch in cassidy 's voice ? 
 `` since i 'm an american citizen , the rescue team had orders to bring me back to the u.s. '' another laugh , one with a brittle edge . 
 `` so , of course , i 'm back in - '' cassidy broke off because cale had touched her . 
 he had to . 
 the agent in him demanded that he stop her . 
 cale put his index finger over cassidy 's soft lips . 
 she looked up at him , her eyes wide in the faint light . 
 cale shook his head . 
 her breath whispered out against his finger . 
 then she gave a little nod . 
 slowly , his finger slid away from her mouth . 
 `` where are you , gen ? '' 
 cassidy 's voice was huskier now . 
 `` are you going back to france ? '' 
 a beat of silence . 
 `` the u.s. ? '' 
 cassidy repeated , sounding shocked . 
 `` you 're in d.c. ? '' 
 cale was already reaching for his phone . 
 if genevieve was in the city , then the eod needed to know about that situation . 
 genevieve had been targeted down in rio , cassidy had been targeted ... and now someone was after cassidy once more . 
 would the same fate befall genevieve ? 
 if the threat was related to the mess with the executioner , then , yes . 
 but ... what if cassidy had been targeted last night because of her link to mercer ? 
 `` where are you staying ? '' 
 now there was fear in cassidy 's voice . 
 `` yes , yes , i know the hotel . 
 look , do n't leave the room , okay ? '' 
 cassidy 's fears must have mirrored cale 's . 
 `` why ? 
 because-because there are things happening that you do n't know about , genevieve . 
 i just need you to trust me on this . 
 i 've got connections in d.c. people who can keep an eye on you . 
 just ... stay inside for now , okay ? 
 stay there . '' 
 cassidy kept talking as cale turned away . 
 in just a few moments , he had gunner on the line . 
 he 'd heard the name of genevieve 's hotel , and he rattled it off to the agent . 
 `` we need a team there , just as a precaution , '' cale added , running a hand over the back of his neck . 
 `` until we can figure out what the hell is happening with that attack - '' `` better safe than dead , '' gunner finished bluntly . 
 yes . 
 exactly . 
 `` especially in light of what syd 's finding . '' 
 gunner 's words made a thick knot form in cale 's stomach . 
 `` just what is sydney finding ? '' 
 `` that there is no cash tied to any accounts that link back to ian gagnon . 
 the man 's a ghost , one who existed until he was eighteen and then seemingly vanished . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` you do n't vanish like that . 
 not without a whole lot of help . '' 
 the kind of help that might go looking for vengeance ? 
 `` we need to find out more about gagnon , '' gunner said . 
 yeah , they sure as hell did . 
 `` i do n't want to mark this case as closed , not until we know the truth . 
 i mean ... why else would someone come after cassidy ? 
 as far as i can tell , the only trouble your girl has ever had is with the executioner . 
 otherwise , she 's lived a charmed life . '' 
 his girl . 
 cale 's gaze moved to cassidy . 
 she 'd ended her call . 
 her skin was pale and perfect in the darkened bedroom . 
 `` a woman like her should n't be on the radar of killers , '' gunner said , voice considering . 
 `` she 's not part of our world . '' 
 gunner was wrong . 
 so wrong . 
 but cale could n't tell him that . 
 maybe the attack had been because of gagnon and not because of cassidy 's own past . 
 maybe . 
 maybe not . 
 `` i 'm going to stay with cassidy , '' cale said . 
 like anyone could pry him away from her . 
 `` get sydney to continue searching into gagnon 's past . 
 if the attack on cassidy is related to him , sydney will find the link . '' 
 when it came to digging into a person 's past , there was very little that sydney could n't discover with her computer . 
 his jaw locked . 
 what if sydney starts digging into cassidy 's life ? 
 he 'd have to warn mercer . 
 because knowing sydney ... she 'd already started to dig . 
 he ended the call and put his phone down on the nightstand . 
 cassidy rose from the bed , pulling the sheet with her . 
 `` do you ... do you think genevieve is in any danger ? '' 
 `` i think gunner and sydney need to know exactly who they are dealing with . '' 
 mercer 's daughter . 
 `` because i do n't want them wasting time on a hunt that wo n't lead them anyplace . '' 
 cassidy flinched . 
 `` are you going to mercer ? '' 
 hell , yes , he was . 
 `` because you do n't have to do it . '' 
 she squared her shoulders . 
 `` it 's my life , and i 'm the one giving you permission . '' 
 her gaze held his . 
 `` tell your friends who i really am . 
 i 'm tired of the lie . 
 i mean , what more can possibly happen to me ? '' 
 more than being targeted for death ? 
 only ... death . 
 and he realized that he was n't going to tell sydney and gunner the truth . 
 not yet . 
 he was n't going to tell anyone . 
 because he would n't let cassidy be targeted . 
 the instinct to protect her was stronger than anything that he 'd ever felt before . 
 i wo n't sacrifice her secrets . 
 but he would find out who was after her . 
 chapter eight logan quinn rode up the elevator in the elegant d.c. hotel . 
 music played softly in the elevator 's interior . 
 a classic piece that he figured belonged to one of the old masters . 
 his wife loved that kind of music . 
 he was n't such a fan . 
 give him some hard and driving rock any day of the week . 
 the elevator dinged , and the doors slid open . 
 finally , he was able to escape from that music . 
 the lush carpeting muffled his footsteps as he headed down the corridor . 
 genevieve chevalier was in room 619 . 
 he 'd agreed to take guard duty for genevieve because he knew that gunner wanted to stay close to sydney . 
 he could relate . 
 logan sure wished his julie was n't so far away . 
 he 'd much rather be with her on the quiet beach in biloxi than in - genevieve 's door was ajar , and he could see the telltale red of blood on the beige carpet . 
 logan pulled his gun and rushed into the room . 
 `` genevieve ! '' 
 a chair was overturned . 
 bedcovers-bloody covers-were scattered on the floor . 
 he searched the room swiftly , checking the closet , the bathroom , but genevieve was gone . 
 he yanked out his phone . 
 `` i was too late , '' he told gunner as his heartbeat thundered in his ears . 
 guarding genevieve had been a precaution more than anything else . 
 a move just in case that last attack on sydney had been related to ian gagnon . 
 this was n't about precautions anymore . 
 because it sure appeared as if the executioner was coming back from the grave in order to keep stalking his victims . 
 logan spun away from the scene and headed back into the hallway . 
 that faint blood trail might help them . 
 it might lead them to genevieve . 
 `` get me an analysis unit out here , '' he said . 
 `` as fast as you can . '' 
 every moment that passed put his team at a disadvantage on this hunt . 
 he could hear gunner barking orders to the men at the eod headquarters . 
 `` we 've got blood at the scene , '' logan said grimly . 
 blood and no victim . 
 so much for leaving the nightmare back in rio . 
 genevieve had cheated death once . 
 would she be able to do it again ? 
 i hope so . 
 hang on , genevieve . 
 we 'll find you . 
 he just hoped they found her alive . 
 * * * cassidy jumped when she heard the loud banging at the front door . 
 she 'd just finished dressing , and she hurried out of the bedroom . 
 cale was already at the door . 
 already swinging it open to reveal - mercer and gunner . 
 cassidy 's breath caught . 
 the men had n't called them . 
 they 'd just shown up at the safe house . 
 she knew that was n't a good sign . 
 then mercer 's eyes met hers . 
 `` it 's time to go , cassidy . '' 
 how many times had he said those same words to her ? 
 over and over in her life ? 
 it 's time to go , cassidy . 
 at her mother 's grave , when cassidy had stood there , feeling so broken and alone . 
 he 'd pulled her away , despite her tears and pleas . 
 she 'd wanted to stay , just a little longer . 
 it 's time to go , cassidy . 
 at sixteen , she 'd been thrilled because she was finally going to attend a party with all of her friends . 
 she 'd been dressed , ready to go . 
 he 'd come to her-arrived in one of those big dark cars that he always seemed to use . 
 the kind that had bulletproof windows . 
 he 'd been afraid that someone had found out who she really was . 
 he 'd taken her away . 
 no party that day . 
 it 's time to go , cassidy . 
 more and more instances rolled through her mind . 
 he always said the same words . 
 always looked the same . 
 so grim and determined . 
 when it was her life that was being ripped apart . 
 cale took a step toward her . 
 mercer lifted a hand and locked it around cale 's shoulder . 
 `` no , son , that would be a mistake . '' 
 mercer 's voice was steely and hard . 
 most men backed down instantly when mercer talked that way . 
 she 'd sure seen plenty of agents weaken when he used that tone . 
 but cale-cale shrugged away his hold . 
 `` i 'm not your son . '' 
 then he was stalking toward cassidy . 
 his gaze met hers . 
 `` while you were in the shower , i found out ... '' the faint lines around his mouth deepened . 
 `` i 'm sorry to tell you , but genevieve is gone . '' 
 her heart beat so fast that she was afraid it would rip through her chest . 
 `` gone ? '' 
 no , a mistake . 
 genevieve had said that she 'd only arrived in town a few hours ago . 
 she came looking for me . 
 because genevieve was n't close to her family , either . 
 they were both alone , two women who 'd found a kinship with each other . 
 genevieve might not know about cassidy 's past , but they were friends . 
 they 'd been constants in each other 's lives for more years than cassidy could count . 
 they were family , damn it . 
 `` by the time logan arrived at her hotel , she was gone . '' 
 this came from gunner . 
 he 'd stepped inside the safe house , making sure to lock the door . 
 he shot a quick glance at mercer 's stony face ; then he studied cassidy once more as he revealed , `` there were signs of foul play at the scene . '' 
 `` what kind of signs ? '' 
 even as she asked the question , cassidy knew that she did n't really want to hear his answer . 
 she did n't want to hear any more at all . 
 we were both supposed to be safe . 
 the executioner is dead . 
 the nightmare should be over . 
 she might not want to hear the gory details , but cassidy had long ago learned you could n't hide the dark and ugly parts of life , no matter how hard you tried . 
 cale 's arm brushed against hers . 
 he was at her side . 
 gunner and mercer were in front of the door . 
 `` blood . '' 
 mercer 's reply was blunt . 
 `` overturned furniture . 
 the surveillance system at the hotel was dismantled , so we do n't know who took her-we just know she did n't go willingly . '' 
 but she 'd been taken , and so soon after talking with cassidy . 
 her lips felt numb as she said , `` she wanted us to meet . '' 
 mercer took a fast step forward . 
 `` you told her that you were in d.c. ? '' 
 cassidy shook her head . 
 `` no . 
 i said i was n't at my place , here . 
 she thought i was-that was the reason she came to town . '' 
 she came here for me , but i turned my back on her . 
 cassidy forced her chin to stay up . 
 `` i told her that i was with a friend . 
 we were together . 
 that i would send someone to watch over her until i could get with her . '' 
 too late . 
 `` if genevieve went to cassidy 's place in order to look for her , then the perp could have seen her there , '' gunner said as his eyes narrowed in consideration . 
 `` seen her , targeted her , then followed her back to the hotel and taken her . '' 
 her face went from feeling too hot to icy cold . 
 `` why ? '' 
 her gaze was on mercer . 
 `` if this is about us - '' mercer gave a fast , negative shake of his head . 
 his eyes darted to gunner , then right back to her . 
 `` right now , we have to assume genevieve 's abduction and the attempt on your life are both related to the executioner . 
 that case is n't over . '' 
 ian was dead . 
 just how much more over could that get ? 
 `` we have to find genevieve . '' 
 the words were so familiar-because she 'd been just as desperate to find her friend back in rio . 
 this ca n't be happening again . 
 mercer nodded . 
 `` we will find her . 
 i have a team on the job right now . 
 and sydney 's pulling up every video feed in that hotel 's area-anything that she can get her hands on . 
 she 'll find an image , a car , something that we can use . '' 
 cassidy realized that her hands had clenched into fists . 
 fear twisted inside her , growing bigger and stronger with every second that passed . 
 she 'd thought that she 'd saved genevieve . 
 that she 'd done something right for a change . 
 but now ... `` the city is n't secure enough for you , '' mercer told her in his hard , growling , i-know-best voice . 
 `` there 's a plane waiting for you at the airport . '' 
 was n't there always ? 
 `` gunner will escort you to the terminal . 
 lancaster will be waiting to board the flight with you . 
 in a few hours , you 'll be - '' her fists tightened . 
 her nails dug into her palms . 
 `` i 'm not running away from this . '' 
 mercer stalked toward her . 
 beside cassidy , cale stiffened . 
 `` you are n't being given a choice , '' mercer said , his voice like arctic ice . 
 `` i let you stay here last night while i assessed the situation , but the danger is too great . 
 you 're an asset that wo n't be compromised . '' 
 i 'm not an asset . 
 i 'm your daughter . 
 but had he ever looked at her that way ? 
 cassidy shook her head , answering her own question . 
 mercer 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` i 'm the director of the eod . 
 i 'm - '' `` i 'm a civilian , '' cassidy shot back at him . 
 `` so you have no authority over me . '' 
 surprise flashed briefly in his eyes ; then it was shielded by grim determination . 
 `` you do n't want to push on this . '' 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 push for genevieve 's life ? 
 any day , anytime . 
 `` i 'm not getting on any plane . 
 i 'm staying here , and i 'm going to do everything that i can in order to help my friend . '' 
 `` and what are you going to do ? '' 
 mercer demanded . 
 `` what do you really think you can do ? 
 like you said , you 're just a civilian . '' 
 what are you going to do ? 
 the familiar question echoed through her mind . 
 `` that 's the same question you asked me when i told you i was going after the executioner , '' cassidy reminded him . 
 the silence in the room was heavy and thick . 
 voice growing stronger , she said , `` i managed to do something with him , did n't i ? '' 
 from the corner of her eye , she saw that cale was watching her . 
 he looked ... proud ? 
 but then cale was moving , in front of her , shielding her . 
 she did n't need to be shielded from mercer . 
 it was past time for her to stand on her own with him . 
 she immediately stepped to cale 's side . 
 `` i 'll stay with cassidy , '' cale said to her father , his voice hard and flat . 
 `` i 'll make sure she 's protected . '' 
 `` and if you screw up ? '' 
 mercer wanted to know . 
 `` because i can see what 's in your eyes , lane . '' 
 mercer 's tone deepened . 
 `` you 're making a mistake . 
 both of you are , and i 'm not going to stand by and let cassidy pay for that mistake with her life . '' 
 for an instant , cassidy could have sworn that she saw grief flickering across mercer 's face . 
 but that was impossible , was n't it ? 
 mercer did n't feel like other people . 
 the fleeting glimpses that she kept thinking were there ... they were just her imagination . 
 wishful thinking from a desperate daughter . 
 he 'd shut himself off from real emotions years ago . 
 he 'd laughed when she 'd been a child . 
 smiled . 
 she was sure of it . 
 those memories were there , tucked away so deeply in her mind . 
 she was sure that he had ... once . 
 `` you 're off the case , lane . '' 
 a jut of mercer 's chin dismissed cale . 
 `` the hell i am , '' cale snarled right back at him . 
 mercer straightened up , but he still stood an inch or two below cale . 
 `` i just gave you an order , soldier , and you damn well better follow it . '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving cassidy ! '' 
 she did n't imagine the emotion in cale 's voice . 
 the anger and determination were plain to see . 
 he 's so different from mercer . 
 `` she 's not alone . '' 
 mercer jerked his thumb over his shoulder , indicating a watchful gunner . 
 `` she 'll have eod agents watching her 24/7 . 
 those agents just wo n't be you . '' 
 but cale shook his head . 
 `` i 'm not leaving her . '' 
 cassidy 's heart beat even faster . 
 she 'd never seen anyone stand off against mercer with such intensity . 
 would mercer give in ? 
 because she knew cale was n't going to give up . 
 then mercer smiled . 
 `` cassidy does n't know about your file , does she ? 
 about the violent tendencies that you have ... the control issues . 
 the danger that you both covet and create . '' 
 she did n't like mercer 's smile . 
 too cocky . 
 too knowing . 
 too mercer . 
 cale quickly glanced at cassidy . 
 he turned his stormy blue stare back on mercer . 
 `` if i were n't a little violent , i would n't get the job done for you , now would i ? '' 
 `` but the shrink said you could be dangerous , obsessive . '' 
 mercer studied him . 
 `` why is it that you 're so determined to stay close to cassidy ? 
 is she becoming an obsession for you ? '' 
 what was even happening ? 
 `` mercer , stop ! '' 
 frowning , he looked over at her . 
 she just felt tired as she stared back at him . 
 `` stop . 
 this is n't - '' her phone rang , vibrating in her front pocket . 
 genevieve ? 
 hope flooded through her as she yanked out the phone . 
 yes , yes ! 
 that was genevieve 's picture flashing on her screen . 
 she answered immediately . 
 `` gen - '' a scream cut through cassidy 's voice . 
 genevieve 's scream . 
 cassidy stumbled back . 
 cale whirled toward her . 
 his hands curled around her arms , steadying her . 
 `` help me ... '' genevieve begged ; her sobs filled cassidy 's ears . 
 `` i will , '' cassidy whispered . 
 i promise . 
 `` where are you , genevieve ? 
 what 's happening ? '' 
 `` they ... want you . '' 
 her gaze met cale 's . 
 turn on the speaker . 
 he mouthed the words . 
 fingers trembling , she pressed to connect the speaker . 
 then they could all hear genevieve 's cries . 
 `` he says...h-he says that if you do n't come , i 'm mort . '' 
 mort . 
 dead . 
 `` je ne veux pas mourir ! '' 
 tears stung cassidy 's eyes at those pitiful words . 
 i do n't want to die . 
 `` you wo n't , '' cassidy promised . 
 `` you wo n't ! 
 just tell me where you are . 
 i can bring help to you . '' 
 a train 's whistle sounded in the background . 
 the sound was long , mournful . 
 `` je ne sais pas . '' 
 cassidy swallowed the lump in her throat . 
 i do n't know . 
 `` track her phone , '' mercer whispered to gunner . 
 `` get sydney to triangulate that call 's location . '' 
 `` he says that you have to come for me . '' 
 genevieve had switched back to english . 
 she did that when she was upset , a tumble of her mother 's english and her father 's french . 
 `` he ... he wants you to meet him . 
 h-he said ... said to meet him at midnight , at a park just behind - '' genevieve broke off , screaming , a pain-filled cry . 
 as if she 'd been struck or - no , do n't imagine it , do n't . 
 cassidy 's breath sawed from her lungs . 
 `` behind dunlay street and m-manchester , '' genevieve finished , tears nearly choking her . 
 cassidy heard gunner softly repeating the instructions to the person on the other end of his phone . 
 `` p-please ... be there , cassidy ... '' `` i will , '' cassidy vowed . 
 but genevieve was n't there to hear her . 
 the line had gone dead . 
 * * * the clock on mercer 's desk was ticking far too loudly . 
 cale paced back and forth in the small confines of that office , tension and adrenaline pulsing through his veins . 
 cassidy waited down on the level below him , guarded by gunner and lancaster , but - i need to see her . 
 instead , he was being called in for a sit-down with mercer . 
 like he needed to deal with office politics right then . 
 the door opened behind him . 
 ah , so mercer had finally joined him . 
 let the battle begin . 
 cale 's shoulders stiffened . 
 `` i 'm not letting her go to that exchange without me . '' 
 mercer 's sigh carried easily to him . 
 the sigh and the soft click of the door shutting behind the director . 
 cale glanced over his shoulder at mercer . 
 the lines on the man 's face were even deeper than they 'd been before . 
 mercer lifted a hand and pointed at cale . 
 `` you 're making a mistake . '' 
 it would n't be the first time . 
 or the last . 
 `` you should cover your emotions better . '' 
 there sure was n't any emotion in mercer 's voice as he slowly headed around the desk and eased into his chair . 
 the last time they 'd been in this office , yes , cale had been able to read mercer pretty well . 
 the emotions had cracked beneath his surface . 
 this time ... the man was far too controlled . 
 he was dealing with mercer , the eod director , and definitely not the father who 'd been frantic . 
 cale realized that he 'd done that same compartmentalizing with cassidy . 
 the agent and the lover . 
 he damn well would n't do it again . 
 mercer eased behind his desk . 
 the leather chair groaned as he leaned forward . 
 his watchful stare had never left cale 's face . 
 `` others will read those emotions of yours . 
 if you 're not careful , your enemies will use them against you . '' 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , '' cale grumbled , not about to discuss what was going on personally between him and cassidy . 
 `` but - '' `` i 'm talking about cassidy . 
 about the way you look at my daughter . '' 
 mercer flattened his hands on the desk 's surface . 
 `` about what others will see unless you start watching yourself a whole lot better . '' 
 cale 's back teeth clenched . 
 `` what happens between me and your daughter - '' `` cassidy looks a lot like her mother . '' 
 mercer 's gaze seemed far away . 
 he looked right through cale , and at his own past . 
 `` same hair , eyes ... even that stubborn chin . 
 marguerite was so beautiful . 
 the first time i saw her ... '' he swallowed . 
 `` i knew i could n't walk away from her . '' 
 is n't that the way i feel about cassidy ? 
 because he knew that he should step down . 
 another case waited-plenty of other cases-but he could n't leave cassidy . 
 would n't leave her . 
 `` i was undercover , even then . 
 pretending to be someone i was n't . '' 
 mercer stared down at his hands . 
 `` always pretending . 
 but marguerite seemed to see through that . '' 
 this was a mercer that cale did n't know . 
 so he just stood , watching , waiting to see what mercer would reveal next . 
 `` i loved her , but i loved my job , too . 
 people counted on me . 
 so many lives . 
 so many ... '' his lips kicked up into a mocking smile . 
 `` but i was young . 
 foolish . 
 i thought i could have it all . 
 the girl . 
 the job . 
 the danger . 
 all of it . 
 everything i wanted . '' 
 the smile faded . 
 `` we married in secret . '' 
 married ... and had cassidy . 
 `` but i 'd made so many enemies . 
 they found my marguerite . 
 and took her from me . '' 
 his hands slapped against the desk . 
 `` in an instant , they took everything from me . 
 i was n't even there to tell her goodbye . '' 
 cale felt his muscles turn to stone . 
 this story ... the ending ... it hit far too close to home for him . 
 when he 'd been a teen , his parents had been taken from him . 
 not by an enemy , but by a drunk driver . 
 gone in an instant . 
 he 'd never been able to tell them goodbye . 
 he 'd never been able to save them . 
 so he tried to save others . 
 cale 's breath whispered from his lungs . 
 `` you did n't lose everything that day . 
 you still had cassidy . '' 
 beautiful , bright cassidy . 
 mercer 's eyes closed for a moment . 
 `` because of who i am ... what i am ... marguerite died . 
 cassidy had to see that terrible moment . 
 just a child , and she had to watch her mother die . '' 
 and the memory still haunted her . 
 he knew it probably always would . 
 `` what do you think you can give to cassidy ? '' 
 mercer asked him after he opened his eyes . 
 cale stared back at him , no ready answer on his lips . 
 `` you 're on the same path that i took . 
 danger . 
 enemies . '' 
 mercer shook his head . 
 `` one of your enemies framed you for murder just months ago . 
 you do n't have a safe or easy life . '' 
 no , he did n't . 
 `` what will you give to her ? 
 more danger ? 
 maybe even the same death that i gave to my marguerite ? '' 
 mercer looked very tired and weaker than cale had ever seen him before . 
 `` i want cassidy to be safe . 
 to have a normal life . 
 but she wo n't have that life with you , agent lane . '' 
 because he was eod . 
 because he 'd learned long ago how to deal quick death to the threats in this world . 
 `` step back from this case , '' mercer told him . 
 `` step back from cassidy before you do more damage to her than even i ever could . '' 
 `` the last thing i want is to hurt her , '' cale conceded . 
 the words were true , but he had n't thought ahead . 
 had n't thought past the moment of being with cassidy . 
 he 'd just wanted her . 
 after so long of being in the shadows of life , she 'd been a temptation he could n't resist . 
 he 'd reached out to her . 
 taken what he needed so badly . 
 and had n't considered the future . 
 `` there is no future for you two , '' mercer said , seeming to read his thoughts . 
 `` cassidy needs to move away from the eod , away from the guilt of her past . '' 
 because of her friend 's death . 
 `` she needs to find someone safe and settle down . '' 
 another man . 
 anger had his hands fisting . 
 `` you see that , do n't you ? '' 
 mercer pressed . 
 `` you see that you are n't the right one for my daughter . '' 
 he wanted to be . 
 he wanted to be her everything . 
 `` too violent , too dark and with too much death hanging on you . '' 
 mercer 's shoulders slumped . 
 `` do n't you think i know ? 
 you 're just like me . '' 
 no . 
 he did n't want to be like mercer . 
 `` we were n't made to love , '' mercer continued . 
 `` we were made to break and destroy . '' 
 cassidy could n't be destroyed . 
 `` that 's not happening , '' cale growled . 
 `` you will let her go , '' mercer said . 
 `` because you do n't want her to break . '' 
 their eyes locked . 
 `` i can pull you from this case-we both know i can . '' 
 ah , there was the mercer he knew-the cold confidence . 
 the hard threat . 
 but mercer was right . 
 he was the eod . 
 if the guy wanted cale tossed from the building , he would be . 
 armed guards would flood upstairs in an instant at his command . 
 they 'd toss him into the street . 
 then i 'd just have to bust my way back inside . 
 `` but i want you working this one , '' mercer continued , surprising him . 
 `` cassidy trusts you . 
 and with her friend 's life at stake , i do n't want cassidy any more afraid than she has to be . '' 
 cassidy was already plenty afraid . 
 `` so you can keep working with the team . '' 
 cale 's eyes were slits . 
 thanks-i was going to do that anyway . 
 `` but when genevieve is back , when we have this sob in custody , then it will be time for you to do the right thing and walk away from cassidy . '' 
 the right thing . 
 for her . 
 for him ? 
 `` are we clear , agent ? '' 
 there was no weakness in mercer 's voice then . 
 it made cale wonder if there ever had been . 
 had it just been an act ? 
 cassidy must have gotten her acting talent somewhere . 
 but unlike cassidy , mercer did n't give away any tells when he lied . 
 the man was an expert at deception . 
 `` oh , i think you 're being pretty damn clear , '' cale told him . 
 and now it was his turn to be clear . 
 cale stalked toward the big mahogany desk . 
 one of mercer 's brows rose . 
 cale wrapped his hands around the edge of the desk and leaned toward mercer . 
 `` i 'm not you . '' 
 mercer blinked . 
 `` so do n't tell me that i am . 
 do n't tell me what will happen to me or to cassidy . '' 
 he kept his voice level with an effort . 
 `` you 're my boss-i get that . 
 but i 'm starting to think that coming on board with the eod was a mistake . '' 
 `` are you , now ? '' 
 `` being a free agent worked a whole lot better for me . 
 there was a lot less b.s. to deal with . '' 
 like a father who should have been there for his daughter . 
 he stared at mercer-glared at him-then said once more , `` i 'm not you . '' 
 then he turned and walked away . 
 because , really , what else was there to say ? 
 * * * mercer did n't move as cale lane stalked from the room . 
 the agent did have a lot of rage inside him , but cale was pretty good at containing that rage . 
 if he had n't been so good at that containment , mercer figured the guy would have taken a swing or two at his jaw . 
 the door closed behind cale . 
 mercer opened his desk drawer , carefully moved the papers and pulled out the old black-and-white photo that he kept hidden there . 
 a photo of marguerite , holding cassidy when his daughter had been barely a year old . 
 i deserved those hits . 
 the past was gone , and no matter how much he wished that he could change things , there was no going back for him . 
 things would be different for cassidy . 
 he 'd make sure of it . 
 no matter how many strings he had to pull . 
 and no matter who he had to hurt . 
 he put the photograph back in place . 
 the edges were rough . 
 from all the years he 'd held that precious memory . 
 back then , cassidy 's eyes had lit with love when she looked at him . 
 when had she stopped looking at him that way ? 
 at her mother 's grave ... at the grave site , cassidy 's beautiful gaze had held an accusation . 
 she 'd known her mother 's death was his fault . 
 they 'd both known it . 
 because he had n't been able to give up the job , he 'd lost his family . 
 he shut the drawer and then pressed a button on his phone to contact his assistant . 
 `` get lancaster up here , '' he ordered . 
 lancaster was one agent who never let emotions slow him down . 
 mostly because the guy did n't seem to have any emotions . 
 not like cale . 
 his eyes burned when he looked at cassidy . 
 a few minutes later , a light rap sounded at mercer 's door . 
 when drew lancaster entered , mercer waved him forward . 
 `` i have a job for you , '' he said to the agent . 
 drew lancaster nodded . 
 i ca n't trust cale , but i can count on drew . 
 in the end , drew would do whatever was necessary . 
 he always did . 
 chapter nine `` how long have you had the tracking device ? '' 
 the quiet question came from dr. tina jamison as the eod doctor approached cassidy . 
 `` i 'm sorry but-i , uh , was n't given full access to your file . '' 
 no , of course mercer had n't given her that access . 
 cassidy rolled her shoulders . 
 `` the current device was implanted about six months ago . '' 
 not that she 'd wanted it implanted . 
 but she had n't exactly been given a choice . 
 dr. jamison , a petite woman with dark hair , peered up at her from behind the frames of her small glasses . 
 `` sydney checked the signal , and it seems to be operating fine . '' 
 ah , sydney . 
 that would be the delicate-looking blonde over in the corner . 
 the one huddled over a computer screen . 
 the one with the too-assessing gaze that kept sweeping back to cassidy . 
 `` it is operating perfectly , '' sydney said as she rose . 
 and when she stepped away from the computer , cassidy finally got a good look at the woman-and her very pregnant body . 
 did n't expect that . 
 `` no matter where you go , i 'll be able to track that signal , '' sydney said with a firm nod . 
 `` we can find you . '' 
 good to know . 
 because cassidy was going to that drop . 
 genevieve was counting on her . 
 the door opened behind dr. jamison . 
 gunner hurried inside . 
 cassidy tensed . 
 she knew gunner was working out the details of the meeting with genevieve 's captor and - and gunner stopped near sydney . 
 as she watched , gunner lightly rubbed his hand over the blonde 's neck . 
 sydney 's features softened . 
 wow . 
 i did n't expect that , either . 
 gunner , mr. i eat nails for breakfast , was with delicate sydney ? 
 before , he 'd told cassidy that he was married to an agent named sydney . 
 she just had n't expected to see the two of them like this . 
 to almost feel the connection running between them . 
 yes , that was envy that cassidy felt knifing through her . 
 envy because gunner had emotion blazing in his eyes as he looked at sydney . 
 love . 
 `` i 'd like to do some blood work on you , '' dr. jamison was saying , pulling cassidy 's attention back to her . 
 `` just some routine - '' `` no . '' 
 mercer had a rule about that . 
 one that he obviously needed to pass on to the good doctor here . 
 no blood work was ever performed on cassidy in this facility . 
 any checks she needed were privately performed in satellite offices that mercer set up for her . 
 tina 's eyes widened . 
 `` but , i , um - '' `` mercer just wants to make sure the locator is fully functional , '' gunner said as he stepped away from sydney . 
 `` nothing more , tina . 
 you do n't have to run any extra tests . '' 
 cassidy forced a tight smile . 
 `` right . 
 nothing more . '' 
 tina hesitated , but then she gave a little nod and hurried from the room . 
 sydney skirted around gunner and closed in on cassidy . 
 sydney 's gaze was assessing as it took her in . 
 `` you 're not what i expected . '' 
 sydney was n't what she 'd expected , either . 
 if the lady was with gunner , should n't she be a little package of death and danger ? 
 but the woman did n't look dangerous . 
 she was ... pretty . 
 very pretty . 
 and her hand was lightly rubbing her belly , as if caressing the child inside . 
 cassidy pulled in a slow breath . 
 `` a party girl , right ? 
 that 's what you expected ? '' 
 another slow breath . 
 then she let a big smile take over her face . 
 `` i 'm just a little tired . 
 give me a bit ... '' she forced a light laugh . 
 `` and i 'll be back on my game . '' 
 sydney 's head cocked to the side as she studied her . 
 `` you 're very good at that . '' 
 cassidy kept her smile in place . 
 `` it 's almost like another woman just slipped inside of you . '' 
 sydney 's voice was musing . 
 `` i thought you were an asset , but you 'd sure make for an interesting agent . '' 
 cassidy did n't so much as flicker an eyelid . 
 sydney leaned closer to her . 
 `` why is your file sealed ? '' 
 a whisper that did n't carry . 
 gunner had taken up a position guarding the door . 
 `` what do i need to know about you , '' sydney demanded as steel slipped into her soft voice , `` in order to make sure that gunner is n't put at any additional risk while he 's on your detail ? '' 
 gunner ... who would be a father soon . 
 gunner ... who looked at sydney with love . 
 `` is this about the executioner ? '' 
 sydney wanted to know . 
 `` or is there something more going on here ? '' 
 sydney just wanted to protect her family . 
 what was so wrong with that ? 
 cale knew cassidy 's secret . 
 he wo n't tell them . 
 mercer sure would n't . 
 `` gunner is going on the exchange with you tonight . 
 if i need to make sure you have more backup , if i need to change any of the plans , then tell me . '' 
 sydney sounded afraid . 
 i do n't want gunner going with me . 
 because it could still be about more than just the nightmare in rio . 
 `` why is your file sealed ? '' 
 sydney pressed . 
 `` tell me . 
 or do n't . '' 
 anger . 
 `` i can find out on my own-it will just take a little longer . '' 
 but mercer would have safeguards in place to block access to cassidy 's file . 
 if sydney did manage to hack her way through the system , mercer would find out . 
 then what would happen to sydney ? 
 `` i 'm no one important , '' cassidy said . 
 no hitch , no hitch . 
 she was working hard to control that tell . 
 `` just a girl in the wrong place . '' 
 sydney 's gaze searched hers . 
 `` at the wrong time ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` bull . '' 
 sydney 's blunt response . 
 cassidy let her smile fade . 
 `` you do n't want to dig into my past . '' 
 `` we 've all got darkness dodging us . '' 
 sydney edged a bit closer . 
 `` i just want to make sure your darkness wo n't hurt gunner . '' 
 mr. tall , dark and scary . 
 who was obviously smitten with the blonde . 
 `` gunner seems to be a man who can protect himself . '' 
 `` he can . '' 
 there was absolute certainty in her voice . 
 then sydney pressed , `` what 's your secret ? 
 will it hurt gunner ? '' 
 yes . 
 `` i 'm not an agent , and i 'm not an asset . '' 
 sydney nodded . 
 `` you 're a personal link . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she 'd made the reveal because she would n't let her past hurt these people . 
 going in blind ? 
 no , that was n't what she wanted . 
 was n't it past time that she stopped following mercer 's orders ? 
 `` personal ... to mercer , '' sydney said , seeming to understand . 
 it was cassidy 's turn to nod . 
 before she could say anything else , the door opened . 
 cale was there , looking strong and determined and so sexy that he made her ache . 
 for a few hours , she 'd dared to dream of having something more with him . 
 then reality had come crashing down on her . 
 the cold press of reality hurt . 
 `` is cassidy 's tracking signal set ? '' 
 cale wanted to know . 
 sydney stepped back , moving with surprising speed despite her pregnancy . 
 `` yes . 
 she 's good . 
 we can find her anywhere . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 cale offered his hand to cassidy . 
 `` come with me . '' 
 anywhere . 
 no , that was n't what she was supposed to say . 
 she was supposed to keep playing it cool , uninvolved . 
 so what if cale was the first man who 'd actually seemed to want her in years ? 
 not the false image that she presented to the world . 
 but the real person she kept hidden inside . 
 her fingers curled around his . 
 `` we leave in forty-five minutes , '' gunner reminded them . 
 cale nodded , and then he guided her from the room . 
 he hurried her outside through the narrow hallway . 
 she wondered if they were going back upstairs to meet with mercer , but - but then cale opened a door on the right . 
 he led her inside the small office and locked the door behind them . 
 he seemed to fill that space . 
 his scent wrapped around her , and she remembered-too vividly-what it was like to be locked in his arms . 
 to be holding him tight in the darkness . 
 `` mercer does n't want me near you . '' 
 ah , yes , those blunt words were what she 'd anticipated . 
 `` i told mercer to screw off . '' 
 cale pulled her against him . 
 the heat of his body seemed to sear her . 
 `` i 'm not ready to give you up . '' 
 not exactly an undying declaration of love . 
 but ... they were n't talking about love , were they ? 
 they had need , desire , and it was a whole lot more than she 'd felt in a long time . 
 `` we 'll get your friend back . 
 after that , i 'll take you someplace safe . '' 
 his head lowered , and his lips feathered over hers . 
 `` but then i want you . '' 
 she could feel his need pressing against her . 
 rather hard for a girl to miss a sign like that . 
 `` mercer was right ... i am dangerous . 
 violent . 
 i 've killed . '' 
 she wanted his mouth back on hers . 
 not a teasing soft kiss , but hard and fierce and deep . 
 a kiss that made her feel alive . 
 the way he seemed to so effortlessly do . 
 `` i 'm not a good man for you to want . '' 
 he was the only one she wanted . 
 `` but i ca n't give you up . 
 not yet . '' 
 then he was kissing her the way she wanted . 
 with hot passion , stark need . 
 his tongue thrust into her mouth even as his hands curled around her hips , and he lifted her up against his arousal . 
 she could n't ever remember being wanted that completely . 
 mercer had asked cale if he was becoming obsessed . 
 cassidy wondered if she was because cale seemed to be in her very blood . 
 her fingers pressed into the broad width of his shoulders as she clung to him . 
 they did n't have time , did n't have the privacy for what she wanted . 
 but she still kissed him ... letting him taste the passion that she felt for him . 
 so hot . 
 `` give me time , '' he rasped against her lips . 
 `` do n't vanish with him , not yet . '' 
 she did n't want to vanish ever again . 
 `` too many people have left before i was ready , '' cale said . 
 his mouth was inches from hers . 
 `` i do n't want to lose you , too . '' 
 `` you wo n't . '' 
 because she was done running . 
 cale ... she wanted to stay with him . 
 wanted the passion and the life that others had so easily . 
 with cale . 
 it did n't seem wrong to her . 
 nothing had ever seemed more right . 
 `` i 'm going to stay with you tonight . 
 every second , understand ? '' 
 yes , she did . 
 `` when this is over , it will be just you and me . '' 
 that was what she wanted . 
 `` you and me , '' cale repeated . 
 those were the words she 'd hold tight . 
 they would get her through the danger that was coming . 
 * * * cassidy 's telephone rang as they reached the designated meeting spot . 
 the peal made her jerk in surprise , but cale had expected the call . 
 sydney would be monitoring cassidy 's phone , trying to track the call 's origin and figure out exactly who they were dealing with . 
 they 'd tried to track the first call but had come up empty-handed . 
 the call had been too brief for them to get a good lock on it . 
 maybe this time they 'd get luckier . 
 cale knew that gunner watched them from the shelter of the darkness on the left , up on the second story of the squat building located there . 
 as a sniper , he always enjoyed a high perch that let him watch his prey . 
 as for drew lancaster , the man that mercer had insisted accompany them , he was to the right , cloaked by the trees . 
 cassidy fumbled as she yanked out her phone . 
 `` genevieve ? '' 
 she hit the speaker button so that he could hear . 
 `` h-he said you did n't come alone . '' 
 genevieve 's quivering voice . 
 `` he can see you , cassidy . 
 y-you did n't come alone . '' 
 `` you never said for me to come alone . '' 
 cassidy 's voice was so quiet that cale wondered if genevieve could hear the response . 
 `` and he 's - he 's my boyfriend , genevieve . 
 he would n't let me come alone . 
 he 's stayed with me , ever since we met in rio . '' 
 silence . 
 `` the man ... from the ball ? '' 
 then genevieve sucked in a sharp breath . 
 `` no ! 
 cassidy ! '' 
 the shot rang out then , blasting toward them . 
 cale shoved cassidy out of the way , but then he realized that the shot had n't been aimed at her . 
 at me . 
 he tapped his transmitter . 
 `` gunner , tell me that you 've got eyes on the sob . '' 
 crouching , he backed cassidy up , making sure to shield her even as he drew his weapon . 
 `` from the northeast , using a rifle . '' 
 a low whistle from gunner . 
 `` taking aim on him now ... '' a crack filled the air . 
 only this time , the eod was the one taking the shot . 
 `` genevieve ? '' 
 cassidy 's frantic voice . 
 `` genevieve , please , talk to me ! '' 
 he glanced over at her . 
 cassidy still had her phone out . 
 the device was pressed to her ear as she desperately tried to get her friend on the line once more . 
 her gaze met his . 
 cassidy shook her head . 
 he bit off a curse . 
 `` heading to the northeast corner now , '' lancaster said in his ear . 
 cale could hear the uneven thud of the other agent 's footsteps . 
 and then ... another crack split the night . 
 the bullet sank into concrete inches away from cale . 
 cassidy screamed . 
 cale returned fire , having seen the glint off the weapon too late . 
 not one shooter , two . 
 the guys had come prepared for the eod . 
 or else they 'd come prepared to kill cassidy . 
 just how many men were they facing in that darkness ? 
 it did n't matter . 
 three eod agents could handle just about anything . 
 he shoved cassidy even farther behind him and took aim again when he saw that glint . 
 `` i 've got him , '' gunner said into his ear . 
 `` but i 'm also seeing two more bodies moving on the ground . 
 you need to get her out of there . '' 
 `` northeast corner is empty , but there 's blood on the ground . 
 gunner got a hit , '' lancaster told them in the next instant . 
 `` there are motorcycle tracks back here . 
 fresh , from the look of them - '' he broke off , and the sound of gunfire had cale 's eardrums aching . 
 a trap . 
 the hit from the northeast corner had been designed to draw out cale 's team . 
 and , sure enough , drew had gone right back there-lured by the bait . 
 `` lancaster ! '' 
 now cale was the one trying to frantically get a response . 
 `` h-hit , '' lancaster responded weakly . 
 `` get ... out ... '' the eod did n't leave a team member behind . 
 that was n't how they worked . 
 but he was n't going to risk cassidy , either . 
 these bastards wanted her , but they 'd have to go through him in order to get her . 
 `` give me cover , gunner , and get backup out here - '' `` sydney 's already got it on the way . '' 
 he kept a tight grip on cassidy 's wrist . 
 `` move with me . 
 every step . '' 
 she nodded . 
 then they were off , rushing back through the dark woods , heading for the safety of the suv that waited near the street and - `` cassidy ! '' 
 cassidy froze . 
 `` no ! 
 keep going ! '' 
 cale ordered . 
 she tried to pull away from him . 
 `` that 's genevieve ! '' 
 it was another trap . 
 one designed to bring her into the darkness , the same way that lancaster had been lured in . 
 only ... `` there 's no exchange planned . 
 he 's not going to let her go . 
 he 'll take you both . '' 
 she had to see that . 
 cassidy stared back at him . 
 `` but we knew that was the plan all along , did n't we ? 
 that 's why you 're here . 
 why i 'm here . 
 why i 've got the tracker . '' 
 his jaw ached . 
 `` so let 's do this . '' 
 she yanked her hand away from him . 
 `` just follow me . 
 she 's here . '' 
 and cassidy could be tracked anywhere . 
 then a hail of bullets broke the night . 
 no ! 
 cassidy could be tracked , but if a bullet took her out ... more gunfire told him that this was n't about capturing cassidy . 
 not about using her . 
 it was about killing her . 
 and cassidy was running away from him . 
 running toward genevieve 's fading scream . 
 `` no ! '' 
 he had to go with her . 
 cale lunged after cassidy . 
 and that was the moment when the world exploded around him . 
 they 'd planned carefully , wearing bulletproof vests , putting gunner up for surveillance ... even mercer was staked out just a block away . 
 but they had n't counted on the bomb . 
 it lit the whole night . 
 the force from the blast lifted cale up and tossed him back , away from cassidy . 
 he yelled her name , desperate , as he slammed back down into the earth . 
 but cassidy did n't answer him . 
 and as the flames flickered and spread , he shouted for her , again and again . 
 * * * four dead bodies were recovered at the scene . 
 four men in black , men who 'd been taken out by cale and gunner 's bullets . 
 four bodies , but no sign of genevieve or of cassidy . 
 `` you were supposed to protect her ! '' 
 mercer snarled , spittle flying from his mouth . 
 they were still at the scene . 
 the heavy scents of ash and blood filled the air . 
 he 'd expected mercer 's fury . 
 the same fury-and fear-were coiling dangerously within him . 
 where is cassidy ? 
 `` get sydney to activate her tracking device . '' 
 that was the plan , right ? 
 he glared at mercer . 
 `` this was your idea . 
 you were the one who wanted - '' to use your own daughter . 
 but i was the fool who agreed to the plan . 
 because cassidy had been so desperate to get her friend back . 
 mercer glared at him . 
 an ambulance 's swirling lights flashed . 
 `` you said you 'd keep her with you every single minute . '' 
 `` get the track going ! '' 
 he spun away from mercer before he gave in to the urge to drive his fist right into the man 's face . 
 when he turned , cale saw lancaster being loaded into the back of an ambulance . 
 `` the track 's on . '' 
 sydney 's quiet voice . 
 sydney 's here ? 
 he looked to the left and saw gunner holding her within the protective circle of his arms . 
 `` cassidy is three miles over , heading east on brookley . '' 
 hell , yes . 
 `` we 've got a link on her and - '' sydney broke off , frowning at the small monitor gripped in her hand . 
 `` sydney ? '' 
 she looked up at him , frowning . 
 `` we lost the signal . '' 
 `` then get it back ! '' 
 she started typing quickly on the keypad . 
 she tapped her transmitter , talking with her team back at the eod office . 
 a heavy cold began to spread through his gut . 
 `` sydney ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` her tracking device went off-line . '' 
 fear was driving his rage , breaking his control . 
 cassidy never should have been there . 
 he 'd told her and mercer the plan was crap . 
 `` why ? 
 why is n't it working ? '' 
 sydney licked her lips . 
 her gaze darted over his shoulder . 
 to mercer ? 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 * * * cassidy screamed when the knife plunged into the curve of her shoulder . 
 a man 's rough hands held her down , forcing her against the side of the van . 
 the van . 
 the big , black van that had been waiting for her after the fire had erupted , separating her from cale . 
 cale ! 
 `` let 's see them find you now , '' the man muttered . 
 they 'd taken out her tracking device . 
 they 'd known exactly where the device was located . 
 how ? 
 `` we know your secrets , cassidy sherridan , '' the man told her as he ran the bloody tip of his blade over her cheek . 
 `` and soon we 'll know your father 's secrets , too . '' 
 this was n't about the executioner . 
 we were wrong . 
 genevieve had been taken ... cassidy had been taken-because of mercer . 
 not because of the killer in rio . 
 the van bumped and jostled , and cassidy remembered another night . 
 another time . 
 it had been a van back then , too . 
 a big white van . 
 a delivery van . 
 it had been broken down in the middle of the road . 
 her mother had stopped to see if she could help the driver . 
 then the men with guns had jumped from that van . 
 her mother had screamed for cassidy to stay in the car . 
 the car had n't been any protection . 
 `` what will the big man do in order to get you back ? '' 
 her mother had fought . 
 she 'd been so desperate to protect cassidy . 
 she 'd fought and she 'd died . 
 `` where 's genevieve ? '' 
 because she 'd heard her friend 's screams . 
 they had pulled her away from cale . 
 genevieve had been there in that park . 
 `` she did n't survive the little rendezvous with you . '' 
 mocking laughter from him . 
 from the man that she still could n't see . 
 `` but do n't worry , your genny did her job just fine . 
 she brought us you . '' 
 genevieve was dead ? 
 it felt as if he 'd just shoved that bloody knife right in her chest . 
 no , genevieve should have been saved . 
 it had been a rescue mission . 
 the van bumped again . 
 her blood soaked her shirt . 
 her shoulder throbbed . 
 burned . 
 `` you 'll tell us everything , '' the man ordered , his voice low and sinister . 
 `` everything you know about your father ... and your lover . 
 we know cale lane is eod . 
 you 'll tell us about him , about them both . '' 
 and she 'd still die . 
 her mother had fought . 
 i am my mother 's daughter . 
 they should have checked her for weapons . 
 they 'd made the same mistake that cale had made before . 
 story of her life-always being underestimated . 
 their foolish mistake . 
 she had n't walked into that park unarmed . 
 she was sitting with her legs curled toward her body . 
 this time she was n't packing a knife in her ankle holster . 
 her boots hid a small gun that was secured to her ankle . 
 her right hand slid down , and her fingers locked around the weapon . 
 `` get away from me . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` let me go ! '' 
 `` no . 
 i 'm going to make you scream . '' 
 the way her mother had screamed ? 
 screamed for me to hide . 
 screamed and said , `` close your eyes , ma petite . 
 close your eyes ! '' 
 only cassidy had n't closed her eyes . 
 she did n't close them now , either . 
 she yanked up that gun , and she fired at him . 
 the bullet tore right through him and flew toward the front of the vehicle . 
 cassidy 's captor stumbled back , roaring in pain and shock . 
 and another cry , pain-filled , just as shocked , came from the front of the vehicle . 
 then the van swerved , twisted - cassidy leaped to her feet . 
 she shoved open the back door of the van . 
 wind whipped against her body . 
 this was her chance . 
 she was taking it . 
 the black pavement blurred beneath her eyes . 
 it would hurt . 
 but pain was better than dying . 
 she sucked in a sharp breath . 
 `` no ! 
 stop - '' cassidy jumped onto the pavement . 
 she hit hard , rolled and felt the flesh tear from her hands and arms . 
 the van slammed on the brakes , and the scent of burning rubber filled her nose . 
 cassidy knew that she had to get up , she had to run , so she staggered to her feet . 
 she stepped forward-and fell again . 
 her ankle throbbed painfully . 
 then she heard the sirens . 
 the sweet , beautiful sirens that were getting closer , closer , and she lifted her head and just saw the flash of red lights coming toward her . 
 she tried to crawl toward those lights . 
 the van 's tires squealed as the vehicle rushed away . 
 cassidy kept crawling toward those lights . 
 * * * cale shoved down the brake the instant that the patrol car 's headlights fell on cassidy . 
 he 'd taken that damn vehicle , rushed over to brookley , burning rubber , and he 'd desperately searched the surrounding streets . 
 his palms were sweating , his heart racing . 
 and cassidy-his cassidy-was crawling in the middle of the road . 
 he threw open the door and rushed toward her . 
 `` cassidy ! '' 
 he 'd raced to another scene , on another street , so many years before . 
 he 'd found the bodies of his parents . 
 seen his little sister ... she 'd been alive . 
 so was cassidy . 
 * * * he lifted her into his arms . 
 she was bleeding , trembling . 
 he wanted to crush her to him , but he forced his hold to stay gentle . 
 she needed care from him right then . 
 not raw desperation . 
 `` it 's all right , sweetheart . 
 i 've got you . '' 
 `` they ... knew ... '' he carried her back to the patrol car . 
 his breath hissed from between his teeth when he saw the blood on her shirt . 
 too much blood . 
 `` cassidy ... '' `` he cut ... tracker ... '' he grabbed for his phone . 
 `` i 've got her . '' 
 what street was he on ? 
 `` debouy and hutchins . 
 she needs an ambulance ! '' 
 and if that ambulance did n't get there in the next few moments , he 'd just rush her to the hospital himself . 
 cassidy ... bleeding out in his arms . 
 nightmare . 
 that would n't happen . 
 he 'd said that he would protect her . 
 `` c-cale ? '' 
 his body had curled over hers . 
 he 'd put his hand over her main wound , applying pressure to stop the blood flow as best he could . 
 when he 'd been back at that park behind dunlay , dark fear had controlled his thoughts . 
 cassidy had left him . 
 he had n't gotten to tell her goodbye . 
 just like with his parents . 
 his lips brushed her cheek . 
 `` do n't leave me . '' 
 her hand rose . 
 her fingers-her skin had been scraped from her palms . 
 what the hell had happened to her ? 
 but her fingers lightly touched his cheek . 
 `` i 'm ... not . '' 
 she even tried to smile then . 
 smiling ? 
 after what she 'd been through ? 
 his heart stopped for a moment . 
 then beat even faster , harder , than it ever had before . 
 `` it takes more than ... this , '' cassidy whispered , `` to stop me . '' 
 and he knew that he was staring at one of the strongest women he 'd ever met , and he 'd sure come across more than his share of fierce protectors during his time in the military-and as a civilian . 
 cassidy was n't weak . 
 she was - everything . 
 he held her even tighter . 
 `` tell me who did this to you . '' 
 he could hear the scream of the ambulance 's siren , coming closer and closer . 
 `` tell me , sweetheart . 
 i 'll find them . '' 
 hunt them . 
 stop them . 
 kill them . 
 no one hurts her and walks away . 
 yeah , that violent side of his , that predatory side that others whispered about ? 
 that mercer had flat out taunted him with ? 
 it was out . 
 he 'd been trained to hunt and kill his enemies . 
 the one who 'd done this to her would pay . 
 cale would make absolutely certain of that . 
 `` i shot him , '' she confessed in a whisper . 
 his eyes widened . 
 good . 
 `` i had ... a gun ... at my ankle . 
 got it before i-i left ... the eod . '' 
 the ambulance rushed around the corner and came to a screeching halt . 
 two other vehicles were right behind it-a black suv and a long , gray sedan . 
 the ambulance attendants ran toward them . 
 gunner and mercer jumped out of the suv . 
 `` never saw his face ... '' `` cassidy ! '' 
 mercer was there , shoving back the ambulance attendants . 
 cale growled at him . 
 `` let them through ! 
 she 's hurt ! '' 
 he had her blood on his hands . 
 `` s-someone else was driving ... the v-van ... d-dark van ... '' cassidy told him , voice roughening . 
 `` two people ... two ... '' after the way things had gone down at the park , he 'd realized they were dealing with a group , not just one attacker . 
 a sob burst from cassidy . 
 mercer had moved back , finally , and he stood watching them , with his hands clenched into fists . 
 `` g-genevieve ... '' her name seemed torn from cassidy . 
 `` she 's dead . '' 
 cale 's breath was cold in his lungs . 
 he 'd been afraid that she was . 
 the captors had gotten cassidy , and once they had her-well , genevieve was no longer an asset . 
 she was another body to carry around-a liability . 
 deadweight . 
 he helped the attendants load cassidy onto the stretcher . 
 she held tightly to his hand , her grip fierce and desperate . 
 his hold on her was even stronger . 
 mercer stood to the side , watching , with shoulders slumped . 
 `` she was my f-friend , '' cassidy whispered as tears tracked down her cheeks . 
 `` the only one i had , for so long . '' 
 her tears were ripping him apart . 
 `` you 're not alone , cassidy . 
 i wo n't ever let you be alone . '' 
 no matter what he had to do . 
 no matter what he had to sacrifice . 
 his life-everything-had changed for him . 
 `` how bad is it ? '' 
 mercer asked quietly . 
 bad enough . 
 there was too much blood . 
 cassidy was too pale under the ambulance 's lights . 
 `` blood pressure 's too low , '' one of the attendants said . 
 `` we need to get her to the e.r. '' `` i 'm going , '' cale said instantly . 
 and he was . 
 when that stretcher was loaded into the ambulance , he was right there . 
 at her side . 
 where he knew he was supposed to be . 
 he brushed the hair back from her cheek , wiped away her tears . 
 when cale looked up , he saw mercer standing just past the open doors of the ambulance . 
 `` stay with her , agent lane , '' mercer ordered , his voice gruff . 
 no emotion there . 
 emotion should have been there . 
 the guy was her father . 
 he should be trying to get in that ambulance , too . 
 but mercer was stepping back . 
 `` i 'll want to talk to her when she 's clear , '' mercer added with a firm nod . 
 the guy was acting as if cassidy was any other asset . 
 she 's not . 
 cale glared at him . 
 this guy held most of the power reins in d.c. , but folks did n't realize it . 
 cale realized it . 
 he was n't intimidated . 
 he was furious . 
 `` get your damn priorities in order , '' he snarled at him . 
 then the doors closed . 
 he could n't see mercer anymore . 
 good . 
 he did n't want to deal with mercer then . 
 only cassidy mattered . 
 `` c-cale ? '' 
 cassidy was shaking . 
 no , seizing . 
 when he heard the emts say that her blood pressure was dropping too much , cale felt his own heart start to sputter with fear . 
 he held her even tighter . 
 as the medics worked on her , as they tried to stabilize cassidy , he held her tight . 
 because she was n't just an asset to him . 
 * * * mercer watched the ambulance rush from the scene . 
 he swallowed the lump that wanted to choke him . 
 when he 'd first seen cassidy , cradled in cale 's arms , with all that blood ... i thought i 'd lost her , too . 
 `` mercer ? '' 
 gunner 's quiet voice . 
 `` i saw a video camera on that last red light that we passed . 
 i 've already called sydney-she 's gon na pull up the feed . '' 
 and sydney would be able to show them all just what had gone down on that dark road . 
 just how his daughter had wound up bloody and broken . 
 he tried to control the rage growing in him . 
 with his job , he was n't supposed to let emotion rule him . 
 he was n't supposed to - marguerite had looked as broken as cassidy . 
 with blood on her body . 
 so pale . 
 just left in the street . 
 like his cassidy . 
 his fingers were shaking . 
 mercer balled them into fists . 
 `` sir ? '' 
 had he spoken ? 
 he must have , because gunner was frowning at him . 
 `` we find them . 
 we take them out . '' 
 his words were brittle . 
 `` i want every tech we 've got going over that video . 
 we 'll put an all-points bulletin up for the vehicle , and we will have that van . '' 
 he wanted that van found within the hour . 
 the video would show them the make and model of the vehicle cassidy had described . 
 `` cassidy shot one of the assailants , so he 'll need medical help . 
 get men at the hospitals . 
 anyone comes in with a gunshot wound , i want to know about it . '' 
 he paused , sucking in a sharp breath as he realized that his words had fired out too hard and fast . 
 not controlled . 
 not any longer . 
 cassidy 's blood stained the street . 
 gunner stepped closer to him . 
 `` mercer ... '' `` cale ca n't be trusted to keep her safe . '' 
 flat . 
 he believed those words with every fiber of his being . 
 because he 'd seen the way the man looked at cassidy when she was loaded onto that stretcher . 
 that look was n't just about attraction . 
 it was much more . 
 once , mercer had looked at marguerite that way . 
 when emotions got involved , the cases became even more dangerous . 
 he did n't let gunner and sydney work in the field together any longer-he could n't . 
 it was too much of a risk . 
 but sydney had been promoted to oversee their tech ops , and gunner ... well , gunner had already shown signs of wanting to pull away from the eod . 
 few agents stayed with the eod for life . 
 `` i think you 're wrong . '' 
 gunner 's voice was quiet . 
 intense . 
 the way the guy always seemed to be . 
 mercer glared at him . 
 `` i think cale is actually your best bet for keeping her safe right now . '' 
 bull . 
 he was a liability . 
 despite any of mercer 's original plans , the situation had changed . 
 `` why would you - '' `` because i 've got eyes , too , mercer . 
 if someone tried to hurt syd , what do you think i 'd do ? '' 
 he knew exactly what gunner ortez would do . 
 kill . 
 because sydney and the twins were gunner 's life . 
 but cale had only just met cassidy . 
 his feelings for her could n't be trusted . 
 they 'd make him weak . 
 they 'd - `` he wo n't leave her . 
 you can kick him out of the eod , you can try to force him from her side , but the man is one of the most dangerous i 've ever met . 
 we 'll waste more time trying to stop him from being with her than doing anything else . '' 
 gunner was trying to be reasonable . 
 mercer was tired of reason . 
 `` he 'll destroy her . '' 
 said with certainty . 
 because cale was too much like - me . 
 and i destroyed my marguerite . 
 `` sometimes people can surprise you . '' 
 mercer marched away from him . 
 techs had arrived on scene . 
 they were studying the skid marks left on the road . 
 they 'd already flagged an area of blood on the cement . 
 cassidy 's blood . 
 he hated the sight of her blood . 
 `` people do n't surprise me anymore , '' mercer muttered . 
 he knew all about the darkness inside them . 
 there were no surprises . 
 in the beginning , he 'd actually thought that cale might - he stopped the thought . 
 no , cale was n't good for cassidy . 
 cale was too much of a threat . 
 steps would be taken to separate them . 
 cassidy would be safe . 
 cale would be sent on another mission . 
 life would go on . 
 it always did . 
 except for my marguerite ... her life had ended far too soon . 
 `` find them , '' mercer ordered the men and women who stared at him with wary eyes . 
 kill them . 
 because if her attackers knew cassidy 's true identity , then he could n't allow those men to live . 
 he did n't need cale to tell him about priorities . 
 his main priority was the same one that it had been since the day he buried marguerite . 
 keep my daughter alive . 
 nothing else mattered . 
 no one else mattered . 
 chapter ten the lights in the hospital were too bright and hard , glaring down on her as cassidy lay on the operating table . 
 she was n't shaking anymore . 
 that was good , right ? 
 she was sure trying to take it as a good sign . 
 the violent tremors had rocked her for so long , and she 'd been terribly afraid . 
 i do n't want to die . 
 there were too many things that she wanted to do in this world . 
 death was n't an option . 
 please , do n't be an option . 
 an iv fed into her wrist , she was n't sure why , and there was a circle of doctors around her . 
 `` cale ? '' 
 she needed him to be there with her . 
 her head turned a little to the right . 
 and she saw that he was . 
 stepping quickly to her side . 
 sliding his hand over her cheek . 
 the heartbeat that had begun to race slowed down . 
 the beeping machines quieted a bit . 
 `` they 're almost finished stitching you back up , '' he told her . 
 it seemed like every time she turned around , she was getting stitched up-or he was . 
 could n't they manage to go a few hours without injury ? 
 but cassidy did n't want to think about stitches or wounds then . 
 she could feel the slight pressure on her , but she did n't try to look over at the doctors . 
 she kept her eyes on cale . 
 genevieve is dead . 
 a hollow ache filled her chest . 
 she 'd lost someone else that she cared about . 
 sometimes she felt like she was cursed . 
 always meant to be on her own . 
 genevieve had deserved better than to die because she knew cassidy . 
 i should have gone to her . 
 as soon as genevieve had called her , cassidy should have run to her . 
 but she had n't . 
 she 'd been too busy keeping her secrets . 
 how many lives would her secrets cost ? 
 `` th-the other agent , '' cassidy whispered as worry pulsed through her . 
 `` drew lancaster . 
 how is he ? '' 
 be alive , be - `` lancaster 's fine . 
 it takes more than a bullet to stop him . '' 
 but one slice of a knife had almost taken her out . 
 `` cass . '' 
 he breathed her name like a caress . 
 `` what happened to your hands ? 
 your knees ? '' 
 she tried to smile for him . 
 `` i jumped out of the van . '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 the pressure on her wound finally stopped . 
 cassidy pulled in a deep breath . 
 `` get me out of here , '' she whispered to cale . 
 `` please , just get me away from here . '' 
 away from the death . 
 away from those bright white walls . 
 away from the nightmares that just would n't stop . 
 cale stared into her eyes , then , after a brief moment , he nodded . 
 thank you . 
 * * * `` i need help ! '' 
 his voice was high and shrill . 
 desperate . 
 angry . 
 pain-filled . 
 probably because his blood was pouring all over the back of the van . 
 `` take me to a hospital ! '' 
 that was n't going to happen-he should know better than to even ask for such a foolish thing . 
 the eod would already have eyes at all of the hospitals , waiting for a gunshot victim to be brought in . 
 cassidy had been surprising . 
 she 'd actually used her weapon , been ready to kill in order to survive . 
 i did n't think she had it in her . 
 but perhaps cassidy was like her father , after all . 
 mercer had never hesitated on a kill . 
 no matter how many lives he destroyed . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 he was clutching his stomach , moaning . 
 he could survive the wound provided that he got help soon enough . 
 the blood flow could be staunched . 
 he 'd get stitched up . 
 but he 'd be weak . 
 there was n't time for weakness . 
 already agents were probably tracking the vehicle . 
 those stupid cameras were everywhere in the u.s. big brother-mercer-always watching . 
 but the screaming man had to be dealt with . 
 it was so hard to find good help these days . 
 so hard ... all of the best men in their team had died in rio , courtesy of cassidy and the eod . 
 `` please ! '' 
 he gasped out . 
 fine . 
 `` i will help you . '' 
 he smiled . 
 finally stopped that pathetic begging . 
 good . 
 his calm would make things easier . 
 he did n't see the gun-not until it was too late . 
 by then , there was no time for any more pleas . 
 no time to try to lunge away . 
 the bullet hit him in the heart . 
 a direct shot . 
 not sloppy aim . 
 cassidy had been sloppy . 
 he fell back , his head slamming into the floor of the van . 
 injured , he 'd been a liability . 
 he would have kept demanding help , and if he 'd gone to the hospital , then mercer 's men would 've had him . 
 the injured man would have turned on his boss-it would only have been a matter of time . 
 the loyal men had died in rio . 
 the others ... they were n't to be trusted . 
 used , but not trusted . 
 the smell of his blood deepened in the air . 
 cassidy had bled in that van , too . 
 bled , pleaded . 
 escaped . 
 damn it . 
 the hunt was n't over . 
 not yet . 
 an eye for an eye . 
 the scales were far from being balanced . 
 the van was left just where it sat , its doors hanging open . 
 mercer could find the dead man inside . 
 a dead man would tell him nothing . 
 cassidy would be in the hospital . 
 which one ? 
 does n't matter . 
 i 'll keep looking until i find you . 
 cassidy might have thought that she 'd gotten away clean , that she could just disappear with her agent lover , but she was wrong . 
 an eye for an eye . 
 cassidy was going to find out that there was no escaping from death . 
 * * * she 'd wanted out of the hospital , but that was n't happening . 
 cale had agreed to take cassidy away , but he had to make sure she was recovered enough first for the travel that he had in mind . 
 the staff gave her a private room . 
 mercer sent guards for her , and cale did n't leave her for even a moment . 
 she slept . 
 he stood watch . 
 against those white sheets , she looked too pale and fragile . 
 so very breakable . 
 he was n't going to let her break . 
 the door squeaked open behind him . 
 he turned instantly , moving for the weapon that was still holstered beneath his shoulder . 
 an instinctive response . 
 but it was dr. tina jamison who stood in the doorway . 
 he frowned at her . 
 tina did n't usually leave the eod headquarters for a case . 
 he 'd actually only seen her in the field twice , both times to help wounded agents . 
 she 'd been scared each time , her hands trembling , but she 'd gotten the job done . 
 `` mercer . 
 he wanted me to come in and make sure that cassidy was all right . '' 
 she pushed the door closed behind her . 
 `` he also wanted me to check on you . '' 
 he was barely aware of his own wounds , some scratches and contusions from the blast . 
 the docs at the hospital had patched him up , too , despite his protests . 
 tina headed toward the monitors on the right side of the bed . 
 `` the docs gave her a sedative to help her sleep . '' 
 tina paused , then glanced back at him . 
 `` is that what they told you ? '' 
 he did n't like her tone , not a bit . 
 suspicious now , he kept a wary eye on her . 
 tina reached for the clipboard . 
 `` it looks like she 'll be just fine . '' 
 she put the clipboard down and turned to face him . 
 `` now let me check on you . '' 
 cale grabbed the hand that lifted toward him . 
 `` what 's going on , tina ? '' 
 she glanced down at his hand . 
 he felt the tremble that shook her . 
 no , tina did n't like leaving the safety of her labs at the eod . 
 but she 'd come there tonight , on mercer 's order ? 
 is that what they told you ? 
 her words rang in his head again . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 he wanted to know . 
 he and tina had n't exactly gotten close during his time at the eod . 
 tina and sydney were tight , though , best friends from what he could tell . 
 `` i 'm following orders , '' tina said . 
 `` we all have to follow orders , do n't we ? '' 
 he was getting tired of the orders . 
 before he 'd joined the eod , he 'd been a free agent working to help those who needed him . 
 a mercenary ? 
 maybe he had n't liked that title . 
 maybe he 'd wanted to see what it would be like to be part of a team . 
 and being a shadow agent did have its moments . 
 but it could also - `` if cassidy was awake , she 'd fight . '' 
 he almost missed tina 's whispered words . 
 but as they sank in , a cold fury spread within him . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 as if he did n't already suspect-mercer . 
 the director was happening . 
 his schemes and plans . 
 `` a transfer team is waiting outside . 
 since her location in d.c. has been compromised - '' serious understatement '' - mercer wants her taken out of the city . 
 when she wakes up , cassidy will be far away . '' 
 he shook his head in denial . 
 `` mercer did n't tell me about any transfer . 
 he did n't - '' `` that 's because you 're not going with her . '' 
 tina did n't look him in the eye as she revealed this information . 
 the hell he was n't . 
 tina stared at his neck . 
 `` he says the threat to this asset is too strong . 
 that she has to be relocated before her position can be compromised again . '' 
 this was n't happening . 
 `` you 're just going to take her while she 's unconscious ? 
 while she ca n't say or do anything to stop you ? '' 
 `` it 's not me . '' 
 her gaze flew back up to hold his . 
 `` you have to understand , mercer is - '' `` screw mercer ! '' 
 she flinched . 
 no , he could n't take his fury out on tina . 
 he brushed by her and went back to the bed . 
 `` get the iv out of her . '' 
 tina did n't move . 
 `` get it out , tina ! '' 
 because that iv was pumping the drugs into her body . 
 not to stabilize her , as he 'd been told , but to keep her unconscious so that mercer could whisk her away again . 
 cassidy 's weak voice whispered through his mind . 
 get me out of here . 
 had she made that plea because she knew what mercer would do ? 
 had he done that to her before ? 
 probably . 
 but he was n't doing it again . 
 cale heard the light shuffle of her footsteps as tina inched closer to him . 
 `` if you go against mercer , you know what will happen . '' 
 he could kiss his career in the eod goodbye . 
 fine . 
 whatever . 
 `` it should be her choice . '' 
 that was exactly what it would be . 
 she would be awake . 
 aware . 
 cassidy would be able to choose-the path mercer wanted for her , or ... me . 
 because he could protect her . 
 if she needed to get away from d.c. , then he could make that happen . 
 he already knew exactly where he wanted to take her . 
 home . 
 whiskey ridge , texas . 
 the only home he 'd ever known . 
 `` i-i - '' tina 's halting steps stopped . 
 `` he said she was in danger . 
 that we had to move her . '' 
 and tina was following orders , trying to protect a civilian . 
 `` get the iv out of her . '' 
 or he would . 
 he just did n't want to hurt cassidy . 
 but one way or another , that iv was coming out . 
 he looked over his shoulder and leveled his stare on tina . 
 waited . 
 `` it should be her choice . 
 you know it , and i know it . '' 
 tina gave a small nod . 
 then she reached for the iv . 
 * * * gunner approached the van slowly , his weapon up , two other eod agents at his back . 
 they 'd kept regular law enforcement personnel in the background as much as possible-not like it had been easy to cover up the explosion in the park . 
 the van 's back doors hung open , its cavernous interior dark . 
 as the men closed in , one agent swept a light inside . 
 the light fell on a dead body . 
 gunner 's eyes narrowed . 
 two shots . 
 one had hit the man in the stomach . 
 one had blasted right into his heart . 
 from the look of the wounds , both had been administered at a very close range . 
 cassidy had told cale that she shot her attacker-that she hit him once . 
 had she been mistaken , or had another scene played out here ? 
 his gaze searched the van . 
 no driver . 
 but someone had been behind the wheel while cassidy had been held captive in the back . 
 his stare returned to the body . 
 cassidy shot him in the stomach . 
 that would make sense . 
 the first bullet , ripping through him , gave cassidy the precious moments that she 'd needed to escape . 
 but that wound had n't killed him . 
 the wound to the heart had ended the man 's life . 
 his partner shot him in the heart . 
 it was the partner that they had to find . 
 he turned away from the van and began to slowly scan the street . 
 he was good at tracking , almost as good as his grandfather had been . 
 he 'd been trained on the reservation as a child , and when it came to hunting , he did the job well . 
 maybe too well . 
 gunner crept to the edge of the road . 
 let his light sweep over the grass . 
 there . 
 bent grass , broken by feet running too quickly . 
 he followed those telltale marks . 
 the bent grass , the snapped twigs . 
 the driver had come this way for a reason . 
 he 'd abandoned the van in that spot for a reason . 
 a few more feet , and he found that reason . 
 tire tracks . 
 a second vehicle had been stashed there . 
 the killer was on the move again , and he could very well be closing in on cassidy . 
 * * * cassidy 's eyes slowly opened , the green color muted , her gaze confused . 
 `` c-cale ? '' 
 he did n't like the slur in her speech . 
 he 'd been right there , right beside her , and she 'd been drugged . 
 he could n't believe mercer had been dumb enough to think that cale would let her walk away . 
 or just be taken away . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 cassidy asked as she tried to sit up . 
 he put his arm around her , helping to steady her . 
 he 'd already dressed her-well , done his best , anyway-in jeans and a t-shirt that he 'd gotten tina to sneak up from the gift shop . 
 `` mercer wants to take you out of d.c. '' there was no time to sugarcoat . 
 he figured they had all of about five minutes to get a plan in motion . 
 mercer moved fast . 
 so did cale . 
 `` out of ... '' cassidy put a hand to her head . 
 `` you have a choice to make . '' 
 he kept his voice steady . 
 kept his hand on her arm because she was weaving a bit on the bed . 
 `` do you want to go with mercer ? 
 he can put you on a plane and take you out of the city . 
 you 'll be safe while the eod hunts the people who took you . '' 
 she frowned at him . 
 `` where 's the choice ? '' 
 her voice was a bit stronger . 
 good . 
 `` you can go where he sends you ... or you can come with me . 
 i can take you out of the city . 
 i can keep you safe with me . '' 
 `` both options have me leaving , '' cassidy whispered . 
 yes , they did . 
 but who she left with - `` going with cale would be a mistake . 
 he did n't keep you safe before , '' mercer 's growling voice cut through the room as he stormed inside . 
 he glared at cale . 
 `` she was taken , stabbed , on your watch . '' 
 cassidy sucked in a sharp breath . 
 cale knew , understood with every fiber of his being , that if mercer took cassidy away from him right then , he would never see her again . 
 mercer would make her vanish . 
 i ca n't let that happen . 
 cassidy 's gaze slid over cale . 
 to mercer . 
 `` did you find genevieve ? '' 
 cale saw mercer shake his head . 
 then he glanced at an avid tina . 
 `` wait outside , doctor . '' 
 tina hurried to obey . 
 she was probably already afraid that she 'd crossed a line with mercer . 
 folks needed to stop jumping when the big , bad wolf growled . 
 cale was n't in the mood to jump . 
 mercer waited for the door to shut behind tina . 
 then he said , `` we found the man you shot . '' 
 cassidy sat up a bit straighter . 
 when she winced , cale 's fingers caressed her arm . 
 he hated for her to hurt . 
 `` h-he can tell you where genevieve 's ... body - '' she stumbled over that part '' - is . 
 you can make him - '' mercer shook his head . 
 `` doubtful . 
 dead men do n't tell a whole lot . '' 
 cale swore . 
 `` i killed him ? '' 
 `` only if you shot him twice , once in the stomach and once in the heart . '' 
 cassidy tried to stand . 
 cale made sure he gave her the support she needed . 
 `` no . 
 i just shot him once . '' 
 `` then it looks like his partner wanted to make sure that he did n't talk . 
 he was left , dead , in the van . 
 techs are dusting for prints , checking for any evidence that was left behind . '' 
 her breath heaved out . 
 `` he knows i 'm your daughter . 
 that was why they took me . 
 it had nothing to do with the executioner , and everything to do with you . '' 
 mercer actually backed up a step at the heat in her words . 
 `` cassidy , you need to calm - '' `` calm down ? 
 really ? 
 you think that 's what i need to do ? '' 
 she shook her head . 
 finally , finally , more color came into her face , even if it was in an angry burst across her high cheekbones . 
 `` i did n't ask for this life . 
 you 're the one who sought it out , not me . 
 i 'm just the one who had to pick up the pieces after you . '' 
 silence . 
 mercer inhaled slowly . 
 `` i have a plane waiting - '' `` you always do . 
 like sweeping me away is going to fix things . 
 this guy knows who i am . 
 he knows the secret that we 've both tried so hard to cover . 
 if we do n't find him , how do we know that others wo n't discover who i am , too ? 
 i 've tried your way , mercer . 
 i 've tried it for years . '' 
 she sounded weary . 
 `` i do n't want to disappear for you anymore . '' 
 mercer 's hard stare cut toward cale . 
 `` and you think you can just walk away with him ? 
 that he 'll be able to protect you ? '' 
 cassidy 's brows rose . 
 `` only recently , you thought he could keep me safe . 
 is n't that the reason you sent him to rio ? '' 
 mercer 's lips thinned . 
 `` that was before ! '' 
 `` before what ? '' 
 cassidy demanded . 
 she still weaved , just a bit , but her voice was much stronger . 
 `` before i knew he was sleeping with you ! '' 
 cale had been quiet up until that point , but mercer had just crossed the line . 
 he positioned his body right next to cassidy 's as he faced off against mercer . 
 `` father or not , you do n't use that tone with her-you do n't ever , understand ? '' 
 mercer stared back at him . 
 was that shock in his eyes ? 
 get ready for more . 
 `` i 'm done , '' cale said bluntly . 
 he had n't anticipated saying those words , but he had no choice . 
 `` done ? '' 
 mercer parroted . 
 `` i 'm out of the eod . 
 consider our test run over . '' 
 definitely more shock now . 
 `` you 're just going to walk out on cassidy when she needs - '' `` i 'm taking her with me . 
 provided that she wants to come . '' 
 cale threaded his fingers through cassidy 's . 
 cassidy 's lips parted in surprise . 
 `` i told you , '' he said , focusing just on her . 
 `` you have a choice . 
 you can go with mercer , you can get on his plane , or you can come with me . '' 
 `` you do n't have any place to take her , '' mercer snarled . 
 `` you do n't - '' `` whiskey ridge is n't more than a spot on the map , but you wo n't feel hunted there , cass . 
 my sister and brother-in-law have a ranch . 
 there 's plenty of room for us . 
 we can stay there until it 's safe for you . '' 
 or for as long as you want . 
 if you like whiskey ridge , then i 'll buy land for you . 
 for us . 
 but he did n't tell her those plans . 
 not yet . 
 it was too soon . 
 she had enough to deal with at the moment . 
 `` i do n't want to put your family in danger , '' she whispered . 
 `` my brother-in-law was eod , too . 
 trust me , he 's used to danger . '' 
 and his brother-in-law , jasper , knew how to protect what he valued most . 
 hope flickered in cassidy 's eyes . 
 `` i do n't want to be sent away again . 
 i do n't want to become someone new . '' 
 `` you stay yourself , and you come with me . '' 
 now mercer was the one who was n't speaking . 
 `` trust me , cassidy . '' 
 was n't that what it came down to for them ? 
 her trusting him ? 
 her believing that he was more than just another agent following mercer 's orders ? 
 `` i-i do . '' 
 those were the sweetest words he 'd ever heard . 
 `` i 'll come with you , cale . '' 
 she gave him a small smile , one that made his heart race even faster . 
 he could n't wait to get her back home . 
 `` you 're not making the right choice , cassidy . '' 
 mercer 's angry voice . 
 only when cale looked at the eod director , mercer 's eyes did n't match his voice . 
 no , the expression in his eyes actually looked ... pleased . 
 like he just played us ? 
 `` but if that 's your decision , so be it . '' 
 mercer hesitated . 
 `` i just want you safe . '' 
 and he 'd been willing to do anything to get her out of d.c. even use a bit of manipulation ? 
 would tina really have gone against him ? 
 or would she have followed his orders-and helped manipulate me , too ? 
 mercer ... always the puppet master . 
 `` keep her safe , agent lane , '' mercer ordered . 
 `` i told you , i 'm done with the eod . '' 
 `` we 'll deal with what you are and what you are n't later . '' 
 mercer turned for the door . 
 but he did n't open it . 
 his shoulders were ramrod straight , his spine tall . 
 but his voice was a rasp as he said , `` i do n't want you to wind up like marguerite . '' 
 cassidy 's fingers tightened around cale 's . 
 `` i loved her more than life . 
 i should have made different choices . 
 maybe it 's always about our choices . '' 
 he glanced back . 
 `` i wo n't make the same mistake . '' 
 then he was gone . 
 and cale realized that he had just been well and truly played . 
 by a master . 
 and a quiet , nervous doctor . 
 * * * they 'd gone back to the safe house on donaghey . 
 back for a few precious hours before their plane left for texas . 
 cale was inside the place with her , just down the hallway , but cassidy wanted him closer . 
 she stared at her image in the bathroom mirror . 
 she looked like hell . 
 not exactly femme fatale material , but there was n't much to be done for that then . 
 her fingers curled around the doorknob , and a few moments later , the heavy carpet was swallowing her footsteps as she slipped down the hall . 
 she needed cale . 
 they were alone , no other guards inside that safe house , and she wanted to be with him . 
 `` cassidy . 
 stop . '' 
 cale 's voice came from the darkness of the den . 
 how had he even heard her ? 
 she 'd tried to be so quiet . 
 `` you 're hurt . '' 
 his words were gruff . 
 `` go back to bed . 
 just rest . '' 
 `` i do n't want to rest . '' 
 she 'd done plenty of that in the hospital , thanks to those ridiculous sedatives . 
 resting was the last thing on her mind . 
 cale was what she wanted . 
 `` cassidy ... '' her name was a rough sigh . 
 in that sigh , she could hear need and longing , the same emotions that were rushing through her . 
 when she was alone , cassidy thought of all that she 'd lost-her mother , helen , genevieve . 
 she did n't want to keep thinking of death and fear . 
 she wanted to think of cale . 
 of pleasure . 
 she wanted to be reminded that life waited for her . 
 not just the grim promise of death . 
 there could be more for her , more for them . 
 cale wanted her to return home with him . 
 that meant something , did n't it ? 
 she was more than a mission to him . 
 he 'd offered to give up the eod . 
 that meant-it had to mean-that he felt the way she did . 
 she took a few more steps toward him . 
 `` i can smell you . '' 
 she froze . 
 `` you should smell like the hospital . 
 antiseptic . 
 sanitizer ... something different ... but you 're still just like roses . 
 you smell so good . 
 too good . '' 
 the lamp flickered on beside him , but instead of illuminating cale , it just sent dark shadows chasing across the room . 
 his body was a hard outline against the chair . 
 powerful . 
 she had the fleeting impression of a predator just waiting for his prey to foolishly walk by . 
 and here i am . 
 only she did n't feel like prey . 
 cassidy took another step toward him . 
 she saw his muscles tighten . 
 saw his hands clench around the arms of the chair . 
 `` cassidy . 
 where are your clothes ? '' 
 ah , yes , ahem . 
 `` i left them in the bathroom . '' 
 because not having on clothes would help with the whole seduction routine that she was trying to have going on at that moment . 
 he lunged from the chair and stood right in front of her in an instant . 
 stood right there , but he did n't touch her . 
 she needed him to touch her . 
 with the chaos of her life , she needed him . 
 `` you 're hurt . '' 
 the man was sounding like a broken record . 
 `` so ? 
 we can be careful . '' 
 thanks to her dive into the pavement , she 'd lost skin on her palms and knees . 
 her palms had been bandaged , but the tips of her fingers were unharmed . 
 she let her fingertips skim over the powerful muscles of his chest . 
 `` i know you can be careful . '' 
 his eyes burned down at her . 
 she rose onto her toes and pressed her lips to his . 
 her confidence was a brittle thing right then , and when a naked woman offered herself to her lover , well , she expected him to take her up on that offer . 
 not stand there , still as stone . 
 he wants me , does n't he ? 
 her tongue slid lightly over his lower lip . 
 her hips pushed closer against his . 
 oh , yes , she could feel his arousal . 
 but he was n't touching her , was n't kissing her back . 
 `` cale ? '' 
 she pulled back just a few inches in order to stare up at him . 
 `` i 'm trying to do the right thing , '' he said , voice gravel-rough in the dark . 
 her hero . 
 she smiled . 
 `` ca n't we forget about right , just for a little while ? 
 i want to forget everything-right and wrong-and just be with you . '' 
 cassidy kissed him again . 
 his lips had parted , and she dipped her tongue inside that sexy crease . 
 he growled . 
 the sound rough with desire . 
 she liked that . 
 `` do n't you want to be with me ? '' 
 cassidy asked softly . 
 then the room was spinning . 
 no , cale had just lifted her up , and he was carrying her-holding her so gently-back to the bedroom . 
 he moved quickly , and her heart raced even faster . 
 he put her on the bed . 
 the mattress dipped beneath their weight . 
 she immediately tried to reach for him . 
 `` no . '' 
 the harsh command stopped her . 
 she glared at him in the darkness . 
 touching him was one of the things she liked the best . 
 `` sweetheart , if you touch me , i 'll go wild . '' 
 she was okay with wild . 
 more than okay . 
 `` i have to stay in control . 
 i ca n't hurt you . '' 
 still playing hero . 
 but she thought that was sexy , too . 
 he spread her arms out on the covers . 
 `` do n't move them . 
 not so much as an inch . '' 
 she was n't about to make a promise that she could n't keep . 
 her fingers were already itching to caress him . 
 but he was caressing her . 
 he 'd bent his head , and his mouth-warm , wet-opened over her breast . 
 he licked her . 
 sucked the flesh , and cassidy almost came up off the bed . 
 his hand was on her stomach , sliding lower and lower until he found the heat between her thighs . 
 he kept licking and kissing her breast even as his fingers stroked the center of her need . 
 cassidy tried not to move-she truly did , at first-but her fingers slid away from the covers . 
 she reached for him . 
 `` remember the rules , cassidy . '' 
 his head had lifted . 
 his fingers pressed her wrists back against the covers . 
 `` you do n't get to move . '' 
 `` you were hurt , too . '' 
 she 'd seen the bruises on him . 
 the cuts . 
 `` and you 're the one that matters more . '' 
 wait , what ? 
 that did n't even make any - his mouth was on her other breast . 
 when he licked her nipple , she could feel the rush of sensual fire go straight to her core . 
 her hips jerked from the bed , pushing against his . 
 he still had on his jeans , and the rough friction of that fabric was driving her wild . 
 the man always kept his clothes on too long . 
 those clothes needed to be on the floor . 
 cassidy wanted to feel all of him , flesh to flesh . 
 he was giving her so much pleasure , stroking her with those maddening touches . 
 using his mouth , those slightly rough fingertips in caresses that were so gentle . 
 too light . 
 she did n't need gentle . 
 she just needed him . 
 `` cale ! '' 
 the whip of demand had entered her voice . 
 he eased away from her , ditched his clothes . 
 when he came back to her , the heat from his flesh seemed to scorch her , and it was exactly what she wanted . 
 craved . 
 their mouths met . 
 she kissed with the frantic need that had built inside her . 
 let him taste her hunger and desire . 
 his mouth was harder . 
 more demanding on hers , even as his hands carefully pushed her thighs apart . 
 so much care ... then he was between her legs . 
 the heavy ridge of his arousal pressed against her . 
 she arched toward him . 
 he thrust into her . 
 her nails dug into the covers . 
 pleasure hit her , cresting over her almost instantly as he withdrew and thrust deeper . 
 again and again , and she was lost . 
 she gasped out his name and let the release sweep over her . 
 the thunder of her heartbeat filled her ears , wild and drumming . 
 and cale was there surrounding her , holding her . 
 kissing and stroking and making the desire build again . 
 always , again . 
 the second time the release hit her , he roared his pleasure , too . 
 cale stiffened over her , then drove inside her , even deeper than before . 
 this time , the pleasure was n't sharp . 
 it was long and consuming . 
 ripping away the brittle facade that had surrounded her and leaving her feeling exposed , empty - and very , very much ... his . 
 * * * `` it 's time to go , cassidy . '' 
 she smiled at his voice , loving that deep rumble of sound , but cassidy did n't open her eyes . 
 she was in the middle of a really good dream . 
 she and cale were in a meadow . 
 the sun was shining down on them . 
 they were walking . 
 he had her hand cradled in his . 
 there was no fear . 
 no danger . 
 just life . 
 `` sweetheart , we have to go . 
 the car 's waiting for us . '' 
 his voice was louder now , breaking through the dream . 
 the peace she 'd known an instant before began to slip away . 
 her eyes opened . 
 cale stood beside the bed , fully dressed . 
 his expression was carefully guarded , almost blank . 
 where was the heat that had blazed before in his eyes ? 
 so much passion . 
 a desperate need . 
 that sensual pleasure had n't been a dream . 
 sweet reality . 
 `` i should have woken you sooner . '' 
 now his voice seemed almost hesitant . 
 `` but you just looked so ... peaceful . '' 
 she had n't exactly enjoyed a lot of peace in her life . 
 `` but we have to hurry . 
 the car 's outside . '' 
 right . 
 they were leaving . 
 he was taking her home . 
 i want to have a home . 
 a real one . 
 could cale give that to her ? 
 did he even know what she wanted from him ? 
 why ? 
 swallowing , cassidy turned away from him . 
 five minutes later , with her hair combed , her teeth brushed and clad in the clothes he 'd prepared for her , she was ready to go . 
 he stayed close while they hurried from the building . 
 dawn had just come , and streaks of sunlight slid across the d.c. skyline . 
 gunner was by the vehicle . 
 so was logan . 
 she glanced to the left and caught sight of - a flash of red hair . 
 cassidy froze . 
 `` cassidy ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 cale 's hold tightened on her . 
 cassidy glanced back at the alley . 
 `` genevieve . '' 
 a frown pulled his brows low . 
 `` the agents are still searching for her . 
 they 'll find - '' `` i just saw her . '' 
 the words were pulled from a throat that suddenly seemed dry . 
 what was happening to her ? 
 was she seeing ghosts ? 
 seeing what i want to see ? 
 `` where ? '' 
 cale demanded . 
 she pointed to the alley . 
 cale did n't head toward the alley . 
 instead he guided her to the vehicle . 
 `` make sure she stays inside , '' he told gunner . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 gunner demanded . 
 `` i-i saw ... '' wait , had she seen her ? 
 cassidy was n't sure , not anymore . 
 she rubbed temples that ached . 
 `` i thought that i saw genevieve in the alley . '' 
 gunner shook his head . 
 `` i cleared that alley . 
 no one is there . '' 
 he sounded so certain , but she 'd been certain a moment ago , too . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 cale pulled his weapon and headed into the alley . 
 gunner closed the car door , sealing her inside the vehicle . 
 cassidy waited , barely breathing , as the seconds slowly ticked past . 
 then cale was back , striding toward the car . 
 his face grim . 
 he climbed into the vehicle . 
 `` no one was there . '' 
 maybe ... maybe she 'd just wanted genevieve to be there . 
 wanted so badly that she 'd made herself see a ghost ? 
 the car slowly pulled away from the curb . 
 helpless to stop herself , cassidy glanced back . 
 no one was there . 
 the car slid easily through the empty streets . 
 cassidy swallowed , trying to ease the sudden dryness of her throat . 
 `` did you ... did anyone find genevieve 's body ? '' 
 she hated to think of her friend that way . 
 broken . 
 lost . 
 cale shook his head . 
 `` maybe he lied to me . '' 
 killers lied , right ? 
 that was what they did . 
 lied , killed . 
 cale 's fingers caressed her arm . 
 `` maybe he did . 
 agents will keep searching for her . 
 they wo n't give up . '' 
 maybe they would n't , but ... `` but i 'm giving up . 
 if i 'm just running away with you , i 'm giving up on her . '' 
 she could n't do that . 
 it was n't right . 
 `` no , you 're staying alive . '' 
 his voice had hardened . 
 they were in the back of the vehicle . 
 gunner and logan were up front . 
 the other agents would be able to easily hear every word that they said . 
 `` that 's what you have to do . '' 
 `` what if she 's in this city ? '' 
 cale shook his head . 
 `` what are you going to do ? 
 search every street ? 
 every house ? 
 every building ? '' 
 if she had to , maybe . 
 `` i ca n't ... i ca n't do it , cale . '' 
 she wanted to , so much , but running-enough . 
 `` what ca n't you do ? '' 
 he 'd leaned toward her . 
 she dropped her voice to a whisper . 
 `` i want to go with you . 
 i want to get on that plane and go home with you . 
 i want to pretend that we 're starting some kind of life together , far away from mercer and everyone else . '' 
 she licked her lips . 
 `` but i ca n't . '' 
 then , voice louder , she focused on the men in the front . 
 `` take us to the eod headquarters . '' 
 logan did n't even slow down . 
 and he did n't turn around . 
 `` logan . '' 
 she snapped out his name . 
 `` take us back . '' 
 they eased under a row of bright streetlights-still on because the light of the day was n't heavy or clear yet-and , in the rearview mirror , she saw logan 's gaze shift toward cale . 
 `` it 's not his choice , '' cassidy said , lifting her chin . 
 `` it 's mine . 
 and i 'm not running . '' 
 `` are you dying ? '' 
 gunner wanted to know as he glanced back at her . 
 `` because that 's what almost happened to you . '' 
 yes , she had almost died , and cale-no , all of those men-had risked their lives for her . 
 for her secret . 
 she opened her mouth and said , `` i 'm mercer 's daughter . '' 
 wait , had she meant to say that ? 
 yes . 
 the silence in the car was heavy . 
 she could feel cale 's gaze boring into her . 
 `` thank you for all that you 've done to protect me , '' she said , her voice sounding too calm even to her own ears . 
 `` but the threats to me wo n't ever end . 
 they ca n't . 
 and as much as i want to just run away , to be with cale ... '' her chest was aching . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i ca n't leave genevieve . '' 
 if there was a chance that her friend was alive , then she had to keep searching for her . 
 and if genevieve was dead ... i need to find her body . 
 i ca n't leave her out there , all alone . 
 gunner was still staring at her . 
 `` i know who you are . '' 
 `` me , too , '' came from logan as the car accelerated . 
 cassidy blinked . 
 well . 
 so much for her big reveal . 
 `` syd can uncover anything with her computers . '' 
 gunner shrugged . 
 `` she did n't want me walking in blind in that park , so she made sure i knew . '' 
 cassidy had laid out the puzzle pieces for her . 
 because i wanted her to tell him . 
 `` and you told logan , '' cale muttered to gunner . 
 a slow nod from the sniper . 
 `` we figured you already knew , seeing how ... close ... you 'd gotten with cassidy here . '' 
 she was grateful for the dark because it hid the heat that stained her cheeks . 
 she and cale had definitely gotten close . 
 `` i do n't see how you being mercer 's daughter changes anything . 
 you and cale have a plane waiting on you . '' 
 they were n't listening to her . 
 `` genevieve could be alive . '' 
 cale 's hold tightened on her . 
 `` you did n't see her in that alley . '' 
 `` i 'm not so sure about that , '' logan said contemplatively . 
 `` what ? '' 
 cale 's head jerked toward him . 
 `` a few minutes after we left the safe house , a car started tailing us . 
 someone was outside of that place , watching us . '' 
 his fingers drummed lightly on the steering wheel . 
 `` they 're staying back , keeping their headlights off , but i still made them . '' 
 she immediately spun around , but cassidy could n't see anyone following . 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 a rough laugh . 
 `` trust me . 
 i know when i 'm being followed . '' 
 he would . 
 `` and i know when - hell ! '' 
 logan slammed on the brakes , but it did no good because another car barreled right toward them . 
 a big dark suv that slammed straight into their vehicle . 
 they collided with a crush of metal and the sickening crunch of glass . 
 cassidy did n't even have the breath to scream as she was thrown forward . 
 chapter eleven the seat belt cut into cale 's shoulder . 
 swearing , he yanked it away and reached for cassidy . 
 `` sweetheart ? '' 
 she was pulling on her own seat belt-the belt had jerked her back against her seat . 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 `` logan ? 
 gunner ? '' 
 he snapped out their names . 
 `` my legs are pinned , '' gunner growled . 
 `` and logan - '' `` has a gun to his head . '' 
 a cold , deadly voice floated through the car . 
 a man 's voice . 
 a voice cale had never heard before . 
 he pushed forward to see if the man was bluffing . 
 when he moved , he caught sight of a gun pressed right to logan 's temple . 
 the window on logan 's side had shattered during the crash-or else the guy with the gun had shattered it-and now the man had easy access to the interior of the vehicle . 
 `` unlock the back doors , '' that cold voice ordered logan . 
 `` or i 'll put a hole in your head right now and unlock them myself . '' 
 cale pulled his own weapon . 
 when those doors were unlocked , he knew exactly what would happen . 
 he also knew that logan would n't unlock them . 
 logan was the team leader . 
 he would never sacrifice his team . 
 even if he had to risk his own life in order to protect them . 
 `` why do n't you get the hell away from me ? '' 
 logan invited roughly . 
 cale dived for cassidy , covering her with his body because he could already see logan moving . 
 logan 's hand whipped up , and the crunch of bones-no doubt the gunman 's wrist shattering-filled the car even as a bullet erupted from the weapon . 
 the bullet flew over the driver 's seat , narrowly missing cale . 
 the sounds of a struggle came from the front of the vehicle . 
 cale could n't help from his current position , so he jumped away from cassidy , heaved open the back door and - genevieve was standing before him . 
 only she was n't alone . 
 another gunman . 
 another weapon . 
 only this gun was pressed under her chin . 
 `` come on , hero , '' the man-his face covered by a ski mask-said . 
 these thugs sure liked their masks . 
 `` take another step , and she 's dead . '' 
 cale did n't move . 
 not yet . 
 but he planned . 
 then cassidy jumped from the car behind him . 
 `` cassidy ! '' 
 genevieve cried frantically . 
 the woman tried to leap toward her , but the masked man tightened his hold , and genevieve froze . 
 the thud of flesh hitting flesh echoed behind them , and in the next moment , logan was rushing to cale 's side . 
 cale had known the team leader could handle himself in that fight . 
 my money is always on logan . 
 now they just had to dispatch this bozo . 
 `` i will kill her right now , '' the man swore . 
 `` i will shoot her while you watch ! '' 
 `` then what ? '' 
 cale demanded . 
 `` we kill you ? 
 that 's your big exit plan ? 
 death ? '' 
 but another vehicle was rushing up behind the armed man , and the guy was n't even looking over his shoulder . 
 since he did n't seem surprised or upset by the speeding car 's arrival , cale knew it could only mean one thing ... his backup . 
 `` no , i have another exit plan . '' 
 the faintest of french accents tinged the man 's voice . 
 the executioner had been french . 
 so was genevieve . 
 cale lifted his weapon and aimed at the gunman . 
 `` you are n't leaving with her . '' 
 `` a sniper has you in his sights right now , mr. lane . '' 
 was he supposed to be impressed because the guy knew his name ? 
 `` if you do n't lower your weapon , you 'll be dead within the next five seconds . '' 
 bull . 
 he knew better than to believe a line like that . 
 `` surely you do not think you 're the only one who has a sniper on his team ? '' 
 the gunman shook his head . 
 `` tell them , genevieve . '' 
 `` i-i ... it 's true ! '' 
 her voice was high and desperate . 
 `` they 've been watching you , all of you ! '' 
 `` we picked this spot . 
 we sprang our trap . '' 
 the gun dug into genevieve 's chin . 
 `` now we want our prize . '' 
 too bad for them . 
 cale took a step forward . 
 cassidy was behind him . 
 he was afraid the woman might try to lunge in front of him and save her friend . 
 he could n't have that . 
 he could n't risk cassidy , not when the end was finally in sight . 
 his gaze slid toward logan as he tried to get a read on the other agent 's thoughts . 
 a sniper ? 
 if there was a sniper out there , then the best spot for him would be the building on the right . 
 a sniper would have a good position up on the third floor . 
 but the sniper would n't be able to take out both him and logan . 
 if the sniper was even real . 
 i 've heard better bluffs before . 
 cale straightened his shoulders . 
 `` it 's okay , genevieve . 
 you 're going to be fine . '' 
 the sun was starting to rise higher . 
 he could see the desperate hope so clearly on genevieve 's face . 
 hope , but no bruises , no other injuries at all from what he could make out . 
 just that wild hope . 
 `` you 'll drop your gun ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 cassidy had crept closer to cale . 
 trust me . 
 he sure hoped that she did . 
 `` this is how it works , '' the gunman shouted . 
 `` you send me the pretty blonde . 
 she gets in that car . '' 
 the vehicle had screeched to a stop . 
 cale shook his head . 
 `` that 's not happening . '' 
 he was adamant . 
 if cassidy got in that car , she was dead . 
 not going to happen . 
 cassidy 's fingers pressed against cale 's back . 
 `` you do n't make the rules ! '' 
 the man shrieked , his accent becoming more pronounced . 
 `` you do n't tell me - '' `` it 's been more than five seconds , '' cale snapped , `` and your sniper has n't fired . '' 
 he was n't there . 
 a damn bluff . 
 yet even as he said those words , a man was leaping from the front seat of the backup vehicle . 
 he had a gun clutched in his hands . 
 logan fired his weapon instantly , and that man crumpled . 
 the gunman , the one still trying to hold tight to a now frantically squirming genevieve , lifted his weapon away from her chin . 
 that was just what cale had been waiting for . 
 `` drop ! '' 
 he yelled . 
 genevieve fell . 
 the gunman brought up his weapon . 
 `` no , she 's the - '' cale fired on him . 
 the shot ripped into the man 's chest . 
 he stumbled back , gasping , then hit the ground . 
 genevieve hunched her shoulders , shuddering . 
 but then the injured man reached for her . 
 he was struggling to rise , trying to get her within his grasp once more . 
 `` shoot him ! '' 
 genevieve begged . 
 `` stop him ! 
 help me ! '' 
 his hands were around her . 
 cale ran forward . 
 he kicked the man back . 
 if he could take the man in alive , then they 'd find out exactly who was involved in the plot to abduct cassidy . 
 `` kill him ! '' 
 genevieve cried . 
 `` after what he did to me , make him pay ! '' 
 she tried to lunge for the discarded gun , but logan was there , stopping her . 
 he pulled her back and held her in his arms as she cried . 
 `` genevieve ? '' 
 cassidy 's hesitant voice . 
 `` genevieve , i am so sorry . '' 
 genevieve looked up at her . 
 tears slid down her face . 
 cale pulled out his phone and called for backup even as he kept his gun aimed on the fallen man . 
 cassidy hurried toward genevieve . 
 `` i never meant for you to be hurt . '' 
 genevieve stared at her with glistening eyes . 
 logan 's hands slowly fell away from her . 
 logan eased back from the women . 
 cale saw him turn to make sure that the man in the car was n't a threat . 
 it was hard for dead men to be threats . 
 `` you did n't mean ... '' genevieve 's breath shuddered out . 
 `` i know what you meant . 
 i know . '' 
 then she was hugging tightly to cassidy , and cassidy-she was looking straight at cale . 
 thank you . 
 cassidy mouthed the words as she held her friend close . 
 cale nodded . 
 he did n't need her thanks . 
 for cassidy , he 'd do anything . 
 `` do n't worry , gunner , '' logan called as he headed for their car and the trapped eod agent . 
 `` we 're going to get you cut out of there . '' 
 yes , they would and - a bullet slammed into cale 's back . 
 he stumbled as white-hot pain erupted near his spine . 
 logan swore . 
 `` shooter ! 
 looked like the shot came from the third - '' a bullet blasted toward logan . 
 he ducked for cover . 
 cale 's gun slipped from his fingers when he hit the pavement . 
 `` cale ! '' 
 cassidy screamed . 
 then she was there , running her hands over him . 
 only he could n't feel her touch . 
 he could n't feel anything but that white-hot pain . 
 `` told you ... '' genevieve 's voice drifted to him . 
 but it was n't a voice wild with fear or desperation . 
 it was calm . 
 cold . 
 cruel ? 
 `` i told him that a sniper was waiting . 
 he just needed the right signal to fire , '' genevieve said in that same cold voice . 
 cale wanted to see genevieve 's face . 
 but he could n't see anything then . 
 not even cassidy . 
 `` i gave him the signal , '' genevieve finished , `` right when i hugged you . '' 
 `` you , '' cassidy breathed , sounding lost . 
 `` you took something from me , cassidy , someone that i loved . 
 i thought it was only fitting that you watched while i took away the man that you loved . '' 
 cassidy did n't love him . 
 did she ? 
 i love her . 
 but he had n't told her that . 
 he should have told her . 
 just like he should have told his parents when they 'd dropped him off that day . 
 they 'd dropped him off for practice , driven away . 
 he 'd figured he 'd see them later . 
 he 'd buried them later . 
 `` cale , it 's okay . '' 
 cassidy 's fingers swept over his cheek . 
 gunfire rang out again . 
 the sniper ? 
 keeping logan in check ? 
 he had to help cassidy . 
 if he did n't - `` nothing 's okay , '' genevieve shouted . 
 `` it has n't been okay since you took away ian . 
 you thought you were so damn clever . 
 you should have been the one to suffer that day , not him ! '' 
 he should have seen it sooner . 
 genevieve had n't been the victim in rio . 
 she 'd been the accomplice-maybe the accomplice in all of the abductions . 
 the inside man-woman-who 'd gotten close to the prey . 
 who 'd learned their weaknesses , their secrets . 
 just like she 'd learned cassidy 's . 
 `` he 's going to bleed out there . 
 he 'll be dead before any help can arrive , '' genevieve taunted . 
 `` no ! '' 
 cassidy yelled . 
 `` he 's not ! '' 
 more gunfire . 
 rat-a-tat . 
 only it seemed like-how many people were firing ? 
 two ? 
 three ? 
 so much gunfire . 
 `` step away from him , cassidy ! 
 come with me now , or i 'll put a bullet in his head . '' 
 the gun that had been tossed aside ... she must have it . 
 `` i was going to kill you at the eod . 
 i was so enraged that day , hurting because you took ian ! '' 
 genevieve had been the shooter ? 
 was n't she just a woman with some deadly talents . 
 `` but then i realized your death would be too easy . 
 you have to hurt , like i hurt ... '' cale realized exactly what punishment genevieve had in mind for cassidy . 
 one lover 's life for another . 
 cassidy 's breath heaved out . 
 she must have realized genevieve 's plan , too , because suddenly she pressed her body flush to his . 
 `` do n't leave me , '' cassidy whispered to cale . 
 then she curled her body around his , protected him . 
 no . 
 the cry was his , but he could n't speak . 
 `` get away from him ! '' 
 genevieve 's voice was higher . 
 wilder . 
 but she was n't shooting . 
 because she wants cassidy alive . 
 genevieve knew that she could use cassidy to get to mercer . 
 she knows all about the eod . 
 she 's been playing us all . 
 a deadly game that was coming to an end . 
 `` i wo n't leave him ! '' 
 cassidy was holding him tightly . 
 trying to put pressure on his wound , trying to shield him . 
 `` i 'll shoot through you ! '' 
 genevieve 's footsteps scuttled toward them . 
 a dead daughter could n't be used against mercer . 
 but a live hostage could . 
 his own weapon was just inches away . 
 he tried to move his hand , but every damn part of him hurt now . 
 the pain was consuming him , sweeping over him in an engulfing wave even as darkness flickered around him . 
 too much blood loss . 
 an injury too deep . 
 a groan broke from him . 
 `` get away from him ! '' 
 genevieve was screaming even louder now , her voice almost breaking . 
 `` he dies , just like ian died . 
 he killed ian , so i 'll kill him ! 
 death for death ! 
 death for - '' `` shoot me . '' 
 cassidy 's voice was coldly quiet . 
 the gunfire had stopped . 
 had logan and possibly gunner managed to take out the sniper up on that third floor ? 
 `` shoot me , '' cassidy said again . 
 `` because that 's what you 'll have to do . 
 i wo n't let you hurt him again ! '' 
 `` you think i wo n't ? '' 
 genevieve did n't even seem to be aware of the cessation in gunfire . 
 she was too focused on cassidy . 
 was that cassidy 's plan ? 
 to distract her ? 
 if so ... keep it going , sweetheart . 
 his fingers moved , just a little . 
 he felt the hard edge of his gun . 
 `` we ... we were friends , '' cassidy said . 
 her hair brushed over cale . 
 she was covering him with her whole body , willing to sacrifice herself for him . 
 he had n't thought it would be possible to love her more . 
 he 'd been wrong . 
 `` we 've been friends for a long time , genevieve . 
 you do n't want - '' `` we were never friends ! 
 you lied to me , always lied . '' 
 brittle laughter . 
 `` just as i lied to you . 
 remember your precious helen ? 
 she begged for you at the end . '' 
 cassidy 's body trembled against him . 
 he could feel her now , a bittersweet press of her flesh against his . 
 `` she was such easy prey . 
 so trusting and foolish . 
 they were all easy . 
 i got close to them . 
 i was the one to tell ian when to take them . 
 i was there-always me . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 cassidy demanded . 
 she was n't letting him go . 
 he would n't let her die for him . 
 `` because i had nothing . 
 i left that boarding school because my family had nothing . 
 i was in the street . 
 you were at your parties . 
 dancing . 
 drinking . 
 i was n't going to be thrown away ! 
 i was going to have everything ! '' 
 even if she 'd had to kill in order to get that life ? 
 `` ian ... i met him when i was desperate and alone . 
 he changed me . 
 helped me . '' 
 no , he 'd used her , used her connections . 
 `` he taught me how to hunt . 
 introduced me to his men . '' 
 the men she 'd still been using as her team . 
 a network that was far bigger than they 'd realized . 
 they 'd thought that most of the executioner 's men had been killed at that raid in rio . 
 wrong . 
 `` those men are hiding in the buildings near us right now , '' genevieve continued . 
 she was almost on them . 
 he could hear the ragged pull of her breath . 
 his fingers stretched . 
 `` i will kill you both . 
 all it takes is one wave of my hand . 
 one wave . 
 and the bullets will come down on you . '' 
 more laughter , the cold , uncaring laughter that told cale she 'd let bullets rain down on others before and she had n't cared . 
 `` you thought you 'd fooled me , did n't you , cassidy ? '' 
 genevieve asked . 
 `` but it was i all along ... i was the better actress . 
 i was the one who played you . '' 
 the silence chilled him . 
 logan and gunner would have attacked by now , if they could have . 
 it was up to him . 
 trust me , cassidy . 
 he 'd told her that before . 
 he hoped she remembered now . 
 `` leave ... '' getting that one word out was so hard . 
 he knew then how serious his injury was . 
 he would n't have much time . 
 he had to make sure cassidy was safe . 
 `` run ... '' when he made his move , she had to run to the car . 
 had to get inside before any of genevieve 's men fired . 
 `` no . '' 
 cassidy 's voice was as pain-filled as his own . 
 `` if i move , she 'll kill you . '' 
 but cassidy had to step back if she hoped to keep living . 
 `` last chance , cassidy ! '' 
 genevieve 's voice rang out . 
 `` get away from your lover ! 
 or you die with him ! '' 
 because she wanted her vengeance . 
 he 'd killed ian , now she thought to kill him . 
 think again . 
 `` get ... away ... '' cale growled . 
 `` not happening , '' cassidy growled right back at him . 
 i love her . 
 `` you 'd be willing to die for him ? '' 
 genevieve screeched . 
 `` a man you just met days ago ? 
 he does n't even care about you ! '' 
 `` i care , '' was cassidy 's soft response . 
 then he heard a thud . 
 fast , brutal . 
 it was a sound he 'd heard before . 
 a sound he 'd made before . 
 the butt of a weapon striking someone . 
 cassidy grunted , and he felt her body twist as she turned to fight back against genevieve . 
 genevieve was n't killing her-she could n't kill the hostage she wanted-but she was trying to knock cassidy out . 
 if cassidy was n't conscious ... then you can kill me ? 
 he grabbed for his gun and managed to heave his body to the right . 
 cassidy swung out , landing a solid blow to genevieve 's jaw . 
 that wonderful left hook of hers . 
 the redhead screamed , and her hand flew up into the air . 
 all i have to do is wave . 
 did she even realize she 'd just given that signal ? 
 `` down ! '' 
 logan 's roar . 
 a shot rang out . 
 it sank into cale 's side . 
 he fired his weapon . 
 another weapon fired . 
 the shot seemed to echo , and cale heard a distant cry . 
 `` cale ? '' 
 cassidy was crouched before him , leaning toward him , her beautiful face surrounded by the darkness that was stretching more with every moment that passed . 
 he tried to smile at her . 
 tears slid down her cheeks . 
 she knew , he realized . 
 cassidy already knew just how serious his injuries were . 
 but there was one thing she did n't know . 
 `` i. . . 
 love you ... '' he wished his voice did n't sound so broken , and he wished that he 'd told her sooner . 
 the darkness spread more . 
 cassidy was the last thing that he saw . 
 the last , perfect thing . 
 * * * `` cale ! '' 
 his eyes had closed . 
 no , no , he could not do this to her . 
 `` help me ! '' 
 cassidy shouted . 
 then logan was there , rushing forward with his gun drawn . 
 `` keep pressure on him ! '' 
 on the wound at his side or that terrible wound in his back ? 
 his blood was on her hands , soaking her fingers , and fear was like bile in her throat . 
 `` help 's on the way , '' logan said . 
 he did n't sound afraid . 
 that meant everything was all right , did n't it ? 
 she risked a fast glance at him , but then she saw the fear that flashed in his eyes . 
 not all right . 
 `` cale , please stay with me , '' she begged him . 
 but cale did n't respond because he could n't . 
 `` i have to make sure that genevieve is - '' logan broke off , but she understood . 
 dead . 
 cale 's bullet had sunk into genevieve 's chest , even as genevieve had been lifting her own weapon . 
 only genevieve had n't been aiming at cale in that last instant . 
 something had seemed to break in her , and she 'd been aiming - at me . 
 cale had stopped her . 
 he 'd saved cassidy . 
 now he was dying in front of her . 
 she knew the sniper could fire on them again . 
 she tried to drag cale 's body a few precious inches toward cover . 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 logan was back , putting his hands on top of hers . 
 `` while hell was breaking loose , gunner managed to get out of the car . 
 he took out the sniper . '' 
 that final shot-it had been gunner ? 
 `` he 's checked the area , '' logan said . 
 `` we 're clear . '' 
 `` please , do n't let him die , '' cassidy whispered . 
 `` he wo n't . '' 
 again , his voice was so certain , but she was afraid to look into his eyes . 
 cale 's eyes were closed . 
 they 'd been open and on hers-burning with so much pain-when he 'd told her that he loved her . 
 then his eyes had closed . 
 her heart had stopped . 
 footsteps thudded toward them . 
 a few moments later , gunner crouched beside them . 
 `` did the bullets go through him ? '' 
 gunner asked . 
 cassidy shivered . 
 `` the one at his side ... it did . 
 but his back ... '' the bullet was lodged in him . 
 she 'd seen no sign of an exit wound . 
 they all stayed crouched over cale , applying pressure , doing everything they could to save him until an ambulance rushed toward them , lights flashing , siren shrieking . 
 she 'd been taken away in an ambulance before . 
 cale had stayed with her , every moment . 
 i love you . 
 it had n't been about duty for him . 
 not about a mission . 
 it had been more . 
 she 'd been more to him . 
 did he realize that he was everything to her ? 
 `` cassidy ! '' 
 that was mercer 's voice , calling out to her . 
 there was emotion , fear , in the cry of her name . 
 she did n't look toward him . 
 she could n't look away from cale . 
 when he was loaded into the ambulance , she was right there . 
 from now on , wherever cale was headed , she planned to be right there with him . 
 she did n't even look at her father . 
 she could n't - her gaze was on the man that she loved . 
 mercer was still calling her name when the ambulance sped away . 
 * * * mercer watched the ambulance vanish . 
 another ambulance . 
 more blood . 
 more death . 
 always more . 
 cassidy had been crying . 
 her clothes , her hands , had been stained with blood , and tears had poured silently down her cheeks . 
 the emts were crouched around genevieve chevalier 's figure now , but there was n't anything that could be done to save her . 
 `` she 's the one , '' logan quinn told him as the agent approached . 
 other eod personnel were fanning out , searching the scene . 
 logan had been clear about where their enemies had been hiding . 
 mercer gazed down at genevieve 's form . 
 in all of his years as an agent , he 'd learned that evil could hide beneath the most deceptive of surfaces . 
 it was a lesson his daughter had now learned , too . 
 `` she was going to shoot cassidy . 
 at the end , she was pointing her weapon at your asset . '' 
 logan 's voice hardened as he delivered that barb . 
 he knows . 
 mercer glanced up . 
 saw that gunner stood just behind logan . 
 gunner was bleeding from about a dozen cuts , but he acted as if he was n't even aware of the injuries . 
 `` you took her out ? '' 
 mercer asked as his gaze stayed on gunner . 
 gunner was one of the deadliest snipers that he 'd - `` cale did it . '' 
 from logan . 
 hard . 
 cold . 
 `` even with a bullet in his back and another bullet driving through his side , he protected cassidy . 
 he saved her . '' 
 and cassidy had been desperate for him . 
 those tears ... mercer swallowed . 
 `` you did n't count on it , did you ? '' 
 logan pressed . 
 mercer 's breath eased slowly past his lips . 
 `` i knew cale was a good agent . 
 the minute i assigned him to cassidy 's detail , i realized he 'd put his life on the line for her . '' 
 logan shook his head . 
 `` no , that 's not what i meant . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` you did n't realize that they 'd fall for each other , did you ? '' 
 no . 
 but they had because on cassidy 's face ... there had been grief . 
 fear . 
 love . 
 `` what happens now ? '' 
 logan wanted to know . 
 `` are you going to try to force her onto another plane ? 
 because , let me tell you , i sure as hell do n't think that will happen . 
 she wo n't leave him . 
 not unless - '' logan broke off . 
 but mercer knew what he 'd been about to say . 
 not unless cale dies . 
 `` secure the scene , '' mercer told him , turning away . 
 he needed to get to that hospital . 
 he needed to get to cassidy 's side . 
 he 'd seen cale 's injuries . 
 he knew just how bad they were . 
 if the agent died , then cassidy would shatter . 
 mercer knew it because ... he 'd shattered when marguerite had died . 
 shattered and never been able to piece himself back together again . 
 he could n't let the same fate fall on cassidy . 
 she deserved better . 
 she deserved love . 
 life . 
 and he 'd give it to her . 
 he took two steps . 
 paused . 
 glanced over his shoulder and made sure that he projected his intent at the two agents . 
 `` whatever you think you know about cassidy sherridan , you forget it . 
 got me ? 
 after today , you forget everything about her . '' 
 with narrowed eyes , logan glared back at him . 
 `` is that what you do when she 's not around ? 
 forget ? '' 
 never . 
 `` maybe one day you 'll understand , '' mercer murmured . 
 but , no , he did n't want logan to understand . 
 logan had the woman he loved . 
 so did gunner . 
 he did n't want either man to ever know the pain he felt . 
 the pain that his daughter was feeling right then . 
 because when you lost the other half of yourself , living was near impossible . 
 `` maybe one day , '' mercer repeated . 
 `` but pray you do n't . 
 just follow my orders , agent . 
 follow them . '' 
 and he rushed away , determined to finally be there for his daughter when she needed him . 
 if cale dies ... he would make sure that he was there to piece cassidy 's life back together . 
 somehow . 
 chapter twelve the operating room doors swung closed , the faint whoosh of sound seeming far too loud for cassidy 's ears . 
 she stared at those doors , lost . 
 cale had n't opened his eyes . 
 not once during the ambulance ride . 
 he had n't talked to her again , had n't squeezed her fingers . 
 he had n't done anything . 
 her hands lifted . 
 his blood had dried on her . 
 she should go wash it off . 
 her fingers started to shake . 
 `` cassidy . '' 
 she jumped at mercer 's voice , but she did n't turn to face him . 
 `` they ... they would n't let me go back . '' 
 of course not . 
 she knew she could n't go in surgery . 
 not with a wound as severe as his . 
 logically , she understood that , but logic was n't exactly her strong suit then . 
 a tear leaked down her cheek . 
 they just would n't stop . 
 she swiped her bloody hands over her face . 
 `` the doctor said he 'd go to icu after-after he comes out . '' 
 because cale would come out . 
 he 'd pull through the surgery just fine . 
 cale could survive anything . 
 `` but only family can see him then . '' 
 she was n't family . 
 to the doctor , she was no one . 
 mercer 's fingers closed around her shoulder . 
 cassidy trembled . 
 she hated for him to see her weak like this . 
 she always tried to put on her strong face when mercer was around . 
 when your father was a supersoldier , there was n't supposed to be room for weakness in his daughter . 
 `` i 'll get you in that damn icu room . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 mercer 's cheeks were flushed , and his eyes were bright with emotion . 
 `` i could get you in that operating room , too , but cassidy , you do n't want to see that . 
 you do n't want to see them cutting into cale . '' 
 a scream was breaking inside her , but she clamped her lips together and held it back . 
 when she was sure it would n't burst free , cassidy whispered , `` the doctor said ... he wanted me to call in cale 's sister because ... '' it hurt to say it . 
 `` cale might not wake up . 
 his injuries are so bad . '' 
 her eyes squeezed shut . 
 `` i could see him dying , right in front of me . 
 i could n't stop it . 
 i could n't do anything . '' 
 mercer 's arms wrapped around her , and he pulled her against his chest . 
 he ... hugged her ? 
 she pressed her face against his shoulder . 
 he 'd hugged her at her mother 's funeral , hugged her just like this . 
 so tightly . 
 as if he never wanted to let her go . 
 only he 'd pushed her away after that day , pushed her away for so long . 
 `` your ranger 's going to be fine , '' he promised , his voice gruff . 
 `` that man is n't about to give up without a fight . 
 eod agents are tougher than anyone else out there . 
 he 'll pull through . '' 
 i. . . 
 love you . 
 `` he does n't know , '' cassidy told him , her voice a mere breath of sound . 
 mercer eased back-just a little-to stare down at her . 
 `` know what ? '' 
 `` that i love him . '' 
 it hurt . 
 he 'd told her , he 'd made sure that she knew , but she had n't been able to say those three words to him . 
 `` you 'll tell him . '' 
 mercer gave a firm nod . 
 `` when he comes out of surgery , when he opens his eyes and calls for you , you 'll tell him then . '' 
 she wanted to believe him . 
 once , she would have believed anything that mercer said . 
 but she was n't a child anymore . 
 and mercer 's word was n't law , even if he wanted it to be . 
 `` genevieve planned it all . 
 i thought ... i thought i could help her . 
 that she needed me . '' 
 `` but she was just trying to use you in order to get to me . '' 
 a muscle flexed along his jaw . 
 `` it had to be the agents i sent to guard you . 
 she figured out what-who-you were because of them . 
 she traced them back to me . 
 i put you at risk , the same way i always have . 
 first marguerite , then you . '' 
 his hands tightened on her . 
 `` i never wanted to hurt either of you . '' 
 his voice had broken at the end . 
 she 'd never seen him broken . 
 `` after your mother was killed , i tried so hard , i swear i did . 
 i tried so hard to protect you . 
 but i just made a prison for you-one that you could n't escape . '' 
 because guards had always been there . 
 men and women who 'd jumped at mercer 's command . 
 until cale . 
 `` i do n't know how to open the prison . 
 i do n't know what to do . '' 
 mercer did n't know ? 
 `` i do . '' 
 she straightened her shoulders . 
 `` you just let me go . '' 
 his head bowed . 
 `` i want you to be safe . '' 
 a ragged breath escaped him . 
 `` and i want you happy . '' 
 she was as far from happy as she could possibly get . 
 grief was a knife in her gut , twisting and cutting away at her . 
 the waiting room was empty-just her and mercer . 
 she had no idea how he 'd arranged that . 
 mercer and his strings . 
 they sat together . 
 the silence was thick and hard . 
 she could n't keep her eyes off those operating room doors . 
 `` tell me again that he 'll be okay . '' 
 `` he will be . '' 
 she wanted to believe him . 
 mercer could move mountains . 
 once she 'd thought her father could make anything happen . 
 but he had n't been able to keep her mother alive . 
 cassidy licked her dry lips . 
 `` i did n't mean to love him . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 his shoulder brushed hers . 
 `` we ca n't control who we love . 
 you will be able to tell him ... soon . '' 
 cassidy nodded , and she prayed that he was right . 
 * * * cale hurt . 
 the pain pulsed through him in waves that would n't end . 
 `` he 's coming around , doctor . 
 should we - '' cale 's hand flew out . 
 he grabbed hold of the person talking , and the man 's voice broke off . 
 his throat burned as cale rasped , `` cass ... '' `` sir , we just removed the tube from your throat . 
 you need to calm down . '' 
 forget calm . 
 his hold tightened . 
 his eyelids were heavy , and he struggled to lift them . 
 had the jerks taped them down ? 
 `` cass ... '' `` sir , just calm - '' no tape . 
 he finally managed to crack open his eyes . 
 `` want ... cas ... sidy ... '' his voice was stronger , more a snarl than anything else . 
 the guy he was holding tried to pull free . 
 `` get ... her ... '' `` mr. lane ! '' 
 another voice . 
 snapping . 
 was he supposed to be impressed by some doctor 's snap ? 
 need cassidy . 
 was she all right ? 
 the last thing he remembered was the gunfire . 
 he 'd tried to stop genevieve before she could hurt cassidy . 
 `` we just spent hours stitching you back up . 
 you 're damn lucky your spine was n't damaged . 
 now stop struggling before you undo all my work ! '' 
 if they 'd get cassidy , he 'd stop . 
 `` cass ... '' `` yes , yes , i get it . 
 you need ms. sherridan . 
 we 'll get her , okay ? 
 but first , calm down or we 'll strap you down . '' 
 they 'd better not . 
 he eased his hold on the man . 
 footsteps raced away . 
 the doctor 's face came into focus as he leaned over cale . 
 `` mercer told me you 'd be like this . '' 
 cale could n't do more than bare his teeth in a grimace . 
 `` he also told me that you 'd pull through , no matter what . '' 
 sinking into that black oblivion of darkness had n't been an option . 
 not when he had cassidy waiting for him in the light . 
 if she was waiting . 
 `` do n't worry , '' the doctor told him . 
 `` your cassidy is fine . '' 
 then the doors flew open and banged against the wall . 
 `` cale ! '' 
 no voice had ever been sweeter , even if it was clogged with tears . 
 he turned his head . 
 saw cassidy standing in that doorway , with mercer just a few feet behind her . 
 cassidy rushed toward him . 
 her face was too pale , her eyes too wide . 
 he hated for her to be afraid . 
 especially when that fear was for him . 
 `` i 'm ... okay ... '' `` he 's lucky to be okay , '' the doctor muttered , plenty loud enough for him to overhear . 
 `` if that bullet had been another inch over , he would have - '' cassidy 's lips shook . 
 `` out ! '' 
 mercer 's order . 
 `` you can tell me outside , dr. longtree . '' 
 then mercer dragged the guy away , barking an order for the male nurse to stay in the room and keep an eye on cale . 
 cale stared up at cassidy . 
 she was inches away but not touching him . 
 that was n't good enough . 
 `` closer . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt you . '' 
 but then she crept a little bit closer , as if she could n't help herself . 
 her fingers , soft and light , feathered over his arm . 
 his heartbeat started to calm down . 
 cassidy soothed him . 
 cassidy made him feel at peace . 
 he studied her a moment . 
 machines were beeping around him , the nurse was trying to blend in with the wall and cassidy had dried tear tracks on her cheeks . 
 `` is genevieve ... dead ? '' 
 a blunt question , but one that had to be asked . 
 `` yes . '' 
 cassidy licked her lips . 
 `` she 's gone . '' 
 and he 'd been the one to kill her . 
 `` she was going to ... shoot you . 
 i remember that ... i had to take the shot ... '' `` what else do you remember ? '' 
 her fingers had stilled over his arm . 
 `` the sound of gunshots . 
 a scream . '' 
 cassidy 's ? 
 `` nothing else ? '' 
 was there something ? 
 the hesitation in her voice told him that there was . 
 her lashes lowered , then lifted so that her gaze could hold his . 
 he loved her eyes-so deep and green and shining with emotion . 
 so - `` you told me that you loved me . '' 
 the machines beeped a little louder . 
 `` cassidy , i - '' `` do n't tell me it was the blood loss or delirium or anything like that . '' 
 her voice had sharpened . 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 `` because i 'll know that you 're lying to me . '' 
 he did n't want to lie to her . 
 cassidy 's shoulders straightened . 
 `` you said you loved me because you thought you were going to die , and you did n't want to pass without telling me . '' 
 he stayed silent . 
 she glared . 
 `` next time , do n't wait for death , okay ? 
 just tell me . '' 
 uh , okay . 
 `` because i love you , too , cale . 
 i love you so much . 
 and when you were bleeding out on that ground , i felt like my world was ending . '' 
 he ignored the pain and reached for her , pulled her against him as best he could and kissed her . 
 her lips parted for him . 
 her fingers pressed to his cheek . 
 he could taste the salt of her tears . 
 and the sweet promise of their future . 
 `` i do n't want my world to end , '' cassidy whispered . 
 she pulled back a bit to meet his stare . 
 `` cale , i want my life to start again , with you . '' 
 he could n't imagine a life without her . 
 things between them had developed so quickly-maybe too quickly , but he did n't care . 
 he knew what love was because he 'd lived too long without it . 
 `` whatever we have to do , i 'll do it , '' she promised . 
 `` i want to be with you . '' 
 he kissed her again . 
 the nurse cleared his throat . 
 `` you seem ... uh ... pretty okay in here . 
 i 'll just ... step outside a bit . '' 
 cale held tight to cassidy . 
 plans , ideas , were racing through his head . 
 cassidy needed a home base , a place where she could feel safe . 
 he wanted to give her that-wanted to give her the world . 
 he would . 
 he 'd give her everything . 
 `` there 's this little town , '' he whispered . 
 `` i mentioned it before , in texas ... '' `` your home . '' 
 it had n't felt like home to him for years , but now , when he thought of her ... `` let 's take a visit there . '' 
 see what happened . 
 how she liked it . 
 what she liked . 
 because he 'd go any place with her-london , rio , even whiskey ridge , texas . 
 wherever cassidy was happy , that was where he wanted to be . 
 but cassidy laughed , a light , husky sound that skipped right through him . 
 he loved it when she laughed . 
 he 'd make sure she had plenty of reason to laugh and smile in the years to come . 
 she was smiling then , flashing the little dimple that he just had to stroke . 
 `` oh , cale . '' 
 her hand lifted and brushed back his hair . 
 `` do n't you understand ? 
 home for me-it 's going to be wherever you are . 
 as long as we 're together ... '' they would be . 
 together for the rest of their lives . 
 `` then i 'm happy , '' she finished . 
 he gazed at her , completely lost for a moment . 
 his society girl , his fierce fighter . 
 his . 
 the woman he 'd cherish for the rest of his days . 
 `` i love you , cassidy sherridan . '' 
 her smile widened . 
 protecting her had been the best assignment of his life . 
 he 'd owe mercer for that , for connecting him with the woman of his dreams . 
 cale was sure mercer would come collect on that debt . 
 the guy always did . 
 but that did n't matter . 
 the only thing that mattered-she was in his arms . 
 the place where he always wanted her to be . 
 cale kissed her again . 
 they were both home . 
 * * * mercer turned away from the hospital door , but cassidy 's quiet words still rang in his ears . 
 when you were bleeding out on the ground , i felt like my world was ending . 
 he knew exactly how his daughter felt . 
 but cassidy 's world would n't end . 
 she 'd have her man , and they 'd be together . 
 cale was a fighter , a protector-that was why mercer had recruited him for the eod . 
 and it was also why he 'd sent cale down to guard cassidy . 
 i 'd thought , hoped ... and his plan had worked . 
 cassidy would now have a warrior by her side , day in and day out . 
 a man willing to put his life on the line for her . 
 more plans would have to be made . 
 cassidy wanted out of her prison . 
 he had to find a way to make that happen . 
 he 'd have to figure out a way to clear her so that his enemies would n't hunt for her any longer . 
 had genevieve leaked the information that she 'd had ? 
 sold it to any of her and ian 's connections ? 
 he 'd find out , and he 'd eliminate any threats to his daughter . 
 he might have to use some bait , might have to call in some old favors , but he would give cassidy her freedom . 
 mercer had lost his chance at love , but he 'd make sure that his daughter had her happiness . 
 she deserved it . 
 he began to whistle as he walked down the hallway , plans and schemes running through his mind . 
 cassidy was going to be free . 
 and she 'd have the life that she 'd always wanted . 
 no matter what , he 'd make the dream happen for her , even if it meant he had to get his hands a little bit bloody . 
 after all , the eod was used to blood and death . 
 he was the eod . 
 he had this . 
 epilogue she was n't in a ballroom anymore . 
 she was n't wearing a glimmering green gown that matched her eyes . 
 she wore jeans , a faded t-shirt . 
 she was standing in a meadow , laughing . 
 cale 's arms were crossed over his chest as he stared at cassidy . 
 they 'd been in whiskey ridge for two weeks-just two short weeks-and cassidy seemed to glow with happiness . 
 she did n't wake up afraid that one of her father 's enemies would find her . 
 she slept through the nights , held carefully in his arms . 
 they watched sunsets together . 
 rose at dawn to see that same sun rise . 
 they made love . 
 they talked about the future . 
 and he dreamed of everything that he wanted to give her . 
 because that was what she 'd already given to him . 
 she 's every damn dream i ever had . 
 cassidy glanced over at him , and she smiled . 
 her dimple flashed . 
 his heartbeat kicked up . 
 slowly , she strode toward him . 
 `` hi , there , cowboy . '' 
 the title had been mocking once-still was their own joke . 
 the cowboy and the princess . 
 that was how he thought of them . 
 two different worlds . 
 they probably should have never been together . 
 but they were . 
 when he 'd finally been released from the hospital , cale had n't been able to get her home soon enough . 
 and this place ... with her there , it truly felt like home . 
 `` i 'm happy here , '' cassidy said , the words simple . 
 true . 
 no telling hitch gave away a lie . 
 she did n't lie anymore or , at least , not to him . 
 that hitch had sure slipped through when she 'd gamely tried his sister 's roast beef the day before . 
 `` could you always be happy here ? '' 
 he asked her carefully . 
 her hands rose . 
 she stroked his face , her fingertips lightly smoothing over the stubble that lined his jaw . 
 `` i told you before , i 'm going to be happy as long as i 'm with you . 
 and i do n't care where we are . '' 
 as long as they were together . 
 he held her gaze and slowly dropped to one knee . 
 `` cale ? '' 
 he opened the box in his hand . 
 before he 'd left d.c. , he 'd picked up one very special item . 
 he opened the box . 
 a diamond was n't nestled inside . 
 an emerald was . 
 one that reminded him perfectly of her eyes . 
 those eyes were very wide right then . 
 `` cassidy sherridan , will you do me the honor of becoming my wife ? '' 
 she just stared at him . 
 oh , hell . 
 he should have gone with the diamond . 
 getting the emerald had been a bad idea . 
 it was just - she yanked him to his feet . 
 kissed him hard and deep and wild . 
 he could taste her love and her passion and all the sweetness that was his cassidy . 
 `` yes , '' she whispered against his lips . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 that time , she shouted her answer . 
 and he laughed and held her tighter . 
 sometimes , dreams did come true-even the broken dreams of an ex-mercenary . 
 `` like i was going to let you get away , '' cassidy whispered , giving a small shake of her head . 
 `` not happening . '' 
 then she sobered as she stared at him . 
 `` it 's not every day that a man is willing to die for me . '' 
 and it was n't every day that he was given something special to live for-someone special . 
 his cassidy . 
 `` i hope the wedding 's soon , '' she told him , and a wicked glint had entered her eyes . 
 `` sweetheart , it will be as soon as you want . '' 
 he was ready for their forever to start-a lifetime of love and happiness . 
 no more fears . 
 and no more nightmares for cassidy . 
 he 'd make sure the rest of her days were as good as this one . 
 he kissed her again and knew that life could n't get any better . 
