 chapter one desperation had driven veronica lane to the small , run-down bar in the middle of absolute nowhere . 
 that same desperation had her hands shaking and her heart racing as she pushed open the bar 's old wooden doors and risked a cautious step inside last chance . 
 the bar name was rather fitting , but not exactly reassuring . 
 no band was playing in the bar . 
 it was n't that kind of place-no live bands would ever be playing in a joint like this . 
 the interior was dim , and the bar smelled of alcohol and cigarettes . 
 despite its worn appearance , last chance was packed , mostly with men who were drinking and with some ladies who were dancing . 
 dancing to their own beat because the jukebox was n't exactly spitting out any nice tunes . 
 veronica felt unwanted eyes on her as she took another slow step inside the building . 
 she knew her mark waited in that bar . 
 she 'd worked hard to track the man down . 
 now veronica just had to convince him to help her . 
 i can do this . 
 she hoped . 
 the ridiculous high heels that she wore were n't exactly helping her to navigate or to look as though she knew what the heck she was doing . 
 she 'd tried to dress the part in order to fit in , but instead of giving her a sexy confidence , the short skirt she was wearing just made her feel exposed . 
 too many eyes . 
 the weight of all those stares was making her way too nervous . 
 after huffing out a hard breath , veronica lifted her chin . 
 the bar . 
 she needed to head toward that long , thin , wooden counter with its assortment of stools . 
 did n't the bartender always know everything in places like this ? 
 he 'd better . 
 she dodged and weaved her way around the last chance patrons , then grabbed the bar countertop in a white-knuckled grip . 
 the bartender turned , the faint light gleaming off his bald head . 
 a cowboy hat would cover that baldness . 
 he lifted a brow . 
 `` want something ? '' 
 `` a man . '' 
 now both dark brows were up . 
 could she have sounded more like an idiot ? 
 `` his name 's jasper , '' she added . 
 a name that did n't sound too dangerous , but the man ... oh , yes , he was the most dangerous man she 'd ever met . 
 `` jasper adams , and he 's here . '' 
 the bartender pushed a whiskey glass toward a guy on the right . 
 she saw the black ink of what appeared to be a skull tattoo peeking just beneath the sleeve of his shirt . 
 he grunted , and her gaze jerked back up to meet his . 
 `` you sure you want to tangle with him ? '' 
 no . 
 `` absolutely sure . '' 
 he smiled , and the smile just made his face look even harder . 
 his dark eyes glinted as he said , `` then just follow the sound of fists . '' 
 the sound of ... ? 
 then she heard the thud of fists . 
 unmistakable . 
 a man shouted . 
 another growled . 
 she even heard some cheers . 
 the bartender pointed toward the back room . 
 `` have fun . '' 
 doubtful . 
 veronica sucked in a deep breath and followed the sound of voices and fists . 
 she had to push her way through the small crowd that had gathered at the back room . 
 no bobbing or weaving this time . 
 she had to push through a line of sweaty bodies . 
 cowboys who were enjoying one very brutal brawl . 
 once she made it through that wall of bodies , veronica saw what held the crowd so captivated . 
 two men were circling each other . 
 one was tall , his body strong with muscles , his blond hair bright even in the dim light . 
 the other man was pale , with a wild shot of red hair , black eyes and fists that moved so fast - the blond male caught those fists in his hands . 
 just ... caught them . 
 then he smiled . 
 `` try harder next time . '' 
 then the big , blond fellow slammed his head into his opponent 's face . 
 veronica winced . 
 she was pretty sure the redhead 's nose had just broken . 
 the men around her cheered . 
 veronica edged forward . 
 she knew that blond male . 
 her hand lifted . 
 `` lady , what the hell ? '' 
 someone grabbed her hand and tried to haul her back . 
 the blond spun to face her , obviously ready for a sneak attack . 
 she smiled , hoping that she did n't look like a threat . 
 his eyes-a dark , deep green that she 'd never been able to get out of her mind-narrowed on her . 
 then that green stare slowly swept over her face . 
 over her body . 
 she warmed beneath his gaze . 
 jasper adams . 
 still just as big , bad and dangerous as she remembered . 
 and just as sexy . 
 `` you 're gon na want to let her go , '' he murmured to the cowboy who held her . 
 `` and you 're gon na want to do that right now . '' 
 the cowboy 's hand instantly fell away from her . 
 jasper did n't even glance back at the man behind her . 
 his gaze had come back to meet veronica 's . 
 `` i. . . 
 know you . '' 
 though he did n't sound as if he actually remembered how he knew her . 
 so much for making a lasting impression . 
 jasper 's gaze fell to the exposed length of her legs . 
 `` i 'd like to know you even better . '' 
 her face flushed . 
 maybe it was a good thing he was looking at her legs . 
 that way , he missed the whole flaming-face bit . 
 only his eyes were back on her face now , and he was almost smiling . 
 time to take charge of the situation . 
 or try to . 
 veronica cleared her throat . 
 `` i need to talk with you , jasper . '' 
 since the man on the floor was crawling away now and holding his bleeding nose , the group started to thin . 
 jasper closed in on her . 
 he reached for her hand . 
 `` is that all you want ? '' 
 `` no , '' she barely whispered . 
 she could tell by the heavy-lidded look in his eyes that jasper had something more physical in mind . 
 but even though she 'd had a crush on him for more years than she wanted to confess , veronica straightened her spine and said , `` what i really want ... '' he leaned in close to her . 
 his heady scent-male , soap , the crisp outdoors-swept around her . 
 `` what i really want ... '' she eased out a slow breath . 
 `` is your help . '' 
 judging by the expression on jasper 's handsome face , that was the last request he 'd expected . 
 jasper adams . 
 ex-ranger . 
 lethal killing machine . 
 heartbreaker . 
 okay , those were the words whispered about him . 
 she was n't sure all of the rumors that she 'd heard about him were true , and , right now , she did n't care . 
 one thing she did know...ex-ranger was the most important part to her . 
 `` i 'm veronica lane . '' 
 she said her name in case he 'd forgotten , which he obviously had . 
 `` a few years ago , you were in a unit with my brother , cale . '' 
 his eyelids flickered . 
 then he was pulling her deeper into the shadows . 
 pushing her toward a small wooden table that sat against the back of the bar . 
 privacy . 
 a tiny bit of it , anyway . 
 `` do you remember him ? '' 
 veronica pressed . 
 jasper rubbed his chin , studied her and nodded . 
 her breath expelled in a relieved rush . 
 `` good . 
 he ... he always spoke highly of you . '' 
 spoke . 
 she 'd used the past tense . 
 that was n't what she 'd meant to do . 
 veronica blinked away the stupid tears that wanted to fill her eyes . 
 `` he said that you were one of the best trackers he knew . '' 
 `` is that all he said ? '' 
 his voice , with the faintest hint of a texas drawl , rolled over her . 
 `` he said you were deadly . 
 that i should ... '' this part was embarrassing , but she would n't lie to him , so she finished , `` he said that i should stay far away from a man like you . '' 
 another slow nod . 
 `` sounds about right . '' 
 one golden brow rose . 
 the man 's face was almost perfect . 
 too gorgeous . 
 high cheekbones . 
 square jaw . 
 firm lips . 
 a slightly hawkish nose , but it just made his other features look even stronger . 
 and his eyes ... a woman could easily be tempted by eyes like that . 
 tempted to do just about anything . 
 the jukebox started to play another tune . 
 a slower song . 
 the dance-with-me kind of song . 
 `` if your brother warned you away , then why are you here , ms. veronica lane ? '' 
 `` because i have to be . '' 
 she perched on the edge of her chair . 
 the chair 's legs were uneven and wobbled a bit beneath her . 
 `` i need your help . '' 
 his fingertips drummed on the scarred tabletop . 
 `` and you think i 'll help you because ... ? '' 
 `` because i can pay you . '' 
 she fumbled and opened her purse . 
 `` i even brought some cash in with me - '' he swore and grabbed her hands , closing the purse and trapping her fingers beneath his own . 
 his skin was rough , the tips of his fingers and his palms calloused . 
 `` lady , do n't you know better than to flash a wad of cash in a bar like this ? '' 
 her heart raced so fast that her chest hurt . 
 `` i 'm desperate . '' 
 very slowly , he released her . 
 `` yes , ma'am , '' he drawled , `` i am getting that impression . '' 
 `` i heard ... '' rumors , whispers , some of what she 'd picked up from her brother over the years and some that she 'd learned on her own . 
 clearing her throat , she said , `` i heard that you would be willing to take on certain jobs if the money was right . '' 
 she leaned forward . 
 her chair teetered . 
 `` i can make the money right for you , okay ? 
 please . '' 
 she was n't above begging . 
 because i am that desperate . 
 `` say you 'll help me . '' 
 his eyes gave no clue to his thoughts . 
 they were just a cold green shield . 
 `` what do you want me to do ? '' 
 he waited a beat . 
 `` you trying to get me to kill someone for you ? '' 
 his voice was silky soft , deadly . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` no , of course not ! '' 
 he just stared back at her . 
 veronica swallowed the lump in her throat . 
 she realized that the `` of course '' probably did n't apply to him . 
 he was ex-military , a man who often sold his lethal skills out to the highest bidder . 
 dealing out death ... maybe that was common for him . 
 it was n't so common for her . 
 her fingers clenched around her purse strap . 
 the better to hide the trembling of her hands . 
 `` i want you to find someone for me . '' 
 she caught the faintest expression of surprise in his gaze . 
 a very , very fleeting expression . 
 `` who ? '' 
 jasper demanded . 
 `` my brother . 
 cale 's missing . '' 
 missing and , she feared , dead . 
 because cale had been gone for six months . 
 there 'd been no contact at all from him during that time . 
 cale would never leave her for that long without a word . 
 even when he 'd been working as an army ranger , he 'd still found ways to check up on her . 
 to let her know that he was alive . 
 her brother knew how much she needed him . 
 he would n't just leave her . 
 but jasper leaned back in his chair and waved a dismissive hand . 
 `` cale 's a big boy . 
 if any man knows how to take care of himself , it 's him . '' 
 why ? 
 because her brother was a killer ? 
 a mercenary ? 
 yes , she knew all the dark parts of cale 's life . 
 it did n't make her love him less . 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` it 's been six months . 
 no calls . 
 no letters . 
 no texts or emails . '' 
 `` he could be in deep cover . 
 maybe on a mission that ca n't be - '' `` cale did n't even tell me when he left . '' 
 that was the part that had first tipped her off to the fact that something was wrong . 
 `` before every mission , he always comes to see me . '' 
 it was a ritual they 'd had . 
 after the sudden death of their parents , well , they 'd needed to stick together . 
 there had n't been a choice . 
 it had just been the two of them . 
 cale had never gotten a chance to tell their parents goodbye , to say that he loved them that one final time . 
 so every time that cale left for a mission , he came to see her . 
 he always told her goodbye . 
 `` he did n't tell me goodbye , '' she whispered . 
 jasper shook his head . 
 `` you think your brother is missing because he did n't tell you goodbye ? '' 
 he gave a low whistle . 
 `` i hate to break this to you , but - '' `` six . 
 months , '' she gritted , not about to be put off now . 
 fine , he could think she was crazy , but he 'd still better take the job that she was offering to him . 
 `` if you do n't believe me , well , you wo n't be the first . 
 the local sheriff thinks i 'm being neurotic , and he sure wo n't lift a finger to help me . '' 
 jasper watched her with his steady gaze . 
 `` does it even matter if you believe me ? '' 
 veronica asked . 
 `` ca n't you take the money , find him and then prove that i 'm wrong ? 
 you 'll get paid either way , i swear . 
 i just need to know that he 's alive . '' 
 because the gnawing in her gut told her that something was wrong . 
 she was afraid that cale was dead . 
 `` i ca n't live the rest of my life , wondering if my brother 's body is in a shallow grave someplace . 
 i need to know what 's happened to him . '' 
 jasper just kept staring back at her . 
 `` say something , '' she told him , voice tight . 
 his head cocked to the right . 
 `` you 're not what i expected . '' 
 well , that was something . 
 just not what she 'd wanted to hear . 
 `` we met once , did n't we ? '' 
 jasper asked her . 
 so he remembered ? 
 she gave a quick nod . 
 his gaze narrowed on her . 
 `` your hair 's different . '' 
 her hair did n't matter . 
 only cale mattered . 
 why was jasper stalling ? 
 he said , `` your brother talked about you a lot . 
 he was always telling me how smart you were . '' 
 not so smart when it came to people . 
 people generally made her feel lost , but when it came to computers and technology , she got by pretty well . 
 `` none of jasper 's credit cards have been used . 
 none of his accounts touched . 
 not since he vanished . '' 
 `` you know this because ... ? '' 
 `` because it took me all of five minutes to get access to his accounts . '' 
 with her computers , there was very little that she could n't access . 
 `` if my brother had just been taking another job , then some cash should have been put in his account . 
 a down payment , something . 
 there was nothing . '' 
 `` maybe he gets paid when the job 's done . 
 or maybe he has an account you do n't know about . '' 
 jasper was being so calm and logical . 
 it was all she could do to stay seated . 
 `` there 's always an up-front payment . '' 
 you do n't risk your life for nothing ... that had been a cale lane rule . 
 rule number three , if she remembered correctly . 
 `` and i know about every account he has . '' 
 jasper tapped his chin . 
 she noticed that a faint growth of stubble covered his square jaw . 
 the stubble made him look both dangerous and sexy . 
 she yanked her gaze away from that stubble and forced herself to look into his eyes once more . 
 `` you know him . '' 
 she made her voice smooth with an effort . 
 `` he was your friend once . 
 please , take this job . 
 i 'll pay whatever you want . '' 
 `` whatever ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 his lashes flickered . 
 `` you should be careful making an offer like that . 
 you do n't know what i 'll ask for . 
 you do n't know what kind of man i am . '' 
 `` you 're the kind of man i need . '' 
 one with dark connections that could-hopefully-lead veronica to her brother . 
 he studied her , and she fought the urge to squirm . 
 after a moment , his lips slowly stretched into a smile . 
 `` well , ms. veronica lane , in that case , i think you 've just hired yourself a mercenary . '' 
 an answering smile wanted to lift her lips because , for the first time in months , she could feel hope stirring inside her . 
 jasper rose to his feet . 
 she hurried to stand beside him . 
 this close , she finally realized just how big he was . 
 jasper 's shoulders stretched as wide as a linebacker 's . 
 `` thank you , '' she murmured , offering her hand . 
 his fingers closed around hers . 
 `` do n't thank me . '' 
 the words sounded a little too gruff . 
 she glanced up , her brows pulling together . 
 his smile seemed forced . 
 `` i have n't found your brother yet . '' 
 `` but you will . '' 
 keep the hope . 
 do n't let it fade . 
 `` yes , '' jasper said slowly , but with a definite promise rumbling beneath the words , `` i will . '' 
 * * * the crowd closed in behind little veronica lane as she hurried away from him . 
 jasper watched her go , aware that his gaze had dropped to the curve of her hips . 
 the lady had one fine sway when she moved , even if she staggered a bit in those three-inch heels . 
 `` are you smiling ? '' 
 the surprised question came from jasper 's left as gunner ortez grabbed a chair and swung it around . 
 he sat down , looping his arms over the back of the chair . 
 `` man , you know i 've asked you not to do that . 
 you 're scary when you smile . '' 
 as if gunner was one to talk . 
 the ex-seal sniper just looked like one very deadly shark when he smiled . 
 `` was that who i think it was ? '' 
 gunner asked . 
 `` if you mean was that cale lane 's little sister , then , yes , it was . '' 
 talk about easy pickings . 
 he 'd been in town for less than five hours . 
 he 'd thought that he 'd have to worm his way into veronica 's good graces before he could get a good start on this mission . 
 but the woman had just come walking right up to him . 
 `` want to tell me what she wanted ? '' 
 he and gunner were working the assignment together , so there was no reason to hold back . 
 `` she just hired me to find her missing brother . '' 
 not much could surprise gunner . 
 the guy had been to hell and back on his missions , but jasper caught the faint flicker of surprise on his face . 
 `` you really have the devil 's luck . '' 
 gunner saluted jasper with a beer bottle . 
 `` so they say . '' 
 sometimes it was hard to tell the difference between having luck and being cursed . 
 `` you did n't tell her that you were eod ? '' 
 even if he 'd told her , jasper was n't sure that veronica would have even known about the group . 
 most civilians did n't know of its existence . 
 `` have i ever broken cover ? '' 
 jasper tossed back at his friend . 
 gunner shook his head . 
 `` and i 'm not starting now . '' 
 as if a pretty face would sway him . 
 veronica had definitely been graced with a pretty face . 
 heart-shaped , with high cheeks , a round little nose and the biggest , brightest blue eyes he 'd ever seen . 
 the eyes had caught his attention first , held it and made it hard for him to look away . 
 then he 'd noticed her mouth . 
 who would have guessed that sweet veronica lane had a mouth made for sin ? 
 or legs that seemed to stretch forever . 
 he cleared his throat and shifted beneath the table . 
 `` as far as i can tell , the woman does n't know a thing about the eod . 
 she thinks i 'm a mercenary , just like cale . '' 
 if she only knew the truth . 
 for the past two years , jasper had been working for the elite operations division . 
 the hybrid group of ex-military personnel took on some damn dangerous missions ... missions that no one else could handle . 
 eod agents generally worked off the grid . 
 way , way off . 
 but someone had started to hunt eod agents . 
 three men had been killed in the past six months , and all signs were indicating that the killer was ... cale lane . 
 `` so i guess you took the job ? '' 
 gunner asked . 
 `` we came to an agreement . '' 
 one that they 'd hash out more later . 
 `` that agreement ... it does involve me getting full access to cale 's house and all of his personal files . '' 
 `` lucky sob , '' gunner muttered , shaking his head . 
 jasper shrugged . 
 `` he 's missing . 
 she wants me to find him . '' 
 he still could n't quite get over the shock of seeing her come for him , pushing out of the crowd , looking so out of place and so - `` what 's going to happen when she finds out that you 're in town to catch her brother ? 
 that uncle sam wants cale locked up tight so that the man never sees daylight again ? '' 
 this time , jasper 's shrug was forced . 
 `` i guess she 'll hate me then . '' 
 her blue eyes had flashed with so many emotions . 
 fear . 
 desperation . 
 hope . 
 soon enough , he 'd see what her gaze looked like when hate burned in those blue eyes . 
 `` you 're playing with fire . '' 
 it was a warning that gunner had given him before . 
 and , as before , jasper 's answer was the same . 
 `` good thing i like to get burned . '' 
 then he rose from the table , and , because he was still thinking about her , still wondering about the lovely ms. veronica lane , jasper made his way out of the bar . 
 the eod had already run a full background check on veronica , and , yes , the woman was as innocent as she looked . 
 no skeletons in her closet . 
 just a desperate woman looking for her brother . 
 a woman who is about to trust the wrong man . 
 outside he saw veronica hop into a small blue sedan . 
 nothing fancy or particularly noticeable about it . 
 her taillights flashed on , and she quickly reversed . 
 then she pulled away from last chance . 
 he watched her , his gaze lingering and ... another pair of headlights flashed on in the parking lot . 
 his gaze shot to the right just as a vehicle 's motor growled and a car lurched forward . 
 when it reached the parking lot 's exit , the vehicle turned to the left and headed in the same direction that veronica had just taken . 
 just another bar patron , leaving for the night . 
 only jasper had n't seen anyone get in that vehicle . 
 so the driver had been sitting inside for a while , doing what ? 
 talking on his phone ? 
 yeah , maybe . 
 waiting for veronica ? 
 that made no sense . 
 so the driver had taken the same road that veronica had taken . 
 it did n't mean anything , despite the kick in his gut . 
 he was seeing danger where there was none . 
 a definite downside of his job . 
 after so many missions , so many deaths , he saw danger everywhere . 
 jasper turned back toward last chance . 
 sometimes a car was just a car . 
 he looked over his shoulder at the darkness , unable to shake the tension that had tightened his body . 
 because sometimes danger could really be anyplace . 
 * * * she had the radio blaring . 
 the loud music helped to keep veronica 's mind off the fact that it was after midnight and she was on one long , lonely stretch of texas road . 
 there were no streetlights . 
 streetlights were n't exactly a priority on this seldom-traveled highway . 
 darkness surrounded her , a pitch-black night cut only by the flash of her headlights . 
 the music kept blaring , and she gripped the steering wheel tightly . 
 thirty more minutes , and she 'd turn off this road and head back toward the ranch . 
 she 'd done it . 
 she 'd gotten jasper to help her and - bright lights suddenly filled her rearview mirror . 
 the whole interior of her car lit up , and her eyes had to squint against that strong glare . 
 guess i 'm not alone anymore . 
 the other vehicle came up behind her , driving fast . 
 going far faster than she was . 
 veronica eased her foot off the gas . 
 if the other vehicle wanted to pass her , that was fine . 
 she was n't about to try to race anyone in the dark . 
 the vehicle came closer and closer , eating up the miles between them . 
 it was hard to tell what kind of car was behind her . 
 the driver had on his bright lights , too , and that vehicle was right on her tail now . 
 she lifted her hand , waving vaguely to indicate that the other vehicle should pass her . 
 a motor revved behind her . 
 then the other car shot into the left lane . 
 her breath eased out and she slowed down even more . 
 he was going to pass her . 
 good . 
 that was - the other vehicle was right beside her . 
 only the driver was n't going so fast now . 
 he 'd lowered his speed to match hers . 
 a shiver slid over her , and veronica glanced over at the other vehicle . 
 she could n't see anyone inside . 
 too dark . 
 she just had the impression of a long , heavy car . 
 the other car seemed to be coming closer to her . 
 coming closer - she slammed on her brakes . 
 the other car kept going . 
 her breath eased out even as her heart pounded frantically in her chest . 
 for a moment there , she 'd remembered another wreck , a time that had destroyed her life . 
 her eyes squeezed shut . 
 `` you 're safe . 
 everything 's okay . '' 
 cale had told her those words , over and over again as he comforted her through the nightmares that had seeped into her life when she 'd been a child . 
 she was n't a child now . 
 her eyes opened . 
 she stared straight ahead . 
 then she saw the red flash of the other car 's taillights . 
 after that brief stop , the vehicle spun around and came right toward her . 
 the motor was snarling . 
 she shoved her foot down on the gas and tried to swerve around that vehicle , but the driver anticipated her move . 
 his car lunged toward hers . 
 veronica screamed and yanked the steering wheel to the left . 
 her car narrowly missed the other vehicle , but her little sedan careened off the road , bounced and slammed into a wooden fence . 
 she flew forward , her head snapping down , even as the seat belt bit into her shoulder and yanked her back in place . 
 holding her prisoner , trapping her ... just like before . 
 her air bag deployed , sending a white cloud all around her , and she fought against it , pushing with her fists and calling out for help . 
 someone yanked open her passenger 's - side door . 
 help ? 
 `` get her ! '' 
 a voice barked . 
 `` hurry the hell up ! '' 
 the air bag deflated instantly-because someone had just shoved a knife into it . 
 the gleaming blade of the knife shone in the darkness . 
 then that blade came toward her . 
 veronica screamed . 
 but who was out there to hear her cries ? 
 she was in the middle of nowhere , and the man with the knife was n't hesitating as he jerked her out of the car . 
 chapter two it was a scene out of a nightmare . 
 jasper slammed on the brakes when he rounded the corner and saw the crashed sedan . 
 the front of the vehicle was lodged in a fence , and the driver 's - side door was hanging open . 
 his gaze shot back across the two-lane highway . 
 the other car-the bigger vehicle-was parked sideways , cutting across the pavement , and its doors were open , too . 
 jasper jumped out of his truck . 
 two men were trying to shove something-someone-into the trunk of that gray car . 
 veronica ? 
 hell , no . 
 he had his weapon out in less than a second 's time . 
 `` let her go ! '' 
 he roared even as he raced toward the men . 
 a swear broke from one of the men . 
 they dumped veronica into the trunk . 
 one guy tried to slam the lid shut on her . 
 `` i will shoot you ! 
 get away from her ! '' 
 veronica tried to jump out of the trunk . 
 one of the thugs shoved her back inside . 
 i warned you . 
 jasper aimed at the man who 'd pushed veronica . 
 fired . 
 the bullet tore into her attacker 's shoulder , and he stumbled back , screaming . 
 the other man rushed toward the driver 's side . 
 he dived into the vehicle even as veronica leaped out of the trunk . 
 she started running toward jasper as the driver rushed away with a screech of burning rubber . 
 the driver thought he was getting away . 
 just leaving his bleeding buddy behind . 
 think again . 
 `` get down , veronica ! '' 
 jasper shouted . 
 she instantly hit the pavement . 
 he fired . 
 once . 
 twice . 
 the bullets found their targets as he aimed at back tires . 
 the vehicle was still lurching forward , but the driver was n't getting far , not on those tires . 
 jasper yanked out his phone . 
 he had gunner on the line in less than five seconds . 
 `` got a fleeing vehicle on 59 , back tires are out . '' 
 that was all he 'd need to say . 
 gunner would stop the driver . 
 if not gunner , then one of the other agents in the area . 
 the eod always had his back . 
 jasper kept his weapon out as he hurried toward veronica . 
 the gray car had disappeared around the curve , but jasper knew he 'd be seeing that guy again real soon . 
 but right now , veronica was his priority . 
 she was still lying flat on the ground . 
 `` is it ... okay to move ? '' 
 she called out , voice trembling . 
 he glanced at the man he 'd shot . 
 the guy had slammed his head into the back of the car when he fell , and it looked as though the would-be kidnapper was now out cold . 
 but jasper was n't taking any chances . 
 `` get up , but stay with me . '' 
 she pushed to her feet . 
 in the darkness , he could n't tell much about her or any injuries she might have . 
 `` did they hurt you ? '' 
 veronica shook her head . 
 `` they were - they tried to kidnap me ! '' 
 which did n't make a hell of a lot of sense to him . 
 he headed toward the downed man . 
 veronica 's hesitant steps followed him . 
 his shot had been clean , right in and out of the shoulder . 
 jasper felt for the guy 's pulse . 
 found the steady beat . 
 he searched the guy , taking away a very sharp knife from the sheath on the man 's hip . 
 just what did you plan to do with this ? 
 another car rushed past them . 
 gunner . 
 and jasper could hear yet another vehicle coming from the north , heading in to cut off their escaping kidnapper . 
 no one was getting away . 
 he risked a fast glance back at veronica . 
 her shoulders were hunched . 
 her arms were wrapped around her stomach , as if she were hugging herself . 
 `` did they say anything to you ? '' 
 she hesitated , then shook her head . 
 just what was up with that hesitation ? 
 her gaze was on his gun . 
 the weapon might be making her nervous , but now was n't the time to be putting the weapon up . 
 he 'd keep his weapon at the ready until the scene was secure . 
 he just hated the way veronica looked . 
 shaken . 
 scared . 
 `` you 're safe . '' 
 his words were gruff . 
 her chin jerked up . 
 then she gave a slow nod . 
 that was n't good enough for him . 
 damn if he did n't find himself going closer to her . 
 pulling her against him . 
 holding her with one arm while his other kept his gun aimed at the unconscious man on the ground . 
 `` i wo n't let anyone hurt you , '' he told veronica . 
 he took a breath and caught the sweet scent rising from her hair . 
 honeysuckle . 
 a scent that he remembered from what seemed like a lifetime ago . 
 her arms curled around his waist . 
 `` i thought they were going to kill me . '' 
 they just might have . 
 if he had n't followed his instincts and followed her . 
 but he 'd been in too many tight situations to just ignore the battle-ready tension that served to heighten his senses when danger was near . 
 jasper stared down at veronica . 
 she 'd lost her shoes , and the top of her head barely reached his chin . 
 he was n't sure what was happening-some sick punks who 'd tried to abduct a pretty woman out on her own or ... was this about cale ? 
 the faint wail of a siren sounded in the distance . 
 jasper tensed . 
 who 'd called the cops ? 
 not his team ; they would n't alert anyone local . 
 they liked to handle their business in-house . 
 and veronica did n't exactly have a phone in her hands or wait ... his eyes narrowed yes , she did have a phone clutched in her fingers . 
 he felt the small ridge of her phone pressing against his side . 
 `` veronica , did you call for help ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i texted the sheriff . 
 he did n't believe me about cale , but wyatt was supposed to be patrolling around here tonight . 
 i thought he could help me . '' 
 he could . 
 the cavalry was flying in toward them . 
 jasper knew that he had just a few minutes with veronica before the sheriff arrived . 
 so he had to set up his cover and he had to do it fast . 
 `` he 'll wonder why we 're out here . 
 and i 'm guessing last chance is n't your usual kind of hangout spot . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` do n't tell him you just hired yourself a mercenary . '' 
 he did n't want the sheriff getting in his way . 
 in fact , the eod would have to take steps to move him out of their way . 
 `` tell him we 're together . 
 i 'm an old friend . '' 
 `` a friend of cale 's , '' she whispered . 
 `` right . '' 
 the attempted kidnapping had just changed his plans . 
 i have to stay close to her . 
 `` if he asks , tell the sheriff that i 'm staying at the ranch with you . '' 
 `` i do n't know ... '' veronica began as she tried to ease away from him . 
 jasper just held her tighter . 
 `` after what just happened , do you really want to go back to the ranch alone tonight ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 good answer . 
 because he was n't in the mood to force his way inside the ranch , but if he had to do it , he would . 
 paired with cale 's disappearance , the kidnapping was just too much of a coincidence for him to handle . 
 he 'd never liked coincidences . 
 but since he had her agreement , jasper eased his hold on veronica . 
 only she did n't step back . 
 `` thank you , '' she told him . 
 the words were soft . 
 whispered from between her lips . 
 lips that he was suddenly way too aware of in that moment . 
 his heart was racing , his muscles locked and tight as adrenaline burned through him . 
 `` thank you for saving me . '' 
 he did n't want her thanks , but jasper was uncomfortably aware that he wanted her . 
 since that first look in the bar , he 'd wanted her , wanted the one woman he was about to betray . 
 fate always enjoyed playing her games with him . 
 he offered veronica a smile and hoped the darkness hid the intensity of his eyes . 
 `` hey , you 'd already called the sheriff . '' 
 a sheriff who was coming closer and closer with each passing moment . 
 `` seems like you were doing a fine job of saving yourself . '' 
 the scream of the siren was nearly upon them . 
 the flashing lights from the sheriff 's car illuminated the scene . 
 the fact that jasper was holding a weapon meant he could expect a loud - brakes squealed . 
 the sheriff jumped from his car and yelled , `` drop your weapon ! 
 get away from the woman ! '' 
 only the woman in question was n't exactly trying to get away from him . 
 veronica positioned her body in front of jasper 's . 
 `` he saved me ! 
 wyatt , stop ! 
 jasper is n't the bad guy ! '' 
 oh , if she only knew . 
 but jasper knew how to play the game . 
 he dropped his weapon , one of his weapons , anyway , and put his hands up . 
 `` two men tried to kidnap me ! '' 
 veronica rushed to explain . 
 `` this guy over here ... '' she jerked her thumb to the man on the ground . 
 `` and another guy . 
 they forced me off the road . 
 jasper stopped them before they could drive away with me ! '' 
 `` another guy ? '' 
 the sheriff repeated . 
 jasper could n't tell much about the man ; he was behind the lights , and his body was covered by the darkness . 
 `` what guy ? '' 
 `` this guy , '' came gunner 's familiar voice as he walked out of the darkness . 
 the perp was in front of him , taking slow , sullen steps . 
 the sheriff swore and jerked his gun toward gunner . 
 this was probably as much excitement he 'd ever seen out on that highway . 
 pulling over drunks versus catching kidnappers . 
 yeah , the normal routine had just been blown away . 
 `` easy , '' gunner said to the sheriff , voice deadly soft . 
 `` i 've got the man subdued . '' 
 the perp 's hands were behind his back , and jasper had no doubt they were cuffed . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 the sheriff demanded , his gaze locked on gunner-or what he could see of gunner . 
 `` i 'm a federal agent , '' gunner said , flashing his id very , very fast . 
 mostly because it was n't legit . 
 sure , they were federal agents , but they did n't exactly carry around id that would ever tie them back to the eod . 
 `` you an agent , too ? '' 
 the sheriff asked as he swung his attention back to jasper . 
 `` no , he 's a friend of mine , '' veronica said before jasper could respond . 
 it was a good thing that she was so quick to reply . 
 it saved jasper from having to tell a lie in front of her . 
 the sheriff began to slowly lower his gun . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 i was just patrolling a few miles away ... what the hell is going on here ? '' 
 `` that 's what i 'd like to know . '' 
 jasper glanced at gunner 's prisoner . 
 the man 's body was stiff , angry . 
 did the guy think he was tough ? 
 jasper had broken plenty of tough targets in his time . 
 this guy would fall , too , and jasper would find out just why the men had been after veronica . 
 * * * it was n't her first time at the small sheriff 's station in whiskey ridge , texas . 
 but it was the first time that she 'd been afraid of the men who stood in the nine-by-twelve-foot cell . 
 veronica edged back , deliberately placing her body close to jasper 's . 
 he was talking to his buddy , the guy who was some kind of federal agent . 
 the man-gunner something-said that he 'd been on his way to meet jasper for a drink when he got the call about the attack on the road . 
 wyatt was pacing nervously in front of the prisoners . 
 his hair , short and black , jutted out at odd angles , the result of him running desperate fingers over his head . 
 he kept casting worried looks at veronica every few minutes , and he 'd already asked at least a dozen times , `` sure you 're all right ? '' 
 other than a few bruises , she was fine . 
 things could have been much worse , and she knew it . 
 `` you got a permit for that weapon ? '' 
 wyatt demanded of jasper . 
 wyatt 's dark eyes had narrowed . 
 jasper nodded . 
 veronica 's hands fisted . 
 `` i do n't think that 's the priority here . '' 
 she knew wyatt was a by-the-book guy , but did n't an attempted kidnapping trump a weapons charge ? 
 wyatt flushed , but held his ground . 
 `` those guys are n't talking . '' 
 his thumb jerked over his shoulder toward the cell . 
 `` not a damn word . 
 i 'm running their prints , so we should at least know who the hell they are soon . '' 
 she risked a look at the men and found them both glaring at her . 
 the town 's doc had come in and patched up the injured man . 
 the bullet had gone straight through his shoulder . 
 easy in and out . 
 but the concussion he 'd received when his head slammed into the trunk had him dazed . 
 `` those were some damn fine shots , '' wyatt said , but the words were n't a compliment . 
 they reeked of suspicion . 
 `` one blast to the shoulder , two shots that both hit the tires of a moving vehicle . '' 
 `` the vehicle was n't exactly moving fast , '' jasper murmured . 
 `` the driver was just pulling off when i made the hits . '' 
 she just remembered the smell of burnt rubber . 
 the squeal of tires . 
 the thunder of the shots . 
 veronica cut her gaze back to the sheriff . 
 wyatt was frowning . 
 his face was n't as hard as jasper 's . 
 his features were softer , rounder , with a few more lines around the eyes . 
 he was good-looking , when he was n't sweating bullets-which he was doing right then . 
 but despite his sweat and tension , wyatt 's stare was knowing as it lingered on jasper . 
 `` you 're real comfortable with a gun . '' 
 she did n't like where this was going . 
 `` that 's because he 's a former army ranger . 
 he served in the military with ... with cale . '' 
 that revelation had both of wyatt 's brows rising . 
 `` did he now . '' 
 that news had just led to even more suspicion in his gaze . 
 not what she 'd wanted to happen . 
 `` i was just ... i 'd been going through some old photographs of cale 's recently , hoping to find something that might help me locate him . '' 
 that was one hundred percent true . 
 she 'd dug out every photograph she could find , desperate for any clue , no matter how small . 
 `` i saw jasper in some of the photos , and i remembered how close he and jasper used to be . '' 
 again , all true . 
 she 'd seen jasper 's photograph , remembered just how deadly cale had said that the ex-ranger had been , and she 'd known that she needed a man like jasper to help her . 
 a bit of checking on her computer , and she 'd realized fate was on her side . 
 jasper had been in the area . 
 `` so she called me up , '' jasper said , interrupting easily and just taking up the story now . 
 `` we got to talking , i came here ... '' his fingers slid down her arm . 
 `` one thing led to another . 
 i 'm sure you know how that can be . '' 
 wyatt 's jaw locked . 
 `` but what brought you out on that road tonight ? 
 when you were supposed to meet your friend at last chance ? '' 
 there was n't a whole lot of privacy to be found in the sheriff 's station , but they 'd moved far enough away from the prisoners so that the jailed men could n't hear their quiet words . 
 veronica was glad to be away from those men . 
 the intensity of their stares unnerved her . 
 they tried to kidnap me . 
 she 'd never come that close to violence like that before . 
 never had violence actually directed at her . 
 cale had always protected her from everything and everyone . 
 cale was n't there anymore . 
 `` even though my friend was coming , i did n't want veronica driving home alone . 
 i figured gunner could wait a bit . '' 
 jasper reached for her hand . 
 shocked her when he lifted her fingers to his mouth and brushed a light kiss over her knuckles . 
 `` so i followed her , and i 'm damn glad that i did . '' 
 her heart had slammed into her chest . 
 i 'm glad , too . 
 `` i want to talk with these prisoners , '' gunner suddenly said . 
 `` alone . '' 
 wyatt tensed , then glanced over at the deputy who was on duty that night , a young guy with pale skin and wide eyes . 
 she knew the deputy well , as well as she knew wyatt . 
 deputy jimmy jones had lived in whiskey ridge his whole life . 
 quiet , shy , but the twenty-two-year-old was fierce about protecting those in his county . 
 when she 'd first met jimmy , she 'd felt much sympathy for him because the boy he 'd been ... well , his life had been a nightmare . 
 but jimmy had pulled himself out of that darkness , and now he was fighting to be better , stronger . 
 `` why are you wanting to talk to my prisoners without me present ? '' 
 wyatt asked . 
 `` that 's not what i 'd call regular - '' gunner lifted out his id again . 
 `` i want to talk to them because i think they might fit it on my case . '' 
 a brief pause , then , `` they fit the profile of some men i 've been tracking with the fbi . '' 
 they did ? 
 that was news to veronica . 
 jasper 's fingers tightened around hers . 
 `` let me talk to them and see if we need to take over jurisdiction here . '' 
 gunner shrugged and walked toward the glaring men in the cell . 
 `` if i can tie them to the other abductions ... '' he said this part loudly , deliberately so , or at least that was what veronica thought . 
 the injured man , a wiry guy with light blue eyes and sandy hair , seemed to pale even more . 
 then , for the first time , he spoke , shouting , `` we did n't take anyone ! '' 
 `` anyone else , you mean , '' gunner corrected . 
 then he glanced over his shoulder at wyatt . 
 `` give me some time with them , alone . 
 i 'll find out everything i need to know in my interrogation . '' 
 jasper nodded , as if granting his permission . 
 veronica frowned , but jasper said , `` you take care of them , gunner , and i 'll take veronica home . '' 
 home ? 
 but wyatt was nodding now , too . 
 well , was n't it great that they were all in agreement ? 
 she was breaking apart on the inside , and they 'd formed some sort of guys ' club . 
 `` you do need to head home , veronica , '' wyatt told her . 
 `` we 'll take care of these men . '' 
 she did n't move . 
 her gaze had turned back to the two men . 
 their faces were now etched in her memory . 
 they were young , younger than she 'd suspected when their car had first slammed into hers . 
 they barely looked twenty . 
 one still had acne . 
 and they were sweating . 
 more so than wyatt . 
 they looked afraid and as she swept a fast glance at the man called gunner , she realized that they should be afraid . 
 jasper was danger wrapped up in a handsome package . 
 gunner ... he was just lethal . 
 an icy intensity burned in his dark eyes , and his hard features hinted at the hell he must have seen over the years . 
 this was a man well acquainted with death and darkness . 
 this was a man who scared her . 
 her breath eased out slowly . 
 despite the fact that both jasper and wyatt wanted her to head home , veronica wanted to stay . 
 she wanted to face these men and find out just why they 'd tried to take her . 
 `` you ca n't hide from the dark . '' 
 another rule from her brother . 
 `` the night comes whether you want it to or not . '' 
 he 'd first spouted that one when she was seven and terrified of monsters . 
 she 'd wanted to hide in her closet . 
 now she knew that hiding did no good . 
 the monsters , the real ones , could find you no matter where you went . 
 she took a deep breath and headed toward that cell . 
 jasper tensed and gritted , `` veronica . '' 
 she kept walking and only stopped when she was a foot away from the bars . 
 `` why ? '' 
 the injured man flinched . 
 `` why did you hit my car ? 
 why did you try to take me ? '' 
 they 'd both had knives . 
 both had threatened her with them , but the blades had never sliced her skin . 
 wyatt grabbed her arm . 
 `` you ca n't do this . '' 
 um , she was doing this . 
 because she was n't a coward . 
 these men would n't make her cower in the dark . 
 the night comes ... wyatt tried to pull her toward him . 
 `` there are rules about questioning suspects . 
 they have rights . 
 you ca n't just - '' `` i have rights , too , '' she snapped back at him as a sharp burst of anger filled her chest , driving right past the chilling fear that she 'd known for the past few hours . 
 `` i think i have the right not to be stuffed in the back of a trunk on a saturday night . '' 
 `` she does have that right , '' gunner murmured . 
 her gaze cut to his . 
 it almost looked as if he was about to smile . 
 `` do you want these bozos getting released on some technicality that a lawyer tosses up at us ? 
 some b.s. about them not having counsel ? '' 
 wyatt 's tension had doubled . 
 as far as she knew , the men had n't asked for lawyers . 
 they had n't asked for anything . 
 `` i 've got this , '' wyatt told her , voice deepening . 
 `` let me do my job , okay ? 
 trust me . '' 
 but he had n't done his job before . 
 when her brother had vanished , he 'd done nothing . 
 she pulled away from him , stared once more at the men . 
 jasper was n't saying anything . 
 he 'd just come up to stand behind her . 
 silent . 
 strong . 
 when her brother had n't come back after a few weeks , she 'd started digging . 
 pushing . 
 pushing as hard as she could as she dug into his life and the faint trail that he 'd left behind . 
 had someone tried to push back ? 
 `` is this about cale ? '' 
 she asked softly . 
 she saw the injured man 's eyelids flicker . 
 her heart seemed to stop . 
 then it raced , faster and faster with each second that ticked by . 
 `` do you know where he is ? '' 
 veronica demanded , and she lunged for the bars . 
 jasper grabbed her , wrapping his arms around her stomach and hauling her back against him . 
 the men in the cell were smirking now . 
 the taller one , the one with dark brown hair , took a step toward her . 
 `` do n't know your brother . '' 
 jasper 's hands squeezed her tighter . 
 through numb lips , she managed to say , `` i never said cale was my brother . '' 
 that made the smirk vanish . 
 the guy 's eyes cut to wyatt and blazed a wild blue . 
 `` we want a lawyer , now . '' 
 `` tell me about my brother ! '' 
 veronica yelled back . 
 jasper pulled her even closer against him . 
 she could feel the rock-hard muscles of his abs against her back . 
 his head lowered . 
 `` easy , '' he whispered in her ear . 
 did it look as if she could take this easy ? 
 the guy had just admitted to knowing her brother . 
 random abduction ? 
 no way . 
 no . 
 way . 
 wyatt slammed his hand against the bars . 
 `` veronica . '' 
 jasper growled . 
 `` watch that tone , sheriff . '' 
 wyatt shoved both of his hands into his hair . 
 `` they asked for a lawyer . 
 we have to get them one . '' 
 he pointed to the deputy . 
 `` go get tanner dempsey . 
 he still occasionally practices some defense over in dallas . '' 
 as far as veronica knew , tanner dempsey was the only lawyer within a two-hundred-mile radius . 
 she 'd thought he gave up law after he 'd lost that last big case in dallas , but maybe anyone with a law license would do right now . 
 when jimmy rushed to the back of the station , and the back exit , wyatt glanced at veronica . 
 heaving a sigh , the sheriff waved toward his office . 
 `` go cool down in there . 
 when tanner gets here - '' `` it 's the middle of the night , '' veronica said , shaking her head . 
 `` there 's no telling how long it will take tanner to get here . '' 
 provided he was even in town . 
 a muscle flexed in wyatt 's jaw . 
 `` they are n't going anywhere , '' he gritted . 
 `` and if you do n't want to go home , then at least get in my office . 
 you ca n't be near these prisoners . '' 
 now she was the one to glare at the men in that cell . 
 `` do n't worry , '' gunner 's rumbling voice promised , `` i 'll find out exactly why these men tried to abduct you . '' 
 of course , she wanted to know why the men had targeted her , but right now her priority was finding cale . 
 `` i just want my brother back . '' 
 `` this is a lead , '' jasper whispered in her ear . 
 `` settle down . 
 we can make this work for us . '' 
 settling down was n't exactly easy . 
 not after everything that had happened . 
 he led her toward the sheriff 's office . 
 as they walked away , she saw gunner taking out his phone and heading for the station 's front doors . 
 `` where 's he going ? '' 
 she asked . 
 the prisoners were the other way . 
 he was n't going to find out much by heading outside . 
 `` he 'll be checking in with his superiors . 
 briefing them on what 's happening . '' 
 oh , right . 
 gunner had said that he was already working some abductions in the area . 
 jasper shut the door behind them and exhaled on a hard breath . 
 she rubbed her arms , feeling chilled as the air blew down on her from the vent overhead . 
 his finger rose and traced over her arms , making goose bumps . 
 `` are you sure you 're all right ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 she could n't hear any sounds from the outer area . 
 the blinds were all shut in wyatt 's office , effectively closing them off and giving them a bit of privacy . 
 `` when i saw the crash and those guys trying to stuff you in that trunk ... '' his hand fell away from her . 
 `` you scared me . '' 
 she blinked at his words , taken aback . 
 `` i scared you ? 
 i did n't think anything could scare someone like you . '' 
 he stared at her intently , like a snake targeting his prey . 
 `` a guy like me ? '' 
 she 'd said the wrong thing . 
 she was nervous and scared and when he was this close , she just felt hyperaware of him . 
 veronica shifted from one high heel to the other . 
 she really hated these shoes . 
 `` you know what you are . 
 you 've seen so much . 
 done so much . 
 you 've - '' `` killed ? '' 
 there it was . 
 he 'd just tossed it right out . 
 so she would n't back down . 
 `` yes . '' 
 his pupils seemed to expand , the darkness taking over the green of his eyes . 
 `` every man can know fear , but you ca n't ever let that fear stop you . '' 
 sounded as though he had his own set of rules to follow . 
 `` i said i 'd help you . '' 
 he took a step forward . 
 she refused to retreat . 
 so he just got ... very close to her . 
 her breath came a little faster . 
 her mouth seemed to go dry . 
 especially when he added , `` but my help has conditions . '' 
 `` conditions ? '' 
 she had to tilt her head back to better meet his gaze . 
 `` you hired me to find your brother , but you did n't say anything about your own life being at risk . '' 
 `` th-that 's because i did n't think i was at risk . '' 
 and , dang it all , her stutter had come back . 
 she 'd tried so hard to defeat that stutter over the years , but when she got too nervous , it still slipped out . 
 being around jasper , yes , he made her too nervous . 
 `` someone just tried to abduct you . 
 i 'd say that definitely puts you in the ` at risk ' category . '' 
 she tried to get him back on track . 
 `` they know my brother . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` they 're a lead for us ! '' 
 another nod . 
 she was n't sure where this was going , so veronica just asked , `` are you ... do you not want to help me anymore because of the attack ? '' 
 while she waited on his response , she pretty much held her breath . 
 do n't back away , do n't back away , do n't - the faint lines around his eyes deepened . 
 `` i do n't back off a job , no matter what . 
 you should remember that . '' 
 um , okay . 
 she would . 
 she tended to have a very good memory . 
 `` the fact that you seem to be in danger , that means that i 'm gon na be staying close to you , real close . '' 
 he was already close . 
 so close that she could feel the heat of his body against hers . 
 `` i 'll find cale , but i 'm not going to risk you in the process . '' 
 a mercenary with a heart ? 
 she was n't surprised . 
 cale had a good heart , too , despite what the rest of the world seemed to think . 
 `` will you trust me ? '' 
 jasper asked her . 
 she nodded . 
 at this point , he was the only one she could trust . 
 no one else had been willing to help her . 
 only jasper . 
 his pupils had definitely gotten bigger . 
 they almost swallowed the green of his eyes . 
 `` good . '' 
 then his fingers were under her chin . 
 his head was bending toward her . 
 was he ... was he about to kiss her ? 
 veronica was pretty sure she 'd had this dream once , only she had n't been recovering from a near kidnapping in the dream . 
 `` i wo n't let you get hurt , '' he promised . 
 his voice was rough and dark , the way that she thought it would sound when he was in bed with a woman , whispering in the night . 
 her gaze fell to his mouth . 
 she wanted him to kiss her . 
 she arched toward him . 
 maybe she even rose onto her tiptoes . 
 he was n't closing the distance between them . 
 i want to kiss him . 
 maybe it was the adrenaline and the fear still pumping through her . 
 whatever it was , in that one instant , veronica felt a little bit wild . 
 wild enough to curl her hands around his shoulders . 
 to pull him down against her and to press her lips against his . 
 his lips were firm and a little cool . 
 and they were opening beneath hers . 
 she 'd initiated the kiss , but jasper quickly took over . 
 his lips hardened on hers , and his tongue swept inside her mouth , sliding right past her lips . 
 he did n't rush the kiss . 
 did n't try to take too much from her , too fast . 
 he explored . 
 he tasted . 
 he made her knees feel a little bit weak , and he made her smell smoke . 
 smell ... smoke ? 
 jasper pulled his head away from hers . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 he whirled away and yanked open the office door . 
 over his shoulder , veronica caught a glimpse of wyatt rushing toward them . 
 `` get out of here ! '' 
 wyatt yelled . 
 he had keys in his hand . 
 `` the storage room in the back is burning ! '' 
 then veronica heard the crackles of flames . 
 an explosion shook the building , reverberating with a stunning echo even as a blast of heat seemed to lance over her skin . 
 before she could do more than suck in a shocked breath , jasper was hauling her out of the office and away from the flames-flames that were n't just in the back room any longer . 
 the flames were spreading around the station , burning with deadly ferocity . 
 burning . 
 everything around them was burning as greedy flames leaped across the station , destroying everything in their path . 
 chapter three `` keep her safe , '' jasper barked as he pushed veronica toward gunner . 
 the sniper had just come back through the station 's front door , rushing toward the flames , and his timing was pretty damn perfect . 
 jasper wanted a guard on veronica while he went back in to help the sheriff , and gunner was one of the best guards that jasper had ever met . 
 gunner nodded , but his gaze drifted back to the flames . 
 jasper knew that gunner wanted to be the one running back inside . 
 the guy was always drawn to the fire . 
 one of his good points . 
 and his weaknesses . 
 `` jasper ! '' 
 veronica called his name as he ran back inside . 
 he did n't stop . 
 wyatt would need another pair of hands to get those prisoners out of that burning building . 
 the fire was n't one that would be controlled easily . 
 he 'd heard that explosion , a too-familiar sound . 
 the initial flames in the storage room had been a diversion . 
 the detonation he 'd heard had been deliberate . 
 a trap . 
 a premeditated inferno . 
 once he made it back to the holding area , jasper saw that wyatt had his gun on the prisoners . 
 he 'd already cuffed them and was trying to lead them outside . 
 he could n't do the job alone . 
 jasper grabbed the first guy , then ducked low to try to get some fresh air into his lungs . 
 `` get your butt out of here ! '' 
 he ordered the guy . 
 wyatt whirled on him . 
 `` the deputy ... jimmy ... he came back ... i 've got to find him ... '' jasper nodded grimly . 
 `` i 've got these two . '' 
 the would-be kidnappers were shaking with their fear . 
 they just wanted to get away from the fire . 
 they were n't planning an attack on him . 
 the sheriff coughed . 
 he started to hand jasper his gun , then hesitated . 
 `` there 's a federal agent ... '' jasper covered his mouth . 
 the flames were getting worse . 
 the sprinklers had shot on overhead , but they were n't doing much of a job at stopping the flames . 
 `` the agent 's right outside . '' 
 and one is right in front of you . 
 `` you can count on us . '' 
 the sheriff gave him the gun . 
 jasper led out the two prisoners . 
 he cast one quick look back at the sheriff . 
 he sure hoped that wyatt knew what he was doing . 
 jasper did n't like leaving any man to the flames . 
 leaving a man behind-that was n't the way he was programmed to operate . 
 the prisoners rushed outside . 
 and , as he 'd expected , gunner was there , waiting on them . 
 gunner had his gun drawn and a fierce do n't try anything expression etched on his face . 
 jasper glanced back at the station 's door . 
 where was the sheriff ? 
 would he come out the front or make his way out the back ? 
 he 'd go check , make sure everyone was safe and - gunfire ripped through the night . 
 one blast . 
 two . 
 the two prisoners fell instantly . 
 blood bloomed on their chests and their bodies hit the pavement . 
 swearing , jasper leaped forward and slammed his body into veronica 's . 
 they fell to the ground , and he kept her covered , using his body as a shield . 
 at any moment , he expected to hear the blast of more gunfire , and he expected to feel bullets slam into his back . 
 `` gunner ! '' 
 jasper bellowed . 
 his yell was an order . 
 jasper would protect veronica , and gunner would find the shooter . 
 keeping his body over veronica 's , jasper led her behind his parked truck . 
 it was n't much in the way of shelter , but it was better than nothing . 
 an old garage was at their back , the truck in front of them . 
 jasper 's head turned toward the men on the ground . 
 they were n't moving , and that dark bloom on their chests told him that he would n't be getting any more information from them . 
 heart shots . 
 both of them . 
 dead-on . 
 just ... dead . 
 veronica was silent beneath him . 
 he heard footsteps pounding toward him and he looked up to see an ash-covered wyatt racing across the station 's small parking lot . 
 the deputy-pale , with wide eyes-was right on his heels . 
 the men were right out in the open . 
 perfect targets . 
 `` get down ! '' 
 jasper roared at them . 
 `` we 've got a shooter . '' 
 a very skilled shooter who 'd just taken out two men who were less than five feet away from jasper . 
 two men ... but after those hits , the gunman had n't fired another shot . 
 gunner and veronica were the two who 'd been out in the open the longest . 
 he did n't aim for us . 
 he 'd waited and taken the shots when his real targets came out of the sheriff 's station . 
 `` stay low , '' jasper ordered veronica as he finally lifted his body off hers . 
 `` keep your head down , '' he told her because the last thing he wanted was for her to become a target . 
 she grabbed his hand when he turned to leave . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 there was a scratch on her cheek , and her palms looked red and raw . 
 jasper knew the injuries had come from the impact , when he 'd shoved her to the ground . 
 just for a second , his fingers brushed over the scrapes on her palm . 
 then he told her the truth , `` i 'm going hunting . '' 
 because that was what he did best . 
 her face tensed , but he did n't hesitate any longer . 
 he got his weapon ready and eased away from his cover . 
 he knew where the gunfire had come from . 
 he 'd been trained to track back to the source of a shot . 
 in the dead of night like this , no one else was around , so the tracking was even easier for him . 
 a fast glance assured him that the little strip in town was deserted . 
 flames kept crackling , and jasper did n't even know where the fire department was , but he sure hoped wyatt was calling for help . 
 moving with barely a whisper of sound , jasper headed up to the right . 
 he caught a glimpse of gunner , moving fast in the same direction . 
 they were both closing in on their prey . 
 the angle of the shots , the trajectory-they knew where their shooter should be . 
 only when they closed in , he was n't there . 
 no one was there . 
 jasper spun around , searching the darkness . 
 damn it . 
 a car or motorcycle could have crept quietly away , its movements easily covered by the crackle of the flames . 
 if the shooter had escaped in a vehicle , they would n't be able to tell for sure in the darkness . 
 when morning came , they 'd be able to check in the light . 
 look for tracks in the dirt roads and gravel and - thunder rumbled , and it was definitely thunder this time , not another gunshot . 
 his teeth snapped together . 
 rain would destroy any tracks . 
 hell , hell , hell . 
 the shooter was about to have one lucky getaway . 
 `` are we clear ? '' 
 that had to be the deputy 's voice . 
 cutting high with fear and trembling in the night . 
 `` is it safe to come out ? '' 
 jasper and gunner shared a long look . 
 they might be clear , for the moment , but the killer had just sent them one blunt message . 
 i 'm here . 
 i 'm watching . 
 i 'm killing . 
 the shooter had just executed two men right in front of eod agents . 
 the guy was n't playing . 
 that was fine , because jasper was n't playing , he would find the killer . 
 find him . 
 stop him . 
 permanently . 
 the flames were still raging . 
 jasper tucked the gun in the back of his jeans . 
 he needed to find some water , some hoses . 
 do whatever he could to stop that fire until backup arrived . 
 he returned to the bodies and found wyatt crouched over the men . 
 the sheriff gave a sad shake of his head as he felt for a pulse along the necks of the fallen men . 
 the backup will be too late . 
 no emts would be able to save these guys . 
 someone had n't wanted the men to talk . 
 so now they 'd never say another word to anyone . 
 * * * the storm hit just before dawn , rushing in with heavy rain and strong winds . 
 the weather forecaster had warned that they 'd be in for some hard weather for the next week . 
 no one had warned that death would be coming , too . 
 veronica opened the door to the main ranch house . 
 the lights flickered on instantly , part of the security system that cale had installed . 
 the alarm began to beep , signaling that the door had been opened . 
 jasper followed behind her , shaking his booted heels , then heading inside the foyer . 
 the big house seemed smaller the instant he entered . 
 she hurried forward and reset the alarm . 
 `` we should ... um ... you can have the room at the top of the stairs . '' 
 she waved her hand vaguely toward the staircase . 
 `` it 's cale 's room , and since he 's not here ... '' where are you , cale ? '' 
 ... he wo n't mind you using it , '' she finished quietly . 
 jasper nodded and just kept watching her with that too-intense stare . 
 she almost felt as if his stare saw right through her , to the insecure girl she kept holed up inside . 
 `` i-i 'm going to shower . '' 
 she hated that stutter . 
 for the most part , she could control it , but when jasper turned that laserlike gaze of his on her , she got too nervous . 
 veronica turned away from him , determined to keep her composure . 
 at least for a little while longer . 
 those men were dead . 
 shot , right in front of her . 
 she 'd seen the injured man 's face when the bullet hit him . 
 the horror . 
 the flash of pain . 
 then ... the mask of death . 
 veronica rubbed her chilled arms and told jasper , `` the kitchen 's down the hallway . 
 you can help yourself to - '' `` that 's it ? '' 
 veronica glanced back at him . 
 he was stalking toward her . 
 looking sexy and dangerous with a faint line of stubble coating his jaw . 
 `` you seen a lot of death , veronica lane ? '' 
 jasper asked in that deep , rumbling voice of his . 
 not a lot . 
 some . 
 more than she wanted to see . 
 was n't that the way it was for people ? 
 `` because when most folks see two men get shot to death in front of them , they do n't turn to ice . '' 
 they did if the ice was the only thing that could protect them . 
 `` make me understand you . '' 
 his voice was gruff now . 
 and there it was . 
 he was looking at her as if she was off , different . 
 story of her life . 
 everyone but cale had always thought she was different . 
 too quiet . 
 too shy . 
 too ... well , everything . 
 forcing her spine to straighten , veronica held jasper 's gaze . 
 she did n't owe him any explanations . 
 he 'd been hired to do a job , simple as that . 
 she did n't divulge her personal history to anyone because it was personal . 
 but he 'd put his body over hers . 
 covered her and been willing to take a bullet to keep her safe . 
 she remembered the feel of his body against hers . 
 strong muscles , hard flesh . 
 his breath had whispered near her ear . 
 he 'd held her tight , shielding her from the gunfire . 
 jasper risking his life in order to keep her safe-that had n't exactly been covered in their one-thousand-dollar-a-day deal that had been brokered before she 'd left last chance . 
 so , maybe , definitely , she did owe the guy some kind of explanation . 
 she 'd bare her soul to him , as she had n't done to anyone else . 
 `` i 've seen dead bodies before . '' 
 she pressed her lips together . 
 this was n't a memory she enjoyed visiting . 
 `` my parents died in a car accident when i was six . '' 
 `` cale mentioned - '' `` i was in the backseat . '' 
 her words tumbled over his because she wanted to get this story out as quickly as she could . 
 if she said it fast , then maybe she would n't have to think about it too long . 
 maybe it would n't hurt so much . 
 `` we were on our way to pick up cale from his soccer game . '' 
 as soon as the car had stopped rolling , the silence had hit her . 
 then she 'd screamed . 
 she 'd known something was wrong with her mother right away . 
 she 'd called for her , but her mother had n't answered . 
 her dad had . 
 his voice had been weak as he 'd told her , `` do n't cry , baby . 
 do n't cry . '' 
 she had n't been able to stop . 
 she 'd cried and cried - especially when her dad had stopped talking to her . 
 `` the other driver was drunk . 
 he was knocked unconscious when the cars hit and he ... it took him a while to wake up . '' 
 and to make his way to her car . 
 to find the screaming child trapped in the back . 
 jasper 's arms were around her . 
 he hauled her close . 
 she could feel the rapid beating of his heart against her . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 so was she . 
 `` i did n't know you were - cale never mentioned you were in the car . '' 
 because cale liked to pretend that she had n't been . 
 or that she did n't remember . 
 that she 'd never seen blood and death . 
 that she had n't known fear . 
 that all the years in foster care had n't existed for either of them . 
 but you could n't just wipe away the past . 
 she forced herself to step back from jasper even though the warmth of his arms was so tempting . 
 `` so i 've seen death before , but ... but i was n't ready for what i saw tonight . '' 
 who could be ? 
 she saw again the horror in that man 's eyes . 
 the pain . 
 then ... nothing . 
 `` the fact that i do n't break down , it does n't mean i do n't care . '' 
 `` it just means you 're strong , '' he said . 
 strong ? 
 not many people had called her that before . 
 cale was the strong one . 
 she was the smart one . 
 at least , those were the tags they 'd been given in foster care . 
 but she 'd told him enough about herself for now , and he was n't trying to break through the ice that shielded her any longer . 
 she swallowed and tried to focus less on death . 
 i do n't want to keep seeing that man 's eyes go blank . 
 `` that special agent ... gunner ... '' the man who 'd stayed behind at the scene while jasper took her home . 
 `` how do you two know each other ? '' 
 she 'd been distracted before , had n't even really processed that an fbi agent had appeared at her kidnapping scene . 
 talk about some luck . 
 she 'd known that jasper had connections she could use ; she just had n't expected to use those connections instantly . 
 `` i do some freelance work for the government . '' 
 his answer came easily . 
 his gaze held hers . 
 `` gunner and i have worked together on missions in the past . '' 
 the words held the ring of truth , but then , why would she even think that he 'd lie to her ? 
 so far , he 'd done nothing but save her . 
 `` he 'll tell you what he finds out about those men ? '' 
 jasper nodded . 
 `` why do you think they were shot ? '' 
 she was exhausted . 
 her body hurt . 
 but she could n't stop talking . 
 the questions she was asking him ... part of the reason why she was bringing them up was that she wanted to steer him away from her parents . 
 her past . 
 that wound was still raw . 
 `` they 're dead because someone wanted to make sure they did n't talk . '' 
 she thought so , too . 
 `` about cale ? '' 
 he did n't answer . 
 maybe that was answer enough . 
 bracing herself , she asked , `` do you think my brother is dead ? '' 
 had he been shot like those two men , gunned down with no warning ? 
 no time to fight or plead or live ? 
 he took a step away from her . 
 `` i absolutely think cale is alive . '' 
 finally , she could pull in a deep breath . 
 `` i swear to you , i will find him . '' 
 she believed him . 
 veronica gave him a brief smile , then turned away . 
 she did n't want him to see the tears in her eyes . 
 tears brought on by the memory of her parents , by the violent death she 'd witnessed so recently and by the hope that had her heart almost breaking . 
 * * * gunner watched as the bodies were loaded into the back of the m.e. 's van . 
 the m.e. had driven over from the county office as quickly as he could . 
 dr. lawrence tome had trembled when he touched the bodies with his gloved hands . 
 gravel crunched behind him , but gunner did n't turn at the sound . 
 he stared as the van pulled away , his eyes narrowed . 
 the firefighters were still on-scene-volunteers-lingering as they surveyed the area . 
 an arson investigator would be called in , but at the slow rate that things seemed to run in whiskey ridge , gunner was n't expecting any instant answers . 
 `` you could have been killed . '' 
 the low , angry and distinctly feminine voice was pitched to only reach his ears . 
 from the corner of his eye , he saw sydney sloan cross her arms over her chest , one of her angrier stances . 
 her short blond hair blew lightly in the breeze , tousling around her face . 
 her light green gaze was n't on him . 
 she was watching the firefighters . 
 or pretending to watch them . 
 he knew the full focus of her attention was on him . 
 `` the fire started and i had to - '' `` i 'm not talking about the fire . 
 you ran at the shooter . '' 
 ah , yes , she would have seen that . 
 especially since she 'd been on surveillance duty . 
 `` you did n't seek proper cover , gunner . 
 you did n't follow protocol , you did n't - '' `` i 'm not in the mood for a lecture . '' 
 his words held a bite . 
 she sucked in a tight breath . 
 `` with me , you never seem to be in the mood for anything . '' 
 now , what did she mean by that ? 
 `` you were gutted on the last case . '' 
 he winced at that , but yeah , it was the truth . 
 he had the scars to prove it . 
 so many scars . 
 `` now you 're running headfirst at a killer ? 
 with no cover ? '' 
 her words held the snap of a whip . 
 `` jasper was on the ground , covering the woman . 
 he did n't have your back . 
 you did n't wait for me or anyone else to come and help . 
 you just ... attacked . '' 
 because he was n't the kind to sit back and wait . 
 `` if you 've got some kind of death wish , you could be putting the whole team at risk . '' 
 the team . 
 his team . 
 the shadow agents who worked as a unit in the eod . 
 sydney was part of his team . 
 as was jasper and their field leader , logan quinn . 
 jasper figured that logan would be making an appearance soon , right after he finished his recon work in the area . 
 this case was big . 
 very , very big . 
 all-hands-on-deck big . 
 the eod had sent in their best unit in order to find cale lane , and the shadow agents were n't going to stop until they brought the guy down . 
 shadow agents . 
 they 'd earned that nickname after their first few missions . 
 no one had even seen them move in for their attack . 
 move in like shadows . 
 make no sound . 
 attack . 
 leave without a trace . 
 that was the way the team worked . 
 normally . 
 this was n't a normal situation . 
 this time , they were hunting a killer who 'd targeted some of their own . 
 other eod agents . 
 they were n't shadows this time . 
 they were hunters who wanted their prey to be afraid . 
 `` so do you have a death wish ? '' 
 sydney pressed , and she turned that deep gaze of hers on him . 
 as always , when he stared in her eyes , he felt as if someone had just punched him in the gut . 
 beautiful sydney sloan . 
 untouchable sydney . 
 deadly sydney . 
 `` worried about me ? '' 
 he forced a mocking tone into his voice . 
 `` yes . '' 
 he would n't let his expression change . 
 he 'd always had to keep his guard up with her . 
 off-limits . 
 sydney was n't for him . 
 he knew that . 
 he did n't need his brother 's ghost to remind him . 
 but when he looked at her , he could almost hear slade 's voice . 
 `` i know you want her , man . 
 i 've seen the way you look at her . 
 but she 's mine . 
 she 's going to marry me . '' 
 only sydney had n't married gunner 's brother . 
 because slade ortez had died in the jungle , and gunner had been the man who pulled sydney away from his body . 
 gunner rolled his shoulders and forced his gaze from hers . 
 the sheriff was pacing around the scene , looking furious . 
 he was justified . 
 someone had just blown up his station . 
 gunner was surprised he was keeping any level of cool . 
 sydney kept staring at him . 
 waiting . 
 he could see her from the corner of his eye . 
 the woman never gave up . 
 not on anything . 
 or anyone . 
 `` i do n't have a death wish , '' gunner told her quietly because it was obvious she was n't going to let this drop . 
 `` so do n't go running to logan telling him i 'm dangerous . '' 
 `` that 's not what i meant - '' he knew that . 
 sydney cared-that was the problem for them both . 
 he tried to distract her , saying , `` i did n't even realize you had surveillance set up last night . '' 
 now he felt as though he could glance back at her . 
 `` tell me you caught sight of our killer . '' 
 an image of cale would cement the case against him . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i 'd just installed one camera . 
 thought it might be good to keep eyes on the station . 
 i 'd made it back to base and was testing the equipment when i saw-well , the flames were pretty hard to miss . '' 
 her voice dropped . 
 `` i saw the men fall , then i saw you take off . 
 i knew i could n't get to you fast enough . '' 
 `` i can handle myself . '' 
 she should know that . 
 `` can you ? '' 
 before he could respond to what gunner was sure had to be a deliberate taunt , the sheriff glanced his way . 
 then wyatt began to march toward him . 
 `` wyatt halliday , '' sydney murmured . 
 `` divorced , age thirty-four . 
 did a brief tour in the army , got a ba in criminal justice from texas aandm . 
 got shot in dallas , almost died tracking a perp , and then the guy came out here . 
 guess he was looking for some peace and quiet . '' 
 peace and quiet were n't on the day 's agenda . 
 wyatt huffed as he approached . 
 `` you . '' 
 he jabbed a finger at gunner . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 gunner shrugged . 
 then he inclined his head toward sydney . 
 `` this is special agent sydney sloan . '' 
 that was her title at the eod . 
 he had n't exactly lied to the sheriff just now . 
 he was just letting him believe sydney was a special agent with the fbi . 
 wyatt hesitated . 
 his gaze darted to sydney . 
 lingered just a little too long for gunner 's comfort . 
 `` you wanted to talk ? '' 
 gunner snapped , trying to draw wyatt 's attention away from sydney . 
 wyatt jerked his gaze back to gunner . 
 `` i want to know what 's going on . 
 i got a friend at the bureau . 
 i called him . 
 he said there were n't any missing persons ' cases that fit this attack profile , that he did n't know of a suspected perp who - '' gunner raised his hand . 
 `` i 'm not in town to investigate kidnappings . 
 that was a cover i needed to give until we could get my team better established in whiskey ridge . '' 
 just like his cover with the fbi . 
 but sydney would have put safeguards in place for the fbi bit . 
 if anyone investigated , if the sheriff got too curious , he 'd find that there was a record for a special agent gunner ortez and a record for special agent sydney sloan . 
 sydney was always good at creating the covers . 
 `` then just why are you in town ? '' 
 wyatt pushed . 
 `` and why is my station destroyed ? '' 
 how much should he reveal ? 
 how much did the sheriff already know ? 
 it was hard to get a good read on the man . 
 `` it 's about cale lane , is n't it ? '' 
 wyatt dropped his voice and edged closer . 
 `` veronica was right . 
 something has happened to him . '' 
 not to him so much . 
 with the sheriff 's question , gunner knew how to play the case now . 
 `` we are in town following up on cale 's disappearance . '' 
 wyatt grunted . 
 `` i knew veronica would n't give up . 
 she called you in , did n't she ? '' 
 `` yes , '' sydney said . 
 `` she got our attention . '' 
 well , gunner knew that the lady had certainly gotten jasper 's attention . 
 wyatt glanced over his shoulder at the charred remains of his station . 
 `` what cale does , it 's dangerous . 
 he knows the risks that he takes , but i do n't think veronica ever really understood just how deadly his job could be . '' 
 gunner frowned as he got what wyatt was saying and what he was n't saying . 
 `` he asked you to cover for him . '' 
 a hunch . 
 wyatt gave a grim nod and cut his eyes back to gunner . 
 `` said he 'd be gone longer this time . 
 that the money-it was enough for him to get out of the business . '' 
 the sheriff had n't cared that cale was a hired gun ? 
 `` do n't look that way , '' wyatt said , voice fierce . 
 `` he was working for uncle sam . 
 same as you . 
 same as me ... back before the shooting . '' 
 wyatt had done mercenary work , too ? 
 `` cale said he 'd be gone longer , that the case was big . 
 i thought he was just still working the job . 
 i did n't realize - '' he broke off and shook his head . 
 `` cale lane is my best friend . 
 do you really think i 'd turn my back on him if i thought he was in trouble ? '' 
 it did n't matter what he thought . 
 it only mattered what the evidence showed . 
 all of their evidence was currently showing that cale was the killer who 'd taken out three eod agents-and that he was quite possibly the man who 'd shot the two suspects last night . 
 `` i want you to tell me everything you know about cale lane , '' gunner said . 
 `` every . 
 single . 
 thing . '' 
 because if they were going to catch cale before the man killed again , then they had to get inside his mind . 
 to catch a killer , you had to think like one . 
 chapter four `` why is n't anyone else here ? '' 
 veronica jumped and spun around , her heart racing . 
 jasper stood in the kitchen doorway , wearing a pair of faded jeans that clung low on his waist . 
 and nothing else . 
 his chest rippled with muscles . 
 his shoulders filled that doorway , and veronica had to yank her jaw off the floor . 
 `` veronica ? 
 why 's the ranch deserted ? '' 
 `` b-because it 's not a working ranch . '' 
 not yet . 
 but cale had talked about changing that . 
 `` cale and i-we bought it for the privacy . '' 
 the isolation . 
 `` we have a few horses , and someone comes in to tend to them , but ... '' but it was just her . 
 alone with jasper . 
 `` where do you work ? '' 
 he asked as his gaze swept over her . 
 like him , she was dressed in old jeans , but she also had on a t-shirt . 
 he needed a shirt . 
 her gaze kept falling to his chest . 
 `` my office is down the hallway . 
 third door . '' 
 `` you do all your work from the ranch ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 've got a satellite connection for the internet-that connection is all i need . '' 
 she built websites for doctors , lawyers , schools , writers . 
 anyone who needed the sites designed and maintained . 
 and she did it without having to rush to the city or having to face off with clients . 
 she had a partner in dallas who took care of the pr and marketing end of things . 
 kelly booked the clients , found out just what they needed , and veronica did the building and website coding part of the business . 
 it was a deal that worked well for them both . 
 `` you should n't be out here alone . '' 
 now jasper sounded angry . 
 `` i 've got a security system . '' 
 one that she would not be forgetting to activate ever again . 
 `` i 'm perfectly safe . '' 
 `` out here by yourself ? 
 in the middle of nowhere ? 
 if you needed help , who would get to you before you were dead ? '' 
 now , that was a brutal jab she had n't seen coming . 
 he stalked toward her . 
 `` who would get to you , '' he demanded , voice lowering , `` if you needed help right now ? '' 
 her hands were behind her . 
 curling around the counter . 
 `` i 'm not as defenseless as you seem to think . '' 
 he was trying to scare her . 
 she got that . 
 `` are n't you ? '' 
 jasper pressed . 
 she grabbed the knife that she 'd just used and yanked it in front of her . 
 `` no , i 'm not . '' 
 he smiled , and she had the impression that she 'd actually surprised him . 
 she doubted that much surprised jasper . 
 but then the crazy man grabbed the knife . 
 no , he grabbed her hand as it held the knife 's handle . 
 `` having a weapon and being willing to use it are two different things . '' 
 his breath blew lightly over her . 
 `` would you be willing to kill ? '' 
 no . 
 `` i 'm not looking to kill anyone . '' 
 `` what if someone wants to kill you ? '' 
 he lifted her hand to the counter . 
 she dropped the knife . 
 `` gunner called me , '' jasper told her . 
 `` he ca n't reveal everything about the case , but those two men who were shot last night ? 
 they were hired thugs . 
 their prints came back and matched to a billy ferrell and chuck trout . 
 they 've got a dozen charges on them in dallas . 
 b and e , assault ... '' `` kidnapping ? '' 
 `` no . 
 looks like you 're their first kidnap attempt . 
 but word is that those guys were n't afraid to hire out their services . '' 
 `` you 're saying ... '' she licked her lips . 
 his gaze dropped , heated . 
 he felt the awareness , too . 
 that was a good thing , right ? 
 `` you 're saying they were hired to take me ? '' 
 `` gunner found out that trout 's older brother served in a training unit with cale . 
 back when the men first enlisted . 
 the guy died in combat , but cale just might have kept in touch with his family . '' 
 `` how does gunner know this already ? '' 
 it was just past nine in the morning . 
 `` because the team is good . '' 
 the team ? 
 the fbi ? 
 `` the team might be good , '' she managed . 
 `` but you 're wrong about cale . 
 he would n't pay someone to kidnap me . 
 that does n't even make sense . '' 
 `` you 're asking a lot of questions about his whereabouts . 
 turning over rocks that might need to stay still . 
 maybe he got tired of that scrutiny . '' 
 `` no . 
 this is my brother-i know what i 'm talking about . 
 he did n't hire those men . '' 
 they 'd had knives . 
 they 'd forced her car off the road . 
 no way would cale have sent them after her . 
 jasper held her gaze a beat longer . 
 `` someone hired them . '' 
 `` let gunner and wyatt find that someone . '' 
 she could n't lose her focus . 
 `` we have to find cale . '' 
 she waited a beat and then , because he 'd pushed her buttons and tried to make her doubt the one person who had always been there for her , veronica said , `` that is what i 'm paying you for . '' 
 one blond brow climbed . 
 `` so it is . '' 
 he backed up . 
 she could breathe again . 
 `` and here i thought you might be interested in other ... things . '' 
 he was talking about the kiss . 
 her cheeks flushed . 
 seriously . 
 he 'd just brought that up ? 
 to her face ? 
 `` i was stressed . '' 
 `` um . '' 
 `` adrenaline was surging . 
 i-i did n't even know what i was doing . '' 
 `` sure seemed like you knew to me . '' 
 his gaze dipped to her mouth . 
 `` if you feel the urge to ... have another surge , you let me know . '' 
 she could n't even think of a comeback . 
 `` until then , i 've got some leads to run down . '' 
 leads ? 
 `` i 'm coming with you . '' 
 his gaze narrowed . 
 `` after last night , there 's no way i 'd leave you behind . 
 someone 's targeting you-and until gunner catches that someone , you 're gon na have yourself a full-time guard . '' 
 `` th-that 's not what i 'm paying you for . '' 
 what if he wanted more money ? 
 her resources were close to being tapped out . 
 but he flashed her a wide smile , one that made her heart feel a little funny . 
 `` consider it a bonus , '' he said . 
 `` he 's a tough sob . '' 
 she remembered the words cale had spoken to her the one time she 'd met the two men at a restaurant in dallas . 
 he 'd given her the warning when jasper had slipped away to take a phone call . 
 her gaze must have lingered on jasper 's back for a little too long because her brother had leaned in to tell her ... `` do n't make the mistake of thinking there 's anything soft in there . 
 a guy like him would eat you up and spit you out . '' 
 jasper 's gaze was a little too knowing on her . 
 eat you up . 
 she gulped . 
 `` l-let 's go . '' 
 she tried to head for the door . 
 he grabbed her arm . 
 `` are n't you going to ask about them ? '' 
 them ? 
 she knew what he meant , of course . 
 her gaze lowered to his chest . 
 to the dozens of scars that crisscrossed his tanned flesh . 
 `` you survived . '' 
 simple . 
 the marks did n't detract from his appeal . 
 they just made him look tougher , stronger . 
 the scars were silent testament to all that he 'd survived . 
 `` is there more you want to tell me ? '' 
 because she would listen . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i do n't get you . 
 earlier , i thought i was - i do n't get you . '' 
 most people did n't . 
 story of her life . 
 but she tried to keep her voice light as she said , `` what 's to get ? '' 
 she wanted to lift her hand and trace the white ridge of the scar on his shoulder . 
 or let her fingers slide over the still-red scar on his stomach . 
 a long , thick red line that looked dangerously fresh . 
 `` you 're a survivor . '' 
 `` most women get ... they do n't like the scars . '' 
 she forced herself to hold his stare . 
 `` i 'm not m-most women . '' 
 nothing about him was a turnoff to her . 
 no , he turned her on too much . 
 more than any other man ever had . 
 he was lethal in so many ways . 
 `` no '' was his quiet , thoughtful reply . 
 `` you are n't . '' 
 her hands had fisted . 
 the better not to touch him . 
 but now she saw the curiosity in his eyes . 
 the kind of curiosity a man got when he found a woman he wanted . 
 her breath caught . 
 she did n't know what to do right now . 
 stand there , kiss him or run . 
 since she was largely a coward at heart , she ran . 
 or at least , she walked very , very quickly from the room . 
 and felt his gaze follow her every step . 
 * * * veronica stuttered when she was nervous . 
 he seemed to make her nervous a whole lot . 
 jasper kinda liked her stutter . 
 it was a little sweet and oddly sexy . 
 but he did n't have time to think about her sexy stutter then . 
 for the moment , he had to keep his thoughts on the case . 
 despite the news that gunner had given him about the would-be kidnappers , jasper was n't going to head out of town with veronica . 
 sure , it looked as though the trail might be leading to dallas , but the shooter had been in whiskey ridge hours before . 
 he 'd been right there . 
 so jasper was betting that he was still around . 
 the shooter had just gone to ground . 
 gotten cover . 
 for the time being . 
 `` why are we going back to last chance ? '' 
 veronica asked him , and he saw her tense as she glanced out of the window and toward the smashed fence . 
 had last night 's wreck reminded her of the hell she 'd faced as a child ? 
 he wanted to ask her , but jasper knew he 'd pushed her too much already . 
 `` your brother had a contact at last chance . '' 
 this much was true . 
 jasper also wanted to make sure that contact saw him with veronica . 
 all the better to bait his trap . 
 `` how do you know that ? '' 
 lie , lie , lie . 
 `` because i recognized him when i went into the bar last night . '' 
 `` another army buddy ? '' 
 `` something like that . '' 
 more like a guy who 'd gone awol and gotten tossed in the brig. a guy who knew how to deal dirty . 
 jasper had been surprised to spot the man there , and if veronica had n't been in danger , he would have pushed the guy for information before he 'd left last night . 
 `` it 's the middle of the day . 
 no one is even gon na be in last chance now . '' 
 veronica 's lack of hope was obvious . 
 but he knew something she did n't . 
 `` the owner will be there . '' 
 she turned her head . 
 frowned . 
 `` he 's the one we want . '' 
 they were past the accident scene now . 
 good . 
 it looked as though she was even breathing better . 
 jasper glanced in the rearview mirror . 
 no tails . 
 nothing but empty road . 
 `` why ... why were you fighting last night ? '' 
 ah , he 'd almost forgotten about that little incident . 
 `` the guy thought he could get rough with a waitress . '' 
 his hands tightened around the steering wheel . 
 `` he thought wrong . '' 
 `` so you decided to beat the right thought into him ? '' 
 she sounded censuring . 
 what response had he expected from her ? 
 `` no , i told the guy to back the hell off , but when he took a swing at me , i swung back . '' 
 he glanced toward her . 
 found that bright stare on him . 
 `` i always swing back . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he frowned at that . 
 `` cale told me a few things about you . '' 
 he had ? 
 jasper eased up on the accelerator . 
 he wanted to hear this . 
 `` what did he say ? '' 
 `` mostly that i should stay away from you . '' 
 so cale had seen the way he looked at veronica . 
 one meeting . 
 one two-hour dinner in dallas on a night that felt like a lifetime ago . 
 she 'd been wearing a blue dress that made her eyes even brighter . 
 her hair had been pulled back . 
 she 'd smelled like honeysuckles then , too . 
 he 'd looked at her ... and wanted . 
 when she 'd excused herself for a moment , cale had leaned close . 
 `` she 's not for you . '' 
 that had been all he had said to him . 
 but it seemed he might have said plenty more to her . 
 `` why 'd he tell you to stay away ? '' 
 because he was curious and annoyed . 
 the chemistry between him and veronica was so hot it almost burned him every time she got near . 
 for her brother to keep shoving her in the opposite direction ... `` he said you were too much like him . 
 too dark . 
 too wary of commitment . 
 you were n't the kind of guy who 'd go for the picket-fence routine . '' 
 because he did n't know what the picket-fence routine was . 
 he 'd sure never grown up in that perfect world of baseball games and barbecues . 
 he did n't know a damn thing about that life . 
 so how could he ever give it to a woman like veronica ? 
 `` you always do what cale tells you to do ? '' 
 she did n't speak for a moment ; then she said , `` i 'm here with you now , are n't i ? '' 
 yes , she was . 
 he would n't let his lips curl in satisfaction . 
 she 's a job . 
 do n't forget that . 
 but he could feel himself starting to slide down the slippery slope that would lead to lust and sex and pleasure . 
 want her . 
 he also had one more question for her . 
 `` just how did you know that i was going to be at last chance ? '' 
 another long curve , and then he could see the bar and its empty parking lot , standing stark on the barren landscape . 
 `` it 's a small town . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 the seat belt slid over her shoulder . 
 `` word travels fast . '' 
 that fast ? 
 she slanted him a look from the corner of her eye . 
 `` i actually saw you in tom 's diner , but you left before i could approach you . 
 since there is only one motel in town , it did n't take me long to track you down . '' 
 he waited . 
 `` once i , uh , ` confirmed ' with the clerk where you were staying , it was n't hard to figure out that you 'd headed to the only bar in the county . '' 
 then she 'd put on her sexy clothes-damn sexy-and come calling for him . 
 made him an offer that he could n't refuse . 
 interesting . 
 the woman was resourceful . 
 he 'd remember that . 
 he pulled into the lot . 
 checked his rearview mirror once more . 
 no one for miles . 
 `` you 're sure the bartender 's here ? '' 
 veronica asked as she pressed her fingertips against the dashboard . 
 `` i scoped the place last night . '' 
 he could be plenty resourceful , too . 
 `` there 's an apartment out back . 
 we 'll find reed there . '' 
 reed montgomery . 
 bartender . 
 bar owner . 
 broker of mercenaries . 
 the guy was a jack-of-all-trades . 
 he was also wanted in about four countries . 
 no wonder the guy had set up shop in a place called last chance . 
 of course , he was using an alias . 
 that alias was why jasper and his team had n't realized that the guy was even in this game , not until jasper had laid eyes on the fellow last night . 
 reed 's real name was thomas jensen . 
 jensen was still wanted by the u.s. government ... that little matter of being awol was n't just going to vanish . 
 veronica shoved open her door . 
 he waited a moment , grabbed the backup gun he 'd retrieved from his bag and tucked it under the waistband of his jeans . 
 he pulled his shirt down to cover the gun , but if anyone looked close enough , that person would see the bulge of his weapon . 
 he shut the door , making sure not to slam it . 
 reed was a facilitator in the business . 
 the kind of guy with too many contacts . 
 one who loved providing work to down-on-their-luck cowboys and soldiers . 
 dangerous work . 
 cigarette butts littered the ground . 
 through the small windows , he saw that the bar 's interior was dim and silent . 
 he passed the bar , not slowing . 
 veronica 's quiet footsteps followed him . 
 `` are you sure he 's our guy ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 jasper grunted . 
 `` you hired me for my contacts , did n't you ? '' 
 only she did n't know that the contacts in question had actually come from the eod . 
 sydney had done the intel on this one . 
 once jasper had id 'd reed , sydney had linked the guy to cale . 
 for the past five years , cale had always visited the bar just days before he went out on a mission . 
 he never came into the bar any other time . 
 just right before he deployed . 
 five days before each mission , to be precise . 
 like clockwork . 
 sydney had riffled through cale 's credit-card records in order to find that little nugget of information . 
 at the apartment door , jasper hesitated . 
 he did n't want to leave veronica out in the open , but he also did n't want her to see just how hard he might have to push reed . 
 i ca n't take him down in front of her . 
 it will blow my cover . 
 but he also was n't about to let the guy get away . 
 not if this little q and a went down the way he thought it would . 
 his gaze flickered to her . 
 she stared at him , then mouthed , i 'm coming with you . 
 well , situation settled . 
 nodding grimly , he lifted his hand and slammed his fist into the door . 
 `` reed montgomery , open the door . 
 my name 's jasper adams . 
 i need to - '' the door swung inward . 
 because it was n't locked . 
 because it was n't even shut all the way and the force of jasper 's fist had sent the wood sliding in . 
 the interior of the apartment seemed as dim and silent as the bar . 
 `` reed ? '' 
 he called out , raising his voice . 
 no response . 
 but he 'd seen reed 's motorcycle parked outside the apartment . 
 sydney had tagged the vehicle so that jasper would know what ride to look for at the scene . 
 he took a step inside . 
 veronica grabbed his arm . 
 `` you ca n't just walk in there , '' she said , voice hushed . 
 `` that 's against the law ! 
 that 's breaking and entering . '' 
 he exhaled slowly . 
 `` it 's not breaking if the door is wide open . '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` besides , this is why you hired me . '' 
 no way was he about to let this perfect opportunity slip by him . 
 he took her wrist and pulled her inside behind him . 
 she shut the door , looking pale but determined . 
 her first b and e , well , e. cute . 
 he glanced around . 
 all of the blinds were down , so they did n't have to worry about anyone taking a shot at them right then . 
 the shooter would never be able to get a clear hit without seeing into the apartment . 
 jasper began to advance , surveying the area . 
 everything seemed to be in place . 
 no furniture overturned . 
 tv turned off . 
 breakfast ... still out . 
 jasper froze . 
 a half-eaten pancake with congealed syrup waited on the kitchen table . 
 `` reed ? '' 
 he called one more time even as his nose twitched . 
 the smell in the place was off . 
 the deeper he went into the apartment , the thicker that slightly rancid odor became . 
 he paused in front of a closed door . 
 had to be for the bedroom because the bathroom was right next to the little den . 
 before he turned the knob , jasper took out his gun and cradled it carefully in his right hand . 
 no sounds came from inside that room . 
 not even a whisper of sound . 
 he opened the door . 
 because the dead ca n't whisper . 
 reed montgomery was most definitely dead . 
 the man 's body was lying facedown on the floor . 
 blood had pooled beneath him . 
 his hands were out by his sides , positioned deliberately . 
 jasper knew that if he turned the man over , he 'd find that the guy 's throat had been sliced . 
 the killer had come up on the guy , walked silently up behind him , caught him off guard ... and used his knife on reed 's throat . 
 the man would n't have even had the chance to scream . 
 not that a scream would have helped him . 
 just like the others . 
 because jasper had looked at a crime scene like this before . 
 three times before . 
 `` jasper . '' 
 veronica 's strangled voice . 
 he glanced at her , saw the horror on her face . 
 the increased pallor of her skin . 
 hell . 
 another dead body for her to deal with in less than twenty-four hours . 
 he blocked her view . 
 `` go back into the den . '' 
 he needed to search the scene . 
 he could n't risk her contaminating evidence , and he just ... i do n't want her having to stare at the body . 
 `` it 's him , is n't it ? '' 
 she swallowed . 
 `` the man who owns the bar . 
 the one you called reed . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` i. . . 
 talked to him last night . 
 he 's the one who directed me to you when i came in last chance . '' 
 so reed had recognized him , too . 
 jasper had suspected that the man remembered him . 
 reed would also have known that veronica was cale 's sister . 
 no way would the guy not be aware of her , not after all of his dealings with cale . 
 so reed had realized that jasper and veronica were hooking up ; he 'd probably figured that jasper was helping to track cale . 
 just hours after he 'd gotten that knowledge , he had been killed . 
 killed ... silenced . 
 the killer knew i was coming to talk to reed . 
 so reed had been taken out . 
 `` he asked me ... asked if i was sure i wanted you . '' 
 her gaze was on his . 
 `` i was sure . '' 
 her chin lifted . 
 `` is he dead ... because of whatever is happening with cale ? '' 
 why lie ? 
 besides , the woman already knew the truth . 
 `` looks that way . '' 
 he gave her credit . 
 she did n't flinch . 
 her shoulders straightened , and she turned for the door . 
 she 'd taken two steps when she hesitated . 
 `` did he suffer ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 the kill had been quick and clean . 
 the work of a man who knew just what he was doing with a knife . 
 `` good . '' 
 her breath whispered out . 
 `` my father ... he suffered ... no one should have to suffer . '' 
 she slipped from the room . 
 swearing , jasper turned back to the body . 
 he yanked out his phone . 
 punched one button to get gunner on the line . 
 `` i 'm going to need a crime-scene team out at last chance , '' he said , not bothering to identify himself . 
 `` our guy 's struck again . '' 
 a swift inhalation of air , and then gunner demanded , `` you 're sure it 's the one we 're looking for ? '' 
 `` no sign of b and e. '' not from what he could tell . 
 just like the other scenes . 
 `` looks like the victim let him in . '' 
 the kill had happened just hours before . 
 `` then when the vic turned his back , the killer struck . '' 
 his fingers tightened on the phone . 
 `` the attack came from behind , just like the others . 
 a slice right across the jugular . 
 the victim bled out . '' 
 had it been easy ? 
 had he suffered ? 
 he sure would never tell veronica if the guy had . 
 the last thing she needed to know was just how sadistic cale could be . 
 `` get our medical examiner in on this . '' 
 they 'd fly dr. sarah jacobs in . 
 no local with shaking hands would handle this kill . 
 `` i 'm betting that once the crime-scene guys go over this , and she gets to see the body , all the results will be the same as before . '' 
 the results ... the info that the techs gathered about the killer 's height and weight and military training ... all based on the kill method . 
 height ... approximately six foot three . 
 tall enough that he had to slice downward when his hand curled around the victims ' necks . 
 weight ... two hundred pounds . 
 he 'd left shoe imprints in clay outside one of the vic 's homes . 
 the killer 's mistakes . 
 uncle sam 's crime-scene team could do some damn incredible things with their technology . 
 like ... determine the guy 's weight based on the depth of those impressions . 
 get the man 's height based on the length between his steps and the size of the shoe . 
 a height that had matched dead-on with the m.e. 's estimates . 
 the killer had even left one other valuable piece of info behind in those shoe impressions . 
 a few bits of clay that could be tracked back to only a handful of locations in the u.s. ... and one of those locations was right here in whiskey ridge . 
 the killer had screwed up on that second kill . 
 when he 'd gone after julian forrest , an ex-marine , the killer had counted on the forecasted prediction of rain to wipe away his footprints . 
 that rain had n't come . 
 did you screw up this time , too ? 
 he was about to find out . 
 jasper exhaled . 
 `` the kill 's fresh , '' he told gunner . 
 `` we need our team searching the area . 
 cale lane is here , and unless i 'm wrong , it sure looks like he 's trying to cover his tracks . '' 
 by killing . 
 because reed montgomery was n't like the last three victims that had been killed in their homes . 
 victims who 'd opened the door to the killer because they had known him . 
 they all knew cale . 
 in one way or another , those three victims had all traced back to cale . 
 one of the men had trained with him in georgia . 
 another had been on a mission with cale in syria . 
 one had worked with cale for a month in an african desert . 
 all three of those victims had been eod . 
 they 'd been executed . 
 reed ... he 'd been executed , too , but not because he was eod . 
 he 'd died for another reason . 
 to protect the killer 's identity . 
 jasper ended the call . 
 he killed you because of what you knew . 
 now jasper just needed to find the evidence that reed had possessed . 
 evidence that had been worth killing for . 
 * * * cale lane watched the house , his eyes narrowed as his fingers curled around his weapon . 
 he preferred to use a knife on his kills . 
 much quieter than a gun . 
 more personal . 
 you were able to get right up to your target . 
 with a knife , there would be no mistakes . 
 no miscalculations on those up-close kills . 
 jasper adams knew all about close kills . 
 the man had been killing for over ten years . 
 and now that man was with his sister . 
 cale had seen them go into the apartment together . 
 seen the way jasper 's fingers lingered on veronica 's arm . 
 he 'd warned jasper to stay away from her . 
 jasper should have listened to him . 
 now his old buddy was going to get caught in the bloody battle . 
 there was nothing cale could do to change fate . 
 death was coming . 
 no , death had already taken over whiskey ridge . 
 he could feel its dark shadow all around him . 
 the only thing to do now ... cale had to make sure the blood that spilled did n't belong to his sister . 
 but anyone else ... fair game . 
 chapter five the computer was just sitting there . 
 okay , not so much sitting as hiding beneath a pile of papers . 
 but as veronica paced the small den , she caught sight of the laptop , and before she could think of the million reasons why she should n't open it , she was on the couch , the laptop in her hands . 
 immediately , the password screen popped up . 
 her eyes narrowed . 
 she did n't know reed . 
 knew nothing about him except ... last chance . 
 she typed the letters quickly , not looking at the keys . 
 her gaze darted back to the hallway . 
 jasper was still in there , with the body . 
 her stomach churned . 
 there had been so much blood . 
 do n't think about him . 
 do n't . 
 build that wall of ice again . 
 do n't feel . 
 do n't . 
 feel . 
 three dead bodies . 
 at least she had n't seen the light go out of reed 's eyes . 
 but she 'd looked at him , at his long body , and for an instant , she 'd seen her brother . 
 cale is n't dead . 
 and last chance was n't the right password . 
 of course , would it ever be that easy ? 
 her gaze flew around the room . 
 looking for something , anything to help her . 
 most people used passwords that reminded them of things they loved . 
 kids ' names , hobbies , favorite books , favorite - there was a big poster of john wayne on the guy 's wall . 
 the duke was the password that let her in to his system . 
 her shoulders hunched as she curled over the screen . 
 her fingers typed , faster and faster as she searched through the material . 
 files had been deleted , recently , too , but the person deleting had n't known what he was doing . 
 sure , he 'd sent the material to the trash , then deleted the trash , but ... that was n't good enough . 
 two more clicks of her fingers and she had the `` deleted '' files open . 
 one file was titled `` chances . '' 
 she clicked it and frowned as she read . 
 it looked like a series of jobs . 
 not so much jobs as ... maybe missions . 
 locations were listed . 
 dates . 
 then some sort of code names . 
 razor . 
 jumper . 
 deuce . 
 striker two . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 she jumped . 
 jasper had come back . 
 moved so silently that she 'd never even heard him enter the room . 
 cale was the only other man she knew who could move like that . 
 her heart was in her throat , but she swallowed and managed to shove it back down where it belonged . 
 `` i found reed 's laptop and recovered some files . '' 
 she frowned up at him . 
 `` he does n't name the men who 've been working his jobs . 
 they all have code names . '' 
 his lips tightened . 
 `` there could be prints on that laptop . '' 
 prints . 
 she had n't even - `` put it down , carefully . 
 crime-scene techs will be coming soon . '' 
 they 'd find her prints all over the machine . 
 wonderful . 
 prints at a crime scene . 
 witness to two murders hours before . 
 this was n't exactly the exciting life that she 'd always craved . 
 gingerly , she put the laptop on the old coffee table . 
 `` he lists names like deuce , razor , striker - '' `` striker is the code name that your brother used . '' 
 and her heart was right back in her throat . 
 her gaze flew to the screen . 
 `` his last job was ... it was just three weeks ago . 
 in ... phoenix ? '' 
 that did n't make any sense . 
 `` what kind of job would he be doing there ? '' 
 `` you really do n't know him that well , '' jasper murmured . 
 goose bumps rose on her arms . 
 she stood , shaking . 
 `` do you know what kind of job took him there ? '' 
 she rubbed her forehead . 
 `` he saved people . 
 that 's what he told me . 
 he took rescue missions . 
 when tourists were kidnapped and held for ransom , their parents could n't always pay , so he went in . '' 
 she did n't like what jasper was implying . 
 `` cale is a hero , '' she said again . 
 jasper did n't speak then . 
 in that stark silence , veronica was n't sure ... was she trying to convince him that her brother was a good man or was she trying to convince herself ? 
 `` i 've seen names like these before , '' she whispered . 
 not those exact names , but similar ones . 
 she rubbed a hand over her forehead . 
 `` they were scribbled on the backs of some old photos that cale had at the house and - '' she broke off , her eyes widening . 
 `` i 'd seen him before . '' 
 jasper frowned at her . 
 `` the tattoo on reed 's arm . '' 
 she barely breathed the words . 
 `` that 's why it caught my eye at last chance . 
 i-i 'd seen it ... in one of the pictures at the ranch . '' 
 she thought about reed 's face , took ten years away from it , gave him hair ... `` he served with my brother . '' 
 `` that 's how they connected . 
 how reed knew that cale could get the jobs done for him . '' 
 jasper had recognized reed , too . 
 he 'd remembered the man from the military , and jasper had known just what sort of business cale had been involved with at the bar . 
 before she could figure out what to say next , she heard the growl of a car 's engine . 
 jasper tensed , and his hand went to his waist-and to the gun tucked in his waistband . 
 then he was moving silently toward the door . 
 pushing aside the shade and peering outside . 
 after a brief moment , the tension left his shoulders . 
 `` it 's the good guys . '' 
 for some reason , it was getting harder for her to tell the difference between the good guys and the bad guys . 
 jasper glanced back at her . 
 `` gunner 's team is in town . 
 when i found the body , i called them . '' 
 he paused a beat , then said , `` you can trust them . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` you 're the only one i trust . '' 
 he gazed back at her . 
 a faint furrow appeared between his brows . 
 `` why did n't you just call the sheriff ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` wyatt would - '' `` this case is a little over his head . 
 and the station blew up last night . 
 he 's already got enough to deal with . '' 
 he tucked the gun back in his waistband . 
 `` if the agents need his help , they 'll say so . '' 
 she pushed her hands against the tops of her thighs . 
 she was sweating , far too nervous and far too aware of the dead body down the hallway . 
 then the front door opened . 
 a tall , dark man with short black hair and a faint scar under his chin marched inside . 
 he seemed to fill the small room , dominating the space . 
 between him and jasper , she suddenly felt very , very overwhelmed . 
 then the stranger 's gaze turned toward her . 
 `` you 're veronica lane . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i 'm agent logan quinn . '' 
 he offered his hand . 
 she took it slowly and immediately had her fingers clasped in a warm , strong grip . 
 then she was free . 
 logan glanced at jasper . 
 `` glad you were on this one , man . 
 if she 'd wandered in alone ... '' her spine straightened . 
 `` i would have managed to call the authorities just fine on my own . '' 
 logan 's eyelids flickered . 
 `` of course , my apologies , you would have , but if the body 's as fresh as jasper says , then the killer may still be close by . '' 
 just what she did n't need to hear . 
 `` let 's ease out of here until the techs arrive . '' 
 logan waved toward the door . 
 unable to help herself , veronica cast a longing look toward the laptop . 
 `` do n't worry , we 'll take care of that , '' logan told her . 
 yes , that was what she was afraid of . 
 veronica nodded even as she curled her hand over the small flash drive that had been attached to the laptop . 
 the flash drive that she 'd taken the liberty of `` borrowing '' - right after she 'd copied those recovered files . 
 the files had been saved to the flash drive just seconds before jasper had appeared in the den . 
 the sunlight hit her the minute she stepped outside the apartment . 
 spring , but it was still already uncomfortably warm . 
 veronica was surprised to see a few other cars there . 
 her gaze scanned the lot . 
 she recognized gunner . 
 beside him stood a woman with short blond hair and fierce eyes . 
 a few people in suits were scattered around the area . 
 `` we 'll let the crime techs take over while we do a little ... hunting in the area . '' 
 logan 's voice was mild , but his use of the word hunting seemed strange to her . 
 she looked over at him , frowning . 
 `` you need some help with that ? '' 
 jasper asked , his own voice just as mild . 
 logan hesitated , then glanced her way . 
 `` we got this covered . 
 why do n't you just finish your business with ms. lane . '' 
 she did n't think that she liked logan quinn . 
 his gaze was too guarded . 
 his words were too careful . 
 she had the impression that he was a man who carried secrets , a lot of them . 
 veronica took a few steps toward jasper 's truck ; then she hesitated . 
 her instincts were screaming at her . 
 she looked over her shoulder at the agent . 
 `` logan , do you know my brother ? '' 
 she was n't going to `` mr. quinn '' him . 
 she caught the flicker of surprise on his face . 
 `` yes , i do . '' 
 her heart iced . 
 suddenly , everything was making a whole lot of sense to her . 
 the agents ' presence in town . 
 at least two agents from the fbi ... both in little whiskey ridge . 
 all of those guys in suits . 
 the fast response to jasper 's call . 
 when they 'd been at the police station , gunner had insisted on questioning her kidnappers-questioning them alone . 
 he had n't wanted to say anything in front of me . 
 and now cale 's code name had been the last one listed in reed 's deleted files . 
 she had to face the facts , even if those facts scared her to death . 
 it was n't just a coincidence that the federal agents were in town . 
 the agents were in whiskey ridge because they were hunting cale . 
 she reached for jasper 's hand , pulled him close . 
 `` w-we 'll stay out of your way . 
 do n't worry . '' 
 because she and jasper were going to hunt and find cale long before the agents could . 
 jasper stiffened a bit at her touch , but she just curled her arm around him more . 
 then she started pulling him away from that apartment that smelled of death and away from the agent with suspicious eyes . 
 they did n't speak until they were inside jasper 's truck . 
 he turned on the engine , and his gaze flickered toward gunner and logan . 
 the agents who were staring right back at them . 
 `` i know what you said , '' she began quietly as her hands clenched in her lap . 
 `` but i ca n't trust them . '' 
 his gaze darted to her . 
 `` do n't you see what 's happening ? '' 
 she demanded . 
 `` they think that my brother is a killer . 
 they 're tracking him down because they want to take him down . '' 
 `` veronica ... '' `` are you working with them ? '' 
 the question had to be asked . 
 gunner and logan both knew jasper . 
 jasper knew cale . 
 it would be foolish of her to ignore the coincidence . 
 but ... i trust him . 
 her heart seemed to stop as she waited for jasper 's response . 
 `` i 'm working for you . '' 
 anger roughened the words . 
 `` until last night , i was taking a break , enjoying a little r and r in a spot on the map that i thought most folks did n't even know about . '' 
 a spot cale must have told him about . 
 jasper 's stare seemed to burn into her . 
 `` i 'm not fbi . '' 
 she could see the truth in his gaze . 
 `` i swear , i 'm not part of the bureau . '' 
 why would he lie ? 
 `` i am going to help you find cale . 
 the agents ... i 'm going to use every connection that i have to them and - '' `` they 're hunting my brother . '' 
 would he deny that ? 
 a muscle jerked along his jaw . 
 `` they 're hunting a killer . '' 
 did he think cale was that killer ? 
 did it even matter to him ? 
 she licked her lips . 
 `` you might know them , you might have worked with them before , but do n't trust them , either , okay ? '' 
 he put the truck into drive and pulled away from the apartment . 
 they passed two unmarked vans . 
 her body tensed at that sight . 
 the agents were pulling in all kinds of resources on this case . 
 my brother did n't kill reed . 
 she had to find her brother before the agents did . 
 logan quinn scared her , and she did n't want that man hunting her brother . 
 cale was n't the killer . 
 she 'd prove that fact and find her brother . 
 * * * `` your brother 's in town . '' 
 jasper made this announcement as soon as they pulled through the gates at her ranch after a silent ride back . 
 he parked the truck on the side of the graveled drive and turned to face her . 
 the better to catch her reaction . 
 she thinks logan and gunner are after her brother . 
 but she does n't suspect me . 
 why ? 
 why the hell does she trust me so much ? 
 part of him was humbled by that trust . 
 no one had ever had such blind faith in him before . 
 but another part , a darker part , was angry . 
 he was going to betray that trust . 
 break it . 
 break her . 
 that 's not what i want . 
 she jerked free of the seat belt . 
 `` do n't you start this . 
 do n't tell me that cale is a killer ! '' 
 that had n't been what he intended to say , but yes , all signs sure pointed to the fact that cale was very much a killer . 
 veronica pushed open the door and hopped out of the truck . 
 where was she going ? 
 he killed the engine and followed her . 
 `` veronica ! '' 
 it looked as if she was planning on leaving his butt and walking the rest of the way back to the ranch . 
 at his call , she did n't stop walking . 
 he ran to her , caught her arm and forced her around to face him . 
 he was leaning over her , their faces close . 
 her cheeks were angry , flushed . 
 damn if he did n't want to kiss her . 
 she 'd kissed him before . 
 did n't that mean it was his turn ? 
 turn or not ... he took her mouth . 
 she did n't fight , did n't gasp , did n't try to pull away . 
 veronica stood on her toes , shocking the hell out of him , and she kissed him back . 
 kissed him back with passion and fury and lust . 
 enough lust to make a man ache . 
 his hands eased down her body , curled around the flare of her hips , and he lifted her up against his aroused flesh . 
 she turned him on more than any other woman ever had . 
 with just a kiss . 
 he wanted her . 
 naked . 
 eager . 
 and whispering his name as pleasure flashed in her eyes . 
 her tongue slid over his lip in a move so sweet and sexy that she had him growling . 
 the woman was getting beneath his skin . 
 making him want , when he should be focusing on the job . 
 he never lost focus . 
 he got the job done , no matter what . 
 he always finished the mission . 
 he licked her lip . 
 thrust his tongue into her mouth . 
 her taste drove him insane , made him crave more of her . 
 so much more . 
 his blood seemed to burn in his veins as arousal hardened his body . 
 time to get a few things straight . 
 he lifted his mouth from hers , but did n't let her go . 
 he was enjoying having his hands on her far too much for that . 
 `` i 'm not taking your money . '' 
 she blinked . 
 there was desire in her eyes . 
 the desire deepened the blue color . 
 made her even sexier . 
 `` but we had a deal . '' 
 the deal was getting real complicated , fast . 
 the deal was also based on a lie . 
 lying to her was becoming harder each moment . 
 `` things have changed . '' 
 he was n't the coldhearted bastard so many people seemed to think . 
 since when did it matter what anyone thought ? 
 not anyone . 
 her . 
 `` people are dying in this town , left and right . '' 
 her arms were on his shoulders . 
 when he 'd kissed her , veronica 's nails had bit into his skin . 
 he 'd liked that . 
 when they had sex , and they were going to get naked together , he wanted her wild . 
 business . 
 focus on business . 
 but now her hands were trying to ease away from him . 
 she was easing away . 
 `` are you scared ? '' 
 she seemed shocked by the idea . 
 `` i mean , i understand , i 'm scared , too . 
 i do n't want to die - '' `` not happening . '' 
 the words ripped from him automatically . 
 hell , no , she was n't dying . 
 not on his watch . 
 her gaze held his . 
 `` it 's okay if you want to leave . '' 
 her hands dropped . 
 `` you have to look after yourself . 
 when w-we made the deal , you did n't know you were signing on to something that would involve three murders and a kidnapping in less than twenty-four hours - '' he kissed her . 
 he did n't want her backing away from him , and he sure did n't want her trying to build a wall between them . 
 so jasper poured his hunger and need into the kiss . 
 let her know that this was n't some hired gun 's deal . 
 this was a man , wanting a woman . 
 wanting her . 
 his right hand rose from the curve of her hip . 
 rose to cup her jaw . 
 when his mouth finally pulled from hers-she 'd been as eager to keep that kiss going as he had been-jasper tilted her chin up to make sure she kept her focus on him . 
 and not on trying to flee . 
 `` the deal is n't gon na work , '' he told her , `` because right now my priority is n't on finding your brother . '' 
 `` but - '' `` it 's on keeping you safe . '' 
 a faint line appeared between her eyes . 
 `` i 'll be doing that job , no pay , got it ? 
 i 'll keep looking for your brother because i 'm not leaving you on your own . 
 it 's too dangerous . 
 you need help , and i 'm right here to help you . '' 
 and to do anything else to her that she 'd let him do . 
 his fingers caressed her skin . 
 then he let her go . 
 with a shake of her head , veronica said , `` why would a guy like you protect me for free ? '' 
 he stiffened at that . 
 `` a guy like me ? '' 
 were n't they past this by now ? 
 `` i-i 'm sorry , i did n't - '' his jaw locking , he gritted , `` i 'm more than just the soldier you met years ago . '' 
 `` i know that . '' 
 soft , then , as if confessing , `` i 've seen that truth in your eyes . '' 
 he wondered just what else he might have revealed to her . 
 curious , he asked her , `` what do you see in my eyes now ? '' 
 she licked her lips . 
 `` you want me . '' 
 veronica seemed surprised by that . 
 why ? 
 the woman was sexy as hell . 
 even wearing jeans instead of that come-get-me short skirt she 'd worn at the bar-a skirt that had sure fueled some fantasies for him . 
 as for wanting her ... `` damn straight , '' jasper told her , his voice deepening . 
 he could have been more blunt . 
 but he held back what he wanted to do with her . 
 the woman looked nervous enough as it was . 
 `` so you ... are n't going to accept my money ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` but you are n't leaving . '' 
 another nod . 
 the furrow was still between her brows as she asked , `` y-you 're going to be some kind of-of what ? 
 bodyguard ? '' 
 `` if that 's how you want to think of me . '' 
 she looked so lost and confused that he wanted to kiss her again . 
 `` why ? '' 
 veronica gave a little shake of her head . 
 `` because you think that by playing hero , you 'll get me into bed ? '' 
 playing hero ? 
 he had n't realized he was playing at anything . 
 `` no , ma'am , '' he finally drawled , `` that was n't what i was thinking . '' 
 he raised a brow . 
 `` if i get you in bed with me , it 's because you want to be there , no other reason . '' 
 her breath rushed out . 
 `` as for finding your brother , i 'll still help you do that , but i never should have agreed to take your money . '' 
 and here was another confession , one that was eating at him . 
 `` especially since i owe cale . '' 
 owing cale made the whole mess even more tangled . 
 `` why do you owe him ? '' 
 `` he saved my life . '' 
 it was hard to repay a debt like that . 
 especially when you were the guy in charge of bringing down the man who 'd hauled your butt out of a south american jungle as bullets flew around you . 
 `` one of our early missions ... did n't go so well . '' 
 because he 'd been taken in by an innocent face . 
 a woman who 'd begged for help . 
 he 'd wanted to help her . 
 too late , he 'd realized she was the bait to draw in his team so that the rebels in the area could attack . 
 the first bullet had almost taken his heart . 
 it had taken him out , because he 'd fallen to the ground as blood pumped from him . 
 cale had grabbed him . 
 fired his gun again and again . 
 gotten them both to safety . 
 as payment , here i am , hunting you , and planning to take your sister to bed . 
 cale backed away from her . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 she blinked . 
 he did have some shred of conscience left . 
 he 'd thought he 'd lost that years ago , but here it was , rearing its head . 
 maybe he could even do the right thing . 
 maybe . 
 jasper forced himself to say , `` i should n't have kissed you , should n't have touched you . '' 
 his voice sounded wooden now because the memory of blood and thick vegetation and a friend 's strong arm around his shoulders was too vivid in his mind . 
 he did owe cale , and even though he was going to bring the other man in , he could n't betray him this way , too . 
 no matter how much i want her . 
 images of veronica had been haunting him . 
 he wanted her so much his whole body ached , and the thought of having her naked ... yes . 
 but he could still hear the sound of those bullets flying in the jungle . 
 stay in control . 
 was n't he already betraying her enough ? 
 the white-hot lust he felt , that stark awareness between them , could just wind up hurting them both . 
 cale did n't want to hurt veronica . 
 cale motioned toward the truck . 
 `` get in . 
 we 'll head back to the house . 
 figure out our next move . '' 
 it took him a few moments to realize that she was n't moving . 
 he glanced back at her . 
 `` veronica ? '' 
 her hands went to her hips . 
 `` i did n't know you were a tease . '' 
 his jaw dropped . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` you owe my brother ? 
 i owe him , too . 
 he kept me sane and safe for most of my life . 
 but you know what i 'm not going to do ? '' 
 and now she was walking . 
 more like angrily stomping toward the truck . 
 `` i 'm not going to let him tell me who i can and ca n't make love with . 
 because that 's my decision . 
 not his . 
 just . 
 mine . '' 
 she hopped into the truck . 
 slammed the door . 
 jasper blew out a slow breath . 
 when the lady was angry , she was gorgeous . 
 that flush in her cheeks . 
 the flash of her eyes ... gorgeous . 
 he hurried to the driver 's side , jumped in the vehicle . 
 `` it is n't like - '' `` do n't kiss me like you ca n't breathe without me . '' 
 he had kissed her that way . 
 no , more as if she was the breath he needed . 
 he 'd never been so desperate to taste a woman before . 
 `` do n't do that , '' she snapped at him , `` then in the next minute , go all cool and wooden on me . 
 i 'm not like you , okay ? 
 i do n't have a line of partners behind me . 
 i do n't play games , and i do n't - '' his fingers curled around the steering wheel . 
 `` a line of partners ? '' 
 jasper repeated in a choked voice . 
 how did she keep surprising him ? 
 the icy chips of her eyes could have cut a lesser man . 
 `` do n't play with me . 
 that 's what i 'm saying . 
 if you want me , then it 's about me and you . 
 not my brother . 
 not what you owe him or what he owes you . '' 
 because jasper had saved cale , too . 
 not in a jungle , in a desert , when a mine had gone off and they 'd both come close to being blown to hell . 
 `` just crank the truck , jasper . '' 
 now she sounded disgusted . 
 `` maybe we 'll both figure out just what it is that we want . '' 
 he did n't have to figure it out . 
 he already knew exactly what he wanted . 
 but taking it could prove dangerous . 
 to him . 
 and to her . 
 * * * when the truck stopped in front of the ranch , veronica pretty much leaped out of the vehicle . 
 she was embarrassed and angry and scared . 
 a combination that had her stomach knotting . 
 she was attracted to jasper . 
 he seemed attracted to her . 
 but then he 'd gone all ice man on her and - the alarm was n't beeping . 
 veronica tensed . 
 she 'd unlocked the front door , and , normally , the alarm would beep until she typed in the code . 
 but the alarm was n't beeping . 
 jasper 's arm closed around her shoulder . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` the alarm ... '' he swore , seeming to realize what was n't happening instantly . 
 then he was pulling her back . 
 putting his body in front of hers . 
 he reached for his gun . 
 she wished she had a weapon , too . 
 veronica hated feeling helpless . 
 and she was pretty much feeling that way 24/7 these days . 
 he stepped inside the house . 
 veronica peered over his shoulder . 
 the foyer looked fine . 
 the den did n't appear disturbed . 
 maybe it was nothing . 
 a glitch with the alarm . 
 `` stay here , '' he said and eased inside the house . 
 stay there-out in the open ? 
 um , she had n't been worried when she 'd hopped out of the truck and started walking earlier , but the memory of standing in front of that sheriff 's station , waiting-and then seeing two men get shot right before her eyes-that memory was front and center for her . 
 with the silence of her alarm , the security she felt at the ranch had been shattered . 
 the place did n't feel safe . 
 as for staying out on that porch ... no , thank you . 
 she glanced around . 
 her gaze searched the small scattering of buildings around the main house . 
 what if a shooter was out there ? 
 she 'd make a perfect target . 
 veronica rushed inside the house and nearly slammed into jasper . 
 `` i 'm coming with you , '' she whispered . 
 he frowned , but nodded . 
 they made their way down the hallway . 
 nothing was missing . 
 nothing broken . 
 it did n't look as if anyone had been there . 
 maybe she was wrong . 
 he motioned with his hand to indicate that they should head up the stairs . 
 her fingers curled over the wooden bannister . 
 the third stair creaked beneath her feet , and that sound was far too loud . 
 her breathing was too loud , too . 
 too quick . 
 too raspy . 
 he turned at the top of the stairs and headed for her brother 's room . 
 the door was partially open . 
 with his left hand , jasper opened the door wider , even as his right hand kept his gun ready . 
 the door swung open . 
 destruction . 
 the room had been ripped apart . 
 the mattresses slashed . 
 every dresser and chest drawer yanked out and overturned . 
 the dresser mirror lay in what looked like a thousand pieces . 
 `` somebody was looking for something . '' 
 jasper 's quiet voice . 
 it looked as if somebody had been looking to wreck the place . 
 jasper 's hand wrapped around her wrist and they headed back into the hallway . 
 the next room they checked was hers . 
 the door was shut . 
 she was the one to turn the handle and push the door open . 
 her room looked even worse . 
 because it was n't just her mattresses that were slashed . 
 her clothes were slashed . 
 her photos . 
 every memento that she 'd ever had was in pieces on her floor . 
 it was as if someone had grabbed her and punched her in the face . 
 this ? 
 this was someone looking for something ? 
 no , this was a personal attack . 
 she must have made some kind of faint sound because jasper 's gaze jumped to her face . 
 in that stare , she saw a white-hot fury . 
 it was a fury she felt , too . 
 my home . 
 my safe place . 
 someone had come in here and tried to destroy her world . 
 to rip away her safety . 
 no , to cut away that safety . 
 because it sure looked as though someone had used a knife on her mattress and clothing . 
 a knife ... the intruder had attacked all of the things that were personal to her . 
 if she 'd been there , what would the intruder have done ? 
 would he have attacked her ? 
 killed her ? 
 she heard a faint creak . 
 the same creak she 'd made when she stepped on the loose stair . 
 in an instant , jasper was rushing past her and heading for the stairs . 
 `` stop , you son of a - '' jasper yelled , but then his yell died away . 
 veronica was right on his heels . 
 she could see why he 'd stopped his order . 
 because the man on the stairs had a gun , too . 
 one that was trembling , but still aimed right up at jasper . 
 and that man was deputy jimmy jones . 
 chapter six `` drop your weapon ! '' 
 jimmy ordered , his voice breaking . 
 jasper swore . 
 the last thing he wanted to do was lower his gun . 
 `` tell me why you 're in the house . '' 
 jimmy blinked his eyes , eyes that looked watery , nervous . 
 the kid 's gun began to lower . 
 `` the ... front door was open . 
 with ... with all the stuff that 's been goin ' on around here , i was worried . '' 
 then his gun flew back up , as if he 'd just realized that he 'd lowered his hand . 
 `` i told you , drop the weapon ! '' 
 jasper lowered his weapon , but he also made sure that he closed the distance between him and jimmy . 
 if it came down to it , he could still take the deputy out , weapon or no weapon . 
 close-contact fighting was a specialty for him . 
 but as soon as jasper lowered his weapon , jimmy holstered his own gun . 
 jimmy 's gaze darted to veronica 's face . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 her voice was n't weak . 
 it was angry . 
 she gritted , `` someone 's been in the house . 
 cale 's room is trashed . 
 so is mine . '' 
 but jasper was n't so sure it was just about trashing . 
 sometimes a smart thief could trash the place in order to hide the fact that he 'd taken something . 
 something very important . 
 and not even something that had been in veronica 's or jasper 's room . 
 maybe trashing those particular rooms drew attention away from the fact that he 'd taken something small from the rest of the house . 
 jasper 's gaze swept over the edge of the staircase . 
 what did you want ? 
 `` i 'll call the sheriff , '' jimmy said . 
 `` he sent me out here to check on you . 
 he was worried , after what happened last night . '' 
 jasper 's gaze returned to the deputy just in time to see jimmy 's adam 's apple bob . 
 `` guess he was right to be worried . '' 
 yeah , he was . 
 `` i need to finish searching the house , '' jasper said . 
 jimmy 's eyes bulged . 
 `` i should do that . 
 i should - '' `` you keep an eye on veronica . 
 that 's the most important thing . '' 
 jimmy nodded at once . 
 `` right . '' 
 his shoulders straightened as his hand went to the holster of his gun . 
 hell , what was the kid ? 
 barely twenty ? 
 so eager to follow every order . 
 if the kid was n't careful , he 'd get hurt . 
 especially with that shaky trigger finger of his . 
 jasper turned and headed back up the stairs . 
 his fingers brushed over veronica 's arm . 
 she stiffened at his touch . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' he promised . 
 she gave a quick nod . 
 he searched the rest of the rooms upstairs . 
 heard jimmy 's voice , calling the sheriff . 
 he opened more doors . 
 nothing looked disturbed in the other rooms , but then , that would be the point , would n't it ? 
 to focus attention in one spot , while the real action happened someplace else . 
 what were you looking for ? 
 and , more important , had the intruder found what he wanted ? 
 he went back downstairs . 
 veronica and jimmy were sitting on the couch . 
 in short work , jasper checked out the rest of the house . 
 clear . 
 no more damage . 
 but what about the buildings close by ? 
 could the intruder be there ? 
 he headed for the front door . 
 veronica jumped into his path . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he would n't sugarcoat this . 
 `` it 's possible he 's still here . 
 there are over a dozen places to hide just outside this door . '' 
 all of the old buildings . 
 the small stable . 
 `` i need to make sure the area 's secure . '' 
 `` should i. . . 
 should i do that ? '' 
 jimmy asked . 
 his shoulders were n't quite so straight . 
 the kid looked as if he would faint if jasper said yes . 
 so , instead , jasper growled , `` no . '' 
 jimmy nodded quickly . 
 `` right , i need to keep veronica safe . '' 
 her lips compressed . 
 then she snapped , `` if someone would just give me a gun , i 'm pretty sure i could keep myself safe . '' 
 jimmy 's fingers eased toward his weapon . 
 jasper focused on veronica . 
 `` try to think about what you and cale have here that someone would want . '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` something that a person would be willing to risk a hell of a lot to get . '' 
 because he and veronica could have come back at any time . 
 the intruder would have needed to watch the house . 
 watch closely , to see when they left the property . 
 were you here this morning ? 
 were you watching us ? 
 jasper headed onto the porch . 
 he kept his body in cover as much as he could as he headed around the area and into the outer buildings . 
 the horses neighed when he got close to them , and they shifted toward him . 
 jasper gave them a quick pat , but kept moving . 
 his gaze was on the floor , then the small set of stairs that led to the top of the stable . 
 he climbed the stairs . 
 more hay . 
 only the hay was scattered near the window . 
 as if someone had tried to clear a space in that area . 
 carefully , jasper moved toward the window . 
 he glanced through it-and had a perfect view of the ranch house and the drive leading up to the home . 
 hell . 
 their watcher had been close , all right . 
 jasper could n't help wondering ... just how long has someone been watching veronica ? 
 * * * the sheriff had arrived , racing up to the scene with his sirens blaring . 
 wyatt was in the house now with veronica and jimmy , and despite his search , jasper had n't found any other signs of the watcher . 
 making sure that he was a safe distance away from the house-the last thing jasper wanted was to be overheard-he pulled out his phone and made a quick call to logan . 
 he briefed the team leader on the situation , a situation that had him clenching the phone in his fist , and then jasper growled , `` i do n't like this setup . '' 
 logan 's sigh carried easily over the phone . 
 `` i know you do n't , but what options do we have ? '' 
 he could think of a few , starting with ... `` i take veronica out of here . 
 i get her someplace safe . '' 
 `` you know her brother . 
 is there any place that guy would n't be able to track ? '' 
 hell , no . 
 that was the problem . 
 cale was deadly . 
 fierce . 
 a tracker who was almost as good as gunner . 
 but there was an important point logan needed to get . 
 `` i do n't think this attack came from her brother , '' jasper said , voice tight . 
 `` he would n't trash his own place . 
 would n't slice his sister 's clothes and destroy the things that mattered most to her . '' 
 that was n't cale . 
 `` you sure about that ? '' 
 logan asked softly . 
 `` you know what the psych report said . '' 
 the psych report . 
 right . 
 the one that uncle sam kept shoving down their throats . 
 when cale had left the rangers , the eod had thought about recruiting him . 
 only a psych report had surfaced . 
 one that said cale 's tendency for extreme violence could n't be controlled . 
 that cale lane was a menace to himself , and others . 
 that he had serious aggressive tendencies that could result in harm to even those close to him . 
 but on this point , jasper did n't think his instincts were wrong . 
 `` cale would n't have to search the house . 
 if he 'd hidden something there , he 'd just slip in and get it , not leave that mess for his sister to find . '' 
 that would be the last thing he 'd do . 
 `` no , it 's someone else . '' 
 someone they had n't counted on . 
 and if there were more players in the game ... `` i do n't think cale was behind the attempted kidnapping . '' 
 silence from the other end of the phone . 
 `` cale would n't need two men to force his sister in a car . '' 
 with her history , jasper knew that cale would never have been behind anyone forcing her off the road . 
 `` if he wanted to get veronica alone , all he 'd have to do would be to call her , and she 'd go anyplace he told her to go . '' 
 which was a scary proposition . 
 `` we 're still monitoring all her calls , right ? '' 
 he could n't help asking . 
 `` yes , we are . '' 
 somewhat reassuring . 
 `` someone wanted to get control of veronica for the same reason that we wanted to approach her . '' 
 before he smashed the phone , he forced his fingers to ease their grip . 
 `` someone else wants to use her against cale . '' 
 `` the man probably has a whole lot of enemies . '' 
 the kind who would n't mind torturing an innocent woman to get what they wanted . 
 they want you , cale . 
 `` we need extra surveillance out here , '' jasper snapped . 
 the idea of veronica being watched by someone , of her being targeted , had rage twisting in his gut . 
 `` i want fingerprints taken from the house . 
 i want to know just who the hell is playing with us . '' 
 who 'd tried to hurt veronica . 
 `` a team is on the way now . 
 they 'll search for prints , but do you know what was taken ? '' 
 jasper glanced back at the house . 
 `` i 'll find out . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` if the intruder found what he wanted . '' 
 all those slashes and the destruction upstairs ... maybe that had happened after the intruder did n't find what he wanted . 
 whoever it was could have been furious . 
 enraged . 
 so he took out that fury on cale and veronica . 
 `` i do n't like this , '' jasper gritted . 
 `` i know . '' 
 logan 's voice was softer , and jasper knew that logan really did understand . 
 on their last big mission , the woman logan loved-had loved , for years-had been put in a killer 's deadly path . 
 she 'd been bait , and the killer had come far too close to taking out both juliana and logan . 
 logan 's gaze had been haunted for weeks after the attack . 
 he 'd realized just how close he 'd come to losing his juliana , and he 'd been afraid . 
 if anyone could relate , it would be logan . 
 sighing , jasper said , `` i do n't want her put at risk . '' 
 `` the ranch covers a huge area . 
 her nearest neighbor is over forty miles away . '' 
 yeah , and the ranch was overgrown , with extra buildings scattered around and far too many places for anyone to hide . 
 `` it 'll be tough to keep every section clear , '' logan added . 
 tough , but not impossible . 
 `` i 'll take veronica with me . 
 we 'll start searching the north end of the property . '' 
 `` and i 'll send a team to begin in the south . '' 
 because their watcher might not have left entirely . 
 he could easily still be killing close . 
 you wo n't get her . 
 `` jasper . '' 
 there was a tense note in logan 's voice . 
 `` is this case getting personal ? '' 
 it was n't supposed to be . 
 he 'd already been screened . 
 checked to make sure that the bonds he 'd had with cale would n't get in the way of performing the mission . 
 but when the team leader asked about the mission getting personal , jasper knew that logan was n't referring to the other ex-ranger . 
 veronica . 
 `` i can do the job , '' jasper said , deliberately not answering . 
 sure , he wanted veronica , pretty damn desperately , but he could n't be falling for the woman , not that fast . 
 lust was n't personal . 
 lust was just about need . 
 `` i 've got this . '' 
 `` that 's what i thought , too . 
 then when i realized how much danger was right beside juliana , i wanted to kill everyone who ever thought about hurting her . '' 
 that 's how i feel . 
 `` i 'm in control '' was jasper 's response . 
 then the screen door opened . 
 veronica appeared on the porch . 
 she looked tired . 
 her eyes were big , but dark shadows whispered under them . 
 `` send out the crew , '' jasper said , and ended the call . 
 he shoved the phone into his back pocket . 
 he 'd gotten a holster from his truck and it was under the edge of the light jacket he wore . 
 the heat had cooled , giving way to the dark clouds and the storms that the forecasters said would continue soon . 
 not that he really needed the jacket for anything more than covering his weapon . 
 `` what crew is coming ? '' 
 veronica asked him . 
 then she held up her hand . 
 `` no , wait , let me guess , your federal buddies ? 
 they 're coming to my house ? '' 
 `` you think the sheriff 's going to sweep for prints ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 `` no . '' 
 her hand dropped . 
 `` but they will ? '' 
 `` they already have a tech team at last chance . 
 logan and gunner ... those guys are in my debt , veronica . 
 they can do this job for me . 
 hell , it 's the least they can do . 
 someone wants something that your brother-or even you-have , and there 's no telling how far that person will go to get what he wants . '' 
 her steps were slow as she eased off the porch and came toward him . 
 he was positioned with his truck in front of him and the house behind him . 
 good cover , for the moment . 
 she advanced until less than a foot separated them . 
 `` you think ... you think this was just about finding something i have ? '' 
 yeah , he did . 
 `` but m-my clothes ... '' her lips trembled . 
 `` all of the things in my room . 
 there was so much fury in there . 
 so much hate . '' 
 she raked a hand through her hair . 
 `` how 'd he get in ? 
 how 'd he get past my alarm ? '' 
 `` if you know what you 're doing , it 's easy enough to bypass most alarms . '' 
 with the right tools . 
 unless , of course , the intruder had already known the code for her system . 
 then all he would have needed to do was type in the digits . 
 did n't get simpler than that . 
 `` you told wyatt a few minutes ago ... '' her gaze darted to the stables . 
 `` you said someone was watching me ? '' 
 jasper nodded . 
 she crept even closer . 
 the wind blew the scent of honeysuckles toward him . 
 he stiffened , aware that this was n't the time to get turned on by her . 
 but then , he seemed to get turned on every time he looked at her . 
 `` i 've felt like someone was watching me for a while now . '' 
 her confession was stark . 
 the breath hissed between his teeth . 
 `` why did n't you tell me ? '' 
 `` i told the sheriff . '' 
 her shoulders rolled . 
 `` he came out and checked a few times , but did n't see anything . 
 i thought ... i thought i was just being paranoid . '' 
 paranoid , his as - `` it started about two months ago . 
 i do n't even know what made me nervous at first . '' 
 her gaze was on the stable . 
 `` the horses ... i think it was them ... they seemed agitated one day . 
 i heard them neighing and pushing at their stalls . 
 i went out to check , but nothing was wrong . '' 
 or the watcher had just slipped away before she 'd gotten to the stables . 
 because he needed to know just how often the watcher could have been around , jasper asked , `` do you just feel like you 're being watched at the ranch ? '' 
 she shook her head , glanced back at him . 
 `` i felt that way in town once or twice . 
 i 'd hear footsteps , look over my shoulder , but no one would be there . '' 
 her shoulders hunched . 
 `` you really think that someone 's been watching me this long ? 
 i have n't just been imagining it ? '' 
 he knew his eyes said that , yes , he thought that . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` because maybe you are n't the only one looking for cale . '' 
 not even close . 
 `` maybe the others think you 're their key to finding him . '' 
 that was what the eod had thought . 
 that cale would never completely leave his sister . 
 he 'd come back for her , sooner rather than later . 
 `` you are his only living relative . '' 
 `` they want to ... use me against him ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` looks that way . '' 
 the words were stilted . 
 i 'm using you . 
 `` cale 's done something ... bad . '' 
 serious understatement . 
 she sounded almost like a lost child , but maybe that was the point . 
 she saw cale as the big , protective older brother . 
 perfect . 
 strong . 
 now she was starting to wonder about his flaws . 
 `` think about this , '' he urged her . 
 `` what would someone want to find in that house ? 
 did cale keep anything special there ? 
 you said you went through his computer before . '' 
 `` his computer was n't touched . '' 
 how was she so sure ? 
 `` i , um , put a special security system on it . 
 trust me on this , no one will be getting past that . '' 
 if not the computer , then what would cale have ? 
 why suddenly get so desperate to find it ? 
 if the watcher had been eyeing the house for months , then the guy could have broken in anytime . 
 but he 'd chosen that specific day . 
 chosen a time hours after reed montgomery was killed . 
 `` veronica ! '' 
 she turned at the sheriff 's call . 
 he hurried down the front steps , a worried frown pulling his brows low . 
 `` veronica , those feds just called me . 
 they 're sending a team out here . '' 
 he gave her a fierce stare . 
 `` i do n't know how long it will take them to sweep for prints , but i just ... i do n't think you should be staying out here by yourself . 
 not with these murders going on . '' 
 murders that were shattering the peace of whiskey ridge . 
 `` there 's only one motel in town , '' she said , lips curving in a smile that was sad . 
 `` if i leave my house , do n't you think anyone watching me would realize exactly where i 'd gone ? '' 
 `` you can stay with me , '' wyatt offered at once . 
 jasper stiffened . 
 he did n't like the way he 'd caught the sheriff staring at veronica . 
 a guy knew lust when he saw it . 
 the sheriff was n't about to get cozy with veronica . 
 jasper knew the jealousy for exactly what it was . 
 stay away from her . 
 he glared the message at the sheriff . 
 only the sheriff was n't looking at him . 
 his total focus was on veronica . 
 `` you do n't need to be alone , '' wyatt continued , and that was when jasper realized that the sheriff 's voice was a little too intense . 
 emotions hummed beneath the surface . 
 `` you should n't be alone . 
 i can - '' `` she 's not alone , '' jasper growled . 
 then , when wyatt glanced over at him , jasper offered the sheriff a tiger 's smile . 
 `` i 'm standing right here . '' 
 the sheriff narrowed his eyes . 
 when he spoke , his voice was clipped now . 
 not filled with warm emotion . 
 biting with fury . 
 `` i did some checking on you . 
 sure , you got bureau friends , but i know about you . '' 
 no , the sheriff knew what his fake bio said . 
 the bio that sydney had put in place for him . 
 `` you 've been to every hellhole on earth , and you left a trail of bullets and bodies behind you . '' 
 `` i was following orders , '' jasper said , his own anger rousing . 
 the guy was trying to attack him ? 
 trying to make veronica doubt him ? 
 `` sometimes orders are n't pretty . '' 
 `` yes , but that was when you were in the military . 
 years ago . 
 you 've been in bar fights , brawls . 
 you 've - '' he wanted to get in a good , hard fight right now with the sheriff . '' 
 - got connections with some shady characters who have spent most of their lives in jail . '' 
 the sheriff turned his gaze back to veronica . 
 `` i do n't think you should trust him . 
 you know me . 
 i can help you . '' 
 damn it . 
 the last thing he needed was this guy trying to play white knight . 
 or trying to get in veronica 's bed . 
 back off , wyatt . 
 back . 
 off . 
 jasper 's hands clenched into fists . 
 veronica cast a fast glance at jasper , then turned back to the sheriff . 
 `` when i needed help , jasper was the first person to listen to me . 
 the first to agree that he 'd try and find cale . '' 
 veronica shook her head . 
 `` i begged you for months , wyatt , but you would n't even fill out a missing person 's report . '' 
 `` because cale was supposed to be on a mission - '' `` i trust jasper . '' 
 damn straight . 
 he flashed another hard smile at the sheriff . 
 wyatt 's glittering gaze met his . 
 `` i do n't . 
 check your timeline , ronnie . 
 he comes to town , and folks start dying . 
 he comes to town , and your place gets trashed . '' 
 `` i was with him then . '' 
 `` maybe he has a partner . 
 maybe he has - '' the sheriff was accusing him ? 
 jasper stepped forward . 
 `` get some facts to back up any accusations you 're making . '' 
 veronica pushed between the men . 
 `` calm down , both of you . '' 
 her breath expelled in a rush . 
 `` wyatt , jasper may have shady friends , but so do you . 
 so does cale . 
 i 've seen them . 
 heck , i told you that i 'd been going through old photos of his and just the pictures of some of those guys intimidated me . '' 
 guys like reed montgomery . 
 she paused , then said , `` he may have some dangerous friends , but jasper also has some friends who are coming in very handy . '' 
 she tilted her head and studied the sheriff . 
 `` if he was involved in this , would he be pulling in the feds ? 
 jasper is helping us , getting more done than - '' you . 
 she did n't finish her sentence . 
 maybe she did n't have to . 
 veronica touched the sheriff 's shoulder . 
 `` i 'm sorry , but i trust jasper . '' 
 `` what if you 're making a mistake ? '' 
 wyatt asked her , voice raw . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 she did n't look at jasper when she whispered this confession . 
 jasper put his arm around veronica 's shoulder . 
 he pulled her against his side . 
 the woman seemed to fit him so well . 
 `` i 'm going to stay with her . 
 i wo n't let anyone hurt her . '' 
 `` you 'd better not . '' 
 with that snarl , wyatt turned away and marched back into the house . 
 veronica watched him go . 
 jasper wanted to ask her about the sheriff . 
 about the possessive gaze he had swept over her . 
 but now her eyes were on him , and for a second , he did n't say anything at all . 
 `` i have to do something , '' she said . 
 `` i ca n't just stay here and watch some crime techs go through all my things . '' 
 and she could n't search through the house to see what had been taken , not until logan 's crew arrived . 
 he blew out a slow breath . 
 `` let 's search the rest of the property . '' 
 well , the north end , for now . 
 `` any buildings or places where someone can hole up for a while . '' 
 rain was coming , so they were working against the clock , or rather , the weather . 
 jasper wanted to get out there and see if there were any fresh tracks before the rain washed those tracks away . 
 but , judging by the gathering clouds , there was n't gon na be much time . 
 `` you think the person who broke into my house - '' `` it 's a lot of land . 
 i just want to be sure . '' 
 her lips pressed together as she thought for a moment , and then she said , `` i searched the area , went in all the sheds and the two cabins , about a month ago . 
 i did n't see anything then . '' 
 her lips pulled down . 
 `` that was my third search . 
 i thought that maybe cale was in one of those places . '' 
 maybe he is now . 
 because jasper sure thought the man was back in town . 
 `` let 's look again , '' he murmured . 
 `` sometimes you just need a fresh pair of eyes . '' 
 or a trained gaze that was used to seeing what most people missed . 
 like the faint signs left by another hunter 's presence . 
 in the distance , thunder rumbled . 
 he nodded toward the truck . 
 `` let 's tell the sheriff where we 're heading . 
 if we hurry , we can beat the storm . '' 
 and catch anyone who might be lingering around , waiting for another moment to strike . 
 not on my watch . 
 * * * there was n't exactly a road that led over the ranch 's property . 
 not a real road , anyway . 
 dirt and some gravel . 
 if you tried hard , you could almost follow a trail . 
 sometimes . 
 the truck bounced along the path , heaving over the terrain . 
 veronica tried to shove all the dark images out of her head-not images about her slashed items , but images of reed montgomery . 
 his last minutes . 
 what did her clothes matter compared to what he 'd suffered ? 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 her head snapped up at jasper 's drawl . 
 `` f-fine . '' 
 `` you seemed to be about a million miles away . '' 
 not nearly that far . 
 last chance was n't nearly that far away . 
 she swallowed . 
 there was a question she wanted to ask , but she was n't sure how he would react . 
 `` jasper ... '' she glanced at him from the corner of her eye . 
 his profile was strong , hard , his attention seemingly all on the area before the truck . 
 his gaze swept over the land , going from left to right , then back again , every few moments . 
 `` what 's it like to kill a man ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 his stare flew to her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 there had n't been an easy way to ask the question . 
 `` you 've killed . 
 i know it . '' 
 just like her brother . 
 `` reed-the man who killed him ... i was wondering ... '' `` killing in combat is damn well not the same thing as killing in cold blood . '' 
 no . 
 `` but it 's still taking a life . '' 
 he growled . 
 `` does it leave a scar inside ? '' 
 she could n't stop herself . 
 `` or do you not feel it at all ? '' 
 cale had n't seemed to feel anything after his missions . 
 or if he had , he sure had n't told her about any weakness . 
 `` you asking if it 's easy to kill and walk away ? '' 
 no . 
 maybe . 
 she just - `` it 's not easy . 
 it 's never easy . 
 when you 're on a mission , you do what has to be done to protect your unit . 
 you take a life to save lives . 
 and you do n't just forget it the instant the body hits the sand . '' 
 the sand ? 
 `` you do n't forget the memories . 
 you remember the smells and the colors and the sights of the land around you . 
 you remember your enemy 's scent . 
 the way he looked when he fell . 
 the way the blood felt on your hands if you were close . '' 
 his words were fast and hard , hitting like bullets in the car . 
 `` if you kill from a distance , it 's not better . 
 you hear the sounds of the shots . 
 the last cry a target makes ... you do n't forget . 
 those images can haunt your dreams . '' 
 his fingers tightened around the steering wheel . 
 `` a soldier is n't a sociopath . 
 he 's no serial killer . 
 he does his job . 
 he protects his country and his team . 
 the serials out there , the killers who walk the streets ... i do n't know what the hell they think or feel . 
 i 'm not even sure they do feel . '' 
 his answer was n't what she 'd expected . 
 not necessarily what she 'd hoped to hear . 
 she knew why cale had left the army . 
 knew about the psych evaluation gone wrong . 
 what category does cale belong to ... soldier ? 
 sociopath ? 
 she 'd hoped that by listening to jasper , a man who 'd been through so many of the same experiences that had marked her brother , she 'd - what ? 
 veronica rubbed her forehead . 
 that she 'd understand the killer better ? 
 understand cale ? 
 understand the dark and dangerous man beside her ? 
 sighing , veronica said , `` i did n't ask to upset you . '' 
 `` why did you ask ? '' 
 `` to understand you . '' 
 `` is understanding me that important to you ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 simple . 
 silence then . 
 she waited , not speaking again , just listening to the roll of thunder . 
 the storm was coming closer . 
 leaning forward , veronica stared up through the windshield . 
 the sky looked almost black . 
 `` i 'm not sure how much longer this storm 's gon na hold off . '' 
 not long enough for them to get back to the main house , that was for sure . 
 and trying to drive over this faint path in a strong storm ... a shiver slid over her . 
 after her recent attack on the road , she sure was n't eager for another crash . 
 `` how much longer until we reach the cabin ? '' 
 jasper asked her . 
 `` about five minutes . 
 maybe ten . 
 keep going straight , turn right when you see the stream . '' 
 her hands were flat against the dashboard . 
 she pushed herself back , feeling the seat belt pull over her shoulder . 
 `` i 'm not your brother . '' 
 veronica was so shocked by his words that she almost forgot the impending storm . 
 `` i never thought you were . '' 
 if she had , then she sure would n't have made out with him . 
 `` the things i do ... what i feel ... that 's me . '' 
 uh , okay . 
 `` i grew up in the system , too . 
 became an army ranger just like him , so maybe you think that somehow makes - '' `` the system ? '' 
 she cut across his words , straightening . 
 `` you mean the foster-care system ? '' 
 a quick nod . 
 `` i did n't know that . 
 cale never told me . '' 
 `` not really much to tell . 
 thousands of kids hit the system every year . '' 
 a shrug . 
 `` i was one of them . '' 
 his gaze was searching the area before them once more . 
 `` did your parents die , too ? '' 
 she could understand his loss . 
 the pain he 'd felt when they 'd died . 
 `` they did n't die . 
 they just did n't want me . '' 
 instinctively , she shook her head . 
 `` no , i 'm sure that 's not - '' `` my dad split when he found out my mom was pregnant . 
 my mother kept me for a couple of years , just long enough to realize that she did n't want to be stuck with a kid . 
 then she dumped me in the waiting room of a local hospital . '' 
 she wanted to touch him , to comfort him . 
 there was no emotion in his voice , but she could feel his pain . 
 `` i never saw her again , '' he said . 
 his knuckles were white around the wheel . 
 `` did you want to ? '' 
 dumb question . 
 surely , he 'd dreamed of his mother coming back . 
 `` no . 
 i never wanted to see her again . 
 the only thing she ever did was hit me and yell at me . 
 i was glad to be free . '' 
 his gaze flashed over to her . 
 she held his gaze for a moment , then he glanced back at the road . 
 it was her turn to talk then . 
 `` maybe you think you know me , because you 've heard bits and pieces of my life over the years . 
 but i 'm more than just cale 's little sister . 
 more than just the woman who stutters in the corner and - '' `` your stutter 's sexy . '' 
 a hard pause . 
 `` and if anyone tried to put you in a corner , i 'd kick their ass . '' 
 oh . 
 she glanced toward the windshield . 
 the rain was coming down in hard pellets now . 
 so much for beating the storm . 
 `` t-turn right . '' 
 the stutter did n't embarrass her now . 
 but her cheeks still glowed . 
 the truck slowed , turned . 
 a few minutes later , the cabin was in sight . 
 more thunder rumbled , and when she climbed out of the truck , lightning flashed across the sky . 
 the drops of rain beat against her skin , growing harder with every step she took . 
 jasper had his gun out . 
 he paused on the old , slightly sagging porch , and glanced at her . 
 the droplets of rain clung to his skin . 
 `` stay behind me when we go inside . '' 
 because he thought the watcher might be there ? 
 or because he thought her brother could be inside ? 
 trust him . 
 veronica nodded . 
 then jasper pushed open the door and rushed inside the darkness . 
 chapter seven the cabin was deserted . 
 jasper checked every closet , checked under the bed and even did a scan of the outside perimeter . 
 their watcher was n't there . 
 neither was cale . 
 but there was no dust inside the place . 
 the bed was made , and some canned goods were even stocked in the small kitchen . 
 someone could have been there , and that someone could have covered his tracks pretty well . 
 the generator had n't been turned on , but that would have been a dead giveaway to someone else 's presence in the cabin . 
 since he was n't trying to hide his presence , jasper flipped on that generator . 
 the lights flashed , and he saw veronica rubbing her arms . 
 he picked up a blanket from the back of the old couch . 
 `` here . '' 
 his voice was gruff . 
 he 'd been too abrupt with her in the truck . 
 but her questions had been like a knife , cutting into old wounds . 
 no one wants you , not even your own mother . 
 the other kids at his school had n't wasted much time in making his life hell . 
 then when he 'd grown older , he 'd discovered there were other kinds of hells , especially on the battlefield . 
 her fingers curled around the blanket . 
 `` th-thank you . '' 
 he ran a hand through his damp hair . 
 the cabin seemed to shake around them with the force of the rattling thunder . 
 `` we are n't getting back to the main house tonight . '' 
 she shook her head . 
 `` i do n't want to try and drive through this . '' 
 he did n't want to push her right into one of her nightmares . 
 he reached for his phone , called the sheriff . 
 `` it 's jasper . '' 
 the sheriff immediately started asking questions , all about veronica . 
 back off , man . 
 yeah , it was pretty obvious the guy was sweet on veronica . 
 jasper glanced over at her . 
 so am i . 
 a complication he sure had n't counted on when he 'd signed up for the mission . 
 `` we 're staying at the cabin on the north end of the property . 
 no , no , '' jasper said , when the sheriff tried to interrupt , `` we are n't coming back tonight . 
 we 'll check in tomorrow , once the storm has blown past us . '' 
 he ended the call over the sheriff 's objections . 
 jasper stared at veronica a moment , then asked , `` is he always like that ? '' 
 she looked over her shoulder at him . 
 her wet hair was a dark mass around her neck . 
 `` like what ? '' 
 `` he does n't want you out of his sight . '' 
 i understand how that feels . 
 veronica shrugged . 
 `` he 's protective of everyone in whiskey ridge . '' 
 what ? 
 of all two hundred folks scattered around ? 
 jasper began to stalk toward her . 
 his fingers were itching to touch the softness of her skin . 
 no , he just wanted to touch her . 
 `` it 's different , '' he said . 
 `` i can see it in his eyes . '' 
 and it made him ... jealous . 
 he knew the bitter taste-he 'd felt it before . 
 too often . 
 jealous of the kids with real homes , real families . 
 `` he wants you , '' jasper said flatly . 
 her lashes lifted and she met his gaze . 
 `` the question is ... '' do n't touch her , not yet . 
 the rain pounded down outside , tapping hard against the old tin roof . 
 `` do you want him ? '' 
 if she did , he 'd back off . 
 because he was n't going to - `` are you really that blind ? '' 
 she asked him with a shake of her head and a faint smile . 
 `` ca n't you tell that you 're the one i want ? '' 
 she was the one he was desperate to have . 
 they were alone . 
 sheltered from the storm . 
 no interruptions . 
 no danger . 
 just ... them . 
 his fingers rose , traced the soft curve of her cheek . 
 slid down , down , and then he was cupping her chin , tilting her head back . 
 he tasted the lingering raindrops on her lips . 
 just the touch of her lips against his sent a powerful wave of desire pulsing through his body . 
 the kiss started gentle . 
 she deserved gentle . 
 she was delicate and warm and everything he wanted . 
 but it was hard to stay gentle when he wanted her so badly that his hands were starting to shake . 
 his arousal pressed against the front of his jeans . 
 heavy , hard , aching-for her . 
 `` do n't be a tease this time , '' she whispered . 
 `` if you want me , it 's just about me . 
 not about owing anyone anything . 
 just me . 
 just you . '' 
 the blanket fell from her shoulders . 
 veronica 's arms rose and wrapped around him . 
 she pulled him closer , and closer was exactly where he wanted to be . 
 just me . 
 just you . 
 the kiss became deeper . 
 hotter . 
 he forgot about the chill from the rain , because the woman was burning him up . 
 her soft fingers pushed up his shirt . 
 jasper was only too eager to toss that shirt across the room . 
 then his hands went to her shirt . 
 go easy . 
 go easy . 
 the mantra was repeating in his head . 
 `` you do n't have to , '' she whispered . 
 he frowned at her . 
 what was she saying ? 
 `` i like you anyway-you do n't have to be easy for me . '' 
 the mantra had n't just been in his head , and the woman was about to shred his control . 
 he lifted her shirt , carefully , then tossed it to the floor . 
 she wore a black bra , one that was n't covered in lace , but was just as incredibly sexy as it pushed up her beautiful br ** sts . 
 he stared at her a moment , savoring the view , and then he had to touch that tempting flesh . 
 her bra hit the floor . 
 his fingers curled around her br ** sts . 
 veronica gasped and arched toward him . 
 her nails bit into his arms . 
 he liked that bite . 
 a lot . 
 he lifted her into the air , carrying her easily . 
 `` jasper ? '' 
 five steps , and he had her at the bed . 
 he lowered her onto the covers . 
 the mattress squeaked beneath them . 
 the rain kept falling . 
 the thunder echoed across the sky . 
 he pressed a kiss to her breast . 
 stroked her with his hands and he loved the way that she arched into his touch . 
 her br ** sts were so sensitive , and they tasted so damn sweet . 
 while he kissed her flesh , his hand slid down between their bodies . 
 her shoes were gone , kicked away , and he wanted her jeans gone , too . 
 he 'd fantasized about having her naked beneath him , and that fantasy was about to become all too real . 
 as long as his control would last . 
 he wanted to devour her . 
 jasper could n't ever remember wanting a woman so badly . 
 his heart raced , a drumbeat that shook his chest and echoed in his ears . 
 his fingers pulled down her zipper , yanked open the snap . 
 then his fingers were pushing inside that opening , and caressing her through the thin silk of her panties . 
 his eyes locked on her face , on the pleasure that whispered over her beautiful features . 
 her eyes had gone even brighter with that pleasure . 
 she was warm and soft beneath the silk . 
 he could n't tell where the silk ended and she began . 
 `` jasper , i need you . '' 
 he was desperate for her . 
 she lifted her hips , shoved down her jeans . 
 he pulled away from her , only long enough to ditch the rest of his own clothes and grab the protection that he 'd - optimistically-put in his wallet earlier . 
 in seconds , he was back , pushing his body between her legs , letting his hands and mouth caress her flesh and loving the soft moans that spilled from her mouth . 
 he wanted her ready for him , wanted to make this as good for her as he possibly could . 
 it has to be good . 
 she has to want me . 
 he positioned his aroused flesh at the entrance of her body . 
 his fingers twined with hers , and he pushed her hands back against the bed . 
 then , slowly-will keep my control , will keep-he began to push into her . 
 and realized , very , very quickly , just what she 'd meant when she 'd told him that she did n't have a line of partners as he did . 
 because she had n't been with any other partners . 
 jasper froze , even as every instinct he possessed demanded that he take her . 
 that he thrust forward and claim the pleasure that waited . 
 `` veronica ? '' 
 her legs wrapped around his hips and she pushed toward him . 
 `` why are you stopping ? '' 
 `` because i do n't want to hurt you . '' 
 he growled the stark truth . 
 her bright gaze held his . 
 there was so much trust in her stare . 
 `` you wo n't . 
 i want you . '' 
 he thrust into her . 
 she gasped , and he was worried it was from pain , but then she was smiling at him , a smile that made his chest ache , and she met his thrusts , holding him tight , moving in perfect rhythm with him . 
 faster and faster . 
 the tension built within him , but no way was he going to find release without ensuring veronica 's pleasure . 
 he shifted positions slightly , making sure that the angle of his thrusts would press his flesh against the most sensitive part of veronica 's body . 
 again and again , he drove into her . 
 he kissed her , tasting her need and desire . 
 his fingers were still locked with hers . 
 her sex clenched around him . 
 her body tensed . 
 then she was pressing up harder , driving for the release that was so close for them both . 
 his control began to crack . 
 the thrusts were deeper , wilder . 
 the ripples of her release squeezed around his flesh . 
 nothing had ever felt so good . 
 nothing - then his own pleasure hit him , swamping out every other thought and sending him crashing into a climax so intense that the world fell away for an instant . 
 there was only veronica . 
 soft flesh . 
 sweet taste . 
 only him holding her , still thrusting into her . 
 his mouth lifted from hers . 
 their eyes held . 
 he looked into her gaze , and realized he was looking at the one thing he 'd always wanted . 
 and the one thing that fate just might try to take away from him . 
 want her . 
 need her . 
 no matter what happened in the coming days , he 'd fight like hell to keep her with him . 
 * * * the storm kept him away . 
 he knew that jasper had gone out searching for him . 
 knew that jasper and veronica were holed up in the cabin . 
 he could try to get to them now , but he 'd have to battle the rain and the wind and the lightning that had already hit two trees . 
 the storm would mute the sounds of his approach , but he would n't be able to fire on them in this weather . 
 he 'd have to go in , fight hand to hand against them both . 
 he did n't want to tangle with jasper , not with bare hands . 
 but using bullets ? 
 that was a whole different story . 
 his fingers curled over the gun that he kept with him . 
 he 'd found his own shelter . 
 he would stay there , until the storm was gone . 
 then he 'd use his weapon . 
 he 'd find jasper and veronica . 
 you wo n't mess this up for me . 
 i worked too hard . 
 he knew exactly where they were-his advantage . 
 he could pick off jasper , take out the man with just a squeeze of his trigger finger . 
 one down , one to go . 
 so easy . 
 all he had to do was wait . 
 the storm would n't last forever . 
 it never did . 
 just . 
 wait . 
 good thing he was a patient man , and one hell of a fine shot . 
 * * * `` why ? '' 
 jasper 's rumbling voice pulled veronica from the light sleep that she 'd slipped into for just a few moments . 
 she blinked , turned and found jasper staring down at her . 
 she smiled up at him , still feeling too good to let any inhibitions cloud her moment . 
 `` you waited twenty-eight years to take a lover , '' jasper pressed . 
 `` why the hell did you choose me ? '' 
 `` how did you know i was twenty-eight ? '' 
 he growled . 
 `` your brother must have told me your birthday . '' 
 her smile stretched a bit . 
 he sure sounded stressed . 
 but as for the waiting part ... that was easy . 
 `` because i 've got good taste ? '' 
 he blinked at her . 
 `` you what ? '' 
 she laughed then , unable to help herself . 
 `` i wanted you , jasper . 
 there 's no big mystery there . 
 i wanted you . 
 i chose you . '' 
 as simple as that . 
 or , actually , maybe it was more complicated , but she did n't want to examine her feelings too deeply just now . 
 could n't they just talk about desire ? 
 men and women wanted each other every day . 
 they made love every day . 
 why were she and jasper so different from everyone else ? 
 we are n't . 
 just a man . 
 and a woman . 
 her fingers slid over his chest . 
 over the scars that crisscrossed his flesh . 
 so much pain . 
 so many battles . 
 when she thought of all he 'd endured , it made her heart ache . 
 his muscles were rock-hard beneath her touch . 
 his flesh was so hot that her fingers almost felt singed . 
 and , of course , she was drawn to the fire . 
 she rose and pressed a kiss to the slanting scar on his shoulder . 
 he stiffened . 
 she pressed another kiss to the jagged scar too close to his heart . 
 one to the long scar that sliced across his stomach . 
 with every kiss , he seemed to become even more tense . 
 `` why do you risk your life so much ? '' 
 she asked quietly as she feathered another kiss over a scar that whispered of his pain . 
 what are you trying to prove ? 
 but she would n't ask that question . 
 she 'd already asked him enough questions that hurt . 
 his fingers curled around her arms . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 was he telling her to stop kissing him ? 
 or stop trying to know the man he was , beneath the scars and that sexy grin ? 
 `` you deserved better , '' he gritted . 
 she shook her head and said what she knew to be true . 
 `` there is n't anyone better than you . '' 
 in a flash , she found herself on her back , crushed into the soft covers , with a very fierce jasper over her . 
 `` you break through my control . '' 
 her heart raced as she held his gaze . 
 `` you do n't need control with me . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 ragged . 
 `` i need it more with you than with anyone else . '' 
 the words did n't frighten her , but they did turn her on . 
 `` can you take me again ? '' 
 he asked , desire darkening his eyes . 
 `` try to stop me , '' she whispered . 
 yes , she 'd been a virgin , but she was n't about to pretend shyness with him . 
 when she 'd been growing up , most guys had n't looked at her twice . 
 she truly had been the stuttering girl in the corner , the girl with no confidence and old clothes . 
 then when she 'd gotten older , she just had n't been interested in playing games with lovers who did n't care about her . 
 she had n't been interested , until jasper . 
 he was different . 
 he cared . 
 she trusted him . 
 he is different . 
 maybe he was just the guy she 'd always been looking for . 
 someone to hold her in a storm . 
 to laugh with her in the sunlight . 
 to even love her ? 
 he took care of the protection-he must have been a boy scout-then he was pushing into her with a long , slow surge of his hips . 
 her body quickened beneath him , her heart racing , br ** sts tightening , sex aching . 
 pleasure still pulsed through her , and every move of his hips had her already sensitive body yearning more for him . 
 it was n't a slow rise to release this time . 
 his thrusts came harder . 
 wilder . 
 deeper . 
 she felt him along every inch of her flesh , as if he were trying to imprint himself on her body . 
 the bed shook beneath them . 
 he drove into her , pushing with a leashed ferocity . 
 she met that ferocity , took everything that he had and demanded more . 
 because she was n't going to settle for less than taking everything that he had to give . 
 when the climax hit , it seemed to explode over them both at the same time . 
 she held tightly to him , curling her arms around him , and he held just as tightly to her . 
 she could feel the frantic race of his heart-or was that hers ? 
 then she realized it did n't matter . 
 nothing mattered in that moment ... just pleasure . 
 just him . 
 * * * gunner ortez swore when the lightning hit the tree beside him , coming far too close for his peace of mind . 
 `` hurry inside ! '' 
 sydney yelled from the entrance of the small shack they 'd stumbled across moments before . 
 the ground was soaked , gutted , and their suv had gotten stuck in the sludge . 
 with the sky opening up above them and the deluge battering down upon them , they 'd been lucky to find this dry spot . 
 he brushed by her , heading inside the small area . 
 the wind howled behind him , and he turned , shoving the door closed . 
 sydney 's footsteps shuffled softly by him in the dark . 
 then he heard the scratch of a match . 
 light flared , too brief , too small , but then sydney was lifting a lantern and the light grew stronger . 
 there were blankets on the floor of the shack . 
 a few more lanterns . 
 `` looks like we are n't the only ones who found this place , '' sydney murmured as her gaze swept around the room , lingering in the corners-in the dark shadows . 
 he tensed and automatically reached for his weapon , but the other visitor-whoever it had been-was gone . 
 for now . 
 `` we 'll stay alert , '' gunner said with a nod , `` just in case he comes back . '' 
 because while gunner knew he was one of the best trackers working for uncle sam , even he was n't much good in a storm like this . 
 all footprints and broken branches that would normally mark a person 's passage would be gone , thanks to the rain and the wind . 
 the storm would provide the perfect cover for cale lane . 
 but you wo n't catch me unaware . 
 because gunner had one motto ... never let down your guard . 
 sydney walked closer to him . 
 why could n't he seem to apply his motto to her ? 
 her hair was wet-they 'd both gotten soaked before finding this place-and she shivered . 
 immediately , he grabbed for one of the blankets and wrapped it around her shoulders . 
 her fingers brushed against his . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 he jumped back , moving faster than if she 'd shot him . 
 and he 'd been shot plenty of times . 
 sydney frowned . 
 `` gunner ? '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` the storm is n't going to be letting up anytime soon . '' 
 which meant he and sydney might have to bunk down for the night . 
 a night with sydney . 
 hell . 
 more torture for him . 
 `` why do you always pull away ? '' 
 the quiet question shocked him , so he lied . 
 but , in one way or another , it seemed as if he 'd been lying to her for years . 
 `` i do n't know what you mean , syd . '' 
 she growled . 
 an angry little sound that should n't have been sexy . 
 unfortunately , everything she did seemed sexy to him . 
 that was a big part of his problem . 
 hands off . 
 but his hands wanted to be ... on . 
 he put as much distance between them as he could . 
 since the shack was about nine feet long , that was n't a whole lot of space . 
 `` you know exactly what i mean . '' 
 then she started to stalk toward him . 
 `` i want a real answer . '' 
 she 'd put the lantern down , but the light spilled just enough for him to clearly see that her delicate face was set in determination . 
 she closed in on him . 
 he raised his hands-have to touch her-and curled his fingers around her shoulders . 
 `` we 're working a case . 
 we 're partners , that 's all . '' 
 she stared back up at him . 
 her lips were full and parted , and he wanted to kiss her . 
 he 'd wanted to kiss her for years . 
 she 's not yours . 
 he had to keep reminding himself of that fact . 
 sydney was n't meant to be with him . 
 she 'd been engaged to his half brother . 
 she and slade were the ones who should have had the happy ending . 
 the picket fence . 
 that whole picture-perfect dream . 
 not . 
 me . 
 but slade was dead now . 
 and sydney was lifting her hand to touch his face . 
 her fingers rasped over the faint stubble that coated his jaw . 
 `` do n't , '' he gritted out . 
 `` why not ? '' 
 `` we 're on a mission - '' `` and we 're alone . 
 we can talk , without anyone else hearing us . 
 without anyone else watching us . '' 
 her hand dropped . 
 he did n't let her go . 
 maybe he did n't want to . 
 `` you almost died on our last case . 
 do you know how that made me feel ? '' 
 he 'd cheated death more times than he could count . 
 unlike slade . 
 some nights , gunner could still hear the echoes of sydney 's cries . 
 he 'd had to pull her away from slade 's body . 
 force her out of that hell of a jungle and get her to safety . 
 i lost him , but i damn sure was n't going to lose her , too . 
 she was staring up at him now , waiting for a response , her body a silken temptation . 
 he exhaled slowly . 
 `` i 'm sure you were worried . '' 
 because sydney worried about everyone . 
 her heart was too big ; she cared too much . 
 `` i was n't worried , '' she said immediately , heat in her words . 
 `` i was terrified . 
 i do n't want anything happening to you . '' 
 and he 'd die before he 'd let anything happen to her . 
 she was the whole reason he was still with the eod . 
 the better to keep watch on her . 
 the better to stay close to her . 
 he was still touching her . 
 hands . 
 off . 
 he pulled his hands away , clenched his fists . 
 `` i think about you . '' 
 her voice had dropped to a husky whisper . 
 a pause , then , `` do you think about me ? '' 
 too much . 
 `` slade . '' 
 it was an effort to force the name out . 
 like cutting open a wound that had just started to heal . 
 `` you - '' `` i do n't want to crawl into the ground with him . '' 
 he was n't so sure . 
 right after he 'd brought her back from south america , he 'd had to watch her so closely . 
 then he 'd been the one to be terrified . 
 but sydney had healed in the past two years , become stronger and started to look more like the vibrant woman he remembered , and not a ghost . 
 `` i want to live . 
 i want a life again . '' 
 his heart began to pound too heavily in his chest . 
 what was she saying ? 
 `` you saved me that day , and , gunner , i want to be with you . '' 
 she rose onto her toes . 
 her body pressed against his . 
 her lips touched his - he should have pushed her away in that first instant . 
 gunner knew that he should have pushed her away . 
 he should n't have locked his arms around her as if he was desperate . 
 he should n't have held so tightly as if she were his lifeline . 
 he definitely should n't have kissed her so wildly-as if he needed her more than anything else . 
 but he 'd never kissed her before . 
 never been so close to the thing he wanted the most . 
 so he kissed her , he became reckless with his need and did n't pull back . 
 he did n't push her away and tell her that what they were doing was wrong . 
 because it felt too right . 
 his hand slid beneath her hair , tilted her head back . 
 the kiss became deeper . 
 she trembled against him . 
 her fingers were over his chest , her right hand over his heart . 
 he wanted to strip her clothes away . 
 to kiss every inch of her , to claim her . 
 she is n't yours to claim . 
 the reminder burned through his mind . 
 his head lifted . 
 `` i wanted you to do that , '' sydney whispered . 
 `` for so long now . '' 
 he stiffened . 
 this was n't hands off . 
 he tried to force his hands to free her . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` you want me . 
 i want you . '' 
 she rose onto her toes and pressed a quick kiss to his lips . 
 `` why ca n't we have what we want ? '' 
 because she did n't know the secret guilt that he carried . 
 if she did , sydney would never let him close to her again . 
 he did n't answer her , but he did back away . 
 her hands fell to her sides . 
 `` will he always be between us ? '' 
 the question was like a punch to his gut . 
 `` he 's gone , gunner . 
 as much as that truth hurts us both ... slade is gone . '' 
 because he 'd left his brother to die in a jungle , seen him get taken down by gunfire that ripped into slade 's chest . 
 but i did n't get him out of there . 
 i got sydney out . 
 slade 's grave was a jungle in the middle of peru . 
 slade had never come home , not even in death . 
 `` why is it me ? '' 
 gunner rasped the question when he 'd meant to remain silent . 
 sydney blinked at him as if lost . 
 but she could n't be lost . 
 the suspicion that he had ate at his soul . 
 `` when you look at me , do you see him ? '' 
 was that what she wanted ? 
 a substitute for her dead lover ? 
 her indrawn breath was almost painful to hear . 
 `` bastard . '' 
 he was . 
 in every sense of the word . 
 `` i 've moved on , gunner . 
 it tore me apart , but ... i. moved . 
 on . '' 
 her chin was up . 
 her shoulders back . 
 `` i let his ghost go . 
 maybe it 's time you learned to do the same . '' 
 then her phone rang , vibrating in her pocket . 
 she turned away , yanking it from her pocket . 
 `` logan ? '' 
 a brief pause , then , `` yes , we had to seek shelter in a shack on the south ridge . '' 
 gunner ran a rough hand over his face . 
 that had been too close for him . 
 far too close . 
 another few seconds , and he would n't have been able to pull away from her . 
 another few seconds , and he would n't have cared about the secrets that hid in his heart or the guilt that ate him late at night . 
 another few seconds , and he 'd have taken her . 
 but he 'd held strong . 
 he could keep his control . 
 he 'd protect her , always watch out for her , just as he 'd sworn to do . 
 anything else was n't possible . 
 even if he had to keep being the bastard who held sydney at arm 's length . 
 sometimes you ca n't have the one thing that you want most . 
 because you knew , deep down , that you did n't deserve that one thing . 
 * * * sunlight streamed through the blinds , faint streaks of light that shot across the bed , and slid over jasper 's body . 
 and the body of the soft woman in his arms . 
 he did n't move when he first woke , too content to keep holding veronica . 
 he could n't remember the last time he 'd just held someone . 
 maybe because there was n't a memory . 
 she was different . 
 and he was lying to her . 
 hell . 
 the truth would come out , sooner or later . 
 the truth would always come out . 
 when he brought down her brother and the eod agents took cale away , what would he say to veronica then ? 
 sorry about cale . 
 sorry about lying to you . 
 but , hey , maybe we can still hook up ? 
 the sex was incredible . 
 it was more than just the sex . 
 more than just pleasure that he 'd lose if he lost her . 
 she 's more than i thought . 
 she 'd slipped under his guard . 
 strange , when he should have been the one guarding her . 
 `` why do you look sad ? '' 
 his body tensed . 
 he had n't even realized that she 'd been awake . 
 but his gaze rose to her face and he found her stare on him , seeing into him as few others had done . 
 `` i 'm worried about you . '' 
 that was true , even if there was more involved . 
 worried about her safety , worried about losing her . 
 `` why ? 
 you 're here to keep me safe , right ? 
 the big , bad ranger . '' 
 she made him smile . 
 he bent and pressed a kiss to her cheek . 
 `` you 're right-that 's why i 'm here . '' 
 his smile faded . 
 to keep you safe and to bring down your brother . 
 jasper cleared his throat . 
 `` we should head back to the main house . 
 see if wyatt has any more information for us . '' 
 she nodded and slowly pulled away from him . 
 she sat up on the side of the bed , giving him a perfect view of her back and its elegant curve . 
 `` i do n't regret anything that happened , '' she told him , and looked over her shoulder . 
 `` just in case you were curious . '' 
 he rose slowly . 
 the sheets bunched around his waist . 
 `` remember that . '' 
 his knuckles slid down her spine . 
 her skin was so smooth . 
 she sucked in a little gasp when he pressed a kiss to the base of her back . 
 never another like her . 
 he lifted his head . 
 rolled away to his side of the bed , then stood . 
 `` we 'll head back to the house , check in with wyatt , then start searching the rest of the property . '' 
 though he was curious about the progress that sydney and gunner might have made . 
 they probably had been caught in the storm , too . 
 but the team would be back in action soon . 
 he grabbed his jeans , jerked them on and yanked his shirt over his head . 
 he heard the rustle of veronica dressing behind him , and he just had to turn and enjoy the view . 
 a virgin . 
 that news still shocked the hell out of him , but it also ... made him happy . 
 no one else had ever seen her eyes go blind with pleasure . 
 no one else had heard her sweet gasps when her climax hit . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 she 'd caught him staring at her . 
 clearing his throat , jasper told her the truth . 
 he figured she deserved a truth from him . 
 `` you 're beautiful . '' 
 and dangerous to me . 
 so very dangerous . 
 a flush of heat filled her cheeks , and then a warm smile spread over her lips . 
 `` you 're pretty gorgeous yourself . '' 
 right . 
 the woman had seen all his scars . 
 kissed them . 
 he still could n't believe that she 'd done that . 
 she had n't been repulsed or scared . 
 she 'd just been ... loving . 
 perfect . 
 he was so messing everything up with her . 
 he knew it . 
 his breath rushed out . 
 he had to talk with logan . 
 get permission from the eod powers-that-be , aka bruce mercer-the bigwig mystery man who seemed to run elite ops-to brief veronica fully on the situation with cale . 
 she deserved the truth . 
 he could n't , would n't keep lying to her . 
 veronica was dressed now and staring at him a bit uncertainly as her smile wavered . 
 he walked toward her with slow , sure steps . 
 she tilted her head back to look up at him . 
 `` you are n't what i expected , '' he told her . 
 `` is that good ? 
 or bad ? '' 
 both . 
 `` do n't hate me , okay ? '' 
 her brows rose . 
 `` ah , is this typical morning-after etiquette for you ? 
 you tell a woman not to hate you because - '' `` there 's nothing typical about you . '' 
 that was a big part of the problem . 
 if she had n't been getting under his skin , he could have kept playing his part , and he could have stayed the hell away from her last night . 
 but he 'd wanted her too much . 
 a reckoning would come soon . 
 he 'd pay for that desire . 
 as soon as he got her to the main house , he was calling logan and mercer . 
 no more secrets . 
 no more lies . 
 jasper pulled his gun and headed toward the door . 
 he peeked through the blinds of the nearby window , searching the area outside . 
 then he moved to the other windows , scanning and checking . 
 `` do you think someone was watching us l-last night ? '' 
 she asked him , voice suddenly hushed . 
 giving a quick shake of his head , jasper told her , `` no , the storm was too bad . 
 no one was out there . '' 
 and it looked as though no one was out there now . 
 he went back to veronica , took her hand and led her outside . 
 the ground was still wet , heavy with mud , while standing water covered much of the area . 
 driving back to the main house would be tricky , but the truck would handle it . 
 he cast a quick , worried glance at veronica . 
 he did n't want her to have any bad memories if the truck started to slide . 
 she climbed into the truck , buckled her seat belt and said , `` i 'm fine , jasper , '' in a determined way that told him she knew exactly what he 'd been thinking . 
 he hurried around to the driver 's seat . 
 he secured his weapon and cranked up the vehicle . 
 when the engine growled to life , he gently pushed down the gas even as he swept the steering wheel around in a large circle . 
 the driving would be slow going-so damn slow-but he would n't take any risks with veronica . 
 his gaze swept the area up ahead . 
 the storm had knocked over trees , sent the stream to swelling and had pretty much ravaged everything in sight . 
 `` it 's funny , '' veronica murmured . 
 `` once we got together , i forgot all about the storm . '' 
 he started to smile . 
 but then he saw a glint up ahead . 
 a flash of the sun on metal , one big white line that should n't be there . 
 swearing , he jerked the steering wheel to the right , but he made his move too late . 
 gunfire exploded , and a bullet ripped through the windshield . 
 veronica screamed as the truck careened , rushing forward . 
 the bullet had hit him , his blood was seeping out and he could n't control the truck . 
 could n't stop it . 
 the truck slammed into a tree . 
 glass shattered and veronica stopped screaming . 
 chapter eight she was trapped in the car . 
 mommy was n't moving . 
 why was n't she moving ? 
 daddy ? 
 the nightmare of her past tangled with her present . 
 veronica 's hands were against the dashboard . 
 broken glass was all around her . 
 mommy had been bleeding . 
 she 'd been so still . 
 the seat belt bit into her shoulder . 
 she could n't get out of her seat . 
 she was strapped in and she screamed and screamed because something was wrong . 
 she could n't get out . 
 her fingers fumbled . 
 there was a click , and then the seat belt slid free . 
 her body sagged forward . 
 the truck was at some kind of angle-it had slid down a little ravine and slammed into a tree . 
 her forehead was wet . 
 her fingers lifted . 
 blood ? 
 daddy had been bleeding . 
 her fingers fisted . 
 she shoved the memory back into her mind . 
 she was n't a child anymore . 
 and she was n't alone . 
 her head whipped to the right . 
 `` jasper ? '' 
 he was slumped over the steering wheel , not moving . 
 had he been hurt in the crash or ... no , before the crash . 
 the memory of those desperate moments flooded through her . 
 that sound that she 'd heard had n't been thunder . 
 it had been a gunshot . 
 one that had blasted through the windshield-and hit jasper . 
 carefully now , so very carefully , she pushed him back . 
 the sunlight spilled through the broken windows so that she could clearly see his blood-soaked chest . 
 `` jasper ! '' 
 this time , her cry was desperate . 
 his lashes fluttered . 
 `` ver ... onica ? 
 what ... happened ? '' 
 `` someone shot us . '' 
 you . 
 she tried to find his wound , but there was so much blood . 
 she needed to put pressure on the wound . 
 she had to stop the blood . 
 that was what people always did on tv shows . 
 apply pressure . 
 stop the bleeding . 
 his eyes looked bleary . 
 `` get ... out ... '' she leaned toward him . 
 she was so scared that her whole body shook . 
 `` what ? 
 what is it ? '' 
 there was a huge gash near the right side of his forehead . 
 `` have to ... get out ... shooter ... coming ... '' her heart stopped . 
 `` disabled ... vehicle ... sitting duck ... '' she did n't want to be a sitting duck , but jasper had to be suffering from some kind of head trauma if he thought she was just going to run off and leave him there alone . 
 because then he 'd be the sitting duck . 
 her gaze flew around the truck 's interior . 
 where was his cell phone ? 
 hers ? 
 she fumbled next to his seat , found what she thought was his phone and-smashed . 
 his eyes began to sag closed again . 
 `` go ... '' the hell she was just going to leave him . 
 they 'd both go . 
 she 'd drag him out if she had to . 
 and i think i have to . 
 veronica turned away from him and shoved against her door . 
 it was n't budging . 
 she shoved again and again , and then she angled her body and kicked . 
 the door finally groaned open . 
 `` hold on , '' she told jasper as she turned back to touch his cheek once more . 
 her fingers were covered with his blood . 
 `` i 'm coming around to get you . 
 we 'll both get out of here . '' 
 somehow . 
 if she could just find her phone , maybe it would work and she could get wyatt out there . 
 he could help them . 
 she eased from the truck , glanced to the left , then the right . 
 she did n't see anyone , but then , she had n't seen the shooter , either . 
 the blast had just exploded in the truck , wrecking her world . 
 daddy ... daddy ! 
 the memories just would n't stay buried . 
 her fingers curled over the door and she started to slide around the vehicle . 
 the truck had crashed down in the small ravine , which definitely was n't an advantage . 
 a shooter could come up from higher ground and easily take them both out . 
 jasper had been right . 
 they were sitting ducks . 
 she eased toward the back of the truck . 
 she bent low , trying to stay as covered as she could and - hard arms wrapped around her . 
 veronica opened her mouth to scream as she was yanked back against a strong chest . 
 her scream never escaped . 
 a hand was pushed over her mouth , and the scream emerged as just a whimper of sound that was stifled beneath rough fingers . 
 she kicked back with her legs and twisted frantically as she tried to escape that steely grip . 
 `` shhh ... ronnie , it 's me . '' 
 the familiar voice froze her . 
 and terrified her . 
 because it was her brother 's voice . 
 `` we have to get out of here , '' cale said . 
 his mouth was close to her ear . 
 `` the shooter 's close , and i ca n't risk him taking a shot at you . '' 
 his hold eased on her . 
 his hand slipped away from her mouth . 
 `` come on . '' 
 his voice was the quietest of whispers . 
 `` we 'll circle back and stay low behind the brush near the - '' `` i 'm not leaving jasper . '' 
 her own voice was hushed , and she could barely hear it over the frantic beating of her heart . 
 she wanted to grab cale , to hold him tight , but she had to take care of jasper . 
 he needed her . 
 `` he 's hurt , cale , '' she said as she turned to face her brother . 
 `` we have to get him out of that truck , get him to safety - '' `` step the hell ... away from her . '' 
 jasper 's voice . 
 coming from right behind her . 
 she whirled and found him standing near the back of the vehicle , his face pale , his bloody shirt clinging to his chest . 
 he was also holding a gun . 
 a gun that he had aimed right at her brother . 
 veronica stepped into that line of fire . 
 `` jasper , what are you doing ? 
 cale is here to help us . '' 
 she refused to acknowledge the fleeting terror she 'd felt when she first heard his voice . 
 `` did you think the shot ... took me out ? 
 that it was ... safe to come and ... get veronica ? '' 
 jasper rasped . 
 the gun was aimed at veronica now . 
 `` lower that weapon , '' cale snarled . 
 jasper lifted his left hand . 
 held his palm out to her . 
 `` come here , veronica . '' 
 if she moved , he 'd have a clear shot at cale . 
 cale was the only family she had . 
 `` cale did n't do this , '' she said . 
 `` jasper , you 're hurt . 
 give me the gun and let us help you . 
 cale can give us cover-we can all get out of here alive . '' 
 jasper shook his head . 
 his eyes were n't on her . 
 his gaze was focused over her shoulder . 
 on cale . 
 `` i do n't ... think ... the plan is for us all to get out . '' 
 cale swore behind her . 
 his hands rose to her shoulders . 
 he was trying to move her to the side . 
 to get her out of jasper 's range . 
 she was n't going easily . 
 cale 's grip tightened on her . 
 `` you 've got a head wound , man . 
 you do n't know that you can take a clear shot . '' 
 cale 's voice was ice-cold , but she still heard the hot fury undermining the words . 
 he always became colder when he was angry . 
 `` you could hit her . '' 
 a muscle jerked in jasper 's jaw . 
 then they all heard it ... the growling of an engine , coming closer . 
 wyatt ? 
 coming to help them ? 
 or the shooter , coming to finish them ? 
 she glanced back at cale . 
 he did n't have a weapon in his hands . 
 jasper was the only one with the gun , and he was pointing the weapon at the wrong people . 
 veronica looked at jasper once more . 
 `` y-you were supposed to help me find cale , '' she said , trying to get through to him . 
 `` why are y-you doing this ? '' 
 `` because he 's not here to find me . '' 
 the instant response burst from cale . 
 `` the eod sent him to capture me . '' 
 the eod ? 
 she did n't even know what that was , but-but the growling of that car 's engine was growing louder . 
 company was coming . 
 `` that could be the shooter , '' she whispered as she stepped toward jasper . 
 instantly , cale 's hands clamped down on her shoulders like a vise . 
 she tried to shake him off . 
 not happening . 
 `` get . 
 away . 
 from . 
 her , '' jasper gritted . 
 `` you 're not going to shoot . '' 
 cale was confident . 
 `` you 'd hurt her . 
 you 've never hurt a civilian in your life . '' 
 was that all she was to jasper ? 
 a civilian ? 
 `` i 'll be back , '' cale whispered in veronica 's ear . 
 `` do n't worry , i wo n't leave you on your own . '' 
 then he was pulling away , turning , running back for the brush that would give him cover until he reached the stream . 
 and jasper was trying to follow him . 
 no , jasper was raising his weapon to shoot him . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 she screamed . 
 she leaped forward and placed her body directly in front of the gun . 
 `` do n't do it . '' 
 jasper wrapped his hand around her wrist and jerked her to his side . 
 she turned her head , desperate to see cale . 
 but her brother had n't made it to the brush . 
 the woman with short blond hair-the woman veronica had seen with the tech team at last chance-had just burst from that covering . 
 she had her weapon up and dead-aimed on cale . 
 the federal agent , gunner , was right by her side . 
 they 'd stopped her brother . 
 and they were ... cuffing him ? 
 `` jasper ? '' 
 he 'd finally lowered his weapon . 
 he stared at her with a carefully shielded gaze , one that she could n't read no matter how hard she tried . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he told her . 
 `` do n't be sorry ! 
 tell me what 's happening ! '' 
 if he were n't wounded , she 'd be shaking him . 
 the woman ran toward them . 
 `` hell , jasper , that looks bad . '' 
 she had her phone out and was calling for backup and an emt right away . 
 her gaze swept to veronica . 
 `` you hurt ? '' 
 yes . 
 it felt as if someone were clawing out her heart . 
 `` why is cale in cuffs ? 
 he did n't shoot at us . '' 
 she waved her hand in the air , pointing up toward the ridge . 
 `` you need to check up there for the shooter . 
 we 're all in danger out here . 
 we 've got to stop him and - '' `` we checked the ridge . 
 right after we heard the crash . 
 no one 's there . '' 
 the woman moved closer to jasper . 
 is she an agent , too ? 
 `` figured you 'd get shot . 
 you always have to prove that you can take a bullet , do n't you ? '' 
 `` bullet ... in and out of my shoulder ... it 's my head that feels like it 's ... tearing apart . '' 
 because his head had slammed into the steering wheel or the windshield . 
 veronica was n't sure which . 
 she wanted to comfort him , but the other woman was checking his wounds and veronica was n't sure what was happening . 
 jasper pulled a gun on cale . 
 her gaze snapped toward her brother . 
 gunner was leading him away . 
 she was standing there , lost , and the full knowledge of what had happened slowly sank in for her . 
 the way the woman was talking to jasper ... the reference cale had made to the eod ... the presence of the agents and their readiness to arrest cale . 
 her body trembled . 
 nausea rolled in her belly . 
 from the beginning , it had been a setup . 
 jasper had been hunting cale , but not because he wanted to help her find her brother . 
 but because he wanted to arrest him . 
 `` what 's the charge ? '' 
 veronica whispered . 
 jasper glanced over at her . 
 his eyes glinted . 
 `` veronica ... '' `` multiple counts of murder , '' the blonde woman said , voice flat . 
 `` i 'm sorry , ms. lane , but your brother is a killer , and we 're taking him in . '' 
 that was the moment when her world came crashing down around her . 
 * * * a local doc , a lady with bright red hair , glowering eyes and tough hands , stitched jasper up . 
 it was the same doc who 'd taken care of the kid who 'd tried to abduct veronica . 
 jasper railed the whole time she patched him up . 
 he could feel a sledgehammer hitting his brain , but he did n't care about that pain or the burn of the bullet wound and stitches . 
 he wanted to get to veronica . 
 he had to explain to her . 
 back at the accident scene , she 'd stared at him as if he were a stranger . 
 hell , to her , he was . 
 a stranger that she 'd taken to her bed , only to discover that he 'd been lying to her all along . 
 using her . 
 i 'm so damn sorry , veronica . 
 once the doc was through with him , jasper headed over to meet up with the rest of his team . 
 even before the sheriff 's station had been reduced to ashes and a few skeleton walls , the eod agents had already scouted the area for their own headquarters . 
 now the eod was set up in an old building , one that would serve as their base until the mission was over . 
 when he entered their temporary headquarters , jasper saw logan sitting behind a desk in the main room . 
 sydney paced near him . 
 `` that was close , '' logan said , glancing at the bandage on jasper 's forehead and the covered wound on his shoulder . 
 `` i 'm starting to wonder who has the bigger death wish , you or gunner . '' 
 jasper 's jaw clenched . 
 `` where 's veronica ? '' 
 `` that 's your question ? '' 
 logan 's blue gaze narrowed . 
 `` we brought in our suspect . 
 we even held off interrogation until you dragged your sorry hide out of the doc 's office , and the first thing you ask about is the girl ? '' 
 he gave a soundless whistle . 
 `` interesting . '' 
 jasper thought about punching logan . 
 sure , logan was their leader , the guy with the code name of alpha one , but leader or not , he was still close to getting hit . 
 logan rose from his chair and slowly came around the desk . 
 `` you did n't get emotionally involved in this one , did you ? '' 
 hell , yes . 
 `` because we both know just how dangerous that can be , '' logan said , memories flashing in his own eyes . 
 but in logan 's case , that emotional involvement had turned out okay . 
 logan had saved his lady , and they were planning to get married . 
 logan was on his way to that picket-fence dream . 
 lucky bastard . 
 while jasper was pretty sure any dreams he 'd been dumb enough to have were dead . 
 `` he asked for you , '' sydney said . 
 jasper glanced her way . 
 her gaze darted between him and logan . 
 `` during his transport here , '' sydney clarified , `` the prisoner kept saying that he only wanted to talk with jasper . '' 
 well , that would explain why logan had n't started the interrogation . 
 `` planning to use me , huh ? '' 
 jasper asked . 
 but was n't that the way the eod worked ? 
 before logan could answer , jasper focused on sydney once more . 
 `` what about veronica ? '' 
 they 'd been separated at the crime scene . 
 logan had insisted that jasper go with the doctor-as if he had n't spent plenty of time walking around with much worse wounds-while veronica had stayed with the eod agents . 
 `` what about her ? '' 
 sydney asked , lifting her brows . 
 the woman was going to make him spell it out . 
 she always enjoyed making him suffer a bit . 
 part of sydney 's charm . 
 or not . 
 `` did she ask about me ? '' 
 he gritted . 
 a hint of sympathy lit her gaze . 
 `` she asked if you were eod . '' 
 hell , hell , hell . 
 `` and you told her ? '' 
 `` it 's not my place to break that woman 's heart more than it 's already been broken . '' 
 she stared directly at him . 
 `` that 's your job . '' 
 there was more heat in her voice than he usually heard . 
 even logan glanced at her with a touch of surprise . 
 `` you know , it 's not impossible to do a job without hurting a woman . 
 you did n't have to sleep with her . '' 
 sydney 's hands were fisted on her hips now . 
 yes , the woman was definitely angry . 
 odd , especially for controlled sydney . 
 `` she told you that ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 `` no , i could see it on her face . '' 
 sydney exhaled in a rush . 
 `` there 's a certain kind of look that a woman gets when a lover betrays her . 
 your veronica had that look . '' 
 `` i need to talk to her . '' 
 now . 
 he had to explain - logan shook his head . 
 `` we 've got a plane coming in at 0600 tomorrow . 
 the eod wants cale brought in to the d.c. office for questioning and containment . 
 that means we have less than twenty-four hours - '' his eyes narrowed on jasper '' - to break the suspect . '' 
 logan wanted him to do the breaking . 
 that message was loud and clear in alpha one 's gaze . 
 `` the first eod agent that cale killed ... marcus holloway ... he was a friend of mine . '' 
 logan 's lips tightened . 
 `` we 're not letting another team take this guy away . 
 we 're getting cale 's confession . 
 we 're closing this case . '' 
 logan had always been territorial . 
 when it came to the cases and his life . 
 jasper had never really felt territorial about anyone or anything , until veronica . 
 `` we have everything here that we need to break him . '' 
 logan nodded at jasper . 
 `` we 've got you , wyatt-the sheriff seems to be the guy 's only friend-and we 've got cale 's sister . '' 
 jasper stiffened . 
 `` i 'll talk to cale . '' 
 for all the good it would do . 
 the man was n't the breaking type . 
 most army rangers were n't . 
 `` but we are n't using veronica . '' 
 logan just stared back at him . 
 angry , jasper snarled , `` would you use juliana ? '' 
 he saw the hit in logan 's eyes . 
 that was what i thought . 
 `` veronica stays out of this . '' 
 he pulled in another breath , trying to slow his racing heart . 
 `` i 'll handle cale . '' 
 then , because he did n't want to waste any more time on an already ticking clock , he glanced at sydney . 
 she pointed toward the narrow hallway . 
 `` last door on the right . 
 gunner has guard duty . '' 
 he nodded , and squaring his shoulders , he headed down that hallway . 
 logan followed him , shadowing his steps . 
 jasper knew that logan would want to hear every word of this interrogation . 
 and , knowing sydney , the room housing cale had already been set up for full video and audio surveillance . 
 everything that happened in that room would be recorded . 
 monitored constantly until cale was on the flight heading to d.c. gunner opened the door for jasper . 
 jasper and logan stalked inside . 
 a small table sat in the middle of the room . 
 cale was seated at the table , with his hands cuffed behind his back . 
 the room 's windows had been boarded up . 
 the only way in was through the door . 
 the door that an armed gunner was blocking . 
 jasper pulled out a table chair , one directly across from cale . 
 no point in delaying . 
 he sat down and met the glaring blue gaze of his prisoner . 
 veronica 's gaze was a bright sky-blue . 
 her brother ... well , his blue gaze was dark and hard . 
 promising retribution . 
 `` you used her , '' cale said , body tense . 
 jasper did n't speak . 
 just having cale talk first was a victory in interrogation . 
 when suspects wanted to talk , you let them . 
 they usually talked too much , revealed too much . 
 and you just got to sit back and listen . 
 he 'd learned all about interrogations during his two years at the eod . 
 `` you know how important veronica is to me , '' cale continued , his voice flat , totally emotionless , `` and you knew she was always off-limits . 
 she was n't part of our world . '' 
 the world of battles and death . 
 blood and bullets . 
 jasper leaned forward and felt the pull of his stitches . 
 `` you made her a part of that world when you started hunting eod agents . 
 you brought us right to her door . '' 
 or they would have gone to her door ... but she came looking for me in that bar . 
 walked up to me with fear and determination mixed in her gaze , and she asked for my help . 
 `` you 've got the wrong man . '' 
 cale gave him a smile that a tiger would have envied as he leaned back in his chair . 
 `` i have n't killed any eod agents . '' 
 `` that 's not what the evidence says . '' 
 jasper kept his voice just as flat as cale 's . 
 he was n't giving the guy the upper hand . 
 logan watched in silence from his position against the right wall . 
 his arms were crossed over his chest , and his gaze was locked on cale . 
 but cale shook his head and seemed to ignore logan . 
 a trick , of course , because jasper knew that cale was aware of every move that the other agent made . 
 still staring right at jasper , cale said , `` evidence can lie . 
 especially if it 's planted evidence . '' 
 `` so someone 's setting you up ? '' 
 jasper let the doubt drip from his words . 
 `` if you were n't so busy screwing my sister , you would have realized that sooner . '' 
 jasper had n't expected the knife stab to come so fast . 
 he took the jab and tilted his head to better study cale . 
 `` you 've been watching us . '' 
 cale 's eyes darkened with fury . 
 he did n't know . 
 hell . 
 he was just guessing . 
 just tossing out - cale leaped to his feet and slammed his head into jasper 's . 
 jasper punched him back , but not before cale managed to connect hard with the fresh wound on jasper 's forehead . 
 cale had never minded playing dirty . 
 logan rushed forward and shoved cale back into his seat . 
 then he took out his gun and aimed it right at cale . 
 `` go at my agent again , and you 'll be a dead man . 
 we wo n't care about hearing your side of the story . 
 we wo n't care about - '' cale 's laughter cut through his words . 
 jasper swiped away the blood that had dripped down from his forehead . 
 `` you think i do n't know this scene ? '' 
 cale asked , still grinning . 
 `` if you 're questioning me , then you want something . 
 something you think only i can give you . '' 
 true enough . 
 so why play any more games ? 
 `` we want to know who hired you to kill the agents . '' 
 cale 's grin was chilling . 
 `` you 're a mercenary , right ? '' 
 logan pushed . 
 `` you kill for the right cash . '' 
 cale 's gaze slowly slid from logan to jasper . 
 `` i figure every man in this room has plenty of blood on his hands . '' 
 jasper looked down at his hands . 
 he 'd washed blood away less than an hour before . 
 still looking at his hands , he said , `` you were paid to kill three eod agents . 
 marcus holloway . '' 
 he glanced up , waiting for a reaction . 
 `` julian forrest and ben king . '' 
 cale gave no reaction . 
 `` i did n't kill them . '' 
 `` you knew them all , '' jasper said . 
 `` that 's why it was so easy to get close to them . 
 hell , what did they do ? 
 just open their doors when they saw you ? 
 told you to come on in ? 
 then you attacked when they turned their backs ? '' 
 `` that 's not the way i attack . '' 
 `` we found shoe impressions that you left at a scene . 
 clay that matched up to the exact same kind that you 've got on your ranch . '' 
 he heaved out a breath . 
 `` i guess you did n't clean up after yourself well enough at those scenes . '' 
 cale stared back at him . 
 `` i do n't kill men on my side . '' 
 `` but they were n't on your side . '' 
 this came from logan . 
 `` they were on the eod 's side , and the eod did n't want you . '' 
 cale glanced over at him . 
 `` is that the best you 've got ? '' '' 
 ` unstable , ' '' jasper quoted , trying to divide cale 's attention . '' 
 ` extreme aggressive tendencies ... ' '' the tiger 's smile flashed again . 
 `` show me one ranger who is n't aggressive . '' 
 `` most rangers are n't put on warning lists by their shrinks . '' 
 `` yeah , well , most shrinks are n't looking for a little payback because you caught 'em messing around with an underage girl . '' 
 one dark brow rose . 
 `` i had to let loose a few of my ` aggressive tendencies ' that day . '' 
 what ? 
 jasper kept his expression blank as surprise rolled through him . 
 there had n't been a record of any charge against the shrink . 
 had the guy really been involved with an underage girl ? 
 or was cale just trying to b.s. them ? 
 `` check the story if you do n't believe me . '' 
 cale was way too confident . 
 `` dr. paul lyland lost his license a few months back . 
 seems someone got evidence on him , and the not-so-good doctor had to go before the review board . 
 pity his nose never healed properly , '' cale muttered , as if the words were an afterthought . 
 `` but maybe that will serve as a reminder for the shrink . 
 a reminder that plenty of folks are watching him now . '' 
 watching and waiting for their pound of flesh ? 
 `` do you like delivering your own justice ? '' 
 jasper asked cale , trying to figure him out . 
 cale shrugged . 
 `` somebody has to deliver it . '' 
 `` why not let that somebody be you ? '' 
 they 'd check the story on the shrink , but jasper 's instincts were telling him it was true . 
 hell , what else had they missed ? 
 `` did those agents do something wrong , too ? '' 
 jasper asked because it had to be asked . 
 `` if we go digging in their pasts , are we gon na see that they did something to make them land on your punishment list ? '' 
 `` i do n't have a list . '' 
 `` do n't you ? '' 
 jasper threw right back . 
 cale 's stillness seemed to be his only answer , but , after a tense moment , cale said , `` guess who just got added ? '' 
 me . 
 cale leaned forward . 
 `` now , i 've played nice . 
 and if you want me to keep playing nice , you 'll bring my sister to me . '' 
 `` i do n't think so , '' logan began . 
 cale surged to his feet , seeming to completely ignore the gun that was inches from his face . 
 `` if i do n't see veronica , then i do n't say another word . 
 i know how this game works . 
 hell , you two think you can get to me ? 
 after the nightmare i survived in syria ? 
 think again . '' 
 jasper pushed back his chair and slowly stood . 
 `` we 'll see if veronica wants to talk to you . '' 
 he turned his back on cale , a deliberate risk . 
 `` if ? '' 
 cale snarled . 
 jasper glanced over his shoulder , keeping his expression blank . 
 he was as good at wearing an unfeeling mask as cale was . 
 maybe i 'm better . 
 `` now that she knows just what you really are , do you still think she 's gon na be the adoring little sister ? 
 maybe it 's time you think again . '' 
 he marched past gunner , rage burning in his veins , the fire simmering just beneath his controlled exterior . 
 cale had once been his closest friend , but he sat across from him as an enemy . 
 and veronica ? 
 what was she ? 
 not an adoring little sister to cale , and to him - he rounded the corner and came face-to-face with her . 
 she stood in the middle of the hallway , with wyatt right by her . 
 sydney waited close by them . 
 veronica gazed into jasper 's eyes , and her expression was cold . 
 she 'd never been cold before . 
 she 'd burned red-hot for him . 
 now she seemed to look right through him . 
 chapter nine stay in control . 
 do n't let him see your anger . 
 do n't let him see your hurt . 
 veronica kept her chin up and her back ramrod straight . 
 wyatt had told her that the agents needed her at their headquarters . 
 the eod `` headquarters '' had turned out to be the abandoned building at the end of black bear road . 
 jasper was staring at her with blazing eyes . 
 the female agent-the woman had finally introduced herself as sydney sloan-had sympathy on her pretty face as she edged closer . 
 it was all veronica could do not to start screaming at them . 
 but she was trying to follow another one of cale 's rules . 
 never break in front of the enemy . 
 never show your pain . 
 others will just use that pain against you . 
 jasper had sure caused her plenty of pain . 
 `` they 're not fbi , you know that , right ? '' 
 veronica said to wyatt . 
 he 'd been with her , pretty much from the moment since the agents had taken her brother into custody . 
 at the crash scene , he 'd appeared with logan quinn . 
 wyatt 's face had looked grim , the faint lines around his face much deeper . 
 `` not fbi , '' wyatt agreed quietly , `` but they 've got high clearance . '' 
 `` how high ? '' 
 veronica asked . 
 she was n't staring jasper in the eye . 
 she could n't . 
 and he was just staring at her . 
 `` high enough that the governor called and told me to do whatever logan quinn said . '' 
 when the governor said jump ... she swallowed the lump in her throat . 
 she 'd been a fool , and now she had to pay a price for her blind trust . 
 talk to jasper . 
 because he was still just staring at her , waiting . 
 `` you 're not a mercenary , '' she said , and risked the briefest of stares into his eyes . 
 `` no , ma'am . '' 
 she flinched at that drawl . 
 her gaze dropped to his chin . 
 his jaw clenched . 
 `` what are you ? '' 
 she asked him . 
 `` i 'm a federal agent . '' 
 `` you 're not with the fbi . '' 
 `` no , ma'am . '' 
 her eyes slit as they lifted back to meet his gaze . 
 `` what 's the eod ? '' 
 he glanced at the sheriff . 
 yes , she knew that wyatt could tell her , especially since it seemed that he , logan and the governor were all suddenly tight , but she wanted to hear this information straight from jasper . 
 it would be interesting to see what the truth sounded like from him . 
 `` it 's the elite operations division . 
 we 're a hybrid group , mostly ex-military . '' 
 like her brother . 
 `` why were you hunting cale ? '' 
 he reached for her . 
 she flinched back . 
 he was bleeding . 
 there was blood on his forehead , and she 'd noticed that his shoulder looked padded-probably because of a bandage under his shirt . 
 his hand dropped . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she repeated . 
 `` because cale is wanted in connection with the murders of three eod agents . '' 
 she shook her head instantly . 
 `` he would n't do that , '' she whispered , but she cleared her throat and spoke again , her voice stronger . 
 `` cale rescues people . 
 he does n't kill them . 
 he does n't - '' `` we also think he 's tied to the fire and explosion at the police station , and the murder of the two men who were shot outside the station-the men who attempted to abduct you . '' 
 a clipped voice . 
 she wanted to rage at him , but her voice stayed controlled . 
 mostly . 
 `` i was outside that station . 
 do you seriously think my brother was trying to kill me , too ? '' 
 `` no , ma'am . '' 
 veronica hated that drawling `` ma'am '' bit . 
 `` i think your brother is one fine shot , '' jasper continued quietly . 
 `` actually , i know he is . 
 that 's why you were n't hurt that day . 
 he took out his targets , just like this morning , when he aimed only at me , not you . '' 
 her cheeks felt icy . 
 `` i was inside the station when the fire started , the explosion - '' `` your brother had demolitions training when he was in the military . '' 
 she did n't want to hear this . 
 `` he would have known how to stage that scene . 
 sydney talked to an arson investigator . 
 the initial flames were set to alert folks in the station . 
 to give us time to get out . 
 but the explosion that followed , that was designed for a specific type of destruction . 
 a bomb was placed , then triggered so that the back of the station would be hit hardest . 
 the bomber knew exactly what he was doing . 
 hell , we even think the guy used a cell phone to start the explosion in the back . '' 
 the back of the station . 
 she 'd been in the front , so ... `` your brother made sure you were clear in that explosion . 
 he protected you , but still went after the men he wanted . '' 
 this could n't be true . 
 `` i want to see him . '' 
 because jasper was wrong . 
 `` good , because he wants to see you , too . '' 
 her heartbeat would n't slow down . 
 it was racing too hard in her chest , and her hands were trembling . 
 jasper motioned toward the far end of the hallway . 
 `` come this way . '' 
 fine . 
 she stepped forward . 
 instantly , wyatt moved with her . 
 he 'd been silent during the exchange with jasper . 
 watching , weighing every word . 
 did everyone but her think that cale was a monster ? 
 a cold-blooded killer ? 
 soldier ... or sociopath . 
 jasper slammed his hand into the sheriff 's chest . 
 `` sorry , wyatt , for now , it 's just her . '' 
 wyatt frowned at him . 
 `` that 's my friend in there . 
 if he 's gone rogue , i can get him to talk . '' 
 he has n't gone rogue . 
 but jasper shook his head . 
 `` for now , i 'm only taking veronica back to interrogation . '' 
 wyatt 's gaze cut to veronica . 
 frustration etched hard lines on his face . 
 `` you going to be okay in there ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 she was n't about to break apart . 
 yes , jasper 's betrayal made it feel as if he had tried to carve out her heart , but she would n't break . 
 jasper wrapped his hand around her elbow and guided her down the hall . 
 she did n't need his guidance . 
 she did n't need anything from him anymore . 
 `` in here . '' 
 he pushed open a door to the left . 
 she entered , rushing in her eagerness to see cale , only ... cale was n't there . 
 the room was empty . 
 she spun around just as jasper shut the door behind him , sealing them inside . 
 `` we need to talk , '' he said . 
 her hands were fisted so hard that her knuckles hurt . 
 `` i want to see my brother . 
 you told me - '' `` you will see him . '' 
 the words were rough . 
 `` but first , you 're going to talk to me . '' 
 he started to close in on her . 
 instinctively , veronica backed up a step , but then she froze . 
 he was n't going to intimidate her , not anymore . 
 `` you should wipe that blood away , '' she muttered , her gaze rising to his forehead . 
 `` it really messes up that whole intense , scary vibe that you 're trying to give me . '' 
 he stopped and frowned at her . 
 and she was lying . 
 the blood just made him look more dangerous and scary . 
 but so what if she was lying ? 
 he 'd lied ; she could do it , too . 
 maybe it was childish , but she did n't care . 
 `` the blood 's a little gift from your brother , '' jasper murmured . 
 `` seems he does n't like the fact that we 're involved . '' 
 her brows shot up . 
 `` we 're not . '' 
 what had he told her brother ? 
 oh , no , did cale think that she 'd been setting him up , too ? 
 jasper resumed his stalking moves toward her . 
 `` we most definitely are . '' 
 the last word was bit out . 
 `` or did you forget that you gave me your virginity just a few hours ago ? '' 
 he had not just said that to her . 
 `` you waited , '' he continued , voice thickening , `` because you wanted to be with the right man . '' 
 `` you are n't the right man . '' 
 she could barely force the words past her suddenly desert-dry throat . 
 `` what you are ... you 're a man who lied to me . 
 from the first moment i saw you in that bar , everything has been a lie . '' 
 `` not everything . '' 
 he was less than a foot away from her . 
 not touching . 
 she did n't want him to touch her . 
 it was hard enough to keep her wall of ice in place . 
 she did n't want him touching her again and trying to shatter that wall . 
 `` you 're eod . '' 
 she threw that out at him . 
 he nodded . 
 `` you think my brother is a killer . '' 
 `` i know he is . '' 
 `` just like you are . '' 
 her breath heaved out . 
 `` he was following mission orders , saving lives . 
 you said yourself that a soldier - '' `` i 'm not talking about lives taken during battle . 
 i 'm talking about murder . 
 about going right up to a man and slitting his throat or stabbing him in the heart . '' 
 she remembered reed montgomery 's body . 
 the brutality . 
 the blood . 
 `` y-you 're wrong . '' 
 `` i want to be . '' 
 her eyes met his in surprise . 
 she held his stare . 
 it was the first time she 'd looked deeply into his eyes since realizing the truth . 
 jasper shook his head . 
 `` i want to be wrong about cale , but the evidence says i 'm not . '' 
 `` m-maybe the evidence is wrong . '' 
 it had to be wrong . 
 `` there 's a lot of evidence , and every bit of it points to your brother . '' 
 nails in his coffin . 
 or hers . 
 she forced her hands to unclench . 
 `` why were you sent in ? '' 
 `` i belong to a special unit at the eod , a unit some call the shadow agents . 
 when the other eod agents were murdered , the cases did n't go public . 
 our boss wanted us to handle this in-house . 
 he wanted my team to find and apprehend the killer . '' 
 jasper 's hand lifted , as if he 'd touch her . 
 but when she tensed , his hand fell back to his side . 
 `` when we realized exactly who we were after , it was decided that 'd i 'd be point on the mission because of my past relationship with cale . '' 
 `` and using me , that was just part of the plan , too , right ? '' 
 his green gaze glinted . 
 `` i knew cale . 
 i knew how he felt about you - '' `` so you knew you could use me . '' 
 she tried to walk around him . 
 he grabbed her shoulders . 
 spun her back to face him . 
 the ice began to crack . 
 `` i knew that your brother was n't just going to cut and run and leave you behind . '' 
 his fingers curled around her shoulders , pulling her closer . 
 `` i knew that he 'd have to come back for you , sooner or later . '' 
 `` so all you had to do was wait . 
 wait , and he 'd be here . '' 
 sooner or later . 
 she swallowed to try to ease that dang dryness in her throat . 
 `` why did you have to go so far ? '' 
 her voice came out too soft . 
 `` why did you have to make love to me ? '' 
 `` because i wanted you , wanted you more than i wanted anything else . '' 
 she wanted to believe him . 
 `` there 's the mission . '' 
 his head lowered toward her . 
 `` there 's the job that i have to do and then there 's you and me . 
 there 's what we feel . '' 
 he was going to kiss her . 
 the ice was too weak around her . 
 she could n't handle this . 
 him . 
 her hand slammed into his chest . 
 `` you lied to me . '' 
 his muscles were rock-hard beneath her hand . 
 i was falling for you , and now i think everything was a lie . 
 `` i do n't get close to people easily . 
 i-i ca n't . '' 
 she 'd always held back , was too shy , too cautious . 
 `` with you , everything seemed easy . '' 
 she 'd been too trusting . 
 so ridiculously grateful to have someone finally on her side . 
 `` it can be that way again , '' he growled . 
 `` veronica ... '' `` are you still working me ? '' 
 he frowned at her . 
 `` because i think you are . 
 i think you and the other agents ... i think you 're about to take me in there to see my brother , and you 're going to try and use me to get a confession from him . '' 
 she might be trusting , might be too naive , but she was n't stupid . 
 and jasper was n't denying her charge . 
 `` there 's you and me , '' she said , pushing his words back at him , `` and there 's my brother . 
 there 's his case . 
 it 's all mixed together , and no matter what we might both want ... '' because she did wish things were different . 
 `` they ca n't ever be separate . '' 
 because touching him burned through her ice , she pulled her hand away from him . 
 `` now , if you are n't taking me to see my brother , then i 'll go find someone else who will . '' 
 he growled . 
 no other word for it . 
 fine . 
 she started walking for the door . 
 `` this is n't over , '' he warned . 
 veronica did n't look back at him , but she did say , `` you 're right . 
 it 's not over . 
 it wo n't be over until i prove my brother 's innocence . '' 
 the floor creaked behind her . 
 then he was there , pulling open the door , leaning toward her . 
 his lips brushed over the curve of her ear as he whispered , `` i meant between us . 
 you and i are n't close to being done . '' 
 the words were a threat . 
 swallowing , she lifted her chin and forced herself to walk slowly , calmly , down the hallway and toward her brother 's holding room . 
 * * * `` i 'm guessing that did n't go so well , '' logan muttered as jasper followed veronica out of the room . 
 logan offered jasper a white cloth . 
 `` for the blood , '' logan said , giving a nod of his head . 
 jasper swiped the blood away . 
 `` focus on the case , '' logan said . 
 `` then go after the girl . '' 
 because of the case , he was losing the girl . 
 he tossed the cloth into the garbage and followed veronica down the hallway . 
 she 'd stopped in front of gunner . 
 he was still guarding the door to cale 's room . 
 `` is he in there ? '' 
 veronica asked gunner . 
 jasper hated the flat tone of her voice . 
 that was n't veronica . 
 there was always emotion bubbling in her voice and eyes . 
 not now . 
 gunner glanced over at jasper . 
 he nodded . 
 they had to do this . 
 logan would n't follow them in this time . 
 he 'd hang back , and jasper knew he would be entering the surveillance room that sydney had set up . 
 the better to watch and see what was happening . 
 the better to record any confessions that cale might make . 
 jasper saw veronica suck in a deep breath right before gunner opened the door and waved her inside . 
 `` ronnie ! '' 
 cale was instantly on his feet . 
 veronica ran toward him with her arms open . 
 jasper grabbed her , wrapping his arms around her waist and hauling her back . 
 it was protocol , especially after cale 's attack on him . 
 no touching . 
 but when veronica started twisting and fighting in his arms , she broke his heart . 
 since when do i have one of those ? 
 `` let her go ! '' 
 cale snarled . 
 but he was n't advancing on jasper . 
 probably because an armed gunner was blocking his path . 
 `` i 'll let her go , '' jasper snarled right back , then bent to whisper in veronica 's ears , `` i 'll let you go . '' 
 he cleared his throat , then said loud enough for everyone to hear , `` but you ca n't touch him , veronica . 
 he 's too dangerous . '' 
 `` i 'm not dangerous to my own sister ! '' 
 cale yelled . 
 she stopped fighting in jasper 's arms . 
 slowly , carefully , jasper released her . 
 gunner put his hand on cale 's shoulder and forced him back into his seat . 
 jasper pulled out a chair for veronica . 
 she sat down and tucked her hands in her lap . 
 she looked so vulnerable and sad , and he wanted to punch someone . 
 me . 
 because he was the one who 'd done this to her . 
 she was n't even looking at him the same way any longer . 
 before , her eyes had seemed to light up when she looked at him . 
 he had n't even noticed that light , not until it was gone . 
 i want it back . 
 he yanked a chair close to her . 
 made sure that his shoulder rubbed against hers . 
 cale 's narrowed stare said he noted the move . 
 his clenched jaw said it infuriated him . 
 `` i missed you , '' veronica told her brother , voice soft . 
 cale 's eyelids flickered . 
 `` i-i was worried that something had happened . '' 
 her voice was n't flat now . 
 emotion trembled beneath her words . 
 cale gave her a smile , one that looked forced . 
 `` you know i 'm hard to kill . '' 
 yes , he was . 
 her lips trembled . 
 cale 's face appeared to grow even harder . 
 `` do n't listen to anything that they tell you , ronnie . 
 i have n't killed any agents . 
 you know me better than that . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i did n't do it , '' cale told her , eyes bright . 
 `` tell me you believe me . '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 so soft . 
 so true . 
 her trust in her brother made jasper furious and envious . 
 so much unquestioning trust . 
 she 'd trusted him like that , too . 
 for too short of a time . 
 `` she has n't seen all the evidence that we have on you , '' jasper said as he leaned back in his chair . 
 cale 's body was tight and tense , so jasper tried to appear just the opposite . 
 relaxed and unconcerned . 
 relaxed was the last thing he felt . 
 `` the evidence was planted . '' 
 cale 's instant response . 
 `` you know i did n't - '' `` do you have any alibis that you 'd like to give us ? 
 i mean , i know logan was in here earlier and he told you the dates of all the murders . 
 if you 've got witnesses who can cover for you ... '' cale 's gaze cut to his . 
 `` i do n't have any alibis . '' 
 `` not the social sort , huh ? 
 too bad . 
 some witnesses sure would have come in handy . '' 
 veronica flinched beside him . 
 `` but we actually already knew that you did n't have any alibis . '' 
 jasper shrugged . 
 `` though we were waiting to hear some creative story . '' 
 cale 's stare returned to veronica . 
 `` when i first left , i thought i was going out on a rescue mission . '' 
 jasper did n't tense . 
 this was what the team had hoped would happen . 
 cale did n't want veronica to lose faith in him . 
 so he 'd tell her anything . 
 everything ? 
 `` i flew down to the caribbean under the radar . 
 i was supposed to be pulling out some businessman who was being held for a ransom that his family could n't pay . '' 
 his shoulders rolled as if he were pushing his way through the memory . 
 `` but when i got there , there was no businessman . 
 no trail to indicate he 'd ever been taken or that the guy even existed . 
 it was a b.s. mission . 
 one designed to get me out of the country . '' 
 his head tilted toward veronica . 
 `` and one to make sure i had no alibi . 
 because i was sent out just two days before the first murder . '' 
 `` nice story , '' jasper murmured . 
 he noticed that no change of expression crossed gunner 's face . 
 he was n't buying the tale , either . 
 of course , veronica was buying every single word . 
 `` who sent you on the mission ? '' 
 veronica asked . 
 cale hesitated . 
 right . 
 because jasper knew this part . 
 `` let me guess , a dead man ? '' 
 cale kept his gaze on veronica . 
 `` am i supposed to act surprised to hear that reed montgomery is dead ? '' 
 `` well , no , '' jasper murmured . 
 `` especially since you killed him and left his body for your sister to find , i do n't see why you 'd be - '' `` i 'm sorry , ronnie . '' 
 cale 's low voice , cutting right through jasper 's words . 
 `` you should n't have found him . '' 
 `` is that a confession ? '' 
 gunner asked at once , locking his stare on their suspect . 
 `` you killed him , but you did n't intend for veronica to find the body ? '' 
 `` no confession , '' cale snapped . 
 `` i 'm just sorry she was the one to see him like that . '' 
 he shook his head and never took his eyes off veronica . 
 `` i always tried to keep that part of my life away from you . 
 i never wanted you to be hurt by it . '' 
 `` i know , '' veronica said . 
 `` you always protected me . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` this time , i 'll protect you . '' 
 her head turned and her gaze found jasper 's . 
 `` why does n't my brother have a lawyer ? 
 none of this is legal . 
 you ca n't - '' cale laughed . 
 `` this is n't on the books . 
 this case will never be . 
 they 'll just toss me in a cage somewhere and let the world forget all about me . '' 
 her face paled . 
 `` the hell they will . 
 you are n't doing this to him . 
 cale is innocent ! '' 
 she stood abruptly , sending her chair crashing to the floor . 
 `` i 'm going to prove it . '' 
 not what jasper had hoped to hear . 
 in fact , those words could put veronica right in the middle of a very deadly mission . 
 * * * cale lane had to die . 
 there was no option . 
 but then , cale had been marked for death from the beginning . 
 he just had n't realized it . 
 he was in there with the eod agents-cuffed , locked up , trapped . 
 maybe he should just go in right now and kill him . 
 he could say that cale broke free ... that the man came at him ... the agents would probably buy his story . 
 but would veronica ? 
 she was the problem . 
 killing her had n't been part of his plan . 
 he 'd wanted to keep her out of the game , but she was too protective of cale . 
 too determined to find the `` real '' killer . 
 she did n't realize just how close the killer was to her . 
 maybe it 's time for me to get closer . 
 he 'd seen the way the agent , jasper , looked at veronica . 
 the guy wanted her . 
 maybe veronica could be used against him . 
 she could sure be used against cale ; he already knew that . 
 the question was ... just how did he want this game to end ? 
 with veronica alive or dead ? 
 chapter ten veronica frowned down at the computer screen , even as her heart beat in excitement . 
 she 'd pulled out the flash drive she 'd taken from reed montgomery 's place . 
 searched through all the files , and she 'd found proof that her brother had been telling the truth about his mission to the caribbean . 
 at least , she thought she might have proof . 
 she 'd found a notation for `` striker '' heading to jamaica the week her brother had vanished . 
 the same week that marcus holloway had been killed . 
 jasper had told her that holloway had been in jamestown , tennessee , when he was murdered , and , sure enough , she 'd found a notation in the `` chances '' file for a job in tennessee that same week . 
 only instead of `` striker '' being listed on that mission , reed had typed in `` striker two '' as the code name . 
 `` striker two '' was also the code name used for the mission to west virginia and the mission to phoenix . 
 veronica thought that reed had been differentiating between two separate mercenaries . 
 striker , her brother , and whoever striker two was . 
 because the striker two notations had n't started to appear until the last six months . 
 someone else had been using that name , she was sure of it . 
 someone who was trying to frame my brother ? 
 and had reed been in on that framing ? 
 it looked as though he had . 
 she grabbed the phone . 
 started to call jasper , then realized she did n't have the number for the eod headquarters in town . 
 so she called wyatt instead . 
 the sheriff would be with the agents . 
 he could help her . 
 wyatt 's phone was answered on the second ring , only it was n't wyatt doing the answering . 
 `` sheriff halliday , '' a rough voice said , breaking up a bit . 
 she frowned . 
 `` jimmy ? 
 jimmy , is that you ? 
 this is veronica lane . '' 
 `` it 's me , '' he said at once , voice clearer , more alert . 
 `` something wrong , ms. veronica ? '' 
 yes . 
 everything . 
 `` i need to talk to the sheriff . '' 
 `` he 's back there with them agents talking to ... '' jimmy cleared his throat . 
 `` he 's talking to your brother . 
 i think they 're interrogating him . '' 
 dropping his voice , he said , `` i heard 'em talking . 
 they 're gon na charge cale with all them murders . '' 
 `` tell them to stop ! '' 
 the words burst from her . 
 `` i 've got proof - '' maybe , please , let it be some proof . 
 `` i 've got proof to back up cale 's story about being in the caribbean ! 
 files i took off reed montgomery 's computer . 
 i just ... i need to talk to wyatt or jasper . 
 someone there . 
 i can prove cale 's innocence . '' 
 `` you got real proof ? '' 
 jimmy 's voice cracked with excitement . 
 `` yes . '' 
 she would n't tell him that it was n't one hundred percent . 
 that it was just a few notations in a file , but ... it was something . 
 bread crumbs that could lead them in the right direction . 
 to the real killer . 
 `` i think reed montgomery was murdered because he could back up cale 's story about being out of the country . 
 i think he knew the real killer 's identity . '' 
 lightning flashed , illuminating her living room . 
 the storms were n't over . 
 another day , that was what the weather forecaster had promised . 
 another day . 
 `` is jasper there ? '' 
 veronica asked . 
 she could talk to him and - `` i do n't know where he is , but , ms. veronica , i 'll go get the sheriff . 
 i 'll tell him what you found . 
 we 'll clear cale . '' 
 jimmy had always seemed to look up to her brother . 
 when he 'd been younger , jimmy had often come to the ranch , dogging cale 's footsteps , asking to hear stories about cale 's time in the army . 
 jimmy was a good guy , and he knew cale for the real person that he was . 
 yes , yes , they 'd clear cale . 
 the nightmare would be over . 
 she hung up the phone and headed back for her desk . 
 she pulled the flash drive away from the computer and tucked it in her pocket . 
 she could stay at her house and wait for jasper or the sheriff , or she could go to them . 
 force them to see the proof that she had . 
 the lightning flashed again , and every light in her house went dark . 
 i 'm coming , cale . 
 fumbling , she found a pair of car keys . 
 the keys were for the old sports car cale kept covered in the garage . 
 the car had n't been used in over a year , but it was her only option at the moment . 
 cale and his cars ... her brother had always been obsessed with them , and he 'd made sure to share his expertise with her , too . 
 then she rushed out of the house . 
 the rain had n't started , but the wind was already strong . 
 she would n't think about the rough roads or the wind that could push the car too hard . 
 she 'd just think of cale . 
 this time , she 'd protect her brother . 
 * * * cale was giving them nothing . 
 figured . 
 a ranger like him , jasper knew exactly what sort of training the guy had been through over the years . 
 a few tough questions were n't going to rattle him . 
 not after he 'd survived torture . 
 yeah , cale , i still remember syria . 
 some things could never be forgotten . 
 back then , cale had been one of the good guys . 
 what the hell had happened to him ? 
 jasper glanced back down the hallway toward cale 's holding room . 
 once , he never would have said that cale would snap and start killing innocents . 
 `` the story checked out , '' sydney said as she walked out of the surveillance room . 
 she had a fistful of papers . 
 `` just got the fax on dr. paul lyland . 
 the guy did lose his license about eleven months ago . '' 
 jasper ran a hand through his hair . 
 `` so the shrink 's profile was bull ? '' 
 `` no , i 'd say cale lane has some definite aggressive tendencies . '' 
 her stare was knowing . 
 `` just like you . '' 
 his back teeth clenched . 
 `` dr. lyland was n't the only shrink who came up with this profile . '' 
 `` no , but he was the most vocal , and if cale had already been burned by one shrink , his hostile behavior to the others is more understandable . '' 
 maybe . 
 `` if he 's telling the truth about this , then do you think he could be telling the truth about the case in the caribbean ? '' 
 sydney asked him . 
 jasper hesitated . 
 the thing was ... he wanted cale to be telling the truth . 
 he wanted cale to be innocent . 
 because then veronica would n't look so broken , and he would n't have been so dead wrong about a friend . 
 `` i 'm going back in , '' he said . 
 and because this needed to be off the record , he added , `` cut the surveillance , sydney . '' 
 her eyes widened . 
 `` are you sure about that ? '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` this is personal . '' 
 `` has n't it always been ? '' 
 she murmured as he walked away . 
 * * * veronica 's hands gripped the steering wheel for dear life . 
 the rain had started to fall again . 
 heavy , fat drops that hit her windshield faster than the wipers could clear the glass . 
 the flash drive was in her pocket , and her body was strung so tightly that she felt she was about to jump out of her skin . 
 only about ten more miles to go . 
 ten more , and then the main strip of the town would come into view . 
 she heard brakes squealing , an engine growling ; then bright lights appeared on the dark road before her . 
 those lights looked as though they were coming right at veronica . 
 panicking , she jerked the wheel to the right . 
 the sports car bounced , slid off the shoulder of the road and the tires rolled in the thick mud . 
 the other driver-the car with the bright lights flashing-drove right past her . 
 he did n't even slow to see if she was all right . 
 her breath panted out . 
 she 'd braked . 
 when had she braked ? 
 she took her foot off the pedal and cautiously touched the accelerator . 
 the tires spun in the mud . 
 she could hear the grinding sound , only ... she was n't moving . 
 veronica pushed down harder on the accelerator . 
 more spinning , but the vehicle was n't moving forward . 
 her head rapped into the steering wheel . 
 just her luck . 
 she 'd gone out in the car , headed off the side of the road - and i did n't think about my parents . 
 the breath stilled in her lungs . 
 there 'd been no flashback this time . 
 she had n't panicked . 
 she 'd gotten off the road , avoided the wreck . 
 a smile curved her lips even as a tear leaked past her eye . 
 maybe she was getting stronger . 
 finally . 
 or maybe after the crash with jasper , she just realized that the past was n't what could hurt her . 
 she had too much in the present to fear . 
 exhaling heavily , she turned off the car , climbed outside . 
 ignoring the pounding from the rain , veronica hurried around to the car 's passenger side . 
 one look , and she knew her car would n't be going any place soon . 
 the storms had washed away too much of the dry grass . 
 only mud remained , and her tires could spin for hours , but the car was n't getting out of that mess without one very strong tow . 
 ten miles to go . 
 so she 'd better get to walking . 
 * * * jasper slowly closed the door behind him . 
 he 'd left his weapon outside and told gunner to take a hike . 
 he wanted to be alone for this little chat . 
 cale looked up at him and sighed . 
 `` back to this , are we ? '' 
 he rolled his shoulders . 
 the handcuffs had been removed a few hours ago . 
 a show of trust that logan had hoped would get him talking . 
 cale had even been given two meals . 
 plenty to eat and drink . 
 the show of trust was n't working . 
 they were now down to less than ten hours before his transfer to d.c. jasper did n't bother sitting this time . 
 he just stared at cale . 
 `` i can still remember the scent of the jungle . 
 the mix of rotting vegetation and blood . '' 
 cale did n't speak . 
 `` you were screaming at me , telling me that a bullet to the chest should n't slow down a real ranger , and you had a grip of steel on my arm . '' 
 cale 's expression had frozen . 
 `` you could have left me to die there . '' 
 jasper shook his head . 
 `` all i did was slow you down , but you ... you did n't give up on me . '' 
 `` we were both too young and stupid to realize we should only be looking out for ourselves . '' 
 cale 's voice was clipped . 
 `` i do n't think so . '' 
 jasper took a step toward him . 
 `` veronica told me that you saved lives . 
 that you went out , rescuing hostages . '' 
 work not too different from the eod 's . 
 only the eod agents had the backup of the federal government . 
 while cale had been on his own . 
 easy pickings . 
 `` is this where you do your good-agent routine ? '' 
 cale asked with a touch of curiosity . 
 `` where you remind me that we were friends once so i should trust you ? '' 
 `` we were friends . '' 
 cale inclined his head . 
 jasper figured he 'd take that as agreement . 
 `` your story about the shrink checked out . '' 
 `` you seem surprised , '' cale murmured . 
 `` because you look good for these kills . '' 
 he hesitated , then admitted , `` too good . '' 
 cale 's expression never altered . 
 `` i 've seen you on missions , '' jasper said . 
 `` i know how you operate . 
 you can walk for twenty miles , and never leave so much as a trace of your presence . '' 
 and that had been nagging at him all along . 
 but he 'd stuck to the mission , followed orders . 
 perhaps it was time he forgot the orders and focused on getting to the truth . 
 `` you could do that so easily in the jungle , in the desert , in every damn place we went , but yet you left all this evidence behind at the murder scenes . '' 
 `` not me , '' cale snapped . 
 `` the person who is setting me up . 
 that 's the guy who left all this so-called ` evidence ' crap behind . 
 because he wanted to frame me . '' 
 `` i want to believe you . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 cale tossed back at him , eyes hard and challenging . 
 `` so my sister might forgive you ? 
 because you think you might have a chance with her if you can exonerate me now ... after you 're the one who had me tossed in here ? '' 
 `` you 're staying in custody , '' jasper said , just so they were clear . 
 `` and i 'm staying on this case . 
 either i 'll find enough evidence to guarantee your guilt , beyond any doubt - '' any doubts that jasper might have himself '' - or i 'll find the one who 's framing you . '' 
 he flattened his palms on the table . 
 `` but i 'm going to need some help . 
 you got enemies ? 
 someone who could pull this off ? 
 give me names . '' 
 cale shook his head . 
 `` veronica is too good for you . '' 
 he knew that . 
 `` you 'll break her heart . 
 head out on another mission and never look back . '' 
 he wanted to punch the wood , shatter the table . 
 `` this is n't about veronica . '' 
 a lie . 
 if it were n't for her , would he even be having this conversation ? 
 `` you say you 're innocent , then help me . 
 give me a witness , give me something . '' 
 `` reed montgomery was my witness . 
 he 's the one who sent me to the caribbean . 
 he 's the one who knows i was n't in the country when the first agent was killed . '' 
 `` then why did his log have you in west virginia when julian forrest was killed ? 
 in phoenix at the time of the hit on ben king ? '' 
 because when he 'd been back at reed montgomery 's apartment , jasper had looked over veronica 's shoulder and seen those clear notations . 
 striker two ... west virginia . 
 striker two ... phoenix . 
 when sydney got to digging into the machine , jasper figured she 'd find even more evidence . 
 cale shook his head . 
 `` not . 
 me . '' 
 `` then someone 's sure doing a good job of pretending to be you . '' 
 maybe that was it . 
 damn it , maybe ... because cale 's code name was striker . 
 so why had reed tacked on the `` two '' handle ? 
 because someone else was taking those missions ? 
 someone who could be just as deadly as striker ? 
 `` who is it ? 
 who knows you well enough to trap you like this ? '' 
 cale 's lashes lowered . 
 `` you mean a man who knows how i kill ? 
 how i hunt ? 
 who knows where to find evidence that can incriminate me , even as he leaves no evidence behind that would ever link him to the crimes ? '' 
 cale looked up at jasper . 
 `` well , old buddy , your name is the first one that springs to mind . '' 
 hell . 
 `` it 's not - '' jasper began . 
 the door flew open . 
 jasper whirled around . 
 sydney stood in the doorway , her cheeks flushed , her breath heaving . 
 `` jasper , i need you . '' 
 gunner was right behind her . 
 casting one last , hard look at cale , jasper hurried from the room . 
 gunner slipped inside , resuming his guard duty . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 jasper asked her . 
 `` we 've got a problem . '' 
 she marched down the hallway , passed the small lobby area , then headed upstairs . 
 this was her workspace . 
 he knew that sydney always liked privacy when she worked with her computers and - a whistle slipped from him when he saw the destruction . 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 she headed toward the laptop-reed montgomery 's laptop . 
 the machine had been smashed , again and again , broken into sharp , hard pieces . 
 keyboard buttons were on the floor . 
 it looked as if the machine 's hard drive had been hit repeatedly with a hammer . 
 `` someone did n't want me seeing evidence , '' she said , putting her hands on her hips . 
 `` i do n't know if it was luck or whoever did this knew just what he was doing , but he smashed the platters inside the hard drive . '' 
 she looked back at jasper . 
 `` it 's highly unlikely that i 'll be able to recover any information from this machine . '' 
 `` when ? '' 
 a snarl from him . 
 `` i was up here less than two hours ago . 
 logan wanted that intel on the shrink , so i had to leave before i could start processing the computer . '' 
 every muscle in his body was on high alert . 
 `` only the eod agents had access to this building . '' 
 `` the agents ... '' she nodded , but said , `` the sheriff . 
 the deputy ... and veronica lane . '' 
 he was already shaking his head . 
 `` it was n't her . '' 
 `` maybe she was trying to help her brother , by hiding his guilt . '' 
 `` it was n't her . '' 
 and there it was ... blind trust . 
 the same kind of trust veronica had for cale . 
 the same kind of trust she 'd given to jasper just twenty-four hours ago . 
 he spun for the door . 
 `` where 's the sheriff ? '' 
 `` gone . '' 
 her footsteps rushed after him . 
 `` both wyatt and the deputy went out to do some patrols . 
 logan is looking for them now but ... '' he glanced back over his shoulder . 
 `` i think you should be the one who brings veronica in for questioning , '' sydney said , eyes wide . 
 `` it 's not her . '' 
 he knew it with every fiber of his being . 
 but if it was n't veronica , and cale could n't have smashed the machine because he 'd been in custody , then someone else out there was trying to make sure that cale lane was n't cleared . 
 `` someone is setting me up . '' 
 yeah , jasper was starting to believe cale 's words . 
 `` as soon as logan finds the sheriff and deputy , i want to know . '' 
 he hurried down the stairs . 
 `` jasper ! 
 what about veronica - '' `` i 'll take care of her . '' 
 sydney could interpret that any way she wanted . 
 jasper grabbed his keys and raced out into the night . 
 * * * veronica 's shoulders hunched as she walked . 
 she was soaked through , and the wind and rain seemed to slap at her face with every step that she took . 
 she did n't have a cell phone . 
 it had n't been recovered after the crash at the ranch . 
 and no one was on this road to help her . 
 people were too smart to be out in the storm . 
 the flash drive was still in her pocket . 
 she 'd been too afraid to leave it behind in the car . 
 it was her only evidence . 
 she had to hold on to it . 
 she heard the growl of a motor behind her . 
 yes . 
 finally someone ! 
 veronica hurried back onto the road . 
 the car was a good distance away now . 
 she waved her arms as soon as the headlights hit her . 
 the headlights were so bright . 
 as bright as they 'd been before , when the car had come rushing at her . 
 she froze , with her arms still over her head . 
 the car was n't slowing . 
 the driver had to see her , even through the rain , but he was n't slowing . 
 veronica ran back toward the side of the road . 
 just as she left the pavement , she slipped in the mud and fell down hard . 
 mud soaked her clothes , and it felt as if her shoulder slammed into a rock , but she dragged herself forward to the row of trees near the edge of the road . 
 behind her , brakes squealed as the car stopped . 
 her heartbeat echoed in her ears . 
 maybe the driver had seen her . 
 maybe he was coming to help her and she was panicking over nothing . 
 maybe . 
 cautiously , she turned back around . 
 because of the darkness , she could see very little about the car . 
 the vehicle seemed low to the ground , with a long hood and a stretching trunk , but she could n't determine the car 's color or make . 
 veronica inched a bit closer . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 she called out . 
 the driver 's door had opened . 
 she 'd heard it creak . 
 and , over the rain and her racing heartbeat , she seemed to hear footsteps . 
 she pressed her muddy hands against her jeans . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 veronica tried again . 
 but there was no response . 
 she crept forward , just a little , and a sudden blast of gunfire ripped right past her head . 
 veronica slammed into the earth instantly . 
 her breath heaved in her lungs . 
 he shot at me . 
 she remembered the eyes of the men who 'd died before her . 
 footsteps thudded toward her . 
 that was no good samaritan up there , coming to help a stranded motorist . 
 her instincts had been right about that . 
 whoever it was out there ... he was hunting her . 
 carefully , she slid back into her cover . 
 the line of trees was thin , and would n't provide her much protection . 
 she glanced to the left , to the right . 
 if she tried to run away from the road , she 'd be running straight into the middle of nowhere . 
 and the shooter could just follow her . 
 then what would she do ? 
 die . 
 her gaze went back to the road even as she began to creep to the left , a path that would take her away from the shooter 's car and - another shot blasted . 
 veronica stopped trying to creep away . 
 he had a lock on her . 
 creeping was n't going to work . 
 so she just ran . 
 dodging left and right , the way her brother had always told her she should run if someone was ever shooting at her . 
 another cale lane rule ... `` never give 'em a steady target . 
 the more you move , the harder it is for them to hit you . '' 
 so she moved as fast as she could , dodging in between the trees , never moving in a straight line and praying , praying , that someone would come along soon to help her . 
 then ... then another vehicle 's rumbling engine cut through the wind and rain . 
 * * * when he heard the gunfire , jasper 's foot slammed down even harder on the accelerator . 
 his windshield wipers sliced through the rain , and he kept a strong grip on the steering wheel . 
 he had n't been able to reach veronica at her home . 
 the phone had just rung and rung . 
 every ring had made him more afraid . 
 there was another roll of thunder-no , hell , another blast of gunfire . 
 he knew that familiar sound too well . 
 he rounded a curve , headed hard and fast down the long , narrow road . 
 he did n't see anyone , not yet . 
 then his lights cut across the darkness and the rain , and there was a shadow , a person , running right into the road . 
 running right at his vehicle . 
 he slammed on his brakes , and in that one frozen instant of time , jasper was able to see her face . 
 veronica . 
 terrified . 
 so afraid that she 'd just run right into the path of a car . 
 he jerked the wheel to the left , determined not to hit her , and his rental car bounced twice , then came to a jarring halt in the thick sludge of mud on the shoulder of the road . 
 grabbing his gun , he leaped from the vehicle . 
 `` veronica ! '' 
 before his booted feet could even touch the asphalt , a car came racing right by him , sending him leaping back . 
 the car 's engine screamed and the smell of burnt rubber filled his nose . 
 he had a fast impression of a black car , long and lean , slicing right through the night and rain . 
 no tag . 
 then the car was gone . 
 rushing away into the night . 
 his fingers tightened around the handle of his gun . 
 `` veronica ! '' 
 he shouted again . 
 he rushed into the road . 
 he had n't hit her , he knew he had n't . 
 please , do n't let me have hit veronica . 
 she slowly rose from the other side of the road . 
 she walked toward him with trembling steps . 
 he ran to her . 
 he grabbed her , making sure they were out of the road in case that maniac came back , and he held her as tightly as he could . 
 `` what the hell happened ? '' 
 she was soaked . 
 her clothes were caked with mud , and her hair hung in wet clumps around her face . 
 she shook against him , and her fear made the rage inside jasper burn even brighter . 
 `` h-he ... that car , it forced me off the road . '' 
 what ? 
 `` then th-the driver ... he came back for me . '' 
 her arms flew up and wrapped around his neck . 
 `` he shot at me . 
 he tried to kill me ... and i was so scared that i would n't be able to get away . '' 
 he shot at me . 
 `` come on , sweetheart , let 's get you out of here . '' 
 he ran with her back across the road , put her inside his car , then did a quick check of the tires . 
 they should be able to get out . 
 if not , he 'd claw their way out of that mud if he had to . 
 because he was getting her someplace safe . 
 he hurried back around to the driver 's side , jumped in , gunned the engine . 
 he pushed his foot down on the gas , and , at first , the wheels just spun . 
 `` that 's what happened to me , '' she whispered . 
 her hands were in her lap . 
 her shoulders hunched . 
 clenching his jaw , he tried again . 
 the tires found traction , and the vehicle lunged forward . 
 he drove fast and hard , even as he yanked out his phone to call logan . 
 the other agent answered the call on the second ring . 
 `` i 'm on hawkeye road with veronica . '' 
 his words snapped out . 
 `` some sob in a black vehicle just took shots at her . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` classic car , the kind that would stick out in a place like this , '' jasper said , his voice clipped . 
 the length of the hood and trunk had been familiar to him . 
 `` no tags , but that car is going to be easy to track . 
 looked like an impala . '' 
 `` on it , '' logan said . 
 `` you bringing her in ? '' 
 he slanted a fast glance at veronica . 
 someone had tried to kill her . 
 if he 'd been just a few minutes later ... `` i 'll do whatever 's necessary to keep her safe . '' 
 because in that one instant , when he 'd seen her on the road , her beautiful face illuminated by his headlights , fear so heavy on her features , everything had changed for him . 
 this was n't about a mission and not about a case . 
 it was n't even about the poor men who 'd lost their lives . 
 it was about veronica . 
 for him , she was the goal . 
 keeping her safe , keeping her alive and stopping the fool who thought that he 'd hurt her . 
 not on my watch . 
 because until the eod caught that guy , jasper was n't leaving veronica 's side . 
 chapter eleven she entered the makeshift eod headquarters with slow steps . 
 veronica knew that she looked like hell , but she did n't care . 
 she was pretty much just glad to be alive at this point . 
 sydney 's eyes widened when she caught sight of veronica , and she hurried toward her . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 a few scrapes and bruises did n't qualify in veronica 's mind , so she shook her head . 
 jasper stood behind her , and she was far too conscious of him , and of the deadly look in his eyes . 
 she 'd made the mistake of looking into that lethal stare a few moments before . 
 she 'd never seen that level of rage before , not from anyone . 
 he 'd been silent after that phone call to the other agent , but she 'd felt his anger . 
 when she looked into his eyes , she could see his fury . 
 veronica cleared her throat . 
 `` i 'm going to assume that my brother is still under guard . '' 
 sydney nodded . 
 veronica reached into her pocket and pulled out the flash drive . 
 `` then you know he was n't responsible for the shots taken at me . 
 someone else is hunting in this town . 
 not cale . 
 and this ... this can prove his story about heading down to the caribbean to work a case . '' 
 she handed the flash drive to sydney . 
 a frown pulled sydney 's brows together . 
 `` where 'd you get this ? '' 
 `` from reed montgomery 's computer . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 the mud felt cold and hard on her skin . 
 `` so i tampered with the scene . 
 lock me up if you - '' `` no one is locking you up , '' jasper snarled immediately . 
 sydney 's eyes widened . 
 `` that 's why the computer was smashed . '' 
 what ? 
 veronica shook her head . 
 `` look , i called earlier and told jimmy what i 'd found . 
 he was supposed to tell - '' the doors burst open behind her . 
 wyatt rushed inside , his face haggard . 
 `` veronica ! '' 
 he grabbed her and pulled her into a crushing hug . 
 `` oh , damn , when logan got me on the radio and told me about the attack ... '' he pushed her back , stared down at her with blazing eyes . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 she was n't going to let herself think too much about the bullet that had missed her head by about , oh , an inch . 
 jasper clapped his hand down on wyatt 's shoulder and jerked him back . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 `` i - what ? '' 
 wyatt frowned at him . 
 `` kyle jamison 's house took a hit from the storm . 
 a tree crashed into the side of his place . 
 i went to see how he was , to make sure everything was all right . '' 
 `` and where 's your deputy ? '' 
 sydney asked him quietly . 
 wyatt glanced back at her , brows rising . 
 `` jimmy 's out patrolling . 
 with the storms still running through the area , we needed to make sure folks here were safe . 
 that no one was stranded anywhere . '' 
 stranded as she 'd been . 
 stuck on the side of the road . 
 easy pickings . 
 no . 
 her shoulders straightened . 
 not so easy . 
 `` why are you checking on me ? '' 
 wyatt asked as his eyes suddenly narrowed . 
 then he looked over at veronica . 
 `` oh , no , you do n't think that i - '' `` evidence has been destroyed , '' sydney interrupted . 
 `` evidence that only a few people in this town had access to . '' 
 `` what kind of evidence ? '' 
 wyatt wanted to know as he yanked a hand through his wet hair . 
 `` reed montgomery 's computer . 
 i think the killer smashed it to hell and back because he did n't want us to find ... '' sydney held up the flash drive . 
 `` this . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i have n't destroyed anything . 
 why would i care about reed montgomery 's computer ? 
 i want you to catch any killers in my town . 
 this is a safe place . '' 
 his voice dropped . 
 `` or it was . '' 
 raindrops trickled down the side of his face . 
 `` i came to whiskey ridge so i could get away from all the death and violence . 
 i sure never thought it would follow me here . '' 
 the door opened once more . 
 logan stepped inside . 
 he swept a fast glance at sydney , then at jasper . 
 the gaze he gave wyatt held suspicion . 
 `` i ca n't seem to locate your deputy , '' logan said . 
 `` he wo n't answer his radio or his cell . '' 
 wyatt 's chin lifted . 
 `` jimmy 's probably just out of his car . 
 helping someone . '' 
 `` maybe . '' 
 logan 's tone said he doubted that possibility . 
 wyatt 's gaze narrowed as he snapped to his full height . 
 `` you said someone shot at veronica . 
 jimmy would never do that ! 
 the kid wants to keep everyone safe in this town . 
 he 'd have no reason to go after veronica . 
 she 's - '' `` did he tell you that i called ? '' 
 veronica asked because she had to know this . 
 everyone went silent . 
 she could hear the ticking of the clock on the desk in the lobby . 
 the lines on wyatt 's face deepened . 
 confusion clouded his eyes . 
 `` what call ? '' 
 that was the answer that she needed , and the one that she dreaded . 
 jasper eased closer to her . 
 `` why did you call the sheriff ? '' 
 `` because i did n't know your number . '' 
 her shoulder lifted in a sad shrug . 
 jimmy . 
 she 'd tutored him when he was in high school . 
 little jimmy jones . 
 his dad had been killed in the military , and his mom had always struggled to make ends meet . 
 struggled ... until jimmy had been eighteen ; then his mother had cut out of town and left him behind . 
 she 'd never come back . 
 taking a deep breath , veronica said , `` i called wyatt because i thought he 'd believe me about the evidence i 'd found . '' 
 she nodded toward sydney 's hand and the small drive that the agent had gripped in her fingers . 
 `` i knew the evidence was also on the computer that had been taken from the scene . 
 a file that reed had . 
 by itself , it 's not that much . 
 i mean , it 's a start , anyway . 
 bread crumbs that can help lead us to what 's really happening . '' 
 `` when did you call ? '' 
 sydney wanted to know . 
 `` i. . . 
 jimmy did n't tell me that you called . '' 
 wyatt 's voice was low now . 
 she could see the suspicion in his gaze . 
 when jimmy had been left alone , wyatt had stepped in . 
 he tried to help the teen as much as he could . 
 she knew jimmy was a deputy because of wyatt . 
 jimmy had wanted to be just like him . 
 and like cale . 
 cale had always been there for jimmy , too . 
 teaching him to shoot . 
 to hunt . 
 to ... kill ? 
 `` when did you call ? '' 
 sydney repeated . 
 veronica glanced at the clock on the desk . 
 `` about two hours ago . '' 
 `` right before the computer was smashed . '' 
 jimmy ? 
 she just never would have suspected him . 
 he still blushed when girls smiled at him . 
 `` the car that drove me off the road , it went back down hawkeye , heading toward my house . '' 
 `` probably because he was going to search for the evidence , '' jasper said , voice rumbling , `` and when he could n't find it there , he went back to make sure you did n't get a chance to tell anyone else about what you 'd found . '' 
 logan closed the distance between him and sydney . 
 `` can you get a gps track going on his phone ? '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` as long as the phone 's on . '' 
 then she turned away and headed out of the room . 
 wyatt swore . 
 `` you 're telling me ... my own deputy ... is the one who did all these murders ? 
 him , and not cale ? '' 
 her gaze snapped up to wyatt . 
 `` cale has n't been cleared on anything yet , '' logan said , eyes and voice both hard . 
 `` we 're gon na find jimmy . 
 we 'll bring him in , and then we 'll see just what the hell is happening in this town . '' 
 for such a sleepy town , whiskey ridge sure had a lot of deaths . 
 jasper 's fingers curled around veronica 's wrist . 
 `` let 's get you cleaned up . '' 
 `` i 'm sure sydney has some clothes she can borrow , '' logan murmured . 
 `` you taking her to the motel ? '' 
 jasper nodded . 
 he tugged on veronica 's wrist . 
 she did n't move . 
 she was remembering that car , coming at her . 
 at the time , she 'd been so scared , but now ... `` wyatt , did n't jimmy buy an old car a few years back ? 
 one that he wanted to restore ? '' 
 `` that black ' 67 ? '' 
 wyatt gave a nod . 
 `` yeah , he 's been keeping it in his garage , but i think it 's almost ... '' he trailed off as he saw the tension on jasper 's face . 
 she thought about jimmy 's old car . 
 about the long , heavy lines of the ride he 'd loved so much . 
 then she said , sadly , `` i 'm pretty sure that 's the car that ran me off the road . '' 
 logan swore . 
 then he rushed to follow sydney . 
 `` syd , i need that gps now . '' 
 because it looked as though they 'd found the man who 'd just tried to kill her , and it was one of the men who 'd promised to protect and serve everyone in whiskey ridge . 
 * * * veronica came out of the shower , dressed in a white terry cloth robe . 
 her hair trailed over her shoulders , and her skin was flushed . 
 she still looked too fragile . 
 but he 'd realized that the delicate appearance was only skin deep for veronica . 
 the woman had a core of steel . 
 `` when were you gon na tell me that you lifted that flash drive ? '' 
 he asked her . 
 she paused at the threshold of the bathroom . 
 steam drifted around her . 
 they were in his motel room . 
 he had the door bolted , and he figured it was time they cleared the air between them . 
 provided , of course , that he could keep his hands off her . 
 `` i was going to get around to that , '' she murmured , `` but there was the little matter of you getting shot , me finding out you were an eod agent and , then , well , you arresting my brother . '' 
 `` yeah , the little matter of all that . '' 
 he stalked toward her . 
 she tensed . 
 `` i thought i had the room to myself . 
 you were supposed to wait outside while i showered . '' 
 `` i 'm not going anyplace . 
 you were almost killed tonight . '' 
 the memory had his heart racing . 
 `` do you know what that did to me ? '' 
 she looked confused . 
 as if she could n't figure out why her death would matter to him . 
 he put his hands on her , right near her shoulders . 
 she smelled fresh and clean and just looking at her made him ache . 
 so the whole no-touching-her bit had lasted for all of five seconds . 
 the woman made him weak . 
 `` you were worried , '' she said , giving a little nod . 
 `` you 're an agent , so your job is - '' `` forget the job . '' 
 anger thickened his voice . 
 `` this is n't about a job any longer . 
 it 's about you . '' 
 she blinked . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 'm not on the eod 's side , okay ? 
 i 'm not using you . 
 i 'm not trying to get information on your brother . 
 i 'm here , right now , because there is no other place on this whole earth that i 'd rather be . 
 i want to be with you . '' 
 `` jasper . '' 
 her gaze searched his . 
 what was she looking for ? 
 what emotion ? 
 what truth ? 
 whatever it was , he sure as hell hoped that she found it . 
 `` the case is between us , i get that . 
 you think your brother 's innocent ? 
 you think he 's being set up by that deputy ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 she breathed the words . 
 `` i do . '' 
 such incredible faith . 
 he wanted her to have that kind of faith in him . 
 `` then consider me on your side from here on out . '' 
 the choice really was that simple to him . 
 he could n't keep ripping her apart by going after her brother . 
 he 'd resign from the eod . 
 he 'd be with her . 
 if she wanted him . 
 `` wh-what are you saying ? '' 
 he had to kiss her . 
 that little stutter got to him every single time . 
 his lips brushed hers , gentle , because he was determined to be , for now . 
 `` i 'm saying that i have your back , always . '' 
 another kiss against her lips . 
 `` i 'm saying that you can trust me to be there for you . '' 
 her lips parted in surprise . 
 another kiss . 
 this time , his tongue dipped inside her mouth and tasted that sweetness . 
 `` if your brother is being set up , we 'll find the evidence that links jimmy to the kills . 
 we 'll clear cale . '' 
 and if he is n't innocent ... if jimmy and cale are somehow working together ... he 'd still be there for veronica . 
 from now on , he planned to be the man she needed him to be . 
 `` why ? '' 
 she asked him softly . 
 `` why are you changing your mind ? 
 is it because of - '' `` it 's because of you . '' 
 simple . 
 `` i wo n't lose you . '' 
 not when she was everything that he 'd ever been looking for his whole life . 
 once , he 'd told logan that if a woman ever looked at him the way logan 's fiancee , juliana , looked at that guy ... well , jasper had said that he 'd hold as tight to that woman as he could . 
 jasper had n't known a lot of love in his life , but he 'd seen it in juliana 's gaze when she looked at logan . 
 and , too late , he realized that he 'd seen the same look in veronica 's eyes . 
 hope , trust , love-all of that had been in her eyes . 
 i want that look again . 
 he 'd work for it , do anything necessary , in order for her to look at him that way again . 
 `` you wanted me once , '' he whispered against her mouth . 
 `` i can make you want me again . '' 
 her hands rose , slowly , and settled lightly on either side of his jaw . 
 her stare was guarded now , but he could be patient . 
 he could prove his worth to her . 
 `` jasper ... '' he turned his head and pressed a kiss to her palm . 
 `` i ca n't lose you . '' 
 how had she come to mean so much to him , so quickly ? 
 the image of her on that rain-soaked road would haunt him until he died . 
 `` i 'm not going anyplace , '' veronica told him . 
 she stepped closer to him , erasing the last bit of distance that separated them . 
 `` i want to be with you . '' 
 his control began to fracture . 
 he kissed her again . 
 harder . 
 her hands dropped to his chest , smoothed over his skin . 
 his fingers went to the belt of her robe , pulled the tie loose and slid inside to find smooth , naked skin . 
 but she pushed against him . 
 `` jasper , your shoulder , your wound ... '' `` i 'll hurt more if i ca n't have you . '' 
 the need to take her again blazed through him . 
 death had been too close . 
 he had to know that she was safe . 
 jasper wanted her body against his , and he wanted the pleasure to wipe away the fear that made him feel hollow inside . 
 and to think that some of his eod buddies believed he was a man who did n't understand fear . 
 i understand it now . 
 jasper kissed his way down her neck and enjoyed the shiver that slid over her body . 
 her hands were being so careful on him , but a little pain was n't about to slow him down . 
 he led her to the bed . 
 kissed her , caressed the flesh that seemed to have been made just for his hands . 
 her ni ** les were tight , pink and he laved them with his tongue . 
 she liked that . 
 he could hear her pleasure in the moan that slipped from her lips . 
 good . 
 because he sure liked tasting her . 
 `` i do n't want to hurt you , '' she said again . 
 her hands were hesitant on him . 
 he glanced up at her . 
 desire was warm in her eyes , and her flush had deepened . 
 he caught her hands , pushed them back over her head . 
 held them there with his left hand . 
 `` you 'd only hurt me if you turned me away . '' 
 her legs were open , parted slightly . 
 he eased between her thighs and placed a kiss on her stomach . 
 `` jasper ? '' 
 his right hand caressed her flesh . 
 he wanted her as aroused and eager as he was . 
 lust was a constant heat in his blood now , burning him from the inside out . 
 but he would n't take , no , he wanted to give the pleasure to her . 
 needed to see the pleasure on her face . 
 he pushed his fingers into her , stroked the most sensitive part of her body . 
 her hips arched up toward him . 
 eager . 
 not as eager as he was , not yet . 
 his fingers thrust again . 
 he released her wrists , bent and tasted her . 
 she gasped out his name and that was the moment he 'd been waiting for . 
 the moment when pleasure and need merged for her . 
 after quickly taking care of the protection , he positioned his aroused length at the entrance of her body . 
 met her gaze . 
 saw the desire . 
 the ... trust ? 
 yes . 
 he drove into her as his control shattered . 
 she met every thrust , rising up with her hips , wrapping her arms around him-but not touching his shoulder . 
 his veronica . 
 always so careful . 
 so perfect for him . 
 his thrusts grew harder . 
 deeper . 
 her sex tightened around him , and he knew another release was close for her . 
 his own climax was bearing down on him . 
 he kissed her , because he wanted to taste her pleasure . 
 then she was tensing beneath him as the wave of release hit her . 
 her sex contracted around him , and his climax ripped through jasper , sending pleasure pouring through his body as he held her tightly beneath him . 
 they had n't just had sex . 
 he got that . 
 he 'd had sex with plenty of women over the years . 
 the pleasure he took with her , the way he felt ... so much more . 
 he stared down into her eyes . 
 he could hear the drumming of his heartbeat filling his ears . 
 she was everything he wanted , and he 'd been a blind fool not to realize it sooner . 
 `` veronica . '' 
 she smiled up at him . 
 `` i did n't think it could get better . '' 
 her hand lifted . 
 traced a sensual path down his chest . 
 `` i was wrong . '' 
 his lips took hers . 
 a knock sounded at the door . 
 a knock that he was very , very glad had n't sounded about one minute sooner . 
 but veronica 's eyes still widened in alarm and her cheeks stained more with that lovely red . 
 `` oh , no , do you think - '' `` i think you should stay exactly where you are . 
 it 's just logan or sydney , coming with some extra clothes for you . '' 
 he 'd forgotten all about them until that moment . 
 he rose from the bed , pulled the covers over her and bent to grab the clothes that he did n't even remember ditching . 
 but veronica was already hopping out of the bed . 
 `` i 'm not staying here naked ! 
 what if they know-what if - '' oh , they knew , all right . 
 he was pretty sure that logan understood the hungry looks he 'd been shooting at veronica . 
 unless he was very , very bad at reading people , there 'd been a whole lot of desire and longing looks passing between gunner and sydney for months . 
 his team understood lust . 
 as for him , he was starting to understand love . 
 he headed for the door . 
 after he checked through the peephole , he pulled it open . 
 because he did n't want to embarrass veronica any more , he only opened the door a few inches . 
 logan lifted a brow even as he also raised a small paper bag . 
 `` some fresh clothes for your lady . '' 
 the guy 's voice was carefully expressionless . 
 jasper tried to remember if he 'd been ... loud . 
 had he bellowed veronica 's name ? 
 logan 's knowing look said , yep , he had . 
 `` not a word to her , '' jasper growled . 
 no one would insult veronica . 
 logan nodded . 
 `` would n't dream of it . '' 
 but then his face hardened . 
 `` sydney just got a hit on the deputy 's cell phone . 
 it turned on near cale and veronica 's ranch . '' 
 the deputy must have doubled back . 
 maybe he was still looking for the evidence veronica had taken from reed 's computer , hoping that veronica did n't have it on her . 
 too bad . 
 the eod has the files . 
 `` we 're going hunting . '' 
 logan cocked his head . 
 `` you in with us ? '' 
 jasper looked over his shoulder at veronica . 
 she had belted the robe around her body again . 
 she stared back at him with wide eyes . 
 `` no , '' he said slowly as he turned back to face logan . 
 `` i 'm staying with veronica . 
 i do n't want her alone . '' 
 not until he was exactly sure what they were dealing with . 
 deputy jimmy jones had looked like a scared kid the few times jasper had seen him . 
 jimmy had been at the police station the night it was torched . 
 wyatt had said the kid was in the back , and the flames and explosions had first started back there . 
 and when wyatt went looking for him , jimmy had been gone . 
 gone because he 'd been outside , killing witnesses ? 
 it sure looked that way . 
 and jimmy looked like a scared kid . 
 `` i thought you might say that ... wyatt 's inside the th . '' 
 temporary headquarters . 
 jasper knew the lingo . 
 logan continued . 
 `` he and gunner are going to stay behind with cale . 
 veronica could go there with them . 
 she could - '' `` no , '' jasper said . 
 he was n't leaving her . 
 `` yes , '' veronica responded at the same time . 
 she grabbed the bag of clothes from jasper 's hand and pulled the door open even wider . 
 `` if you need backup , then jasper 's coming with you . '' 
 logan glanced between them . 
 her hand brushed against jasper . 
 `` this is your job . 
 you make sure that jimmy comes in alive-he can come back and clear my brother . '' 
 because proving her brother 's innocence was the one thing that mattered most to veronica . 
 `` logan has backup , '' jasper said , still not willing to leave her . 
 `` sydney 's damn good at her job and - '' `` it 's a whole lot of land . 
 it 's a guy who knows the area , '' veronica said , `` and you 're tracking him through a storm . 
 if sydney 's found a link to him out at my ranch , you ca n't waste time . 
 go find him . '' 
 because it was what she wanted , he nodded . 
 `` we leave in five , '' logan said as he stepped back . 
 five minutes . 
 not long . 
 jasper shut the door . 
 pulled veronica against him . 
 `` when i come back , you and i are gon na finalize some things . '' 
 she frowned up at him . 
 `` the eod . '' 
 jasper heaved out a breath as he tried to find the right words . 
 `` it does n't have to be the only thing for me . '' 
 he 'd had another dream , one that had whispered through his mind for years . 
 the picket fence . 
 a family . 
 someone he loved . 
 `` finish this job , '' she whispered to him . 
 `` come back , and we start fresh . '' 
 sounded like one fine idea to him . 
 he kissed her and knew that he would n't , could n't fail on this hunt . 
 * * * he watched the eod agents leave . 
 they thought they were so smart . 
 tracking him . 
 closing in . 
 they did n't realize their mistake . 
 he 'd been the one to turn on the cell phone so they could do their gps tracking . 
 he wanted them out on that ranch . 
 because while the eod was away , it gave him plenty of time to play . 
 he smiled and checked his weapon . 
 perfect . 
 they could search that ranch all night if they wanted . 
 it would give him the chance he needed to take care of business . 
 he glanced down at his chest . 
 at the stupid star near his heart . 
 people acted as if that star was supposed to mean something to him . 
 it did n't mean a damn thing . 
 money mattered . 
 getting paid for the jobs that he did . 
 he 'd been poor . 
 he 'd been pitied . 
 he 'd never be that way again . 
 he 'd found a way to get a whole new life , and to get that life , he 'd just needed to become someone new . 
 cale was n't so special . 
 not `` cale lane , '' anyway . 
 but `` striker '' ... he was special . 
 people asked specifically for that mercenary when they went to reed montgomery . 
 cale had balked at the jobs that were n't straight rescues . 
 he 'd never taken the hits . 
 even though those jobs paid the most cash . 
 so someone had taken the jobs for him . 
 reed had been down with the switch . 
 morality had n't been big with the guy , so reed sure had n't balked at lying about which mercenary actually took a job . 
 people wanted striker ? 
 then they were told striker handled the cases , even if someone else was actually doing the job . 
 it had been the perfect situation . 
 but when veronica just would n't give up on her hunt and those federal agents came to town , well , he had n't been able to trust that reed would n't turn on him . 
 so he 'd eliminated reed , just as he had the others . 
 for now ... now it was time for the next step . 
 time to take over the `` striker '' name once more and finish the job he 'd started . 
 he 'd been paid very , very well to take out eod agents . 
 two more agents were on his hit list . 
 gunner ortez . 
 sydney sloan . 
 it seemed someone down in south america wanted those two out of the picture . 
 the same someone who 'd paid to have the other eod agents eliminated . 
 when he finished this job , he 'd have a cool two million waiting in his cayman islands account . 
 there was a lot that a man could do with two million dollars . 
 hell , two million dollars could wash away so much blood . 
 he rubbed the star on his chest , checked his weapon once more and got ready to finish the job . 
 chapter twelve inside the eod team 's headquarters , veronica paced along the narrow hallway . 
 she did n't see gunner , but she knew he was just a short scream away . 
 not that she planned to scream . 
 jimmy ? 
 how could it have been jimmy ? 
 the idea still seemed wrong to her . 
 jimmy had been such a sweet guy . 
 lost , sad , hurt by his mother 's abandonment , but he 'd cared about whiskey ridge . 
 he 'd cared about her and cale . 
 had n't he ? 
 a man of the law , now being hunted . 
 soon enough , they 'd find out what was happening with jimmy . 
 soon - gunfire erupted , bursting from near the entrance of the headquarters . 
 she tensed , then saw wyatt rushing down the hallway to her . 
 `` it 's jimmy ! '' 
 sweat glistened on his forehead . 
 `` he took a shot at me when i got close to the front window ! 
 saw him ... '' he huffed out a breath . 
 `` for just a second ... fired back ... '' his fingers clenched around hers . 
 `` i think i hit him . '' 
 footsteps thundered behind her . 
 she looked over her shoulder . 
 gunner was there , with his gun out , and his face was a hard mask . 
 `` what 's happening ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` jimmy 's outside , '' she said . 
 `` wyatt thinks that he shot the deputy . '' 
 gunner 's hold tightened on his weapon . 
 `` take her to the back . 
 i 'll check it out . '' 
 wyatt 's fingers were trembling . 
 how must he feel ? 
 to have shot jimmy . 
 `` i nearly raised him ... '' wyatt whispered as he shook his head . 
 `` that boy ... how could he do this ? '' 
 he pulled her down the hallway . 
 `` how ? '' 
 pain deepened his voice . 
 more stumbling steps and they were near the end of the hallway . 
 the room that housed cale was to the right . 
 `` go on in there , '' wyatt said with a nod toward the door . 
 `` stay with cale until we make sure jimmy is ... '' wyatt 's breath blew out on a rough sigh . 
 `` just stay with him . '' 
 then he was gone . 
 rushing back down the hallway . 
 she opened the door . 
 the handle turned easily beneath her fingers . 
 she would have thought that gunner had locked the room , but maybe her brother had - the room was empty . 
 cale was gone . 
 the slats of wood had been pried off the window . 
 gunfire blasted once more . 
 * * * jasper and logan had their weapons out . 
 they were scanning the area around veronica 's ranch . 
 so far , there were no signs of jimmy . 
 not yet . 
 `` the front door 's open , '' logan whispered . 
 jasper nodded to show he 'd heard . 
 then he gave a quick gesture with his hand . 
 he 'd go in first , and logan could follow for cover . 
 one , two ... by three , he was in the house . 
 and the house had most definitely been searched . 
 ransacked . 
 not just veronica 's room this time . 
 not just cale 's room . 
 everything had been destroyed . 
 was the guy still in there ? 
 only one way to find out . 
 another fast hand gesture , and he and logan swept through the kitchen . 
 sydney had her weapon out now , too , and she flanked them . 
 room by room , they searched . 
 downstairs . 
 upstairs . 
 broken furniture . 
 overturned chairs . 
 but no jimmy jones . 
 jasper peered down from veronica 's window . 
 `` he could be in any of those buildings . '' 
 just like before . 
 only this time , the guy was watching them , not veronica . 
 `` if he 's out there , why has n't he taken us out ? '' 
 sydney asked . 
 `` he could have gotten shots off when we came on the porch . '' 
 `` maybe our cover was too good . 
 he did n't have a clean shot , '' logan said instantly . 
 `` maybe - '' he broke off , frowning , then pulled his phone out of his back pocket . 
 the phone made no sound , but jasper knew the device would be emitting a small vibration . 
 `` it 's gunner . '' 
 logan put the phone to his ear . 
 `` area is n't secure yet . 
 we 're - '' jasper saw his eyes widen . 
 `` when ? 
 damn it , yes , we 're on the way . '' 
 he shoved the phone back into his pocket . 
 `` gunner says we are n't going to find the deputy out here . 
 he 's back in town , shooting at wyatt . '' 
 `` he lured us away , '' sydney said with a shake of her head even as they all raced for the stairs . 
 `` that guy wanted to separate us so he could attack better . 
 he left his phone for us to track . '' 
 now he was heading in to take out cale . 
 and veronica . 
 they rushed out of the front door . 
 the porch creaked beneath their feet . 
 but then they heard the peal of a ringing cell phone , a sound that came from within the house . 
 jimmy 's phone ? 
 sydney glanced back at the house . 
 `` why ... '' then her eyes widened . 
 `` the bomb at the sheriff 's station-it was triggered by a cell ! 
 he could be doing it again ! 
 run ! '' 
 but there was n't time to run . 
 the house exploded behind them . 
 the force of the blast sent jasper flying into the air , and then he hit the ground with a bone-jarring thud . 
 * * * veronica rushed back down the hallway . 
 there was no more gunfire . 
 just silence . 
 she crouched low , not wanting to make a target , and turned the corner that would take her back to the small lobby . 
 `` wyatt ? '' 
 veronica whispered . 
 he was bent near the front desk . 
 he turned around , eyes widening . 
 he had his phone in his hand . 
 `` i ca n't get logan and the others . '' 
 worry hardened his words . 
 `` no one 's answering . '' 
 she swallowed over the lump in her throat . 
 `` and cale 's gone . '' 
 wyatt tensed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 then , suddenly , wyatt was right in front of her , grabbing her arm and pulling her close . 
 `` hell , he 's supposed to be cuffed back there . '' 
 `` the handcuffs were on the floor . 
 the room was empty . 
 he 's gone . 
 h-he must have picked the lock and managed to pry the boards off the window . '' 
 the eod had underestimated him . 
 her brother had gotten out of plenty of tight spots over the years . 
 as if that little room would have held him for long . 
 wyatt glanced over his shoulder . 
 `` is that jimmy out there shooting at us ... or cale ? '' 
 shock squeezed her heart . 
 `` b-but you said ... jimmy ... '' `` i never saw the shooter . '' 
 his confession was a rough rasp . 
 `` i just assumed ... '' he shook his head . 
 `` never mind . 
 we have to get out there . 
 gunner needs to know who he 's facing . '' 
 his gaze penned hers . 
 `` you stay low and you move fast , got it ? '' 
 she had it , all right . 
 but she 'd feel better if she had a weapon . 
 if she had something . 
 her gaze flew around the room . 
 the filing cabinets . 
 the desk . 
 she swiped out with her hand , grabbing the small weapon that probably would n't do her a bit of good . 
 then she followed wyatt . 
 she stayed down . 
 she moved fast . 
 just as he 'd told her . 
 just as ... `` get in , '' wyatt ordered roughly . 
 they were at his patrol car . 
 he was trying to push her into the back . 
 there was no gunfire . 
 no sign of gunner or cale or jimmy . 
 and wyatt was sweating so much . 
 from fear . 
 from adrenaline . 
 from ... something more ? 
 her fingers were curled around the small letter opener that she 'd grabbed from the desk . 
 `` you did n't say we were going to leave gunner . '' 
 `` i do n't see him . '' 
 his gaze darted to the left . 
 to the right . 
 `` so the only thing we can do is go to the ranch and try to find the others . 
 then we 'll come back . '' 
 `` but jimmy could get away . 
 cale could - '' he pushed her toward the backseat . 
 `` we do n't have time to argue , veronica ! 
 let 's go ! '' 
 but she hesitated . 
 something just felt wrong . 
 `` veronica ! '' 
 cale 's voice . 
 she started to smile then . 
 it was going to be all right . 
 it was - wyatt spun at cale 's shout . 
 he brought up his gun and fired . 
 she screamed when her brother fell back . 
 screamed-and shoved that letter opener into wyatt 's shoulder . 
 the bellow of pain was his , but she was already moving , trying to jerk his gun away . 
 he was strong , though , far stronger than she 'd realized , and he shoved her , sending her tumbling into the back of his patrol car . 
 she lunged up in an instant . 
 and found herself staring down the barrel of his gun . 
 `` did n't want it to be like this , '' wyatt muttered , with a shake of his head . 
 `` not for you . 
 i had other plans for you . '' 
 `` wyatt ? '' 
 another gunshot rang out . 
 it ricocheted off the open patrol car door . 
 wyatt swore and dropped low . 
 she rushed forward , but he slammed the door , sealing her inside . 
 there were no handles on the back door . 
 no way to lower the windows . 
 a wire cage separated her from the front seat . 
 more gunfire erupted . 
 one bullet hit wyatt in the shoulder . 
 he was snarling and lifting his gun , spinning around and seeming to fire right up into the air . 
 then he was lunging into the front of the patrol car . 
 revving the car 's engine and racing away . 
 veronica was yelling for him to stop . 
 but he was n't . 
 she spun back to look behind her . 
 cale was trying to sit up . 
 his chest was soaked with blood and his hand was up , as if he were reaching for her . 
 gunner ran up behind cale , a gun still gripped in the agent 's hand . 
 gunner lifted that gun , as if he 'd fire . 
 then his gaze locked on hers . 
 help me . 
 gunner did n't fire . 
 wyatt left them with a scream of his tires . 
 * * * jasper pushed to his feet . 
 the house was an inferno , blazing out of control . 
 the house that veronica had loved . 
 `` that 's how he did it at the station , '' sydney murmured . 
 she did n't seem to be aware that a one-inch gash was dripping blood down her cheek . 
 `` he had the bomb already wired . 
 he knew we were bringing in the kidnappers . 
 he just had to press a few buttons , make one call . '' 
 and the station had exploded . 
 sydney yanked out her phone . 
 dialed fast . 
 then , `` gunner , listen , the ranch has just - '' she broke off , inhaling sharply . 
 her stare was on jasper and he saw the horror in her eyes . 
 saw the faintest tremble of her lower lip , and he knew the news she 'd gotten had been bad . 
 veronica . 
 `` but ... but you 're all right ? '' 
 sydney whispered uncertainly . 
 sydney was never uncertain . 
 jasper took a step forward . 
 logan was on his feet now and they were both closing in on sydney even as the house burned . 
 `` we 'll be right there , '' she said . 
 `` but-what ? 
 what has cale done ? '' 
 he would n't hurt veronica . 
 cale would never ... sydney lowered her phone . 
 `` logan , use your pull . 
 call d.c. and get them to send some county backup over to us now . 
 the deputy 's still missing , and veronica ... '' her gaze cut back to jasper . 
 `` she 's been taken . '' 
 jasper was already shaking his head because that just was n't an option . 
 she could n't be taken by anyone . 
 she could n't be hurt . 
 he needed her too much and - `` it was the sheriff , '' sydney said . 
 `` gunner told me the guy shot cale and then wyatt forced veronica into the back of a patrol car . 
 he took off , going hell fast , but cale 's following him . 
 i guess a bullet ca n't slow him down for long . '' 
 everything seemed to slow down for jasper . 
 even the heat of the flames seemed to die away . 
 wyatt forced veronica into the back of a patrol car . 
 `` he 's dead , '' jasper whispered . 
 sydney flinched . 
 she put the phone back to her ear . 
 `` gunner , do you have cale within sight ? 
 i know he took the motorcycle but ... '' her worried stare was n't leaving jasper . 
 only he could barely see her . 
 in his mind , he just saw veronica . 
 scared . 
 he did n't want her to be scared . 
 he 'd said that he would keep her safe . 
 and he was damn well gon na do it . 
 sydney was off the phone now , but logan had yanked out his phone to call for backup . 
 jasper was n't about to let any more time waste . 
 `` tell me that you can track cale , '' he said to sydney . 
 sometimes the eod would put tracking chips under the skin of certain witnesses , witnesses who were in danger of being abducted or killed . 
 logan 's juliana had been one of those witnesses . 
 that tracking device had saved her life . 
 maybe - sydney shook her head . 
 no . 
 `` the sheriff took her , '' jasper gritted out . 
 the man had been right there , with them every step of the way . 
 he should have known . 
 he should have suspected . 
 but he 'd been focused on the mission , on capturing cale . 
 then he 'd been blindsided by veronica . 
 i 'm coming , veronica . 
 i wo n't let you down . 
 `` the sheriff knows every inch of this county , '' logan said , coming back to them . 
 flames crackled behind them . 
 `` he 's gon na have the advantage on us . '' 
 the guy could just disappear . 
 or just dump veronica 's body someplace and then vanish . 
 jasper turned away , began walking at first , then flat-out running toward the car . 
 `` jasper ! '' 
 logan called out . 
 jasper did n't stop . 
 he jumped in the vehicle . 
 sydney had another car . 
 he was n't abandoning the other agents . 
 he just was n't waiting . 
 veronica needs me . 
 jasper jerked the keys in the ignition , and the engine snarled to life . 
 logan 's hand slammed against the driver 's - side door . 
 `` you do n't even know where to look , '' logan snapped . 
 `` let us get some intel together and - '' `` you get your intel . 
 get sydney to run all those phone searches and gps hunts like she does . '' 
 his fingers clenched around the wheel . 
 `` i 'll go back to town and tear every building down if i have to . 
 i wo n't let her - '' his phone rang . 
 he grabbed it instantly . 
 `` veronica ! '' 
 a faint laugh rolled into his ear . 
 `` no , but she 's close , '' jasper was told . 
 then he heard veronica scream . 
 he almost crushed the phone in his hands . 
 `` want to see her , ranger ? 
 then you ditch those other eod jerks , '' wyatt told him , voice grating . 
 `` you lose every single one of them , and you get yourself out to the old ranch at the end of derby road . '' 
 derby road ? 
 he had no idea where that road was , but he 'd load the name into the gps and find that ranch . 
 `` you 've got twenty minutes to get there , or i 'll put a bullet into veronica . '' 
 jaw clenching , jasper looked back up at logan . 
 logan was his friend , his team leader . 
 he knew the way situations like this were supposed to go down . 
 except this was n't just a case . 
 not a normal mission . 
 it was veronica . 
 `` i love her , '' he said , the only thing that he could say . 
 logan would know who 'd just made that call . 
 logan 's gaze told him that he understood , but logan shook his head . 
 `` give us the location . 
 you need some backup . 
 we can help ! '' 
 jasper shook his head . 
 `` get away from the car . '' 
 logan 's jaw clenched . 
 but he jumped back . 
 jasper raced away from that burning ranch house . 
 he could n't think of anything , anyone else just now ... only veronica . 
 * * * `` he 's going after her ? '' 
 sydney asked softly as she watched the car rush down the narrow highway . 
 the flames burned behind them , the heat seeming to scorch her flesh . 
 `` wyatt called him . 
 i 'm betting the sob told him that if he brought backup , the girl would die . '' 
 was n't that always the way it was . 
 sydney pulled out her phone . 
 scrolled through the carefully designed apps she had in her system-applications that she 'd designed herself . 
 `` how long of a head start do you think jasper wants ? '' 
 because jasper would know that the eod would be able to follow him . 
 as long as his phone was still on , they could track him . 
 maybe jasper was worried that wyatt had a partner-that missing deputy-who might be watching them right now . 
 so he wanted to make it look as if he were going in alone . 
 or maybe he just was thinking with his heart and not his head . 
 either way , the eod never left a teammate on his own . 
 never . 
 `` ten minutes , '' logan said with a nod . 
 his gaze was still on jasper 's fleeing vehicle . 
 `` that 'll give him time to get to his destination , go in and take out the sheriff . '' 
 ten minutes . 
 plenty of time for an eod agent to complete a mission . 
 only ... it was also plenty of time for a man to die . 
 `` the sheriff got the drop on three other agents , '' she reminded logan , trying to keep her voice calm . 
 `` he 's not your average killer . '' 
 that fact should have turned up in her search . 
 where had the guy gotten all of his training ? 
 `` make it five minutes , '' logan said , and she could see the tension that had tightened his face . 
 `` make sure gunner 's on the move with the same intel , too . 
 we want to give jasper as much cover as we can . '' 
 in the distance , she could finally hear the scream of a fire truck 's siren . 
 volunteers , had to be for a town this size , but with one phone call , logan had gotten them mobilized . 
 the eod had some pretty powerful strings . 
 would the eod be strong enough to save one of its own ? 
 `` five minutes , '' she repeated , and punched in the button for gunner . 
 they would save jasper and veronica . 
 they had n't lost one of the shadow agents yet , and they were n't about to start now . 
 * * * the old ranch on derby road was just as veronica remembered it . 
 sagging roof , busted windows , a wooden gate that was barely standing . 
 the place had been in disrepair for over ten years . 
 since before jimmy 's mother had left the kid alone there . 
 the patrol car braked to a stop . 
 veronica had been yelling when wyatt was on the phone . 
 she 'd tried to tell jasper to stay away . 
 because it 's a trap . 
 as soon as wyatt saw him , she knew the sheriff would take aim at jasper , just as the man had taken aim at her brother . 
 her fingers curled over the wire caging that separated her from the front seat . 
 `` is jimmy dead ? '' 
 wyatt jumped , then whirled toward her . 
 `` why would you think that ? '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i 've always taken care of jimmy . '' 
 the way you 've taken care of me ? 
 `` where is he ? '' 
 wyatt 's breath eased out on a low sigh . 
 `` do n't worry , you 'll be seeing jimmy soon enough . '' 
 the words sounded like a threat . 
 probably because they were . 
 `` you shot my brother . '' 
 wyatt 's eyes bored into hers . 
 `` your brother 's a killer , veronica . 
 cold-blooded . 
 soulless . '' 
 no , wyatt was the cold-blooded one . 
 `` i-i heard what you said to jasper - '' `` do n't worry , i 'm not killing you ... yet . '' 
 but he would . 
 as soon as he was finished using her as bait . 
 she licked lips that had gone desert dry . 
 veronica knew she had to get away from him . 
 had to stop him , before he hurt someone else that she cared about . 
 or before he just killed her . 
 but then wyatt was climbing out of the driver 's seat , coming back toward her and opening her door . 
 `` if you fight me , i 'll shoot you . 
 jasper wo n't be able to tell if you 're alive or dead from a distance . '' 
 she could n't even speak in response to the brutal words . 
 this was the real wyatt ? 
 he 'd had weekly dinners at the ranch . 
 spent christmas with her and cale . 
 now he 's going to kill me . 
 `` do n't fight , veronica , '' he warned her as he reached inside the car and locked his hands around her wrists . 
 she did n't fight him . 
 but she started to plan . 
 then she was in front of him . 
 she tipped back her head to stare up at his face . 
 a monster should n't have such a normal face . 
 you should be able to see the evil . 
 it should n't have hid so easily behind kind eyes . 
 `` i always liked you , veronica . '' 
 wyatt 's words were soft , tinged with a hint of regret . 
 `` cale should have made certain you stayed out of this mess . '' 
 `` c-cale did n't bring me into it . 
 i went looking for him . '' 
 `` because you 're loyal . '' 
 he was too close . 
 she wanted to swing at him , but she had a really crummy punch . 
 cale had said that was her weakness , but ... `` everybody has a strength . 
 everybody has a weakness . 
 your strength , ronnie , is that you look weak . 
 use that . 
 never let 'em see your real strength , not until it 's time to attack . '' 
 `` i admire loyalty . '' 
 he stepped away from her . 
 a faint breeze stirred the hair at her nape . 
 `` do you think you ever could 've been loyal to me ? '' 
 she did n't know what to say . 
 the man was crazy , and at any moment , she expected him to snap and just shoot her . 
 her gaze darted to the left and tension had her body stiffening . 
 the long , black car . 
 the one that had run her off the road . 
 `` jimmy 's car . '' 
 now wyatt sounded sad . 
 `` you and jasper got the description right . '' 
 `` you were driving . 
 not jimmy . '' 
 `` you had the flash drive . '' 
 just that fast , anger whipped in his words . 
 `` the files should have been gone , but you had them . '' 
 she would n't let him see her fear . 
 `` i gave the flash drive to sydney . 
 she has the evidence that can clear my brother . '' 
 he growled . 
 `` it was n't just the damn drive . 
 it was all those pictures you kept talking about . 
 pictures from cale 's time in the military . '' 
 her breath caught . 
 the pictures had linked cale to reed , but they had n't been much help for anything else . 
 `` was i in those pictures , veronica ? '' 
 wyatt asked her softly . 
 she 'd known that wyatt had served in the army , but veronica shook her head . 
 `` you would n't be lying now , would you ? 
 because those pictures ... i wo n't let them ruin things for me . 
 cale served with me when we had demolitions training . '' 
 demolitions ... the bomb at the sheriff 's station ... `` reed was with us then . 
 that 's how i knew he was in the business . 
 with all those agents still circling town , i ca n't have those pictures turning up . '' 
 `` y-you were n't in the pictures , '' she whispered , and it was the truth . 
 he was n't . 
 he exhaled slowly . 
 `` well , then , i guess i just blew your house to hell for no reason . 
 but , hey ... '' now he flashed her a smile that held the edge of insanity . 
 `` better safe than sorry , right ? '' 
 how had he hid his darkness ? 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` for money , of course . 
 is n't that why people do most of the things in this world ? '' 
 he rolled his shoulders . 
 `` but when the smoke clears , it wo n't be me who gets blamed for the crimes . '' 
 his smile had dimmed . 
 `` folks will say jimmy blew up your house . 
 just like he destroyed my station . 
 then , torn up by what he 'd done , jimmy came back here and shot himself . '' 
 her knees buckled . 
 wyatt grabbed her , held her steady . 
 her lashes had lowered . 
 she put her hands on his stomach , acting as if she needed balance . 
 do n't show him your strength . 
 `` you said you took care of him . '' 
 `` and i did . '' 
 a pause . 
 `` pity that kid never appreciated the lessons i taught him . '' 
 she shoved against his chest , and because he had n't been expecting the move , it was easy for her to grab the gun he 'd had holstered at his waist . 
 her hand snapped up , fingers locked around the weapon . 
 `` get away from me ! '' 
 wyatt blinked at her in surprise , and then his gaze dipped down to the gun that was inches away from him . 
 `` you should n't have done that . '' 
 `` and you should n't have been a cold-blooded killer , so i guess we 've both screwed up , huh ? '' 
 wyatt flashed his smile once more . 
 the sight chilled her . 
 `` veronica , you 've got more steel in your spine than i thought . '' 
 she 'd show him steel , or rather , lead , when she shot a bullet into his chest . 
 `` why do you want jasper out here ? 
 is he next on your hit list ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 `` another eod agent that you 've been paid to take out , one that you were supposed to link back to cale ? '' 
 `` give me the gun , veronica . '' 
 she could n't back up because the patrol car was behind her . 
 she could n't move forward because wyatt was blocking her path . 
 `` get back ! '' 
 she yelled . 
 he did n't get back . 
 `` you wo n't shoot me . '' 
 so confident . 
 `` yes . 
 i will . '' 
 she was just as confident . 
 `` you were the one on the side of that road , shooting at me . 
 not jimmy . 
 you . '' 
 he still had that slight smile on his lips . 
 `` how are you gon na prove that ? '' 
 `` when jasper gets h-here , he 'll take you into custody . 
 we 'll find jimmy . 
 we 'll get proof that you were behind everything and not - '' `` your jasper 's gon na die today . 
 cale 's gon na die . 
 they 'll both go out in a gun battle as they try to save you . '' 
 he gave a slow shake of his head . 
 `` but they are n't gon na save you , either . '' 
 her heartbeat thundered in her ears . 
 `` i can save myself . '' 
 `` no , you ca n't . '' 
 then he lunged for her . 
 she shot him . 
 did n't so much as hesitate . 
 the gun blasted and her ears rang and the bullet slammed into his stomach . 
 his eyes widened in surprise as he looked down at the blossoming red on his shirt . 
 wyatt stumbled back , and she took that opportunity to slam her shoulder into him and knock him to the ground . 
 then she ran as fast as she could-not toward the old highway , but toward that long , black car that sat near the side of the crumbling house . 
 jimmy 's car . 
 because she could just see the top of jimmy 's head in the car . 
 she yanked open the passenger door . 
 `` jimmy ! '' 
 he was inside , his hands and feet tied . 
 and his chest was bleeding . 
 so much blood . 
 she reached for him , yanking the ropes free that bound his wrists . 
 he 'd taken a shot straight to the chest . 
 `` ms. ver ... on ... '' he tried to speak , but the words just came out as a rasp . 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i 'm going to help you , jimmy . '' 
 he 'd escaped this hellhole of a ranch once . 
 she was n't letting him die there . 
 she tried to slide him over to the passenger side . 
 wyatt had left the kid behind the steering wheel . 
 she 'd move him over and drive them both out of there . 
 she rushed around to the driver 's side and - `` veronica ! '' 
 her head jerked to the left at that bellow . 
 wyatt was on his feet . 
 he had reached into his patrol car . 
 pulled out - oh , no , that was a shotgun in his hands . 
 he 'd gotten a shotgun , and he was pointing it at her . 
 she jumped into jimmy 's car . 
 the back window shattered behind her . 
 ducking , she searched under the seat for the keys . 
 nothing . 
 not there . 
 not ... `` i 've got the keys , veronica ! '' 
 wyatt called out . 
 `` why do n't you come and get them ? '' 
 she was n't coming for them ... because she did n't need them . 
 she grabbed the wires underneath the dash . 
 yanked down hard . 
 twisted them . 
 jerked the ends together and ... the motor sparked to life . 
 during all of cale 's car talks with her , he 'd made sure to teach her a few tricks over the years . 
 `` hold on , '' veronica whispered to jimmy . 
 then she slammed the vehicle into reverse . 
 she glanced up , just in time to see wyatt standing behind the car . 
 aiming his shotgun at her . 
 she slammed her foot down harder on the accelerator . 
 the back bumper rammed into wyatt even as he fired the gun . 
 the blast had her jumping and yanking the wheel to the right . 
 the car swerved , but beneath her sweat-slick hands , she managed to keep the vehicle steady . 
 she glanced around wildly . 
 wyatt had disappeared or maybe-maybe she 'd just taken him out and he was on the ground . 
 either way , she was n't about to get out of the car and check . 
 she was just getting her and jimmy the hell out of there . 
 she shifted , preparing to head straight out on that bumpy drive , when a shotgun was shoved into the open driver 's - side window . 
 the shotgun pressed right against her head . 
 `` get out or die right there , '' wyatt snarled . 
 she froze . 
 `` get . 
 out . '' 
 slowly , carefully , she eased from the car . 
 jimmy whimpered beside her . 
 `` no ... ms. ver ... on ... '' the right side of wyatt 's face was covered in blood . 
 his stomach was soaked red . 
 but the guy was standing strong . 
 the second she cleared the car , he jerked her against him . 
 `` guess what ? '' 
 he whispered as he put the barrel of that shotgun under her chin . 
 she did n't want to guess anything . 
 she wanted to see cale once more . 
 she wanted to see jasper . 
 jasper . 
 she wanted him so much . 
 `` it 's empty . '' 
 it took a moment for the words to register . 
 then she heard wyatt 's smug laugh . 
 `` you could 've gotten away . '' 
 she was n't looking at him . 
 barely felt the shotgun as it was yanked away and dropped in the dirt . 
 her gaze was on the driveway before her . 
 a blue car was fishtailing as it swerved down that jagged road . 
 and to the right , a motorcycle was coming right out of the overgrown brush . 
 wyatt bent and pulled a small pistol from the holster on his ankle . 
 `` this is the moment , '' he said in her ear , `` the life-or-death moment that everyone talks about but so damn few get to experience . 
 i 'll give this moment to you . '' 
 jasper had just jumped out of the blue car . 
 he was closing in on her . 
 he had a gun gripped in his hands . 
 `` let her go ! '' 
 cale was shoving away from the motorcycle . 
 he was armed , too , with a small gun that he had pointed right at wyatt . 
 `` there 's no way out for you , wyatt ! 
 get away from my sister ! '' 
 `` neither one of them will shoot , '' wyatt whispered in her ear . 
 `` because they 're scared they 'll hit you . '' 
 he 'd positioned the gun under her chin , holding it in exactly the same spot he 'd put the shotgun . 
 only this time , she was betting this gun was loaded and ready to kill . 
 `` or maybe they 're just afraid i 'll pull the trigger . '' 
 her head was tilted back against him as she tried to get away from that weapon . 
 but there was no place to go . 
 she could n't get free . 
 the two men she loved most were closing in . 
 just about ten feet away from her now . 
 why was wyatt letting them come so close ? 
 because he 's going to kill them both . 
 her breath stilled . 
 that was wyatt 's plan . 
 he was using her to lure jasper and cale closer . 
 and when they were close enough , he 'd shoot one man , and the other still would n't fire back because he 'd be afraid of shooting her . 
 neither one of them will shoot . 
 wyatt had that part right . 
 but he was still wrong about one thing . 
 `` i can save myself , '' she whispered again . 
 but it was n't just about surviving this mess . 
 she was ready to risk her life for the men that she loved . 
 you do n't risk your life for nothing . 
 cale 's number three rule . 
 but this risk was n't for nothing . 
 it was for everything . 
 for their lives . 
 she looked into cale 's eyes . 
 her brother was only about seven feet away now . 
 she 'd never seen such fear in his eyes . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , ronnie , '' cale told her . 
 `` you 'll make it out of this . '' 
 would he ? 
 her gaze darted to jasper . 
 no fear there . 
 just desperate determination . 
 an intensity that would have scared her if she did n't know him so well . 
 he was looking at wyatt , and promising death . 
 `` get your hands off her ! '' 
 jasper snarled . 
 `` you messed this up for me , '' wyatt yelled right back at him . 
 `` you were n't supposed to be eod . 
 you were just supposed to be a mercenary . 
 expendable ... dead . '' 
 and she knew that wyatt was going to shoot at jasper first . 
 because wyatt would rely on cale 's bond with veronica . 
 a brother would n't shoot at his sister , right ? 
 jasper was the variable threat that wyatt would want to eliminate first . 
 i wo n't let you kill him . 
 she 'd just found jasper . 
 he was n't dying . 
 `` he 's not ... expendable , '' she said , her voice flat and cold . 
 `` you are . '' 
 then she drove her elbow into his ribs as hard as she could . 
 he jerked behind her , startled , and the gun slipped away from her chin , moving about two inches . 
 that two inches was all that she needed . 
 she leaped toward jasper even as she screamed , `` shoot him , cale ! '' 
 jasper 's arms were reaching for her . 
 she tried to push him back because she was afraid wyatt would take the shot . 
 but jasper was too strong . 
 always so strong . 
 he twisted , protecting her , using his body as a shield . 
 gunfire exploded behind her . 
 once . 
 twice . 
 then she felt the hard jerk that knocked jasper-as a bullet hit him ? 
 `` jasper ! '' 
 they were both on the ground . 
 jasper was on top of her , covering her with his body . 
 but no , she 'd wanted to protect him . 
 `` jasper ? '' 
 she whispered . 
 his head lifted . 
 he stared down at her with so much emotion blazing in his eyes that she could n't speak again . 
 `` stay here , '' he whispered , and he rose . 
 he turned his back on her , and she saw the blood . 
 the bullet had hit him . 
 a bullet that she 'd tried so hard to stop . 
 she pushed to her knees . 
 cale was standing over wyatt 's prone body . 
 cale 's legs were braced apart and his gun was trained on the sheriff . 
 only wyatt was n't moving . 
 `` he 's dead ! '' 
 cale shouted . 
 `` take care of veronica ! '' 
 jasper turned toward her , but she was already wrapping her arms around him . 
 his body trembled against hers , and that tremble scared her more than anything else . 
 jasper was always strong . 
 always so in control . 
 always ... he kissed her . 
 hard , desperate . 
 his arms wrapped around her so tightly that her ribs hurt . 
 she did n't care . 
 she held him just as tightly , clinging to him as fiercely as she could . 
 it had been too close . 
 too close . 
 in those terrible moments , she 'd realized ... i do n't want to be without him . 
 `` scared me , '' jasper rasped against her mouth . 
 she could feel his blood on her fingertips . 
 he was still scaring her . 
 `` jasper , you 're hurt . '' 
 serious understatement . 
 the bullet had n't come out ; she could see that much for herself . 
 it was still lodged in his back . 
 `` wo n't ever ... lose you ... '' `` no , '' she whispered at once . 
 `` you wo n't . 
 jasper - '' `` love you ... veronica lane ... '' she could n't breathe . 
 `` jasper , i love you , too ! '' 
 she stood on her toes to kiss him again and that was when they fell . 
 jasper 's body seemed to crumble against hers , and they hit the ground . 
 `` jasper ? '' 
 she tried to shake him , to get him back up , but his eyes were closed . 
 he was n't moving . 
 `` jasper ! '' 
 but he was n't answering . 
 she remembered the blood on his back . 
 the bullet . 
 and jasper 's skin seemed to be losing its warmth . 
 the warmth that had been there to banish the chill and the worry that had cloaked her for so long . 
 that warmth was fading now . 
 desperate , she looked up . 
 `` cale ! 
 cale , help me ! '' 
 her brother rushed to her side . 
 behind them , she heard the growl of more motors as other cars rushed to the scene . 
 she did n't look back at those cars . 
 did n't look at anyone or anything but cale and jasper . 
 cale 's face was grim as he looked down at her lover . 
 jasper was pale , too pale . 
 `` do n't leave me , '' veronica whispered to jasper , and she pressed a kiss to his lips . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 her fingers curled around his . 
 his lashes seemed to flutter . 
 no , maybe that was just the wind . 
 not him , not ... `` i. . . 
 wo n't ... '' jasper whispered . 
 her breath choked out . 
 jasper had just made her a promise . 
 she would n't let him break it . 
 sydney and logan ran to his side . 
 veronica kept her hold on jasper 's wrist , and even when the emt crew came , she did n't let go . 
 she would never let go of the man she loved . 
 death could just wait . 
 she was n't done with jasper adams yet . 
 not by a long shot . 
 chapter thirteen not many people bothered to come to the funeral . 
 seemed as if the folks in whiskey ridge were too betrayed and shocked by the actions of wyatt halliday to be able to forgive him , even in death . 
 but veronica was there . 
 standing silently beside the grave . 
 to her right , the young deputy was looking as if he 'd seen a few better days . 
 the poor kid probably had . 
 but at least jimmy jones was alive , thanks to veronica . 
 he could look forward to a whole lot of better days to come . 
 `` i 've seen the way you look at my sister , '' cale said , the words whisper soft . 
 jasper turned his head to meet cale 's hard stare . 
 the man had n't really changed that much in the past ten years . 
 a fierce fighter , a loving older brother and a man who would kill in order to protect the ones he cared for in this world . 
 the funeral service was over . 
 the few mourners were turning away . 
 jasper shifted his stance lightly . 
 that bullet of wyatt 's had come close to his spine . 
 a little too close for comfort . 
 he 'd taken six hits before and been able to keep walking . 
 but that one bullet had almost taken him out . 
 he 'd been in the hospital for two weeks . 
 wyatt 's service had been delayed while uncle sam finished the investigation on the eod murders . 
 the case was closed now , mostly , anyway . 
 `` i still think she 's too good for you , '' cale muttered . 
 he 'd only been in the hospital for a day ; the wound he 'd received had been easy to patch . 
 `` you 're never gon na think anyone is good enough for her , '' jasper said . 
 but cale 's words were true . 
 hell , jasper knew he was n't good enough . 
 veronica turned and smiled at him . 
 but i do n't care if i 'm not good enough . 
 she wanted him . 
 somehow , that woman actually wanted him . 
 `` what kind of life will you give her ? '' 
 cale pressed . 
 `` always running off on the next mission , leaving her behind . 
 that 's what i 've already done to her . 
 our parents left us . 
 then i left her , again and again , on the missions that called me . '' 
 his voice tightened . 
 `` missions that i could have turned away , but i did n't . '' 
 because the man was a soldier at heart . 
 the missions had called , and he had answered . 
 jasper had been like that once , too . 
 but things were different for him now . 
 in his missions , he 'd always been looking for something ... someone . 
 veronica was walking toward him . 
 i found her . 
 `` there wo n't be any more missions , '' jasper said as he glanced back at cale . 
 cale frowned . 
 `` what ? '' 
 instead of repeating himself , jasper said , `` i was wondering , are you interested in selling your part of the ranch ? '' 
 `` what ranch ? 
 i never fixed the place up and it 's blown to hell now . '' 
 maybe . 
 or maybe it was just ripe for starting over . 
 maybe this town was the place that he needed . 
 veronica was the woman he needed . 
 she was right in front of him now . 
 they had n't been able to talk alone yet . 
 too many doctors . 
 too many eod agents . 
 but he 'd have her all to himself . 
 soon . 
 `` i was told there 's a briefing today , '' she said , raising her brows . 
 `` do we go to headquarters ? '' 
 headquarters . 
 that run-down building that the eod had claimed . 
 the new sheriff would need a better central location . 
 the new sheriff in town would need a whole lot . 
 jasper nodded . 
 he noticed that jimmy was just a few steps behind veronica . 
 the kid had been shadowing her . 
 whenever he looked at cale or jasper , he turned ghost-white . 
 they 'd be getting rid of his fear at that briefing . 
 the eod would share its findings , and the case would be over . 
 jasper glanced over at the closed casket . 
 no more murders in whiskey ridge . 
 no more fear . 
 time to start fresh . 
 if veronica would have him . 
 * * * the ticking of the clock on the small desk was way too loud . 
 every tick had veronica tensing . 
 she knew this meeting was necessary , but the last time she 'd been in this building , well , she 'd been scared to death . 
 almost as scared as i am now . 
 jasper was out of the hospital . 
 finally . 
 the doctors had n't let her see him once he 'd been wheeled back to the o.r. . 
 she had n't been family , and there 'd been cops and agents all around him . 
 she 'd been pushed back . 
 veronica remembered pacing the floor of that narrow waiting room again and again . 
 then she 'd broken down and slipped back into the recovery room . 
 gotten some scrubs , acted as though she belonged and seen for herself that jasper was going to be all right . 
 she 'd even kissed him back there , until a stunned nurse had appeared , but that nurse had taken pity on veronica and let her stay a little longer . 
 i just want to be with him a little longer . 
 only her time was up now . 
 the eod agents had closed their case . 
 they 'd be leaving town , moving , as jasper had once told her , as soundlessly as shadows as they slipped from whiskey ridge . 
 from her life . 
 `` cale lane , '' logan said , drawing veronica 's attention as the agent looked at her brother , `` on behalf of the eod , we want you to know that you 've been cleared in this investigation . '' 
 the words were formal , real official sounding . 
 cale just raised a brow . 
 `` i kind of figured that , you know , when you did n't throw my butt in jail . '' 
 sydney 's lips twitched . 
 `` wyatt was pretending to be me , '' cale continued , voice harder now , `` and reed montgomery was the one giving him the cases . '' 
 logan nodded . 
 `` from the intel that sydney recovered-courtesy of your sister 's flash drive-reed let his contact in south america believe that you were actually taking the eod hits . 
 striker was assigned the jobs , but it was actually wyatt who tracked and eliminated the targets . '' 
 targets . 
 veronica swallowed . 
 that was such a cold , clinical way of referring to people . 
 `` i told wyatt that i was getting out of the business , that i was gon na stay at the ranch more with veronica . '' 
 cale glanced her way . 
 `` that must have been when he decided he could use my name . '' 
 `` he planned to make you disappear , '' jasper said . 
 she jerked at his voice , way too sensitive toward him . 
 `` you were supposed to be taken out on that case in the caribbean , but you went off the radar . '' 
 `` because i know a trap when i walk into one , '' cale muttered with a sad shake of his head . 
 `` but when you vanished - '' now sydney was talking . 
 gunner stood , still and silent , behind her . '' 
 - wyatt knew he 'd have to find you and kill you in order to tie up all the loose ends . 
 he left evidence at his kill scenes , evidence to tie you to the crimes . '' 
 `` the guy picked up a lot of crime-scene knowledge from his time in the dallas p.d. , '' logan said , tapping his fingers against a nearby file . 
 `` seems he was even dating an m.e. for a while . 
 i 'm guessing she shared some tools of the trade with him . '' 
 and wyatt had used that knowledge to plant evidence against her brother . 
 `` if the eod caught cale , wyatt was counting on the evidence he 'd left behind to send you to jail , '' sydney said . 
 her gaze was on cale . 
 `` and if that did n't work ... '' now sydney 's green stare drifted to veronica . 
 `` well , wyatt knew that there was one thing that would always bring you back to whiskey ridge . '' 
 veronica hated being bait . 
 `` wyatt just had to bide his time and watch veronica . '' 
 jasper 's jaw tightened as he gritted the words . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 why 'd he send those men after me at last chance ? '' 
 veronica asked . 
 `` if he was just biding his time ... '' `` because he knew you were n't going to stop looking for your brother , '' sydney said , her voice soft . 
 `` he wanted to move the game along . 
 if you vanished , wyatt must have thought that would sure grab cale 's attention . '' 
 `` it would 've grabbed it , all right , '' cale muttered , eyes glinting . 
 logan delivered the next bit of news , saying , `` then when wyatt found out that federal agents were in town , he started to cover his tracks . '' 
 but she 'd already figured that part out . 
 the explosion at the sheriff 's station ... the men who 'd been killed . 
 wyatt had done it all . 
 he had n't gone into the back in order to rescue jimmy . 
 he 'd been getting an extra weapon , planning his kills , triggering the explosion . 
 veronica glanced to the right . 
 jimmy stood , with his shoulders hunched and his chin down . 
 the star on his chest gleamed dully . 
 jimmy was n't speaking . 
 he looked so dazed that she was n't even sure he was hearing much of the conversation . 
 jimmy 's best friend had tried to kill him , had set him up for murder . 
 the guy just did n't seem to have anyone he could rely on . 
 veronica edged closer to jimmy . 
 when her fingers brushed against his arm , he flinched . 
 his head snapped up , and he stared straight at her . 
 `` i did n't run you off the road , ms. veronica . 
 that was n't me ! '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` i know , jimmy . '' 
 `` i realized it was wyatt . 
 he brought my car in ... had his gun ... i asked him ... asked if he 'd hurt anyone ... '' all eyes were on her and jimmy . 
 `` he said ... he said he 'd try again for you . 
 that i could ... could help him ... '' jimmy shook his head . 
 `` that 's not what i do . 
 i do n't hurt people , especially not good folks like you ... '' she blinked away the tears that wanted to fill her eyes . 
 jimmy had always been so good , to everyone . 
 `` i know you do n't do that , jimmy . '' 
 his lips trembled . 
 `` you ... you should n't have run to the car and tried to get me out . 
 you should have left me . '' 
 now veronica was the one to shake her head . 
 `` that 's not what i do , '' she said , giving him the same words back . 
 `` especially not to good folks like you . '' 
 some of the darkness seemed to leave jimmy 's eyes . 
 he offered her a faint smile . 
 we 're going to be okay , jimmy . 
 they 'd both made it through the nightmare . 
 they 'd survived . 
 she felt a light touch on her shoulder . 
 she turned and found jasper staring at her with his stark gaze . 
 `` you knew that wyatt was going to take a shot at either me or cale , did n't you ? '' 
 a frown pulled down her brows . 
 `` i knew he was going to shoot you both . 
 first you , then cale . '' 
 jasper searched her eyes . 
 `` how 'd you know who he 'd go for first ? 
 did he tell - '' `` he knew that cale loved me , so he trusted that my brother would never shoot , not when he thought i might be hurt . '' 
 she was her brother 's weakness . 
 one that wyatt had used . 
 `` and as for you ... '' `` he thought i did n't love you ? '' 
 jasper 's words were flat . 
 she was n't sure what to make of that sudden lack of emotion . 
 clearing her throat , veronica said , `` he was n't sure if you 'd hesitate as long . 
 i was n't sure so - '' his hands tightened on her . 
 `` let me make you sure . 
 i would never do anything to hurt you . 
 for the rest of my life , i swear , i 'll always protect you . '' 
 `` and i 'll always protect you , '' she told him quietly . 
 `` why do you think i ran toward you ? '' 
 to cover him , while her brother took the shot . 
 `` you ran to me . '' 
 he exhaled slowly . 
 `` because you love me . '' 
 `` hell , '' cale muttered . 
 `` this is it ... my sister 's about to - '' `` and you love me , '' veronica told him , lifting her chin and staring at him with all of the certainty she felt . 
 `` i did n't doubt that . 
 wyatt did . 
 his mistake . '' 
 a mistake that had cost the man his life . 
 jasper pulled her closer against him . 
 he acted as if no one else were in the room with them . 
 maybe to him , there was n't anyone . 
 she 'd never had a man focus so completely on her that way before . 
 as if she were every dream that he 'd ever had . 
 `` i love you more than life , '' jasper told her . 
 his voice was n't so flat anymore . 
 emotion rumbled in his words . 
 `` hell , you are my life , veronica . 
 i might have screwed things up at the beginning , but from here on out , i 'll be the man you need me to be . 
 a man you can want - '' she rose onto her toes and kissed him . 
 the silence around them was thick enough to slice . 
 `` you are the man i want . '' 
 she smiled at him . 
 `` he 's gon na be in the family , '' cale growled , sounding lost . 
 `` the eod agent who hunted me down is gon na be in my family . '' 
 `` yes , '' jasper said , and he smiled , too , a big , bright , happy smile that took veronica 's breath away . 
 `` i sure will be , brother . '' 
 but then jasper glanced over at cale . 
 `` only i wo n't be an eod agent for much longer . '' 
 what ? 
 jasper 's warm gaze turned back to her . 
 `` seems that whiskey ridge could use a sheriff , and i know someone who could pull enough strings to get me that job . '' 
 `` i 'm good with strings , '' logan added , offering a shrug . 
 veronica knew her eyes had widened in surprise . 
 `` y-you 're staying here ? '' 
 `` is this where you 'll be ? '' 
 a nod . 
 `` then this is the only place i want to be . 
 we 'll build our home together . 
 live together . 
 be happy here . '' 
 she wrapped her arms around his neck . 
 `` i 'm happy wherever you are . '' 
 `` ah , damn , '' from cale . 
 `` get a room before i poke my eyes out . '' 
 but she 'd heard the happiness in her brother 's voice . 
 cale just wanted her safe . 
 he wanted her to be loved . 
 and he knew that jasper loved her . 
 the danger was over . 
 time for the living and loving to begin . 
 she had everything that she wanted right there in front of her , and veronica was n't about to let him go . 
 they 'd survived a killer 's deadly game . 
 now it was time for the happy ending that they both deserved . 
 time for love and a new life . 
 jasper took her hand and led her outside , away from the others . 
 the rain had finally stopped . 
 the sun shone down on them , lighting the town . 
 jasper turned toward her . 
 `` i 'm sorry , veronica . '' 
 she stared back at him , her body held carefully still . 
 `` sorry ? '' 
 `` i wish i 'd never lied to you . 
 i wish i could go back and start things over . '' 
 `` i do n't want to go back . '' 
 she did n't want to hear apologies or regrets . 
 she much preferred it when he just talked about loving her . 
 she stepped toward him , put her hands on his chest . 
 `` i just want to go forward , with you . '' 
 `` it 's so fast . 
 what if you change your mind ? '' 
 he was afraid . 
 her big , tough ranger . 
 afraid he was n't worthy of love . 
 `` do you trust me , jasper ? '' 
 `` with my life . '' 
 the words had her heart beating faster . 
 `` then trust me when i say that my mind wo n't change . 
 i love you . 
 i 'll love you today . '' 
 she leaned up . 
 kissed his lips . 
 `` and i 'll love you for every tomorrow that comes . '' 
 his hands locked around her , so tight and strong . 
 `` i want you so much that the need i feel scares me . '' 
 `` i think that 's how love is supposed to be . '' 
 not perfect . 
 not gentle . 
 but wild and dark and consuming . 
 `` because that 's the way i feel for you . '' 
 not safe . 
 not easy . 
 so much ... so much it scared her , too . 
 then his lips were on hers . 
 he kissed her with a savage need . 
 a need she felt for him , too . 
 finally , finally they were safe . 
 cale was clear . 
 it was n't about a mission or evidence or the eod . 
 it was just about them . 
 about the new life that they were going to start , together . 
 scary , consuming ... not perfect , but just what they both craved . 
 epilogue cale watched the sun as it slowly dipped below the horizon . 
 it was so red , like blood in the sky . 
 seemed as if he spent most of his days covered in blood . 
 killing . 
 fighting . 
 `` why 'd you save all those people ? '' 
 the quiet question came from behind him . 
 he tensed because he had n't heard any footsteps approaching . 
 cale looked over his shoulder . 
 sydney sloan stood just a few feet away . 
 she 'd come out of the temporary headquarters without making so much as a sound . 
 she stood with her hands on her slender hips , surveying him with a hooded gaze . 
 he forced a shrug . 
 `` someone needed to save 'em . 
 why not me ? '' 
 she gave a little laugh . 
 he watched her with care . 
 sydney sloan was a beautiful woman , no doubt , but as an eod agent , he knew the woman was also deadly . 
 a man needed to be extra cautious around a woman like her . 
 he looked over her shoulder , did n't see her usual big , fierce eod shadow , so he had to ask , `` where 's gunner ? '' 
 because from what he 'd observed , he always seemed to be just a few steps away from sydney . 
 she frowned at his question . 
 then she shrugged , but he did n't find the move to be as careless as she 'd probably planned . 
 `` it would seem that most of your psych report was bull . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` most . '' 
 his `` aggressive tendencies '' - yeah , that part had been true . 
 he could get more than a little aggressive when the right circumstances occurred . 
 like when someone was targeting his sister for death . 
 `` the work you were doing on your own ... it 's not so different from what we do , '' sydney said as she edged closer to him . 
 `` rescuing people is part of our job . '' 
 `` and hunting killers ? '' 
 `` we do the work that no one else can . '' 
 a deliberate pause . 
 `` you can believe that when someone targets eod agents , all of us fight back . '' 
 yeah , well , that was the reason he 'd become number one on their hit list . 
 `` since jasper 's leaving , we 'll have an opening on our team , '' she murmured . 
 her head cocked to the right as she studied him with that too-knowing gaze of hers . 
 he lifted a brow . 
 `` you 're seriously offering me a job ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 the abrupt denial startled him . 
 `` logan 's the one doing the offering . 
 i 'm just the messenger . '' 
 her smile widened , flashing a dimple in her cheek . 
 `` i guess he thought i might come across as friendlier . 
 especially when you consider that the other option was gunner . '' 
 gunner ... the guy who looked as if he ate nails . 
 the guy who watched sydney with a fierce , protective stare . 
 `` you are the better option , '' cale agreed . 
 `` so , are you interested ? '' 
 his gaze drifted away from her . 
 he 'd bought the place in whiskey ridge to try to give veronica the stability that he knew she wanted . 
 but she did n't need him or the land any longer , not really . 
 cale had known the first time he saw jasper look at veronica that things had changed . 
 during the time that he had served with jasper in the military , the guy had never gazed at a woman with such desperate intensity . 
 as if his whole world were in her hands . 
 but that was exactly the way he looked at veronica . 
 no , actually , jasper looked at veronica as if she were his entire world . 
 things were changing now , and maybe it was time he changed some , too . 
 working on his own-well , that had gotten him a close call with death . 
 but with a team to back him up , with people he could count on ... cale nodded . 
 `` i think i might be interested . '' 
 sydney offered him her small palm . 
 his fingers closed around hers . 
 he shook her hand once . 
 `` welcome to the team , '' she said . 
 `` sydney . '' 
 and there was another teammate . 
 gunner had just stepped outside , and he sure was glaring at cale . 
 or rather , glaring at cale 's hand . 
 the hand that was still holding sydney 's . 
 `` great news , gunner , '' sydney said as she pulled her hand free and looked back over her shoulder at the other man . 
 `` cale 's joining the team . '' 
 `` great , '' gunner agreed , but he sounded anything but pleased . 
 then cale met the other man 's stare . 
 saw the very clear do n't touch glare and got the picture . 
 he could join the team , but he needed to stay away from sydney sloan . 
 message received . 
 then logan was there , closing out the team . 
 his gaze swept over them . 
 `` we have n't tracked down the man who put out the hits on the eod agents yet . '' 
 with both wyatt and reed montgomery dead , that tracking sure would be harder . 
 `` but we 'll find him . 
 the eod does n't stop . '' 
 `` and we do n't give up , '' sydney said . 
 gunner 's gaze was on her . 
 `` no , '' he agreed , `` we do n't . '' 
 cale could n't wait for their next mission . 
 he was ready to get back in action . 
 he glanced back up at the sky . 
 the streaks of blood-red were all but gone . 
 maybe ... just maybe ... he 'd be able to wipe off the blood from his own hands . 
 one day . 
 his sister had gotten her happy ending . 
 one day ... perhaps he 'd get what he wanted , too . 
