 chapter one sigh . 
 a padlock ? 
 who padlocked their gates in this neighborhood ? 
 this was brinkerhoff point-one of the nicest areas in the entire state of washington ! 
 `` bobby pin , '' i whispered , exhausted from climbing the hill with a backpack full of gear . 
 i 'd had to park nearly three blocks away . 
 `` oops , '' kira said , biting her well-glossed lip . 
 `` i wore my hair down tonight . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes at her as she fluffed her blond curls . 
 `` sorry , tess . 
 i wanted to look good in case we bumped into darren . '' 
 `` at two in the morning ? '' 
 she shrugged , scrunching her nose . 
 kira was sweet , even when she forgot the necessary break-in equipment . 
 i slid the heavy backpack off my shoulders , dropped it onto the grass , and squatted . 
 the well-manicured side yard provided perfect cover-high bushes , dark corners , and no motion detectors . 
 score . 
 as i unzipped the front pocket , i glanced at the full moon , noting that it lit up the entire sky . 
 it was time to kick this mission into high gear . 
 getting caught breaking into michael garnett 's house would be a horrible inconvenience . 
 if we were in a holding cell , we 'd totally miss cheerleading practice ! 
 `` holy cannoli , k ! 
 what did you pack ? '' 
 there was so much stuff in the bag that the pen i was searching for was lost in a sea of night vision cameras , flashlights , gps trackers , and ... panties ? 
 `` ew ! '' 
 i yanked out my hand . 
 she giggled . 
 `` there they are ! '' 
 `` kira , a smitten kitten does n't carry her panties around in a backpack . 
 she wears them under her clothes . '' 
 there was a rustling in the backyard on the other side of the fence , and my breath stopped . 
 mashed potatoes and gravy ! 
 was someone awake ? 
 `` move , '' i whispered , putting my arm out to back us slowly away across the grass . 
 seconds passed , and the noise settled into the chirping of crickets . 
 i tried to breathe , my chest heaving under my one-piece black kitten suit . 
 it was n't as tight as kira 's ensemble , but it was still snug and totally flattering . 
 especially since i 'd been working out more-lycra was n't very forgiving . 
 suddenly , a gray cat jumped up and balanced on the top of the wooden gate , looking us over . 
 it meowed once and then strolled across the length of the fence before jumping into the neighbor 's yard . 
 i exhaled . 
 `` aw ... '' kira said , quietly clapping . 
 `` i love kitties . '' 
 i shook my head and got down on my knees in the damp grass to go through the items kira had prepped for this mission . 
 obviously , she 'd missed the memo that required all assignments to be stocked with a lock pick -lrb- or bobby pin -rrb- . 
 oh , well , at least she had panties this time . 
 when i finally found the pen , i plucked off the cap and walked up to the padlock , twisting the plastic carefully inside it . 
 click . 
 `` get the bag , '' i whispered . 
 `` i 'll need the webcam . '' 
 michael garnett had been accused of cheating on his girlfriend , caitlyn , with someone he 'd met on myspace . 
 unfortunately , he was constantly changing his password , so that every time i cracked his code , he 'd made a new one . 
 if i did n't know any better , i 'd say he was on to sos . 
 but i did know better . 
 nobody outwitted the society of smitten kittens . 
 we were seriously stealth . 
 i pushed open the heavy wood gate , and kira followed me as we made our way to the back of his enormous brick house . 
 michael 's bedroom was on the first floor , and that was a good thing . 
 i was not in the mood to scale a wall tonight . 
 we paused in front of his window and ducked down , peeking between the slots of his blinds . 
 only guys forgot to close their blinds . 
 the room was dark , but his computer 's screen saver tossed out enough light so that i could see michael 's husky figure , turned away from me in the bed . 
 thankfully , leona had come by earlier in the week and mapped the place out . 
 michael 's computer was right next to the window , which made this assignment possible . 
 otherwise , i would have never taken the chance on breaking in . 
 or at least , breaking in while he was home . 
 quietly and carefully , i slid open the pane and raised the blinds . 
 perfect . 
 not a sound . 
 i looked back at kira , and she gave a dimpled smile and a big thumbs-up . 
 i appreciated her support . 
 i leaned in the window , putting my weight on my stomach as i pulled myself through . 
 silently , i eased my sneakers onto the carpet and let my eyes adjust to the darkness . 
 michael was a safe distance away , snoring softly . 
 ick . 
 his room smelled like sweaty socks and axe body spray . 
 i twitched my nose . 
 stretching my arm back through the window , i held out my hand for the webcam . 
 it was an exact replica of the one balanced on michael 's computer , totally on sale at xxx-com ! 
 leona had ordered new equipment that could send a direct feed to the sos database . 
 she was great at more than high kicks and herkies . 
 she was a computer whiz . 
 carefully , i removed the wires and clipped the new cam on the computer frame . 
 then i leaned forward over michael 's desk and looked into the lens , waiting . 
 `` got the signal , '' kira whispered from outside . 
 i smiled and winked at the camera . 
 as i straightened up , i noticed michael 's cell phone plugged in and resting on the side table next to a box of tissues . 
 hm . 
 cautiously , i made my way toward it . 
 just then , michael moaned , and the bedsprings creaked as he turned over . 
 i dropped to my stomach on the carpeted floor . 
 i was about to get busted ! 
 if my boyfriend found out i was sneaking around in another guy 's room , he would kill me ! 
 a few feet away , i heard squeaks and the sound of sheets rustling . 
 was he getting up ? 
 instinctively , i tucked my arms at my sides and rolled under his bed , only a second before i saw his bare feet hit the ground . 
 i swallowed hard , trying to keep my breathing quiet as i watched him walk forward , scratching at his flannelpajamaed rear . 
 gross . 
 it felt like a bazillion seconds , but finally , he opened his bedroom door and walked out into a brightly lit hallway . 
 i needed to escape . 
 quickly , i scrambled out from under the bed and pushed aside michael 's leather desk chair as i made for the window . 
 i paused , mid-getaway , and turned back . 
 i wanted that sim card from his phone . 
 i moved fast . 
 my polished fingers shook as i quickly slid off the metal back cover and removed the battery . 
 from outside the room , i heard a toilet flush . 
 cranberry juice cocktail ! 
 i had to go . 
 i plucked out the card and snapped the battery case shut . 
 there was the soft creak of a door hinge , and i dropped the phone and dashed to the window . 
 i dove and had barely gotten my sneakered heel through when the bedroom door opened . 
 i front-flipped and fell into the grass , lycra-covered rear first , and stared up into kira 's terrified expression . 
 i put my finger to my lips and motioned for her to get to the gate . 
 still lying on my back , i opened my palm . 
 sim card . 
 strawberry smoothie . 
 kira had calmed down by the time we reached my car . 
 she was n't very good at handling stress sometimes . 
 she suffered from post-traumatic sos disorder . 
 in fact , after our last mission at the regal cinemas , kira had a panic attack and nearly choked on a twizzler . 
 `` oh , '' she said as she buckled her seat belt . 
 `` at practice leona wants to talk about a name change . 
 everyone is still calling us the sex kittens , and she thinks it 's demeaning . '' 
 kira breathed on the passenger window and then traced kd into it . 
 i sighed . 
 we 'd had this conversation before . 
 `` i understand , but just because we 've agreed to stop using the name does n't mean the rival schools will . 
 we cheer for the wildcats , k . 
 it makes sense that with our good looks , they 'd come up with sex kittens . 
 i give them credit for being clever . '' 
 truth was , i did think the name was offensive , which was why i took it upon myself to call us the smitten kittens whenever possible . 
 it had a much better connotation . 
 and besides , it rhymed ! 
 still , most of the boys at school called us the sex kittens , including my boyfriend . 
 technically , our name was the society of smitten kittens -lrb- sos -rrb- , only ... without the k. acronyms were ridiculously hard ! 
 plus sos sounded way more official than sosk . 
 `` you 're right , '' kira said , adjusting the aim on the heater vents . 
 `` and honestly , i do n't mind being a sex kitten . 
 it 's way better than being a cougar , right ? '' 
 we both laughed . 
 the rival squad at templeton high was totally lame . 
 even though we occasionally helped out the girls at other schools , we tried not to go too far out of our district . 
 it was harder to get accurate information , and it made carpooling difficult . 
 but we prided ourselves on being an equal opportunity operation . 
 when my car heated up , i shifted into gear and began driving toward kira 's apartment complex . 
 she lived in the marshall district-an older section of town on the other side of the freeway . 
 it was mostly duplexes and mom-and-pop shops , but it was closer to the mall , which kira was stoked about . 
 especially since she did n't have a car . 
 `` just remember , '' i said as i stopped at a red light . 
 `` if we act like the name bothers us , they 'll only use it more . 
 what 's the smitten kitten motto ? '' 
 `` never let them see you sweat , '' she announced , looking proud to have remembered this time . 
 `` exactly . 
 because kittens . 
 do n't . 
 sweat . '' 
 i bit on my lip as the light changed to green . 
 i wanted to believe those words , but sometimes in this business , perspiration was unavoidable . 
 i 'd known back when we 'd first started that sos would be a hard gig . 
 harder than a double-flip basket catch . 
 it was two years ago when our cheerleading captain , mary rudick , had been cheated on . 
 her boyfriend , kyle , had been the wildcats ' power forward and an all-around nice guy , or so we 'd thought . 
 turns out he 'd been running a screen . 
 at a playoff game , a girl showed up-obviously from a rival school because she seriously lacked school spirit-and stomped down the bleachers in heels during halftime . 
 we were all waiting on the sidelines for our signal to go out and cheer when the girl came over , not even dressed in our colors . 
 she asked mary if she was still dating kyle , and mary , always polite , said that she was indeed his girlfriend . 
 but instead of congratulating her , the girl laughed right in mary 's face ! 
 she said that for the past year , kyle had been seeing her and that mary needed to back off . 
 turns out , kyle had been sleeping with both of them ! 
 as the girl spoke , mary had just stood there , completely silent . 
 i felt like i had to do something to stop the self-esteem assault , so with emergency captain authority , i 'd told the girl to leave . 
 very sternly . 
 she gave a little smirk before shoulder bumping me and exiting the gymnasium . 
 the buzzer had sounded , signaling time for our halftime cheer , but mary did n't move . 
 her pom-poms dropped to the wood floor with a double thwack . 
 my heart broke . 
 and then my adrenaline kicked in . 
 i marched out onto center court , soon followed by the others . 
 i cheered my stuffing out . 
 the power was amazing as the crowd reacted to my every word . 
 i remember watching the sidelines as mary stumbled back a few steps and sat in a folding chair , staring straight ahead , her dark eyes glassy with tears . 
 i cheered louder . 
 by the end of the game , i had nearly lost my voice , and mary was n't speaking . 
 she left before kyle could find her , but i saw that he knew . 
 he offered me his signature crooked smile , but i just turned and stormed out . 
 the next day , mary pulled all the squad into a meeting and discussed starting a club-one that caught cheaters . 
 after careful observation , we noticed that our school had an abnormally high cheater-to-girlfriend ratio . 
 i theorized that maybe it had something to do with the rainy weather . 
 so with the help of the internet , some spy books , and a few james bond flicks , we set out on our first mission . 
 it took us a while to get the right balance between investigating and cheering , but after a few false starts , we got it to stick . 
 mary drafted the official handbook , and ever since then , all smitten kittens doubled as official cheater catchers . 
 after she graduated , mary deemed that i had more spirit than anyone she 'd ever encountered , so she turned sos over to me . 
 i took my role as leader very seriously . 
 i 'd never let another girl suffer because of her boyfriend 's extracurricular activities . 
 there 'd never be another mary rudick . 
 i smiled to myself . 
 luckily , i did n't have to worry about aiden cheating . 
 he was my perfect guy , practically a life-size boyfriend trophy . 
 oh , so cute and - `` hey , '' kira said , pointing out the windshield . 
 `` you just passed my place . '' 
 `` oops . '' 
 i shook my ponytailed head as i slowed my car and pulled to the curb a few buildings down . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i was just thinking about something . '' 
 `` or someone . '' 
 kira made kissing noises and rubbed at her shoulders in a fake make out . 
 i laughed but then caught sight of the dashboard clock and groaned . 
 even though it was twenty minutes fast -lrb- so i 'd never be late -rrb- , it read three in the morning . 
 `` k ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` do you mind if i reschedule practice until after school ? 
 i 'm not sure i can jump as high as i need to this morning . '' 
 `` no prob . 
 i 'll e-mail the girls when i get in . '' 
 she took out her cell and adjusted her calendar . 
 then she grinned , looking sideways at me . 
 `` i 'm sure aiden will appreciate a little more quality time with you anyway . '' 
 i swatted her shoulder . 
 `` be quiet . 
 aiden gets plenty from me . '' 
 and he did . 
 except for the truth about where i 'd been spending my nights . 
 i swallowed hard and took the sim card from my cup holder and handed it to kira . 
 `` track down all the numbers on this , '' i said . 
 `` i want the names of everyone michael has been calling other than caitlyn . 
 full report tomorrow . '' 
 `` on it , tess . '' 
 `` and let me know what you see on the webcam . '' 
 she saluted me , and i slipped the car into reverse until i was in front of her building entryway . 
 after all , it was three in the morning . 
 `` see you at school , '' she said happily as she climbed out . 
 she loved when i trusted her with evidence . 
 i watched her blond curls flop around on her shoulders as she jogged to the front gate of her complex . 
 she waved one last time and i waved back , mostly to encourage her . 
 but the minute she was gone , my smile faded . 
 just once , i wanted not to confirm a cheat , to find at least one innocent guy . 
 but so far , sos subjects had been found guilty hundred percent of the time . 
 it was tragic . 
 and it was seriously impeding my perk . 
 i sighed and shifted my car into gear before pulling onto the street , headed for my home in murray hills . 
 with a quick check at my reflection , i straightened my frown and tried to look positive . 
 it was possible . 
 it was possible to find at least one innocent suspect . 
 i was sure of it . 
 sos the official handbook updated : our mission statement : the mission of sos -lrb- the society of smitten kittens -rrb- is to make a positive difference in the dating lives of the girls at washington high-primarily through investigation , client confidentiality , and inspirational cheer sets-all the while building the self-esteem , individuality , and confidence of the female population by providing a high standard of leadership , competence , and fabulous accessorizing . 
 smitten kitten code of conduct : o never be seen at the location of an investigation . 
 being covert means being invisible . 
 o never leave a smitten kitten behind . 
 when faced with exposure , use the predetermined escape routes and stay in formation . 
 o always be upbeat and positive . 
 school spirit is essential to success . 
 o refrain from using any profane language . 
 smitten kittens never cuss . 
 o be on time for all practices , games , and sos meetings and missions . 
 o do not engage in any dating activities with a suspect . 
 making out with a suspect is bad form . 
 o dress appropriately for all games and missions . 
 cheer skirts for games , spandex for practice , and black , drab outfits for missions . 
 o although a smitten kitten is often privy to detailed encounters of the cheating variety , she must always maintain her class in and out of school . 
 never speak to anyone outside of sos about the missions . 
 if needed , an sos-approved counselor can help with post-traumatic-sos-disorder-related issues . 
 the laws : o the cheat-an official cheat requires the subject to be engaged in romantic or sexual activity with a person other than the client . 
 these offenses include , but are not limited to , hand-holding , kissing , dirty talk , or any of the four bases . 
 o double jeopardy-we will never investigate the same subject twice for the same cheat . 
 once cleared or convicted , the subject is free to continue his inappropriate lifestyle without our supervision . 
 o evidence-each subject is innocent until proven cheating . 
 to confirm the crime , more than one form of evidence must be provided to the client . 
 this can include photos , audio or video surveillance , e-mails , eyewitness accounts , recovered items with fingerprints or dna , or admission of guilt . 
 instincts and bad reputations do not count as evidence . 
 o interference-never interfere with a cheat in progress . 
 although it may be difficult to witness these crimes of passion , it 's the sos responsibility to investigate without bias . 
 o confidentiality-it is key to every mission to maintain the secrecy of the client and the sos organization . 
 never engage a client or subject directly with collected evidence . 
 all communication must be anonymous . 
 discipline : if a smitten kitten is caught breaking these rules , an official disciplinary form will be sent . 
 the infractions could result ino verbal or written warnings o suspension of assignment o loss of cheer time o dismissal payment and equipment : sos is a nonprofit organization . 
 there is no charge for our services , and all proceeds from donations go directly toward equipment and other essential supplies , like uniforms . 
 only the president and treasurer have access to these funds . 
 responsibilities : smitten kittens are expected to keep a cheerful attitude at all times . 
 the sos reputation is dependent on the squad 's conduct along with our success on missions . 
 all smitten kittens are responsible for learning cheers , stunts , lock picking , wall scaling , equipment handling and maintenance , and herkies . 
 never let them see you sweat ! 
 go , smitten kittens ! 
 chapter two i checked to make sure the double doors of the gymnasium were shut before crossing the wood floor to pause in front of my squad . 
 `` kitten call to order , '' i said , clapping . 
 the smitten kittens were gathered on the front wooden bleacher , packing up their cheer gear . 
 we 'd just finished practice , and i was sweaty and exhausted . 
 but we had business to attend to . 
 `` i need the double scoop . 
 what 's the status report ? '' 
 i asked kira , readjusting my ponytail . 
 `` there 's over two hundred numbers on the sim card , '' she said , rolling her eyes . 
 `` who would have thought michael garnett had so many friends ? 
 he 's such a tool . '' 
 `` kira , '' i scolded . 
 `` be objective . '' 
 `` sorry . '' 
 she shrugged apologetically and then reached into her backpack to pull out a manila folder , setting it on her lap . 
 `` i 've printed out the names , and i 'm doing a run-through now . 
 i 'll need another day . '' 
 `` great job , k. i 'm totally impressed . '' 
 leona groaned from the end of the bleacher , and kira glanced over at her , beaming . 
 leona rolled her eyes . 
 `` be nice , '' i mouthed to leona . 
 `` now , what about the webcam ? '' 
 she adjusted her glasses and looked down , checking her phone for the feed . 
 `` nada . 
 but that 's to be expected , tess . 
 he seems like a night perv . '' 
 i tsked . 
 the squad had been very judgmental lately . 
 i blamed the fact that we 'd caught several of their boyfriends cheating on them in the past three months . 
 poor things . 
 it was tragic , really . 
 `` i have something , '' izzie announced , twisting a red strand of her hair around a pen . 
 i nodded to her , wondering if she 'd found a crucial piece of evidence in michael 's myspace account . 
 we would need at least two forms of cheater tracks to confirm the crime . 
 izzie pulled her ruby red lips into a smile and stood up . 
 `` okay , so i was at the mall yesterday , and i saw this totally cute maroon warm-up suit that would be perfect for non-game days ! '' 
 she bounced on her heels with excitement , eagerly waiting for our response . 
 i stared at her . 
 the other girls on the squad stopped what they were doing to turn to her . 
 she stayed standing for a minute and then widened her eyes before sitting down on the bleacher . 
 she shrugged and mumbled , `` and i found dirty myspace messages that were placed to lisa belgium . 
 she and michael have been sleeping together for , like , two months . '' 
 `` nice ! '' 
 leona called , clapping . 
 `` now we just need the sim card info or the webcam images , and he 's busted ! 
 get me all the files so i can draft the report and submit it for tessa 's approval . '' 
 the girls started congratulating each other , happy to have uncovered another cheater , but i felt my face drain of color . 
 even though i 'd known from the beginning that we 'd probably catch michael doing something , i 'd still hoped that the accusation was n't true . 
 i always did . 
 but nothing ever changed . 
 one hundred percent guilty . 
 just like always . 
 i wrapped my arms around myself and walked over to the bleachers to pick up my cheerleading gear . 
 my school spirit was compromised . 
 `` meeting adjourned , '' i said quietly , and headed for the double doors of the gymnasium . 
 i needed aiden . 
 he always knew how to cheer me up . 
 i pushed back into my soft , pink pillows , staring at the lean muscles of aiden 's arm as he held my leg . 
 `` you should have been there , '' i said , reaching down to run my fingers over his skin . 
 `` izzie caught me in the hall and was like - '' `` tessa , '' aiden said , getting a better position on the edge of my bed . 
 `` will you stop wiggling ? '' 
 `` oh , sorry . 
 but i just think - '' `` i know , baby . 
 you 're always thinking . 
 can i please finish ? '' 
 he smiled , his green eyes sparkling deviously . 
 `` okay . '' 
 he exhaled and picked my foot back up , using the brush of the pink passion nail polish to go over my pinky toe . 
 it might seem odd that my boyfriend loved to paint my toenails , but i thought it was sweet . 
 after two years , he 'd actually gotten really good at it . 
 way better than i was . 
 and why pay some stranger to torture me with a pedicure every few weeks when aiden liked to do it as foreplay ? 
 he was so cute like that . 
 `` finished , '' he said , blowing on my foot before laying it in his lap . 
 he closed the bottle and set it on my rosewood side table . 
 then he leaned over to kiss my ankle . 
 when his warm mouth touched my skin , a shiver ran up my leg . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i licked my lips . 
 he was absolutely , mind-blowingly adorable . 
 his eyes narrowed as he kissed lightly at my shin , then my knee . 
 even in the gloomy november weather , his skin was tan . 
 set that against his green eyes and tousled blond hair , and the boy was pure eye candy . 
 but he never noticed when other girls checked him out . 
 he never noticed anyone but me . 
 when we 'd started dating , he was already super-tall and sort of awkward . 
 some of the older girls on the squad even thought he was beneath me , totally average . 
 but i knew , even back before his increasingly sexy biceps , that aiden would be more than the star of the basketball team . 
 he was perfect for me . 
 we were , well , partners . 
 neither one of us ruled the other . 
 it was a give-and-take . 
 we - `` mm ... '' i loved when he caressed my leg like that . 
 i closed my eyes , adjusting my position and staring at my ceiling fan as it swirled . 
 my nail polish would undoubtedly be ruined in a few minutes . 
 it always got ruined . 
 luckily , i wore sneakers 95 percent of the time . 
 aiden 's hands slid up , pausing on my hips . 
 i nestled back into my fluffy white comforter . 
 my parents would n't be home for hours . 
 one of the perks of having musical parents was that their nights were spent in lounges , leaving tons of free time for aiden ... or sos . 
 either way , it was still way better than having a mom that worked for handr block-poor aiden . 
 `` can you leave this on ? '' 
 he mumbled into my thigh , touching the hem of my skirt . 
 i laughed , reaching down to push his hands away . 
 `` i 'm not wearing my uniform so you can act out some boyhood fantasy yet again . '' 
 `` please ? 
 it 's so f ** king hot . '' 
 `` aiden , do n't talk like that . '' 
 `` sorry , baby . 
 it 's so freaking hot . '' 
 he knew i 'd agree . 
 i always did . 
 i mean , there was a reason i kept three extra maroon and gray skirts in my closet , even if this one was my favorite . 
 my boyfriend could be very persuasive . 
 `` afterward , i get to talk about whatever i want , '' i said . 
 aiden usually preferred a nap to listening to my latest cheerleading drama , but this was important ! 
 izzie had a new cheer ! 
 the bed shifted as aiden crawled up and stretched his long body next to mine , leaning over to kiss my neck . 
 `` mm-hm . '' 
 `` and then you have to repaint my nails . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` and - '' he pressed his mouth to mine . 
 he knew how to shut me up . 
 `` aiden , '' i whispered , twisting his hair with my finger . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he mumbled . 
 he 'd been lying facedown on the bed , totally passed out . 
 `` you have to go home . 
 your mom 's going to freak . '' 
 i leaned down and kissed his earlobe . 
 it was close to ten , and he 'd been at my house since i 'd gotten home from practice . 
 `` ca n't i stay here ? '' 
 he knew he could n't , but it did n't stop him from asking every time-not that my parents would care . 
 they adored him . 
 in fact , my father called him `` son . '' 
 my parents even decorated signs to hold up at the games . 
 signs that said things like , `` the wildcats ca n't be caged '' or `` growl till it hurts . '' 
 yes . 
 they were those people . 
 `` your mother is going to call here in , like , five minutes . '' 
 i really did n't want him to go . 
 i lifted his arm and snuggled up next to him , breathing his natural , athletic scent . 
 even though the physicality of our relationship was a recent development , it was quickly becoming my favorite part . 
 especially when we got to do this afterward . 
 i held him a little tighter . 
 `` mm , '' he said sleepily , turning to wrap his other arm around me . 
 `` but i like it better at your house . '' 
 i stared at him . 
 he was so handsome . 
 his eyes were closed as his face rested on the pillow , but there was the hint of a smile on his lips . 
 he knew i was watching him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he whispered , his eyes still shut . 
 `` i just love you . '' 
 `` i know you do , baby . '' 
 he opened one eye to look at me . 
 `` give me a kiss . '' 
 leaning over , i pecked his lips . 
 `` and another , '' he breathed . 
 i giggled . 
 the phone rang and we paused , still connected at the mouth . 
 `` told you , '' i mumbled into his lips . 
 he groaned , reaching up to rest his palm on my cheek . 
 aiden adored me . 
 he absolutely worshipped me . 
 but he still had to go home . 
 i was pretty sure his mother could n't stand me . 
 she might have been suffering from a case of cheerleader envy . 
 i kissed him again quickly and sat up . 
 he rolled onto his back , grabbing his t-shirt from the side table . 
 he slid it over his head as the phone rang its third warning call . 
 i raised one eyebrow at him . 
 `` tell her i left five minutes ago ? '' 
 he asked , tilting his head . 
 i nodded and scooted down the bed . 
 she would n't believe me ; i always told her the five-minute story . 
 walking into the hallway , i grabbed the cordless off the wall and pressed it to my ear . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw aiden streak by , dashing to the door . 
 even though he pretended not to be , i knew he was terrified of his mother . 
 i would be too . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i asked in my sweetest voice . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 it was kira , and she sounded awful-totally choked up . 
 i jetted my glance toward the direction aiden ran , but i heard the front door close , signaling his hasty exit . 
 he 'd be away at college next year , but we 'd still be strawberry smoothie . 
 washington state university was n't all that far , and with a dorm room in his immediate future , there would be sleepovers . 
 my senior year was going to rock . 
 `` are you there ? '' 
 kira whimpered . 
 oh , right . 
 `` what 's wrong , k ? 
 and why are you calling on my house phone ? '' 
 `` because i 'm a mess ! 
 he cheated ! '' 
 my stomach flipped . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` darren cheated . '' 
 `` cheated , like how ? 
 at scrabble ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 she sniffled back some thick-sounding snot . 
 i cringed . 
 `` tessa , my boyfriend cheated on me ! 
 and we did n't know about it ! '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 wait , that was n't possible . 
 we knew about every cheater . 
 the sos team was constantly updating the possible cheater roster -lrb- or as i liked to call it , the naughty list -rrb- , and darren was definitely not on it . 
 no one got by the society of smitten kittens . 
 especially not one of our boyfriends ! 
 `` who 's the girl ? '' 
 i asked , tapping my bare foot on the carpet . 
 `` charlie meyers . '' 
 `` whoa . 
 his ex-girlfriend ? '' 
 this was a disturbing development . 
 it should have been obvious because guys always cheated with their exes . 
 it was practically a given . 
 `` that 's the one . '' 
 her voice became little more than a high-pitched dog whistle . 
 i closed one eye and clenched my teeth as i listened . 
 she tried to regain her composure . 
 `` kara 's cousin 's girlfriend saw them in the parking lot of the windmill hotel - '' `` ew . 
 the one where you pay by the hour ? '' 
 my mouth flooded with a familiar metallic taste : adrenaline . 
 `` i know ! '' 
 her sounds came out in a guttural moan . 
 `` and it was n't even a sheraton ! 
 i totally thought darren had better taste than that ! '' 
 now i was seriously po 'd . 
 darren was aiden 's best friend and the power forward of the wildcats . 
 next to aiden , he was our leading scorer . 
 well , next to aiden , he was our only scorer . 
 that deserved r-e-s-p-e-c-t . 
 `` what are we going to do ? '' 
 she whined . 
 `` every guy we 've investigated has been guilty . 
 every one ! 
 and look at us . 
 none of us even have boyfriends anymore . '' 
 she sniffled . 
 `` we 've become a squad of widows . '' 
 `` widows are the spouses of people who have died , k. '' she gasped . 
 `` my word ! 
 that is so sad ! '' 
 even though i felt awful for kira , she was wrong . 
 one of us did still have a boyfriend . 
 me . 
 `` wait . '' 
 she sighed . 
 `` never mind , you have aiden . 
 you 're the only smitten kitten that has n't been cheated on . '' 
 somehow that thought made me uncomfortable . 
 `` oh , no ! '' 
 she said loud enough to make me jump . 
 `` i wo n't be able to go to prom ! '' 
 kira dissolved into hysterical sobs . 
 as i tried to soothe her , i spun around , still clad in a slightly wrinkled cheerleading skirt . 
 the heater kicked on , and when i felt the warm breeze on my legs , i looked down . 
 smeared nail polish . 
 aiden . 
 cheaters . 
 fudge ripple ! 
 something was wrong . 
 `` i 'll call you back , '' i said , clicking off the phone . 
 darren was a wildcat , and my boyfriend was his captain . 
 that made him aiden 's responsibility . 
 he needed to rein in this mess or i would get cheeredieval on his rear . 
 i set the phone back on the wall and marched to my room . 
 aiden 's mom would be less than thrilled to see me tonight , so i 'd have to climb up the latticework to his room . 
 again . 
 i sighed . 
 why was everything getting so complicated ? 
 could n't i just cheer , come home , hook up with my boyfriend , and go to sleep ? 
 searching through my closet , i looked past the rows of mission-specific attire-one-piece bodysuits , spandex running pants , utility belts with climbing gear , and tons of hats and scarves . 
 aha ! 
 there , near the back , was the only clean black shirt i had that was n't for sos . 
 my mother had gotten it for me when she was in her bohemian rhapsody phase . 
 it was seriously drab . 
 it took most of my willpower to not pair it with the cute metallic leggings i 'd just bought and instead choose dark jeans . 
 i would n't want aiden 's mom to spot me sneaking in . 
 that certainly would n't help her negative attitude . 
 i glanced in my full-length mirror . 
 great . 
 i looked like a ninja . 
 what i would n't do for my squad , for girls everywhere . 
 i tied my dark strands into a still-cute , yet casual high knot and contemplated using black eyeliner to ring my eyes . 
 never mind , there was no need to go overboard . 
 i grabbed my oversized purse , tossing its strap onto my shoulder as i headed to the doorway . 
 aiden would be excited to see me , at least . 
 and i did still need him to fix my toenails , even though i had a feeling we 'd just get carried away again . 
 i glanced in my purse quickly and smiled when i spied my extra bottle of ruby red polish . 
 a smitten kitten was always prepared . 
 i paused under aiden 's window , looking from the large porch in the front to his darkened pane , charting my usual course . 
 there was latticework with interwoven vines attached to the white siding , and amazingly enough , it would n't be the first lattice i 'd climbed this week . 
 when we 'd investigated peter corning on tuesday , i 'd had to shimmy across his cedar roof to get a picture of him cheating . 
 he and his female accomplice were totally getting it on in his parents ' room ! 
 gross . 
 his girlfriend , marissa , was so ticked when she found out , she 'd given him a bloody lip in the middle of homeroom ! 
 it was quite a scene-swearing , punching , and groin kicking . 
 sheesh . 
 peter would freak if he knew how marissa had found out about his cheating . 
 so far , none of the guys knew sos existed-our clients were great at keeping the secret . 
 even better , nobody outside of the smitten kittens knew our true identities . 
 and we planned to keep it that way . 
 my sneaker fit perfectly in between the slots of the wooden grid as i climbed . 
 my pulse was racing . 
 heights were n't my thing . 
 well , not unless i had a good solid base beneath me , and this latticework was nowhere near as dependable as my girls . 
 they would never drop me . 
 aiden 's window was half open , and i smiled . 
 i figured it would be , since i snuck in to see him about twice per week . 
 it would have been quite an inconvenience if i had to pick the lock every time . 
 i pushed the cold glass up all the way before crawling in . 
 `` hey , '' i whispered as i slid my legs over the sill . 
 aiden 's bedroom was lined with trophies and ribbons dating back to elementary school . 
 my sweetie had even earned a merit badge from boy scouts for knot tying . 
 but what i loved most was that his room smelled like him : athletic , sexy , and comforting . 
 his sheets rustled as he shifted in the bed . 
 `` baby ? '' 
 he sounded sleepy . 
 aiden sat up and clicked on his side table lamp , lighting up the room . 
 i noticed that the tracksuit he 'd been wearing earlier was tossed on the wood floor . 
 it made me wonder what exactly he was wearing under his sheets . 
 i licked my lips . 
 aiden rubbed at his face and grinned at me . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 his question brought me back to my kitten senses . 
 `` i need to talk to you . '' 
 `` sit with me , '' he said , moving over and holding open his plaid comforter for me . 
 he was wearing the boxers i 'd given him for christmas , the ones with little reindeers on them . 
 he 'd been thinking of me ! 
 that was awfully sweet of him . 
 i walked over and sat down , almost ready to forget everything , but then kira 's sobbing voice popped in my head , sniffles and all . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 aiden asked . 
 `` i do n't like to see you frown . '' 
 he used his finger to trace my downturned mouth . 
 he really did n't like to see me sad . 
 luckily , i rarely was-it was n't the smitten kitten way . 
 `` it 's darren , '' i said . 
 `` he cheated on kira . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 aiden furrowed his brow and glanced around the room , then looked back at me . 
 `` are you f ** king serious ? '' 
 i glared at him . 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` sorry . 
 are you effing serious ? '' 
 aiden raked his fingers through his hair , looking confused . 
 `` i 'm seriously serious . '' 
 he paused , shaking his head . 
 then he straightened up . 
 `` wait . 
 was it with charlie ? '' 
 my stomach flipped . 
 `` you knew ? '' 
 `` no ! 
 of course not . 
 it 's just ... i saw him talking to her after school . 
 i thought it was weird , but it was n't anything to call him on . '' 
 `` maybe you should have . '' 
 `` tessa . '' 
 `` now you have to , aiden ! 
 your boys have been out of control lately . 
 do you realize that every member of the starting five , except you , has cheated on their girlfriend ? 
 do you think that 's okay ? '' 
 i felt shaky . 
 i did n't like having to point out something he should have already known . 
 and besides , it was so negative . 
 `` no , i do n't . 
 but - '' `` well , then , you need to tell them that . 
 you should be leading them . '' 
 aiden chuckled . 
 he moved over , wrapping me up and putting his chin on my shoulder . 
 `` baby , '' he said . 
 `` they 're my friends . 
 and i lead them in basketball , not in life . '' 
 `` maybe a life coach is exactly what they need . '' 
 `` i ca n't do that . '' 
 `` i lead the smitten kittens ! 
 they listen to me . 
 you do n't see any of us running around behind our boyfriends ' backs . '' 
 well , that was n't entirely true . 
 but at least we were n't cheating . 
 oh , butterscotch . 
 i was starting to get choked up . 
 poor kira . 
 she 'd really liked darren . 
 they 'd been together for close to a month . 
 it was her longest relationship . 
 `` besides , '' i said , sniffling . 
 `` i should have known . '' 
 `` tessa . '' 
 aiden pulled back and turned me to him , holding my face in his palms . 
 `` there 's no way you could have known . 
 it 's not your responsibility . 
 you 're a sex kitten , not the morality police . '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` it 's smitten . '' 
 aiden did n't know about sos . 
 he had no idea that on the side , the smitten kittens were more than the morality police . 
 we were full-on double agents . 
 like in a james bond movie-only with twice the sex . 
 `` lie down with me ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i nodded , letting him pull me in between the flannel sheets as disappointment washed over me . 
 i 'd let kira down , and i continued to do something i despised : lie . 
 aiden deserved to know what i did with the smitten kittens ; he 'd understand . 
 but i could n't tell him because then he 'd know i 'd kept something from him for the last two years . 
 i twitched my nose and snuggled closer to him , feeling his heat and trying to block out the negativity . 
 `` i love you , baby , '' aiden breathed into my hair as he hugged me . 
 `` i love you too . '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 sos cheater incident report case : 043 client : caitlyn march subject : michael garnett findings : at approximately 1:00 a.m. on january 30 , mr. garnett was observed talking online with an unnamed female accomplice . 
 the conversation was not recorded , but judging by mr. garnett 's actions , we can safely say it was of a sexual nature . 
 after a thorough phone record search , it was also discovered that mr. garnett had been texting obscene messages to a lisa belgium . 
 he 'd also set up a false myspace account in order to schedule their meetings . 
 once retrieved , all the correspondence was sorted . 
 you 'll find the transcripts included with this letter . 
 note the encounter scheduled on page four . 
 at that meeting , mr. garnett and ms. belgium were photographed kissing in front of the seattle 's best coffeehouse . 
 those photos are included , as well as pictures of mr. garnett in front of his computer . 
 some with boxers , some without . 
 we trust that this report will remain confidential as some of the information contained within could compromise our top-secret status . 
 sos is sorry for your loss , and we offer our deepest sympathies . 
 we hope that we will not have to assist you again in the future , but please keep us in mind for referrals . 
 chapter three `` pass me the bobby pin , '' i said , chewing on the corner of my lip as i fiddled with the padlock on serena santos 's metal school locker . 
 i was glad it was n't a master lock-those suckers took forever to pick ! 
 kira felt around in her blond curls for a second , then smiled as she pulled out a pin and handed it to me . 
 `` remembered it this time , '' she said , beaming . 
 although kira had called me about sixteen more times , her depression over darren only lasted until about five this morning . 
 i was proud of her bravery . 
 `` hurry , tess , '' she whispered , looking both ways down the hall . 
 `` the janitor will be here in twenty minutes . '' 
 sugarplum fairies ! 
 i 'd better get to it . 
 i readjusted my stance , checking the half-lit walkway one last time before i inserted the metal pin into the padlock , twisting and turning it just right . 
 it clicked . 
 kira giggled . 
 `` i do n't know how you do that . 
 i failed the lock-pick course three times . '' 
 `` i remember . '' 
 poor kira . 
 she had a hard time learning new trades . 
 now , cheer routines ? 
 she was a pro at that . 
 `` i bet aiden would think it 's totally cute you can pick locks . '' 
 my stomach turned as i looked over my shoulder at her . 
 `` let 's not think about aiden . '' 
 she grinned , her dimples deepening in her cheeks . 
 `` yeah . 
 good luck with that . '' 
 kira 's blue eyes twinkled as she wiggled her eyebrows at me . 
 i could n't help it-i laughed . 
 she was right : ignoring aiden was impossible . 
 and ignoring the guilt i felt for sneaking around was even harder . 
 `` hey , '' she said , putting her arm over my shoulders . 
 `` do n't look so down , tess . 
 i 'm sure he 'd understand if you just told him about sos . '' 
 kira and the squad knew my inner turmoil about lying to aiden . 
 and even though they loved aiden , it was too late for me to tell him the truth . 
 i 'd lied for too long . 
 no , i 'd just have to stick out the school year . 
 sos was the smitten kittens ' secret . 
 i exhaled . 
 `` we have work to do , '' i said , and yanked open the locker with a metal clang . 
 kira reached down to grab the equipment out of the backpack . 
 she pulled out a jewelry-size black box and opened it , revealing the small gps tracker that leona had scored a few weeks ago with our frequent shopper 's discount . 
 i took the tiny tracking device from its package and peeled off the self-adhesive back . 
 then i stuck it in between the pages of serena 's uber-thick chemistry book . 
 sos had been alerted that she was a `` person of interest '' in a new cheating incident . 
 apparently , paul masterson had been disappearing between seventh and ninth period every monday , wednesday , and friday . 
 so had serena . 
 only , sos had n't been able to find where they 'd been sneaking off to , and we never accuse without proof . 
 even if the subjects cheated every time -lrb- which they did -rrb- , we would never tell our clients that . 
 they deserved for it to be definitive . 
 one hundred percent . 
 but it was always 100 percent bad news . 
 after the chip was settled between the pages , i turned to kira . 
 `` test it , '' i said . 
 she pulled out the sos phone , punching in the code with a series of beeps . 
 even though each of us had an encrypted cell , there was only one official sos line . 
 so at every meeting , we switched possession . 
 it helped to make everyone feel included . 
 kira especially loved when it was her turn-total self-esteem boost . 
 there was a blip . 
 `` easy squeezy , '' she said , holding up the phone to me . 
 i watched the little red light flash , pinpointing our exact location . 
 i nodded . 
 `` all set . '' 
 i shut the locker , resetting the padlock , and grabbed up the pack from the linoleum floor . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` almost six . '' 
 i groaned . 
 `` we 'd better jet . 
 aiden will be at my house for breakfast at six thirty . '' 
 there was a sound from behind us , and we froze . 
 the janitor was never early ! 
 i put my finger to my lips , signaling for kira to be quiet , and then we backed against the cold lockers , looking down the hall . 
 there were footsteps , along with the squeaky wheeling of a mop bucket . 
 double dang it ! 
 `` shit , '' kira whispered . 
 i gave her a dirty look and put my finger sternly in front of my lips again , shushing her . 
 the squeaking stopped . 
 there was someone right around the corner , just yards away . 
 my heart raced . 
 if we were caught breaking into school , that would be a major violation . 
 i did n't have time for suspension . 
 the playoffs were getting close . 
 oh , snapdragon ! 
 please just let them leave . 
 kira 's hand slid into mine . 
 it was sort of sweaty . 
 then there was a skidding sound , along with a sloshing , as the footsteps and squeaks went off in the direction they 'd come from . 
 we waited until there was only the sound of the ticking furnaces and buzzing fluorescent bulbs before exchanging a glance . 
 it was getting harder and harder to keep up this covert baloney . 
 i missed just being a regular cheerleader . 
 i missed worrying about high kicks instead of high jinks . 
 but i was a smitten kitten . 
 i had responsibilities . 
 `` come on , '' i said , dropping kira 's hand . 
 `` i do n't want aiden to get suspicious . '' 
 i jogged ahead toward the back double doors . 
 `` now that is a good-looking boy , '' kira whispered next to me in history class . 
 `` heard he just transferred in from west washington . '' 
 i followed her devious stare over my shoulder to the boy in the back near the bookcase . 
 he was new . 
 huh-that was odd . 
 principal pelli had n't made me aware of any transferring students , and as head of the washington high welcoming committee , i should have been informed . 
 i twitched my nose . 
 `` yeah , i guess , '' i said , turning back around . 
 mr. powell was still at his podium in an animated discussion about the former soviet union . 
 it was making my head hurt . 
 he 'd obviously had some pent-up anger about the cold war , whenever that was . 
 `` you guess ? '' 
 kira kicked at my sneaker under the table . 
 `` look at that hair ! 
 he looks like that surfer i dated last summer . 
 remember him ? '' 
 of course i remembered him . 
 i had seen his sandy rear when i walked in on them at leona 's parents ' beach house . 
 i exhaled and turned again . 
 sure , he did have that chin-length , chocolaty-cute hair that perfectly framed his strong jaw line . 
 and okay , there were his eyelashes : long and curled , accentuating the soft olive tone of his smooth skin . 
 but - suddenly he looked up , staring directly at me . 
 my mouth fell open for a second in surprise , but i snapped it shut and offered a polite smile . 
 he grinned . 
 slowly , and slightly mortified , i turned in my seat and dropped my head . 
 `` thanks , k . 
 now he thinks i was checking him out . '' 
 `` well , i was checking him out , '' she said , and then licked her lips . 
 `` he 's drop-dead delicious . '' 
 `` he 's okay . '' 
 my eyes flicked up to mr. powell . 
 the marker was screeching on the whiteboard as he wrote the names of people i did n't recognize . 
 wait , reagan ! 
 ha . 
 one i knew ! 
 she was totally from king lear ! 
 kira giggled next to me . 
 `` sure , tess . 
 he 's only okay . '' 
 she grabbed her purple pom-pom pen and jotted down something from the board . 
 `` you are whipped cream , '' she mumbled . 
 when class mercifully ended , i pushed back in my chair and dropped the ridiculously oversized book into my backpack . 
 as i looked down at the speckled linoleum floor , i noticed a birkenstocked pair of sandals pause and turn to me . 
 i glanced up the length of the body until i was staring into the face of the new guy , standing there in corduroys and a long-sleeve tee , grinning at me . 
 straightening my posture , i pulled my eyebrows together . 
 `` hi , '' i said . 
 wow , he was even better looking up close . 
 `` you 're tessa crimson , right ? '' 
 his voice was soft . 
 i relaxed slightly . 
 `` um , yeah . '' 
 i slipped into polite mode . 
 i was cheer director for a reason . 
 `` tessa crimson . 
 hi . '' 
 `` i 'm christian . 
 christian ferril . '' 
 he outstretched his hand . 
 i took it without thinking , but when his cool palm touched mine , i felt my heart rate speed up . 
 he was squeezing me just a little too tightly . 
 `` nice to meet you , '' i said as calmly as possible . 
 where in the world had kira disappeared ? 
 discreetly , i tried to jet my eyes around the emptying classroom for her . 
 she was gone . 
 great-it was her fault that i 'd looked at him . 
 `` how did you - '' `` know your name ? '' 
 he finished for me , laughing softly . 
 i was n't sure why , but this hot surfer made me uneasy . 
 like he was in on a joke that i had n't heard the punch line for yet . 
 i slipped into sos mode , trying to seek out his ulterior motive , but then stopped . 
 i had to remind myself that i was in school and not on a mission . 
 `` mr. powell , '' he said , tilting his head toward the front of the class . 
 `` he told me to see you for the notes from last week . 
 he 's making me take the test tomorrow . '' 
 christian rolled his eyes . 
 `` so he said to ask tessa crimson for the materials . 
 and ... '' he shoved his hands in the pockets of his corduroys . 
 `` here i am . 
 sort of embarrassing myself by rambling . '' 
 aw , it was nice of mr. powell to recommend me . 
 even though i was an a student , i was far from a brain . 
 i 'd certainly have to send him a polite thank-you note . 
 i looked appreciatively to his podium . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 christian asked . 
 i quickly turned back to him , realizing that i had n't answered . 
 i shook my ponytail to clear my head . 
 `` my notes , right ? '' 
 he nodded and his grin widened , revealing a perfect set of teeth . 
 `` if you would n't mind . '' 
 `` no , of course not . 
 they 're in my locker and i 'm going there now , but - '' `` great . 
 i 'll follow you . '' 
 he stepped back , motioning his hands for me to go . 
 tentatively , i stood . 
 aiden would be waiting at my locker for me . 
 how would he feel if i had a new pup at my heels when i met him ? 
 this felt odd . 
 and i did not like odd . 
 ducking my head , i walked forward into the near-empty corridor . 
 this part of the building only had a few classrooms , so it was quiet , other than the squeaks that my sneakers were making on the shiny linoleum tiles . 
 i suddenly felt a little self-conscious , wishing i was n't wearing my shorter cheerleading skirt . 
 but aiden had wrinkled my good one . 
 i smiled to myself , remembering . 
 `` so , '' christian said from behind me . 
 `` cheerleading , huh ? '' 
 i straightened my posture and looked politely over my shoulder at him . 
 `` yep . '' 
 his tone was not lost on me . 
 being a cheerleader meant getting used to airhead jokes and other stereotypes . 
 that was why i felt it was so important for the smitten kittens to keep their dignity intact at all times . 
 stupid skirt . 
 `` i 'll have to admit i 'm surprised to get study notes from a person that spends time on the top of a human pyramid . 
 i expected more of the chess club type - '' `` i play chess . '' 
 i swirled to face him . 
 i was pretty sure my bloomers flashed because his grin became a full-on smile . 
 was he trying to ruffle my pom-poms ? 
 `` really ? '' 
 he asked , tilting his head and looking me over carefully . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 my cheeks felt warm . 
 i did n't like defending my intelligence . 
 turning slowly , i began to walk forward again . 
 my eyebrows pulled together as i contemplated . 
 something was off about this boy . 
 something unusual . 
 we turned down the busy main hallway , and i immediately spotted aiden , his head poking out above the rest of the student population . 
 he was resting his forehead against my locker , looking bored . 
 i smiled . 
 seeing him always made me smile . 
 forgetting my uncomfortable shadow , i jogged through the crowd and wrapped my arms around my boyfriend 's long body from behind . 
 he jumped but then laughed before turning in my arms . 
 `` hi , baby , '' he whispered , needing to duck way down to kiss me . 
 `` you smell nice , '' i said , getting up on my tiptoes to peck him again . 
 he 'd just gotten out of phys ed . 
 the boy wore sweat better than any cologne . 
 `` mm ... '' his hand lightly patted my rear . 
 `` you know i love this skirt ? '' 
 `` i do . 
 i wanted to wear - '' someone cleared their throat behind me . 
 right . 
 notes . 
 aiden 's smile faltered as he straightened up . 
 feeling awkward , i pursed my lips and then dropped my arms from around him . 
 `` aiden . 
 this is christian , '' i said , pointing to him . 
 `` mr. powell sent him to me to get history notes . '' 
 my boyfriend immediately reached out his hand to christian . 
 `` i 'm aiden wilder . 
 i have n't seen you before . 
 are you new ? '' 
 christian 's smile looked forced as he shook hands . 
 `` yeah . 
 we just moved , and i transferred in today from west washington . '' 
 `` ah , a duck , '' aiden said , moving to put his arm around me . 
 `` well , welcome to wildcats ' territory . '' 
 aiden was being so polite ! 
 he 'd sure come a long way with his manners . 
 not that i minded that he was a little rough around the edges-it was pretty steamy . 
 `` thanks , '' christian said , looking between aiden and me . 
 `` so , the head cheerleader and , i assume , the basketball captain ? '' 
 there was that tone again . 
 `` uh-huh , '' aiden said , happily and without a hint of distaste . 
 `` that 's cute , '' christian replied . 
 i could tell that `` cute '' was n't a normal word for him to use . 
 he seemed to choke on it . 
 `` it is . '' 
 i narrowed my eyes . 
 odd . 
 turning back to aiden , i put my hand at his hip and tried to move him aside so that i could get to my locker . 
 he did move but leaned down to my ear . 
 `` i 've got to take off . 
 i 'll see you at lunch . '' 
 he kissed softly at my lobe and i giggled . 
 i adored his adorableness . 
 `` nice to meet you , chris , '' he called as he backed away . 
 `` you too , but it 's christian . '' 
 `` right , '' aiden said , snapping his fingers . 
 he winked at me and headed off to english class . 
 sigh . 
 school would be so much more fun without the confines of the academic system . 
 i glanced back at christian once as i swirled the combo of my locker without needing to look at it . 
 he smiled . 
 i quickly turned around and yanked open the metal , pausing for a moment to glance in the magnetic mirror on the door . 
 hm . 
 i liked this new lip gloss . 
 it had just a hint of pink . 
 just enough . 
 christian chuckled , and i caught his brown eyes watching me in the mirror , seemingly amused . 
 i straightened up and grabbed my stack of notebooks from the top shelf . 
 flipping through the assorted colors , i found the purple one . 
 i smiled . 
 color coordination made everything so easy . 
 `` here you go , '' i said , holding it out . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 as he took the bound paper , his finger touched mine . 
 he did it on purpose . 
 i could tell by the all-too-innocent expression on his face and the slight reddening of his cheeks . 
 the bell rang , and i looked up toward the dinging box over the adjacent doorway . 
 great . 
 as if economics class was n't bad enough , now mrs. foster would make me sit in the tardy chair at the front-the one attached to her desk . 
 fantastic . 
 `` try and get it back to me tomorrow , '' i said to christian , feeling distressed and tossing a look at him as i slammed my locker door shut with a loud bang . 
 `` sure thing . '' 
 with another polite smile , i turned away and jogged toward the end of the hall . 
 i heard a small sound from back by my locker and knew that my skirt was probably flopping up again , showing off my school-colored panties . 
 but whatever , at least they matched . 
 sos inter-sos memo from : leona to : sos as the secretary and treasurer , i have some updates and reminders . 
 first , the self-defense training class has been changed to thursday night . 
 master marco has asked that we wear our uniforms , but i 'm not entirely sure why . 
 either he 's a perv , or he wants us to be prepared in all situations . 
 it begins at seven sharp at the martial arts studio . 
 make sure to wear bloomers -lrb- kira -rrb- . 
 next up , we just received a large donation in our po box from karen mcklusky , mother of helena . 
 helena was the unfortunate client involved in that threesome . 
 so gross . 
 anyway , the money is enough to buy the grappling hook that we were interested in or update our digital recording equipment . 
 we can have a vote after practice on wednesday . 
 also , it has come to my attention that peter corning has been soliciting freshmen for dates . 
 even though he 's not technically cheating anymore , he still loses points for being a creep . 
 keep your eyes peeled for possible violations . 
 finally , since kara martin is graduating , we 'll need to induct a new member into the squad and into sos . 
 if you know a girl with kitten potential , submit it to me via text , and i can compile a list for us to look over . 
 as tessa has said , it 's important for the smitten kittens to all be on board with sos to ensure our top-secret status . 
 please have your nominations in by next tuesday . 
 that 's all for now . 
 let me know if you need any clarification or see tessa with any questions . 
 keep smiling , leona sos text : 555-0101 exposing cheaters for over two years sos equipment order form from : leona to : sos our monthly order is ready for tessa 's approval . 
 if there is any last-minute item you need , please write it in and submit it to me before wednesday . 
 the order needs to be placed with xxx-com by friday or we wo n't earn the frequent buyer discount . 
 the donations this month have been sparse , so please only ask for necessary items . 
 no lip gloss ! 
 items : o portable lie detector - $ 59.99 o high-resolution tactical camera with night vision - $ 299.99 o pen audio recorder - $ 89.99 o smart card file retriever - $ 59.00 o tubular lock pick - $ 24.99 encrypted cell - / lost mine ! 
 6it1ppling hook eps w/cell assist keep smiling , leona sos text : 555-0101 exposing cheaters for over two years chapter four i was never so grateful to see corn dogs . 
 the loud murmurs in the cafeteria , coupled with the smell of processed meat , were doing a number on me . 
 economics was miserable . 
 calculus was worse . 
 all i wanted to do was lay my head on the sticky table and rest my brain . 
 these teachers were seriously impeding my thought process . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 kira asked , looking at me from across the table with concern . 
 `` i thought you 'd been kitten-napped or something . '' 
 `` my day was totally blown , '' i complained . 
 `` i got the tardy chair in economics . '' 
 `` tragic ! '' 
 leona said from the other end . 
 `` that woman should be stopped . 
 i think mrs. foster is inflicting serious emotional damage on the student population with her attendance policies . 
 i 'm going to write a strongly worded letter to the school board . '' 
 she adjusted her glasses . 
 that was leona . 
 she was a great asset to sos . 
 smart , prompt , and sassy ! 
 sure , sometimes she was a little judgmental -lrb- like the time she called coach taylor a dictator for making her take a fitness test -rrb- , but she was a whiz at both computers and fashion accessories . 
 in fact , if i had n't been so melancholy , i would have certainly found out where she 'd gotten her headband . 
 it was fab . 
 `` i like the letters you write , '' izzie announced , biting into her corn dog and nodding at leona . 
 `` you have totally great verbiage . '' 
 leona thanked her . 
 just then , a hand slid across my shoulders , and i looked up , startled . 
 aiden dropped down in the seat next to me , a bewildered expression on his face . 
 `` you look surprised to see me , '' he said , taking his arm from around me . 
 `` were you expecting someone else ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` nope . 
 i 'm just depressed . '' 
 and i was . 
 it was like uneasiness had settled over my uniformed chest . 
 i glanced around the filled cafeteria and wondered how many of the guys in here had been unfaithful in the last two years . 
 unfortunately , i knew the answer . 
 and it was n't good . 
 aiden 's mouth dropped open . 
 `` that 's not like you . 
 you 're like a little ball of sunshine . 
 always . 
 and i mean always . 
 what could you be sad about ? '' 
 aiden leaned over to kiss my shoulder , making my stomach flutter . 
 `` i 'm here , are n't i ? '' 
 indeed , he was here . 
 i had no reason to be sad . 
 after all , i was n't the one being cheated on . 
 but darren had been the third adulterer this week , and his indiscretion had totally messed with our lunchtime seating arrangements . 
 i glanced at the empty seat between kira and izzie and sighed . 
 darren might not have been the first cheater , but he was the first one that we had n't discovered on our own-and that worried me . 
 because up until now , sos had been foolproof . 
 why were all of these boys going horny ? 
 and why did i feel worried when my relationship was healthy ? 
 `` we 're okay , are n't we ? '' 
 aiden murmured into the sleeve of my shirt . 
 my eyes snapped to his . 
 he never asked questions like that ! 
 aiden was pure confidence . 
 `` what ? 
 why would n't we be ? '' 
 i asked , searching his face when he pulled back . 
 his skin was smooth and tan as he widened his green eyes at me . 
 `` nothing , '' he said quickly , shaking his head and wrapping both arms around my waist to pull me into him . 
 `` i 'm sorry , i did n't mean anything by that . '' 
 `` hey , tess , '' leona called from the end of the table . 
 `` i meant to ask you about the new lollipop in your history class . 
 i heard he is oh , so lickable . '' 
 `` ladies , '' aiden said , letting me go and pushing away his lunch tray , looking nauseous . 
 `` please do n't talk about the men of the school like lollipops . 
 especially to my girlfriend . '' 
 leona giggled and winked at me from behind her glasses . 
 `` by the way , '' she said as she stood up from the table . 
 `` the new boy has a sister , and she 's in my algebra class . 
 a real bitch , if you ask me . '' 
 `` language , '' i tsked . 
 `` sorry . 
 but she is . '' 
 leona shrugged , backing up toward the lunch line . 
 `` she told ms. kellan that she did n't ` do ' word problems . 
 total pout face . 
 and no accessories ! '' 
 i adored leona , but maybe she did n't understand that being the new kids at school was probably difficult for christian and his sister , especially if they 'd just moved . 
 i mean , sure , using the word do on purpose was sort of tactless , but - `` psst , '' kira interrupted , touching at the corners of her mouth with a paper napkin . 
 `` hottie alert . '' 
 she darted an excited glance over my shoulder . 
 i was glad she was working on her observation skills . 
 they 'd come in handy on missions . 
 aiden cleared his throat and grabbed his tray back from the middle of the table to pick at the salad . 
 he probably was n't interested in hearing about hot guys . 
 although i knew that no one was cuter than my sweetie . 
 with that blond hair and those lean muscles , he - `` tessa ? '' 
 a soft voice asked . 
 there was a twinge of irritation , but i recovered quickly and spun around . 
 christian . 
 of course . 
 only this time , he had company : a small , attractive girl with long , straight blond hair and full lips . 
 her face , however , was pulled into a scowl . 
 at least it was until she noticed my boyfriend . 
 then her pretty face perked up . 
 hm . 
 she was checking him out . 
 `` hello again , christian , '' i said , bringing my gaze back to him . 
 i felt aiden turn around in his seat . 
 i looked sideways at him and he was relaxed , lounging against the table and picking at his fingernails . 
 christian took another step closer and smiled at me . 
 `` i was wondering if we could join you ? '' 
 his dark eyes were framed perfectly by his lashes , making his stare intense yet ... vulnerable . 
 my heart sank . 
 he was probably embarrassed that he had to ask to sit with us . 
 i could n't stand to see someone looking so lonely . 
 `` sure , '' i said politely . 
 `` you can sit with us . '' 
 kira let out an excited squeak as aiden shifted next to me and turned back to the table , still picking at his nails . 
 i watched as the blond girl stared at my boyfriend 's dropped head and made her way around to the seat across from him , between kira and izzie . 
 she did n't have the same laid-back clothing style as her brother . 
 no , she was more provocative . 
 or as leona liked to call it , `` slutty '' - too-short skirt , low-cut tank top . 
 i swallowed hard . 
 when she finally met my gaze , she smiled-close-mouthed . 
 `` oh , '' christian said , sitting down on the other side of me . 
 `` this is my sister , chloe . '' 
 he motioned toward her , and she rolled her big brown eyes , as if she did n't like the formal introduction . 
 never one to forget my manners , i immediately stretched my hand over the table to her . 
 just because leona had a harsh opinion of her did n't mean ... wait . 
 chloe looked at me for a second , almost as if the thought of taking my hand repulsed her . 
 the hairs on the back of my neck stood up . 
 but then she reached out and took my palm in her cool one . 
 she might have thought i had n't noticed her side glance at aiden . 
 but i had . 
 i turned to him , and he was still messing with his fingers , not paying attention . 
 what was with him and his nails ? 
 i knocked my knee into his , and he looked up at me , surprised . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` nails , '' i reminded him . 
 the kid bit his nails to a ridiculous length and then chewed on his cuticles . 
 it was sort of disgusting . 
 i 'd tried to give him a manicure , but , well , we never got very far . 
 he always ended up offering to do me instead . 
 `` sorry , baby , '' he said , dropping his hands into his lap . 
 `` maybe you can buff them out for me later . '' 
 he looked sideways at me . 
 i crossed my legs to control the tingling between them . 
 his stare was devious . 
 `` we 'll see . '' 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 i loved the snot out of him . 
 `` it 's so fun meeting new people , '' izzie said happily to christian as she chewed on the stick of her corn dog . 
 `` i think it 's really cultural and stuff . '' 
 she was sweet . 
 the only redhead in the school that wore the uniform . 
 it was good to have diversity . 
 kira cleared her throat and smiled until her dimples were deeply set in her cheeks . 
 `` i 'm kira . '' 
 she reached over the table to christian , holding out her hand as if she expected him to kiss it . 
 he chuckled and instead turned it and shook it . 
 kira 's brilliant expression faded briefly , but then she turned to chloe and smiled again . 
 `` so you 're a sophomore ? '' 
 kira asked her enthusiastically . 
 she was really great at staying perky . 
 `` yep . 
 and you 're a cheerleader ? '' 
 there was that tone again . 
 the same one christian had this morning . 
 had they been attacked by a roaming band of cheerleaders when they were younger ? 
 what was with the hostility ? 
 `` i am , '' kira said , not at all concerned . 
 `` i 'm co-captain . '' 
 she straightened her back with pride . 
 she 'd been excited to get that title . 
 leona had threatened to quit , but we 'd resolved it . 
 smitten kittens did n't hold animosity toward each other . 
 `` huh , '' chloe said , then looked over at me . 
 `` you the captain ? '' 
 i did n't like her voice . 
 it was low and gravelly , not cute and small like she looked . 
 it made me think she was not at all the way she presented herself . 
 a wolf in sheep 's clothing , if you will . 
 leona 's theory might have been spot-on . 
 `` i am . '' 
 `` and i 'm the captain of the basketball team , '' aiden spoke up . 
 i turned to him . 
 he was smiling at her . 
 she smiled back . 
 my stomach felt slightly ill . 
 chloe 's stare came back to me . 
 i felt pale and not at all cute . 
 she started talking again . 
 `` well , i was surprised when christian said he wanted to eat lunch with a cheerleader , but i guess i can see why . 
 you 're prettier than the ones at our old school . '' 
 i heard christian shift next to me . 
 i did n't think his sister was supposed to disclose their private conversation out loud . 
 my pastiness began to grow pink , and my boyfriend did n't make a sound . 
 biting at the inside of my cheek , i held chloe 's stare . 
 she brushed her hair behind her ears , looking bored . 
 `` besides , he usually hangs out with smart chicks-like class presidents . '' 
 `` chloe ! '' 
 christian said through clenched teeth . 
 `` well , tessa is the junior class president , '' kira announced proudly and pointed at me . 
 `` really ? '' 
 chloe widened her dark eyes , looking sincerely impressed . 
 my stomach became further ill , and i did n't know why . 
 i had made sure to eat a balanced breakfast ! 
 still , chloe was bothering me . 
 i wanted her to go away , but i would never say that . 
 it would be rude . 
 `` my tessa is smart at everything , '' aiden said , his voice dripping with admiration . 
 i felt my fist unclench . 
 `` wow . '' 
 chloe held up her hands in apology . 
 `` that 's really cool . 
 i guess christian has n't gone as bat shit as i thought . '' 
 `` do n't you have somewhere to be ? '' 
 her brother asked her . 
 i looked next to me to see that his nostrils were flaring as he clenched his jaw . 
 `` no , christian . 
 i do n't . '' 
 they stared each other down , neither flinching away . 
 no one seemed to notice but me . 
 the rest of the squad came over to our table , and when leona returned , she gave aiden her corn dog . 
 she would never , and i repeat never , eat anything served on a stick . 
 my boyfriend looked ecstatic and munched on it like he was a five-year-old at a county fair . 
 when aiden leaned over to whisper in my ear , i had already begun contemplating if i wanted to spend time with the school nurse . 
 i was not fond of the way her floral perfume smelled . 
 i 'd rather just sign out and leave , but i wanted a second opinion about my gut . 
 it was highly unusual for me to feel this unwell . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 my boyfriend asked , kissing my cheek . 
 i did n't look at him . 
 `` i do n't feel very good right now . '' 
 his hand immediately went to the small of my back . 
 he brought his fingers to my chin and turned me toward him , looking me over with concern . 
 his green eyes were so sweet . 
 i did n't know what was going on with me . 
 `` let 's blow off the rest of the day . 
 i 'll take you home . '' 
 he smiled softly . 
 it was n't a terrible idea . 
 i only had one more class and then back-to-back study halls . 
 aiden was fairly caught up in chemistry . 
 i blinked a few times , and his face darkened more . 
 `` come on , '' he whispered , pulling me up . 
 my head was beginning to ache . 
 i felt dizzy , so i held on to aiden 's arm as i looked at my table . 
 the maroon and gray colors of all the cheer uniforms blended together in a school spirit haze . 
 i got a better grip on aiden and steadied myself . 
 `` we 're going to take off , '' he said to them . 
 `` tess is n't feeling well . '' 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 christian asked , clearly disappointed at my abrupt departure . 
 i just nodded . 
 `` it was nice meeting you , '' chloe said loudly to aiden . 
 `` uh , yeah ... you too . '' 
 i could tell by his pause that he forgot her name . 
 it made me feel a little better . 
 after a second , chloe looked at me and lifted her hand in a sarcastic wave . 
 `` feel better , prez . '' 
 `` wench , '' leona fake-coughed . 
 if i were n't about to throw up , i might have scolded leona for her language , but at the moment , i was just happy she noticed . 
 smitten kitten code was one thing , but out-and-out rudeness by the new girl was another . 
 christian saw my unease . 
 he mouthed the words `` i 'm sorry '' before aiden pulled me away . 
 i lowered my glance and felt a strong arm wrap around me as i hugged him . 
 he moved his cold palm to feel my forehead , then widened his eyes . 
 `` god , tess . 
 you 're burning up . '' 
 i stared at him , feeling faint . 
 something was wrong around here . 
 my kitten senses were meowing . 
 and i needed to figure out why . 
 i had a hundred-and-two-degree fever . 
 really ? 
 i had n't had a fever in years . 
 this would be silly if it were n't so uncomfortable . 
 i shifted on my living room couch , digging my toes into the chenille cushions . 
 `` are you going to throw up again ? '' 
 aiden asked , moving over . 
 his upper lip was curled in disgust , although i knew he was trying to look supportive . 
 `` no . 
 i think i 'm done . '' 
 `` thank god , '' he said under his breath . 
 `` do n't tease me . 
 i 'm sick . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 you want me to rub your feet ? '' 
 there was a devilish gleam in his eye as he looked over my body . 
 `` stop ! '' 
 but i laughed . 
 luckily , the wood-beamed ceiling had stopped spinning after i 'd thrown up . 
 small favors . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he leaned over and picked up my feet , setting them in his lap . 
 `` aiden , '' i whined , leaning my head back into the couch arm . 
 `` i ca n't fool around . 
 i 'm sick . '' 
 he rubbed at my heel , pressing firmly in just the right places . 
 `` it 's just that your skin is burning hot . 
 it 's kind of turning me on . '' 
 i giggled but then winced . 
 my head was effing killing me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said , leaning over to give my toes a quick kiss before moving them off of him . 
 he stood up and stretched his arms above his head , giving me a peek at his stomach . 
 i sighed . 
 aiden smiled and then came over to feel my head . 
 `` my poor baby , '' he murmured , bending down to kiss it tenderly . 
 `` do you want anything before i go to practice ? '' 
 i wanted a healthy body , but i was pretty sure aiden would only offer his own . 
 `` no , thanks , '' i answered with my eyes closed . 
 he ran his finger gently over my cheek before grabbing his car keys off the coffee table . 
 i listened as he walked through the kitchen to the front door . 
 after the screen door slammed closed , i lay there with only the hum of the refrigerator to keep me company . 
 regretting not asking for an aspirin , i let my headache pulsate until i drifted off . 
 `` tess ? '' 
 my eyes fluttered . 
 my mother was standing above me , her graying brown hair frizzy around her face . 
 her lips were pursed as she pressed her cool hand to my forehead . 
 `` honey , you have a fever . '' 
 the wrinkles around her brown eyes deepened as she furrowed her brow . 
 `` i 'm sick . 
 where were you ? '' 
 `` i just got back from setting up at the club for tonight . 
 daddy dropped me off , so he still has the car , but i can drive yours if you want to go to urgent care . '' 
 `` no , mom . 
 i think i just want to go to bed . '' 
 her face was filled with concern . 
 it was rare that i was this dull . 
 she pulled me up and held my arm as she led me through the house to my bedroom . 
 i lay down on my bed , uniform and all , and snuggled into my white comforter . 
 once i was comfortable , my mother came back with a glass of water and some tylenol . 
 soon , i drifted off again . 
 several times my cell phone rang , but i never moved . 
 my mother checked in one last time before she left for the show , but my fever had n't broken . 
 after i gave her a halfhearted wave , she finally left me alone to suffer in peace . 
 i tossed and turned all night , dreaming of aiden and then dreaming of chloe and her short skirts . 
 i even had an uncomfortably intimate nightmare about being locked in the computer lab with christian . 
 my forehead was covered in sweat when i woke up . 
 my body tingled . 
 i looked around my darkened room , trying to get my bearings . 
 it took me a minute to recognize my rosewood dresser , the half open closet door , and my hanging pom-pom collection . 
 the clock on my nightstand read that it was nearly midnight . 
 too late to call aiden . 
 even though i tried to relax , i could n't help but wonder what it was about christian 's sister that made me so uneasy . 
 she certainly was n't the first girl to eye aiden . 
 i mean , the boy attracted attention everywhere we went . 
 no . 
 what was bugging me was the way she 'd dismissed me . 
 like i did n't matter . 
 like i did n't matter to aiden . 
 dang it . 
 i looked back at my phone . 
 i picked it up and scrolled through the missed calls . 
 kira , leona , izzie , my mom-nothing from aiden . 
 i twitched my nose . 
 i dialed his number , and as aiden 's house line rang , i chewed on my lip . 
 please do n't let his mother answer . 
 she would n't - `` hello ? '' 
 jiminy crickets ! 
 his mother . 
 `` um , hi . 
 is aiden there ? '' 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 she sounded irritated . 
 `` how are you ? '' 
 i tried to be as sweet as possible , but i knew it did n't matter . 
 she had n't liked me since that first day aiden brought me home in uniform . 
 she tsked . 
 `` it 's late . 
 he 's sleeping . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i was sick and i missed his call ... '' i stopped . 
 she did n't care . 
 `` never mind . 
 i 'm sorry i called so late . '' 
 `` good night , tessa , '' she said abruptly and hung up . 
 my chest ached as i set the phone back on my table . 
 i did n't like not being liked . 
 especially when i knew it was so undeserved . 
 i loved her son . 
 i loved aiden more than anything - the phone rang . 
 i smiled as i reached out to pick it up . 
 `` hi , sweetie , '' i said , lying back and cradling the phone to my face . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 my stomach flipped , and i bolted upright , darting my gaze around my room . 
 it was n't aiden . 
 but it was a guy . 
 `` um , yeah . 
 who is this ? '' 
 `` i did n't mean to call so late . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , who is this ? '' 
 i looked again at the clock ; it was midnight ! 
 none of my friends would ever dream of calling me this late . 
 a kitten needed her beauty sleep . 
 `` it 's christian ... '' oh , my . '' 
 ... from history class . '' 
 i swallowed hard . 
 cinnamon toast crunch ! 
 why was he calling me ? 
 first he was in my dreams and now he was on my phone ? 
 `` how did you get my number ? '' 
 that might have been a little rude . 
 guilt crept over me . 
 `` i went to the attendance office and told them that i needed to bring you your assignments , so they gave it to me . 
 i hope you 're not mad , '' he said . 
 `` i just wanted to make sure you were okay . '' 
 he sounded really embarrassed . 
 he should be ! 
 new boys were n't allowed to find my number and then use it without asking me first ! 
 `` you really did n't need to call , '' i said , closing my eyes and trying to get my agitation under control . 
 being irritable was hardly becoming of a smitten kitten . 
 `` i also wanted to ask you about your notes , '' he said . 
 my pulse began to calm . 
 sure , it was midnight and that was an odd time to study , but if it was school-related , he could be forgiven . 
 `` what about them ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` they were great . 
 thanks for letting me borrow them . '' 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 aw . 
 that was really nice of him to say . 
 i appreciated polite people . 
 `` i was thinking i could come by and drop them off to you . '' 
 sticker shock ! 
 what was he thinking ? 
 `` it 's ... super-late . '' 
 i threw my legs over the side of the bed and eased them onto my carpet , confused and wondering if i 'd missed something . 
 why in the world would he think he could come to my house at any time , let alone in the middle of the night ? 
 the tension from my neck seemed to crawl up to my face and rest between my eyes . 
 `` right . 
 you 're right , i 'm sorry . 
 stupid idea . 
 i 'll just see you at school tomorrow . '' 
 i rubbed at my temple , calming down . 
 `` i think that 's probably better . 
 besides , i doubt your parents would appreciate you sneaking out this late . '' 
 aiden 's mother always hated when he did that . 
 `` yeah , i doubt my father would even notice if i was gone , '' he mumbled . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i was n't sure what to say to that . 
 it sounded tragic . 
 `` well , maybe your mom ... ? '' 
 `` nope , '' christian said briskly . 
 `` parents divorced . 
 i live with my dad now . 
 that 's why we moved . '' 
 suddenly , i felt awful for being so mean . 
 divorce ! 
 that was something i could understand . 
 `` i 'm so sorry to hear that . 
 if you want to talk about - '' `` not really , '' he snapped , cutting me off . 
 `` i 'll let you get some rest . 
 good night , tessa . 
 i hope you feel better . '' 
 `` thank - '' he hung up . 
 at first i did n't move , but then i crawled back into my bed and set my phone on my side table . 
 i stared at it . 
 that was a very disconcerting conversation . 
 i had half a mind to call him back and ask him about his parents . 
 maybe tell him about mine and why i understood . 
 i chewed on my lip and folded my hands under my cheek as i nestled into my pillow . 
 even though it was n't my fault that christian had called me , i still felt guilty for talking to another guy . 
 maybe it was the sos in me . 
 the inner sense of right and wrong . 
 or maybe i was just really , really disappointed that aiden had n't called . 
 there was another sharp pain in my head . 
 i pulled my blankets up to my chin and tried to think things over . 
 divorce explained a lot ... like chloe 's scowl , for example . 
 and i should n't really be mad about the notebook thing . 
 sure , it was presumptuous of him to think he could call , but maybe that was just his lame pickup attempt . 
 i could n't fault him for that . 
 not all guys knew how to properly woo a girl anymore . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 aiden had been pretty smooth at winning me over . 
 we were at a school assembly my freshman year , and he 'd had to give a speech about recycling . 
 instead , he got up on the stage in front of all of washington high , set up a flowchart , and listed `` the reasons tessa crimson should go out with me . '' 
 he had handouts and everything ! 
 yeah . 
 aiden was my guy . 
 he was my perfect , whipped cream boyfriend sundae . 
 sos stop order case : 044 client : becky roth subject : corey panchilla dear ms. roth : per your request , sos shall suspend the pending investigation of corey panchilla . 
 this is an official withdrawal from the case . 
 although we are pleased that you feel mr. panchilla `` would never do anything like that , '' we caution you against engaging in any unsafe practices that may compromise your well-being . 
 it is also our duty to inform you that mr. panchilla will not be able to be reinvestigated because of the laws of double jeopardy . 
 we trust that this report will remain confidential as some of the information contained within could compromise our top-secret status . 
 sos wishes you and mr. panchilla continued happiness and hopes that our services will not be needed in any of your future relationships . 
 have a great day . 
 chapter five `` uh ... '' i moaned from my bed , my stomach twisting in knots . 
 `` baby , '' aiden said , standing at the edge of my bed and resting his hands on the wrought iron frame . 
 `` you ca n't go to school like this . '' 
 `` i ca n't miss practice again , '' i mumbled , putting the pillow over my head to block out the sunlight streaming in my window . 
 `` and if i do n't go to school , i ca n't very well show up in the gymnasium at three thirty . '' 
 i wished aiden had n't pulled up my blinds . 
 my well-dusted furniture was highly reflective , and my room was filled with prisms . 
 they were making me dizzy . 
 my gut took a sharp turn . 
 `` good golly . '' 
 i sat up , dazed , nauseous . 
 `` i 'm going to be sick again . '' 
 aiden walked over , holding my elbow out to help me out of bed . 
 `` let 's try and make it to the bathroom this time , '' he said . 
 i 'd made it as far as the hallway twenty minutes ago . 
 my parents were setting up for a big show in seattle and would n't be back until monday , so aiden had to take care of my mess . 
 i bet when he showed up for breakfast , he had n't expected to find me in this condition . 
 in fact , i do n't think aiden had ever seen me sick , let alone cleaned my upchuck . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i whispered as i hung over the toilet . 
 i looked back to see aiden sitting on the edge of the tub , his elbows resting on the knees of his long nylon shorts . 
 `` you 're sick , tess . 
 nothing to be sorry about . '' 
 i felt a little better . 
 moving across the blue slate floor , i slid against the wall and looked at him . 
 he stared back at me and smiled softly , but something was bothering me . 
 `` why did n't you call me last night ? '' 
 i asked . 
 my eyelids felt heavy , and my fingers were trembling , but my gut was n't twisted anymore . 
 that was a vast improvement . 
 aiden furrowed his brow . 
 `` last night ? '' 
 i swallowed , feeling my throat burn , and rested my head against the cool wall . 
 `` yeah . 
 i was sick , and i called you , but you did n't call me back . '' 
 `` i did n't know you called . '' 
 aiden stood and walked over , climbing down onto the floor in front of me . 
 he reached out to rub my thigh . 
 `` i 'm sorry , baby , '' he said quietly . 
 `` figured you were sleeping . '' 
 i watched his eyes . 
 they looked honest , worried . 
 i had to remind myself that i was n't in sos mode . 
 i should n't be looking for signs of guilt , like twitching mouths or upturned eyes . 
 i exhaled and then got to my knees , trying to stand . 
 `` help me get dressed ? '' 
 `` tess , i 'm not taking you to school . 
 i 'm going to call your mom . '' 
 `` do n't ! 
 they 're probably sleeping at the hotel . '' 
 aiden took my hand , helping me to my feet . 
 then he put his arm around my waist and led me back to my room . 
 `` fine , i wo n't call her , but you have to get in bed . 
 now . '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i turned , putting my hands on his chest as i tried to make my way to my closet . 
 aiden chuckled , taking me by the wrists . 
 `` stop being so f ** king stubborn , tessa . '' 
 i shot him a look . 
 he rolled his eyes . 
 `` do n't be so effing stubborn . '' 
 `` better . '' 
 and i knew he was right . 
 there was no way i could function in an academic setting at this point . 
 i needed a day in bed . 
 chicken soup . 
 possibly a foot rub . 
 `` will you come over after school ? '' 
 i asked . 
 aiden smiled . 
 `` baby , '' he whispered , wrapping me up in his arms and burying his head in my hair . 
 `` i 'm not going without you . 
 i figured i could stay here and take care of you . '' 
 he kissed my ear softly , making a little growl . 
 it felt good . 
 even though i 'd been throwing up all morning , aiden had a way of still making me feel beautiful . 
 `` you need to go to class . '' 
 but i put my hands under his shirt against his hot skin , hugging him . 
 snuggling with aiden sounded like the best medicine ever . 
 but we could n't . 
 he was barely passing language arts as it was . 
 `` just come back at three . '' 
 `` of course i 'll come back , '' he murmured , gently nibbling my neck . 
 `` and you better not be sick anymore . 
 i have plans for this weekend . '' 
 i grinned , squeezing him a little tighter . 
 `` oh , yeah ? 
 what about your mom ? '' 
 i tilted my head up to give him better access to my skin . 
 `` do n't care . '' 
 he kissed my collarbone . 
 `` she wo n't let you sleep here . '' 
 `` that 's why she thinks me and darren are going camping , '' he said , mocking my tone . 
 i laughed . 
 `` i love camping . '' 
 i would have kissed him then , but ... i 'd just vomited . 
 instead , i moved back and looked up into his green eyes . 
 `` i love you , '' i said . 
 he winked . 
 `` i know you do , baby . '' 
 aiden patted my rear before he let me go and pulled back my sheets . 
 i got on the pillow-top mattress , curling up as he covered me . 
 he leaned down and kissed my forehead . 
 `` take care of that body for me , '' he said , smiling . 
 `` you can take care of it when you come back . '' 
 he straightened up and walked to the door . 
 `` oh , i will , '' he called over his shoulder . 
 `` do n't you worry about that . '' 
 i watched as he left , and when i heard his car start , worry was exactly what i tried hard not to do . 
 kira called me at lunchtime . 
 sos had obtained photographic proof of selena and paul . 
 the two had been meeting secretly in the cafeteria storage room . 
 in fact , they 'd been hooking up in there . 
 where our food was kept ! 
 now that was tacky . 
 and completely unsanitary . 
 on top of that , we 'd suspended corey panchilla 's investigation even though the stakeout had already been planned . 
 sometimes our clients got cold feet . 
 i did n't fault them for that , but it did make our job a little harder . 
 especially when leona had already bugged his place . 
 plus , we 'd gotten a new assignment . 
 it was a good thing i 'd let kira keep the society of smitten kittens ' phone yesterday . 
 i was in no shape to organize a mission . 
 she promised to meet with the girls after practice and give them the skinny . 
 kira was really improving . 
 last year , she was a pill . 
 totally boy crazy . 
 sort of easy . 
 but i let her join the squad because i could see her potential . 
 i was talented that way : seeing the good in people . 
 and after a few months , she was a total smitten kitten . 
 polite . 
 sweet . 
 great at herkies . 
 now if only i could find her a nice guy . 
 i 'd thought it was darren . 
 he was handsome , talented , and friends with aiden , who had even helped get them together . 
 but darren cheated , and i could n't understand why . 
 kira was a natural blonde . 
 who cheated on a natural blonde ? 
 that reminded me-i still did n't get how aiden had n't known about darren 's extracurricular activities . 
 i knew everything about my squad . 
 in fact , i even knew that izzie was menstruating this week ! 
 a quick flash of suspicion flooded me , but i pushed it away . 
 just because aiden had seen him talking to charlie meyers , did n't mean he knew they were messing around . 
 no . 
 aiden would never keep something like that from me . 
 sos was making me overly suspicious , and it was seriously warping my senses . 
 by the time aiden came over , i was feeling better . 
 not a 100 percent , but easily 95 . 
 he appreciated it . 
 he practically attacked me the minute he walked in . 
 he was so cute when he had to be away from me . 
 `` i 'm missing the uniform right about now , '' he said as he looked me over at the front door . 
 i laughed , dragging him by the t-shirt into the house . 
 `` i 'm not going to practice , remember ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' he said , stepping close to hug me tight . 
 `` but i like looking at your legs . '' 
 `` you need to calm down , wildcat . '' 
 he grinned , then stepped back . 
 `` i 'm sorry , baby . 
 you 're right . 
 i 'll behave . '' 
 he straightened up , looking very controlled . 
 and outrageously hot . 
 `` good , '' i said . 
 `` i like it when you behave . '' 
 aiden bit on his lip , staring into my eyes before reaching out to take me by the hand . 
 `` no , you do n't , tess . 
 no , you do n't . '' 
 my stomach fluttered . 
 he was right . 
 sos dear cathy hazard , thank you very much for your donation . 
 sos is a nonprofit organization , and your donations go directly to assisting others with their relationship needs by giving us the funding for the latest surveillance equipment . 
 we are especially grateful for your inclusion of photographs of you and your new college boyfriend . 
 it truly warms our hearts to see our clients happy . 
 once again , thank you for your generosity , and we wish you all the happiness in the world . 
 have a great day . 
 chapter six my pom-poms rustled adorably over my ribboned ponytail as the crowd quieted . 
 the gym was packed , and the smell of perspiration hung thick in the air . 
 the wildcats were winning at halftime . 
 i saved a very special basket toss for moments like this , mostly because up until this season , the team had rarely won . 
 `` we 've got the spirit ! '' 
 i called , backing up and stepping on kira 's thigh as i climbed the length of her body . 
 `` we 've got the soul ! '' 
 izzie pushed my elbow as i moved from one shoulder to the next , now three cheerleaders high . 
 `` let 's beat the beavers ! '' 
 leona hoisted me up so that my foot fit in her palm while i held my other sneaker close to my face . 
 the crowd was in awe . 
 `` what is our goal ? '' 
 `` playoffs ! '' 
 the crowd shouted back . 
 showtime . 
 i took a deep breath and with a boost from the squad , i twisted up in the air , shaking my pom-poms before crossing my arms over my chest and landing in the weave of arms . 
 phew . 
 that was a rush . 
 i was a little shaky as they stood me up . 
 the entire gymnasium was on its feet . 
 leona had set up the sign that my parents had made before they left near the scorer 's table . 
 it read , `` the wildcats are grrrrrreat ! '' 
 in maroon and gray puff paint . 
 they were so dedicated . 
 my sneakers squeaked as we crossed the wood floor back to the sidelines just as the buzzer sounded . 
 we plopped cross-legged on the floor , and the players trotted in from the locker room . 
 aiden winked at me as he ran past , and i felt little butterflies . 
 i loved him after a game . 
 all sweaty and panting . 
 my body tingled . 
 i could n't wait to get out of here . 
 `` psst . '' 
 i sat a little straighter on my rear . 
 `` hey , tessa , '' someone called from behind me . 
 i turned . 
 it was christian , just a few rows up , wearing a maroon wildcats t-shirt . 
 his sister was next to him in a black tube top , watching me with a bored expression . 
 i tried to smile politely . 
 `` hi , '' i said , not sure what other sort of greeting was appropriate . 
 `` you were great out there , '' christian said . 
 `` like ... amazing . 
 i 'm impressed . '' 
 oh , now that was just too sweet . 
 `` why , thank you , christian . 
 it 's awfully kind of you to say so . 
 was n't kira great , too ? '' 
 his attention was on the wrong kitten . 
 `` uh ... yeah , '' he said . 
 `` nice . '' 
 uncomfortable with his seemingly reluctant compliment for kira , i darted a glance to chloe . 
 she gave me a thumbs-up , but she did n't smile . 
 in fact , i think she was mocking me . 
 i turned around . 
 they made me uneasy . 
 very uneasy . 
 `` he said i was nice , '' kira quietly squealed from the floor next to me , rustling a pom-pom in her lap . 
 i nodded , trying to be enthusiastic . 
 `` he sure did . 
 you two are so strawberry smoothie . '' 
 she shrugged . 
 `` well , i think he might have a little crush on you ... '' she reached up to twist one of her curls as she looked down at her lap . 
 then she looked sideways at me and grinned . 
 `` but it 's not like he has a chance with you when aiden 's around . 
 and that boy sure is n't going anywhere . '' 
 `` nope , '' i said , glancing out over the court to where aiden was standing on the sidelines , talking to coach taylor . 
 `` my boyfriend is total elmer 's glue . '' 
 `` definitely . '' 
 she winked and then turned to look where christian was sitting and waved to him . 
 i did n't see if he responded , but by kira 's little clap and giggle , i assumed he had . 
 still , i did n't feel that christian had been nearly enthusiastic enough about kira 's cheer . 
 i was going to have to use sos tactics to find out his deal . 
 and then find out how to get kira shuffled in his deck . 
 `` honey , '' my mother yelled from the front door on sunday night . 
 yay ! 
 they were home . 
 i left my calculus book open on my bed and jogged out of my room into the brightly lit kitchen , happy my parents were back . 
 `` hi , '' i said , kissing her cheek and reaching out to take her carry-on bag off her shoulder . 
 `` where 's daddy ? '' 
 `` oh , he 's getting the suitcases . '' 
 she smoothed my hair back toward my ponytail . 
 `` you here alone ? '' 
 she looked past me into the living room as she set her keys on the granite counter . 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` no aiden ? '' 
 she frowned . 
 `` he left earlier . 
 some basketball stuff . '' 
 `` oh , darn . '' 
 she snapped her fingers . 
 `` we brought him some gifts from seattle . 
 we saw a basketball game and bought him a t-shirt . '' 
 i smiled . 
 my parents were so good to him . 
 `` he 'll be back for dinner , '' i said . 
 `` i did n't think you guys were coming in until monday morning . '' 
 although aiden really liked my parents , he 'd certainly be disappointed that we could n't finish what we 'd started this morning . 
 oh , well . 
 we had the rest of our lives to love each other . 
 `` there 's my girl , '' my father called as he walked in the door , dragging two huge suitcases behind him , his glasses wet with sprinkles of rain . 
 `` daddy ! '' 
 i trotted over and hugged him . 
 `` i got you presents . '' 
 he grinned , taking off his eyewear to dry it on his shirt . 
 `` you guys know you do n't have to get me something every time you leave . 
 i 'm not five anymore . '' 
 my father pretended to pout as he put his glasses back on . 
 i shook my head at him . 
 it was hard to remember the times when we were n't like this . 
 when i was in junior high , my parents had split up . 
 in fact , they 'd gotten divorced . 
 i swallowed hard just thinking about it . 
 luckily , they made up and moved back in together . 
 i had the most happily unmarried parents in the world . 
 `` fine , '' my father said , lifting his chin . 
 `` if you do n't want it - '' `` i did n't say i did n't want it . '' 
 i laughed and took one of the suitcases from him , wheeling it into the kitchen next to my mother . 
 my father pecked her on the lips as he passed . 
 `` we sold out the club , tess , '' my mother said , stepping behind the counter slab to look through the stack of mail . 
 `` sold out the whole place . 
 they booked us again for the end of the month . '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 i sat down at the kitchen table . 
 `` things are really taking off . '' 
 after twenty years of playing together , my parents had finally begun to see the success they had wanted-no more private lessons to make ends meet . 
 it was nice to know that things could work out . 
 in all that time , they 'd only quit playing once . 
 when they were divorced . 
 shifting uncomfortably at the table , i began to pick at the linen tablecloth . 
 their divorce was n't something i liked to think about . 
 it was one of the few things i could n't see the bright side of . 
 i had been in seventh grade when it happened . 
 up until then , i 'd always thought my parents were happy . 
 but then one day , my dad moved out . 
 it was awful . 
 the house felt so empty without him here-without the sounds of his saxophone . 
 my mom began crying a lot . 
 she dropped her music students and spent all of her time writing really sad love songs . 
 some of which have now become their most requested sets . 
 when i started splitting my time between my house and my dad 's downtown apartment , i found that my parents still had something in common . 
 me . 
 so i tried to make them proud and keep them both positive . 
 i led by example . 
 aced my tests , joined cheerleading , and most importantly , i was upbeat . 
 shiny . 
 it seemed to work . 
 they both got really into my cheerleading , going to all the games and events , and soon , they were sitting in the bleachers together , sharing a box of popcorn . 
 after a year of being apart , my dad moved back in . 
 and even though they never technically remarried , they were happy . 
 we all were . 
 my dad came over and pulled out the wooden chair next to me . 
 i dropped my hands into my lap and looked over at him . 
 he took off his glasses to rub at his eyes and then put them back on . 
 he smiled at me . 
 `` hey , maybe you and aiden can come with us next time . 
 i know you two like to watch us play . 
 it might be nice to take a weekend trip together . '' 
 `` that 's a great idea , '' my mother said excitedly from the sink . 
 she walked over to pull a cup out of the white cabinet and filled it with ice from the freezer . 
 `` seattle is so beautiful at night ! '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` i 'm sure aiden would love to go . 
 he has fun at the shows . '' 
 `` great , '' my mom said , filling her glass with water . 
 `` we 'll ask him tonight . '' 
 it was nice how perfectly aiden fit in with my family . 
 and yet i still had the nagging suspicion that i was missing something . 
 it was seven fifteen , the pasta was on the table , and no aiden . 
 my parents sat patiently , waiting to eat . 
 the rooms smelled like garlic bread , and my father was practically drooling . 
 `` did you call him ? '' 
 he asked , smoothing out the napkin on his lap . 
 `` yep . 
 his mom said he was n't home . '' 
 my boyfriend did n't own a cell phone , and usually he did n't need one . 
 i was always with him . 
 `` i 'm sure he 'll be here soon , '' my mother reassured me , patting my hand . 
 she looked at my father . 
 `` have some salad . '' 
 she pushed the yellow ceramic bowl , overflowing with romaine , in his direction . 
 my father scrunched his nose and took a sip of his iced tea instead . 
 the house phone rang out , startling me . 
 i jumped up , bumping the table with my thigh , nearly knocking over my glass . 
 i apologized before dashing to the phone and snatching it off the counter . 
 `` aiden ? '' 
 i asked , rubbing my leg . 
 `` sorry , baby . '' 
 he was breathing heavily . 
 `` we just finished some drills and shit . '' 
 i tsked . 
 `` stuff , '' he corrected . 
 `` what happened ? 
 we 've been waiting for you . '' 
 i sounded whiny , but i 'd missed him . 
 `` i know . 
 i ca n't make it , tess . 
 some things have come up . '' 
 my heart rate sped up . 
 `` things ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 just basketball stuff . 
 you want me to come by after ? 
 i could tuck you in ... '' his voice got low and sexy , like he was whispering . 
 i could hear the squeaking of sneakers on hardwood in the background . 
 he was still with the team . 
 `` my parents came home , '' i said offhandedly because i knew they were listening . 
 `` already ? 
 shit . '' 
 `` aiden . '' 
 `` sugar . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` you go play with your friends , '' i said . 
 `` but pick me up for school ? '' 
 `` of course , baby . '' 
 i heard the phone shift . 
 `` i miss you , '' he breathed . 
 `` i had a fun weekend . '' 
 my body tingled , and i was glad my parents were behind me because my face was on fire . 
 `` me too . '' 
 `` like a lot of fun , '' aiden said . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` i love you , tess . '' 
 `` i love you too . '' 
 we hung up , and i took a deep breath before turning around . 
 my parents were both staring at me , concerned looks on their faces . 
 `` no aiden ? '' 
 my mom asked . 
 `` nope . 
 basketball . '' 
 `` well , that 's all right , '' my dad said . 
 `` he needs to practice . 
 aiden has a good work ethic . '' 
 i nodded , but i was depressed as i plopped down in my kitchen chair . 
 `` can you pass the salad ? '' 
 i asked in a quiet voice . 
 my mother watched me but did n't say anything . 
 instead , she put some greens on my plate as i set my napkin on my lap . 
 monday morning , kira was waiting for me in the hall outside of history . 
 she looked excited . 
 she started hopping the minute i came into view . 
 `` tessa , '' she called , waving to me . 
 it was sort of silly . 
 i was only a few lockers away . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i asked , looking around at our fellow students , all of whom were staring at us . 
 and not because we were shaking our pom-poms either . 
 she put her hand on my elbow and led me into the class . 
 `` it 's the new boy . 
 he 's been asking everyone about the smitten kittens . 
 like full-on background checking . '' 
 my belly did a somersault . 
 i faced her . 
 she was ecstatic at the news , but i did n't think she realized how bad it could be if christian dug a little too deep . 
 `` do n't get your curls twisted , k . 
 we do n't want him knowing everything . '' 
 she tilted her head like she did n't understand and then widened her big blue eyes . 
 `` oh , right ! 
 well , from what i 've heard '' - she got close to whisper - `` it 's more about our dating lives than our spying lives . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i twitched my nose . 
 in a way , that made me even more uncomfortable . 
 `` what did he want to know ? '' 
 `` dating stats , ex-boyfriends , class schedules-all sorts of stuff . '' 
 she paused and adjusted the charm on her necklace . 
 `` especially about you , '' she said . 
 i watched her , not really sure what to say . 
 i knew kira had a crush on christian , and i was 100 percent behind their soon-to-be relationship . 
 but i could n't help if he 'd asked about me . 
 still , i felt guilty . 
 `` sorry , '' i said . 
 kira looked over at me and shook her head . 
 `` no bigs , tess . 
 he 's a total pup . 
 he just needs to be trained . 
 like aiden . '' 
 she smiled , deepening her dimples , then winked before spinning on her heels and walking through the classroom . 
 she plopped down at our table , leaving me still standing in my flip-flops , sort of stunned . 
 i 'd thought christian understood the situation . 
 i was with aiden , and i certainly was n't available . 
 now , kira , she was totally available . 
 and willing . 
 maybe - someone cleared their throat behind me . 
 i blinked quickly and turned . 
 oh , my . 
 `` i brought your notebook , '' christian said , glancing at my feet . 
 i followed his eyes . 
 red nail polish was smeared across my toes . 
 it made me think about my weekend with aiden . 
 `` and i 'm really sorry about calling you ... '' `` tess , '' kira whispered from our table . 
 i looked over , and she held up the cell and waved it at me . 
 gingersnaps ! 
 another assignment . 
 i had n't even gotten the rundown on the last one . 
 it seemed like they were coming nonstop lately . 
 sos was a full-time job . 
 i looked up at christian . 
 poor thing , he was still trying to apologize for getting my phone number . 
 i should let him down easy . 
 `` excuse me , christian ? '' 
 i said in my sweetest voice . 
 i 'd hate for him to think i was rude . 
 `` i 'm sorry to interrupt , but i really have to sit down and sort out my things for class . '' 
 his eyes widened . 
 `` sure . 
 sorry . '' 
 he motioned forward with his hands . 
 `` no worries , '' i said . 
 `` maybe i 'll see you at lunch or something . '' 
 there was a pang in my belly . 
 suddenly his sister 's scowl popped in my head . 
 i wondered if it was just because she was sour at her parents ' divorce and switching schools . 
 or-i bit the inside of my cheek-maybe it was because she was interested in aiden . 
 she would n't be the first girl . 
 luckily my guy did n't notice silly things like that . 
 i swallowed hard . 
 `` lunch would be great , '' christian said , beaming and brushing a lock of his hair behind his ear . 
 uh-oh . 
 i was n't really inviting him . 
 i 'd better not do any more damage . 
 i twirled and walked to my table , sitting down in my seat . 
 pulling my bag into my lap , i grabbed out my history book as i looked over kira 's shoulder at the cell phone screen . 
 wait . 
 i turned . 
 christian was at the end of our table , smiling . 
 i raised my eyebrow . 
 he stared back for a minute . 
 `` right , '' he said , holding up his finger like he 'd forgotten to tell me something . 
 `` i ... '' he laughed to himself and shook his head . 
 `` never mind . 
 see you girls later . '' 
 i watched him walk away , feeling a little uncomfortable , and then looked sideways at kira . 
 she stared down , tapping her fingernails on the table . 
 `` my word , '' she whispered , shaking her head . 
 `` looks like i have a lot of work to do with that one . '' 
 i laughed as she turned around in her seat to smile and wave at christian . 
 kira was excellent at keeping a positive attitude . 
 even though darren had just cheated on her a few days ago , she was already picking herself back up and moving on . 
 it was brave , really . 
 i was impressed with her tenacity . 
 `` so how did the last assignment meeting go ? '' 
 i asked when she 'd settled down . 
 `` shit ! 
 i forgot . '' 
 she slapped her hand on the table . 
 `` kira , language ! '' 
 `` sorry , tess . 
 it just slipped out . '' 
 it was n't like i was the purest soul on earth , but there was something to be said for old-fashioned manners . 
 and cussing like a sailor was unbecoming of a smitten kitten . 
 we were supposed to lead by example . 
 `` so no meeting ? '' 
 i asked . 
 i should 've just come to school on friday . 
 the girls of washington needed me . 
 sos needed a strong leader , and lately , i 'd been failing . 
 `` i got sort of sidetracked , '' she said apologetically . 
 i exhaled . 
 `` by what ? '' 
 `` um ... '' her eyes wandered around the room . 
 mr. powell got up , walking to the podium , and opened his oversized teacher 's book . 
 i plucked the phone out of kira 's hands . 
 `` never mind , '' i whispered . 
 `` we 'll talk about it later . '' 
 the bell rang , and i quickly scrolled through the sos message . 
 911 ! 
 i think my bf , marcus billings , is cheating ! 
 i ca n't catch him , and i 've been told sos is the best . 
 if that bastard hooked up wl someone else , i will be so pissed blc we had sex for the first time this wknd . 
 thx , cassandra i cringed . 
 sometimes tmi was a given . 
 i handed the phone to kira and let her read . 
 `` ew , '' she said , looking at me with her lip curled . 
 `` too much information . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 mr. powell cleared his throat and told us to open our books to page ninety-six . 
 kira leaned over to whisper to me , `` so when do you want to start this assignment ? '' 
 `` i ca n't tonight , '' i said . 
 `` i 'm going to aiden 's for dinner . 
 his mother is demanding it . '' 
 my stomach turned . 
 she did this every few months , mostly to scare me away . 
 but it never worked . 
 i had some very sharp claws for a kitten , and they were firmly planted in her son 's backside . 
 `` sorry for you , '' kira said , pretending to gag . 
 she was so sweet . 
 `` but this weekend , '' i said . 
 `` we need to catch up on these assignments . 
 we 're falling behind . '' 
 `` i know , tess , '' she groaned . 
 `` but there are just so many . 
 i mean , darren told me that part of the reason he cheated with charlie was because i was never around . '' 
 `` wait , '' i whispered forcefully as i touched her arm . 
 `` when did you talk to darren ? '' 
 oh , kira . 
 she bit her lip . 
 `` late friday night . '' 
 `` gross , k. breakup sex ? 
 you 're so above that . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 her shoulders slumped . 
 it hurt my heart to see her sad , so i gave her a quick hug . 
 when i pulled back , i furrowed my brow . 
 `` but why darren when you 're trying for christian ? '' 
 i 'd hate to think of kira going back to her old ways . 
 we 'd worked so hard to restore her rep ! 
 she shrugged . 
 `` it just happened . 
 darren sent me a text message , so i called him and ... gosh , tess . 
 i feel awful . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' i said , squeezing her hand . 
 `` if anything ever happened with aiden , i would totally still go after him too . '' 
 my stomach turned . 
 i 'd never thought of anything happening to me and aiden before . 
 i straightened my posture and turned on the captain voice . 
 `` just be careful , k . 
 you 're more than a piece of tail . 
 smitten kitten slogan . '' 
 she nodded . 
 i 'd really hoped she 'd get together with christian , but now i was n't sure it was such a good idea . 
 not when she was obviously still lusting after darren . 
 hm . 
 maybe i should talk to aiden . 
 have him see what darren 's intentions were . 
 the sos phone vibrated again . 
 my mouth fell open , and kira met my stare . 
 `` another one , '' she whispered , her dimples deepening with worry . 
 `` do n't respond . 
 we 're getting seriously dunked on over here . '' 
 kira leaned back and touched her chest , staring at me . 
 `` but ... you 've never purposely not responded to a message . '' 
 she was right . 
 what was i thinking ? 
 `` okay , '' i whispered . 
 `` check it , then schedule an emergency sos meeting for tonight . 
 we 'll meet up after my dinner . '' 
 that was if i made it out of aiden 's house alive . 
 `` can you message the other girls and let them know ? '' 
 `` on it , tess . '' 
 she held the phone under the table out of mr. powell 's view and began texting . 
 kira loved when i trusted her with top-secret communications . 
 and even though she messed up the last briefing , i still believed in her . 
 one day , i might even let her lead a practice or two . 
 she 'd been trying so hard . 
 after she put the phone back in her purse , she twirled the gum from her mouth around her finger , staring vacantly ahead . 
 it was easy to see why she always got the attention of the boys at washington high . 
 she was very orally fixated . 
 i felt a tingle on the back of my ponytailed neck . 
 blinking quickly , i turned around . 
 christian sat up straight as my eyes met his . 
 he beamed . 
 i tried to smile politely , then swung to face front . 
 he was making me self-conscious , but i was n't sure why . 
 i just had the sneaking suspicion that i needed to keep my distance from him . 
 oh , applesauce ! 
 i 'd have to start after our lunch date . 
 veggie burgers . 
 sigh . 
 although i appreciated our school 's attempt to promote the vegetarian society , i would have been more appreciative if it tasted even remotely like a burger . 
 besides , it was served with tater tots . 
 i was n't sure what food group they fell under . 
 `` so tessa , '' chloe asked from across the table , tucking her bra strap under the fabric of her tank top . 
 `` how long have you been a cheerleader ? '' 
 i had hoped when christian joined us , he 'd ask his sister to go to another table , and he did . 
 only she refused . 
 and took the seat directly across from aiden . 
 i had my eye on her . 
 and i did n't want to answer her question . 
 i did n't start cheering until seventh grade , the month my dad moved out . 
 in fact , i was a late bloomer . 
 most of the former squad captains had cheered since pop warner . 
 kira spoke for me . 
 `` tessa was born in the skirt . 
 she 's a natural-born leader . 
 pure sex kitten . '' 
 chloe choked on her milk . 
 i straightened up . 
 `` it 's smitten - '' `` holy shit . '' 
 chloe laughed in her low , gravelly tone . 
 `` did you just say sex kitten ? '' 
 i clenched my jaw . 
 `` yeah , '' aiden said , leaning toward her . 
 `` it 's a pretty funny story . 
 everyone calls them that because a few years ago , the ducks came to town to play us and the point guard found the squad irresistible-especially tessa . '' 
 he turned to me and winked . 
 `` so , since they cheer for the wildcats , he started calling them the sex kittens . 
 the name sort of stuck . '' 
 `` ew , it came from my old school ? '' 
 she laughed and then looked at me . 
 `` you know that name is completely offensive , right ? '' 
 my jaw was beginning to hurt . 
 `` yeah , '' leona said from the end of the table . 
 `` if i was here then , i would have kneed that duck in the balls . '' 
 `` inappropriate , '' i whispered . 
 `` that 's the thing . '' 
 aiden laughed and turned back to chloe . 
 `` tessa said if she did n't let it bother her , it took away the ducks ' power . 
 that was from oprah . 
 right , baby ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` so she took their power . 
 and i do n't know if you 've ever seen one of our games , but when the ducks are here , it 's pure entertainment . 
 as soon as the girls stand up on the sidelines , their starting five have all sprung hard-ons . '' 
 `` aiden , '' i said , slapping his leg . 
 there was no need to talk like that . 
 especially in public . 
 dressed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , tess . 
 i just think it 's hilarious when any guy thinks he has a chance with you . '' 
 he grinned mischievously . 
 christian coughed and shifted in the seat next to me . 
 my face tingled . 
 was aiden acting possessive ? 
 i 'd never heard him say anything like that before . 
 `` do n't be mad , '' he whispered , looking over at me . 
 `` i 'll be a good boy . '' 
 he licked his lips , taunting me . 
 daring me to be mad at him . 
 not possible . 
 `` and how long have you lovebirds been together ? '' 
 chloe asked , sounding annoyed . 
 my eyes darted to her . 
 i did n't like her tone . 
 `` two years , '' aiden said , leaning over to kiss my arm and look up at me devilishly . 
 i could see his hands slowly inching down his thighs toward me . 
 he was so naughty . 
 `` stop , '' i mouthed to him . 
 he made a face , scrunching his nose . 
 then he pulled up , kissed my cheek , and went back to his veggie burger . 
 `` that 's a long time to date , '' chloe said , looking down and picking through her lunch tray . 
 `` you must be so sick of each other . '' 
 she glanced up at my boyfriend . 
 and smiled . 
 i gasped . 
 kira dropped her spork . 
 `` chloe ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` that is not a nice thing to say . 
 are you effing with tessa ? '' 
 finally . 
 the voice of reason . 
 and it belonged to kira . 
 go figure . 
 chloe looked around innocently , touching dramatically at her throat . 
 `` god , no . 
 i 'd never f ** k with a sex kitten . 
 you guys are obviously badass . '' 
 okay . 
 my heart was racing . 
 i did n't fight and i did n't swear , but i would raise my voice if i had to . 
 `` goodbye , chloe , '' christian said forcefully . 
 i did n't look at him ; i had his sister 's brown-eyed glare locked in my own . 
 she was right about one thing . 
 nobody effed with a smitten kitten . 
 `` whatever , '' she said , standing up and pushing her tray to the center of the table . 
 her attitude needed to be seriously adjusted . 
 in fact , her overall personality needed a makeover . 
 she narrowed her eyes at me . 
 `` see you around , prez . '' 
 my lip curled for a split second , but i caught it . 
 i would n't have wanted anyone to know she 'd gotten to me . 
 i batted my eyelashes at her and smiled . 
 `` have a nice day . '' 
 chloe flinched like she 'd been slapped . 
 take that . 
 she thought she 'd break me . 
 fat chance . 
 i was a tougher cookie than i appeared . 
 it would take a lot more than a crude word to get me to stoop to her level . 
 `` goodbye , aiden , '' she said sweetly to him , reaching out to touch his arm when she walked by him . 
 my . 
 blood . 
 boiled . 
 i dropped my head , taking a deep breath before looking back up at the table . 
 no one saw my temporary loss of perkiness . 
 but when i shot a sideways glance at my boyfriend , he was rubbing his arm . 
 the spot where he 'd been touched . 
 there was a dull ache i could n't identify . 
 cap'n crunch ! 
 was it doubt ? 
 i felt a hand on my back . 
 i swung around . 
 `` i 'm really sorry , '' christian said quietly , squatting down behind me . 
 `` my sister can be a real bitch - '' i rolled my eyes . 
 come on with these cussers ! 
 `` brat , '' he said quickly . 
 `` she 's a real brat sometimes . 
 i 'll talk to her . 
 make her apologize . '' 
 `` thank you , christian , '' i said cordially , not unaware that his fingers were massaging my vertebrae . 
 i looked nervously at aiden , but he was staring down at the table , still rubbing his bicep . 
 i swallowed hard and stiffened my back , waiting for christian to unhand me . 
 he did n't move . 
 `` let 's go , '' aiden said to the entire table just as the bell rang . 
 he was up and staring down at christian and me before the ringing had even stopped . 
 he did n't look jealous . 
 he looked fine . 
 i blinked quickly . 
 maybe he should be a little jealous . 
 `` nice seeing you again , chris , '' aiden said , grabbing my backpack off the cafeteria floor . 
 i stood , letting christian 's hand fall from my body . 
 my fingers were trembling from the altercation with chloe . 
 coupled with christian 's need to touch me , this had been a very odd lunch . 
 `` yeah , you too , '' christian said , eyeing my boyfriend . 
 i slid my hand into aiden 's as we began to weave through the tables on our way to the hall . 
 `` by the way , it 's christian , '' christian called from behind us . 
 `` right . 
 sorry , '' aiden replied , but did n't turn around . 
 i smiled . 
 maybe he was jealous . 
 i held his hand a little tighter . 
 sos intent to investigate case : 045 client : mandy morgan subject : travis murray this is the sos official notice of intent to investigate travis murray . 
 the client has accused mr. murray of `` stepping out with his ex . '' 
 it is unclear whether the subject had terminated his previous relationship or `` gone back for seconds . '' 
 the investigation will begin in 48 hours . 
 if you wish to cancel this investigation , please text a stop work order to 555-0101 . 
 stop orders must be placed within 24 hours of this written notification . 
 we trust that this notice will remain confidential as some of the information contained within could compromise our top-secret status . 
 thank you for thinking of sos , and we truly hope that our investigation ends with positive results . 
 have a great day . 
 chapter seven i should have enjoyed going to aiden 's house . 
 it was really nice . 
 an old craftsman with intricate woodwork and oriental rugs , filled to the beams with beautiful furniture from around the world . 
 it was also , however , filled with his mother 's scorn for me . 
 `` how 's cheerleading going ? '' 
 she asked . 
 her green eyes , creased at the corners , were boring into my face . 
 `` very well . 
 thank you for asking . '' 
 i smiled at her and then looked across the table at aiden . 
 he was avoiding her , rolling pasta onto his fork . 
 i wished i could avoid the conversation too . 
 `` that 's nice , '' she said . 
 it sounded forced . 
 she hated me . 
 `` and your grades ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` tessa 's on the honor roll again , '' aiden said . 
 aw . 
 i loved it when he was proud of me . 
 i gazed lovingly at him . 
 his mother did n't seem as appreciative . 
 `` well , '' she said , sucking on her teeth . 
 `` maybe if you two spent less time together , you 'd be on the honor roll too , aiden . '' 
 there was a hiss in my throat , but i forced it down with a sip of water . 
 aiden did n't need to be on the honor roll . 
 he was a great athlete and a total sweetheart . 
 studying just was n't his thing . 
 she did n't adore his adorableness as much as i did . 
 `` tessa , '' his mother said sternly from the head of the table . 
 `` are your parents at all concerned with the amount of time you two spend together ? 
 and the late nights ? '' 
 it was the last part she really did n't like . 
 her eyes narrowed on mine . 
 `` uh , not really , '' i said honestly . 
 `` my parents love aiden , and they trust him . '' 
 mrs. wilder set down her fork with a clank and took a deep breath . 
 here it comes . 
 `` look , tessa , '' she said in fake sweetness . 
 `` i think you 're a really nice girl , i do . 
 but i just do n't think it 's healthy for two teenagers to be together as much as you and my son are . 
 you guys really need a break from each other . '' 
 even though i knew she 'd say it-again-my face stung . 
 i was a nice girl -lrb- i was glad she 'd noticed -rrb- , but aiden and i were far from unhealthy . 
 we loved each other . 
 healthily ! 
 `` mom , '' aiden pleaded , tossing his napkin on the table . 
 she glared at him . 
 he got quiet , and i closed my eyes . 
 sometimes i just wanted him to speak up . 
 `` you really want to go away to college in such a serious relationship ? 
 without ever having dated anyone else ? '' 
 she asked , looking at him angrily . 
 i clenched my fists under the table . 
 that was not okay . 
 aiden did n't need to date anyone else . 
 he did n't even need to consider dating anyone else . 
 `` please , just stop . '' 
 aiden dropped his head in his hands as his elbows rested on the table . 
 he hated fighting with his mother . 
 she exhaled . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she said , although i knew she was n't . 
 `` it 's just ... i married my high school sweetheart and look how that turned out . '' 
 aiden shifted uncomfortably . 
 `` i just want something better for you , aiden . 
 you have a real chance to make a great life for yourself . 
 you 're a tremendous athlete . 
 you should be focused on school and basketball . 
 i think tessa has been a huge distraction for you . '' 
 i stood up and folded my napkin neatly , setting it next to my nearly untouched plate . 
 there was only so much i could handle without losing my stuffing . 
 `` aiden , '' i interrupted . 
 `` i 'd like to go home . 
 can you please bring me ? '' 
 shoot . 
 i should have driven myself . 
 aiden pushed back in his seat with a loud scrape and gave his mother a disappointed expression . 
 she looked down in her lap . 
 she 'd lost this argument . 
 `` i 'll see you at the game , tessa , '' she said , not looking at me . 
 `` thanks for dinner , '' i whispered , unable to lift my head . 
 my chest hurt . 
 i wanted her to like me . 
 i really did . 
 especially since i loved her son so very much . 
 but ... she did n't . 
 and there was nothing i could do about it . 
 i nodded and walked to the door . 
 aiden whispered something to his mother , but i did n't catch it . 
 he would n't go home tonight . 
 she knew that . 
 and that was about as rebellious as he got . 
 tomorrow he 'd be back here and they 'd get along until the next time we had dinner together . 
 it was a vicious cycle of passive aggressiveness . 
 aiden met me at the door , looking down into my face . 
 my cheeks were burning with humiliation and sadness . 
 i sniffled . 
 his eyes weakened . 
 `` come on , baby , '' he said , opening the front door for me . 
 he put his hand on my shoulder and led me out . 
 the night was cold , and i shivered against it . 
 when we paused at his car , aiden reached out and completely wrapped me up in his arms . 
 he kissed my mouth forcefully , taking my breath away . 
 when he moved back , i was gasping and feeling decidedly better . 
 `` well , that was nice , '' i said , trying to smile at him . 
 `` i love you , '' he said seriously , as if i were arguing that he did n't . 
 `` i love you so f ** king much . '' 
 my bottom lip jutted out . 
 aiden looked like he was going to cry , and i 'd never let him cry . 
 i nodded . 
 `` i know you do . '' 
 `` there 's no break . 
 do n't listen to that bullshit . 
 it 's not going to happen . '' 
 i raised my eyebrow at his language but did n't say anything . 
 when he was like this , he was allowed a bad word or two . 
 his mother was a real b-i-t-c-h sometimes . 
 but my sweetie still looked distressed . 
 i knew it was because his mother had brought up his father . 
 aiden was really sensitive about that . 
 and who would n't be ? 
 his dad had left them when aiden was twelve . 
 he never called , never wrote , nothing . 
 how anyone could forget about aiden was a crossword puzzle to me . 
 `` tell me no break , '' he whispered , kissing me with his eyes open . 
 i reached up and swept his hair away from his face . 
 `` you 're not going to shake me , point guard . 
 i play man-to-man defense . '' 
 he grinned . 
 he thought it was so cute when i talked basketball . 
 aiden bent down and kissed my neck softly . 
 `` i 'm sleeping at your house tonight , '' he mumbled into my skin . 
 `` i figured as much , '' i said , biting my lip . 
 my hands slid down to his waist . 
 `` and we 're going into overtime tonight , baby . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` let 's get out of here , '' i said , moving back . 
 `` your mom 's probably watching out the window . '' 
 i glanced over , and she totally was . 
 ew ! 
 we got into aiden 's jetta , leaving for my house . 
 i pushed his mother 's dirty looks from my mind and imagined next year . 
 aiden away at washington state and me still cheering with the smitten kittens . 
 we 'd be apart , but we 'd work it out-we belonged together . 
 we were apple pie a la love . 
 `` she brought up his dad ? '' 
 kira asked over the phone , sounding completely sorry for aiden . 
 i shifted the receiver to my other ear , listening for aiden , who was taking a shower in the hall bathroom . 
 `` i know , '' i said to kira , walking over to my mirror to check my lip gloss . 
 `` i felt awful for him . 
 just because his dad is a complete jerk does n't mean that all relationships are doomed to fail . 
 that woman seriously needs some sunshine in her life . '' 
 `` or maybe prozac , '' kira said . 
 i grinned and stepped over to my bed , dropping down and sinking into the pillows . 
 `` sorry about canceling the meeting . 
 you sure you guys do n't mind waiting until tomorrow ? '' 
 i hated blowing them off , but aiden was here . 
 there was no way for me to sneak out with him in my bed . 
 `` no bigs , '' kira said . 
 `` but we have some pending assignments . 
 travis murray is accused of hooking up with his ex-girlfriend , or at least , i think she 's his ex . 
 either way , it 's going to be a busy week . '' 
 i sighed . 
 `` i know . 
 and thanks for listening , k . 
 about aiden 's mom and all . 
 she really messed with my head tonight . 
 i wished aiden lived here with me ; it 'd be so much easier . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm sure you 'd take good care of him . '' 
 kira giggled . 
 `` be quiet . '' 
 but i was smiling . 
 she 'd done one heck of a great cheer-up job tonight . 
 the shower in the bathroom turned off with a squeak . 
 `` you and aiden are like romeo and juliet , '' kira said dreamily . 
 `` it 's like star-crossed lovers and - '' i furrowed my brow . 
 `` k , romeo and juliet killed themselves . '' 
 she gasped . 
 `` oh , my word ! 
 they did ? 
 that is so tragic ! '' 
 i held back my laugh . 
 `` hey , '' i whispered . 
 `` aiden 's out of the shower . 
 i 'll talk to you in school tomorrow . '' 
 `` night , tess . 
 give aiden a big , sloppy kiss for me . '' 
 she giggled . 
 `` yeah , '' i said . 
 `` probably not sloppy , though . '' 
 because that would be gross . 
 i hung up and set the phone on my side table just as my bedroom door opened . 
 i sat up , admiring aiden 's lean , wet body draped in just a towel . 
 he noticed . 
 `` hey , '' he said , leaning against the door frame , rubbing another towel in his hair . 
 as i watched him , he wiggled his eyebrows and tossed the wet cloth at me . 
 it bounced off my shoulder , and i laughed . 
 `` hi . '' 
 `` who were you talking to ? '' 
 he licked his lip , readjusting the towel around his waist . 
 `` kira . '' 
 `` what 's up with her ? '' 
 my insides were complete pudding right now . 
 `` she wanted me to give you a big , sloppy kiss . '' 
 `` sloppy , even ? 
 that sounds sort of hot . '' 
 i smiled and shook my head . 
 `` quit teasing me and come over here . '' 
 i patted my bed . 
 i wanted him . 
 i always wanted him , and there was nothing his mother could say to change that . 
 we did n't need a break ; she was wrong . 
 in my heart , i knew she was wrong about us . 
 sos client rejection client : becky roth subject : corey panchilla dear ms. roth : sos is sorry to inform you that your cheater request has been denied due to the rules of double jeopardy . 
 although we sympathize with your discovery of a `` skanky thong '' in the glove compartment of mr. panchilla 's car , we are unable to investigate further . 
 it may be in your best interest to confront mr. panchilla yourself or possibly terminate the relationship . 
 we trust that this report will remain confidential as some of the information contained within could compromise our top-secret status . 
 please keep in mind that double jeopardy does not apply to your future relationships . 
 sos is still at your service , and we hope you 'll keep us in mind for referrals . 
 have a great day . 
 chapter eight `` uh , tess ? '' 
 kira whined as we paused on the multi-color carpet of the restaurant aisle . 
 `` why are we inside ? 
 we could scope this out from the car . 
 my hair is totally going to smell like french fries . '' 
 `` shh ... we 're supposed to be incognito . '' 
 `` in what ? 
 i thought we were undercover . '' 
 i rolled my eyes but then reached down to tug up the legs of my black stockings . 
 irk . 
 these things were annoying . 
 and fashionably hideous . 
 i had to leave my utility vest in the car , but i still had on the black turtleneck and stockings that went underneath it . 
 right now , i looked like a mime-minus the white gloves . 
 marcus dragging his date to the applebee 's two towns over was inconvenient , but he was n't nearly as smooth as he thought . 
 not when we 'd already bugged his cell phone . 
 my breath caught . 
 `` snap , crackle , and pop ! '' 
 i whispered harshly . 
 `` they 're early . '' 
 i ducked down , then dropped to my knees , pulling kira under a booth table with me . 
 the carpet was rough , and i had n't expected the space under the booth to be so tight . 
 kira was practically sitting in my lap . 
 `` ew , '' i said , trying to push her back . 
 `` your hair does smell like fries . '' 
 an immediate pout pulled at her pink lips . 
 `` is this table okay ? '' 
 leona 's sister 's voice announced . 
 her black sneakers paused in front of us . 
 her undercover work as a waitress was usually pitch perfect . 
 but what was she doing ? 
 they could n't sit here ! 
 there was no room for their legs . 
 `` naw . 
 how ` bout the one toward the back ? '' 
 marcus asked in his usual smooth , confident voice . 
 i exhaled as i watched the feet move away , noticing the pair of red heels that followed marcus 's sneaks . 
 really . 
 red ? 
 that seemed sort of tacky , even for applebee 's . 
 `` wow , '' kira said , adjusting herself in my lap . 
 `` that was close . '' 
 `` not as close as us right now , '' i said , moving her over . 
 i tried to unfold my legs in the darkened area under the table , but it was n't big enough . 
 well , this was n't very fun . 
 and it was n't easy to stay in spy mode when i knew i could be at the movies or making out in the backseat of a car-something normal . 
 i twitched my nose . 
 `` is izzie taking care of the video feed in the car ? '' 
 kira nodded , trying to smell her hair . 
 i 'd let izzie drive tonight . 
 it helped her feel more involved . 
 and even though she was n't great at things like math or science , she was awesome on the feed . 
 total pro . 
 `` let 's go , '' i whispered , sliding myself up onto the seat . 
 i opened a menu in front of me and then peeked over it toward the back of the restaurant . 
 uh-oh . 
 marcus 's face was n't in view . 
 no clear shot . 
 i 'd need to get closer . 
 i bent my head back under the table to kira . 
 `` k , hand me my camera . '' 
 she rummaged through the backpack , pulled out the extra-zoom lens , and snapped it on the camera before handing it to me . 
 `` you move in , '' she said , widening her eyes . 
 `` and i 'll listen to the audio . 
 but be careful . '' 
 i nodded . 
 she always worried about me . 
 the thing was , if the smitten kittens were found out to be sos , the guys in the school would freak . 
 to this day , all the cheaters thought that their girlfriends had caught them . 
 if they knew what the squad and i had been doing for the last two years and some of the things we 'd seen , they might not appreciate our cheers anymore . 
 in fact , they might boo us . 
 i shuddered . 
 that was a very negative thought . 
 lately , sos assignments had seemed to be bringing them out in me . 
 something about the fact that 100 percent of all of our assignments ended up in a cheating confirmation was depressing . 
 one hundred percent of the time . 
 `` i 've got the audio feed , '' kira whispered , nudging my leg . 
 `` video is recording from the bar , but there 's not a clear view . 
 wait ... '' she touched her earpiece . 
 `` marcus just told the accomplice that he has to ... drain the lizard . '' 
 we looked at each other and giggled . 
 honestly . 
 how some of these boys scored was beyond me . 
 `` move in , '' kira said , waving her hand . 
 keeping my head low , i moved to the booth across from us and peered over the top . 
 marcus was gone . 
 i needed to get at least two clear shots for the report . 
 preferably one with them holding hands or kissing . 
 i swallowed hard . 
 i hated this part . 
 witnessing the cheating . 
 it made me pretty sick , and sometimes , it even gave me nightmares . 
 before he could come back , i 'd made it to the large plastic fern a few feet from their table . 
 i was n't used to being this close to the action . 
 i had both audio and visual . 
 holding up my camera , i clicked off a few silent shots of the girl . 
 i did n't recognize her . 
 she must be from a rival school . 
 marcus was a traitor . 
 he came back , kissing her cheek before he sat down . 
 i felt the familiar turn in my stomach . 
 the girl was beaming at him . 
 did she know he had a girlfriend ? 
 `` where 's your girlfriend tonight ? '' 
 she asked , sipping from her water . 
 my lip curled . 
 she did know . 
 that was bad form , even from a rival school . 
 `` she 's studying . '' 
 marcus licked his lips suggestively , eyeing her cle ** age . 
 he reached out to touch her fingers . 
 `` she has no clue . '' 
 `` that 's good , '' red heels said . 
 `` i 'd hate to kick her ass if she tried to start something with me . '' 
 `` naw , she 's not smart enough to figure it out . 
 she wo n't mess with you . '' 
 my throat was burning . 
 i wanted to yell out . 
 i wanted to scream . 
 but instead , i took another picture as he reached under the table to rub red heels 's thigh . 
 my nose began to run . 
 i needed a tissue . 
 i took out my phone , punching in the escape code to kira . 
 within a minute , leona 's sister appeared at the table , talking animatedly and blocking their view of the plant . 
 the restaurant music turned up to a much louder level and i began the move . 
 the music disguised the rustling of the plant as i slid from behind it . 
 i walked quickly and purposefully toward the door . 
 not looking back , not looking down . 
 cool and collected . 
 as i passed the last table , someone grabbed me by the wrist . 
 i gasped . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 christian ? 
 toasted ravioli ! 
 i was busted . 
 i was busted being in applebee 's with the cheater . 
 my heart pumped and i jetted my eyes around for kira . 
 i found her by the front door , her eyes wide and frightened . 
 `` what ... '' christian paused , covering his mouth with his other hand as he looked me over . 
 `` what are you wearing ? '' 
 i needed to take control of the situation . 
 sure , i was dressed in black from head to toe . 
 but this could be normal . 
 if i played it normal , it could be normal . 
 shaking my hand from christian 's grip , i looked around at his table . 
 he was with two others , but i did n't recognize them . 
 they were probably ducks . 
 first , i needed to dodge the fashion question . 
 `` sorry , christian . 
 my ride is leaving . '' 
 i looked back toward kira , who was now hiding behind the hostess booth , watching nervously . 
 `` you 're leaving ? '' 
 christian asked , looking disappointed . 
 `` well , '' he said anyway , motioning to his company . 
 `` this is my best friend , colton , and his girlfriend , sherrie . '' 
 i smiled at them , offering a little wave . 
 i needed to get out of here before anyone else saw me . 
 someone who knew i 'd never dress like this . 
 that was the number-one rule of the society of smitten kittens-never be seen at the location of the incident . 
 christian had seen me . 
 this was a huge complication . 
 `` this , '' he said to them , reaching out to touch my hip . 
 i was startled . 
 `` this is tessa crimson . '' 
 i sidestepped his hand , trying not to look as thrown off as i felt . 
 he was n't allowed to invade my personal space . 
 and my hips were very personal . 
 `` oh , '' sherrie said , pursing her dark red lips . 
 `` the cheerleader ? '' 
 i blinked rapidly . 
 whatever school they came from , i 'd have to meet their cheer captain and find out about the animosity factor . 
 this was getting ridiculous . 
 she was smirking at me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , backing away into the aisle . 
 `` i have to go . '' 
 christian tilted his head . 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 wow . 
 he was more aggressive than i had originally given him credit for . 
 maybe with his friends , he was more confident . 
 either way , he seriously needed to be avoided . 
 especially now that he 'd seen me on assignment . 
 `` yeah . 
 bye . '' 
 i nodded to them and twirled quickly , striding toward the door . 
 i could have sworn i heard a snicker as i left . 
 kira jumped out just as i passed the hostess booth , but she waited until we got outside in the cool night to totally freak out . 
 `` oh , my word , oh , my word ... '' `` breathe , '' i told her , taking her by the shoulders even though my own voice was tight . 
 nervous . 
 `` let 's get out of here . 
 quick . '' 
 she nodded and we began to jog across the asphalt parking lot toward izzie 's blue honda . 
 her face was white as we opened the doors and climbed in . 
 `` well . '' 
 izzie gulped . 
 `` what happens now ? 
 the new boy saw you . 
 are we compromised ? '' 
 she 'd obviously seen the video feed . 
 i put my hands over my face and bent over , trying to think . 
 okay . 
 so yes , i 'd been spotted . 
 but sos communications always stayed top secret . 
 there was no reason for cassandra to use our evidence to confront her boyfriend . 
 we could destroy the photos . 
 she could just say she knew . 
 crab cakes ! 
 i 'd never give an official ruling without hard evidence . 
 `` maybe we should just abort , '' kira said quietly from the backseat . 
 `` tell cassandra we did n't find anything . '' 
 i swallowed hard and looked up . 
 i just could n't do that . 
 i could n't let marcus get away with it . 
 `` we 're fine , '' i said to the girls , my back straight . 
 `` let 's hang out for a bit , and then we 'll follow them . 
 i want to wrap this one up . '' 
 kira and izzie exchanged a glance but then nodded and agreed . 
 i was glad they did . 
 because i was n't sure what i 'd say if they argued . 
 i had the feeling that christian ferril was going to a big , honking problem . 
 sos cheater incident report case : 046 client : cassandra heart subject : marcus billings findings : at approximately 7:00 p.m. , february 6 , mr. billings was observed having dinner with an unfashionable female accomplice at applebee 's restaurant . 
 they were photographed holding hands and using their feet under the table to fondle each other . 
 the pair was later followed to a parking area overlooking skinner butte . 
 photographs documenting the interaction were unclear due to the fogginess of mr. billings 's window . 
 sos did , however , recover an item that mr. billings tossed from his driver 's window , confirming sexual intercourse . 
 we trust that this report will remain confidential as some of the information contained within could compromise our top-secret status . 
 sos is sorry for your loss , and we offer our deepest sympathies . 
 we hope that we will not have to assist you again in the future , but please keep us in mind for referrals . 
 chapter nine cassandra was less than thrilled to see the glossy eight by tens of marcus and red heels . 
 it nearly broke my heart , especially when i considered her recently departed virginity . 
 all of it left me feeling , well , bummed . 
 i watched from my locker across the busy school hallway as cassandra unfolded the manila envelope i 'd left there . 
 her face broke , then she recovered and glanced around quickly . 
 brave soul ; she did n't want anyone to see her cry . 
 my chest ached . 
 turning back to swirl the combination of my lock , i tried to decide what sort of flowers to send her . 
 it should either be daffodils or daisies . 
 i always sent flowers after i delivered bad news . 
 it helped with self-esteem . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 i jumped . 
 when i turned , i was alarmed and certainly dismayed to be looking back into the dark brown eyes of chloe , christian 's sister . 
 hm . 
 there was that forced smile again on her red lips . 
 this could n't be good . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 i asked , flipping my hair over my shoulder to cover my nervous twitch . 
 her smile turned into a smirk . 
 she adjusted her stance in her open-toe heels . 
 `` i just wanted to apologize for the other day at lunch . 
 i know i was being a bitch , and i 'm sorry . '' 
 i blinked , then nodded . 
 no need to argue with that . 
 `` anyways , '' she said , staring down at her shoes . 
 her toes had only clear polish on them , and somehow , that set me a little at ease . 
 she continued , `` i just wanted to say that i was sorry and that i 'm looking forward to hanging out with you this weekend . '' 
 my stomach dropped . 
 she obviously noticed my surprise because her full lips spread into a real smile . 
 not the fake one i 'd gotten to see earlier . 
 `` this weekend ? '' 
 i tried to sound casual , but there was definitely an absence of perk in my voice . 
 i looked around the hall , feeling my uneasiness beginning to make me shaky . 
 what was going on ? 
 `` oh , '' she said , a little too surprised . 
 `` aiden did n't tell you ? 
 he invited me and christian to his party this weekend . '' 
 aiden was having a party ? 
 i shook my head , trying to remember if he 'd told me about it . 
 maybe he did , but i was n't sure . 
 sos had been so busy and ... wait . 
 aiden invited them ? 
 `` when did you talk to aiden ? '' 
 i asked . 
 was it normal to see little black spots in the corner of my vision ? 
 that had never happened before . 
 `` i 'm in his chemistry class , '' she said . 
 `` we 're lab partners . 
 you did n't know ? '' 
 oh , sweet vanilla sky ! 
 i was going to be sick . 
 i put my palm against the cool metal of my locker to steady myself . 
 was i still ill from last week ? 
 `` well , '' chloe said , licking her teeth as she slowly looked me up and down . 
 `` i 'll see you at lunch . '' 
 i was frozen as i stood , watching as she turned and walked away . 
 her long blond locks swayed from side to side , brushing against her back and her short pleated skirt . 
 my face was numb . 
 there was a violent turn in my stomach , and i clutched at it . 
 i dashed down the hall , barely making it into the girls ' bathroom . 
 after two dry heaves and an unceremonious flush , i straightened , unsure as to why i 'd been so sick lately . 
 i was losing my grip . 
 somehow , chloe had gotten under my skin . 
 but what was it that made me so unnerved around her ? 
 stepping out of the stall , i studied my reflection , disappointed to see dark circles under my eyes and my furrowed brow . 
 i twitched my nose and put back my shoulders . 
 i needed to know more about her and her brother . 
 i was the head of the society of smitten kittens . 
 i should know more by now . 
 the bell rang , and i sighed . 
 i was late for history . 
 this day had certainly not started well . 
 not well at all . 
 i debated using the menstruation excuse to get myself out of lunch detention , but in the end , i decided to take the high road . 
 what sort of example would i be if i lied to get out of punishment ? 
 not a very good one . 
 and i had a liar quota . 
 one i had already filled with sos . 
 i could see kira 's admiration as i stood listening to mr. powell scold me in front of our class . 
 her steely blue eyes told me that she wished she were as brave . 
 it made me feel a little better . 
 after i 'd gotten to my seat and recovered from the in-class humiliation , kira slid a note over to me . 
 i gave her a disapproving look but opened the folded notebook paper anyway . 
 you just missed it , it said . 
 christian got lunch detention like five minutes ago ! 
 my pulse sped up . 
 fantastic . 
 the person i wanted to avoid would now be alone at my side for the entire forty-three-minute captivity . 
 i could n't take any more bad news . 
 i needed aiden . 
 only , when i got out of class , aiden was n't waiting at my locker . 
 i stopped , mid-stride , and spun around the crowded hallway . 
 where was he ? 
 after another second , i continued my disconcerted walk to my locker . 
 i twirled my combo with little grace , dropping my notebooks on the linoleum floor as i fumbled with them . 
 before i could be late again , i scooped them up and slammed my locker shut , trotting off to economics . 
 alone . 
 my cell phone was dead from my forgetting to charge it the night before , and i felt cut off from the outside world as i sat miserably in class . 
 i was beginning to perspire . 
 my day had been so awful that i was sweating without actual physical exertion ! 
 i was on the verge of tears . 
 it was leona 's turn with the sos phone , and she had already informed me in between classes that we 'd gotten a new assignment last period . 
 i felt overwhelmed . 
 and since aiden sat with us at lunch , the kittens and i would n't be able to discuss the assignment there . 
 we 'd have to wait until after practice . 
 not to mention , i was wondering where in the stratosphere aiden was . 
 i hoped kira would pass along my tale of lunch imprisonment to him . 
 he had to be looking for me . 
 right ? 
 i signed the journal on mr. powell 's desk as i entered detention . 
 i frowned as he smiled at me . 
 i did n't mind letting him see me pout . 
 i 'd been in his class last year too . 
 `` sorry , ms. crimson , '' he said , wagging his finger at me . 
 `` rules are rules . 
 even for the head cheerleader . '' 
 that was sort of nice of him to apologize . 
 i nodded . 
 feeling dull and wilted , i crossed to my table and flopped in my chair . 
 it figured i 'd only finished half of my apples and cinnamon oatmeal this morning . 
 i was starving . 
 there was a shuffle from the hallway . 
 i looked toward the door as christian entered , grinning madly as he swiped his hair behind his ear . 
 he avoided my eyes , but i could tell he was n't too broken up about sitting in detention with me . 
 not with that pleased expression on his face . 
 christian signed in and then turned to me , pretending to be surprised . 
 `` tessa , '' he said , clutching his chest . 
 `` i had no idea you were a troublemaker . '' 
 i could n't help but smile . 
 his theatrics were sort of cute . 
 `` sorry , christian . 
 but there is no talking in detention . '' 
 i looked down at my purple notebook . 
 hm . 
 maybe i 'd write a note to aiden . 
 i was pretty sure that was how things were done before text messaging . 
 i opened to a fresh page . 
 `` can ... i sit with you ? '' 
 christian asked . 
 i glanced up . 
 he was trying to sound casual , but he probably did n't realize he was biting his bottom lip . 
 i wondered if i made him nervous . 
 he certainly made me feel unsettled . 
 `` just sit down somewhere , mr. ferril , '' mr. powell announced from the front , sounding annoyed . 
 i giggled . 
 despite this being detention , it actually was n't very strict , especially in this classroom . 
 mr. powell had a tendency to read the newspaper instead of enforcing the law . 
 i liked that about him . 
 christian was still standing at the end of the table , so i nodded toward kira 's chair , and he smiled as he sat down . 
 wow . 
 his cologne smelled rather good , very natural and earthy . 
 `` so , '' he said , drumming his fingers on the table . 
 `` how long do we have to stay in here ? '' 
 `` until ten minutes before lunch is over . '' 
 i looked sideways at him , noticing that his hair had fallen to cover his eyes . 
 i did n't really like that . 
 it seemed sneaky . 
 `` good , '' he said , leaning back and turning to me . 
 `` because i 'm ravenous . 
 i thought i had to miss the entire lunch . '' 
 `` i do n't think that 's legal , '' i pointed out . 
 `` right . '' 
 we sat for a minute , silent , but not uncomfortably so . 
 somehow , being alone with him was easier than being near him with an audience . 
 go figure . 
 mr. powell turned the page of his newspaper loudly and hunched over to read . 
 christian leaned toward me . 
 `` would you like to know anything about me ? '' 
 i looked at him , and he smiled that perfect grin . 
 i could n't really think of anything , but ... i did n't want to seem unfriendly . 
 `` sure . 
 did you like being a duck ? '' 
 i adjusted myself in the chair , folding my hands onto my lap . 
 `` yep . 
 my turn . '' 
 wait . 
 i did n't know this was a give-and-take . 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` why are you so proper ? 
 like with the swearing and everything ? '' 
 i blinked . 
 it had been a while since i 'd needed to explain my perkiness . 
 `` it 's not that i 'm proper , christian . 
 this is just how i am . 
 i 'm perky . 
 i 'm polite . 
 there 's no need to be all gloom and doom . 
 someone has to make people feel good . '' 
 christian pressed his lips together , looking impressed , and nodded . 
 `` you definitely are not gloom and doom . '' 
 that was nice of him to say . 
 and truth be told , i was n't always like this . 
 there was a time when i was just like everyone else . 
 but my parents liked me like this . 
 in fact , everyone did , so it just stuck . 
 it felt natural . 
 i liked making people happy . 
 `` your turn to ask , '' he said , folding his hands behind his neck and leaning back in the chair . 
 i glanced at the clock . 
 we still had twenty minutes together . 
 `` when did your parents get divorced ? '' 
 i asked softly . 
 his expression changed . 
 he rubbed roughly at his jaw and then straightened his back . 
 `` officially ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 i hoped the question was n't too painful . 
 `` last month . '' 
 `` and that 's why you 're here ? '' 
 he looked me over . 
 `` do n't feel sorry for me , tessa . 
 you know , at least half of all marriages end in divorce . '' 
 he narrowed his heavily lashed brown eyes . 
 `` and like 99 percent of high school romances do n't last . '' 
 my face twitched . 
 was he trying to say that aiden and i would n't last ? 
 `` you really do n't know me all that well , christian . '' 
 and he certainly did n't know that i was fully aware of the breakup statistics . 
 i did it for a living , for pete 's sake . 
 `` true , '' he said , backing off . 
 he laid his hands on the table in front of him . 
 `` and how about you ? 
 what 's your family like ? 
 do you live in a gingerbread house somewhere ? '' 
 `` i , in fact , live in a ranch-style home in murray hills . 
 no candy roofs or evil witches . '' 
 well , except for aiden 's mother . 
 `` and i 'm guessing your parents are living happily ever after ? '' 
 i dropped my eyes . 
 even though my parents were happy , it still did n't mean there were n't painful memories . 
 `` my parents got back together after some time apart . '' 
 christian made a noise , but i did n't look up at him . 
 i was fairly done with this conversation . 
 i began to pick at the bottom of my shirt . 
 `` you look cute when you 're sad . '' 
 my eyes snapped up to his . 
 `` ask me another question . '' 
 he tilted his head . 
 but i was n't into games like this . 
 i did n't flirt with strangers . 
 and even though i was participating reluctantly , i still felt like it was illegal . 
 christian stretched his arms over his head and then exhaled . 
 `` fine , i 'll answer the one i 'm sure you 're dying to know . '' 
 `` and which one is that ? '' 
 he widened his eyes as if it was a stupid question . 
 `` whether or not i have a girlfriend . '' 
 there was an uneasy turn to my stomach . 
 no . 
 actually , i had n't been wondering that , but if he did have a girlfriend , i would be very disappointed . 
 i was n't sure kira could take another heartbreak . 
 `` you look worried , tessa , '' he said , completely misreading my expression . 
 `` i do n't have a girlfriend . 
 i do n't even have a psychotic ex . 
 so you 're in the clear . '' 
 me ? 
 why was i in the clear ? 
 maybe i needed to be more direct . 
 `` christian , '' i said simply , touching his arm . 
 he flexed . 
 `` christian , i 'm not sure if this is accidental or not , but it seems like you 're hitting on me . '' 
 my face was beginning to redden . 
 this was much easier to say in my head . 
 i dropped my hand . 
 `` it is accidental , '' he said smiling , looking embarrassed . 
 i sighed with relief . 
 he leaned closer to me . 
 `` i was n't supposed to seem like i was . 
 i am hitting on you . '' 
 shake and bake ! 
 `` but ... kira ... '' he pursed his lips . 
 `` to be honest , i 'm not really into blondes . 
 i like you . '' 
 `` but ... why ? '' 
 what made him think that he was at all my type ? 
 he did n't even play a sport ! 
 christian adjusted in his seat and looked thoughtfully at me . 
 `` you 're just different . 
 sweet . 
 beautiful . 
 you 're ... perfect . 
 you 're just perfect . '' 
 i swallowed hard . 
 was i perfect ? 
 did he believe that ? 
 did i ? 
 there was a low whistle , and i looked toward the doorway out into the hallway . 
 my chest swelled . 
 aiden . 
 like a tall drink of lemonade on a hot day , my guy stood there in a tracksuit with his hair a perfect mess . 
 thank goodness he was here . 
 i knew he 'd come for me . 
 he winked before striding into the classroom , pretending not to look my way . 
 christian groaned next to me . 
 he might not be as elated as i was . 
 `` mr. wilder , '' mr. powell said , sounding amused . 
 `` what can i do you for , son ? '' 
 my teacher flicked his eyes to mine . 
 i shrugged . 
 aiden sounded sweet . 
 `` sorry to bother you , sir , but tessa has my lunch in her locker and i 'm so hungry . '' 
 he clutched his stomach . 
 `` we have practice after school , and if i do n't get something to eat - '' powell waved him off . 
 `` just take her , '' he said . 
 he looked at me . 
 `` ms. crimson , i expect you wo n't be late again ? '' 
 i smiled and shook my head . 
 he motioned for the door . 
 i jumped up , shooting christian one last glance before walking away . 
 he sucked at his teeth . 
 `` see ya , '' he said . 
 he looked up at aiden . 
 `` thanks for the invite , by the way . '' 
 aiden raised his chin to him . 
 `` no problem , chris . 
 i 'll see you saturday . '' 
 then he held his hand out to me . 
 i jogged up to take it , thrilled to finally see him . 
 his fingers squeezed mine , and they were warm , protective . 
 we began walking out . 
 `` cool , '' christian called to us . 
 `` and it 's christian . '' 
 `` sorry , '' aiden said , not looking back . 
 `` see you later , man . '' 
 and we left . 
 i debated telling aiden about christian 's failed attempt to woo me but decided it would only cause more friction . 
 and friction was not something i needed . 
 not when i was overflowing with assignments . 
 the minute we got in the empty hall , i tugged on aiden 's hand . 
 he looked down at me and batted his eyelashes dramatically . 
 wow . 
 he looked fantastic , and my anxiety began to ease as i stared back at him . 
 `` you missed me , did n't you ? '' 
 he asked expectantly . 
 `` madly . 
 where were you ? '' 
 he let go of my hand and placed his arm over my shoulders as we headed down the empty hall to the cafeteria . 
 we did n't need to go to my locker-aiden never brought his lunch to school . 
 that was just a lie to get me out of detention fifteen minutes early . 
 he knew mr. powell would let me go because he was a huge supporter of the wildcats . 
 that man had spirit . 
 aiden exhaled . 
 `` i got to school late because my mother was bitching me out about some stupid phone call she got last night . '' 
 `` phone call ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 some ass ** le called her last night and said that i was f ** king around after practice or something - '' i slapped him in the stomach . 
 his language was atrocious today . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` well , anyway , they told her i was drinking and driving . 
 so she took my car . 
 she would n't even let me use the phone to call you . '' 
 i stopped walking , letting his arm fall off of me . 
 `` what in heaven 's name ? 
 who would do that ? '' 
 `` seriously , '' he agreed . 
 `` i would n't drink after practice , and i definitely would n't drive if i did . '' 
 as i stared up at aiden , my heart was racing . 
 nobody messed with him like that . 
 aiden was very well liked . 
 ping-pong and pogo sticks ! 
 this was weird . 
 `` do you think ... '' i paused . 
 i did n't want to say it . 
 `` christian ? '' 
 he asked for me . 
 i twitched my nose , sort of embarrassed for accusing without evidence . 
 that was not the sos way . 
 `` already thought of that , '' aiden said , reaching out to put his arms around my waist to pull me to him . 
 `` but my mom said it was a girl . '' 
 my mouth fell open . 
 oh , i did not like that . 
 not at all . 
 `` a girl ? '' 
 it came out as a squeak . 
 my fur prickled . 
 aiden 's mother probably loved that . 
 someone other than me calling the house . 
 `` aw , baby , '' he said , and chuckled . 
 `` they were throwing me under the bus , not asking me out . '' 
 he bent down and kissed my forehead . 
 `` retract the claws . '' 
 i swatted him and backed up . 
 `` well , i still do n't like it , '' i said . 
 `` yeah , me either . 
 i 'm not allowed to have the car for a week . '' 
 jeez louise ! 
 that was harsh . 
 `` i 'll drive you , '' i said , taking his hand and tugging him down the stairs to the cafeteria . 
 i was still starving . 
 `` thank god she 's gone this weekend , '' aiden said , lifting my fingers to his mouth to kiss them . 
 right , i had a question about that . 
 `` why did you invite chloe ? '' 
 i asked , not turning around . 
 i did n't want to tell him i 'd forgotten about his party , even though i was n't entirely sure he 'd told me about it . 
 `` who 's chloe ? '' 
 `` christian 's sister . '' 
 i smiled a little . 
 i was happy to hear that he did n't recognize her name . 
 even though she was clearly hunting him . 
 `` oh , her , '' he said , pausing for a minute . 
 `` i just invited both of them to be nice . '' 
 i twirled to face him as we entered the cafeteria doors . 
 `` to be nice ? '' 
 `` yeah , baby . 
 i wanted to be polite . 
 i knew you 'd like it . '' 
 he made a face like that was the only obvious answer , even though i was sure my wildcat was n't that polite . 
 `` wow , '' i said , pretending to take the bait . 
 `` that sure is sweet of you . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he widened his eyes , mocking our conversation , and puckered his lips like he wanted a kiss . 
 i had narrowed my eyes , ready to argue , when i caught sight of chloe over his shoulder , sitting at our lunch table . 
 she glanced up at us , and i felt a rush of possessiveness . 
 `` come here , '' i purred at aiden , taking a fistful of his shirt and pulling him toward me . 
 aiden looked down at me knowingly . 
 `` mm ... my kitty 's feeling frisky . '' 
 i laughed , letting my anger melt away . 
 aiden leaned all the way down to pause his lips just above mine . 
 `` you 're going to stay this weekend , right ? '' 
 i met his green gaze , and my insides began to liquefy like they always did when aiden looked at me like that . 
 i nodded . 
 he grinned and then pressed his warm mouth to mine , squeezing me tight . 
 when we parted , he winked at me . 
 `` now let 's get you fed , '' he said . 
 `` you need to store up some energy . '' 
 he was so steamy . 
 when we got to our table , chloe was gone . 
 her much-needed absence totally released the tension i 'd been holding in my shoulders all day . 
 aiden went up to the line and grabbed me a lunch tray filled with hot sliced turkey . 
 then he excused himself to go over some plays with his team . 
 it was perfect timing . 
 it left me alone with my squad . 
 the minute he walked away , we all leaned into the formica table in unison . 
 `` what 's the double scoop ? '' 
 i asked , setting down my spork and looking between their faces . 
 leona adjusted her glasses . 
 `` three assignments . 
 two cheater requests and a background check . 
 and since two of our kittens , melody and frances , went out of town this week , i 'm not sure we have the cheer power to complete them . '' 
 hm . 
 leona had a good point . 
 we were down four pom-poms . 
 `` i miss them , '' izzie said , wiping her nose . 
 `` i hope they come back soon . '' 
 leona shook her head . 
 `` get focused , girls . 
 we 're not going to let these cheaters get the best of us . 
 we may be outnumbered , but they 're outsmarted . 
 tess , you have a plan , right ? '' 
 her question caught me off guard . 
 although i knew my squad would be short a few members , i had n't made a plan b. i was n't even sure i had a plan a. `` of course tessa has a plan , '' kira said , annoyed with leona 's question . 
 i looked between all of their trusting eyes and began to feel something . 
 panic . 
 but i cleared my throat and channeled the sos ways . 
 `` kira , '' i said in my captain voice , `` you and izzie focus on the first cheater request . 
 stake out with visual only . '' 
 she smiled . 
 `` on it , tess . '' 
 `` leona , you and kara map out the second request , and we 'll set it up for wednesday night . '' 
 i snapped my fingers . 
 `` oh , and leona , i need you to update the naughty list and return some of those texts . 
 sound good ? '' 
 phew . 
 leona stared at me . 
 `` what about the background check ? '' 
 oh . 
 i 'd forgotten one . 
 how did i ... `` um ... i 'll do that one . 
 just forward me the information . '' 
 i was confused . 
 leona twisted her adorable necklace around her finger . 
 `` tessa , it 's your night with the sos phone . 
 you know that , right ? '' 
 i did n't . 
 `` i 'm going to use it tonight , '' kira interrupted . 
 `` i already cleared it with tess . '' 
 she looked across the table and smiled encouragingly at me . 
 she 'd just saved my rep. that girl rocked . 
 `` great , '' leona mumbled , resting her chin on her upturned palm . 
 `` another night of texts from kira . 
 just do n't send me any more pictures of guys ' butts , okay ? '' 
 kira grinned . 
 `` if i can help it . 
 but you did see maxwell , right ? '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 izzie giggled next to her . 
 `` it was nice . 
 how about jonathon stuart ... '' the girls began to talk among themselves about the best backsides in the junior class . 
 i would have loved to listen to the conversation , but i was too busy staring at aiden across the lunchroom . 
 he was laughing , joking with darren and the guys . 
 then suddenly , he looked up and saw me watching . 
 he smiled and winked . 
 it made me uneasy , seeing how well my boyfriend fit in with a table of cheaters . 
 i pushed the thought away . 
 still , it made me think of chloe and the fact that she was going after my boyfriend so obviously . 
 and i certainly did n't like the way she searched me , looking for my cracks . 
 in fact , i wished the little blond temptress would transfer to another school altogether . 
 but i did n't get my wish . 
 chloe joined us for lunch the next day , clad in a super-tight pair of jeans and a baby tee . 
 the smitten kittens had put aside their dislike for her earlier comments toward me once she 'd apologized . 
 they were such good sports . 
 but i was n't going to be so forgiving . 
 at least not on the inside . 
 but i was surprised and delighted to see that christian looked like he was taking a shine to kira . 
 he 'd even started sitting next to her . 
 i mean , it was directly across from me but also next to kira . 
 and even though they did n't talk to each other , they both talked to me , which was also something they had in common . 
 a happy thought struck me . 
 aiden 's party was this weekend , and it was only natural for new couples to form at a party . 
 even romeo and juliet met at a party . 
 i could get kira and christian together . 
 maybe then he 'd focus his attention elsewhere . 
 sos cheater incident report case : 004 client : madeline haskel subject : roger stanvick dear ms. haskel , sos is happy to honor your potential boyfriend background check voucher . 
 and although it 's tragic that we 've had to deliver bad news to you on three separate occasions , we hope that by providing you with this service , you can make an informed decision on your next choice of companionship . 
 mr. stanvick will be observed within 48 hours of this notification . 
 please remember that this voucher is only valid for one background check per semester . 
 thank you for your referrals , and sos truly hopes that your dating needs are met . 
 if you need to cancel this assignment , please text the stop order form within 24 hours . 
 have a great day . 
 chapter ten it was getting late . 
 i yawned . 
 `` what was the eta ? '' 
 leona asked . 
 she stretched out across the backseat of my car , her dark hair spreading like a fan across the leather upholstery . 
 i leaned against the headrest . 
 `` an hour ago . '' 
 here we were , camped out in front of an all-night miniature golf course , and we could n't even play . 
 the parking lot was deserted , and the sky was nearly starless . 
 there was little pep in this car . 
 luckily this was a small assignment , only two kittens needed . 
 and leona was the only one available to help me . 
 i was very thankful . 
 alone , i might have fallen asleep . 
 we were on a potential boyfriend background check . 
 we reserved that only for our repeat clients . 
 it was n't something i was proud of since officially , the clients were n't dating the suspects . 
 but if sos had investigated for them at least three times , the client was given a certificate for a complimentary background check . 
 hopefully it could save them future heartache . 
 `` he works here , right ? '' 
 leona asked . 
 sometimes it was difficult being alone with her . 
 she did n't have the perk that kira did . 
 `` yep . 
 and my informant said he was working ten to two this morning . '' 
 `` it 's after eleven . '' 
 `` thank you , leona . 
 i had n't noticed . '' 
 `` whoa . '' 
 she sat up , and i could feel her glare on the side of my face . 
 i turned slowly to her . 
 `` sorry to snap , '' i said quietly . 
 `` i just want to go home . '' 
 leona eyed me from behind her glasses . 
 she was angry . 
 she did n't like to be scolded or talked down to . 
 and i should have controlled myself better . 
 being short-tempered just was n't the smitten kitten way . 
 i pursed my lips . 
 `` things have been getting harder , '' i said apologetically . 
 she nodded , her face clearing . 
 `` i know , tess . 
 and you 've seemed , well a little distracted . 
 is everything okay with aiden ? '' 
 my mouth opened . 
 that was an unexpected question . 
 `` of course . 
 why would you ask that ? '' 
 my heart beat a little faster . 
 she shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 you two do n't seem to be spending as much time together . '' 
 i blinked rapidly , a stabbing pain in my ribs . 
 she was right . 
 we had n't . 
 but aiden had basketball , and i had cheerleading . 
 between that , i had sos assignments . 
 lots of them . 
 oh , my word . 
 were we growing apart ? 
 `` great caesar 's ghost ! 
 give me your phone , leona . 
 mine 's dead . '' 
 i needed to talk to aiden . 
 i needed to hear him . 
 leona 's eyes widened at my abrupt change in demeanor , but she pulled out her phone anyway . 
 `` i 'll be outside with the binoculars , '' she said cautiously . 
 i waited until she got out into the parking lot and shut the door before punching in the numbers . 
 `` pick up , aiden , '' i whispered , glancing at the dashboard clock . 
 `` hello . '' 
 shoot . 
 mrs. wilder . 
 `` hi , it 's tessa . '' 
 for the first time , my voice was n't dripping with sweetness . 
 i just wanted to talk to her son . 
 `` can i speak with aiden , please ? 
 it 's important . '' 
 `` he 's not with you ? '' 
 my stomach dropped . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` aiden 's not here , tessa . 
 i thought he was out with you tonight . '' 
 i was shaking my head , even though i knew she could n't see me . 
 `` no ... i 'm ... i 'm not with him . '' 
 `` huh . '' 
 that was it ? 
 that was all she had to say ? 
 i tried to take a deep breath , but i was having trouble breathing . 
 what was going on ? 
 where was my sweetie ? 
 `` tell him i called , '' i murmured and hung up . 
 i could n't stick around and wait for any of her snide remarks . 
 my eyes stung , and i sat up straighter to check my reflection in the rearview mirror . 
 i was surprised to see that a little bit of my mascara had smeared . 
 i wiped it quickly . 
 what else could go wrong ? 
 there was a knock on my driver 's side window , and i nearly jumped out of my skin . 
 i turned , my hand at my throat . 
 christian was bent down , looking in . 
 he waved . 
 what in the world ? 
 i turned my key in the ignition to get power and lowered the window , my brow furrowed . 
 `` christian ? '' 
 `` hi , tessa . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` i thought this was your car . '' 
 i took in a sharp breath . 
 how did he know my car ? 
 he chuckled , pushing his hair behind his ears . 
 `` sorry , that sounds sort of stalkerish , right ? '' 
 it definitely did , but i was too stunned to nod . 
 wait . 
 i was on assignment . 
 he 'd now caught me twice on assignment . 
 not good . 
 `` um ... what do you want ? '' 
 it was n't a polite question , but it needed to be asked . 
 he grinned , as if he had a dirty joke waiting . 
 thankfully , he decided to act appropriately . 
 `` i was just wondering why you were parked in the back lot . 
 and why your friend was watching the course with binoculars . '' 
 he tilted his head . 
 `` are you guys spying on someone ? '' 
 cracker jacks ! 
 `` no . 
 that 's a silly question . '' 
 he narrowed his eyes , studying me . 
 `` is it ? '' 
 i stared back at him , speechless , as the wind blew around his chocolate hair . 
 he really was attractive . 
 not aiden cute , but still handsome . 
 i swallowed hard . 
 `` are you here alone ? '' 
 i asked . 
 a subject change was in order . 
 `` nope . '' 
 i waited . 
 when it became apparent that he was n't going to volunteer the information , i pressed further . 
 `` who are you with ? '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` do n't worry , i 'm not on a date . 
 i 'm with colton . '' 
 i made a face . 
 i was n't worried he was on a date . 
 i just wanted him to trot away . 
 `` wonderful . '' 
 he did n't move . 
 `` so , '' he said , looking around at the interior of my car . 
 i was hyper-aware of the equipment on my passenger seat-the camera with tripod , the utility vest , and the grappling hook that leona had wanted to bring -lrb- even though i was pretty sure we did n't need it -rrb- . 
 he glanced at it , then back at me . 
 `` no boyfriend tonight ? '' 
 my face stung . 
 `` maybe later , '' i said . 
 but it was probably a lie . 
 `` too bad . '' 
 christian straightened , sliding his hands into the pockets of his khakis . 
 i looked for leona , but she was sitting on a parking curb observing the course , clueless of the complication that was just outside my window . 
 `` you and leona want to join us for a round of golf ? '' 
 christian asked . 
 i turned back to him . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he leaned over , resting his forearms on my windowsill . 
 i moved back in my seat . 
 he was so different outside of school , much bolder . 
 it scared me . 
 `` you 're here to play golf , right ? 
 why else would you be here , tessa ? '' 
 holy cocker spaniel ! 
 did he know ? 
 he was smirking , daring me to lie . 
 my mouth felt suddenly dry ; my stomach flipped . 
 `` come on , '' he whispered playfully . 
 `` i 'll let you win . '' 
 well , now that was condescending . 
 `` you would n't need to let me , christian . 
 i would beat you fair and square . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` fair and square ? 
 you are too cute . 
 seriously . 
 i ca n't get enough of you . '' 
 i blinked quickly . 
 `` come play with me , '' he said , opening my door . 
 `` one round . '' 
 did i have a choice ? 
 how odd would it look if we just left ? 
 i paused , trying to think of the possibly horrific outcomes that could come from this . 
 but there was n't time to think it through . 
 i was the captain , and i was the one responsible for the tough decisions . 
 i took a breath . 
 `` just one game , '' i said . 
 christian held out his hand to me , but i looked at him like he 'd lost his marbles . 
 i certainly was n't going to hold his hand . 
 this was n't a date and never would be . 
 i was aiden 's girl . 
 my stomach turned . 
 i just wished i knew where aiden was . 
 christian tried to win at miniature golf , but he had seriously underestimated my ball-sinking skills . 
 he also found it hilarious when i told him that . 
 but he was polite . 
 sweet , even . 
 and his friend colton seemed to warm to cheerleaders , especially dark-haired ones named leona . 
 but i did n't forget that he had a girlfriend from a rival school , and i made sure leona did n't forget either . 
 at some point , one game turned into two . 
 it was nearly one in the morning when we walked back to my car , leona giggling with colton behind me . 
 the night had been fun . 
 completely unethical , but fun . 
 we paused at my car . 
 `` thanks for hanging out , tessa , '' christian said , stopping to stand directly in front of me . 
 his cologne was carrying in the wind , and it smelled really fresh . 
 clean . 
 aiden did n't bother with cologne ; he smelled more athletic . 
 `` well , '' i said , darting a warning glance at leona as she paused alarmingly close to colton . 
 she nodded knowingly and dropped her eyes . 
 i turned back to christian . 
 `` we 've got to jet . 
 i 'll see you at school on monday . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` you 're not going to your boyfriend 's party tomorrow ? '' 
 sweet tea and honey ! 
 i 'd forgotten again . 
 `` no , i 'll be there . '' 
 `` cool , '' christian said . 
 `` then i 'll see you there . '' 
 my face was burning with both embarrassment and shame . 
 and just then , christian leaned toward me . 
 like toward my mouth ! 
 i dodged quickly , trying not to make a complete spectacle , but in my haste , i head-butted christian in the jaw . 
 `` ow , '' we said at the same time . 
 i put my palm against my forehead , and he covered his mouth . 
 leona burst out laughing from the other side of the car . 
 `` you 're a violent little thing , tessa . '' 
 he laughed and dropped his hand , running his eyes slowly up and down my body . 
 `` i say you ditch your jock and come wrestle with me sometime . '' 
 he winked . 
 `` you ca n't always be good , right ? '' 
 i squeaked . 
 did he just tell me to break up with aiden ? 
 ew , did he just ask to wrestle with me ? 
 without another word , i scrambled into the driver 's seat and slammed the door . 
 leona got in too , adjusting her glasses and turning to me with a smirk . 
 `` he 's still staring , '' she sang . 
 `` he 's , like , obsessed with you or something . '' 
 `` shoot . 
 this was a really bad idea . 
 we 'll have to reschedule this mission for tomorrow night . '' 
 `` wait . 
 do you think he knows we 're sos ? '' 
 her face was worried . 
 `` let 's hope not . '' 
 ignoring christian , still standing outside my window , i started my car and pulled quickly out of the parking lot , squealing my tires . 
 i dropped leona off at her grandmother 's , and when i got home , the house was dark . 
 my parents must still be at the club . 
 i felt lonely . 
 i 'd been hoping to sit down and talk with my dad while we had milk and cookies , but he was n't here . 
 i needed advice . 
 i wanted him to tell me that i had nothing to worry about . 
 at 2 a.m. , my cell rang . 
 i reached over to pluck it off my side table , but i did n't recognize the number . 
 i squashed my panic and answered . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 please do n't be christian . 
 `` hi , baby , '' aiden said in a deep , tender voice . 
 i exhaled , pulling the phone into my sheets as i curled up with it , comforted by aiden 's sound . 
 i 'd missed the snot out of him . 
 `` where are you ? '' 
 i asked , bringing my blankets up under my chin . 
 my chest was aching . 
 i was so confused by our recent lack of cuddle time . 
 he chuckled . 
 `` i 'm at your front door . '' 
 i smiled , my stomach knotting with excitement . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yeah , really . 
 now come let me in . '' 
 i squealed and then clicked off the call . 
 throwing back my sheets , i jumped out of bed and tossed my cell on it before dashing through the house barefoot . 
 i paused in front of my wood front door and then took a deep breath and swung it open . 
 my face immediately brightened . 
 there he was , leaning his long body against my door frame , his hair a mess of blond tangles . 
 he was in a pair of jeans with a dark green sweater , making his eyes more noticeable than usual . 
 he looked ... fantastic . 
 `` hi , '' he said in that low , sexy voice . 
 `` hi . '' 
 we stood for a minute , staring at each other . 
 my body was tingling , wanting him , but i knew that we should probably talk first . 
 a breeze blew past him from outside . 
 i twitched my nose . 
 `` are ... are you wearing cologne ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he grinned . 
 `` uh , yeah . 
 why ? '' 
 `` you do n't wear cologne . '' 
 `` i do sometimes . '' 
 `` no . 
 you do n't . '' 
 aiden furrowed his brow , pushing off the door to step inside the house , his dress shoes making a different noise on the tile than his sneakers normally did . 
 he paused in front of me and looked down . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he asked , studying my face . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 aiden turned and shut the door , then came back and reached out to push my hair over my shoulder before resting his hand there . 
 `` darren was dealing with some shit . 
 i went over to help him out . '' 
 `` wearing cologne ? '' 
 aiden stepped back from me , looking a little annoyed . 
 `` tess , are you pissed at me or something ? 
 what 's with the cologne ? 
 do you not like it ? '' 
 my fingers trembled . 
 aiden never got annoyed with me . 
 i was ... losing it a little . 
 it was sos . 
 it was making me suspicious of my sweetie . 
 but i knew better . 
 aiden would never hurt me . 
 he was n't like those other guys . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , swallowing hard and walking up to slide my arms around his waist . 
 i laid my head against his chest but felt uneasy when he did n't squeeze me the way i 'd expected him to . 
 `` whose phone do you have ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` borrowed darren 's . '' 
 aiden 's fingers slowly traced up my spine , feeling it through my silk pajama top . 
 but when he got to my shoulders , he braced me and held me back to look at my face . 
 he stared at me for a minute , his eyes uneasy . 
 then he pulled me gently into a hug and rested his chin on top of my head . 
 `` i missed you , baby , '' he murmured . 
 `` did n't you miss me ? '' 
 did he feel it too ? 
 the strangeness of us ? 
 `` i always miss you , '' i breathed . 
 he shifted , pressing closer to me , clearly liking my answer . 
 `` i ca n't stay tonight , '' he said . 
 my stomach turned . 
 `` oh . '' 
 `` but i 'll give you a foot rub before i leave , '' he whispered seductively . 
 was that it ? 
 was he just here to hook up ? 
 i pulled back from him , my eyes beginning to tear . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asked , looking alarmed . 
 `` you came here for that ? '' 
 `` for what ? 
 tessa , what is going on ? 
 you 're seriously freaking me out . '' 
 aiden put his palms on my cheeks , watching as a few tears trickled down them . 
 `` tell me what 's wrong . '' 
 but i could n't . 
 how could i tell him that sos had trained me to scout out cheaters , and now he was showing the classic signs ? 
 how could i say that to the guy i loved ? 
 `` it 's nothing , '' i said , sniffling . 
 `` just tuck me in , okay ? '' 
 i thought aiden might cry too . 
 he looked so frustrated . 
 helpless . 
 so i just took his hand , kissed it , and then held it in my own as i pulled him toward my bedroom . 
 sos cheater incident report case : 050 client : desiree tucker subject : rueben monroe findings : at approximately 7:30 a.m. on february 28 , mr. monroe was observed getting out of the car of a person other than the client in front of washington high . 
 it was later determined that the driver was his mother , claire monroe . 
 she looks very young for her age . 
 however , mr. monroe was picked up from the building by a different vehicle . 
 the car was registered to a mrs. yvonne gallagher , his mother 's best friend . 
 mr. monroe and mrs. gallagher were followed back to her house on sycamore drive , where the enclosed photos were taken . 
 you will notice that they confirm sexual intercourse . 
 phone records also indicate a consistent relationship dating back several months , or since mr. monroe turned eighteen . 
 it is our determination that the subject is cheating . 
 we trust that this report will remain confidential as some of the information contained within could compromise our top-secret status . 
 sos is sorry for your loss , and we offer our deepest sympathies . 
 we hope that we will not have to assist you again in the future , but please keep us in mind for referrals . 
 chapter eleven low-key ? 
 aiden had told me he 'd keep the party low-key . 
 hm . 
 was that why half of the graduating class was having a bonfire in his backyard barbecue pit ? 
 there had to be close to a hundred and fifty people here ! 
 and even though aiden 's grassy yard was great for playing volleyball in the summer , right now it was scattered with red plastic cups and cigarette butts . 
 his mother would flip if she saw that . 
 inside , aiden 's professionally decorated house had become a mass of jocks , cheerleaders , and upperclassmen . 
 in fact , most of his furniture was pushed to the wall to make a dance floor . 
 i kept my eye on the entrance waiting to see who else would show . 
 just then another group came in the door , and my heart skipped a beat . 
 christian and chloe . 
 chloe saw me immediately and smiled . 
 i was ashamed to admit that i was a little jealous . 
 her long blond hair was pretty , blown out pin straight and smooth . 
 her frayed denim miniskirt and braless tank top were way more revealing than anything non-uniformed i 'd wear . 
 but she wore it well . 
 she looked very desirable . 
 i glanced around for aiden . 
 he was in the corner by the pool table , watching darren tell an animated basketball story . 
 at least it looked like a basketball story . 
 not sure what else those hip-thrusting movements could stand for . 
 `` ew , '' leona said , coming to stand next to me . 
 `` she showed up . '' 
 i grinned before looking sideways at her . 
 leona 's hair was in a high ponytail , and she had extra-big hoops in her ears . 
 she was super-stylish . 
 just then kira came bouncing over , nodding emphatically as she snapped her gum . 
 `` well , well , '' she said , blowing a bubble and then sucking it in with a loud pop . 
 `` chloe 's outfit is totally tawdry . 
 she reminds me of that yvonne lady that rueben monroe 's been doing . '' 
 `` she does ! '' 
 leona said , turning to her and laughing . 
 even though i was happy to see leona and kira getting along for once , talking so carelessly about a scandal was hardly becoming of a smitten kitten . 
 `` we do n't discuss assignments outside of practice , '' i said quietly , leaning back on my heels as i spoke . 
 `` sorry , '' they both mumbled . 
 `` besides , '' i said , looking worriedly at chloe . 
 `` we really should be more polite . '' 
 i folded my hands behind my back , wishing christian 's sister would change her mind and leave . 
 kira stepped forward , fluffing her curls , and then turned back to me , grinning . 
 `` for sure , tessa . 
 it is the smitten kitten way . '' 
 she winked and walked through the crowded room , looking perkier than usual , her pink skirt fluttering up with her movements . 
 `` uh-oh , '' leona said . 
 `` seems she 's found her next victim . '' 
 guess their truce had n't lasted long . 
 i was about to scold leona for picking on kira again , but she turned to leave before i could . 
 then kira 's high-pitched voice carried over the crowd . 
 `` hi , christian , '' she said with exaggerated enthusiasm , putting her arms around his waist and hugging him . 
 chloe shot her a dirty look . 
 `` oh , '' christian said , looking surprised by her attention . 
 `` what 's up , kira ? '' 
 he shot a quick look around , found me , and then went back to staring at her . 
 `` chloe , '' kira said , turning to her , just as loudly . 
 `` i 'm so glad you 're here . '' 
 christian 's sister seemed thrown off . 
 `` me ... too ? '' 
 kira giggled , releasing her grip on christian to embrace his sister . 
 i snickered . 
 chloe looked freaked out by kira 's hospitality . 
 my counselor had once told me that children of divorce sometimes lack self-esteem . 
 hm . 
 i might have believed that about chloe if she were n't scouting the room , totally looking for my boyfriend . 
 `` let me show you around , '' kira said , taking her by the elbow . 
 `` aiden 's pretty busy . '' 
 nice . 
 kira was a clever kitten sometimes . 
 the last thing i wanted was for my boyfriend to give chloe a personal tour . 
 not when she was dressed like that . 
 i looked back for aiden , but he was gone . 
 my stomach turned . 
 `` hi , tessa . '' 
 i jumped . 
 christian . 
 `` hi . '' 
 dang . 
 he always snuck up on me . 
 `` you look beautiful , '' he said . 
 `` that dress is really pretty . '' 
 i smiled . 
 it was nice of him to notice my outfit . 
 i thought a sundress was perfectly suited . 
 for a low-key party ! 
 `` thanks , '' i responded . 
 `` you look peachy too . '' 
 and he did . 
 nice button-down , loafers , hair pulled back in a ponytail . 
 very preppy cute . 
 we stood for a minute , awkwardly , as someone got ahold of the stereo and began blasting it with full bass . 
 christian stepped over to me and leaned his head next to mine to talk . 
 `` tessa , do you know where the beer is ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` will you show me ? 
 i 'm feeling a little nervous . '' 
 he paused , and his dark eyes looked different . 
 anxious . 
 balderdash ! 
 if he was feeling so uneasy , i must not be acting as a very gracious hostess . 
 just then someone turned down the music , and i took a deep breath . 
 i did n't like having to shout when i was n't in the gymnasium . 
 i shook my long waves to clear my head , about to cross the room . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' i said to christian . 
 `` i 'll get you one - '' `` i 'll come with you , '' he interrupted , stepping up and looping his arm in mine . 
 my smile faded . 
 `` i - '' `` i 'm back , '' kira announced as she bounded next to me . 
 she was grinning from ear to ear , mostly at christian . 
 i exhaled . 
 thank heavens she 'd come . 
 things had been getting very uncomfortable around here . 
 i unwound his arm from mine . 
 `` i 've got to find aiden , '' i said quickly , turning before i could see either of their expressions . 
 maybe leaving them alone together could spark something . 
 i did n't need to tell kira how christian had been so forward with me ; it might hurt her ego . 
 and i did n't want to do that-not when christian was clearly misguided in his feelings for me . 
 i was standing next to darren , but my boyfriend was no longer here . 
 darren turned to me , a pool stick in his hand . 
 `` hey there , sex kitten , '' he said in his smooth , deep voice . 
 `` you hunting for your boy ? '' 
 `` it 's smitten . 
 and yes , have you seen him ? '' 
 i put my fists on my hips , feeling a bit lost . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he pointed toward the back door . 
 `` he went out to the bonfire to get more beers . 
 tell him to hurry up , will ya , tess ? '' 
 `` sure . '' 
 i chewed on my lip as i made my way through the kitchen to the yard . 
 the music was louder out here with the bass pumping through the speakers set up on the patio . 
 luckily aiden 's nearest neighbor was half an acre away . 
 besides , there was no need to worry about getting in trouble . 
 no one would call the police on the wildcats ' point guard-we had a chance to make the playoffs this year ! 
 i paused as i stepped onto his wooden deck . 
 aiden was in the grass at the keg , laughing , smiling , and looking very happy ... talking with chloe . 
 my face stung . 
 she tossed her blond hair over her shoulder , and as she bent down in front of aiden to get a plastic cup out of its sleeve , her cle ** age was on full display . 
 i think i even saw a nipple . 
 aiden looked away quickly . 
 he must have too . 
 i put my palm over my forehead , feeling sick . 
 backing up , i turned around and walked into the house . 
 it was loud . 
 people were talking , saying hi to me as i moved past them . 
 i found a quiet spot against the wall in the hallway near the stairs . 
 my heart was racing . 
 nothing was going on with aiden and chloe . 
 i was being irrational . 
 he was just talking to her-probably being polite , like i 'd always told him to be . 
 i needed to get a grip . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 a few minutes passed , but i did n't move . 
 i did n't want to go back out there . 
 i did n't want to see if it had gotten any worse . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 christian was next to me , talking in a soft voice . 
 i could n't look at him . 
 but i felt him lean next to me against the wall . 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` you do n't look like you 're having very much fun . '' 
 i opened my eyes and turned to him . 
 he smiled and took a sip from the cup of beer he was holding . 
 that was an understatement . 
 i nodded . 
 `` yeah , it 's been a weird night . '' 
 `` i know . 
 me too . '' 
 i tilted my head . 
 `` why is it weird for you ? '' 
 `` kira . 
 you trying to leave us alone together . '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` very slick , '' he added sarcastically . 
 that was funny . 
 i 'd actually thought it was sort of slick . 
 i glanced down the hall , back to where the party was in full force , wondering what aiden was doing . 
 `` your boyfriend is ignoring you , '' christian said , staring into his beer . 
 my stomach dropped . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 christian 's eyes met mine , looking at me in the aggressive way they had that night at miniature golf . 
 `` he is ignoring you , is n't he ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` in fact , i think he 's talked to chloe more than he 's talked to you tonight . '' 
 `` well , then maybe you should grab your sister and go , '' i snapped . 
 my breath caught . 
 i could n't believe i was being so rude ! 
 what was happening to me ? 
 `` naw . '' 
 christian shook his head . 
 `` i do n't tell my sister what to do . 
 she can handle herself . 
 she always has . '' 
 christian looked me up and down . 
 `` and right about now , i think she wants to handle your boyfriend . '' 
 i was about to raise my voice or push him violently . 
 do something . 
 but i just stared at him , my chest heaving under my sundress . 
 did he think aiden liked her ? 
 christian looked away , almost like he was sorry he 'd brought it up , but i doubted he was . 
 he probably saw it as an opening to get to me . 
 it was n't . 
 `` can i grab you a beer ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i shook my head , still trying to understand the jealousy raging through me . 
 `` no , thank you . '' 
 christian chuckled . 
 `` let me guess-you do n't drink either ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 it was n't like i 'd never had alcohol before ; i just preferred not to drink it on a regular basis . 
 but honestly , a beer did n't sound like a bad idea right now . 
 christian took a long sip from his cup , smiling to himself . 
 `` you are definitely nothing like the other cheerleaders i 've met . '' 
 i was about to be offended on behalf of all spirit saviors everywhere when christian reached out , touching one of the thick waves of hair that hung over my shoulder . 
 i gasped . 
 he was n't allowed to touch me . 
 even my hair . 
 and he should n't be caressing my strands like that ! 
 `` hey there , chris , '' aiden called out as he appeared behind him . 
 he stepped forward , dropping his heavy arm over christian 's shoulders . 
 christian 's face fell , and he immediately unhanded my hair . 
 he nodded at aiden , looking uncomfortable , and then took a nervous sip from his drink . 
 my face tingled as my eyes met aiden 's slightly glassy gaze . 
 i had nothing to be ashamed of-it was n't like i 'd forced my hair in between christian 's fingers-but i felt a little guilty . 
 sos tendency . 
 non-boyfriend physical contact was a definite no-no . 
 aiden beamed at me , taking a drink from his own beer . 
 he looked sideways at christian . 
 `` is tessa being a good hostess ? '' 
 he asked , pulling him into one of those almost headlock hugs and releasing him with a laugh . 
 i blinked rapidly , trying to read aiden 's mood . 
 he looked fine . 
 a little drunk , but otherwise stellar . 
 `` yeah , '' christian said , straightening his shirt before looking back at my boyfriend . 
 `` tessa 's being very polite . '' 
 normally i 'd have thought it was sweet of him to notice , but right now , i was n't in the mood . 
 i wanted to talk to aiden . 
 my boyfriend looked proud . 
 `` tessa is always nice , are n't you , baby ? 
 especially to strangers . '' 
 he set his beer on the hallway table and stepped forward , putting his hand in my hair and holding a few strands there , palm up , like he was checking to see if christian had damaged it . 
 `` a little ray of sunshine , '' he continued , separating the strands with his fingers . 
 i could smell the alcohol on his breath . 
 `` did you miss me ? '' 
 he asked , meeting my eyes and then narrowing his seductively . 
 i nodded , suddenly and completely hot for him , hotter than usual . 
 was it the way he was touching me ? 
 was it christian or his sister ? 
 i was n't sure . 
 but i licked my lips , daring aiden to be naughty . 
 he noticed . 
 he slid his hand over my shoulder and behind my neck to draw me against him . 
 but instead of ravaging me , he leaned over to kiss my cheek lightly , pausing there to whisper , `` you 're my little angel , tessa crimson . '' 
 when he pulled away , we stood there watching each other , both of us breathing a little heavy . 
 christian coughed . 
 my boyfriend exhaled and straightened up , taking a second to look down at me adoringly . 
 `` i love you , '' he mouthed silently before bending back down to peck my lips . 
 `` i love you too . '' 
 i did n't bother whispering it . 
 i wanted the world to know . 
 `` you continue being cute , '' he said to me , raising his eyebrow . 
 `` but not too cute . '' 
 he smiled , and i felt decidedly better . 
 `` i 'll try , '' i said . 
 `` now i 'm going downstairs to the basement to watch the game on the big screen with the team . 
 unless , of course , you needed to talk to me alone , tessa . '' 
 his eyes flashed wickedly . 
 he made my insides turn to oatmeal when he talked sexy like that . 
 `` i think we can chat later . '' 
 we 'd have to . 
 hooking up at a party full of people would be a terrible example to set . 
 `` oh , we can , '' aiden agreed , nodding , slowly backing up . 
 `` and i have a lot to say , too . 
 it 's going to be a very long conversation . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 i smiled as i watched aiden walk toward the stairs . 
 then , as if in afterthought , he turned around . 
 `` do n't keep her too long , chris . 
 tessa has other guests to be polite to . '' 
 `` it 's christian , '' christian said , mostly under his breath . 
 aiden winked at me and then disappeared down the steps . 
 feeling much better , i watched as the rest of the team filed down after him . 
 i was aiden 's angel ! 
 everything was going to be fine . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 i looked at christian dreamily and wondered why he was still standing there . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i know about you and sos . '' 
 my . 
 heart . 
 stopped . 
 a breath escaped between my lips , but i could n't speak . 
 it was like my air was gone . 
 christian and i stared at each other , and he looked almost apologetic . 
 but he knew . 
 leaping lizards ! 
 he knew . 
 `` let 's go , '' a low voice hissed . 
 i looked to my left to see chloe approaching , a scowl firmly planted on her overly painted mouth . 
 i was shaking so badly , i was afraid i might pass out . 
 i steadied myself against the wall . 
 christian reached out and put his hand on my waist . 
 `` hey , '' he whispered . 
 `` i 'm sorry if i scared you . 
 i promise i 'm not going to tell anybody , but i think we should talk about it . '' 
 keep breathing , tessa . 
 `` i 'll see you later , okay ? '' 
 and he did look sorry . 
 that meant that he was either actually sorry or i was incredibly pale and he thought i might faint . 
 maybe both . 
 i glanced at chloe . 
 her eyebrows were pulled together , but she did n't look too concerned with me . 
 she was ticked about something else entirely . 
 i wondered if it had to do with aiden . 
 christian was still touching me , and there was a sick turn in my belly . 
 what now ? 
 was he going to expose us ? 
 try and blackmail me ? 
 i backed away from him , letting his hand fall . 
 he nodded , almost like he understood my dread . 
 then he turned around , took his sister by the elbow , and walked through the party and out the front door . 
 when he was gone , i ran to the bathroom and threw up . 
 `` you 're awfully quiet , '' aiden said , kissing my neck as we lay together on the leather sofa in his basement . 
 normally i 'd have made a squeak or two by now -lrb- he found that adorable -rrb- , but my body was too numb . 
 i was still in shock . 
 `` tessa , '' he mumbled , running his hand down to the bottom of my dress , tugging at my hem like he was dying to pull it off . 
 `` you 're a bit ... unresponsive , baby . '' 
 he nibbled at my ear . 
 this could have been a good night . 
 it felt like aiden and i were getting back on track ; and now , suddenly , the whole flipping train had derailed . 
 and i did n't know where i was stranded . 
 `` sorry , '' i said , shifting my position under him , trying to refocus on the task at hand . 
 aiden pulled my knee over his hip as he brought his mouth to mine again , kissing me deeply . 
 but all i could think about were the smitten kittens . 
 we 'd lose everything . 
 if everyone found out that we were sos , we 'd be shunned from high school society . 
 oh , my word . 
 we 'd be dead meat . 
 my boyfriend pulled away , breathing heavily , staring down into my face . 
 i realized i was n't panting at all . 
 that might have hurt his ego . 
 `` tessa ? 
 what 's up ? '' 
 he was still on top of me , but there was nothing frisky going on anymore . 
 aiden looked pretty annoyed as he tried to catch his breath . 
 i wanted to trust him with our secret . 
 i wanted so much to be free of it , but what if he could n't forgive me for lying to him ? 
 what would i do then ? 
 `` nothing 's wrong , '' i said quickly . 
 lincoln memorial ! 
 all i did was lie . 
 aiden stared at me before clenching his jaw and climbing off . 
 he leaned over the edge of the sofa , putting his elbows on his knees and resting his head in his palms . 
 he looked dejected . 
 `` aiden ? '' 
 he turned to me , his green eyes glassy but not from alcohol . 
 `` i do n't understand you anymore , tess , '' he said seriously . 
 `` do n't say that . '' 
 `` it 's true . '' 
 he rubbed roughly at his face . 
 `` you 're so distant . 
 distracted . 
 half the time , i do n't even know if you 're listening to me . '' 
 `` sweetie , i always listen ... '' aiden raked his fingers through his hair , staring across the room , pressing his lips together like he was trying to stop them from trembling . 
 `` tessa , '' he said , sounding miserable . 
 `` maybe my mother 's right . 
 maybe we should - '' i jumped forward and grabbed his face , kissing him hard . 
 i did n't want to know what he was about to say . 
 there was nothing to talk about . 
 there was nothing i could talk about . 
 he just had to understand how much i needed him . 
 wanted him . 
 `` baby , '' he breathed , tangling his hand in my hair . 
 `` we do n't have to ... '' but i pushed him back on his couch , and we hooked up right here , in his basement . 
 without talking . 
 aiden exhaled , snuggling closer to me , his face resting against the back of my neck . 
 `` i love you , '' he said . 
 i smiled . 
 `` i love you too . '' 
 we were quiet for a minute , our heartbeats mixing together . 
 i bit the inside of my cheek . 
 right now , i felt safe being here with him , so warm . 
 at times like this , i felt like i could talk to him about anything-even sos . 
 `` why did you invite christian and chloe to your party ? '' 
 i asked . 
 my boyfriend was the biggest sweetheart in the world , but he was n't dense . 
 if i knew about christian 's interest in me , aiden had probably read it even sooner . 
 so why would he invite him here ? 
 aiden sighed . 
 `` i 'm not telling you . 
 you 'll be mad at me . '' 
 i rubbed my back into him , letting him wrap me up tighter . 
 `` i won , '' i whispered . 
 `` i promise . '' 
 `` i ... thought he should know . '' 
 i scrunched my nose . 
 `` what did you need him to know ? '' 
 `` that you 're with me . '' 
 talking about christian was making me tremble . 
 did aiden feel it ? 
 `` he knows i 'm with you , '' i said , but my voice cracked . 
 `` does he ? '' 
 i did n't like aiden 's tone . 
 my paws had no intention of wandering anywhere else . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` because by the way he was playing with your hair , tess , he did n't seem to get the picture at all . '' 
 my face stung . 
 was he accusing me of something ? 
 i sat up , letting aiden 's arm fall off of me . 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 i asked , glaring at him . 
 he scoffed . 
 `` i 'm not a chump . 
 the kid watches your ass every time you walk by . 
 you telling me you have n't noticed ? '' 
 aiden pulled himself up , and i wished he 'd put his shirt back on . 
 it was very distracting when i was trying to be royally po 'd at him . 
 `` i 'm aware that christian has a crush on me , '' i said . 
 `` but i 'm trying to fix him up with kira . '' 
 though now i had to rethink that . 
 we 'd all been compromised . 
 aiden grabbed his t-shirt off the back of the couch and slid it over his head , pushing his arms roughly through the sleeves . 
 `` and how long have you been aware of it , tessa ? '' 
 i tilted my head . 
 it was nice to see aiden get jealous , but i did n't need him to be unreasonable either . 
 i 'd still have to handle christian somehow without exposing the smitten kittens . 
 i straightened my posture . 
 `` at lunch detention he made it clear . 
 and at miniature golf - '' `` wait . 
 what ? '' 
 gingersnaps ! 
 i 'd let that one slip out . 
 `` it was nothing . '' 
 i waved my hand . 
 `` leona and i - '' `` did you go on a f ** king date with him ? '' 
 aiden 's voice boomed through the room , bouncing off the cement walls of the basement . 
 my face burned with shame . 
 `` absolutely not ! 
 how could you ask that ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , tess . 
 i never know where you are anymore . 
 you 're quiet all the time . 
 you 're like a different f ** king person lately ... . '' 
 my mouth fell open . 
 he was being crude . 
 `` and do n't tell me not to swear , '' he said , holding up a finger . 
 `` i 'm really angry , and i have every right to swear . '' 
 `` aiden . '' 
 i reached out to touch his hair , but he moved his head away . 
 `` would you rather i did n't give a shit ? 
 would that be better ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 had n't i wanted aiden to get a little jealous ? 
 he should be . 
 christian was after me . 
 but i had to diffuse this situation because now , christian had the power to ruin my life . 
 to ruin aiden and me . 
 i twitched my nose , trying to channel the sweet , peppy cheerleader everyone loved so much . 
 i met aiden 's eyes . 
 `` forget christian , '' i said in the cutest voice possible . 
 `` you 're more than i can handle , wildcat . 
 and you 're the only one i purr for . '' 
 i leaned toward him and kissed his cheek , believing my words . 
 `` tessa , '' he whispered , but i could tell he liked it . 
 he liked me like this . 
 `` come on , point guard , '' i said , standing up , taking his hand . 
 `` it 's late . 
 and i think my feet are still a little sore from practice . 
 you ... '' i licked my lips . 
 `` you want to rub them for me ? '' 
 it was true . 
 my toes did feel a little cramped , and aiden liked to make them feel better . 
 i 'd deal with christian later . 
 right now , i had someone else to cheer up . 
 i could be like this . 
 energetic . 
 positive . 
 even if i was so very tired . 
 aiden got up , looking at me doubtfully . 
 then , `` did you bring any polish ? '' 
 he asked off-handedly , like he did n't care either way . 
 `` passion pink . '' 
 he growled . 
 `` baby , that 's my favorite . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 we stood together , smiling at each other , and it felt right . 
 the way it 'd been before sos started getting so many cases . 
 the times before new students came to washington high to mess with my life . 
 aiden and i were the real deal . 
 we could get past this . 
 if we loved each other , we could get past anything . 
 sos background check results form result : 004 client : madeline haskel subject : roger stanvick dear ms. haskel , we are sorry to inform you that mr. stanvick 's background report has not ended positively . 
 sos does not endorse him as your next boyfriend . 
 it was determined that mr. stanvick spent his 10 p.m. to 2 a.m. shift in mini-golf mania 's back room with an unidentified accomplice . 
 we believe his name was mark . 
 we are terribly sorry that it 's not better news . 
 sos would like to offer you an extension on your certificate . 
 please let us know if you find another potential boyfriend . 
 but we do advise that for your next subject , try to avoid the drama club . 
 thank you for your continued support , and sos truly hopes that your dating needs are eventually met . 
 have a great day . 
 chapter twelve on sunday , kira showed up with the blue prints for the next assignment . 
 she 'd spent half the day in the library while she mapped out mitch angley 's house and charted our course . 
 it was a rough one . 
 scaling walls , roof tie-downs . 
 i hated second-story bedrooms . 
 i debated telling her about christian , but kira would get really shaky . 
 that would n't work if she was going to be supporting my weight as i snapped some photos . 
 no . 
 this was my problem to handle . 
 after all , i was the captain . 
 the night was quiet and cool as i started descending the wall of mitch 's house . 
 the siding was slippery under my sneaks , and i tried my best to get a foothold . 
 `` tessa , '' kira whispered from the roof above me . 
 `` i 'm losing my grip . '' 
 not good . 
 if kira -lrb- a very dependable base -rrb- did indeed lose her grip , i would end up in a pile on mitch angley 's rosebushes . 
 ouch . 
 `` just one more second , '' i whispered . 
 placing my feet against the sill of mitch 's second-story bedroom window , i tried to take some of my weight off of kira 's short and compact frame . 
 i reached into my backpack , glancing down once to see that i would probably miss the rosebushes and instead land on the side yard fence . 
 silk pajamas ! 
 that would be painful . 
 `` hurry , '' kira grunted , the rope shaking under my weight . 
 i found the night scope for my camera and snapped it on . 
 it did n't take me long to find the figures in the dark room . 
 through the slats in the blinds , i aimed my camera at the bed . 
 i swallowed the metallic taste in my mouth . 
 there were some things a lady should never do , and one of them was to see another girl on her hands and knees and take a picture . 
 my stomach turned with anxiety . 
 this was the part of the investigation i hated . 
 the actual witnessing . 
 it was worse than relaying the bad news , in truth because the bad news did n't come directly from me . 
 in fact , leona wrote up all the reports . 
 but this , out here , hanging from a bungee on the side of mitch angley 's house-this was me . 
 i snapped a few pictures , careful to make sure the shots would show their faces . 
 it was a bit difficult at first , but thankfully , they eventually switched positions . 
 after my last picture , i had turned to slide my camera into my backpack when i felt the first tug . 
 i nearly dropped the camera . 
 `` kira , '' i whispered . 
 thank goodness mitch 's parents invested in those double-pane windows . 
 the added sound barrier was essential right now , since getting caught dangling would be a very bad idea . 
 `` i 'm trying , '' she grunted . 
 suddenly , i dropped down about five feet . 
 my backpack slid off my shoulders and landed on the bushes below . 
 huh . 
 i guessed i could make the roses after all . 
 i looked up . 
 i wanted kira to ease me up or set me down , but ... i was n't even sure where she was anymore . 
 and i was just swaying . 
 glancing around as i spun , i tried to find something to grab onto , but i was too far off the house now . 
 i was afraid to swing on the rope because it might cause her to further lose her grip . 
 fiddler on the roof ! 
 i was going to break my leg . 
 `` drop down , '' a voice whispered from below me . 
 my eyes widened . 
 `` christian ? '' 
 this could not be happening . 
 i was so busted . 
 christian had concrete proof now . 
 i looked down at him and he smiled . 
 he was wearing a black beanie and a dark , long-sleeved tee . 
 was he in disguise too ? 
 `` hurry up . '' 
 he laughed . 
 `` just drop down . 
 i 've got you . '' 
 got me ? 
 hm . 
 i did n't like the double meaning . 
 looking up the length of the rope , i considered trying to climb up it , but that was a physical fitness test that i had certainly failed . 
 rope climbing-not my thing . 
 `` tessa , '' christian whispered loudly , holding his arms up like he would catch me . 
 not likely . 
 i was still at least a dozen feet up . 
 `` kira , '' i called to the roof again . 
 she squealed . 
 and then she dropped me . 
 `` holy shit , '' christian said as i tumbled on top of him and , indeed he did not catch me . 
 but he did break my fall . 
 we 'd been loud . 
 i saw the bedroom light flick on as christian grabbed me by the sleeve and pulled me against the wall under the bedroom window . 
 i was breathing heavily , terrified and still pumping adrenaline . 
 i could hear kira 's sneakers scurry across the roof . 
 ouch . 
 i might have sprained my ankle . 
 and there were christian and i , panting , shoulder to shoulder against a house . 
 i looked sideways at him . 
 `` what are you doing here ? '' 
 i whispered fiercely . 
 he grinned . 
 `` saving your life . '' 
 he looked away . 
 `` obviously . '' 
 well , that was sort of cute . 
 but ... peanut butter sandwiches ! 
 how did he find me ? 
 this was highly alarming . 
 i stepped away from the wall to glare at him . 
 `` have you been following me ? '' 
 maybe that was how he 'd found out about sos in the first place . 
 he was a flipping stalker ! 
 `` following you ? '' 
 he asked as if he did n't understand the question . 
 oh , right . 
 it was just a coincidence that he showed up , all covert-like . 
 the second-floor window slid open . 
 my stomach dropped . 
 suddenly , christian grabbed me around the waist and covered my mouth with his other hand , pulling me against him , pinning us to the wall . 
 not good . 
 we were pressed together , face to face , and i was unable to move . 
 we listened , and christian moved his hand away from my mouth , making my lips much more accessible to him . 
 his breath smelled like spearmint . 
 i narrowed my eyes . 
 `` who 's out here ? '' 
 mitch called from the window . 
 butterscotch ! 
 i pressed closer to christian and tucked my head into his neck . 
 he smelled really good . 
 we could n't get spotted now . 
 mitch was just above us . 
 christian 's hand slid up my back to hold my neck under my hair protectively , inappropriately . 
 the night air was filled with the chirping of crickets , and i waited . 
 i waited for the sound of the window , but all i could hear right now was the sound of my heartbeat pounding in my ears . 
 i was in a very compromised position . 
 and i did not like it . 
 there was a thump that i recognized as a pane closing , and i exhaled , straightening up . 
 i looked up and saw the light flick out . 
 apple dippers ! 
 i thought i 'd be against christian for the rest of my life . 
 i moved back , eyeing him . 
 he was smiling , no doubt still smelling my perfume . 
 but he knew . 
 christian knew something about me that no one outside of the smitten kittens knew . 
 not even aiden . 
 we were spies . 
 i 'd have to find out how he 'd compromised us , but first , i needed to skedaddle before mitch found me hiding among his rosebushes . 
 `` now what ? '' 
 i asked , jetting my glance around the property . 
 my face was tingling . 
 i hated that i needed to ask christian anything , but i knew that boys did n't unmask a secret society of snooping cheerleaders , catch one falling off of a roof , and then just keep their mouths shut about it . 
 `` we should get out of here , '' he said . 
 `` let me take you home . '' 
 i groaned . 
 sure , it sounded simple , but this kitten was n't born yesterday . 
 christian wanted to offer me more than a ride home . 
 did i have a choice ? 
 that was the better question . 
 the sos cell phone vibrated in my pocket . 
 my eyes flicked to christian 's . 
 he was grinning madly . 
 i turned away and put the phone to my ear . 
 it was kira . 
 `` tess . '' 
 she was frantic . 
 `` oh , my , are you hurt ? '' 
 `` i 'm fine , '' i whispered , although my ankle did feel a little sore . 
 `` you guys go to leona 's , and i 'll meet you there later . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 she was freaked out . 
 the second rule of sos was never to leave a smitten kitten behind . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i said . 
 `` i have to take care of something . 
 i 'll see you in an hour . '' 
 i could sense her worry . 
 poor thing , she was n't good at making split-second decisions-like that time she let mike rambler get to second base . 
 `` k , i have to go . 
 wait for me there . '' 
 i hung up . 
 that was bad manners , not saying goodbye . 
 but i needed to get this little rendezvous over with , and i could n't let my squad have a chance to talk me out of it . 
 i was the leader . 
 i needed to cut the red wire . 
 or was it the blue wire ? 
 dang it ! 
 `` you ready ? '' 
 christian asked like he was picking me up for a date . 
 right . 
 ride home , my rear . 
 i felt sick . 
 it felt unnatural to be getting in another boy 's car . 
 i just wanted aiden . 
 i wanted my sweetie . 
 instead , i nodded and led the way through the overgrown side yard to the street . 
 christian jogged ahead of me to the car and opened the door for me to get in . 
 well , that was polite . 
 but i was n't impressed . 
 it only succeeded in making me uneasy . 
 when he closed my door and ran around the front of the car , i closed my eyes . 
 this might not go well . 
 in fact , i might just have to do something i did n't want to do : be rude . 
 i did n't have to give christian directions to my house . 
 he already knew where it was . 
 see , total stalker . 
 when he pulled into my driveway , he cut the engine . 
 pirates of the caribbean ! 
 what did he want now ? 
 he exhaled . 
 `` okay , so i know this may be coming off as a little frightening , but i swear i 'm not a creep or anything . '' 
 `` you sure ? '' 
 i was angry . 
 i was angry that i 'd let myself be so vulnerable to a stranger . 
 i had to tell aiden . 
 he should n't find out from christian . 
 `` tessa , '' christian said . 
 `` i 'm not , like , going to blackmail you or anything , if that 's what you 're worried about . '' 
 i turned to him , feeling a little less terrified . 
 i had been afraid of that . 
 `` what do you want , then ? '' 
 he smiled but stared down at his steering wheel . 
 `` well , you already know i like you ... '' i shifted uncomfortably . 
 `` but more than anything , i just want to help you . 
 you 're in over your head . 
 you could have been killed tonight . '' 
 he was right on both accounts . 
 `` ca n't you just drop this ? '' 
 i pleaded . 
 `` forget that you know ? '' 
 it was a long shot , but worth asking . 
 he shook his head . 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't . '' 
 so it was blackmail . 
 `` and how do you propose you help me , christian ? '' 
 i felt prickles of anxiety crawl over my skin as i looked over the interior of his car . 
 it was a honda . 
 old , but clean . 
 such a sensible car . 
 and yet i felt trapped . 
 in this situation , i was trapped . 
 `` i just want to spend time with you . 
 and i think i can help with sos . '' 
 that could n't happen . 
 my eyes glazed over with a sense of dread . 
 `` how did you find out about us anyway ? '' 
 i asked , my voice monotone . 
 i felt completely overtaken . 
 `` i saw some of your notes to cassandra heart . '' 
 i faced him . 
 `` what ? 
 she let you see those ? '' 
 we 'd helped cassie ! 
 she knew all communication was top secret . 
 how could she betray us ? 
 `` she did n't really mean to tell me , '' he said , as if he thought it would make me feel better . 
 `` it was sort of in the heat of the moment - '' `` you hooked up with cassie ? '' 
 there was a tug in my chest . 
 it was n't jealousy or anything , just surprise . 
 okay , maybe a small bit of jealousy . 
 i thought i was the only one he stalked . 
 `` i was with her once . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` right after she found out about her boyfriend . 
 she went on and on about these pictures , and then i remembered seeing you at applebee 's . 
 so i started following you . 
 then i spotted you at mini-golf and then later on some guy 's porch . 
 i put two and two together , but i have n't said a word to anyone . 
 i swear . '' 
 i met his dark eyes , trying to decide whether or not he was telling the truth . 
 he looked honest , but did n't i look honest ? 
 and i was a liar . 
 aiden . 
 `` aiden does n't know , '' i blurted . 
 suddenly , i felt a tear run down my cheek . 
 jolly green giant ! 
 now i was crying in front of christian . 
 i was so completely vulnerable . 
 christian 's mouth opened , but he did n't say anything . 
 i wiped my cheeks quickly , embarrassed by my temporary lack of control . 
 i pulled it together . 
 i sniffled . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` it 's okay . 
 i wo n't tell him . '' 
 that made me feel better . 
 relieved . 
 `` so that 's it ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you 're not going to tell anybody ? '' 
 he smiled softly at me . 
 `` i wo n't . '' 
 `` and you 're not asking for anything in return other than quality time . '' 
 he paused . 
 my heart stopped . 
 `` that 's all . 
 just time with you . 
 helping you . '' 
 `` i can take care of myself . '' 
 `` you fell off a roof . '' 
 i rolled my eyes . 
 `` you 're exaggerating . '' 
 christian shook his head and reached out to touch my knee . 
 my body flinched . 
 oh , no . 
 i would not stand for this . 
 `` do n't do that , '' i warned . 
 `` i have a very good high kick . '' 
 he chuckled , picking a leaf off my pants and holding it up to me . 
 `` relax , '' he said . 
 `` i 'm trying to look out for you . '' 
 i stared at him , confused . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 because i like you . 
 i like how you make me feel . 
 you 're just good , tessa . 
 i do n't know how else to explain it . 
 and i think somebody should be looking out for you . 
 your boyfriend is n't doing a bang-up job . '' 
 `` do n't talk about aiden like that , '' i said quickly . 
 but did i disagree ? 
 aiden had been different lately . 
 distant . 
 i ... i was lonely . 
 `` besides , '' christian said with a smile . 
 `` i 'd be good for stuff . 
 like for when you fall off buildings . '' 
 i laughed . 
 yes . 
 he did try and catch me , and that was chivalrous of him . 
 i exhaled , still watching him carefully . 
 i had no idea how to handle this . 
 my gut was telling me that this was a terrible idea , and my gut was rarely wrong . 
 but then again , i was in a very awkward formation . 
 not only was my reputation on the line , it was for the other smitten kittens too . 
 i had to look out for my girls . 
 i always looked out for them . 
 `` one assignment , '' i said , holding up my finger . 
 `` that 's it . '' 
 he grinned . 
 `` three . '' 
 i stared at him . 
 i did n't have the energy to apply my keen negotiation skills . 
 `` two . '' 
 `` i can live with two . '' 
 could i ? 
 this was not a great thing . 
 i had to tell aiden . 
 somehow , i had to tell him before things got even further out of my control . 
 christian seemed satisfied and restarted his car , reminding me that i had to go . 
 i still needed to meet the girls at leona 's . 
 `` i 'll ... '' what should i say ? 
 thanks for being my trampoline ? 
 see you on tuesday at the movies to spy on isaac park ? 
 i opted to keep it simple . 
 `` good night . '' 
 i reached for the handle . 
 `` tessa , '' he said . 
 i turned to him . 
 `` it was nice hanging out with you . '' 
 fudgsicle ! 
 how could he be polite at a time like this ? 
 `` uh ... bye . '' 
 i got out . 
 there was no need to respond when i was n't `` hanging out '' with him by choice . 
 he just showed up to basket-catch me . 
 i did n't fall on purpose . 
 i paused in my driveway and waited until christian 's car pulled away before i took out the cell phone . 
 kira needed to know what was going on with our newest addition . 
 but i paused . 
 i put the sos phone back in my purse and pulled out my cell to dial aiden . 
 he answered on the first ring . 
 `` hello . '' 
 he 'd been sleeping . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` hi , '' i said . 
 `` tess ? 
 what 's up , baby ? '' 
 there was a rustling of sheets . 
 `` can i come over ? '' 
 i asked . 
 tears were stinging my eyes . 
 he would be so angry with me when he found out . 
 i was so scared to tell him . 
 but i had to . 
 then i would n't have to do anything with christian , and there 'd be no more sneaking around . 
 ever . 
 `` of course , '' aiden said , sounding more alert . 
 `` you need me to come get you ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i opened my eyes and looked at my car , parked off to the side . 
 `` i 'll come in the window . '' 
 `` i like when you sneak in my window , '' he whispered . 
 my body ached . 
 all i wanted was for sos to uncomplicate itself . 
 i should 've told aiden from the beginning . 
 i could barely remember now why i had n't . 
 `` tess , you okay ? '' 
 no . 
 i was n't . 
 i was very not okay . 
 `` yeah . 
 i 'll see you in ten minutes . '' 
 i closed the phone and paused , thinking back to the night mary told us her idea for sos . 
 everyone had thought it was crazy . 
 but i had n't . 
 i 'd liked it . 
 i wanted couples to stay together , but to stay together honestly . 
 the idea was a slam dunk as far as i was concerned . 
 because i 'd always wondered why my dad had left for so long . 
 i always wondered if it was another woman . 
 a breeze blew through my hair and i shivered . 
 our first assignment . 
 i wrapped my arms around myself , thinking of caleb perkins . 
 two years ago , he was aiden 's best friend . 
 he 'd also been cheating on his girlfriend . 
 that was it . 
 that was why i had n't told aiden . 
 wow . 
 i had n't thought about it in years . 
 when caleb 's girlfriend saw those pictures of him hooking up with another girl , she freaked . 
 she was the senior class homecoming queen , and she proceeded to destroy his rep. in fact , it 'd gotten so bad he 'd had to transfer schools . 
 aiden had been distraught . 
 and yet i 'd let him stress over it , never telling him that it was me-that it was me who 'd taken the pictures . 
 now it seemed so stupid for that to be the reason i 'd kept the secret for so long , but what could i do now ? 
 i put my palms over my face , trying to gather myself . 
 in this moment , i wished i 'd never heard of sos . 
 or cheaters . 
 looking down at my clothing , i realized i was still dressed like a ninja . 
 aiden could n't see me like this . 
 i readjusted my pack and turned to go inside my house to change . 
 i called kira and set up a meeting before school . 
 i did n't mention christian . 
 i 'd tell them tomorrow . 
 he was my problem , and i 'd deal with him . 
 but the squad needed to know that he 'd be around . 
 over the last two years , not one client that we helped had outed us . 
 it was total girl-code : a survivor 's bond . 
 but christian was n't obligated by any set of female ethics , or possibly by any ethics at all . 
 i just hoped he could keep a secret ; otherwise , the smitten kittens would be toast . 
 my adrenaline carried me up the wooden slats of aiden 's lattice quickly . 
 he 'd left the window open , and he sat up when i swung my legs over . 
 `` hi , baby , '' he called from the bed , looking all hugh hefner in a robe . 
 i quickly wondered what he had underneath it . 
 i was happy his mother 's bedroom was on the first floor . 
 i might need more than a foot rub tonight . 
 i smiled . 
 just smelling his room , perspiration with a hint of soap , felt so natural to me . 
 so much better than the smell of christian 's cologne , which still lingered in my nose . 
 stop . 
 i did n't want to think about him . 
 not here . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 aiden asked , getting up to meet me at the window , closing it quietly behind me . 
 `` tonight ? '' 
 `` uh ... '' he nodded . 
 `` yeah . 
 i called you like five times . '' 
 shoot . 
 where had i told aiden i was going to go ? 
 i blanked . 
 great scott ! 
 this was already going badly . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 he asked . 
 i met his gorgeous green eyes , and i could see they were so concerned . 
 but he was too adorable to have his brows pulled together like that . 
 i used my thumb to smooth out the wrinkle between them . 
 `` let 's not talk about me , '' i said , trying to channel my inner perk . 
 `` what have you been up to ? 
 i missed you . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 he grinned , leading me toward his bed . 
 he smoothed out the plaid comforter and then patted it . 
 `` sit down , '' he said . 
 `` i made you hot chocolate . '' 
 aw . 
 that was just about the sweetest thing he could have ever done . 
 i saw the world 's best athlete mug on the side table and grabbed it , taking a sip . 
 my eyes weakened as i looked at him . 
 `` you ... '' i almost cried . 
 `` you put marshmallows in it ? '' 
 he chuckled . 
 `` you sounded down . 
 i wanted to pick you up . '' 
 i stared at him as he stood in front of me , his robe tied shut . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` do you remember mary rudick ? '' 
 i asked suddenly . 
 this was it . 
 my heart was beating so fast , i thought i might pass out . 
 i was vaguely aware of the pulsating in my ankle . 
 `` kyle turkowitz 's ex-girlfriend ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 `` she was a great captain , '' i said . 
 my eyes had begun to water . 
 orion 's belt ! 
 please let me be brave enough to tell him . 
 `` she was good , '' aiden agreed as he sat down next to me . 
 `` why are you thinking about her ? 
 does n't she live in california ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she was lucky . 
 after starting all of this , she was able to have a life now . 
 and she probably had a boyfriend she did n't have to lie to . 
 we were quiet for a minute , and then aiden reached out to take my cup , setting it back on the side table . 
 `` come hug me , '' he whispered . 
 `` i want to hold you . '' 
 and i could n't say another thing . 
 i practically collapsed into aiden 's arms , crying softly as he stroked my hair . 
 `` oh , baby , '' he murmured . 
 `` is it your parents ? 
 are they splitting up again ? '' 
 i sniffled , but i did n't answer . 
 instead i pulled back , looking into his beautiful green eyes . 
 all this time , i could have told him . 
 but now it was too late . 
 he could n't find out . 
 i 'd do what christian wanted and soon , i 'd be like mary rudick . 
 aiden would be away at college in a few months and after that , just one more year of sos . 
 one more year of lying . 
 `` i love you , '' i said . 
 `` i could n't even cheer without you in my life . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` tess . '' 
 he put his palms on my cheeks and drew me close to him . 
 `` i 'll never not be in your life . 
 you are my life , baby . '' 
 aiden kissed me softly , tenderly . 
 then he laid me down and tucked me between his flannel sheets as he curled up next to me . 
 he stroked my hair , murmuring in my ear . 
 then , to the sound of his heartbeat , i drifted off . 
 sos cheater incident report case : 054 client : emily hodges subject : wiley penchant findings : at approximately 2 a.m. on march 3 , mr. penchant was observed leaving the windmill hotel with a female other than the client . 
 upon further investigation , it was revealed that the accomplice was mia hodges , the client 's sister . 
 mr. penchant and ms. hodges left the hotel in different vehicles , but before leaving , ms. hodges was overheard saying , `` you ca n't tell her , wil . 
 she 'll be devastated . 
 i love you too , but emily ca n't find out . '' 
 enclosed are the photos documenting the time the two spent in the hotel room . 
 surveillance captured footage of them kissing , along with other sexual situations . 
 mr. penchant also gave ms. hodges a box and wished her a happy `` one-year anniversary . '' 
 it was not clear what they were celebrating . 
 sos is confirming this cheat , and considering the severity of the findings , we would also like to extend our list of reputable therapists . 
 you will find it enclosed with the photos . 
 we trust that this report will remain confidential as some of the information contained within could compromise our top-secret status . 
 sos is sorry for your loss , and we offer our deepest sympathy . 
 we hope that we will not have to assist you again in the future , but please keep us in mind for referrals . 
 chapter thirteen `` queen of sheba ! '' 
 kira gasped , dropping her maroon and gray pom-poms on the wood floor . 
 `` he knows ? '' 
 she sat down , stunned . 
 i nodded . 
 the squad was not taking the news well . 
 neither was i. i had n't even ironed my cheer skirt this morning . 
 in fact , my braid had strands of hair dangling from it . 
 `` is he going to tell ? '' 
 leona asked , looking around the empty gymnasium . 
 poor thing . 
 she was so nervous . 
 she 'd actually chewed off three of her fingernails . 
 her french manicure was ruined . 
 `` well , '' i began , pacing in front of the bleachers as they sat watching me . 
 it was hard to look composed when i felt so broken . 
 `` he said he would n't . 
 but he 's asked to help . '' 
 `` help ? '' 
 kira squeaked with relief . 
 `` that 's so sweet ! '' 
 she was beaming . 
 i tried to smile , but my belly turned . 
 christian had said he was worried about me , but i knew the score . 
 all i had to do was indulge him in two assignments . 
 it was n't like i had to hook up with him . 
 thank heavens he knew better than to ask for that . 
 that would have earned him a swift kick to the groin . 
 `` how did he find out ? '' 
 leona asked . 
 i stared at her for a minute , unsure if i should tell . 
 cassie had messed up , it was true , but it was no reason to subject her to leona 's wrath . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i said . 
 `` and it does n't matter now . '' 
 but there was something else i wanted to talk to them about . 
 something i 'd realized as i snuck out of aiden 's window in the middle of the night . 
 `` after the christian situation is resolved ... '' i paused . 
 `` i think sos should take a break . '' 
 they all gasped . 
 `` what about the cheaters ? '' 
 izzie squealed . 
 `` we 're just going to let them get away with it ? 
 look at what happened to emily hodges-her boyfriend was sleeping with her sister ! '' 
 izzie looked sick . 
 we 'd caught her boyfriend with her cousin just last month . 
 `` tessa , '' leona spoke up . 
 `` can you imagine the cheater stats if we stopped tracking them ? 
 they 'd be out of control . '' 
 `` they 're already out of control , '' izzie whined . 
 `` even more reason to keep on it , '' leona shot back . 
 kira stood up , waving her hands wildly . 
 `` be quiet and let tessa have the court . '' 
 i took a deep breath , glancing from face to face . 
 their expressions told me one thing . 
 i 'd be a quitter . 
 if i did n't stick it out , i 'd be a quitter . 
 `` never mind , '' i said quietly . 
 `` i 'm just tired . '' 
 `` you look it , '' leona muttered . 
 i was glad i 'd never let her lead a practice . 
 her attitude was less than sparkly sometimes . 
 `` tessa , '' kira said , turning to me , looking serious . 
 her usual wide-eyed expression was gone . 
 this was the real kira , the one that kicked tush . 
 she marched over and hugged me tightly . 
 `` you 're choking me , '' i said . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 she backed up and tilted her head . 
 `` if you want to stop sos , i 'll follow your lead . 
 after all , we 'll still be smitten kittens . 
 even without the spying . '' 
 she was a peach . 
 an absolute georgia peach . 
 `` thanks , k. '' starry night ! 
 i was going to cry . 
 but the bell rang , signaling that we were all late for first period . 
 i sucked up my sorrow and straightened my posture . 
 `` shoot , '' izzie said , bounding toward the gymnasium door . 
 `` i 'm going to get the tardy chair ! '' 
 kira groaned and jogged over to get her pom-poms from the floor before leaving , and leona mumbled something to me about writing a letter to the school board as she walked out . 
 i exhaled , knowing one positive thing . 
 no matter what , the smitten kittens would always stick together . 
 i was late for history . 
 the class i shared with chri-fiddlesticks ! 
 scooting in three minutes late , kira and i were assigned lunch detention in front of the entire class . 
 no surprise there . 
 what was alarming was the fact that christian was absent , leaving his seat in the back row empty . 
 it made me pause in my distrust for him . 
 i 'd thought he 'd show up to gloat , stalk , or at least gaze , knowing that i was pretty much at his mercy . 
 but he did n't . 
 i was relieved . 
 the relief did n't last long , though . 
 ten minutes later , he walked into history . 
 his hair was pushed behind his ears , his cheeks rosy with what looked like athletic exertion . 
 it was ... attractive . 
 i folded my hands in my lap and glanced away . 
 my neck felt slightly warm . 
 `` nice of you to show up , mr. ferril , '' mr. powell said . 
 `` and i 'm sure you 'll be happy to hear that you get to share your afternoon in lunch detention with two cheerleaders . '' 
 christian chuckled , and when my eyes met his , he winked . 
 my stomach turned , and my fingers began to tremble . 
 he walked past my table , and kira tapped me on the thigh with her purple pom-pom pen . 
 `` tess , '' she whispered , her eyebrows pulled together . 
 `` do you think ... do you think christian is helping because he 's still crushing on you ? '' 
 i laughed . 
 i did n't know how else to react . 
 he 'd been obvious , and even though i knew it , i 'd still let him hang around me . 
 was it any wonder my life was about to fall apart ? 
 strawberry shortcake ! 
 i felt sick . 
 really si - `` mr. powell ? '' 
 i raised my hand . 
 `` yes , ms. crimson . '' 
 `` i need the nurse . 
 now . '' 
 i stood up , knocking my chair into the table behind me , but before i could make my way to the exit , i leaned over and threw up on the linoleum floor of the classroom . 
 i 'd had froot loops for breakfast , and it made my puke all rainbowy . 
 it was almost cute , but still , it got on my sneakers . 
 gross . 
 kira was there , moving my braid of hair away from my mouth and rubbing my back . 
 `` oh , tess ! '' 
 my head was swimming . 
 i could hear the class behind me , most of them sounding disgusted ; a few laughed . 
 suddenly , everything just felt so out of control . 
 tilted . 
 `` ms. crimson , '' mr. powell said , moving from his podium to come to stand near me . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 his voice was kind . 
 i appreciated that . 
 `` no , '' i said , wiping my mouth with the back of my hand . 
 `` do you want me to have the nurse come get you ? '' 
 i shook my head , but it made me dizzy . 
 i put my hand on the cool table to steady myself . 
 `` i 'll take her , '' i heard from behind me . 
 a hand slid around my waist , straightening me up . 
 christian . 
 `` no , '' i said , trying to push him back . 
 but i felt weak . 
 `` kira ? '' 
 i turned to look at her for the first time . 
 she was pure white . 
 she shook her head . 
 `` let him , tess , '' she said apologetically . 
 `` you know how much i hate chunky things . '' 
 it was true . 
 the girl did n't go anywhere near stew or cottage cheese . 
 shutterbug ! 
 once again , i was at the mercy of christian . 
 it was like he had control over every part of my life , including my health . 
 `` let go of me , '' i said , wiggling out of his grasp as he tried to touch me again . 
 the classroom door opened , and the janitor came in , sloshing a rolling bucket behind her . 
 i quickly wondered if she had vomit radar but then realized time had passed while i stood , trying to gather myself . 
 someone had even opened a window . 
 my stomach turned again . 
 i needed to move . 
 i quickly stepped forward , careful to avoid my puke , and despite my clear resistance to his help , christian found a way to get his hands on me again . 
 he held my elbow and led me out of the classroom just as the sound of water splashed on the classroom floor . 
 the minute we got into the deserted hallway , i stopped . 
 my vision was beginning to clear . 
 i still could n't understand what had happened . 
 i 'd thrown up more in the past few weeks than i had in my whole entire life . 
 it must have been stress-related , and i had a feeling that i knew the source of it . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i asked christian , using my hands to smooth back some of my loose strands of hair . 
 `` saving you again . '' 
 he sounded amused . 
 `` obviously . '' 
 i stared at him for a minute , unsure of whether or not to trust my gut or the things christian said . 
 he certainly had n't tried anything , and yet i could n't help but feel uneasy around him . 
 actually , the better word was queasy . 
 `` come on , '' he said , laughing a little . 
 `` i 'll take you to the nurse , and you can tell me about our first assignment . '' 
 `` no - '' `` you agreed to two , '' he interrupted . 
 `` and you would n't go back on your word , would you , tessa ? '' 
 he smiled as he said it , like it was n't a threat . 
 i glared at him , and the small smirk stayed on his lips . 
 they were nice lips , sort of full . 
 but they were n't mine . 
 the lips that belonged to me were about ten inches higher . 
 i closed my eyes . 
 `` so if i go back on my word ... '' i took a deep breath . 
 `` are you going to tell my boyfriend ? '' 
 christian chuckled . 
 `` come on , tessa . 
 hanging out with me ca n't be that bad . 
 would it really be worth telling aiden ? 
 it 's not like i 'm going to attack you . '' 
 `` well - '' `` not unless you want me to , '' he added . 
 a tingle spread over me , and i was suddenly alarmed . 
 only aiden was allowed to make me tingle there . 
 i took a step back . 
 christian shook his head . 
 `` i 'm kidding , '' he said , reaching out to touch my forearm . 
 `` let 's take you to the nurse 's office . 
 you look pasty . '' 
 i felt weak , so i let him pull me along , not saying anything . 
 i did n't want him to touch me . 
 definitely not . 
 and yet i let him lead me , not fighting back anymore . 
 i wondered if i 'd already become his prey . 
 as soon as christian left me alone with the nurse , i began to feel better . 
 her perfume did n't even make me nauseous . 
 i waited for aiden , knowing that kira would find him and tell him what had happened . 
 not that he would n't hear about it anyway . 
 i mean , i threw up in history class . 
 that was news . 
 second period started . 
 i chewed on the corner of my lip , glancing at the clock . 
 there was an ache in my chest . 
 why had n't my sweetie come to check on me ? 
 i glanced over at the nurse , who was keeping herself busy refilling the canister of cotton balls . 
 aiden . 
 my eyes began to sting , and i lay back down on the cot . 
 `` are you feeling sick again , ms. crimson ? '' 
 the nurse looked concerned . 
 i was glad someone was . 
 `` yeah , '' i said . 
 `` can you call my mom ? 
 i think i need to go home . '' 
 `` oh , honey , '' my mother said as she drove . 
 `` you look so pale . '' 
 i nodded , unable to shake the dread as i rested my head against the cool glass of the passenger window . 
 my life felt so off balance . 
 it was like i was on the top of a human pyramid with an unstable base . 
 my mother swallowed hard , and i could sense she wanted to talk to me . 
 it was rare that she was n't humming or talking . 
 this awkward pause was disconcerting . 
 `` tess ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` is everything ... okay ? '' 
 i turned to her , slowly , lifelessly . 
 `` why ? '' 
 but i could tell by the way she looked at me that i did n't seem well . 
 she blinked and then turned back to the road as she slowed down for a red light . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she said , looking sideways at me . 
 `` you seem to be tired all the time , and i have n't really seen aiden around . '' 
 i glanced at my lap , staring at my jeans and wishing i were wearing my uniform . 
 the sight of the gray and maroon colors sometimes cheered me up . 
 `` we 've been getting together a lot at night , '' i said quietly . 
 `` when you and daddy are at the club . '' 
 my mother gasped . 
 `` oh , no . 
 is that what this is , tess ? 
 is it because we 've been gone too much ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 she sounded so guilty , poor thing . 
 how could i tell her it was my own fault that i was down ? 
 it was the sneaking and the lying and the boy who was after me . 
 how could i tell her that i was losing aiden ? 
 `` that 's not it , mom , '' i said . 
 `` you guys are strawberry smoothie . 
 it 's ... it 's nothing . '' 
 i was lying again . 
 to my own mother . 
 `` tessa , '' she said softly . 
 i turned to her , desperately lonely . 
 `` you do n't have to be perfect , honey . 
 everyone gets sad sometimes . '' 
 `` not me . '' 
 and i tried to smile . 
 because the worry lines on my mother 's face were almost too much for me to handle . 
 she had her own life . 
 she should n't be concerned over mine . 
 she needed me like this . 
 she needed me to be a smitten kitten . 
 `` really , mom , '' i said , straightening my posture . 
 `` i 'm liquid gold right now . 
 i just felt a little sick . 
 i have n't been eating well . '' 
 everything inside me ached , but as i forced the perk , i started to feel it . 
 soon , i was myself again . 
 grinning , chatting . 
 when we got home , i helped my mother reorganize the cabinets after she made me chicken soup . 
 it was nice to stay busy , something to keep my mind off the fact that my phone did n't ring once . 
 well , the sos phone vibrated four times , but my phone did n't . 
 maybe aiden did n't know . 
 he 'd call me after lunch , though . 
 he 'd surely find out then . 
 but lunch came and went . 
 it was really hard to beat my mother at chess when i kept picking up my phone , checking to make sure i had n't missed a call or accidentally left it on silent mode . 
 at three my mom had to go pick up my father from the airport . 
 he 'd flown down to san francisco a few days ago , trying to book them a huge gig . 
 i was glad he 'd be back . 
 i 'd missed our talks . 
 three thirty . 
 school had let out close to forty minutes ago . 
 no aiden . 
 i made myself a cup of hot tea and debated whether or not to put on my uniform , just for morale . 
 i had curled my legs under me on the couch and reached out to grab the remote off the coffee table when the phone rang . 
 i nearly dropped my tea as i quickly set it down and snatched up the phone , pressing it to my ear . 
 `` sweetie , '' i whined . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 there was a chuckle , and my belly took a swift turn . 
 `` shoot , tessa , '' christian said . 
 `` i just saw you a few hours ago . '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 not again . 
 `` you really should n't call me , '' i said , unable to hide the disappointment in my voice . 
 where the heck was my boyfriend ? 
 `` you 're right , '' christian replied . 
 `` would it be better if i just came by ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 my heart rate sped up . 
 he 'd become so aggressive in his hunt . 
 it was really throwing me off . 
 `` no . 
 you ca n't - '' `` i 'm kidding . '' 
 he was laughing . 
 `` you need to lighten up . '' 
 `` oh , i 'm light , '' i mumbled . 
 `` like a feather . '' 
 i put my forearm over my eyes and leaned my head back into the couch cushions . 
 i just wanted christian out of my life . 
 `` listen , '' he said , still sounding amused . 
 `` kira caught up with me after school , said you guys were going on assignment tonight . 
 i wanted to check and see if you were still up for it . '' 
 dang it . 
 i wanted to get my two nights with another man over with , but could i really do this ? 
 especially when i seemed to throw up at the drop of a pom-pom these days . 
 `` fine , '' i said , surprising myself . 
 wait . 
 really ? 
 `` really ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` yeah . 
 meet me in front of my house at eleven . 
 we 're ... going to the movies . '' 
 i hung up and dropped the phone on the couch next to me . 
 napa valley ! 
 i 'd just made a date with another boy . 
 i groaned and collapsed into the cushions , covering my head with my arms . 
 my phone rang again . 
 okay , now he was going to get an earful . 
 i sat up , my pulse racing , and brought the receiver to my ear . 
 `` what now ? '' 
 i said , much ruder than i had been in years . 
 `` tess ? '' 
 aiden asked . 
 `` is that you ? '' 
 he sounded confused . 
 i was horrified . 
 `` hey , '' i said . 
 `` sorry , yeah . 
 i ... '' i could n't tell him i 'd thought he was someone else , because who else could it really be other than a smitten kitten ? 
 and i 'd never be rude to them . 
 i walked to the kitchen table and sat down on a hard wooden chair . 
 i was talking to my sweetie ; i should feel relieved . 
 instead , i felt anxious . 
 unsure . 
 `` heard you got sick , '' aiden said casually . 
 `` did you ? '' 
 a bit of anger prickled down my back . 
 `` were you worried ? '' 
 i rested my elbow on the linen tablecloth as i put my palm over my forehead . 
 `` of course , baby . '' 
 he laughed . 
 i clenched my jaw . 
 `` i could tell , '' i snapped . 
 holy crow ! 
 i was being sort of mean . 
 who was i ? 
 `` what ? '' 
 aiden asked . 
 i heard the phone shift on his ear . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? 
 are you pissed at me or something ? '' 
 oh , my word . 
 i could feel the beginnings of a fight . 
 but it was n't fair ! 
 he could n't just forget about me like that . 
 i would never forget about him . 
 `` you know what ? '' 
 i said , beginning to choke up . 
 `` i am po 'd . 
 you did n't come to find me . 
 you did n't call . 
 in fact , aiden , you 've been out of school for over an hour , and you 're just now getting ahold of me . 
 where were you ? '' 
 i did n't sound like myself . 
 i was acting crazy . 
 paranoid . 
 suspicious . 
 sos was getting to me . 
 but aiden paused , and there was a sickening twist in my belly . 
 `` i was working on a chemistry lab assignment , tessa . '' 
 no . 
 oh , no . 
 i took the phone away from my ear for a second , breathed out , and then brought it back . 
 `` with chloe ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 we stayed after . 
 i did n't find out you were sick until just now when kira called . '' 
 `` where were you at lunch ? '' 
 i needed to curl up in a ball and sob . 
 in about ten seconds , i was going to do just that . 
 `` same thing , baby . 
 working on chemistry . '' 
 small little aches began to break across my face , wanting me to cry . 
 `` so , '' i said , trying to sound as composed as possible . 
 `` you spent the entire day with chloe ? '' 
 sugar and spice ! 
 i would die . 
 `` do n't say it like that , '' aiden said , sounding annoyed . 
 `` damn , tessa . 
 do i say shit when you hang out with that prick ? '' 
 i was startled . 
 aiden knew better than to swear like that . 
 `` stop , '' i said . 
 `` no . '' 
 my eyes widened . 
 what was going on ? 
 things were so clearly upside down . 
 my boyfriend was angry with me when i was the one being ignored . 
 he 'd spent the entire day with that little cougar ! 
 `` i have to go , '' he said quickly . 
 `` i 'm sure you 're busy tonight . '' 
 he was definitely upset . 
 and correct . 
 i was busy . 
 `` sort of - '' `` whatever . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow or something , tess . 
 whenever you can fit me in . '' 
 and . 
 he . 
 hung . 
 up . 
 the phone fell from my hand , bouncing on the table . 
 aiden had never , ever hung up on me . 
 not ever . 
 my life had just officially fallen apart . 
 `` hi , daddy . '' 
 i walked up to give him a kiss as he came in the door , dragging his suitcase behind him . 
 `` hey , sweetie . '' 
 he sounded confused , pulling his brows together . 
 `` you do something different with your hair ? '' 
 the braid had been hurting my head so i took it out , letting my hair run wild with crimps . 
 `` i came home sick from school , '' i said , as if that had ever stopped me from looking great before . 
 `` where 's mom ? '' 
 i peeked over my father 's shoulder as he was closing the door . 
 `` she 's going to the club . 
 we 're staying in town tonight . 
 she ... she said you were upset with us for being gone so much . 
 is that true , tess ? '' 
 my mother . 
 she 'd obviously been obsessing about our earlier conversation . 
 i was making her unhappy . 
 i was making everyone unhappy . 
 `` that 's not it , '' i said . 
 my father moved his glasses down his nose to look me over slowly . 
 then he adjusted them and motioned to a kitchen chair . 
 `` take a seat , kid . 
 looks like you need to talk . '' 
 i smiled . 
 if only i had talked sooner , i would n't be in such a mess . 
 i plopped down in the seat and waited as my father poured us both a glass of milk and grabbed a few oatmeal cookies out of the cupboard . 
 he was adorable . 
 i was such a lucky kitty . 
 `` thanks , '' i said , taking a cookie from him as he sat down . 
 he nodded and then cleared his throat . 
 `` all right , tess . 
 spill . '' 
 i chewed slowly , wondering what my father would think of my spying . 
 wondering if he could relate more to the cheaters than to me . 
 `` i 'm in trouble , '' i said . 
 his eyes widened . 
 oh . 
 i guess that was n't the best thing for a teenage girl to tell her father . 
 `` not that sort of trouble , '' i said quickly . 
 he exhaled . 
 `` wow , tessa , thanks for the heart attack . 
 now what exactly have you gotten yourself into ? '' 
 he pushed back in his seat and crossed his legs , taking a sip from his glass . 
 `` daddy , do you think aiden is tired of me ? '' 
 i hated those words . 
 they were entirely too close to possible . 
 my father choked on his milk , his face turning red as he leaned forward . 
 when he was able to breathe again , he put his hand on my arm and shook his head . 
 `` has something happened with aiden ? '' 
 he was terrified . 
 aiden was the son he wished he had . 
 `` no , not yet - '' `` not yet ? '' 
 my father raised his voice . 
 `` are you two having problems ? 
 is it his mother again ? '' 
 `` no , she 's the same . 
 but dad , do you think ... maybe aiden wants to see other girls ? '' 
 good golly ! 
 i began to tear up . 
 `` what other girls could there be ? '' 
 he said so seriously , i had to smile . 
 in my father 's eyes , i was perfect . 
 even if it was n't true , that was what he thought . 
 he reached over to mess up my hair . 
 `` stop . '' 
 i laughed , pushing his hand back . 
 he pressed his lips together , looking at me thoughtfully . 
 `` to answer your question , '' he said quietly . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't think aiden would leave you , tess . 
 i 've seen the way he looks at you . 
 it 's the same way i used to look at your mother . 
 he adores you . '' 
 but his words , although sweet , stung me . 
 `` you left mom , '' i said , suddenly needing to know why . 
 if he loved her so much , why did he walk away ? 
 my father dropped his head , and i recognized the look . 
 i 'd seen it many times in my line of work . 
 shame . 
 he had cheated . 
 my father had cheated on my mother . 
 `` i made a mistake , '' he said , meeting my eyes . 
 `` i made one mistake , tess , and i almost lost her . '' 
 he waited a beat , and i felt a heaviness creep over my chest , aching . 
 `` why did you do it ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said . 
 `` i think i was lonely . 
 but i never meant to hurt her , or you . 
 i love you two so much . 
 you 're my life . '' 
 aiden had told me that once . 
 `` and i 'm glad your mother loved me enough to forgive me . '' 
 he ran his hands through his thinning black hair . 
 he tried to smile at me . 
 `` aiden 's a good boy , '' my father said . 
 `` he loves you . 
 why ca n't you trust that ? '' 
 i did n't know . 
 i was n't exactly sure what had changed . 
 it seemed that everywhere i looked , all i saw were cheaters . 
 i took a deep breath and closed my eyes . 
 i did n't trust aiden . 
 i could n't . 
 because if there was one thing my heart-to-heart with my daddy confirmed , it was that my boyfriend could love me and cheat on me . 
 but i would n't let him . 
 sos donation acknowledgment dear mrs. pugliese , thank you very much for your donation . 
 sos is a nonprofit organization , and your donations go directly to assisting others with their relationship needs by giving us the funding for the latest surveillance equipment . 
 helping your daughter out of an unfaithful relationship was a joy in itself , but your money is much appreciated . 
 we share your hope that lynny will consider dating again in the future , even though she has taken a lifelong oath of celibacy . 
 we understand your desire for grandchildren . 
 once again , thank you for your generosity , and we wish you all the happiness in the world . 
 have a great day . 
 chapter fourteen `` so that 's really what you wear ? '' 
 christian asked , grinning as i approached his car . 
 it was nice out tonight . 
 warm , clear . 
 it was comfortable . 
 the wind blew through my hair , whipping it out behind me as christian held the door open . 
 `` well , we are undercover , '' i said , climbing in the passenger seat . 
 `` you should have tried a disguise maybe . '' 
 although he did look nice . 
 light blue sweater , khakis , very sexy cologne . 
 i , on the other hand , was wearing my black turtleneck and leggings , along with a black down vest that i had lined with pockets to hold wiretaps and handheld audio equipment . 
 christian laughed and closed my door softly before walking around his honda . 
 it was odd being in his car again . 
 almost familiar . 
 hm . 
 i did n't want any of this to be familiar . 
 no . 
 i wanted it to be decidedly unfamiliar . 
 in fact , i was going to end this little adventure tonight . 
 i would tell christian that this was it . 
 over . 
 finished . 
 i was going to call his bluff . 
 the driver 's side door opened , and christian smiled as he got in , glancing over my body as he did so . 
 he may not have thought i noticed , but my peripheral vision had gotten very good . 
 and he was checking out my c cups . 
 totally inappropriate . 
 `` well , '' he said , starting the car . 
 `` even though you 're dressed like a bank robber , you 're still the cutest thing i 've seen all day . '' 
 i chewed on the corner of my lip , maybe blushing a little . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i gazed out the window as he pulled onto the tree-lined street , wondering where aiden was . 
 wondering if he was thinking about me . 
 `` oh , by the way , '' christian said , snapping his fingers like he 'd just remembered something . 
 `` i talked to kira earlier , told her that we had this assignment covered on our own . '' 
 i gasped , swinging to face him . 
 `` you did what ? '' 
 he was n't serious ! 
 he smiled , shaking his head . 
 `` it 's not like this is a major mission , tessa . 
 i 'm pretty sure we do n't need a chaperone . 
 unless you 're worried that you wo n't be able to keep your hands to yourself . '' 
 candy canes and unicorns ! 
 had he lost his mind ? 
 `` pull over , '' i said . 
 obviously , he underestimated the damage a size-seven sneaker could inflict . 
 `` come on . '' 
 christian was laughing . 
 `` i ca n't even joke around with you ? '' 
 `` no . 
 not on assignment . '' 
 he straightened his mouth , trying to be serious . 
 `` you 're right , '' he said . 
 `` i need to get my game face on . 
 i 'll be good . 
 promise . '' 
 he crossed his heart . 
 i watched him for a minute , and he did n't pull the car to the curb . 
 `` okay , '' i said . 
 `` let 's just get this over with . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 we were quiet as christian continued to drive , bringing us toward the movie theater one town over . 
 sos had intercepted a call that isaac park was meeting a girl there tonight for the midnight showing . 
 he thought he was crafty , but he had no idea that sos had been on to him for days . 
 and his girlfriend was a total sweetheart , too . 
 poor thing . 
 the parking lot was nearly deserted as we pulled in . 
 not many people went to a midnight movie during the week . 
 not wanting the car to get recognized , i had christian park toward the back . 
 after he turned it off , i took a minute to go through my backpack , making sure i had my camera with the night vision lens . 
 christian was smiling as he watched me twist on the cap . 
 `` you could n't care less about the mission , could you ? '' 
 i asked , sliding some of the pieces into the inside pockets of my vest . 
 theaters usually frowned at bringing in backpacks . 
 he laughed . 
 `` do you want the honest answer ? '' 
 i turned to him , not sure that i did . 
 the streetlights filtered in , illuminating his face and throwing shadows over his eyes , making him look almost sinister . 
 `` check the time , '' i said , feeling uneasiness creep over me . 
 i did n't want to be alone with him anymore . 
 i wanted to hurry , and then go find aiden . 
 christian leaned his head back against the seat , staring at me . 
 `` we do n't have to go in , '' he said quietly . 
 he licked his lips , and i could see how hard he was trying to be smooth , suave . 
 but he looked nervous . 
 my heart raced and i was completely uncomfortable . 
 and yet there was a small part of me that was attracted to him . 
 at least , to the attention from him . 
 i 'd been feeling so bad lately , so imperfect . 
 and christian was looking at me in that way-the way aiden used to . 
 christian 's hand moved from his lap and touched my fingers softly as they lay on the seat . 
 `` do n't , '' i said quickly , moving my hand from under his . 
 `` you ca n't touch me . '' 
 he yanked his arm back , straightening up . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i ca n't help it sometimes . 
 i find you fascinating . '' 
 was i a science experiment ? 
 did he want to pin me down and dissect me ? 
 i slid the camera into my purse and pushed the door open so hastily that i nearly fell out . 
 i could barely catch my breath as i started speed walking across the parking lot barely able to catch my breath . 
 christian was immediately behind me . 
 `` you 're freaked out , right ? '' 
 he asked , sounding apologetic . 
 `` no more talking , '' i said . 
 i did n't care about the assignment anymore . 
 i just wanted to get the pictures and leave . 
 we got inside the old-fashioned theater , and christian rushed ahead to the glass-enclosed ticket booth . 
 i let him buy the tickets as i scoped the scene . 
 `` do you want popcorn or a soda ? '' 
 he asked as he came over to me , motioning toward the concessions . 
 i curled my lip . 
 `` christian , this is absolutely not a date . '' 
 `` right , '' he said , smiling . 
 `` forgot . '' 
 i stared at him , not sure if i could trust him to stay undercover . 
 we still had to find isaac . 
 it figured that he 'd talked about seeing some horror movie . 
 i hated them . 
 i was n't easily scared , but i just felt so bad when people got murdered . 
 it was gross . 
 christian agreed to be quiet , but i could n't help but feel like he was mocking me . 
 like this was all just an excuse to be around me . 
 i mean , i knew it was , but i also thought he wanted to help a little . 
 it was pretty clear now that he did n't . 
 we found theater eight , and not surprisingly , it was nearly empty . 
 i let the door close , blocking out the harsh light of the hallway , and searched over the backs of heads . 
 i found isaac . 
 he was n't really hard to spot . 
 he wore his hair in a faux-hawk , not a huge one , but a short , brushed-up one . 
 it was sort of cool . 
 very individualistic . 
 `` they 're two rows up , '' i whispered to christian and glanced at the screen . 
 it was opening with a murder . 
 i sighed . 
 so sad . 
 christian nodded and took my arm , leading us to the back row . 
 we got the corner seats , and i reached into my inside pocket . 
 it struck me that this might just be my last sos assignment . 
 i swallowed hard , feeling a bit nostalgic . 
 but then i thought of aiden and how much more time i 'd have for him . 
 it calmed my nerves a little . 
 my camera was poised and ready , night scope on . 
 i zoomed in . 
 isaac was whispering in the girl 's ear , looking sweet . 
 it made my stomach turn . 
 he 'd been with his girlfriend , angela , for close to a year . 
 she was an absolute doll : perky and petite . 
 i used the camera to push in on the accomplice 's face . 
 she was pretty enough-blond and busty . 
 my eyes narrowed . 
 she sort of reminded me of chloe , but i tried to block that thought . 
 the last thing i needed was to think of chloe as an accomplice in a cheat . 
 because i knew exactly who she was after . 
 `` did you want me to move closer ? '' 
 christian whispered . 
 he bent his head dangerously close to mine . 
 his spearmint breath was hot on my cheek . 
 `` yeah , '' i said , mainly to get some distance between me and his ridiculously attractive cologne . 
 `` take the recorder and get some audio . 
 i need to know what they 're talking about . '' 
 i reached in my pocket and pulled out the mini-recorder , passing it to christian . 
 his fingers touched mine as he took it . 
 i met his eyes . 
 okay , so we were pretty close to each other 's mouths . 
 his smelled like mint , mine , jolly ranchers . 
 my breath was caught . 
 he looked like he was about to kiss me . 
 i did n't move away . 
 he smiled . 
 `` be right back . 
 get some good photos . '' 
 then he winked and ducked down as he got up and crept down the aisle . 
 i watched him , feeling my heart race . 
 brooklyn bridge ! 
 would i have just let him kiss me ? 
 no . 
 i ... was n't attracted to him . 
 i loved aiden . 
 i shook my head and took aim at isaac . 
 he was a cheater . 
 i 'd never be like that . 
 i was n't like that . 
 only , i found myself zooming in on christian 's face ... admiring it . 
 then , before i could begin any unwanted fantasy , i shut off the camera , got up , and walked out . 
 it took close to twenty minutes for christian to meet me outside . 
 he jogged up to the car as i leaned against it . 
 i was chilled from the cooled air but thankful to now have my wits about me . 
 christian stopped in front of me , panting . 
 `` what the hell , tessa ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` do n't say `` hell . ' '' 
 he stared at me for a minute , then , `` sorry . 
 what in the h , e , double hockey sticks happened to you ? '' 
 he grinned . 
 i could n't help but smile back . 
 i liked the double hockey sticks thing . 
 after an intense second of looking at each other , i exhaled and put my fists on my hips . 
 `` i 'm sorry , christian , '' i said . 
 `` but i ca n't do this with you . 
 and i 'm done with sos . 
 i quit . '' 
 wow . 
 i was n't sure if i 'd ever said the word quit in my life . 
 `` you ca n't , '' he said . 
 his eyes were wide . 
 he took a step closer to me . 
 he was now entirely too close . 
 `` tell everyone if you want , '' i said , uncomfortable with his proximity . 
 i did n't care about sos anymore . 
 i needed to get my life back . 
 things had gotten too mixed up , and if the school hated me , fine . 
 i could n't be perfect anymore . 
 it was just too hard . 
 `` tessa , '' christian said softly , tilting his head . 
 `` i 'm not going to tell anyone . 
 i 'm not trying to hurt you . '' 
 my face was tingling . 
 `` then what are you trying to do ? '' 
 christian closed his eyes , and when he opened them , he focused on my mouth . 
 `` this , '' he said , reaching out to put his palms on my cheeks , pulling me toward him . 
 he pressed his lips to mine , forcefully , passionately . 
 and for a second , i stood there , shocked , stunned , guilty . 
 his mouth felt so foreign to me that it was almost like they were n't my lips he was sucking on . 
 it was like an out-of-body experience . 
 at least it was until he tried to put his tongue in my mouth . 
 `` stop , '' i said , bringing up my hands to try to push him back . 
 he was resistant at first , still going for it , so i pushed him hard enough to make him stumble . 
 john deere tractor ! 
 he 'd just kissed me . 
 he just ... kissed me ! 
 `` you 've gone batty , '' i shouted . 
 `` you ca n't - '' `` i 'm sorry , '' he apologized . 
 `` i could n't help it , tess . '' 
 he licked his lips . 
 ew . 
 was he trying to still taste me ? 
 my stomach took a violent turn . 
 `` i 'm not going to tell aiden about this , '' i said , holding up my finger to him . 
 `` because if i did , he would seriously cream you . 
 but do n't effing touch me again . 
 got it ? '' 
 the adrenaline pumping through my veins was making my entire body shake . 
 and my mouth tasted like spearmint . 
 leaping lizards ! 
 i needed aiden . 
 i turned around and yanked open the passenger door with a creak . 
 i 'd never kissed anyone other than aiden . 
 ever . 
 this had been a huge mistake . 
 a big , ginormous mistake . 
 christian ran around the car and got in , looking unsteady , sort of shaky . 
 he should . 
 he 'd just assaulted my mouth with his . 
 so what if his lips were pillowy soft ? 
 it was still wrong ! 
 he did n't even ask . 
 we were silent as we drove back through the streets of washington toward my house . 
 i stared out the window , happy the night was over but worried about its consequences . 
 surely christian would out the smitten kittens now . 
 after he 'd turned on my street , christian pulled into my driveway , bumping the curb on the way in . 
 i looked over at him , not sure if he was mad or flustered . 
 he killed the engine and turned to me , his eyes lowered . 
 `` you were completely out of line , '' i said . 
 i should have slapped him . 
 that 's what a real smitten kitten would have done . 
 `` i know , '' he said , his brows pulled together . 
 `` i 'm really sorry . 
 i promise it 'll never happen again . '' 
 `` it sure as heck wo n't ! 
 because we 'll never be alone together again . 
 understand ? '' 
 this was the tone of voice i used when the smitten kittens were distracted while i was trying to teach a routine . 
 i sounded very authoritative . 
 `` so you 're not going to let me have my second mission ? '' 
 he asked , sounding like a stubborn child . 
 blazing saddles ! 
 was he was serious ? 
 `` uh ... no . 
 you made it clear that it was n't the missions you were trying to accomplish . 
 it was me . '' 
 he tilted his head . 
 `` so ? 
 is that wrong ? 
 did you not like it at all ? '' 
 christian looked worried , and i appreciated his insecurity about his kiss . 
 it was vulnerable , and i understood that . 
 but it did n't mean he could walk around putting his mouth on mine . 
 `` i have a boyfriend . 
 i do not want or enjoy anyone 's lips other than aiden 's . '' 
 `` does he follow that same philosophy ? '' 
 my heart stopped . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 i glanced toward my darkened house , feeling like that comment deserved a swift walkout and a car door slam , but i could n't really move . 
 `` you do n't think your boyfriend kisses other girls ? '' 
 i glared at christian and held up my hand for him to stop . 
 `` zip your lip , buddy . 
 aiden does n't touch anyone but me ! '' 
 i waited a second , feeling my nostrils flaring . 
 how dare he ? 
 how flipping dare he ? 
 christian 's eyes narrowed , but he did n't open his mouth . 
 shoot , why would he ? 
 it was n't like he was trying to stick his tongue down my throat . 
 he 'd already done that . 
 jerk . 
 `` stay away from me , '' i hissed , grabbing my backpack off the floor . 
 i got out of his car and slammed the door as hard as i could . 
 i smiled to myself , proud of my bravery , as i stomped toward my house . 
 then , just for good measure , i tossed my hair over my shoulder one last time before i went in . 
 nobody was home . 
 i noticed how christian 's cologne seemed to be clinging to my clothes . 
 i needed a shower and maybe some mouth rinse . 
 but as i walked toward my bathroom , i grabbed my phone off the side table . 
 no missed calls . 
 oh , my . 
 aiden had n't called . 
 not since he 'd hung up on me . 
 i glanced at the clock , and it was late . 
 but after my shower , i had one other mission . 
 to make up with my boyfriend . 
 i paused at aiden 's lattice , looking up at his window . 
 hm . 
 it was closed . 
 i could n't call the house , not without waking his mother . 
 but i needed to see him . 
 i needed to be with him . 
 my sneaker slid into the wood panels as i began to climb , fighting back my urge to cry . 
 i just wanted my sweetie . 
 i wanted to pull it together . 
 as i reached the top , i steadied myself and grasped the bottom of the window . 
 locked . 
 i exhaled . 
 i tapped my fingers on the glass . 
 why did i feel so nervous ? 
 did ... did i think someone was in there with him ? 
 the thought nearly made me lose my balance . 
 just then , the window slid open , startling me . 
 i screamed . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 aiden asked , poking his head out the window and looking around . 
 i was clutching the lattice , adrenaline pumping through me . 
 `` you almost made me fall , '' i whispered , trying to catch my breath . 
 aiden scratched his head , staring at me , confused . 
 then he held out his hand . 
 `` get in here , '' he said . 
 `` you 're going to kill yourself . '' 
 the minute my hand fit into his , i felt an immediate sense of relief wash over me . 
 i let him help me inside his room . 
 once in , i watched as he reached behind me , closing his window . 
 he was n't wearing a shirt . 
 kettle corn ! 
 the boy was half naked and looking fantastic . 
 i ran my hand over his stomach as he came to stand in front of me . 
 he smiled softly , but his eyes were squinted , drowsy . 
 `` let 's go to bed , '' he exhaled , taking my hand from his body and pulling me forward . 
 but the minute he sat on his bed , i nearly jumped on top of him . 
 i was on my knees next to him , covering his mouth with mine , tangling my fingers in his hair when he pulled back , breaking our kiss . 
 `` tess , '' he whispered , his eyes still closed . 
 i paused , looking down in his face . 
 i did n't understand . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i was panting , feeling desperate . 
 panicked . 
 `` baby , '' he said , looking at me before taking me by the hips to sit me on his lap . 
 he wrapped me up in his arms , holding me as he rested his chin on my shoulder . 
 `` i 'm super-tired . 
 it 's like two in the morning . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 when had the time of night ever affected my boyfriend 's stamina ? 
 cheese and crackers ! 
 what was happening ? 
 he chuckled . 
 `` look , i 'm glad you 're here . 
 and i 'm sorry we fought earlier . 
 i want you to stay , baby . 
 i 've missed the shit out of you ... . '' 
 his voice was raspy , sleepy . 
 `` but my mom 's home . '' 
 he collapsed back on his bed and then opened his arms for me to join him . 
 i stretched out next to him as he snuggled up behind me , resting his mouth against the back of my neck . 
 `` she 's going out of town tomorrow , '' he murmured , tickling my skin and sounding halfway to sleep . 
 `` we 'll be together then . '' 
 i swallowed hard , not just because i had tingles that were going unsatisfied , but because i was relieved . 
 i was happy to be in his bed . 
 i was happy to smell him , clean and natural . 
 `` i love you so much , '' i said , but i was ready to cry before i finished . 
 `` mm ... '' he said , brushing his lips against the back of my neck . 
 `` stop talking , baby . '' 
 `` tell me you love me first . '' 
 i needed to hear him say it . 
 `` you have to tell me . '' 
 instead , he took me by the shoulder and turned me toward him . 
 `` i love you , tessa , '' he breathed , putting his mouth over mine like he was proving it . 
 `` i love you . 
 i love you , '' he mumbled into my lips again and again . 
 and every time he said it , i tried to pull him closer . 
 i knew he must have felt it too . 
 felt that we were losing each other . 
 i successfully ignored christian through history class . 
 he `` pssted '' me once , but i did n't flinch . 
 kira was going wild , dying to know the details of the mission . 
 but i told her that christian waited in the car . 
 i hoped she would n't ask him his version of the night . 
 when i left class , i practically ran to my locker to meet aiden , but he was n't there . 
 he never seemed to be there anymore . 
 `` hey , '' christian said from behind me as i stood , feeling lost , at my locker . 
 i exhaled and turned around . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he smiled , his cheeks a little red . 
 `` your recorder , '' he said , holding it out . 
 oh . 
 i 'd forgotten about that . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 okay , that was a little embarrassing . 
 not all of his interactions with me ended with a kiss . 
 `` there 's some good stuff on there , '' he mumbled . 
 his brown eyes met mine , and i felt that same uneasiness i had the night before . 
 `` i 'll see you at lunch , tess . '' 
 he pressed his lips into a smile and walked past me down the busy hallway . 
 i stood for a minute , not sure how i felt about it . 
 i mean , i did n't want to see him again , but jeez , at least he was making an effort . 
 albeit a completely overboard , slightly scary effort . 
 still , i wished aiden would try this hard to see me . 
 before the tardy bell could ring , i jogged ahead to class and promised to get my attitude right-side up . 
 i 'd tell the smitten kittens tonight . 
 sos was over . 
 i waited at my locker before lunch , watching as the halls slowly emptied . 
 no aiden . 
 i waited even after the bell rang , hoping he 'd come trotting down the hall , all apologetic for not finding me earlier . 
 instead , he just did n't show . 
 i dropped my head and made my way to the lunchroom . 
 it was packed as i paused at the door , looking over the room . 
 it smelled like sloppy joes , one of aiden 's favorites . 
 he was there at the table , adorable as always in track pants and a t-shirt . 
 but a sharp pain twisted in my chest as i noticed chloe . 
 she was sitting in my spot , next to him , with her hair pulled up into a high ponytail . 
 they were laughing . 
 i watched for a minute as she twisted dangling bits of hair around her finger , leaning into him as she spoke . 
 aiden was n't touching her , but did he need to ? 
 did any of the cheaters that sos tracked do their dirty work in public ? 
 i took a few steadying breaths . 
 things were so unusual now that i started to wonder if they 'd ever get back to normal . 
 slowly , i walked toward my table . 
 kira clapped excitedly when she saw me ; her face lost its worry . 
 chloe glanced over her shoulder but did n't move . 
 her rear was firmly planted in my seat . 
 `` hey , baby , '' aiden said casually as i walked up . 
 he did n't stand or reach out for me . 
 i watched him as i rounded the table and took the only available seat , between christian and kira . 
 goose bumps lifted on my arms . 
 `` here 's your lunch , '' kira said , sliding a tray to me . 
 `` aiden already ate your sloppy joe . 
 why are you so late ? '' 
 i looked across at aiden , my face tingling with the start of a cry . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 out of the corner of my eye , i saw chloe smile . 
 `` oh . '' 
 aiden pulled his eyebrows together . 
 `` i 'm sorry , tess . 
 mr. grimes sent me and chloe to pick up some slides from the office . 
 i texted you . '' 
 i blinked rapidly . 
 my phone was on my side table at home . 
 i 'd forgotten it . 
 but the thought of them roaming the halls together made my blood boil . 
 aiden roamed with me . 
 only me . 
 i clenched my jaw . 
 `` so how 's lab been going ? '' 
 i was sure my raging , uncharacteristic jealousy was obvious , but no one seemed to notice . 
 in fact , aiden just smiled at me . 
 `` good , baby . 
 how 's cheer practice going ? '' 
 there was a prickle up my arms , but i held his stare . 
 he looked so calm , but there was something in his words . 
 something ... odd . 
 chloe giggled . 
 `` things have been fantastic , '' she said to me , not sounding at all like herself . 
 that deep , raspy voice was gone . 
 instead , she sounded perky . 
 sort of like ... me . 
 `` he 's really the best . '' 
 she beamed at aiden and touched his arm . 
 she . 
 touched . 
 his . 
 arm . 
 aiden shifted in his seat , moving away from her politely , but he continued to watch me , almost curiously . 
 i 'd nearly forgotten that christian was next to me until his leg brushed against mine . 
 it was enough to make me lose my appetite . 
 it reminded me that he 'd touched me last night . 
 aiden 's eyes narrowed at me when i shifted uncomfortably . 
 `` check this out , '' chloe said to him , and he broke his gaze from me . 
 they started glancing through a notebook as she giggled . 
 they were next to each other . 
 that was my seat . 
 i did n't want to be catty ; i was a kitten , but i was about five seconds away from scratching her eyes out . 
 `` tessa , '' leona said from down the table . 
 `` are we having practice later ? 
 i really need to talk to you about a new cheer . '' 
 she widened her eyes behind her glasses . 
 new cheer was code for a new assignment . 
 or sometimes it just meant a new cheer . 
 the look on her face told me it was the first one . 
 `` sure , '' i said , exhausted . 
 i was going to tell them sos was over anyway . 
 they would be devastated , but i needed to get my life back . 
 leona bit her lip , looking antsy . 
 she never seemed nervous . 
 she was naturally cool and collected , the opposite of kira . 
 but right now she was freaking out . 
 `` peachy , '' she said , and i knew it was bad . 
 leona never , and i repeat never , ate foods with fuzz on them . 
 nope . 
 this was a bad one . 
 my stomach dropped . 
 `` you okay , baby ? '' 
 aiden asked . 
 my eyes shot up to his , but before i could answer , chloe snapped her fingers . 
 `` shit , '' she said , looking at aiden . 
 `` we 'd better go , a . 
 the library 's holding those books for us . 
 a ? 
 she called him flipping a ? 
 aiden stood up and looked down at me , his face unreadable . 
 `` i 've got to finish this project , tess . 
 do you think you could get a ride home ? '' 
 i squeaked but did n't actually answer . 
 `` i 'll take her , '' kira spoke up for me . 
 she was always there when i needed her . 
 besides , i could n't move ; i was too busy trying not to cry . 
 aiden stared at me for a second , shifting his gaze between christian and me . 
 he opened his mouth like he wanted to say something , but he did n't . 
 instead , he slowly backed away and then followed chloe as they left the cafeteria . 
 `` christian , sweetie , '' leona said , leaning forward to look at him . 
 he seemed startled . 
 he had n't said a word the entire time . 
 `` uh , yeah ? '' 
 `` would you mind giving us girls a moment ? 
 we have some super-secret cheer stuff to discuss . '' 
 she winked at him . 
 crocodile dundee ! 
 was leona lying to him ? 
 i could tell she had a secret . 
 and then i wondered if i was the only one not in on it . 
 `` for sure , '' christian said toward leona , standing up and grabbing his tray . 
 `` tessa , i 'll - '' he stopped and looked around at the table of smitten kittens , all staring at him anxiously . 
 `` never mind , '' he said . 
 `` i 'll catch up with you later . '' 
 i did n't answer as he walked away , his birkenstocks flopping on the cafeteria floor . 
 i turned to kira as leona jumped up and sat in christian 's seat . 
 both she and kira took one of my arms . 
 i was flanked by cheerleaders . 
 this could not be good . 
 `` show it to her , izzie , '' leona said like she was offering up my last meal . 
 only it was n't lobster ; it was mcdonald 's . 
 leona put her hand protectively on my low back , but i still was n't sure what they were protecting me from . 
 izzie 's eyes were glassy as she stood up to lean her body across the lunch table and handed me the sos phone . 
 i jetted my eyes between all of them . 
 `` what 's the big ? '' 
 i asked in a tight voice . 
 i almost did n't want to look . 
 suddenly , izzie burst into tears , covering her face with her hands . 
 what the eff was going on ? 
 i shook my head and held the cell up in front of my face . 
 it was a text . 
 it was ... oh , no . 
 sos suspect cheater form suspect : aiden wilder accomplice : chloe ferril dear sos , another one for you to add to your possible cheater roster . 
 who would 've thought , right ? 
 aiden cheating on tessa ? 
 she 's head cheerleader ! 
 and i totally thought they were in love . 
 oh , well , i guess you never know . 
 hope it 's not true . 
 cassandra sos text : 555-0101 exposing cheaters for over two years chapter fifteen the world sort of fell apart around me . 
 there were colors , and not pretty rainbow ones , but dark , shaded ones . 
 the sounds in my ears began to echo . 
 i stood up , knocking my tray onto the floor but not looking down at it . 
 i dropped the sos phone onto the table and backed away . 
 kira 's voice was faintly there , calling me , but i looked straight ahead . 
 it ... was n't true . 
 not after two years . 
 not like this . 
 `` i have to go , '' i said absently . 
 `` i 'll call you later . '' 
 i began walking out of the cafeteria , not quite sure where i was going , but just away . 
 i half expected a smitten kitten to come after me , but no one did . 
 they were devastated . 
 not only had aiden been the perfect boyfriend , he 'd been my boyfriend . 
 and had n't i been perfect ? 
 as i walked the empty halls , i choked when a few whimpers escaped from my throat , but i recovered . 
 i would never cry at school . 
 no way . 
 i only had about five minutes before the bell would ring , flooding the walkways with students . 
 i needed to escape before then . 
 the big double doors of the school 's front entrance loomed ahead , and i did n't even stop at my locker . 
 i 'd get home , find my mom and dad , and ask them . 
 they knew aiden . 
 they knew he 'd never - i skidded to a stop . 
 i had no way home . 
 gingersnaps ! 
 `` tess ? '' 
 christian was next to me . 
 he was always there . 
 but rather than give him a dirty look or politely tell him to go away , i burst out crying . 
 hysterical , drama queen sobbing . 
 his arm reached over my shoulders , and soon we were walking into the sunshine of the parking lot . 
 i did n't argue , not that i could ; i was covering my face , unable to control my fit . 
 `` shh ... '' he said soothingly , and it was soothing . 
 it was almost nice . 
 i put my head on his chest , smelling him , trying to fight back the last few tears . 
 `` get in . '' 
 he opened the passenger door of his car , and i did just that . 
 i got in . 
 again . 
 i kept my head against the cool window , my face feeling swollen , as he drove toward my house . 
 i saw the trees and houses as we passed but did n't recognize any of it . 
 and i did n't care . 
 i cleared my throat . 
 `` do you think there 's something going on with aiden and your sister ? '' 
 my voice was hoarse . 
 `` where 'd you hear that ? '' 
 christian asked . 
 i turned slowly to him , my lips feeling dry and chapped . 
 `` sos just got a possible cheater form . 
 it was about aiden and ... your sister . '' 
 i resisted the urge to call her a harsh name , but it was so close to the tip of my tongue , i was alarmed . 
 i had n't sworn in years . 
 `` oh . '' 
 i waited , but that was all he said . 
 `` did you know ? '' 
 i demanded . 
 `` no . '' 
 he shook his head , adjusting the heater . 
 `` to be honest ... '' he looked sideways at me . 
 `` i ca n't believe that anyone would cheat on you . '' 
 my mouth opened in surprise . 
 it was a puppy-dog statement , and despite what had just happened , i smiled . 
 if christian could be this fond of me , surely aiden still was ? 
 it gave me renewed hope . 
 `` i do n't think it 's true , '' i said as a new sense of calm fell over me . 
 `` you ... do n't ? '' 
 he sounded truly surprised . 
 `` no . 
 i wo n't believe it . '' 
 my chest filled with possibility . 
 `` aiden loves me . 
 i 'm his life . '' 
 christian did n't say anything , but when he pulled up in front of my house , he shut off his car . 
 he tapped his fingers on the steering wheel . 
 `` thanks for the ride . 
 i 'm okay now . '' 
 i was perky . 
 if i could stay like this , things would be okay . 
 christian pulled his eyebrows together . 
 `` tessa , '' he whispered . 
 `` it 's none of my business ; you 've made yourself clear . 
 but i 'd hate to see you get screwed over like this . '' 
 i winced , feeling slapped by his words . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` listen , i 'll be honest , i do believe it . 
 and i ... i want to suggest something . '' 
 i did n't like how easily he accepted aiden 's unfaithfulness . 
 but then again , he did n't know him like i did . 
 `` no , thanks - '' `` one more mission , '' christian said . 
 `` just one . 
 no one even has to know . '' 
 my stomach flipped , and the air seemed to escape from the car . 
 i had n't considered-i would never consider-spying on aiden . 
 i shook my head . 
 `` you 're a professional , tessa . 
 you run a wildly successful nonprofit organization , '' christian said , looking down at the steering wheel . 
 `` if he was n't your boyfriend , would you be investigating him ? '' 
 `` i 'm not going to stake out aiden , '' i said simply . 
 it was n't right . 
 it would mean i thought he was cheating , and i did n't . 
 i would n't . 
 `` i 'll help you , '' he said softly . 
 `` and i promise i am only there to help . 
 no touching you . 
 nothing . '' 
 right . 
 i may have been upset , but i was n't stupid . 
 `` not going to happen , '' i said . 
 he turned to me suddenly . 
 `` okay , i did n't want to say anything , '' he blurted , like he 'd been holding in a secret for a while . 
 `` aiden 's going out with my sister tonight . '' 
 my insides collapsed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 `` man , tessa , '' christian whined . 
 `` i hate having to be the one to tell you this . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` i never believe chloe . 
 but she said that tonight they 're going out to dinner and then to his house . 
 she told me his mother 's out of town . '' 
 i gagged but quickly got his door open to dry-heave outside . 
 no puke . 
 my head spun and i dragged myself out of the car to sit at the curb , putting my elbows on my knees and holding my head in my hands . 
 aiden 's mother was out of town . 
 that was true . 
 christian got out and walked around the car , his sandals scraping on the pavement . 
 he sat next to me on the curb and then bumped his knee against mine . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he whispered . 
 `` i was trying to not hurt you . 
 you could just dump him , tessa . 
 you do n't have to spy on him . '' 
 but a force rippled through me , making me shiver , and then it passed . 
 it was gone . 
 the pain was gone . 
 i had become sos . 
 i had become the client and the spy . 
 `` where were they going to dinner ? '' 
 i asked , my voice thick . 
 i felt suddenly cold . 
 emotionally and physically . 
 i was shaking . 
 `` i do n't know , '' christian said . 
 he was trying to talk quietly , be comforting . 
 but there was little he could do for me now . 
 i needed to know . 
 i needed to know that it was n't true . 
 i turned to christian and our faces were close , but i did n't feel any tingles . 
 there were no prickles . 
 i was numb . 
 `` pick me up at nine , '' i said . 
 without another glance , i stood up , crossing my arms over my chest , and walked inside my house . 
 what to tell the smitten kittens ? 
 they 'd want to know what i was going to do about aiden . 
 i sat on my couch , my sneakered feet on the coffee table as i tried to think of an answer . 
 i looked at my phone . 
 it did n't ring . 
 i bit my lip , hard enough to make it hurt . 
 then i marched into my room , snatched my cheerleading uniform , and slid it on before grabbing my car keys and heading back to school . 
 the squad was waiting for me in the gym , sitting on the bleachers looking downright nauseous . 
 i was glad they were worried about me , but it would make what i was about to say that much harder . 
 `` tess ? '' 
 kira asked , jumping up . 
 her shoes squeaked as she crossed the floor . 
 she was looking over my uniform , seemingly worried . 
 most of the girls were in their spandex or workout clothes . 
 i was in complete uniform , ponytail , and ribbons . 
 it helped me feel better . 
 i felt stronger like this . 
 i waved kira off and she stopped dead in front of me . 
 normally , i would have smiled . 
 instead , i closed my eyes . 
 `` i quit sos , '' i said quietly . 
 `` no ! '' 
 izzie yelled , her shout echoing through the gymnasium as she began to cry . 
 `` chill out , iz , '' leona said . 
 i looked at her . 
 she nodded at me . 
 `` i 'm sorry , girls . 
 i just ... ca n't do it anymore . 
 every day , every boy , all i think is , ` is he cheating ? ' 
 then the one person i should have been sure about ... '' i did n't finish the sentence . 
 i still did n't want to believe it was true about aiden . 
 the warning signs had all been there . 
 i just chose to ignore them . 
 there was only one more thing to do , and then i was done with the spying business . 
 forever . 
 `` it 'll be okay , '' kira said to me , her blue eyes filled with tears . 
 `` maybe - '' `` i just quit , '' i said again , feeling the impact of my words . 
 `` it 's over . 
 i ca n't take the lying , the cheating , the broken hearts ... '' i sniffled . 
 corn bread muffin ! 
 i was going to cry too . 
 instead , i cleared my throat . 
 `` i ca n't cheer this weekend . '' 
 i stepped up to kira , putting my hands on the shoulders of her spandex top , staring seriously into her face . 
 `` k , you 're lead until i get back . '' 
 she gasped . 
 leona growled . 
 the worry left kira 's face , and she jumped up and down , clapping . 
 it sort of warmed my heart . 
 but only for a second , because i knew i was lying . 
 sos might be over , but there was one more mission . 
 without the squad . 
 i dropped my head , backing away . 
 `` i 'll see you later , '' i said quietly , moving toward the double doors . 
 `` tessa , '' leona called out . 
 i turned back to look at her . 
 `` be careful , '' she said . 
 we stared at each other . 
 then i smiled like a true smitten kitten and left to spy on my sweetie . 
 or at least , the boy that used to be my sweetie . 
 christian 's eyes widened as i got in his car , still in uniform . 
 he had gone to the trouble of putting on a fitted black sweater and black pants . 
 there was even a beanie on his console . 
 `` you 're ... you 're spying in that ? '' 
 he asked , sounding unsure . 
 `` yep . 
 i draw my strength from the skirt . '' 
 he laughed , but when i did n't , he turned back to the street . 
 had i cracked ? 
 possibly . 
 but it did n't matter . 
 after this , everything i ever was could be wrecked . 
 what difference would it make if i were wearing a cheerleading uniform ? 
 `` do you have gear to set up ? '' 
 christian asked as he pulled his honda into the street . 
 `` do n't need it . '' 
 wow . 
 i sounded pretty tough-like , monotone tough . 
 christian looked a little scared , but i was anxious . 
 numb , yet anxious . 
 `` tess - '' `` i 'm not recording anything , '' i said . 
 `` this is n't an assignment . 
 i just need to know , okay ? 
 for myself . '' 
 my eyes stung , and when i looked at him , he met my gaze , looking sorry . 
 it was nice of him to feel so bad for me . 
 he looked guilty , even . 
 i turned toward the passenger window , feeling dread slowly creep in as i stared out over the darkened streets . 
 aiden and chloe . 
 let it not be true . 
 by cleopatra 's crown ! 
 let it be a lie . 
 rolling down the window , i put my face out into the wind . 
 i could remember aiden at the recycling speech when i was a freshman . 
 he presented the reasons i should go out with him . 
 and his number one was , `` because she lights up my life with her own brand of sunshine . '' 
 it was even listed on the flowchart behind him . 
 then he hopped down off the stage and walked across the auditorium straight to me . 
 i just about died . 
 people were calling out , cheering , laughing . 
 but rather than saying anything , aiden just dropped down in the seat next to me and stared straight ahead , as if it was the most normal place for him to be . 
 stunned , i looked at the side of his face , deciding that it was not only adorable but sweet , too . 
 i 'd turned to the stage and nestled back in my seat , shoulder to shoulder with aiden wilder . 
 the rest of the school stopped watching us and looked up at principal pelli , who was still standing there , sort of shocked . 
 aiden leaned his head sideways toward me , still staring forward . 
 `` is that a yes ? '' 
 he 'd whispered . 
 i bit on my lip , glancing down as he held his hand out to me . 
 well , if that was n't strawberry smoothie , then i did n't know what was . 
 i took his hand-of course i did . 
 and since then , i had n't let go . 
 so why did he ? 
 why did aiden let me go ? 
 i sniffled . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 christian asked . 
 `` we 'll just wait at his house , okay ? 
 we do n't need to go driving all over town or anything . '' 
 he put his hand tentatively on my knee . 
 i was too sick at heart to push it away . 
 aiden out to dinner with another girl . 
 i wondered if he 'd ever done it before . 
 put food in his mouth alone with another girl . 
 i wanted him back . 
 i wanted my aiden back . 
 my bottom lip quivered and i bit on it , trying to keep it steady . 
 after a long minute , christian took his fingers off my body and put them back where they belonged . 
 on the steering wheel . 
 he parked down the street from aiden 's house and cut the engine . 
 `` i brought a couple of sodas , if you 're thirsty , '' christian whispered , turning the ignition key so that he could put on the radio . 
 he might have been trying to be romantic since he had radiohead playing low , filtering in through the speakers . 
 i was sure the skirt did n't help keep things platonic . 
 boys just did n't respect it . 
 it made them all goofy . 
 just then , christian glanced at my legs . 
 even though i was n't thirsty , i nodded when he offered me a soda from a cooler in the backseat . 
 we sat quietly , listening to music . 
 it was nearly ten o'clock . 
 could they still be at dinner ? 
 `` so what else did your sister tell you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 if she was sneaking around with my boyfriend , she 'd have something to say about it . 
 the boy was talented at more than just basketball . 
 `` nothing . 
 my sister hardly talks to me at home . 
 and she especially does n't talk to me about the guys she 's dating . '' 
 hold on . 
 `` she is not dating aiden , '' i said forcefully . 
 i nearly spilled my can of pop . 
 if he cheated , that was one severely messed-up thing , but dating ? 
 no . 
 not likely . 
 christian shook his head . 
 `` sorry . 
 you 're right . 
 i just mean , she has n't said anything about him to me . 
 other than that they were going to dinner . '' 
 franks and beans ! 
 i wanted to cry again . 
 i could n't take this emotional roller coaster i was on . 
 this was all too much . 
 i should just call aiden and ask him what was going on . 
 he 'd tell me . 
 aiden would n't cheat . 
 he would never ... his car drove past us and turned into the driveway . 
 i swallowed hard and set my drink in the center console as i leaned forward . 
 my heart rate was through the roof . 
 i could n't tell if anyone was with him . 
 aiden sat in his car for a long time . 
 his outline was visible through the back window . 
 what was he doing ? 
 was she with him ? 
 good golly ! 
 i was going to have a heart attack . 
 his door opened . 
 i held my breath as i watched his long body climb out . 
 he looked nervous , darting his eyes around the neighborhood . 
 i almost did n't recognize him . 
 he was still in his track pants , but he had a baseball hat on , pulled low . 
 a disguise ? 
 `` is chloe with him ? '' 
 christian asked . 
 he was staring at me and not out the window . 
 `` i do n't know yet . '' 
 i put my hands on the dashboard and tried to steady myself . 
 i was shaking so badly with adrenaline , i felt like i could lift a car or do some other superhuman thing like that . 
 aiden turned back to his jetta and walked around to the passenger door . 
 i gasped . 
 she was with him , was n't she ? 
 i whimpered . 
 he opened the door . 
 aiden reached his hand in , and chloe took it as he pulled her out . 
 she stood up , clad in a cute , yellow sundress , and immediately wrapped her arms around his waist , leaning into him . 
 i moaned . 
 `` there it is , '' christian whispered . 
 no . 
 not aiden . 
 not him . 
 i began to cry but did n't look away . 
 i felt christian 's fingers touch my knee , and they were warm . 
 he should n't have been touching me , but i was too sick to care . 
 my heart hurt . 
 i stared out the windshield , mumbling to myself , wanting to curl up into a ball . 
 aiden was looking down at chloe , his hands at her shoulders , near the thin straps of her dress , while they talked . 
 i wished i had audio . 
 she was all over him , and at least aiden had the sense to not do anything in his driveway . 
 at least he had that much respect for us . 
 then he put his arm around her waist and moved her away from the car so that he could shut the door . 
 what was he doing ? 
 `` so sorry , '' christian said next to me , squeezing my knee and moving his hand to rub at the skin just above it . 
 i looked over at him . 
 he turned quickly to me and apologized again . 
 i would have thought his concern for me was sweet if i were n't having a complete breakdown . 
 i could n't even feel his touch . 
 i focused back in on aiden . 
 he led chloe up the stairs to his big front porch as she clutched onto him , his t-shirt balled in her fist . 
 i hated her . 
 i 'd never hated anyone in my whole life , but at this moment , i hated her . 
 and if i talked to her , i 'd tell her as much . 
 aiden turned back , looking over the street guiltily . 
 one hundred percent . 
 one hundred percent of the time , they cheated . 
 i thought that maybe aiden could be the one exception , but it sure as heck did n't look that way . 
 as aiden walked into his darkly lit house with chloe and shut the door , i covered my mouth with my hands . 
 he 'd brought her inside ! 
 he was cheating on me . 
 i was too stunned to move . 
 i was mary rudick . 
 i was just like her when she found out about kyle . 
 i 'd become her . 
 i 'd become the meaning behind sos . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 christian asked softly , his hand moving dangerously close to the hem of my skirt . 
 but i did n't tell him to move it . 
 i did n't care . 
 and i was n't going to answer him either . 
 instead , i just stared at aiden 's house , hoping he 'd come marching outside and walk over to this car and yank me out . 
 he would tell me he loved me and that this was all a big mistake . 
 that nothing happened or was even going to happen . 
 the light in his upstairs bedroom flicked on , and my heart officially broke . 
 no . 
 no . 
 not my aiden . 
 not him . 
 i bent over , sobbing violently . 
 this was n't real . 
 it was some nightmare , and i was still in aiden 's room , letting him hold me like he did last night . 
 he would n't hurt me . 
 never . 
 christian 's hand moved off my leg and touched my shoulder . 
 he was n't aiden , but i wished he were . 
 i let christian pull me into him , and i cried against his shirt . 
 hard . 
 i 'd lost everything . 
 i reached up and wrapped my hands behind christian 's neck as i continued to shake . 
 what would i do ? 
 what could i possibly do now ? 
 `` do n't cry , tessa , '' christian whispered into my hair . 
 his voice was soft . 
 i liked it . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' i choked out , letting go of him to wipe my face . 
 christian was holding me tightly , and although i knew i needed to pull away from him , i did n't . 
 i felt so lonely . 
 so dead . 
 `` he 's an ass ** le , '' christian said . 
 `` no , '' i mumbled , trying to let the numbness take me over . 
 i did n't want to cry anymore . 
 i did n't want to hurt . 
 christian slid his hand from my shoulder to hold the back of my neck . 
 it was actually very comforting . 
 i suddenly felt protected . 
 `` shh ... '' he said into my hair . 
 his breath was warm on my ear . 
 it made me feel special , the way he wanted me . 
 i did n't love him . 
 he was n't aiden . 
 but christian liked me even without the pep . 
 i sniffled and looked at him . 
 `` i want to go home , '' i said , and slowly began to pull away . 
 only , when i moved back , christian kept his hand on my neck , tilting my mouth toward his . 
 his face was slightly blurry as i tried to look back at it , blinking through my tears . 
 `` you said no touching , '' i whispered . 
 `` i 'll take care of you . '' 
 i closed my eyes and shook my head . 
 while his one hand was on my neck , christian 's other touched my leg again . 
 i looked at him , ready to tell him to stop , when he leaned forward , pressing his mouth against mine . 
 he held me to him as his tongue slid into my mouth . 
 he was n't mine . 
 and although i wanted to stop , i found myself kissing him back , letting his tongue touch mine . 
 my body was responding despite myself as his hand moved from behind my neck to my shoulder . 
 he was making out with me , and i was letting him . 
 why the flip was i letting him ? 
 `` i 've wanted you since that first day in class , '' he murmured in between my lips . 
 his hand moved up my leg , but the minute i felt it touch me , touch me in the place where only aiden had been , i pushed him back , breaking our connection . 
 wait . 
 what was happening ? 
 oh . 
 heck , no ! 
 my mind cleared , and i moved to my side of the car and stared at him , pressing myself to the door . 
 my face was on fire , and my breath was coming out in gasps . 
 there was a tingling between my legs , but it was n't because i was hot for him . 
 i felt ... violated . 
 my eyes were wide as i watched him lick his lips . 
 bloody mary ! 
 he 'd just totally taken advantage of my distress , and he did n't care . 
 he did n't care about me . 
 only one guy did , and i needed him . 
 i needed aiden ! 
 desperately , i grasped the handle of the car door and pushed it open , dashing out . 
 christian called my name in a loud whisper from the driver 's window , but i was a cheerleader . 
 i knew how to hustle . 
 i ran across the street and hopped the curb , headed straight for aiden 's house . 
 i did n't care if chloe was in there . 
 i did n't even care if she was naked . 
 she was leaving . 
 aiden was mine . 
 he was my wildcat . 
 there was the sound of a car door , and i had the feeling that christian was coming after me . 
 chances were that aiden 's front door was locked , so i turned and ran to the side of his house . 
 i got to the lattice and began climbing like mad . 
 my breathing was so heavy , i knew i would n't be able to talk when i saw him . 
 and i knew that i 'd be in for something awful when i found them together . 
 but i did n't care . 
 i needed him . 
 my mother forgave my father , and i could forgive aiden . 
 he was my only guy . 
 `` tessa , '' christian whispered up at me as i reached aiden 's window . 
 i ignored him and put my hands on the cold glass , sliding open the pane . 
 the lattice would n't support christian 's weight , so i knew he could n't reach me . 
 trying to steady my breath , i threw my legs inside aiden 's window , letting the familiar smell of it fall over me . 
 then i braced myself for what i 'd find . 
 it was chloe . 
 alone and lying across his bed . 
 dressed . 
 she sat up in shock and stared at me . 
 `` what the f ** k are you doing here ? '' 
 she hissed , looking toward the closed door . 
 i curled my lip . 
 not only was she in my boyfriend 's room , she was cussing at me . 
 i snapped . 
 it took me about one and half seconds to reach her before i grabbed her pale-white arm , yanking her off the bed . 
 her blond hair whipped around , smacking me in the face as i tossed her to the floor . 
 she glared up at me , her yellow sundress pooled around her hips , displaying her white lace panties . 
 i clenched my jaw . 
 she did n't belong in here . 
 i would n't let her take my boyfriend . 
 chloe jumped up and stepped to me , pushing me hard and making me stumble back a few feet . 
 as i recovered , she wound up and slapped me hard across the face . 
 ouch . 
 it stung . 
 i 'd never been slapped before . 
 `` snake , '' i snarled , reaching out to knot her hair in my fist . 
 `` bitch , '' she screamed , and she elbowed me hard on the chin . 
 i reached up to put my hand over my face , feeling the vibration through my jaw . 
 but the minute i raised my arm , she punched me hard in the stomach . 
 shoot . 
 she was kicking my tail . 
 `` you ! '' 
 i yelled , working through the pain and getting a fresh grip on her hair . 
 `` are a seriously bad person and i hate you ! '' 
 i swung her around , but she kicked me in the shin so hard , i let her go and fell back on the bed . 
 she lunged on top of me . 
 `` he 's mine now , '' chloe spat , putting her hands around my neck to choke me . 
 `` he knows you 're with christian . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i tried to say , but , well , she was choking me . 
 her little revelation gave me a temporary adrenaline rush . 
 i rolled over , taking her with me , and we tumbled off the bed and onto the carpeted floor . 
 i straddled her and tried to pin her arms down . 
 `` i am not with christian , '' i said in her face . 
 she sneered . 
 `` that 's not what my brother will tell him . '' 
 my stomach turned , not liking the ominous tone of her voice , but before i could question her further , she punched me in the jaw , knocking me off of her . 
 i was on my back and she got up , looming above me . 
 i scrambled to my feet and put my hands up defensively as she tried to punch me again . 
 aiden 's door flew open . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 he said , looking around . 
 chloe used the temporary distraction . 
 the lunatic reached out to pick up aiden 's alarm clock , yanked it from the wall , and threw it at my head . 
 it blasted me in the forehead and for a second , i saw stars . 
 lots of them . 
 `` are you nuts ? '' 
 aiden yelled at her . 
 i opened my eyes to see him take her by the arm and push her toward his door . 
 `` i thought you were too drunk to go home , but instead you 're assaulting my girlfriend ? '' 
 girlfriend ? 
 i blinked quickly . 
 my head was hurting . 
 `` aiden ? '' 
 i called . 
 he turned around and his mouth dropped . 
 `` oh , baby , '' he said , letting go of chloe and moving toward me . 
 `` you 're bleeding , tess . '' 
 he put his palm on my face and looked down at me . 
 he brushed my hair away from my head and i felt relief sweep over me ; i also felt wetness run down my cheek . 
 but he was looking at me the way he always had . 
 he loved me . 
 he still loved me . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he asked quietly , glancing with concern between my forehead-which was already swelling , from the feel of it-and my eyes . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 chloe laughed . 
 aiden and i both looked at her . 
 blue light special ! 
 i might have a concussion . 
 chloe swiped the corner of her mouth with the back of her hand , checking to see if it was bleeding . 
 it was n't , but i wished it were . 
 her voice cut through me . 
 `` she 's spying on you , aiden , '' chloe said . 
 `` your sweet little tessa does n't trust you . 
 why should she ? 
 she obviously ca n't be trusted . '' 
 aiden shook his head and turned back to me , grabbing a t-shirt off his desk to hold it to my head . 
 i was bleeding . 
 that was n't good . 
 but aiden was taking care of me . 
 i smiled , putting my arms around his waist . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said to him , gazing up into his green eyes . 
 i felt unsteady , out of sorts . 
 `` i love you , '' i whispered to him . 
 `` and i do n't care what you were doing . 
 i just need you , aiden . 
 i forgive you . '' 
 i was n't sure if my speech was slurred because aiden was staring down at me , looking completely confused . 
 `` what i was doing ? '' 
 chloe laughed again , but neither of us turned to her . 
 `` tess , '' aiden said . 
 `` chloe called me saying she was stranded at a party and that she needed a ride home . 
 so i picked her up , but she said she was too drunk to go home and that her dad would freak . 
 i told her she could come back here until she felt better . '' 
 he stepped back from me and then took my hand to put it on the t-shirt that was against my forehead . 
 he dropped his arm . 
 `` were ... were you spying on me ? '' 
 if only i were n't so dizzy , i could explain . 
 but i 'd just gotten my tush thoroughly kicked by a nasty little blonde . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said , reaching out for him . 
 `` christian said - '' `` christian ? 
 what the f ** k does he have to do with this ? '' 
 i did n't scold aiden about his language . 
 i 'd like to know what the eff christian had to do with this too . 
 and his sister . 
 `` she was with him tonight , '' chloe announced , sounding like a spoiled five-year-old . 
 why was she still here ? 
 `` go home , '' aiden said to her , without looking back . 
 he was studying my face . 
 and he was being rude to her . 
 i liked it . 
 `` but she was with him , a. right outside in his car - '' aiden closed his eyes . 
 `` chloe , '' he said in a very controlled voice . 
 `` please get out of my house before i call your father to have him come pick you up . '' 
 then it occurred to me . 
 i 'd been played . 
 christian and chloe must have set aiden up and i took the bait . 
 i 'd ... let christian 's tongue in my mouth . 
 i swooned . 
 aiden reached out to steady me , completely concerned . 
 he removed the t-shirt and examined my head while he chewed on his lip . 
 i should have trusted him . 
 nothing was 100 percent . 
 not even cheating . 
 chloe huffed and turned , slamming aiden 's door on her way out , making a framed picture of us drop off the wall . 
 she was such a disturbed girl . 
 i hoped she sought help . 
 possibly in another state . 
 `` does this hurt ? '' 
 aiden asked softly , touching my cut . 
 `` no , '' i whispered . 
 i could tell he was angry , but i felt better than i had in weeks . 
 there was never a date . 
 it had all been a lie , a plotted-out , evil lie . 
 `` you might need a stitch , '' aiden said , finally meeting my eyes . 
 yeah . 
 he was definitely mad . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i said again . 
 i wanted to forget it all . 
 christian , chloe , spying . 
 i just wanted aiden . 
 he clenched his jaw . 
 `` exactly what part are you sorry for , tess ? 
 spying on me ? 
 believing i 'd cheat on you ? 
 hanging out with that ass ** le ? '' 
 `` aiden . '' 
 he moved back from me . 
 `` do n't . '' 
 he tossed the bloody t-shirt on his desk and then pointed at me . 
 `` do n't tell me not to swear . 
 i 'm going to beat his ass . '' 
 he stalked to the window , looking out into the night . 
 `` did he bring you here ? '' 
 i could tell by the way aiden was searching the street that christian 's car was probably gone . 
 i wondered if he brought his sister home or if she 'd walked . 
 i hoped she walked . 
 she could use some of the exercise endorphins . 
 `` he told me you went to dinner with chloe and - '' `` i did n't go to any goddamn dinner . 
 and why were you with him in the first place ? '' 
 aiden demanded . 
 this was not the time to tell him the truth about sos . 
 not when he was looking so unkindly at me . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i answered instead . 
 `` but we came here and i saw chloe hugging you . 
 and i saw you bring her inside and then the light in your bedroom - '' `` you thought i was sleeping with her ? 
 i 'm ... '' he paused to clench his jaw . 
 `` i 'm not my father . 
 i would never do anything like that , tessa . '' 
 `` aiden - '' `` how did you even know she called me anyway ? '' 
 `` her brother , '' i said quietly . 
 aiden shook his head , glaring at me . 
 `` so you 're just sitting in front of my house with another guy , looking in my window ? 
 are you nancy drew ? '' 
 `` no , but - '' `` do you and your little friend spy on people a lot , tessa ? 
 is that where you 've been ? '' 
 `` where i 've been ? '' 
 i was confused . 
 he scoffed . 
 `` yeah . 
 you know-the late nights , not answering your phone . 
 the weird looks back and forth with the squad . 
 have you been ... '' he paused and took a harsh breath . 
 `` have you been cheating on me , baby ? '' 
 his face was absolute pain . 
 `` no , '' i said emphatically . 
 `` of course not . 
 it 's just that everything has been so different lately , and i was sad . 
 then i heard some things about you and chloe and i just lost it . 
 we showed up here , and then when she went in your house , i started freaking out . 
 i was ready to go home , but then christian grabbed me and started kissing me , but - '' `` hold up , '' aiden said , his eyes narrowed to slits . 
 i froze . 
 this was bad . 
 this was really bad . 
 i needed to backtrack . 
 `` i know , but - '' `` he put his hands on you ? '' 
 aiden asked calmly . 
 he should n't be calm . 
 that was odd . 
 `` yeah , '' i said , trying to match his subdued tone . 
 `` his hands , his lips , his tongue - '' `` you let him put his tongue in your mouth ? '' 
 aiden was so pale . 
 i walked toward him , but he put his hands up and crossed the room to get away from me . 
 my stomach turned . 
 `` did you kiss him back , tessa ? 
 did you f ** king kiss him ? '' 
 and aiden 's voice cracked as he stared at me , looking devastated . 
 great scott ! 
 one hundred percent . 
 it was true , only aiden was n't the one that needed to be investigated ; it was me . 
 i had kissed christian back , no matter how misguided it was ; my tongue was in his mouth too . 
 i wanted to wash it out . 
 `` i did kiss him , but - '' `` tessa , '' aiden yelled , looking at me . 
 `` why would you do that ? '' 
 he put both of his hands on his head . 
 `` what the hell ? 
 why would you let him do that ? 
 oh my god ! '' 
 he searched the room with his eyes , then turned his back on me , resting his hands against the wall and leaning into it . 
 he dropped his head as small whimpers escaped from him . 
 my entire body ached , and not just from where chloe had hit me . 
 aiden was crying , his shoulders shaking violently . 
 and it was my fault . 
 `` aiden , '' i called softly . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 he whispered without picking up his head . 
 `` do n't you love me ? '' 
 good gravy ! 
 of course i loved him . 
 i walked up and hugged him from behind , resting my face on his back . 
 `` i do love you , aiden . 
 so much . 
 and i was devastated when sos got the message about you and chloe - '' `` sos ? '' 
 he asked , and sniffled . 
 he straightened up and turned in my arms before taking me by the shoulders to move me back from him . 
 `` what 's sos ? '' 
 dang it . 
 this was not the time to tell him , but i could n't lie anymore . 
 not after all of this . 
 `` it 's sort of a long story . '' 
 his jaw clenched . 
 `` as long as the one about you kissing another guy ? '' 
 was there a way back from this ? 
 would aiden ever forgive me ? 
 `` what is sos ? '' 
 he asked again slowly . 
 i swallowed hard . 
 `` the society of smitten kittens . '' 
 he waited and then adjusted his stance , letting me know that he was getting impatient . 
 time to talk . 
 `` we investigate cheaters . '' 
 `` investigate ? '' 
 i could n't tell if he believed me or not . 
 i bit on the inside of my cheek , meeting his irritated gaze . 
 `` you remember the other night , when i asked you about mary ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` well , after kyle cheated on her , she started up a sort of club . 
 when a girl thinks her boyfriend is cheating , she 'll text us . 
 we ... sneak around and find out for them . '' 
 aiden licked his bottom lip , staring at me . 
 `` if anyone else was telling me this , i 'd say they were full of it . 
 but it 's you . 
 and i do n't know what you 've gotten yourself into , but i do n't like it . 
 you spy on people ? '' 
 he sounded disappointed . 
 i ducked my head . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` then what ? '' 
 `` we tell the girls , leona gives them a cheater incident report , and we let them decide what to do . '' 
 aiden shook his head . 
 it was a lot to take in . 
 i could understand that . 
 `` and ... you 've been doing this to me ? '' 
 `` no , '' i said , reaching for him again . 
 he let me put my hands around his waist , but he made no move to touch me . 
 `` it was just tonight . 
 someone texted me and said that you were seeing chloe . 
 i - '' `` and it never occurred to you that it could be that ass ** le ? 
 or his sister ? 
 or just someone messing with you ? 
 you just believed it . 
 wow , tessa . 
 wow . '' 
 aiden looked up at his ceiling , blinking away tears . 
 i put my head on his chest , wishing he would just wrap his arms around me like he used to . 
 `` i did n't want to believe it , '' i whispered . 
 `` things between us had just been so different lately . 
 i thought - '' `` because of you , '' aiden said loudly . 
 `` you 're always busy , tessa . 
 distant . 
 i did n't know what was going on . 
 i was trying to give you space , but i did n't think you 'd hook up with another guy . '' 
 i closed my eyes . 
 i had thoroughly effed up . 
 `` and this sos bullshit . 
 i ca n't even begin to understand the number of ways it 's wrong . 
 my god . 
 did you break into people 's houses ? '' 
 `` occasionally . '' 
 `` how long have you been doing this ? '' 
 uh-oh . 
 `` two years . '' 
 his body stiffened . 
 `` two years ? 
 you 've ... you 've been sneaking around for two years ? 
 our entire relationship ? '' 
 his voice was controlled , but i knew he wanted to yell . 
 his body had begun to shake . 
 i , on the other hand , was on the verge of getting sick . 
 my head was seriously wounded . 
 `` yeah , '' i mumbled . 
 i wanted this to be over . 
 i wanted the healing to begin . 
 starting with my forehead . 
 aiden gasped . 
 `` wait . 
 did you have something to do with caleb and his girlfriend breaking up ? '' 
 i did n't move . 
 yes , i did have something to do with it , but i mean , he was cheating on his girlfriend . 
 he was n't an innocent victim or anything . 
 `` answer me , '' aiden said , and he took me by the upper arms and moved my body off of his . 
 he did n't want me touching him . 
 i nodded . 
 his face was a mixture of pain and anger , and he brought his hands to his face and rubbed roughly at it . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 he asked . 
 he looked at me , sad , confused . 
 `` who the f ** k are you ? '' 
 his voice was quiet , hurt . 
 heartbroken . 
 but i was here now . 
 we 'd be okay . 
 `` i love you , '' i murmured . 
 there was a new aching in my chest . 
 a different one than i 'd felt earlier . 
 this one was worse because it was my own fault . 
 i 'd made this mess . 
 me . 
 aiden 's eyes softened a little as he looked down at me . 
 he reached his hand out to run his fingers down my cheek , so gently that i nearly cried . 
 but then he brought his thumb and traced it over my lips , slowly . 
 he swallowed hard . 
 `` you let him touch you here , '' he whispered . 
 `` and now ... '' his thumb paused in the middle of my lip . 
 `` i can never kiss you again . '' 
 dropped . 
 my stomach dropped as his eyes glassed over , and then he moved his hand and broke from me . 
 he walked across his room , and i tried to breathe . 
 i was n't sure i could . 
 i heard his bedroom door creak open . 
 `` go home , tessa , '' he said to my back . 
 i could n't turn . 
 please . 
 let this not be real . 
 let me wake up . 
 please . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 and he was pleading . 
 he wanted me to go . 
 this was the warning before he became rude . 
 blinking quickly , i turned to look at him . 
 he stared past me , looking at the wall above my head . 
 he was n't going to forgive me . 
 i walked to the door , pausing in front of him , looking up and waiting for him to see me . 
 finally , his green eyes flicked to mine . 
 they were sad . 
 so very , very sad . 
 `` goodbye , baby , '' he said , letting his voice crack . 
 my lip quivered and i wanted to grab him . 
 but he put his hand on my back and pushed me gently through the door . 
 he walked me downstairs and left me on his front porch . 
 aiden did n't even look at me again before he shut the door , locked it , and left me outside . 
 alone . 
 sos disciplinary action from : leona to : kira you have violated one or more of the sos rules and are therefore subject to disciplinary action . 
 you are hereby suspended for one mission for violating the rule -lrb- s -rrb- marked below : o confirming a cheat with insufficient evidence o violating the gag rule o reinvestigating a subject -lrb- double jeopardy -rrb- o making personal calls during a mission o intervening with a cheat in progress o spying on a non-subject other : x hooking up with the subject of investigation ! 
 x wearing heels while on a mission sos text : 555-0101 exposing cheaters for over two years chapter sixteen kira took me to the emergency room after aiden called her to come pick me up . 
 it was sweet of him to make sure i got home okay , even though he was n't willing to do it himself . 
 at one point while i was walking , i thought i 'd heard someone following me , but when i turned , no one was there . 
 i chalked it up to head wound delusions . 
 kira had picked me up about a block away from aiden 's house and driven directly to good samaritan hospital . 
 when we got there , the blue plaster walls were filled to the brim with patients . 
 but the nurses quickly evaluated me . 
 probably because i was still in uniform . 
 i needed a stitch , but luckily , i did n't have a concussion . 
 and although i asked , there was no medication for a broken heart . 
 as kira and i waited in the lobby for me to be called back , the nurse gave me a gauze pad that i held to my forehead . 
 my life was shattered , and my brain was throbbing . 
 things would never be okay . 
 `` i 'm not trying to be nosy , '' kira said from the hard plastic chair next to me . 
 `` but what exactly happened when you and christian were in his car ? '' 
 i did n't want to tell her . 
 i 'd glossed over the details the first time for a reason . 
 no , all i wanted right now was to listen to coughing patients and the hum of the monitors . 
 `` i 'm a horrible person , k , '' i mumbled , staring at the receptionist behind the desk . 
 she had on those chic , beehive-frame glasses with a dainty silver chain dangling from them , looped around her neck . 
 i 'd have to tell leona about them . 
 they were fabulous . 
 kira gasped . 
 `` no , you 're not , tess . 
 you 're the greatest person i know . '' 
 i scoffed . 
 `` i kissed christian , '' i said , turning to stare at her . 
 `` i was upset and i cheated on aiden . 
 what kind of person does that make me ? '' 
 my best friend smiled and reached out to take the gauze from my head , checking my wound . 
 `` it makes you a regular person , tessa crimson . 
 you ca n't be spot-on all the time . 
 you made a mistake . 
 aiden will get over it . '' 
 she refolded the bandage and applied pressure . 
 she was too good to me , but she was wrong . 
 aiden would never forgive me . 
 i saw it in his eyes tonight . 
 `` i do n't deserve you , '' i said , feeling it was true . 
 `` i do n't deserve to be a smitten kitten . '' 
 kira squeaked and touched her chest . 
 `` are you kidding ? '' 
 she stood up in front of me and tilted her head . 
 `` last year when i was dating all those football players , who told me that i was more than a piece of tail ? '' 
 i looked at her . 
 `` i did . '' 
 kira glanced around the room , not seeming to care that people were watching her . 
 `` and who saved leona from that kitten fight at the pool with lucy mcgill after leona called her fat ? '' 
 `` me . '' 
 `` who told izzie that being adopted was better than having regular parents because it meant they 'd handpicked her ? '' 
 i nodded . 
 i saw what kira was doing , but it would n't help . 
 i had guilt so deep in my skin that i did n't know if i could ever perk up . 
 kira leaned down , putting her hands on either side of my chair . 
 she got close to my face . 
 `` and who '' - her eyes began to water - `` was there for me when my dad left ? '' 
 i sniffled . 
 `` me . '' 
 `` and that 's because you 're a great person . 
 you 're the queen bee for a reason . '' 
 i nearly burst into tears as i reached out and hugged her . 
 the smell of her strawberry shampoo filled my nose and set me at ease . 
 i could always count on kira . 
 `` tessa crimson , '' a nurse called from the triage room . 
 i turned to her and then nodded at kira . 
 `` thanks , k , '' i said , pulling back . 
 i was glad that i still had someone . 
 `` no prob , tess . 
 just remember , a smitten kitten always lands on her feet . '' 
 she took my arm and helped me up , then followed me to the cubicle . 
 despite being a game day , friday was easily the second-worst day of my life . 
 i had a band-aid on the side of my forehead , which was not at all cute . 
 it was n't even pink . 
 and i had a bruise on my jaw from where chloe had punched me . 
 plus christian the creep had come to school , and aiden was completely avoiding me . 
 like completely . 
 the one bright spot was that when i saw chloe , she had a black eye and a small scratch on her cheek . 
 it made me feel a little better . 
 the smitten kittens were all on edge , watching the crowds , keeping our ears to the ground . 
 christian would surely tell the school . 
 if not , his sister would n't miss the chance . 
 but none of the guys did more than their usual gawking . 
 no one even seemed to have heard about aiden and me . 
 `` i feel like we 're in the nose of the storm , '' kira leaned over to whisper to me during history class . 
 `` it 's eerie . '' 
 `` i think you mean the eye of the storm . '' 
 i took out my pen and drew hearts on my notebook , not looking at her . 
 i was a mess . 
 there was a purple , stitched welt on my forehead , my cheer skirt was wrinkled , and the paint on my toenails was chipped off . 
 i had n't even bothered to tie my hair up . 
 i was a poor excuse for a captain . 
 kira sighed . 
 `` tessa , '' she said . 
 `` it 'll be okay . 
 aiden is still whipped cream ; i know it . '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` he hates me . '' 
 `` cut up the charge card because i 'm not buying it , '' she said , tickling my nose with the purple pom-pom on her pen . 
 mr. powell cleared his throat , and i glanced up at him in front of the class . 
 i wondered if he knew-if my teacher somehow knew that my boyfriend had kicked me out of his room . 
 but i was being paranoid . 
 i dropped my eyes and continued to draw on my notebook . 
 since i 'd left aiden 's last night , i 'd become numb . 
 well , except for my forehead , which still throbbed . 
 kira looked over her shoulder toward the back of the room and then leaned into me . 
 `` do you think christian is going to tell everyone about sos ? '' 
 her voice was shaky . 
 i did n't blame her for being nervous . 
 kira still cared about her social life , and she still wanted to date . 
 if we were outed , both of those things would be crushed . 
 but i did n't give a rusty nail . 
 at least about dating . 
 `` i do n't know if he 'll tell , '' i said , my voice low . 
 `` but chloe probably will . '' 
 kira gasped . 
 `` she knows ? '' 
 `` ladies , '' mr. powell interrupted . 
 `` do you mind ? '' 
 kira and i both looked up at him . 
 `` sorry , '' kira said and smiled . 
 i closed my eyes and took a deep breath . 
 i was completely and utterly without spirit . 
 i just wanted class to be over . 
 there was a slim chance aiden would be at my locker , and there was an even slimmer chance that he might talk to me . 
 after all , my mother had forgiven my father . 
 could n't aiden forgive me ? 
 after history , i had left kira to walk the opposite way down the hall when someone touched my elbow . 
 i swung around , startled . 
 `` what the flip ? '' 
 i said . 
 it was christian , looking haggard , exhausted . 
 jingle bells ! 
 this kid was hard to shake . 
 `` please do n't talk to me , '' i mumbled , turning away from him . 
 i started walking again and he fell in step next to me . 
 `` i want to apologize , '' he said . 
 my eyes felt heavy . 
 so did my heart . 
 `` not accepted . '' 
 `` tessa , please , '' christian said , grabbing my arm and swinging me around . 
 i gasped . 
 he was still not allowed to touch me . 
 `` get your hands off of me , '' i hissed , trying to pull my arm away . 
 his face twisted , but instead of backing up , he yanked me closer . 
 `` but ... you kissed me back , tessa . 
 you kissed me last night . '' 
 he was desperate . 
 the look on his face was absolutely desperate . 
 i was nauseated by the reminder and the smell of spearmint that washed over my face . 
 his hands had touched me yesterday . 
 ick . 
 i pulled my arm out of his grip . 
 `` was it you ? '' 
 i asked . 
 did i want the truth ? 
 `` was what me ? '' 
 christian licked his lips , looking at mine . 
 gross ! 
 dream on . 
 his mouth would never touch me again . 
 `` did you send the text about aiden and chloe ? 
 did you and your sister plan this whole thing ? '' 
 it only took a second for his cheeks to turn red . 
 carpal tunnel syndrome ! 
 that sneaky son of a biscuit . 
 he 'd sent a fake message . 
 i 'd been so stupid . 
 `` yes , but hear me out , '' he said , reaching to touch my hand . 
 `` ew , no ! '' 
 i pushed him backward , and a few people turned to look at us . 
 we were quickly drawing a crowd . 
 `` it was you ! 
 all along it was you , orchestrating everything ! '' 
 i was yelling . 
 i was yelling at school and i was n't in the gymnasium . 
 `` i ca n't believe how manipulative you 've been . 
 oh , my word ! '' 
 christian 's mouth hung open ; he was probably shocked that i was screaming at him , embarrassed that everyone was watching us . 
 but i was n't ready to stop there . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he said quietly , self-consciously . 
 `` i just really liked you . 
 i thought if you - '' `` that 's not an excuse ! '' 
 i pushed him backward again . 
 he stumbled . 
 `` i 'm so sick of you right now . '' 
 and i was . 
 i looked him up and down , my purr transformed into a hiss . 
 `` i ca n't believe your tongue was ever in my mouth ! '' 
 the crowd collectively gasped . 
 well , if they did n't know about me and aiden before , they certainly did now . 
 it did n't matter . 
 i was done with secrets . 
 `` stay away from me , '' i said in no uncertain terms . 
 christian looked crushed , and for a second , i felt bad about it . 
 like i 'd broken his heart . 
 but then i remembered how his hand had slid under my skirt as i cried . 
 jerk . 
 big stupid jerk . 
 i twirled around , turning my back on him , on the crowd , and i marched . 
 i stomped down the hall and headed for aiden 's class . 
 he 'd talk to me . 
 i would n't let him ignore me . 
 a few people whispered as i walked by . 
 my reputation was ruined , and maybe by the end of the day , they 'd know about sos too . 
 i turned down the english hallway and i saw him . 
 i saw the tousled blond hair and the long , lean body . 
 suddenly my urge to cry was back . 
 `` aiden ! '' 
 i called . 
 he stopped walking but did n't turn around . 
 my heart sped up . 
 i trotted ahead , and when i reached him , i took his forearm , turning him to me . 
 his skin was so warm . 
 sweet kitty princess ! 
 i missed him . 
 aiden gently removed himself from my hands . 
 `` hello , tessa , '' he said looking down at me . 
 i could n't read his expression , but he had n't shaved . 
 he was sort of disheveled , and i loved him like that . 
 `` you did n't take my calls , '' i said , my voice sad . 
 aiden 's face twitched a little , but he straightened it . 
 `` i 'm sorry about that , '' he answered . 
 his green eyes flicked to my band-aid . 
 `` i heard you needed to get stitches . '' 
 he heard ? 
 was he asking about me ? 
 that was sweet . 
 `` i got one , '' i said , trying to sound cute , the way he used to like me . 
 aiden chewed on his lip , watching me , calm and collected . 
 `` tessa , '' he said , dropping his eyes . 
 `` i think i need a break . '' 
 the bell rang , sending students running past us in the hallway . 
 but aiden and i stood there , staring at each other . 
 it got very quiet , and i could barely breathe . 
 `` a break ? '' 
 aiden looked down at my lips but then clenched his jaw and looked past me . 
 i wondered if he was imagining christian 's mouth there . 
 `` i ca n't be with you anymore , '' he said . 
 `` not after ... everything . 
 all the lies . '' 
 he shook his head . 
 `` but - '' `` it 's over . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 he would n't look at me . 
 i did n't want to cry in the middle of the hallway , but i felt like i needed to defend myself . 
 i wanted aiden to understand . 
 `` we started sos with good intentions , aiden . 
 they were cheating . 
 all those guys were cheating , do n't you see that ? '' 
 he snapped his green eyes to mine , pulling back his mouth in a sneer . 
 `` and you were spying , sneaking around . 
 why was it your business ? 
 it was n't . 
 you had no right . '' 
 ouch . 
 there was a pain growing in my chest , getting deep and heavy . 
 `` i still love you , though . '' 
 aiden blinked and sniffled once before looking away . 
 `` yeah , well . 
 it 's not just about you anymore . '' 
 `` do n't , '' i said , but when i reached for him , he stepped back . 
 away from me . 
 i blinked rapidly , trying to keep the tears from spilling . 
 i needed to go home now . 
 my life had just been thoroughly thrashed . 
 aiden did n't want me . 
 the boy did n't want me anymore . 
 `` i 'll see you around , ba ... tessa , '' he murmured . 
 i felt absolutely defeated . 
 aiden turned and slowly began to walk down the empty hall , dragging his sneakers on the linoleum . 
 i stared after him , no longer needing to hold back my tears . 
 just as i closed my eyes , they leaked down my cheeks . 
 i was n't sure how to do this . 
 how to properly grieve for him . 
 cookies and ice cream could n't solve this problem . 
 i was n't sure anything could . 
 christian started calling my cell , but i did n't answer . 
 he did n't deserve that satisfaction . 
 i deleted his messages before listening to them . 
 i was sure that the smitten kittens were trying to keep sos alive without me , especially leona , but i 'd given up all control . 
 i 'd barely been showing up for practice . 
 i 'd even missed last week 's game . 
 aiden did n't sit at our lunch table anymore . 
 he sat with darren and the team . 
 i stared at him sometimes , but he did n't look back . 
 he just kept his head down and chewed his food . 
 he looked as sad as i felt . 
 he really was taking a break . 
 he would n't take my calls . 
 his mother had begun chatting with me on the phone , though , mostly about school stuff . 
 she did n't ask if aiden and i were officially over ; she probably did n't need to . 
 obviously he did n't want to talk to me . 
 christian and chloe kept quiet about sos . 
 i was n't even sure chloe knew the whole story . 
 but if she did , she was keeping her pouty mouth shut . 
 maybe she was embarrassed . 
 embarrassed that aiden did n't want her . 
 even without me in his life , he still did n't want her scowling face . 
 one afternoon , i sat in the lunchroom , half dead from exhaustion . 
 i 'd been having all sorts of nightmares lately-ones where i was running around desperately , trying to finish impossible missions . 
 the squad was with me , but my table was without pep . 
 it was lonely . 
 i looked across the buzzing cafeteria at aiden . 
 at the same moment , he picked up his adorably blond head . 
 his mouth opened as our eyes met , but then he dropped his gaze , staring down at his tray . 
 did he still love me ? 
 did he miss me ? 
 right . 
 he could n't even look at me . 
 i felt seriously dejected . 
 alone . 
 kira cleared her throat from across the table . 
 `` tess ? '' 
 she asked cautiously . 
 `` we 've been getting texts . 
 ones for sos . 
 but ... things have n't been going well . '' 
 leona snorted . 
 i glanced at her and she widened her eyes , letting me know that kira 's words were an understatement . 
 `` how not well ? '' 
 i asked , pushing my tray away . 
 `` um ... '' `` like izzie almost got arrested not well , '' leona spoke up . 
 `` and i broke my glasses . '' 
 she pointed to her newly unobscured brown eyes . 
 i was ashamed that i had n't even noticed that she was n't wearing her glasses . 
 my observation skills had completely deteriorated . 
 leona leaned her elbows on the table . 
 `` without you , tess , we 're a detecting disaster . 
 in fact '' - she pointed down the table - `` kira ended up making out with the suspect ! 
 again ! '' 
 i looked sharply at my friend , but she shrugged . 
 my word . 
 the smitten kittens were running wild . 
 `` look , girls . 
 it 's time . 
 sos saved a lot of heartache , but at what expense ? '' 
 i sounded braver than i felt . 
 but they needed a leader . 
 they needed me . 
 `` he still loves you , '' kira said to me , as if she knew what my real trauma was about . 
 she smiled , her dimples deepening . 
 `` aiden will be back . '' 
 she was a doll for saying it , but i was n't so sure . 
 a guy like aiden did n't just walk around life single . 
 someone would get their claws into him . 
 and they probably would n't make out with another boy in a car in front of his house . 
 they 'd trust him . 
 i wished i had . 
 `` tess . '' 
 leona tossed a wilted fry at me . 
 `` heads-up , christian is on his way . '' 
 my eyes snapped up . 
 pork chops and applesauce ! 
 she was right . 
 he was walking right for us-his long-sleeve t-shirt wrinkled and the bottom of his khakis shredded . 
 i turned quickly to look toward aiden 's table , but he was nowhere in sight . 
 his tray was gone too . 
 he 'd left , and i was glad for that . 
 i would n't want him to see christian and me in the same room , let alone within three feet of each other . 
 kira coughed as christian reached our table . 
 he stared down at me , his hands in the pockets of his tan pants . 
 i could n't even stomach looking at him . 
 neither could half the junior class . 
 the rumors in the halls were that christian had been plotting to steal me from the start . 
 some even claimed that christian was a plant by the ducks to thwart the playoffs by messing with the wildcats ' star player . 
 i knew that was n't the case , but i did n't bother correcting anyone . 
 i was glad he was a social leper . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 he asked with his quiet voice . 
 `` can i talk to you for a second ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you ca n't , '' kira answered for me . 
 i loved when she got a little attitude . 
 it was adorable . 
 i smiled to myself and stared down at the table , feeling slightly better . 
 `` fine , '' christian said , sounding low . 
 `` it 's for all of you anyway . 
 i just wanted you girls to know that i 'm not going to say anything about sos . 
 i realize that what i did was wrong . 
 i ... '' he paused , and i wondered if he 'd admit to everything he 'd done . 
 i leaned toward him . 
 `` look , tessa , '' he said , leveling his apologetic gaze at me . 
 `` i sent that text from cassie about aiden , and i 'm sorry . '' 
 my face became hot with anger . 
 leona growled from the end of the table . 
 christian glanced in her direction and then back at me . 
 `` and chloe was the one that called aiden 's mother about him drinking . 
 she also asked the teacher to set her up as aiden 's lab partner . '' 
 `` i knew it , '' i whispered , clenching my fists in my lap . 
 total scam job . 
 `` but we did n't do it for any stupid playoffs , '' christian said , his mouth pulled back in annoyance . 
 `` and chloe did n't just do it for aiden . 
 she did it for me . 
 things have been tough for us lately and she was trying to help . '' 
 `` help herself to tessa 's boyfriend , '' leona called out . 
 `` she 's not speaking to me either , '' he shot at leona . 
 `` i have nothing , okay ? 
 i screwed up and i 'm sorry . 
 i just ... i just wanted you to know that . '' 
 i did n't know whether to believe him . 
 when he looked back at me , i could tell by his weakened eyes that he was sorry . 
 he definitely was . 
 there was a small tug in my chest because it was hard to watch someone standing so awkwardly . 
 i turned away from him . 
 `` okay , thanks . 
 bye , '' leona said . 
 she was n't one to feel sorry for people , but that was okay . 
 my girls had my back . 
 i should have told them about what i was planning to do with aiden . 
 they would have set me straight . 
 christian stood for a minute , but i did n't look up until i heard his sandals shuffle away . 
 he did n't stay in the lunchroom ; instead , he just walked out . 
 i felt bad for him , really . 
 but i would n't talk to him again , not after everything he 'd done . 
 `` he 's still cute , '' kira said , twisting her gum around her finger . 
 i looked over at her in disbelief . 
 `` what ? '' 
 she asked , widening her eyes . 
 `` he is . '' 
 christian did n't give up easily . 
 he practically stalked me-again . 
 calling , waiting for me after class . 
 it was all i could do to not speak to him . 
 that was how i decided to handle it . 
 i would never speak to him again . 
 mature ? 
 not entirely . 
 but effective ? 
 most definitely . 
 unfortunately , aiden was using the same tactic on me . 
 no phone calls , no texts , not even a note written on the back of a homework assignment . 
 i could n't even figure out his schedule . 
 he was never in the halls , and i never saw him at lunch . 
 he was like a ghost . 
 he did n't so much as glance at me at the games . 
 my cheer kicks were decidedly less high . 
 i was happy that i did n't have to do any more spying for sos-knowing that i 'd never have to videotape another sexual act or hide under another restaurant table . 
 kira and leona had said they 'd handle the society , but after the mishandling of the last few missions , they 'd agreed it was time to let sos go . 
 leona drafted up a final letter and let me review it before sending it out . 
 then we hid all of our old equipment and files in a garage at izzie 's grandparents ' ranch . 
 even though sos was gone , we did n't have the heart to get rid of the stuff . 
 at least not yet . 
 but my perk did not return . 
 in fact , my depression seemed to deepen . 
 i missed several practices and my new cheers were less than inspiring . 
 at the games , my parents ' signs became more and more colorful ; probably they were trying to up my spirit , but it did n't work . 
 i needed more than glitter and puff paint . 
 instead , i just watched aiden race up and down the court , successfully ignoring me whenever i was near . 
 my parents only asked me about him once , and i told them the entire truth . 
 no more lies . 
 that was my new motto . 
 well , that and , `` can i have whipped cream on that ? '' 
 this depression had earned me about five pounds of guilt . 
 chloe joined a new crowd . 
 she and christian seemed to patch things up when he started sitting with her again at lunch . 
 her group consisted of other sophomores who were n't nearly as moody as her . 
 i hoped they could give her some guidance in the attitude department . 
 she definitely needed it . 
 but the wildcats played well . 
 our team had made the playoffs for the first time in three years , and as smitten kittens captain , that should have made me ecstatic . 
 but it did n't . 
 it had been four weeks , and my ex-boyfriend had yet to speak to me . 
 there was nothing inspiring in that . 
 i was n't sure i 'd even be able to lead the cheers for the big game . 
 i was n't sure of anything anymore . 
 sos termination of services dear clients , it is with a heavy heart that sos announces the termination of our cheater identification services . 
 due to recent events and dramas , it was determined that sos was no longer able to effectively conduct investigations . 
 enclosed you will find a self-discovery questionnaire to help you decide for yourself whether or not unfaithfulness is occurring . 
 but sos urges you to always base your decisions on concrete evidence . 
 not hunches . 
 and certainly not the hunches of boys that may have ulterior motives . 
 sos is thankful for your years of referrals and donations . 
 we hope that we have made high school a safer place for your hearts . 
 best of luck to you all in your future romantic endeavors . 
 chapter seventeen `` if it makes you feel better , tess , aiden looks like total crap . '' 
 kira smiled in a show of support . 
 the gym was loud around us as the wildcats raced from one end of the court to the other during the final round of the playoffs . 
 but aiden seemed exhausted , dribbling the ball with little oomph . 
 luckily for kira , my requirement for clean language had been relaxed over the weeks . 
 in fact , every image-conscious thing i 'd ever worried about seemed absolutely petty and ridiculous . 
 i did n't even wear ribbons anymore . 
 cheering through the playoffs had been difficult . 
 good thing this was the last game . 
 my self-esteem was in the gutter . 
 i was a horrible role model , and worse yet , i was a cheater . 
 of sorts . 
 i mean , sure , i 'd been manipulated , but nothing excused the fact that my passion pink lips were on the mouth of someone other than my boyfriend . 
 i 'd even used my tongue . 
 gross . 
 i dropped my head , staring down at the shiny wood of the gymnasium floor . 
 my pom-poms hung lifelessly at my side . 
 there was no cheer that could help me now . 
 the shrill sound of the buzzer startled me . 
 i felt the girls line up , poised to tell the wildcats to attack , but i stared at aiden . 
 his hands were on his hips as he talked to coach taylor , nodding . 
 he looked so cute in his basketball shorts . 
 i remembered how much i always liked him after a game . 
 all sweaty and manly . 
 we were n't as perfect as i 'd thought , but we 'd been happy . 
 i knew that . 
 why had i been so quick to think he was cheating ? 
 my suspicion had gone from zero to sixty in a nanosecond . 
 sure , there was sos and the history of cheaters , but aiden did n't have a history . 
 maybe we really had simply grown apart . 
 i sniffled . 
 i 'd never brush his damp hair away from his face again . 
 or hear his tender whispers in my ear as he massaged my shoulders . 
 i 'd totally effed up . 
 my life was a mess . 
 `` tess , '' kira called , smacking my shoulder with a gray and maroon pom-pom . 
 right . 
 the buzzer had sounded , signaling that warm-ups were over . 
 i was supposed to lead an encouraging cheer . 
 i closed my eyes and took a steadying breath . 
 i was still a smitten kitten . 
 people depended on me . 
 there was a distinct squeak as my sneakered toes crossed the planks to the middle of the court . 
 it was soon followed by the sound of eight other squeaks . 
 i looked at the crowd . 
 they were pumped . 
 people had actually painted their faces to look like cats . 
 normally , that would have made me smile . 
 but now , i could only force a grin . 
 i lifted my maroon and gray pom-poms in the air and shook them . 
 the room quieted at the familiar swooshing i provided . 
 i knew the usual cheer , but it did n't seem to fit the mood i was in . 
 something about being miserable made me less perky . 
 then i began a stomp , soon to be joined by my squad . 
 `` get the ball , get , get the ball . '' 
 they echoed . 
 `` ducks will fall , yes , yes , they 'll fall . '' 
 echoed again . 
 `` score it , dunk it , beat those ducks ! '' 
 `` let 's show them , we do n't give a fuck ! '' 
 the crowd finished the sentence with me and then went wild with crazy screams and uproarious laughter . 
 well , that pumped them up . 
 i dropped my pom-poms to my side and turned . 
 the girls stared at me , mouths agape . 
 the opposing team looked at me , almost frightened by the frenzy i 'd created . 
 and then the wildcats looked at me , mostly impressed . 
 except aiden . 
 he stared at me with a look of surprise i 'd never seen . 
 he 'd been so obnoxiously calm . 
 it was nice to see that i could still ruffle his fur . 
 my sneakers let off an admittedly adorable perky sound as i marched back over to the sidelines . 
 the crowd was chanting , `` sex kittens ! '' 
 they should have probably been saying , `` wildcats ! '' 
 or even , `` smitten kittens ! '' 
 but what the hay , at least they were making noise . 
 i dropped crossed-legged on the floor and folded my hands delicately on my lap . 
 my squad walked over , watching me like they were afraid i might pull out a switchblade and murder them at any second . 
 i was not unaware that they all sat at least three feet from me . 
 the players took the court , some laughing . 
 aiden shot a glance over to me , still wide-eyed . 
 i almost smiled at him , but he looked away before i could . 
 the plump ref stood in between dwayne and a duck . 
 i was mildly amused that the opposing player actually resembled his mascot . 
 ducks were so lame . 
 the room hushed . 
 the ref tossed the ball into the air and both boys jumped . 
 dwayne was the first to touch it , knocking it toward aiden . 
 aiden snatched it out of the air and pulled it down . 
 he began dribbling it toward the basket , then stopped , standing at the outside of the key . 
 coach taylor screamed out a play . 
 aiden continued to dribble and nodded at him . 
 he passed the ball to the center , who in turn attempted a layup . 
 it bounced off the rim into the hand of a duck , and the teams raced down to the other end of the court . 
 aiden was slow . 
 watching him now , i realized how right kira was . 
 he looked like a pile of sugar cubes . 
 his shirt was n't even tucked in . 
 the next twenty-four minutes were a slaughter . 
 the wildcats only scored twelve points . 
 the ducks had scored forty-eight . 
 when the halftime buzzer finally sounded , the entire gymnasium let out a sigh of relief . 
 there was only so much pain a group of overeager spectators could take . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 kira approached me slowly . 
 her blue eyes watched me cautiously . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` um . 
 did you have a specific cheer in mind for halftime ? '' 
 she looked frightened . 
 i realized she 'd never heard me cuss before . 
 it must have made me look pretty hard core . 
 `` k ... '' i paused and looked at the rest of the squad . 
 they 'd lost faith in me . 
 i 'd been a total downer for weeks and , as a result , the smitten kittens had lost their purr . 
 sos was dead . 
 there was only one thing to do . 
 step aside . 
 `` you lead them , '' i told kira , lifting my chin to her . 
 she gasped . 
 then the rest of the squad gasped . 
 well , except leona . 
 she said something closer to , `` you have got to be kidding me . '' 
 kira began to tear up and i smiled . 
 she deserved this moment . 
 she 'd been loyal all this time . 
 she 'd been cheated on , lost out on christian , and yet-she 'd never let it affect her cheering . 
 she should lead the big game . 
 `` really ? '' 
 she choked . 
 `` yeah . 
 really ? '' 
 leona asked , unnerved . 
 `` kira is your lead today , '' i announced , sounding brave . 
 `` make me proud , girls . 
 i 'm sitting this one out . '' 
 they looked me over sympathetically . 
 i was one sad kitty . 
 they could see i needed a rest . 
 with a quick embrace , kira thanked me and jogged out enthusiastically into center court as the players filtered into the locker room . 
 the squad began a spirit-inspiring cheer about making a comeback , and i took my spot on the gym floor sideline . 
 i picked at the shiny gray material of the pom-pom . 
 maybe i 'd just go home . 
 i glanced up into the crowd and saw my parents waving at me . 
 they were so sweet . 
 then out of the corner of my eye , i saw aiden 's mom . 
 we looked at each other , and i totally expected her to gloat in some way . 
 instead , she raised her hand in greeting , giving me a small smile-almost like she was happy to see me . 
 stunned , i smiled back politely and then turned to look down into my lap . 
 that was very strange . 
 quite odd . 
 truth was , there was no reason for me to be here anymore . 
 in fact , i was surely the reason aiden was messing up . 
 he was probably wishing i were gone . 
 he 'd never forgive me , let alone speak to me . 
 i was just about to stand up when i felt a hand on my shoulder . 
 i twirled on my butt and came face to crotch with christian . 
 my lip curled . 
 `` sorry , '' he said and took a step back . 
 `` i know you do n't want to see me . '' 
 `` you 're right . 
 i do n't . '' 
 `` i just want to talk to you . '' 
 i pursed my lips . 
 yuck . 
 i could n't believe i fell for his lies . 
 i could n't believe i knew what he tasted like . 
 `` i 'm sorry i kissed you , '' he said , standing and looking down at me . 
 that was surprising . 
 i had n't expected him to say that . 
 `` you are ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` you were upset . 
 i sort of took advantage of that . 
 it was n't right . 
 i just really liked you , tessa . 
 i just wanted a chance . '' 
 he meant it . 
 his face was obvious in its admiration . 
 and suddenly , i kind of forgave him . 
 oprah once said that forgiveness was the first step in healing . 
 and even though christian 's actions were heinous and completely out of line , the boy took a chance . 
 there was a time when i would have fought that hard for aiden . 
 i should have fought harder . 
 `` sorry , '' christian mumbled . 
 `` thanks for your apology , '' i said . 
 he met my eyes and grinned , a glimmer of hope sparkling there . 
 `` but . '' 
 i held up a finger at him . 
 `` i still think you 're a jerk , and i 'm still not interested . 
 clear ? '' 
 his smile faltered . 
 `` crystal . '' 
 i sat and he stood , and we looked at each other . 
 the sounds in the gym were relatively quiet . 
 our team was getting the stuffing beat out of them ; that generally cramped school spirit . 
 i could hear kira 's voice shouting chants , but christian took a step toward me . 
 i felt immediate panic as i realized that he was going to embrace me . 
 wait . 
 he wanted a hug ? 
 had he lost his marbles ? 
 a roar rose from the crowd behind him and i looked up into the stands . 
 the fans were cheering and pointing toward the court . 
 i turned slowly , wondering if kira 's cheer had gone terribly wrong . 
 instead , i saw aiden , stalking out of the locker room and crossing center court . 
 my eyebrows pulled together . 
 what was he doing ? 
 why was n't he involved in the coach 's halftime talk ? 
 as he got closer , kira 's voice trailed off as she watched him stomp past the cheer squad . 
 oh . 
 my . 
 word . 
 he was walking toward me . 
 i was still cross-legged on the floor , with my lip-locking mistake hovering over me . 
 aiden 's face was red . 
 holy snapdragon ! 
 the boy looked angry , he looked ... `` damn , '' christian mumbled . 
 i flipped my head back to look at him just as a fist connected with his jaw in a loud thwack . 
 i screamed , my eyes following the length of the tan arm that was attached to aiden 's body . 
 christian stumbled backward , landing in the laps of a stunned front-row fan fest . 
 the crowd erupted in cheers . 
 did they think this was a stunt ? 
 part of the halftime show ? 
 or were they just happy to watch christian get hit ? 
 wait . 
 aiden just punched someone in the face . 
 he totally just hit someone without provocation . 
 i got to my knees , beginning to scramble up to sort out the situation . 
 suddenly , aiden took me by the elbow and pulled me to my feet . 
 `` what - '' `` zip it , tess , '' aiden said as he tugged me toward the locker room . 
 and although i appreciated him defending my honor ... or his , i was not about to be yanked across the court . 
 i pulled my arm out of his grasp and swung to face him . 
 the smitten kittens parted around us , leaving aiden and i sneaker to sneaker in center court . 
 the crowd quieted . 
 i was only mildly aware that we had become the halftime entertainment . 
 `` you ... punched someone back there , '' i said to aiden as he panted in front of me . 
 it was all i could think of to say . 
 `` i know . '' 
 `` um ... you 're supposed to be in the locker room . 
 your team is losing . '' 
 `` i know that too . '' 
 aiden glanced back over to the bleachers , to where christian was holding his jaw , watching us . 
 `` you want to go help your boyfriend ? '' 
 he asked loudly . 
 i narrowed my eyes . 
 `` no . 
 i 'm glad you punched him , '' i said back , motioning my hand to christian . 
 the crowd snickered . 
 the acoustics in here were amazing . 
 i had n't even been projecting . 
 `` really ? '' 
 aiden put his hands on his hips . 
 `` what ? 
 did you two break up or something ? '' 
 `` sick ! 
 i was never with him in the first place . 
 it was a mistake , aiden . 
 he tricked me . 
 he told me you were cheating on me or at least implied it . '' 
 okay , so i jumped to the conclusion on my own , but christian had set the fur ball in motion . 
 aiden seemed to consider this . 
 he stepped closer to me , using the back of his palm to wipe the sweat off his forehead . 
 `` you were n't dating him ? '' 
 i shook my head . 
 `` no . 
 never . '' 
 aiden adjusted the waistband of his basketball shorts as he looked over at the crowd . 
 then he turned back to me . 
 `` you should have told me everything , '' he whispered . 
 `` even about sos . '' 
 `` i wish i had . '' 
 `` i would have told you to stop ... . '' 
 he added with a smirk . 
 `` i would n't have listened . '' 
 `` yeah . 
 i know you would n't have . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` but i 'm sure we would 've worked it out somehow . 
 an arm-wrestling match , maybe . '' 
 i laughed . 
 `` maybe . '' 
 aiden 's grin faded as he watched me . 
 `` you lied to me , tess , '' he said seriously . 
 `` you lied a lot . '' 
 there were murmurings in the audience , and i wondered if they could hear everything , hear how sorry i was . 
 `` i never meant to hurt you . '' 
 and i had n't . 
 i would take it all back in a heartbeat . 
 he nodded , staring at me as i began to chew on my lip . 
 at least he was talking to me . 
 that was progress , and i should have been ecstatic . 
 but i could smell his perspiration , and i felt the tingles that came along with being this close to him . 
 i still wanted him . 
 i belonged with him . 
 but i 'd betrayed him , and i was n't sure i would ever forgive myself for that . 
 i looked over my shoulder into the bleachers . 
 my mother was sitting there with the wildcats sign in her lap and her hand over her mouth . 
 my father leaned forward , his elbows resting on his knees as he watched us . 
 when he saw me notice him , he waved . 
 then i looked to aiden 's mom , almost expecting her to be holding a `` so long , tessa '' sign , but she looked supportively down at us . 
 maybe things had changed . 
 aiden touched my elbow , drawing me to him . 
 `` tessa . '' 
 he paused . 
 `` i forgive you . '' 
 when i looked at him , his beautiful green eyes were glassy . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 my breath came out in jagged gasps . 
 he nodded . 
 `` but ... '' my heart sank . 
 he looked me over . 
 `` i do n't know if we can fix this . 
 i 'm ... hurt , baby . 
 i 'm so hurt . '' 
 i wanted to make it better , rewind time and erase what i 'd done . 
 but all i could do was try to smile . 
 he reached out to hold my cheek . 
 `` you 're always so brave , '' he said adoringly . 
 `` always smiling for me . '' 
 `` because you make me happy , '' i choked out , not wanting him to leave me . 
 aiden sniffled , a tear running down his already-glistening cheek . 
 `` and you 're my little ray of sunshine , '' he whispered . 
 i wanted to plead , but i did n't . 
 because i knew that we needed time to figure things out if we hoped to figure them out at all . 
 this was my chance to find out just who the heck i really was , because i was n't sure anymore . 
 i 'd been a smitten kitten , an sos operative , a perfect daughter , and aiden 's girlfriend . 
 but now i needed to find me . 
 `` you 're right , '' i said finally . 
 `` i think more time apart is a good idea . '' 
 and it broke my heart to say it . 
 aiden closed his eyes , his nostrils flaring as he stood in front of me , breathing and hanging his head . 
 there were a couple of calls from the audience-things like : `` kiss her '' and `` get back to the game . '' 
 it was nice of them to care . 
 aiden and i had been perfect together . 
 or almost perfect . 
 aiden opened his eyes . 
 `` you 're my girl , tessa crimson . 
 you 'll always be my girl . '' 
 he brought me close to him and wrapped me up in his arms , staring down into my face . 
 `` and even if we are n't together , that wo n't change . '' 
 `` we could be the happiest undating couple ever . '' 
 i smiled at him . 
 he laughed . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 someone began a slow clap . 
 i looked over to see my dad standing , slapping his hands together loudly . 
 my mother stood up next to him and joined in . 
 soon the entire gymnasium was cheering for us , applauding the saddest breakup in the history of breakups . 
 and yet i knew it 'd be okay . 
 even apart , aiden and i could still love each other . 
 `` hey . '' 
 aiden leaned close , grinning , looking sideways at the bleachers . 
 `` give me a kiss , '' he whispered . 
 `` you know , for the crowd . '' 
 i 'd kiss him , all right . 
 i 'd kiss him good and plenty . 
 i licked my more-than-eager lips and got up on my tiptoes to press them to his . 
 i was so happy that he 'd touch my mouth again that i balled his jersey up in my hand and pulled him closer to me . 
 aiden and i made out-right there in center court . 
 as the halftime show . 
 the crowd erupted . 
 it was so loud that i had to reach up and cover my ears . 
 aiden chuckled and released me , giving the crowd a double thumbs-up . 
 then he turned back to me . 
 `` you are definitely a sex kitten , '' aiden said , looking me over . 
 i was about to correct him when he held up his finger . 
 `` i mean smitten kitten . '' 
 `` thank you . '' 
 we watched each other amid the screaming fans as both of our smiles began to fade . 
 `` i 'm gon na miss you , baby , '' he whispered . 
 i pressed my lips together to keep from crying and ruining the moment . 
 `` not as much as i 'll miss you , wildcat . '' 
 just then , the locker room door swung open and clanged loudly against the cement wall of the gymnasium . 
 coach taylor came storming out . 
 my heart sped up . 
 something told me that he might be a little po 'd at aiden . 
 when he got to us , he crossed his stocky arms across his chest and glared . 
 `` what 's up , coach ? '' 
 aiden asked . 
 he was still staring at me , looking nostalgic . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 coach taylor looked ready to pounce . 
 `` oh , i do n't know , son . 
 how about the fact that you walked out on my speech , attacked another student , and are making a spectacle in center court during halftime ? 
 is that enough up ? '' 
 aiden chuckled . 
 `` am i suspended , then ? '' 
 i darted a nervous glance between them . 
 `` no , '' coach taylor said , looking into the bleachers . 
 `` luckily for you the ducks are winning . 
 they 're so high off their own fumes , they did n't hear a thing from the locker room . 
 the principal was calling for your removal , but i talked him into suspending you from school starting tomorrow , '' he said gruffly , pulling up on and adjusting the waistband on his khakis . 
 `` you think i 'm gon na let my star player get kicked out of the finals ? '' 
 glad his priorities were in order . 
 the playoffs came first . 
 `` tessa ? '' 
 coach taylor asked , and looked at me . 
 `` do you mind if aiden fulfills his commitment to his team ? '' 
 he was being sarcastic . 
 `` no , sir . '' 
 aiden reached over to touch my fingers . 
 `` go cheer for me , baby , '' he said , leaning quickly to kiss my cheek . 
 then he walked over to slap his coach on the back . 
 `` well , then , let 's go ! '' 
 he said wide-eyed , like coach taylor was the one slowing them up . 
 coach taylor exhaled as if he 'd been worried that aiden was a lost cause . 
 he followed my ex-boyfriend as they jogged toward the lockers . 
 aiden turned back once to wave at me , and i giggled . 
 he was so dang cute . 
 kira stared at me as i approached the sidelines . 
 her face was unreadable . 
 i paused in front of her , reaching down to pick up my pom-poms . 
 the rest of the girls were cheering from the line , but kira watched me . 
 i looked behind us at the crowd , happy to see that christian was gone . 
 my father winked at me from behind his glasses . 
 he was purely peachy . 
 `` so , '' kira said , slapping my hip with her pom-pom . 
 `` what was up with the make-out session ? 
 you two still broken up and shit ? '' 
 `` kira . 
 language . '' 
 she beamed . 
 `` welcome back , tess . 
 the smitten kittens have missed the snot out of you . '' 
 clever girl . 
 she 'd been testing me . 
 i wrapped my pom-pomed hands around her and gave her a hug . 
 she was a great friend and-for the rest of the season-captain . 
 even though the season ended tonight . 
 `` all right , '' i announced as i pulled back . 
 `` let 's win this game with our school spirit . '' 
 she jumped up and down . 
 the rest of the girls keyed into our enthusiasm , and the squad was in full effect . 
 even leona was smiling . 
 twenty minutes and fifteen cheers later , the wildcats lost by three points . 
 it was disappointing , but i was pretty sure that aiden and i were both still in good moods . 
 as his coach shook his head on the sideline , aiden kept looking over at me and waving . 
 he was whipped cream , even if he did n't belong to me anymore . 
 i 'd take some time , reevaluate my goals . 
 maybe think up some new cheers . 
 and then , who knew what would happen . 
 there would always be time for aiden . 
 after all , kittens had nine lives . 
 sos under new management dear clients , i 'm happy to announce the reforming of sos . 
 due to a change in leadership , services were temporarily put on hold . 
 but now we 're back and totally badass . 
 if your boyfriend is acting suspicious , text a cheater request form to our new number at 555-1863 but be specific . 
 for us to catch him in the act , we 'll need to know exactly who he 's doing . 
 again , we 're psyched to help out the girls of washington high in their quest for a decent boyfriend . 
 we 're currently updating our naughty list roster , so text with any important information . 
 there is now a fee schedule for our services , but for the grand reopening , we 'll offer a 50 percent discount to the first ten clients . 
 we 're back . 
 and we 're going to kick cheating ass . 
