 part i uncomfortably numb chapter one the air in the room tastes sterile . 
 the lingering scent of bleach is mixing with the fresh white paint on the walls , and i wish my teacher would open the window to let in a breeze . 
 but we 're on the third floor so the pane is sealed shut-just in case anyone gets the urge to jump . 
 i 'm still staring at the paper on my desk when kendra phillips turns around in her seat , looking me over with her purple contacts . 
 `` you 're not done yet ? '' 
 i glance past her to make sure mrs. portman is distracted at the front of the room , and then i smile . 
 `` it 's far too early in the morning to properly psychoanalyze myself , '' i whisper . 
 `` i 'd almost rather learn about science . '' 
 `` maybe a coffee spiked with quikdeath would help you focus on the pain . '' 
 my expression falters ; just the mention of the poison enough to send my heart racing . 
 i hold kendra 's empty stare-a deadness behind it that even purple contacts ca n't disguise . 
 her eyes are ringed with heavy circles from lack of sleep , and her face has thinned sharply . 
 she 's exactly the kind of person who can get me in trouble , and yet i ca n't look away . 
 i 've known kendra for years , but we 're not really friends , especially now . 
 not when she 's been acting depressed for close to a month . 
 i try to avoid her , but today there 's something desperate about her that i ca n't ignore . 
 something about the way her body seems to tremble even though she 's sitting still . 
 `` god , do n't look so serious , '' she says , lifting one bony shoulder . 
 `` i 'm just kidding , sloane . 
 oh , and hey , '' she adds as if just remembering the real reason she turned to me in the first place . 
 `` guess who i saw last night at the wellness center ? 
 lacey klamath . '' 
 she leans forward as she tells me , but i 'm struck silent . 
 i had no idea that lacey was back . 
 just then the door opens with a loud click . 
 i glance toward the front of the classroom and freeze , my breath catching in my throat . 
 the day has just become significantly worse . 
 two handlers with crisp white jackets and comb-smoothed hair stand in the doorway , their expressionless faces traveling over us as they seek someone out . 
 when they start forward , i begin to wilt . 
 kendra spins around in her seat , her back rigid and straight . 
 `` not me , '' she murmurs , her hands clasped tightly in front of her like she 's praying . 
 `` please , not me . '' 
 from her podium , mrs. portman begins her lesson as if there 's no interruption . 
 as if people in white coats should be waltzing in during her speech on the kinetic theory of matter . 
 it 's the second time the handlers have interrupted class this week . 
 the men separate to opposite sides of the classroom , their shoes tapping on the linoleum floor as they come closer . 
 i look away , opting to watch the leaves fall from the trees outside the window instead . 
 it 's october , but the summer has bled into fall , bathing us all in unexpected oregon sunshine . 
 i wish i could be anywhere else right now . 
 the footsteps stop , but i do n't acknowledge them . 
 i can smell the handlers near me-antiseptic , like rubbing alcohol and band-aids . 
 i do n't dare move . 
 `` kendra phillips , '' a voice says gently . 
 `` can you please come with us ? '' 
 i hold back the sound that 's trying to escape from behind my lips , a combination of relief and sympathy . 
 i refuse to look at kendra , terrified that the handlers will notice me . 
 please do n't notice me . 
 `` no , '' kendra says to them , her voice choked off . 
 `` i 'm not sick . '' 
 `` ms. phillips , '' the voice says again , and this time i have to look . 
 the dark-haired handler leans to take kendra by the elbow , guiding her from the chair . 
 kendra immediately lashes out , yanking her arm from his grasp as she tries to clamor over her desk . 
 both men descend on her as kendra thrashes and screams . 
 she 's barely five feet , but she 's fighting hard-harder than the others . 
 i feel the tension rolling off the rest of the class , all of us hoping for a quick resolution . 
 hoping that we 'll make it another day without getting flagged . 
 `` i 'm not sick ! '' 
 kendra yells , breaking from their hold once again . 
 mrs. portman finally stops her lesson as she looks on with a pained expression . 
 the calm she tries to exude is fraying at the edges . 
 next to me a girl starts crying and i want to tell her to shut up , but i do n't want to attract attention . 
 she 'll have to fend for herself . 
 the dark-haired handler wraps his arms around kendra 's waist , lifting her off the floor as she kicks her legs out . 
 a string of obscenities tears from her mouth as saliva leaks from the corners . 
 her face is red and wild , and all at once i think she 's sicker than we ever imagined . 
 that the real kendra is no longer in there , and maybe has n't been since her sister died . 
 my eyes well up at the thought , but i push it down . 
 down deep where i can keep all my feelings until later when there 's no one watching me . 
 the handler puts his palm over kendra 's mouth , muffling her sounds as he whispers soothing things into her ear , continuing to work her bucking body toward the door . 
 the other handler dashes ahead to hold it open . 
 just then the man holding kendra screams out and drops her , shaking his hand as if she bit him . 
 kendra jumps up to run and the handler lunges for her , his closed fist connecting with her face . 
 the shot sends her into mrs. portman 's podium before knocking her to the ground . 
 the teacher gasps as kendra flops in front of her , but mrs. portman only backs away . 
 kendra 's top lip is split wide open and leaking blood all over her gray sweater and the white floor . 
 she barely has time to process what happened when the handler grabs her by the ankle and begins to drag her-caveman style-toward the exit . 
 kendra screams and begs . 
 she tries to hold on to anything within her reach , but instead she 's leaving a trail of blood along the floor . 
 when they finally get to the doorway , she raises her purple eyes in my direction , reaching out a reddened hand to me . 
 `` sloane ! '' 
 she screams . 
 and i stop breathing . 
 the handler pauses , glancing over his shoulder at me . 
 i 've never seen him here before today , but something about the way he 's watching me now makes my skin crawl , and i look down . 
 i do n't lift my head again until i hear the door shut . 
 kendra 's shouts are promptly cut off in the hallway , and i wonder momentarily if she was tasered or injected with a sedative . 
 either way , i 'm glad it 's over . 
 around the room , there are several sniffles , but it 's mostly silent . 
 blood still covers the front of the room in streaks of crimson . 
 `` sloane ? '' 
 the teacher asks , startling me . 
 `` i have n't gotten your daily assessment yet . '' 
 mrs. portman starts toward the closet where she keeps the bucket and mop , and other than the high lilt of her voice , she has no noticeable reaction to kendra being dragged from our class . 
 i swallow hard and apologize , moving to take my pencil from my backpack . 
 as my teacher sloshes the bleach on the floor , choking us with the smell once again , i begin to shade in the appropriate ovals . 
 in the past day have you felt lonely or overwhelmed ? 
 i stare down at the bright white paper , the same one that waits at our desk every morning . 
 i want to crumple it into a ball and throw it across the room , scream for people to acknowledge what just happened to kendra . 
 instead i take a deep breath and answer . 
 no . 
 this is n't true-we all feel lonely and overwhelmed . 
 sometimes i 'm not sure there 's another way to feel . 
 but i know the routine . 
 i know what a wrong answer can do . 
 next question . 
 i fill in the rest of the ovals , pausing when i get to the last one , just like i do every time . 
 has anyone close to you ever committed suicide ? 
 yes . 
 marking that answer day after day nearly destroys me . 
 but it 's the one question where i have to tell the truth . 
 because they already know the answer . 
 after signing my name at the bottom , i grab my paper with a shaky hand and walk up to mrs. portman 's desk , standing in the wet area where kendra 's blood used to be . 
 i try not to look down as i wait for my teacher to put away the cleaning products . 
 `` sorry , '' i tell her again when she comes to take the sheet from me . 
 i notice a small smudge of blood on her pale pink shirtsleeve , but do n't mention it . 
 she looks over my answers , and then nods , filing the paper in the attendance folder . 
 i hurry back to my seat , listening to the tense silence . 
 i wait for the sound of the door , the approaching footsteps . 
 but after a long minute , my teacher clears her throat and goes back to her lesson on friction . 
 relieved , i close my eyes . 
 teen suicide was declared a national epidemic-killing one in three teens-nearly four years ago . 
 it always existed before that , but seemingly overnight handfuls of my peers were jumping off buildings , slitting their wrists-most without any known reason . 
 strangely enough , the rate of incidence among adults stayed about the same , adding to the mystery . 
 when the deaths first started increasing , there were all sorts of rumors . 
 from defective childhood vaccines to pesticides in our food-people grasped for any excuse . 
 the leading view says that the oversupply of antidepressants changed the chemical makeup of our generation , making us more susceptible to depression . 
 i do n't know what i believe anymore , and really , i try not to think about it . 
 but the psychologists say that suicide is a behavioral contagion . 
 it 's the old adage `` if all your friends jumped off a bridge , would you , too ? '' 
 apparently the answer is yes . 
 to fight the outbreak , our school district implemented the pilot run of the program-a new philosophy in prevention . 
 among the five schools , students are monitored for changes in mood or behavior , flagged if a threat is determined . 
 anyone exhibiting suicidal tendencies is no longer referred to a psychologist . 
 instead , the handlers are called . 
 and then they come and take you . 
 kendra phillips will be gone for at least six weeks-six weeks spent in a facility where the program will mess with her mind , take her memories . 
 she 'll be force-fed pills and therapy until she does n't even know who she is anymore . 
 after that they 'll ship her off to a small private school until graduation . 
 a school designated for other returners , other empty souls . 
 like lacey . 
 my phone vibrates in my pocket and i let out a held breath . 
 i do n't have to check to know what it means-james wants to meet . 
 it 's the push i need to get through the rest of the period , the fact that he 's waiting for me . 
 the fact that he 's always waiting for me . 
 as we file out of the classroom forty minutes later , i notice the dark-haired handler in the hallway , watching us . 
 he seems to take extra time on me , but i try hard not to notice . 
 instead i keep my head down and walk quickly toward the gymnasium to find james . 
 i check over my shoulder to make sure no one is following me before turning down the stark white corridor with the metal double doors . 
 it 's nearly impossible to trust anyone not to report you for suspicious behavior . 
 not even our parents-especially not our parents . 
 it was lacey 's father who called the program to tell them that she was unwell . 
 so now james , miller , and i do everything we can to keep up the front at home . 
 smiles and small talk equal well-balanced and healthy . 
 i would n't dare show my parents anything else . 
 not now . 
 but once i turn eighteen , the program loses its hold on me . 
 i wo n't be a minor so they can no longer force me into treatment . 
 although my risk does n't technically lower , the program is bound to the laws of the land . 
 i 'll be an adult , and as an adult it 's my god-given right to off myself if i so please . 
 unless the epidemic gets worse . 
 then who knows what they 'll do . 
 when i get to the gymnasium doors , i push on the cold metal bar and slip inside . 
 it 's been years since this part of the building was used . 
 the program cut athletics immediately after taking over , claiming it added too much competitive stress to our fragile student population . 
 now this space is used for storage-unused desks piled in the corner , stacks of unneeded textbooks . 
 `` anyone see you ? '' 
 i jump and look at james as he stands in the cramped space underneath the folded bleachers . 
 our space . 
 the emotionless armor i 've been wearing weakens . 
 `` no , '' i whisper . 
 james holds out his hand to me and i meet him in the shadows , pressing myself close to him . 
 `` it 's not a good day , '' i murmur against his mouth . 
 `` it rarely is . '' 
 james and i have been together for over two years-since i was fifteen . 
 but i 've known him my entire life . 
 he 'd been best friends with my brother , brady , before he killed himself . 
 i choke on the memory , like i 'm drowning in it . 
 i pull from james and bang the back of my head on the corner of the wooden bleacher above us . 
 wincing , i touch my scalp , but do n't cry . 
 i would n't dare cry at school . 
 `` let me see , '' james says , reaching to rub his fingers over the spot . 
 `` you were probably protected by all this hair . '' 
 he grins and lets his hand glide into my dark curls , resting it protectively on the back of my neck . 
 when i do n't return his smile , he pulls me closer . 
 `` come here , '' he whispers , sounding exhausted as he puts his arms around me . 
 i hug him , letting the images of brady fade from my head , along with the picture of lacey being dragged from her house by handlers . 
 i slide my hand under the sleeve of james 's t-shirt and onto his bicep where his tattoos are . 
 the program makes us anonymous , strips us of our right to mourn-because if we do , we can get flagged for appearing depressed . 
 so james has found another way . 
 on his right arm he 's keeping a list in permanent ink of those we 've lost . 
 starting with brady . 
 `` i 'm having bad thoughts , '' i tell him . 
 `` then stop thinking , '' he says simply . 
 `` they took kendra last period . 
 it was horrible . 
 and lacey - '' `` stop thinking , '' james says again , a little more forcefully . 
 i look up at him , the heaviness still in my chest as i meet his eyes . 
 it 's hard to tell in the shadows , but james 's eyes are light blue , the sort of crystal blue that can make anyone stop with just a glance . 
 he 's stunning that way . 
 `` kiss me instead , '' he murmurs . 
 i lean forward to press my lips to his , letting him have me in a way that only he can . 
 a moment filled with sadness and hope . 
 a bond of secrets and promises of forever . 
 it 's been two years since my brother died . 
 practically overnight , our lives were changed . 
 we do n't know why brady killed himself , why he abandoned us . 
 but then again , no one knows what 's causing the epidemic-not even the program . 
 above us the bell for class rings , but neither james nor i react . 
 instead james 's tongue touches mine and he pulls me closer , deepening our kiss . 
 although dating is allowed , we try to keep our relationship low-key at school , at least when we can . 
 the program claims that forming healthy bonds keeps us emotionally strong , but then again , if it all goes horribly wrong , they can just make us forget . 
 the program can erase anything . 
 `` i swiped my dad 's car keys , '' james whispers between my lips . 
 `` what do you say we go skinny-dipping in the river after school ? '' 
 `` how about you get naked and i 'll just watch ? '' 
 `` works for me . '' 
 i laugh , and james gives me one more squeeze before taking his arms from around me . 
 he pretends to fix my hair , really just messing it up more . 
 `` better get to class , '' he says finally . 
 `` and tell miller he 's invited to watch me swim naked too . '' 
 i back away , first kissing my fingers and then holding them up in a wave . 
 james smiles . 
 he always knows what to say to me . 
 how to make me feel normal . 
 i 'm pretty sure i would n't have survived brady 's death without him . 
 if fact , i know i would n't have . 
 after all , suicide is contagious . 
 chapter two when i walk into economics , i tell my teacher that therapy ran late , taking out one of the fake passes that me , james , and miller made weeks ago . 
 since the program started monitoring our school , i 've found that my boyfriend is not only a talented liar but also a master of forgery . 
 a handy skill to have as of late . 
 mr. rocco only glances at the pass before motioning me toward the back . 
 it 's the fifth time i 've been late this month , but luckily no one ever questions me . 
 i 've learned how to appear well . 
 and in their eyes , talking to a professional is a sign that i 'm trying to stay healthy . 
 `` hey , gorgeous , '' miller says when i sit down . 
 `` you and james have a good therapy session ? '' 
 he 's sitting in the desk next to mine , staring into his lap as the teacher turns to write on the dry-erase board . 
 miller and i have been friends since the beginning of last year , sharing most of our classes together . 
 he 's tall and wide , and i imagine if our high school had a football team , he 'd be their star athlete . 
 `` yep , '' i respond . 
 `` think we really had a breakthrough this time . '' 
 `` i bet . '' 
 he smiles but does n't look over . 
 instead he continues to doodle in a notepad that he 's got stashed under the desk . 
 my heart thuds in my chest at what i have to say next . 
 `` lacey 's back , '' i say quietly . 
 miller scratches his pen harder into the paper . 
 `` where 'd you hear that ? '' 
 i try not to react as the color drains from his face . 
 `` kendra phillips told me before they came and ... '' i lower my voice . 
 `` took her . '' 
 miller finally looks sideways at me , obviously hearing about kendra for the first time . 
 his brown eyes narrow , maybe deciding if he truly believes that lacey could be home . 
 but then he just nods and goes back to his notepad . 
 never saying a word . 
 his silence nearly breaks me , and i spread my fingers out on the cool desktop , trying to keep my emotions in check . 
 i stare down at my fingers , at the plastic heart-shaped ring there . 
 james had given it to me the first time he kissed me-a few months before my brother died . 
 lacey and miller always joked that this ring was the closest i 'd ever come to getting a real diamond from him . 
 then james would laugh , saying that he knew what i really wanted and it did n't sparkle . 
 it was a different time then-a time when we all thought we 'd make it . 
 i close my eyes to keep from crying . 
 `` i think ... '' miller pauses , like he 's not sure he wants to say it . 
 when i turn to him he bites on his lip . 
 `` i think i 'm going to go to sumpter to see her . '' 
 `` miller - '' i start , but he waves me away . 
 `` i have to know if she remembers me , sloane . 
 i wo n't be able to think of anything else until i know . '' 
 i watch him for a long moment , see the pain behind his eyes . 
 there 's nothing i can say that will change his mind . 
 not when he loves her so much . 
 `` be careful '' is all i can utter . 
 `` i will . '' 
 my fear is strong enough to choke me . 
 i worry that miller will get caught at the alternative school and be flagged in the process . 
 we 're expected to keep our distance from the returners unless the time is monitored at the wellness center , at least for a while . 
 if we 're caught interfering with their recovery , we can get flagged or even arrested . 
 and none of us wants to be sent away to become comfortably numb . 
 miller is quiet through the rest of class , but when the bell rings , he gives me a nod . 
 it might be dangerous for him to approach lacey at this point , but if she was herself she 'd want him to try . 
 `` see you at lunch , '' he says , touching my shoulder before walking toward the door . 
 `` see you then , '' i respond , and quickly pull out my phone . 
 i text james . 
 miller 's got a stupid plan . 
 i wait , still in my seat as the classroom filters out around me . 
 when a message pops up on the screen , i feel my chest tighten . 
 so do i. please do n't , i type . 
 i 'm terrified that my boyfriend and my best friend will get flagged , and i 'll be left all alone in this barren place . 
 this barren world . 
 but all i get back is : i love you , sloane . 
 james and i watch as miller waits in the lunch line , his movements slow and lethargic . 
 he has n't been the same since i told him about lacey , and i hate myself for it . 
 i should have let james break the news . 
 at the start of lunch , james and miller decide that after classes we 'll go to sumpter high-the school for returners-and wait for lacey to walk out . 
 there 's no way miller would get more than a few words in at the wellness center , not when handlers will be guarding lacey for three more weeks . 
 miller is hoping that , in the parking lot of sumpter -lrb- with the proper diversion -rrb- , he can get lacey alone long enough to remind her of who he is . 
 he thinks he can get her back . 
 james is next to me with his head on his folded arms as they rest on the lunch table . 
 he 's trying to look casual , but his eyes are trained on miller . 
 `` at sumpter , you and i are going to create a distraction , '' james says in my direction . 
 `` and if it does n't work ? '' 
 his mouth turns up , his eyes flicking from the line to mine . 
 `` i can be distracting , do n't you think ? '' 
 `` james , i miss her too . 
 but i do n't want anything to - '' he reaches out his hand to clasp mine . 
 `` i know the risk , but what if she 's still in there somehow ? 
 miller has to try , sloane . 
 i would do it for you . '' 
 `` and i would for you , '' i answer automatically . 
 but james 's face clouds over . 
 `` do n't say that , '' he snaps . 
 `` do n't even think it . '' 
 he lets go of my hand . 
 `` i 'll kill myself before they ever take me into the program . '' 
 tears burn my eyes because i know it 's not an idle threat . 
 it 's a real possibility . 
 james does n't try to console me this time , there 's no point . 
 he ca n't promise me he wo n't kill himself . 
 no one can . 
 six weeks ago , after they took lacey , i had to fight hard to keep from slipping into the depression that seems to be always waiting . 
 the depression that tells me i 'll never make it . 
 that it 'd be easier to just let go . 
 james convinced me and miller that lacey was gone forever , as if she was dead , and told us to mourn-privately . 
 but now she 's back and i 'm not sure how to feel anymore . 
 james does n't speak again until miller drops down in the seat , the food on his tray jumping as he does . 
 the room around us buzzes , but it 's quieter than usual . 
 word of kendra 's transfer has put everyone on edge . 
 i notice the dark-haired handler standing by the exit door , not trying to disguise how he 's watching me . 
 i lower my eyes to my half-eaten hamburger . 
 kendra called to me as she was being dragged out . 
 she made him notice me . 
 i ca n't tell james . 
 just then james rests his chin on my shoulder as his fingers touch mine . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he murmurs . 
 `` i 'm a dick , and i 'm sorry . '' 
 i look sideways at him , his blond hair curling at the ends near his neck , his blue eyes wide as he stares at me . 
 `` i do n't want anything to happen to you , '' i say quietly , hoping miller wo n't hear me and think of lacey . 
 james moves to put his arms around my waist to turn me toward him before pressing his forehead to mine , ignoring the fact that everyone can see us . 
 his breath is warm across my lips . 
 `` i do n't want anything to happen to me either . 
 but i 'll keep us safe . '' 
 i close my eyes , letting the heat of his body compensate for the cold fear in my chest . 
 `` promise ? '' 
 it takes him so long to answer that i give up and let in the dark thoughts once again . 
 the idea that james can be ripped from me at any moment , or that i can get sent away to be changed forever . 
 but suddenly james buries his face in my hair as he hugs me to him . 
 i stop worrying about the people around us , or even about miller . 
 i need to hear it . 
 james knows i need to hear it . 
 so then to my absolute relief his mouth is next to my ear and he whispers , `` i promise . '' 
 sumpter high looms in front of us , looking more like a hospital that an educational facility . 
 the stone facade is washed in white and the large rectangular windows are most certainly sealed . 
 there 's a circular drop-off area near the front , but miller and i are sitting in the cab of his truck in the back parking lot , staring ahead in silence . 
 james plans to meet us here after he puts in an appearance at his last class , but miller and i had study hall , so we took off early with one of the fake passes . 
 there are only ten more minutes until sumpter lets out , and the anxiety at seeing lacey again is growing , both in me and in miller . 
 i turn to look sideways at him . 
 miller 's hat is pulled low , shading his eyes . 
 even though the ignition is off , his knuckles are white as they wrap around the steering wheel . 
 all at once i 'm scared of what he 'll do and how he 'll keep it under control . 
 we should n't be here . 
 `` is there even a real plan ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` james would n't tell me anything . '' 
 miller does n't seem to hear me as he gazes out the windshield . 
 `` did you know that lacey was a natural blond ? '' 
 he asks , sounding far away . 
 `` she always had that red dye in her hair and i figured it was brown underneath , but it was n't . 
 i saw it in an old picture of her once . 
 i 'm a jerk for not knowing , right ? 
 i should have known . '' 
 i 've been friends with lacey since elementary school , so i can remember when she had yellow pigtails . 
 it 's such a small thing for miller to feel bad about , but i can tell that he does . 
 as if knowing this detail could have saved her from the program . 
 `` she loved you , '' i whisper , even though it 's almost cruel to say now . 
 `` it was all real . '' 
 miller smiles to himself , but it 's pained . 
 `` if you ca n't remember , it did n't happen . 
 and since she wo n't ... '' he trails off , staring once again at the large building . 
 i think about the lacey we knew before she was taken . 
 her bright , bloodred hair and black , tight dresses . 
 she was a force of nature . 
 she was a presence . 
 leading up to the program she 'd been acting differently , and yet , none of us said anything about it-maybe hoping it would go away . 
 we all failed her . 
 the handlers had been waiting at lacey 's house the night they came to take her to the program . 
 we were dropping her off , and i can still remember james joking about the unfamiliar car in her driveway , saying that it was pretty late for her parents to have friends over-maybe they were swingers . 
 lacey smiled but did n't laugh . 
 i just thought she was tired . 
 i should have asked if she was okay . 
 but i did n't . 
 she gave miller a quick kiss and climbed out , walking to her house . 
 she 'd barely gotten inside when we heard her scream . 
 we all rushed to get out of the car , when her front door opened . 
 it 's a sight i 'll never get out of my head . 
 on either side of her were the men in white coats holding her as she thrashed around , screaming that she 'd kill them . 
 she managed to get loose and tried crawling back into the house , calling for her mother as the handlers dragged her out . 
 tears streaked mascara down her cheeks , and she begged for them to let her go . 
 miller started toward the house , but james grabbed him , wrapping his arm around his neck to hold him . 
 `` it 's too late , '' james whispered . 
 i looked back at him fiercely then , but i saw the devastation on his face . 
 the fear . 
 james met my eyes only to tell me to get in the car . 
 james pushed miller and me into the backseat and then got behind the wheel , pulling away quickly . 
 miller was clutching my shirt , ripping it at the collar as we drove past . 
 and the last thing we saw was lacey getting tasered by a handler , flopping to the floor like a dying fish . 
 i reach now for miller , trying to pry his fingers off the steering wheel . 
 when i finally do , he turns to me . 
 `` do you think there 's a chance , sloane ? '' 
 he asks almost desperately . 
 `` do you think there 's any chance she remembers me ? '' 
 the question chokes me , and i press my lips together to keep myself from crying . 
 there is no chance-the program is thorough . 
 the program works . 
 but i ca n't bear to tell him that , so i shrug . 
 `` you never know , '' i say , fighting the feeling of loss . 
 `` and if not , you can always reintroduce yourself when her aftercare is over . 
 start again . '' 
 once she 's healed , lacey 's allowed to carry on with her life without interference-at least that 's what the program brochures have told us . 
 but i 've never seen a returner go back to their old life . 
 or even want to . 
 whole sections of their lives have been erased ; past relationships mean nothing to them . 
 in fact , i think the past might even scare them . 
 miller sneers at the thought of this new lacey , the hollowed-out one . 
 he wants her to remember him , what they built together . 
 both miller and james think the program is a fate worse than death . 
 lacey had thought the same . 
 the reason her own parents turned her in was that they found a bottle of quikdeath in her room . 
 she 'd been planning to kill herself and had bought the drug from some burnout after school . 
 miller hated himself for not knowing . 
 james and i often wondered if he would have killed himself with her . 
 when lacey was sent away , miller broke into her bedroom because he knew he 'd be erased from her life-that we all would be . 
 but when he got there , her pictures were gone , and so was her clothing and personal items . 
 the program had wiped the space clean . 
 all miller had was a notepad that lacey had left behind in his truck . 
 he kept it , hoping it held some small piece of her . 
 we sat by the river one afternoon and looked through lacey 's handwriting , laughing where she drew pictures of our teachers in the margins . 
 but soon , the notepad changed . 
 the math problems dissolved into black spirals scratched into the paper with pen . 
 her mind was infected , and it was apparent through the pages how quickly the depression had taken hold . 
 it 'd only been about two weeks . 
 i hate the program and what it does to us , but i also know that i do n't want to die . 
 i do n't want any of us to . 
 despite everything , our school district has the highest survival rate in the country . 
 so in some sick and twisted way ... i guess the program works . 
 even if the result is a life half lived . 
 james pulls up beside my window in his father 's beat-up honda . 
 he smiles when he sees me , but it 's too wide , too normal . 
 he nods at miller . 
 `` your boyfriend looks worried , '' miller mumbles as we watch james pull ahead to park . 
 `` that 's never a good sign . 
 james never worries about anything . '' 
 i do n't answer because i know it 's not true . 
 but i 'm the only one who gets to see that side of james . 
 otherwise he 's our rock . 
 our steady . 
 miller opens the door and climbs out , leaving me sitting for a moment in the warming sun that 's filtering through the windshield . 
 outside , a bell rings , signaling the end of the returners ' day , and i swallow hard . 
 i open the passenger door and walk toward where james and miller are talking , and i glance over my shoulder at the school as a few students and handlers begin making their way to the parking lot . 
 sumpter is small , with about two hundred students altogether . 
 but that number grows every week , with five schools filtering kids through the program . 
 and since doctors claim a fresh returner 's brain is like swiss cheese , with holes where memories used to be , patients need continued aftercare in a safe environment . 
 now returners stay here until graduation , which makes me doubt their `` life without interference '' claim . 
 back when the treatments first started , returners were sent into the general population to start over . 
 but after they started having meltdowns-like total brain-function-drooling-on-themselves meltdowns from the overstimulation-they opened sumpter and assigned them a temporary babysitter with a white coat and a taser . 
 even so , handlers are n't the only thing to fear . 
 fresh returners are a threat in themselves . 
 in their confusion , they might inadvertently turn you in for harassing them , getting you sent away . 
 so no one goes near them . 
 at least , not until now . 
 the minute i reach the guys , james smiles at me reassuringly . 
 it 's time . 
 miller lowers his baseball cap and puts his phone to his ear as he wanders away , pretending to talk . 
 my heart pounds in my chest as people walk past us . 
 i used to know some of them . 
 other than at sumpter , returners are n't seen around town much . 
 our community opened a wellness center a few months ago in order to create a `` safe environment '' for returners and normals to interact . 
 it 's the program 's belief that assimilation is the key to a full recovery-only it has to be on their terms , like watching us closely at a rec center that 's really just an extension of treatment . 
 but while all students in the district are forced to complete three credit hours a semester there , most of the returners want to go . 
 obviously they do n't know any better . 
 james forges passes and skips the wellness center , calling it all program propaganda-a science fair with returners as the main exhibit . 
 really , i think the wellness center was set up to prove that returners are n't freaks . 
 that they can blend with society post-treatment . 
 but no amount of commercials showing kids with smiling faces playing foosball is going to ease our fears . 
 i have n't completed any of my wellness credits for this semester yet , but from what i 've heard , returners go to the center with their handlers . 
 that alone highlights how different they are . 
 they 've been reset-both emotionally and socially . 
 james must sense my anxiety because his fingers find mine and intertwine for a second before he lets me go . 
 `` whatever happens , '' he says , `` just play along . '' 
 `` not reassuring . '' 
 `` we 're going to pretend to be on a field trip . '' 
 i raise my eyes to his . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` well , i 'd let you slap me in a jealous rage to get attention , but that sort of hostile behavior is frowned upon . '' 
 `` james , i still do n't - '' `` what are you two doing here ? '' 
 a deep voice cuts in . 
 i jump , but james is collected as he turns sideways to the handler glaring at us . 
 several returners stop , noticing us . 
 their eyes are wide and curious-innocent expressions that makes me feel sorry for them . 
 dana sanders stands in the background , not remembering that she dated my brother for over a year . 
 i keep my mouth shut and let james do the talking . 
 `` school project , '' he says smoothly , reaching into his pocket . 
 `` dr. ryerson said that we could monitor the parking lot to see how well-adjusted the returners are . 
 he 's really proud of the strides the program has made in behavior modification . '' 
 james takes out a paper , signed by `` dr. ryerson , '' who i 'm sure not only does n't exist , but is also untraceable . 
 the handler looks over the note as my pulse continues to pound in my ears . 
 behind the guy 's shoulder i finally see her , and every one of my muscles tenses . 
 lacey klamath-my best friend other than james and miller-is walking across the parking lot with textbooks pressed to her chest . 
 her hair is now pale blond and tied up in a high ponytail . 
 she wears jeans and ballet flats with a short-sleeved cardigan buttoned at the waist . 
 she looks so completely different that i 'm ready to scream . 
 that 's ... that 's not my friend . 
 `` we only need a few minutes , '' james says . 
 `` maybe a few interviews ? '' 
 i feel a touch on my arm and swing my gaze to james as he smiles at me , as if i 'm part of this conversation . 
 `` so , '' he continues to the handler , `` do you mind if we hang around for a bit ? '' 
 james sounds like the most stable person in the world , but his fingernails are digging into the underside of my arm , and i know he 's seen lacey too . 
 `` no , '' the handler says , shaking his head . 
 `` you can speak with them at the wellness center . 
 this is a private school , and any official statements should come from - '' i glance past him again and see miller . 
 he 's walking directly toward lacey , and when he stops in front of her , i hold my breath . 
 her head snaps up as he says something . 
 `` i 'm going to have to ask you to leave , '' the handler says to james and me . 
 `` now . '' 
 he then takes out his radio , and calls in a code i do n't understand . 
 `` what if we do n't talk to them ? '' 
 i ask quickly , trying to buy us another minute . 
 a second handler crosses the lot , and i 'm afraid he 's going for lacey and miller , but instead he notices us and changes direction . 
 we 're out of place here , and i think suddenly that this risk is too big . 
 `` no , '' the handler says . 
 `` and i 'm not going to ask you to leave again . '' 
 fear spikes through me because i do n't know what to do next . 
 just then miller pushes through the crowd , his face downturned . 
 `` let 's go , '' he says to me and james as he continues his path toward his truck . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 the handler calls , pointing toward miller 's back . 
 `` he 's our ride , '' james says , and takes my hand . 
 `` well , thanks for your help . '' 
 he backs us away , nodding to the handlers . 
 we turn , our steps fast but not too fast . 
 when we 're almost to the truck , james tilts his head toward mine . 
 `` do n't look back at them , '' he says . 
 `` never look back . '' 
 miller 's waiting at his truck , his hat pulled low to protect his face . 
 he does n't want to be recognized as lacey 's ex-boyfriend . 
 we 're not sure if the handlers guarding the returners are privy to that sort of information , and it 's best not to take the chance . 
 i hope they do n't know who we are . 
 the parking lot starts to empty , and the handler that was talking to us is gone , but i see the other one with lacey . 
 he holds the door as she climbs into the passenger seat of a car , then he slams it shut and eyes us suspiciously as he walks around . 
 behind the window , lacey 's eyes find us , staring blankly . 
 the handler asks her something when he gets in the car , and she pauses for a minute before shaking her head . 
 i look away then , feeling broken . 
 lacey does n't know us . 
 not even me . 
 none of us speak as her car pulls away , the new lacey leaving us behind on the asphalt . 
 when she 's gone , miller leans against the hood of his truck with an unreadable expression . 
 `` well ? '' 
 james asks . 
 miller lifts his head , his brown eyes glassy . 
 `` nothing , '' he answers . 
 `` she remembers absolutely nothing . '' 
 james swallows hard . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he says . 
 `` i thought that maybe - '' miller exhales . 
 `` you know what , man , i really do n't want to talk about it right now . '' 
 james nods as they stand there impassively , but i ca n't take the quiet and step between them . 
 i do n't want to give up on lacey , but i feel lost . 
 lost and helpless . 
 `` and now ? '' 
 i ask miller . 
 `` now , '' he says , leveling his stare on me . 
 `` now we go swimming and pretend that today never happened . '' 
 `` i do n't think - '' `` i 'm going to run home and get my trunks , '' miller interrupts , turning away . 
 `` i 'll see you guys at the river . '' 
 james darts a panicked look in my direction as if telling me not to leave miller alone . 
 i 'm not sure i can handle anymore today , but as miller rounds the truck , i call to him . 
 `` wait , '' i say . 
 `` i 'll keep you company , and james can meet us there . '' 
 `` more time for me to undress , '' james says , taunting us . 
 `` maybe i 'll even find someone else to rub lotion on my back . '' 
 `` good luck with that . '' 
 miller laughs and climbs into the driver 's seat . 
 i look back at james one last time , and he gives me his signature smile , wide and cocky . 
 but it 's not real . 
 sometimes i think it 's never real . 
 james is the best at hiding the pain , disguising the feelings . 
 he knows what it takes to stay out of the program . 
 he 'll keep us safe . 
 he promised . 
 chapter three `` you 're wearing far too many clothes , '' james calls from the river as he swims toward me . 
 i 'm sitting in the grass , the glittering sun making james 's eyes that clear blue . 
 they stop me from saying something smartass back . 
 they 're gorgeous and arresting , and i love the way he looks at me . 
 as if reading my thoughts he stands up in the water , shaking out his hair . 
 `` you should come in , '' he tells me . 
 he 's not naked . 
 completely . 
 he 's wearing black boxer briefs that hang low . 
 i grin , watching the water drip down his skin as he walks my way . 
 `` dude , put on some clothes , '' miller says as he appears over the hill . 
 he 's wearing his swimsuit , two towels over his shoulder . 
 he throws one at james . 
 james shoots me another glance and winks , as if telling me i missed out on a great opportunity . 
 he 's probably right . 
 not that i would have gone swimming . 
 i do n't even know how . 
 james wipes his hair with the blue-striped towel . 
 `` sorry if my physique is intimidating you , '' he says to miller . 
 `` i did n't have time to go to my house . '' 
 `` or you 're avoiding it because you stole your dad 's car , '' miller adds . 
 james smiles . 
 `` something like that . '' 
 `` does anybody have food ? '' 
 i ask , leaning back on my elbows . 
 i squint my eyes against the sun as i look over my shoulder at miller . 
 his face is still pale , and i know he must be thinking of lacey . 
 she used to come swimming with us too . 
 she used to be one of us . 
 `` energy bar ? '' 
 he fishes in his pocket and then tosses one to me . 
 i look down at it and groan . 
 `` i hate peanut butter . '' 
 miller shakes his head . 
 `` sorry i did n't have time to bake you a lasagna , princess . 
 next time i 'll be more considerate . '' 
 `` good to hear . '' 
 james lays his towel on the grass next to me and then stretches out on his stomach , watching me open the wrapper . 
 `` i like peanut butter , '' he says nonchalantly . 
 i laugh and hand the powerbar over to him . 
 before he bites into it , he narrows his eyes and nods his chin to me . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` give me a kiss , '' he whispers . 
 `` no . '' 
 just a few feet away miller is stretching and putting down his own towel , getting ready for a swim . 
 yes , james mouths . 
 i shake my head , not wanting to make miller uncomfortable . 
 before it would n't have mattered . 
 he and lacey sometimes spent the first half of our swim dates back at the car . 
 but now it seems wrong to kiss in front of him . 
 salt in an open wound . 
 james 's eyebrows knit together as he seems to realize it too . 
 he lays his cheek on his folded arms and watches me solemnly . 
 i reach to stroke my fingers down his shoulder , over the names on his arm : brady . 
 hannah . 
 andrew . 
 bethany . 
 trish . 
 and they 're just the ones who died . 
 the list does n't include the ones who were taken away by the program . 
 it does n't even include lacey . 
 `` is the water cold ? '' 
 miller asks , staring at the river . 
 `` hell yeah , '' james responds , not looking away from my eyes . 
 `` feels good though . '' 
 miller nods , then walks to the water . 
 once he 's wading out , i lower myself down to rest my cheek on james 's arm , my face close to his . 
 my heart is aching . 
 my confidence is worn thin . 
 `` tell me it will be okay , '' i say seriously . 
 he does n't hesitate . 
 `` everything will be okay , sloane . 
 everything will be fine . '' 
 he puts no emotion behind his words , but i can believe him . 
 he 's never given up on me . 
 so i lean in and kiss him . 
 there is a splash behind us , and we both look at the water . 
 i hold my breath as the river seems to swallow the ripple , smoothing it down with the slow current . 
 james sits up next to me , staring at the water . 
 and it is n't until miller breaks the surface again , yelling about how cold it is , that we ease back down . 
 grateful that he came up for air at all . 
 when we leave , i drive home with james , my head resting against the window as i watch the road . 
 he 's taking the long way , the route that winds through the farms and hills . 
 it 's beautiful and peaceful , and for a minute you can almost believe we live in a beautiful and peaceful world . 
 `` do you think lacey will come back to us eventually ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` yes . '' 
 james reaches to turn on the radio , flipping through the stations until he finds some horrible pop song with a catchy hook . 
 `` want to go somewhere this weekend ? '' 
 he asks , pretending that i never mentioned our friend . 
 `` i 'm thinking of camping on the coast . '' 
 i look sideways at him . 
 `` do n't do that , '' i say . 
 `` do n't change the subject . '' 
 james does n't turn to me , but his jaw tightens . 
 `` you know i have to , '' he murmurs . 
 `` i want to talk about it . '' 
 he pauses , and then begins again quietly . 
 `` i 'm going to borrow miller 's tent because it 's nicer , but he said he does n't want to come . 
 i do n't know , maybe that 's a good thing . 
 we can be all romantic . '' 
 he tries to smile but wo n't meet my glare . 
 `` i miss her , '' i say , my face stinging with the start of a cry . 
 james blinks quickly , as if holding back tears . 
 `` i 'll even buy that disgusting sausage stuff you like . 
 what 's it called ? '' 
 `` kielbasa . '' 
 `` nasty . 
 i 'll grill kielbasa and we 'll roast marshmallows . 
 if you 're good i 'll even bring chocolate and graham crackers . '' 
 `` i ca n't do this , '' i whisper , feeling like i might shatter into a million sharp and jagged pieces . 
 `` it hurts too much . 
 i ca n't hold it in , james . '' 
 he winces at my words , and then presses on the brake , guiding the car to the side of a deserted stretch of road . 
 i 'm already falling apart as he stops and unbuckles his seat belt . 
 he grabs me roughly and pulls me into him , pressing me against his chest as his hand knots in my hair . 
 `` do it , '' he says , his voice cracking . 
 and so i cry . 
 i sob into his t-shirt , cursing the program . 
 the world . 
 i yell for brady and my friends , calling them cowards for leaving us . 
 i do n't understand why they 'd do this to us , ruining our lives by taking their own . 
 i scream until the words are no longer recognizable , only sounds choked with emotion . 
 indescribable loss . 
 and after twenty minutes of this , i 'm so exhausted that i just whimper , still clinging to james 's wet shirt . 
 his arms never falter around me . 
 he never interrupts . 
 when i 'm finally quiet , he leans down to kiss the top of my head . 
 `` better ? '' 
 he asks softly . 
 i nod and start to straighten , my face feeling swollen . 
 when i 'm sitting up , he pulls his t-shirt over his head , then clenches it in his hand to wipe my tears and runny nose . 
 his blue eyes look me over as he fixes my hair and makes sure there 's no smeared mascara . 
 he puts me back together just like he always has . 
 when he 's done , he tosses his t-shirt into the backseat . 
 he glances down at the steering wheel and takes a deep breath . 
 i take one too . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , sloane . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` say it . '' 
 `` it 's going to be okay , '' i repeat , staring back at him . 
 he smiles , reaching out to take my hand before kissing it . 
 `` we will get through this , '' he adds , but he 's turned back to the road , and it sounds more like he 's trying to convince himself than me . 
 when we 're driving again , i check my reflection to see how bad the damage is . 
 my eyes are red-rimmed , but not terrible . 
 we 'll need to drive around for a little longer , at least until the blotchiness fades . 
 i ca n't let my parents see me cry . 
 `` james murphy , '' i say , watching the sun fade below the horizon . 
 `` i love you madly . '' 
 `` i know you do , '' he answers seriously . 
 `` and that 's why i wo n't let anything happen to you . 
 it 's me and you , sloane . 
 just us . 
 forever just us . '' 
 my mother is waiting on the front porch when james pulls his father 's car to the curb . 
 she exhales , her hand on her chest as if she thought i was dead because i 'm over two hours late and i did n't call . 
 i do n't want to get out and face her . 
 `` you 've got this , '' james says , sounding light . 
 `` tell her that i tried to teach you to swim at the river today . 
 she 'll appreciate that . '' 
 `` yeah ? 
 can i tell her how you tried to get me naked in the backseat of this car before leaving , too ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` if she 's that curious . '' 
 i laugh and then lean over to kiss him quickly on the lips . 
 i 've never learned how to swim . 
 it 's not because of my crushing fear-which i have now-but because when we were younger my brother took lessons while i studied ballet . 
 and the more time passed , the more afraid i became of ever getting in the water . 
 now i wish i 'd learned with brady . 
 i might have saved him . 
 i pull back from james , sadness settling on my skin as he looks me over . 
 `` good night , sloane , '' he whispers . 
 i nod , missing him already , and then climb out of the car . 
 `` why does n't james have a shirt on ? '' 
 is the first thing out of my mother 's mouth . 
 i hold back my smile . 
 `` he was teaching me how to swim , '' i say as i step up onto the porch , keeping my face down . 
 `` oh , that 's good , i guess , '' she says , as if conceding . 
 `` but i was worried , honey . 
 the school called and said you left early for therapy , but then when you did n't get home on time ... '' i want to tell her to stop worrying about me because the program already watches us closely enough . 
 i want to tell her that this pressure is going to kill me . 
 but lashing out will only make things worse , so instead i smile brightly . 
 `` sorry i did n't call , '' i say . 
 `` when james picked me up from therapy we decided to go to the river . 
 it 's such a beautiful day . '' 
 my mother glances up at the sky as if confirming this , and then she touches protectively at my arm . 
 `` you 're right , '' she says . 
 `` and i 'm glad you 're enjoying yourself , sloane . 
 it 's nice to be happy . '' 
 her expression darkens . 
 `` it 's just that after your brother ... what if you - '' she pauses , choking on her own words . 
 `` everything will be okay , mom , '' i answer , the words robotic in my mouth from the number of times i 've said them to her . 
 the number of times james has told them to me . 
 `` everything will be just fine . '' 
 and then i open the door and go inside . 
 chapter four `` so how was school ? '' 
 my father asks as i stab my pork chop while we sit at the dinner table . 
 i look up , used to this conversation . 
 my parents ' expressions are so worn , and yet they stare at me like i 'm their last hope for survival . 
 `` good . '' 
 my mother smiles , giving my father a reassured side-glance . 
 normally , from here our topic would switch to the latest news : how the northwest has the highest suicide rate in the nation . 
 could it be because of the rain ? 
 that the incidence of suicide is spreading to other developed countries and they 're paying close attention to the program , hoping to adopt one of their own . 
 and my favorite , how a scientist or doctor has claimed to have found a cure-propaganda by the drug companies who have lost revenue from the banning of antidepressants . 
 but tonight i 'm too lonely to hold up my part of the conversation . 
 the way lacey returned , washed out like that-it makes me hate life . 
 and it makes me miss her even more . 
 before she was dating miller , lacey used to go out with jerkoffs . 
 she said bad boy was her favorite flavor . 
 they were always older , too old to go to the program . 
 i can remember a guy in particular , drake . 
 he was twenty and drove a camaro . 
 we were sixteen . 
 lacey showed up at my house one night wearing sunglasses , and i knew something was wrong . 
 we went quickly to my room before my mom could see her . 
 when she took off the glasses , i saw she had a black eye , cuts up and down her arm . 
 she said drake had pushed her out of the passenger door-while the car was still moving . 
 looking back now , seeing how she cried because she did n't want her parents to find out , i wonder what else lacey hid from people . 
 how much i really knew her . 
 we decided that she could n't cover the marks so we staged her falling off my front porch , calling my parents out to see her injured , setting up the alibi . 
 she never told anyone else about drake-although i told james and he beat the hell out of him . 
 i lied for lacey then , just as i lied to myself as she got infected . 
 maybe if i were a better friend i could have kept her out of the program . 
 maybe we 're all sick . 
 `` you 're not eating , '' my mother says , interrupting my thoughts . 
 `` everything all right ? '' 
 i look up , startled . 
 `` lacey came back today , '' i say , my voice wavering . 
 my father 's eyes flash with worry , and for a second i think that they understand . 
 that i can tell them the truth about the program-how it brings us back empty . 
 `` really ? '' 
 my mother sounds nothing short of gleeful . 
 `` well now , see . 
 that was n't very long . '' 
 i have a gut check and look back down at my plate , the pork chop slaughtered around the bone , the applesauce bleeding into everything . 
 `` it was six weeks , '' i murmur . 
 `` exactly , '' my mother answers . 
 `` went by faster than you thought . '' 
 i remind myself of the parental outreach the program uses-weekly support groups for parents of dead teens , access to the latest advances in their methods . 
 it 's like the program learned to get to us through our home lives . 
 i think they can get to us anywhere . 
 `` and how did she look ? '' 
 my mother asks . 
 `` did you see her at the wellness center ? '' 
 my fingernails are digging into my jeans , into the skin underneath . 
 `` yes , '' i lie . 
 `` and she 's blond again . 
 she 's ... completely different . '' 
 `` i bet she looks beautiful , '' my mother says . 
 `` the returners always look so healthy , do n't they , don ? '' 
 my father does n't respond , but i feel him watching me . 
 i wonder if he 's gauging my reaction , mentally going through the `` is your child depressed ? '' 
 checklist the program provided them . 
 i 'm not sure i have the strength to put on the mask , but i look up anyway . 
 and smile . 
 `` she does look great , '' i reply . 
 `` hopefully she 'll be able to hang out again soon . '' 
 `` just give her time to heal , '' my mother says , grinning at me like she 's proud . 
 `` thank god for the program . 
 it 's saving so many lives . '' 
 my stomach lurches and i stand up quickly , not wanting to cry when i 've made it this far into the conversation . 
 `` i 'll do the dishes tonight , '' i say , grabbing my plate . 
 `` after that i 've got a ton of homework . '' 
 i rush from the room , getting into the kitchen just as the tears start to sting my eyes . 
 i need to do something before i break into sobs in front of them . 
 there is a pamphlet for the program sitting next to our phone in the living room-something every parent received when our high school became part of the experiment . 
 but to me that paper is like a threat , always reminding me of the next step if i slip up . 
 so i do n't slip up . 
 ever . 
 i look around the kitchen and my gaze rests on the gas stove . 
 walking over , i turn it on-the flames catching life in shades of blue and orange . 
 i 'm going to die if i do n't cry right now . 
 the sorrow is going to rip through my chest and kill me . 
 but instead , i turn over my arm , the tender part exposed , and stick it into the fire . 
 the burn is immediate and i scream out in pain , backing away as i cover the area automatically with my hand . 
 my entire body reacts , as if all of me is on fire . 
 i decide that i like it . 
 i like the pain and distraction . 
 tears stream down my face even though the emotional release feels good , and i drop onto the tile floor . 
 my parents rush in , and the minute they do i hold up my arm , the blistered area bright red against my skin . 
 `` i got burned , '' i sob . 
 `` i leaned against the stove to grab the pan and the burner must have turned on . '' 
 my mother gasps and runs to turn off the burner . 
 `` donald , '' she says . 
 `` i told you to put the pots in the sink . '' 
 he apologizes and kneels down next to me . 
 `` let me see , sweetheart . '' 
 and they fuss , letting me cry as long as i want because they think i was accidentally injured . 
 they have no idea that i 'm really crying for lacey . 
 for brady . 
 and most of all , for myself . 
 james sighs . 
 `` you should n't have started in the car . '' 
 his voice is concerned on the other end of the phone as i hold it to my ear . 
 i 'm curled up in bed , my arm bandaged and tylenol pm making me sleepy . 
 `` that 's the problem , sloane . 
 once you start , you might not be able to stop . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` i should n't have let you cry . '' 
 `` i just had to mourn a little , '' i say . 
 `` not all of us can get tattoos . '' 
 `` this is n't about me . 
 now how bad is the burn ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` blistered . '' 
 `` goddamn it . '' 
 there 's a rustling , and i imagine him roughly rubbing his face . 
 `` i 'm coming over . '' 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` it 's late . 
 i 'm going to fall asleep soon anyway . 
 you can be sweet to me tomorrow . '' 
 `` i 'm going to kick your ass tomorrow . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` really ? 
 you really think so ? '' 
 `` go to bed , sloane . '' 
 he does n't sound nearly as amused as he normally would . 
 `` i 'll be there early to pick you up . 
 and please , '' james says , `` do n't do anything else stupid tonight . '' 
 i swallow hard , too exhausted to cry anymore , and agree . 
 after i hang up , i pull the comforter over my head . 
 i think about my brother in my last moments of consciousness-guilt heavy in my chest . 
 sometimes it hurts so much that i pretend he never existed at all , as if that can make me okay . 
 but then i remember his smile , his jokes , his ... life . 
 and i understand what my parents have lost and why they 're so concerned about me . 
 i ask myself if i 'd be different if i were them , but i do n't know the answer . 
 i feel a light touch on my cheek , and my eyes flutter open . 
 james looks down at me as he stands next to my bed , his face worried . 
 `` we 're going to be late for school , '' he says . 
 `` your mom finally sent me up here to get you . '' 
 i feel confused and glance at the clock , seeing that it 's past eight . 
 i get up on my elbows and look around the room , disoriented . 
 when i do , james moves to sit on the edge of my bed . 
 `` let me see your arm , '' he says , taking it before i can agree . 
 he peels back the bandage and i wince . 
 `` i 'm really unhappy with you right now , '' he says , not looking at me , just examining my burn . 
 `` i like your skin better without the scars . '' 
 his eyes meet mine , and then he leans down to kiss just above the tender spot on my arm . 
 he climbs onto the bed and gets under the sheets next to me , not caring that my parents are downstairs and could come up at any second . 
 `` i know it 's not easy , '' he whispers , his breath warm as his lips touch my ear . 
 `` but we have to push through . '' 
 he picks up one of my curls and twists it around his finger , wrapping and unwrapping . 
 `` every morning i think this will be it , the day i get sick . 
 the day the handlers will flag me , take me . 
 and i do n't want to get out of bed . 
 but i do . 
 because i ca n't leave you here alone . '' 
 at the thought of losing him , i reach out to take his hand , squeezing my fingers between his . 
 `` we have to fake it to make it , '' he says , sounding bitter . 
 `` and i do n't make it without you , baby . 
 brady told us to take care of each other , and i 'm not going to let him down again . '' 
 `` i 'm tired of faking it . '' 
 `` so am i. '' he breathes . 
 `` so am i. '' he pulls our held hands to his mouth and kisses mine . 
 then he turns and puts his lips on my neck . 
 `` let 's ditch , '' he murmurs between kisses . 
 `` we 'll say you have an appointment and go to the river , lie around in the sun all day . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` did n't we do that yesterday ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 but i could use another day off . '' 
 he takes my thigh and pulls it over his , leaning in to kiss my collarbone . 
 `` stop , '' i say , but it 's halfhearted . 
 truth is , i could use the heat that james gives me . 
 but before we get too far , he sighs and pulls away . 
 `` you 're right . 
 i really should n't take advantage of you when you 're injured . '' 
 he sits up , pulling back the cover and exposing my pajamas . 
 `` wear a skirt maybe , '' he says . 
 `` staring at your legs always puts me in a better mood . '' 
 he flashes that broad smile as he stands . 
 he goes to my door and pauses , his facade nearly crumbling . 
 but without looking back , he nods and then goes downstairs . 
 chapter five when we pull into the parking lot , i go to climb out of the car when james catches my hand . 
 `` hey , '' he says seriously . 
 `` i have to tell you something before we go in . '' 
 my heart skips a beat . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i did n't want to say anything when we were at your house , but miller broke into lacey 's bedroom last night , hoping to talk to her . 
 he thinks he might get flagged today . 
 i 'll let him tell you the rest . 
 but he 's okay . 
 he 's alive . '' 
 i lower my head and try to catch my breath , taking my hand from james 's before resting it on the dashboard to steady myself . 
 `` he 's okay ? '' 
 i ask , looking sideways at him . 
 he nods , but there 's something in his expression that keeps me from feeling relieved . 
 `` do you think they 're coming for him ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i hope not . '' 
 i close my eyes and throw my head back against the seat . 
 `` why did he do that ? '' 
 i moan . 
 `` why did n't he just wait ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' james says . 
 `` but i think we should take off early today , maybe after lunch . 
 we need to keep a lower profile around here . '' 
 `` says the guy who faked a school project at sumpter . '' 
 `` that was different . 
 i was trying to help miller . '' 
 `` it was dumb , '' i say . 
 `` we have to do better . 
 it 's our fault if they take him . '' 
 `` i know that , '' james snaps . 
 `` do n't you think i know that ? '' 
 we stare at each other , his features taking on a wild edge . 
 james feels responsible for my brother 's death . 
 for my safety , and miller 's safety . 
 it 's just how he is . 
 and sometimes i 'm stupid enough to believe that he can really keep us safe . 
 `` i know everything you think , '' i murmur , despair settling in my chest . 
 james 's expression softens . 
 `` come here , '' he says . 
 at first i do n't move , the impending threat on miller making the space in the car , in the world , suffocatingly small . 
 `` sloane , i need you , '' james adds , his voice thick . 
 and when i hear his plea , i push aside everything else . 
 i lean into him , digging my nails into his back as i clutch him to me . 
 he flinches , and then squeezes me tighter . 
 the minute i turn eighteen , james and i are going to leave town-start over someplace else . 
 but we ca n't go yet . 
 they 'll find us , issue an amber alert as a way to track us down . 
 we 'd never get away . 
 no one has ever gotten away before . 
 we stay close until james 's hand slides onto my bare thigh just below the hem of my skirt , his breathing deepening . 
 `` my lips are tired of talking , '' he whispers next to my ear . 
 `` now kiss me and make me forget , '' he says . 
 i pull back to see the sadness in james 's eyes , the mix of desire there . 
 and so i whisper that i love him , then climb onto his lap and kiss him , as if it 's the last one we 'll ever have . 
 in economics class , i stare at miller as he sits next to me with his head lowered , drawing in the notepad he has under his desk . 
 i 'm checking his mannerisms to see if there 's anything that can get him flagged . 
 he seems fine . 
 `` well ? '' 
 i whisper as the teacher starts walking around to hand back quizzes . 
 `` what happened at lacey 's ? '' 
 miller pauses in his sketching . 
 `` i slipped in through her window after her parents were asleep . 
 i tried to tell her that i was n't going to hurt her , but she started crying . '' 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` she thought i was there to kill her or something . 
 who knows what the program has told her about me . '' 
 i put my hand on my forehead , leaning my elbow on my desk . 
 this is a major disaster . 
 this is enough to get him taken away for sure . 
 `` did she call for her parents ? '' 
 `` no , '' miller says . 
 `` she told me to get out-even after i tried to explain who i was , she told me to get out . '' 
 his tone is flat . 
 `` i guess i was hoping that on some level she could still love me . '' 
 he looks over , his eyes glassy . 
 `` do you think she could ? '' 
 `` yes , '' i say , `` i do . 
 but miller , you could have been arrested . 
 sent away . 
 and then what ? 
 what would i do without you ? '' 
 `` i had to try . 
 you would n't give up on james . '' 
 i pause . 
 `` no . 
 i would n't . '' 
 he nods , looking sorry that he made the comparison , and goes back to his notepad . 
 `` are you going to keep trying ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` no point , '' he answers . 
 `` she 's not the same person . 
 i do n't even think she 'd fall for me again . '' 
 i blink back warm tears . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` i know , '' he says . 
 `` i have to move on , right ? 
 at least that 's what my mom tells me . '' 
 miller 's mom was never crazy about lacey in the first place . 
 she hoped her son would end up with someone more on the cheerful side . 
 but in our lives , there is n't all that much to be peppy about anymore . 
 and those that are have usually gone through the program . 
 `` miller , you do n't - '' `` sloane barstow ? '' 
 mr. rocco calls , and then glares me into silence . 
 miller 's head is down as he continues to doodle in his notepad under the desk , but i 'm relieved that he is n't planning anything crazy . 
 if we can just keep it together through this latest threat , we 'll survive . 
 and maybe in a few months , when her monitoring is over , we can convince lacey to hang out with us again . 
 `` james and i are leaving after lunch , '' i whisper when i 'm sure the teacher is n't looking . 
 `` you in ? '' 
 `` hell yes . 
 you think i 'm here to learn ? '' 
 i smile . 
 miller sounds like himself for the first time today . 
 just before i text james to tell him it 's on , i glance once more at miller , catching what he 's drawing in his notepad . 
 a large , black spiral , taking over the entire page . 
 i turn toward the front , pretending not to notice . 
 in my pocket , my phone vibrates . 
 i covertly slide it out and check the message . 
 keep miller close . 
 extra handlers on campus . 
 `` miller , '' i whisper . 
 `` james says there are more handlers today . 
 do you think they 're here for you ? '' 
 miller licks at his bottom lip , as if considering , then he nods . 
 `` could be . 
 let 's leave before lunch then , '' he says . 
 `` we 'll go to my house . '' 
 i agree and text james , glad to leave . 
 the last thing i want is to see my best friend get taken away . 
 again . 
 i sit next to miller on his flower-patterned couch as james is in the kitchen rummaging through the refrigerator . 
 miller chews on his thumbnail , and when he moves to the next finger , i see that they 're all bitten painfully short , bleeding under the slivers of the nail still there . 
 i reach out and smack his hand away from his face and he rests it in his lap . 
 `` saw her on the way to school today , '' miller says , staring out the picture window across from us . 
 `` lacey ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 drove by sumpter and saw her in the lot , talking to evan freeman . 
 she ... was laughing . '' 
 he begins biting on his nail again , but i do n't stop him . 
 instead i lean my head on miller 's shoulder and stare out the window with him . 
 returners are n't allowed to get too close to people for a few months after coming back , but they are allowed to make a few friends-especially if they 're also successful graduates of the program . 
 i guess the handlers figure that if they 're both scrubbed clean , they ca n't be bad influences on each other . 
 before miller , lacey actually went on a few dates with evan freeman . 
 she said he used too much tongue . 
 and now , the fact that lacey was talking to him-laughing-all while not realizing that she already knows him , makes me sick . 
 it 's so disturbing that i can barely handle it . 
 `` what do you think they did to her in there ? '' 
 i mumble , not sure i really want the answer . 
 `` they dissected her , '' miller responds , spitting out a bit of nail . 
 `` they opened up her head and took out the pieces , putting them back together as a happy-face puzzle . 
 it 's like she 's not even real anymore . '' 
 `` we do n't know that , '' i say . 
 `` she could still be the same on the inside . 
 she just does n't remember . '' 
 `` and if she never does ? '' 
 he turns to me , a tear spilling over onto his cheek . 
 `` do you really think anything can ever be the same again ? 
 she 's empty , sloane . 
 she 's the walking dead now . '' 
 i do n't want to believe that . 
 i 've seen returners for nearly two years , and although i 've never had more than a standing-next-to-me-in-line-at-the-mall conversation , i 'm sure they 're still people . 
 just ... shinier , as if everything is great . 
 they 've been brainwashed or something . 
 but they 're not empty . 
 they ca n't be . 
 `` it would have been better if she had died , '' miller whispers . 
 i sit up and glare at him . 
 `` do n't say that , '' i say . 
 `` she 's not dead . 
 and in time we 'll try again . 
 she may not know you , miller . 
 but her heart will . '' 
 he shakes his head , not meeting my eyes . 
 `` no . 
 i give up . 
 i 'm letting her go just like the psychologist said i should . '' 
 after the program took her , they sentenced me , james , and miller to two weeks of daily intensive therapy-therapy beyond the usual assessments . 
 they asked for details , things they could use in her treatment . 
 but really i think they were trying to see if we were infected too . 
 luckily we were n't . 
 i want to tell miller not to move on , to wait it out and try to win her again . 
 but in a way , i know he 's right . 
 the way lacey looked , how she acted . 
 she 's not the same . 
 and she probably never will be . 
 i remember the first time miller met lacey . 
 i 'd brought him to our table , hoping to introduce them , but lacey was in the lunch line arguing with the lady at the register . 
 lacey was wearing this ridiculous black-and-white-striped dress that made her look like beetlejuice , but miller got this puppy-dog expression on his face . 
 he leaned in and told me and james that she was exactly the kind of girl he was looking for-the kind who would piss off his mother . 
 i shoved his shoulder , but james laughed from across the table . 
 `` do n't do it , man , '' james told him with a smirk . 
 `` she 's like a black widow . 
 she eats dudes like you for breakfast . '' 
 and miller just smiled as if the idea fascinated him . 
 lacey was n't so easy to convince . 
 but when they finally got together , they were happy . 
 they were so happy . 
 `` i 'm sorry , miller , '' i say in a low voice . 
 he nods and then turns suddenly to hug me . 
 i rest my hand on the back of his neck as he squeezes me so tight i can barely breathe . 
 i do n't tell him it 'll be okay because i do n't know if i can hope that it 's true . 
 just then james walks into the living room , biting into an apple . 
 he looks at us , tilting his head as if assessing the situation . 
 he takes another bite and walks over , leaning down to put his arms around both of us . 
 `` can i have some love too ? '' 
 he asks in the stupid way he does when he 's trying to make sure we 're not getting too sad . 
 he 's trying to distract us . 
 he kisses loudly at miller 's cheek , and i laugh , pushing him away . 
 james straightens , but miller just stands and does n't say anything . 
 james 's expression falters and he shoots me a warning look , as if telling me i should n't have let miller break down like that . 
 i shrug because i did n't mean to . 
 glancing around the room to figure out what to do next , james walks to the fireplace mantel and picks up the latest family photo . 
 `` man , '' he says , looking at miller . 
 `` your mom is smokin ' hot in this picture . '' 
 `` go to hell , '' miller says , biting his thumbnail again as he hovers in the doorway . 
 they have this same conversation every time james sees miller 's mom , who is indeed very pretty . 
 she 's single , raising miller by herself . 
 she has blond hair and wears short skirts , and has a possible crush on my obnoxious boyfriend who she says is going to be a `` heartbreaker '' when he gets older . 
 uh , yeah . 
 not if i can help it . 
 `` i 'm just saying , '' james adds , walking back over to the couch and dropping down next to me . 
 `` if i did n't have this one '' - he hikes his thumb at me - `` i might be your new stepdad . '' 
 i laugh , slapping his thigh . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 james winks at me and turns back to miller . 
 `` i can teach you how to play catch in the backyard , okay , slugger ? '' 
 `` fine by me , '' miller says , his normally amused expression at the joke gone . 
 `` i 'll take sloane in exchange . 
 i need a new girlfriend anyway . '' 
 both james and i pause in our laughing , miller adding a new twist to the routine . 
 only ... he does n't say it like he 's joking . 
 he glares at james , at me , and then turns away . 
 `` i 'm going to make a sandwich , '' he adds , and heads into the kitchen . 
 james 's mouth opens slightly as he stares after miller , a bit of pink high on his cheeks . 
 `` i think he was serious , '' he says , sounding confused . 
 `` why would he say something like that ? '' 
 james glances at me , his brow furrowed . 
 `` does he like you ? '' 
 i shake my head , my stomach knotting . 
 `` no , '' i say honestly . 
 and the reason it 's so alarming is that we know it 's out of character , that it 's a break in miller 's personality . 
 it 's a sign we were taught to watch out for . 
 `` should we talk to him about it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 james puts his hand over his mouth , rubbing it as he thinks . 
 `` no , '' he says finally . 
 `` i do n't want to upset him any more . '' 
 we 're quiet for a long minute , the sound of the refrigerator opening and closing in the background . 
 james looks at me . 
 `` and by the way , you 're not allowed to hook up with miller . '' 
 `` shut up . '' 
 `` i 'll make you a deal . 
 you do n't hook up with him , and i wo n't hook up with his mom . '' 
 `` james ! '' 
 i go to hit him again , but he captures my hand and then pulls me onto his lap , making it impossible for me to get up . 
 james is so good at making everything normal that i start laughing , trying to twist out of his grip . 
 when miller walks back in , a sandwich in his hand , he pauses in the doorway-no emotion on his face . 
 i stop squirming , but james does n't let me go . 
 he nods his chin at miller . 
 `` we 're clear that sloane 's mine , right ? '' 
 he asks , not sounding combative , just curious . 
 `` that i love her and wo n't let her go , not even to you . 
 you know that ? '' 
 i wonder what happened to the `` let 's not upset him '' argument . 
 miller takes a bite of his turkey on rye and shrugs . 
 `` maybe , '' he says . 
 `` but we all know that things change . 
 whether we want them to or not . '' 
 and without betraying any emotion , miller backs off and leaves , walking slowly up the stairs to his room . 
 james releases me and i sit next to him , stunned . 
 miller does n't have feelings for me , i know that . 
 he 's just acting out . 
 we 've seen it before , how someone will piss off their friends or start sleeping around when depression takes hold . 
 my brother acted out , but we denied it . 
 we pretended not to see it . 
 with that thought i turn to james , my face tight with worry . 
 `` should i - '' `` no , '' james says , holding up his hand . 
 `` i will . '' 
 he kisses the top of my head before walking to the stairs that lead to miller 's room . 
 he 's going to try a peer intervention , something we 've been taught since the seventh grade . 
 `` this might take a while , '' he says to me . 
 i nod , and then watch as james goes up to try to bring miller back . 
 in miller 's small , rooster-themed kitchen , i make some chicken noodle soup and eat it with crackers before washing out the pot . 
 when i get tired of waiting , i move to sit on the stairs , listening for any sounds above as i rest my head against the wall . 
 it 's forty-five minutes later when james appears on the landing . 
 he smiles at me , a look that 's to tell me everything worked out . 
 miller walks past him , and i back up into the foyer and watch him as he comes to pause in front of me . 
 `` james says you 'd never go for me because he 's a better kisser than i am , '' miller starts . 
 `` i told him we should put it to the test , and he punched me in the gut so hard i almost puked . '' 
 i dart an alarmed look at my boyfriend and he shrugs . 
 `` it 's okay , '' miller says , touching my arm . 
 `` i deserved it . 
 i was being a dick , and i 'm sorry . '' 
 his mouth quirks up in a smile . 
 `` i 'm not really attracted to you , sloane . 
 i hope you 're not too disappointed . '' 
 i roll my eyes and look back at james as he drops slowly down each stair . 
 `` did you really hit him ? '' 
 `` that 's my idea of intervention . 
 worked , right ? '' 
 james is always thinking like that , that if he can distract us long enough we 'll forget how messed up everything is . 
 he 's right . 
 it does work . 
 but will it always ? 
 will he always be able to make us laugh through our tears ? 
 i stare at him then , knowing how much i depend on him , on how he makes me feel . 
 his smile fades as if he 's reading the serious expression on my face . 
 rather than make a joke , he looks at the wooden floor . 
 `` do you guys want to watch a movie ? '' 
 miller asks , sounding more alive than he has all day . 
 `` my mom wo n't be back until four . '' 
 `` your mom - '' james begins . 
 `` shut up , '' miller and i say at the same time . 
 james chuckles , finally glancing up , looking flawlessly charming . 
 all is well . 
 all is ... normal . 
 we go into the living room , wasting an afternoon as if it were any other . 
 but i ca n't help stealing looks out the window , constantly checking for the men in white coats . 
 chapter six for the next two days , miller is himself-or a close enough version of himself . 
 when he 's not drawing in his notepad , he 's staring out the window during class . 
 lacey must not have turned him in because the handlers have n't approached him yet . 
 but there is one handler still hanging around , the creepy dark-haired one who side-eyes me . 
 i do n't mention him to james or miller , worried they 'll start a fight and get into trouble . 
 instead , i just avoid his gaze , trying not to get too freaked out . 
 `` miller , '' james asks as we walk out on friday . 
 `` are you sure you do n't want to come camping ? 
 it 'll be nice out there-quiet . '' 
 `` naw , man , '' miller answers , taking his baseball cap out of his backpack and adjusting the brim . 
 `` i 'm just gon na chill at home , play some video games . 
 maybe stop by the wellness center . '' 
 `` you should come , '' i say . 
 `` you 're going to be lonely . '' 
 miller looks at me as he puts his hat on , a smile on his face . 
 `` it 's one night , sloane . 
 it 'll be fine . 
 besides , i already know how camping goes with you two . '' 
 he motions between james and me . 
 `` and no offense , but i 'm not really in the mood for your public displays of affection . '' 
 james laughs and moves to put his arms around my waist from behind , resting his chin on the top of my head . 
 `` not true , '' he says . 
 `` we always wait until you 're asleep . '' 
 i laugh and push him off me . 
 but miller still does n't agree to join us , promising that he will next week . 
 i do n't want to leave him behind , but i do n't think i can stay in town , either . 
 i like being out in the woods . 
 i like pretending that there 's no program . 
 and so we say good-bye to miller and climb into james 's dad 's car , heading for the coast . 
 when we were younger , brady and i would go camping together . 
 my brother was an expert outdoorsman , so our parents let us go when i was just twelve and he was thirteen , although they 'd come and check on us a few times . 
 and when i was fifteen , they finally let us go on our own , as long as james was there too . 
 that first night , as i sat next to the fire pit , i watched james put the tent together while brady was across the site , chopping wood . 
 james had just turned sixteen , and his blond hair had grown out so that he had to swipe at it with the back of his hand . 
 he was such a boy , shirtless and sweating , muscles already cording on his tall frame . 
 and at one point , he looked sideways at me , almost startled to see me sitting there , staring at him . 
 then his mouth spread into a grin . 
 `` you checking me out , sloane ? '' 
 my face must have gone completely red because he apologized immediately , but i had already gotten up to walk to the spot that overlooked the ocean , unable to answer . 
 he was right . 
 i had been checking him out . 
 it had never occurred to me before that moment that i thought of james as anything more than a friend , my brother 's friend . 
 i even had a boyfriend , liam . 
 sure , i did n't much like him , just one of those `` we have classes together so let 's go out '' type of relationships . 
 but still , lacey told me it 'd be weird if i said no to liam . 
 i had n't even let him hold my hand in the two months we were together-and believe me , that counted as pretty weird in everyone 's book . 
 and yet , there i was checking out james murphy . 
 i sat on the sand embankment and bent my knees , resting my elbows on them . 
 james had lots of girlfriends , never any serious . 
 and now that i thought about it , james dating other girls twisted my stomach . 
 i groaned out loud , wondering how i could have let myself be so stupid . 
 `` god , sloane '' i heard . 
 `` i was only kidding . '' 
 i straightened my back , unable to turn to face james . 
 but i knew him , and there was no way he 'd leave me without finding out what was going on . 
 then , sure enough , he was standing over me . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 he asked . 
 his voice held no hint as to what he was thinking ; whether he was embarrassed for me , whether he had even noticed that he was right about the way i 'd been looking at him . 
 i nodded , but he just chuckled . 
 he tossed a tent pole on the sand in front of us and dropped down next me , bumping me as he did . 
 james was big , and i fell to my side , catching myself with my hands . 
 normally i would have pushed him back , but i did n't want to touch him . 
 i wanted to figure out how to make my feelings go away . 
 me , james , and brady were a team . 
 i did n't want to mess it up . 
 `` holy hell , '' he said , sounding amused . 
 `` you really were checking me out . '' 
 `` i was n't , '' i said quickly , turning to him . 
 but it was too late . 
 james read the truth all over my face . 
 his easy smile slid away from his lips . 
 `` sloane , '' he whined my name . 
 `` you do n't get to do that . 
 this ca n't ... we ca n't ... '' he stopped , his beautiful eyes holding nothing but pity for me . 
 so i did the only thing i could . 
 i punched him in the chest , making him gasp , and got up and walked away . 
 and here we are , over two years later . 
 once again i 'm watching james build a tent , but this time my brother 's dead . 
 james 's hair is n't in his eyes , but he brushes at his forehead absently anyway . 
 at one point , he looks sideways at me , but he does n't smile like he did that day . 
 instead his eyes are weary from putting up the tent by himself . 
 he presses his lips together in an `` i miss him too '' sort of expression and i look away . 
 the team broke up , but it was n't me who did it . 
 it was brady . 
 the fire crackles , the heat licking out toward my boots . 
 the sun set a few hours ago , but neither of us said much throughout the day . 
 it was nice that we did n't have to . 
 james taps my leg with a thin stick and i take it from him , looking next to me . 
 `` marshmallow ? '' 
 he asks , holding one out between his thumb and finger . 
 i watch as the amber light plays off his features : his strong jaw , his golden hair . 
 i smile . 
 `` you 're beautiful , '' i say . 
 `` i look good naked too , '' he adds . 
 `` you did n't mention that . '' 
 `` i forgot . '' 
 `` you forgot ? '' 
 he pretends to be offended , and then takes a bite out of the marshmallow before tossing the rest into the fire . 
 james immediately drops out of his chair , crawling over to mine and grabbing me , pulling me down into the dirt with him . 
 `` james ... , '' i start to say , laughing . 
 but his lips are on mine , tasting sticky and sweet . 
 he lays me back , his knee nudging my legs apart as he starts kissing my neck . 
 `` james , '' i murmur again , only this time it 's with longing . 
 i love this-this moment . 
 because as we roll on the ground , the fire burning hot as james peels off my clothes , i can block out everything else . 
 i can focus on how good i feel right now . 
 i can pretend that there is nothing else but us . 
 and when we 're done and james is panting next me , proud of himself as he should be , i stare at the stars in the sky . 
 i lie there for a long time as james pulls his t-shirt back over his head , collecting the wrapper to toss out . 
 when he comes back , he gets down next to me , moving my head onto his lap as we watch the sky together . 
 `` brady 's a star up there , '' he says , `` in some distant place where he does n't hurt . '' 
 james 's voice cracks and he stops talking . 
 he sniffles , the tears rolling down his cheeks . 
 he always lets his guard down enough to talk in moments like this-the only time his feelings are so raw he ca n't hide them . 
 `` he loved you , '' i say , curling up against him . 
 `` no matter what he did , you were the best thing in his life . '' 
 james looks down at me , wiping his tears . 
 `` you were . '' 
 he stares at me in a way that reminds me that he 's only human . 
 that he 's as fragile as i am . 
 `` i was just his sister . 
 you were more than a brother . 
 you were his other half . '' 
 `` then i sucked at it , '' james says . 
 `` because brady 's dead . 
 and i 'm still here . '' 
 i sit up then , turning james 's face to mine . 
 `` you 're here for me . 
 i would n't have survived without you , and i could n't now . 
 we 're in this together , james . 
 do n't forget that . '' 
 he exhales heavily and shakes his head , as if trying to clear it . 
 i know that telling him i need him , that i ca n't live without him , snaps him out of the depression . 
 it always has . 
 and when he 's more himself , i kiss him again , before taking his hand and bringing him into the tent to sleep . 
 `` we should really camp more often , '' james says as we 're driving down the freeway . 
 i smile and look sideways at him . 
 `` it was fun . '' 
 `` and i think your memory is fully restored now . '' 
 he grins . 
 `` yes , james . 
 it is soundly intact and filled only with images of your naked torso . '' 
 he raises one eyebrow . 
 `` just my torso ? '' 
 `` oh my god , shut up . '' 
 `` do n't be shy . 
 i 'm an amazing specimen . '' 
 james is still grinning ear to ear when my phone vibrates in the pocket of my jeans . 
 i take it out , glancing at the number . 
 `` it 's miller , '' i say , and then click it on . 
 `` hey . '' 
 `` sloane ? '' 
 miller sounds like he 's been crying and sickness washes over me . 
 i reach out and grab james 's arm . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 what happened ? '' 
 i say into the phone . 
 my heart is racing in my chest . 
 `` they 're coming for me , '' he whimpers . 
 `` the program is coming for me . '' 
 no . 
 `` miller , where are you ? '' 
 i shoot a look at james , and he 's alternating between facing me and facing the road . 
 his speed creeps up past eighty as we race toward town . 
 `` i 'm home , '' he whispers , sounding desperate . 
 `` but it 's too late . 
 i had to see her again . '' 
 `` put it on speaker , '' james says , his knuckles white on the steering wheel . 
 i hit the button , and miller 's sobbing immediately fills the space in the car . 
 i nearly crumble , but i hold up the phone , keeping back my own tears . 
 in life , i do n't really get to see people cry-not anymore . 
 james does every so often , but it 's rare . 
 and other than that , it 's only when someone has cracked that they 'll let someone see . 
 i never once saw my brother cry , and i was with him when he died . 
 `` miller , '' james calls out . 
 `` do n't do anything stupid , man . 
 we 're on our way . '' 
 `` i just ca n't ... , '' miller mumbles . 
 `` i ca n't do it anymore . 
 i followed lacey to the wellness center and i tried to kiss her , to remind her . 
 but she slapped me and reported me before i took off . 
 my mom let it slip tonight that the program is coming . 
 they 're coming right now . 
 but i wo n't wait for them . 
 i wo n't let them take me . '' 
 `` miller ! '' 
 james shouts so loud i flinch . 
 `` what do you have ? '' 
 tears start streaming down james 's cheeks and he presses down on the accelerator , sending us over a hundred miles an hour . 
 `` quikdeath , '' miller mumbles . 
 `` i wish lacey would have told me and we could have gone together . 
 she would n't have gotten hollowed out . 
 we 'd be together . '' 
 `` you ca n't be together if you 're dead , '' james says . 
 he punches his fist hard on the steering wheel , and i 'm crying , looking for james to fix this . 
 to stop it . 
 `` miller , '' he says . 
 `` do n't do this , man . 
 please ? '' 
 miller sniffles . 
 `` it 's too late , '' he says , sounding far away . 
 `` i took it ten minutes ago . 
 but i could n't leave without saying good-bye . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` i love you , guys . '' 
 then the phone goes dead . 
 i gag , the emotion too strong for me to contain , and james slams on the brakes , guiding us to the shoulder . 
 he grabs the phone from where it fell on the seat , immediately dialing 911 . 
 he 's covering his face , his body racking in sobs . 
 `` my friend , '' he yells into the phone . 
 `` he took quikdeath ... . '' 
 i think i pass out then , because i do n't hear anything else . 
 chapter seven the ambulance is gone by the time we get to miller 's house . 
 there 's no flurry of activity or sirens , so we know it 's too late . 
 we sit for a long time , staring at his white house with its black shutters . 
 james does n't hold my hand , and i do n't reach for his . 
 we 're just quiet . 
 the sun sets behind the house and the living room light switches on . 
 we can see miller 's mother in the picture window , curled up on the couch . 
 there 's another woman with her , talking and wandering around . 
 james and i have been in houses after a death before , and it 's not a good place to be-not when we 're already so compromised . 
 `` miller was going to be eighteen in three months , '' james says , his voice strangled , but he does n't bother to clear his throat . 
 `` he would n't have been scared of the program anymore . 
 he would n't have done this . '' 
 it 's a question we often ask ourselves : would we commit suicide without the program , or does it help drive us there ? 
 `` i guess it does n't matter now , '' i say , chills running over me as i continue to stare at miller 's house . 
 my miller-my friend . 
 the first day i met him he was playing with the bunsen burner and my homework caught on fire . 
 instead of yelling and dropping it , he grabbed my diet coke and doused it . 
 then he looked over and asked if he could buy me another one . 
 he came camping with us , he cut school with us , he loved us . 
 he was such a good guy and he was such a good friend , and i just ca n't ... i just ca n't ... `` sloane , '' james says , pulling my arm . 
 but i 'm rocking , banging my forehead against the window , trying to make the memories , the regret , the pain go away . 
 i want to stop moaning because i do n't even know what i 'm saying . 
 but i ca n't control myself . 
 i ca n't control anything . 
 and just then james slaps me , hard . 
 i gasp in a breath , snapped out of my hysteria as my cheek stings . 
 normally james would have talked me down , held me to him . 
 but instead his eyes are swollen and red from crying . 
 his skin is blotchy and wet . 
 i 've never seen him look like this , and i touch my face , still stunned . 
 james hitches in labored breaths , his body nearly convulsing with them . 
 i 've stopped crying , but my head throbs from where i was banging it on the glass . 
 james still says nothing and then looks past me to miller 's house , just as the porch light clicks off . 
 he whimpers , and i reach for him but he backs against the car door . 
 slowly , he pulls the driver 's side handle and opens it , falling out onto the street . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i manage to say . 
 but he does n't look at me as he scrambles up , staring at the house with horror on his face . 
 and then james turns and starts running , his sandals clapping on the pavement . 
 i push open my door and scream after him . 
 `` james ! '' 
 i yell , but he 's around the corner and out of my sight . 
 i ca n't move at first . 
 i 'm hyperaware of everything around me , the orange haze low in the sky from the sunset . 
 the trees swaying in the wind . 
 i think about going up to miller 's house and asking if i can lie in his bed for a while , feel close to him one last time . 
 but that 's the kind of thing that gets you flagged . 
 miller . 
 i 'll never go with him to the river again . 
 we 'll never have lunch again . 
 he 'll never turn eighteen . 
 oh , god . 
 miller . 
 i blink , but no tears fall because my eyes are dried out and scratchy . 
 i touch my cheek again where it still stings . 
 it occurs to me that james did n't say anything-he did n't tell me i was being hysterical . 
 he did n't hold me and tell me to cry it out . 
 he did n't tell me it would be okay . 
 he did n't say anything . 
 suddenly my heart explodes with worry . 
 i clamor all the way out of the passenger seat and race around the car , getting in the other side and slamming it into drive . 
 i need to find james . 
 i grab my phone from the center console and call him , my fingers trembling over the numbers . 
 there 's no answer until his voice mail picks up . 
 `` it 's james . 
 talk to me , baby . '' 
 i hang up and dial again , turning down the same street where i saw him running . 
 it 's empty , and then the streetlights turn on . 
 where is he ? 
 he needs to be okay . 
 he needs to tell me i 'm okay . 
 i press down on the accelerator , looking frantically around the streets . 
 james 's house is only a few blocks away , so he might be there . 
 i hope he 's there . 
 i 'm going to find him and i 'm going to hold him . 
 the car tires bump the curb hard as i pull up to his house . 
 i run , not even shutting the door , and race to his front porch . 
 i rush inside and yell for him , but no one answers . 
 his dad is n't home and i wonder what day it is , if he 's on a date tonight . 
 `` james ? '' 
 i 'm screaming . 
 `` james ? '' 
 silence . 
 i trip as i run up the stairs , banging my shin hard on the wood . 
 i curse under my breath but scramble ahead . 
 i have to find him . 
 i burst into his room , and the minute i do , i freeze . 
 my james is sitting on the floor near the window , shirtless , in jeans . 
 he pauses and looks up at me , his eyes red and swollen , his mouth slack . 
 i barely recognize him . 
 i hitch in a breath as he lowers the pocketknife , blood running down his arm , pooling in his lap . 
 `` i needed to add his name , '' he says , his voice thick . 
 `` i could n't wait for ink . '' 
 i drop to my knees and begin crawling toward him , shocked , horrified , desperate . 
 miller 's name is carved jaggedly into his flesh . 
 blood is everywhere . 
 james lets the knife fall to the carpet . 
 he blinks likes he 's just noticing me . 
 `` sloane , '' he says softly . 
 `` what are you doing here , baby ? '' 
 i reach for him and bring his head against my chest . 
 his blood is warm as it runs over my hand . 
 james lies there listlessly as if he 's empty . 
 as if he 's dead , too . 
 and i wo n't cry anymore today . 
 because i know that james is now infected . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , '' i say , brushing back his sweaty blond hair . 
 no emotion in my voice . 
 just the impossibility of it . 
 `` everything is going to be okay , james . '' 
 luckily the cuts are n't too deep , and i help james clean and cover them with a bandage and a long-sleeved shirt . 
 i go through his dad 's medications until i think i find something that will calm him down . 
 i clean his room , trying to scrub the blood out of his carpet but then opting to cover it with a chair when i ca n't . 
 i take the knife and throw it in the trash , considering hiding all the knives in the house , but i do n't want his dad to be suspicious . 
 james stares up at the ceiling , shaking even under the covers . 
 i get into bed next to him , glancing at the clock and knowing his dad will be home soon . 
 i wrap myself around james and hold on tight . 
 i wait until the pills take effect , and when he 's asleep , i slip out . 
 i hope that his father has n't heard about miller yet . 
 i hope that he 'll get home from his date and go to sleep , and then leave before james wakes up in the morning . 
 then i 'll come over and get james ready for school . 
 he 'll need time , need me to keep him normal , but then he 'll be fine . 
 james will be eighteen in five months , and then after that they ca n't take him away . 
 i 'll keep him safe , just like he kept me safe after brady died . 
 because that day at the river when my brother killed himself , i almost went with him . 
 chapter eight my brother and i were only eleven months apart , yet oddly enough , we never fought . 
 brady was my best friend , one of my only friends other than lacey . 
 and even though he had james , he never shut me out . 
 in the weeks before my brother died , james and i had been meeting secretly . 
 when he 'd stay over , he 'd show up in my room at three in the morning , kissing me quietly while everyone slept . 
 he 'd leave notes under my pillow when i was n't home . 
 we 'd become completely infatuated with one another . 
 we did n't tell brady , not because we wanted to keep it secret , but because we did n't want it to be awkward . 
 and if everyone knew about james and me , they would n't allow us constant access to each other-sleepovers , camping trips . 
 brady had been seeing that girl dana , but they broke up . 
 she told james that brady was acting strange , that he was cold . 
 james waved her off , but when he confronted my brother , brady just said it was n't a big deal . 
 that she had bad breath anyway . 
 my brother had made it his personal mission to teach me how to swim , always going to our same place by the river . 
 there is n't much of a current there , just a deep pool of water . 
 but this one afternoon , he took me and james to a new spot . 
 `` it 's really beautiful there , '' he said as he drove . 
 `` it 's perfect . '' 
 james snorted in the backseat . 
 `` just so long as i get to see your sister in a bikini . '' 
 brady smiled , his shadowed eyes glancing in the mirror , but he did n't tell him to shut up . 
 instead he kept driving , like he had all the time in the world . 
 i looked back at james , but he just shrugged . 
 i remember thinking that maybe we 'd tell my brother that day , that maybe it was time for him to know about me and james . 
 i even thought that maybe he knew about us , but james did n't think so . 
 he said brady was just stressed about finals . 
 we never got the chance to tell him . 
 i was in my bathing suit as brady stood at the edge of the drop , looking down at the rushing water . 
 a soft smile was on his lips . 
 `` you ca n't swim in that ! '' 
 james yelled to him as he laid out his towel far back in the grass . 
 `` we should have gone to our usual spot . '' 
 brady looked over , the light reflecting off his black hair . 
 the sun made his pale skin look sallow and shiny . 
 `` i did n't want to ruin it for you , '' my brother called . 
 james pulled his eyebrows together , and then laughed . 
 `` ruin what for me ? '' 
 `` the usual spot . 
 i figured you 'll still be able to go there after . 
 maybe you can teach sloane how to finally swim . '' 
 he darted his eyes to mine and smiled . 
 `` she might listen to you . '' 
 i paused then , and stared at him . 
 `` what are you - '' ice-cold pain ripped through my body when it hit me , when the moment actually became clear . 
 at just about the exact same time , i saw james jump up from his towel . 
 my brother was poised on the end of a twenty-foot drop , and he bowed his head to me , his eyes glassy . 
 the dark circles under them were navy blue . 
 i had n't seen it coming . 
 i had n't recognized the signs . 
 `` take care of each other , '' brady whispered to me like it was a secret . 
 and then he held his arms out at his sides and fell backward off the cliff . 
 my screams ripped through the afternoon air , and i looked back to see that james was still too far away . 
 i did n't know how to swim , but i ran full force and dove in after him . 
 the minute i smacked the water , cold rushed up my nose and i choked , flailing wildly . 
 `` brady ! '' 
 i tried to yell , but gulps of water kept entering my mouth . 
 there was another loud splash behind me , and i knew it was james . 
 i do n't even think he saw me as he swam past , just as good of a swimmer as brady . 
 a log was jutting out from the bank and i grabbed onto it , watching . 
 the current was so fast it was pulling my legs downriver as my body clung to the wood . 
 and then i saw brady-he was floating , facedown . 
 he was n't swimming . 
 i screamed again , pointing toward him as i watched his body slam into a rock , and then another . 
 james 's arms were furiously lapping over and over , but brady was too far ahead . 
 i started to cry , sobs curling my body around the branch . 
 when brady 's body slammed against another rock , it stayed there long enough for james to reach him . 
 james banged against the boulder , crying out as he did , but he pulled brady to shore and started giving him cpr . 
 he was frantic , pounding on his chest , breathing into his lungs . 
 but i could see from where i was that even if brady was n't full of water , his neck was broken . 
 his head hung oddly to the side ; his eyes stared out at nothing . 
 my brother-my best friend-was dead . 
 comforting numbness seemed to stretch over me then . 
 james was crying , screaming for help . 
 he stood up , his hand shielding the sun as he looked for me . 
 and i let go of the branch , letting the icy water pull me under . 
 i tried to drown , and really , it would n't have been that hard . 
 the current was strong enough to keep me under , and i hoped i would pass out , blocking the images of my dead brother 's last stare . 
 i knew i could n't go on . 
 i could n't face my parents . 
 my life . 
 but then james had his forearm around my neck , pulling me to the bank to lay me on my back . 
 i was choking , vomiting even then . 
 my ears were plugged but i could see james above me , tapping my cheeks to keep me awake . 
 when i could keep my eyes open , he left , running to his towel where his phone was . 
 james saved me . 
 but he could n't save brady-neither of us could . 
 in the end we did just as my brother asked-we took care of one another . 
 sometimes the survivor 's guilt was more than we could bear , a secret between us that we never let show . 
 but we were all we had left . 
 as i sit in james 's house monday morning , watching as he slowly pushes his bandaged arm through a shirt i picked out , i think that it 's always been him doing the work . 
 james has been the constant . 
 now that part of him is broken , finally infected . 
 and just like that day at the river , i want to let go and go under . 
 `` i brought pop-tarts , '' i say , brushing his hair aside as he sits and stares out the window . 
 `` when 's the funeral ? '' 
 he asks , his voice so low i can barely hear it . 
 i swallow hard . 
 after i left james saturday night , i pushed down every feeling i had , let myself become a machine , doing whatever 's necessary to keep us alive . 
 together . 
 when i got home , my parents told me that miller 's mom had called and spoken with them . 
 `` they 're not having a funeral , '' i say . 
 `` the program thinks it might instigate more suicide , so just his mom is allowed to bury him . '' 
 miller 's face , his smile , pops into my head , but i quickly lock it away . 
 there is no time to mourn . 
 james presses his lips tight together as his eyes well up . 
 `` it was my fault , '' he says . 
 `` just like brady . 
 i was too late . 
 i should have never left him behind . '' 
 i wrap my arms around james . 
 `` miller was sick , james . 
 there was nothing we could do . '' 
 he turns in my arms . 
 `` and brady ? 
 i was there and i could n't save him . '' 
 my heart aches , but i ca n't let myself think about brady today , not when we have to go to school . 
 `` i could n't either . 
 and what 's done is done . 
 you need to pull yourself together . '' 
 james reaches up to put his palm on my cheek , and i turn my face into it . 
 `` i ca n't , '' he murmurs . 
 i stare into his blue eyes , panicking , but i press my forehead against his . 
 `` i will save you this time , '' i whisper . 
 `` i will save us both . '' 
 james pulls me into a hug , burying his face in my neck , and i run my fingers down his back , trying to calm him . 
 i 've never felt strong , not when so many things in this world are out of my control . 
 but now i have to be . 
 because i 'm all we have . 
 chapter nine in the past day have you felt lonely or overwhelmed ? 
 no . 
 have there been any changes in your sleeping patterns ? 
 no . 
 i have n't slept since miller died . 
 has anyone close to you ever committed suicide ? 
 i fill in no . 
 i stare at the darkened oval , willing it to be true . 
 wishing that i could ever just fill in the goddamn no ! 
 i blink back the tears that are starting , and i erase the mark , making sure no traces of it exist . 
 and then , with coldness in my soul , i fill in yes . 
 after an hour of intensive therapy to deal with my `` loss , '' i find james at my locker and walk him to his classroom , making sure he can pass for normal-at least for fifty minutes . 
 when i get to economics , the first person i see is the handler , the dark-haired one who 's always watching me . 
 next to mine , miller 's desk is empty , and a deep hollow feeling opens in my chest . 
 but in the corner , watching me with a soft smile on his lips-as if he 's been waiting for me-is the handler . 
 my heart races as i sit , not looking back at him again . 
 i wonder if i 'm about to get flagged . 
 please , god . 
 do n't let them take me . 
 when the bell rings , mr. rocco walks in and shoots an uneasy glance at miller 's desk and then at the handler before launching into his lesson . 
 i clasp my hands under my desk , squeezing tightly to keep my composure . 
 it 's torture , trying to pay attention , trying to put up the appearance of wellness . 
 i want my phone to vibrate so that i know james is okay too . 
 but nothing happens . 
 sweat has started to gather on my upper lip , and i feel like i ca n't take another moment of not knowing how james is when the bell finally rings . 
 i jump and immediately stuff my book into my backpack , standing quickly as i head toward the door . 
 just then someone grabs my arm . 
 i swing around , startled , and am face-to-face with the handler . 
 i suck in a breath , nearly falling over . 
 it 's happening . 
 no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 it 's happening . 
 the handler lets go of my elbow and smiles sympathetically . 
 `` sloane barstow , '' he says , and his gravelly voice is like sandpaper on my soul . 
 `` i 'm sorry for your loss . 
 i just have a few questions for you if you do n't mind . '' 
 his eyes are wide and dark , his skin a deep olive . 
 he 's twenty , maybe younger , but i see no true compassion on his face . 
 i see something else , something that makes my stomach knot . 
 he wants to take me . 
 `` i already had therapy today , '' i say , stepping back from him . 
 he laughs . 
 `` this is n't therapy . 
 follow me , please . '' 
 he walks past me , and i 'm struck again by the medicinal smell of the handlers . 
 i wonder if he has drugs on him right now that could put me out , something they occasionally do when apprehending someone for the program . 
 or he could use the taser at his waist . 
 i feel for my phone in my pocket , but do n't dare text james . 
 i need him to stay calm . 
 but then i wonder if they 've gotten to him , too . 
 i hope not . 
 he 's in no condition for an interview . 
 it happens , after a suicide . 
 they send us all to counselors to make sure we 're okay . 
 sometimes a few extras are sent in to interview those who are n't taking the loss well . 
 but it 's rarely a handler . 
 it makes me uneasy that this is the same guy who 's been watching me since taking kendra . 
 but i have no choice so i follow him toward the main office . 
 when we get there , a small room is ready for us . 
 two chairs face each other in the dim space . 
 i gulp down my fear as i enter , hating the idea of being alone with this guy . 
 but principals and teachers do n't interfere with the program . 
 they look the other way when i enter . 
 `` please sit , '' the handler says , closing the door behind us and drawing the blinds . 
 my fear is so strong , but i know i ca n't let it show . 
 i take a deep breath and lower myself into the chair . 
 `` this really is n't necessary , '' i say , trying to sound like a normal girl . 
 `` i hardly knew miller . '' 
 the handler smiles at this , coming to sit across from me , the knees of his white pants almost touching mine . 
 i try not to flinch away from him . 
 `` really ? '' 
 he asks , obviously knowing the answer . 
 `` well , then how about lacey klamath ? 
 or perhaps your brother ? 
 were you close with them ? '' 
 i must visibly pale when he mentions brady because he bows his head as if apologizing . 
 `` miss barstow , it has come to our attention that you are high-risk . 
 you 've suffered tremendous loss recently , so it 's only my intention to evaluate you . '' 
 he 's lying . 
 he wants to flag me . 
 they do n't care about us , only the appearance that what they do works . 
 i curl my toes hard in my shoes as the handler runs his eyes slowly over me . 
 goose bumps rise on my skin . 
 `` let 's start with miller . 
 you were out of town when he terminated himself , correct ? '' 
 i hate him for making it sound clinical . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and lacey was your best friend , but you were not aware of her condition before she was sent to the program ? 
 you were n't trying to hide it from us ? '' 
 `` no . 
 i had no idea . '' 
 and then i can sense what 's coming . 
 `` are you hiding anything now ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 i keep my face as calm as possible , meeting his eyes . 
 i imagine that i 'm a robot , void of feelings . 
 void of life . 
 `` do you have a boyfriend , sloane ? '' 
 the corner of his mouth curves up when he asks , as if he 's some guy i just met who 's trying to flirt . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` james murphy ? '' 
 oh , god . 
 `` mm-hmm . '' 
 `` and how is he doing ? '' 
 `` james is fine . 
 he 's strong . '' 
 `` are you strong ? '' 
 he asks , tilting his head as he looks at me . 
 `` yes . '' 
 the handler nods then . 
 `` it 's only our hope to keep you well , sloane . 
 you know that right ? '' 
 i do n't respond , wondering what james will say under these questions . 
 if they 'll know from one look that he 's sick . 
 `` there is voluntary admittance into the program if you start to feel overwhelmed . 
 or if you just need someone to talk to . '' 
 he reaches out then and pats my thigh , a move that catches me off guard , and i jump . 
 the handler stands up and walks around my chair as if he 's leaving . 
 instead he stops behind me , putting his hand on my shoulder . 
 his fingers tighten on the muscle . 
 `` have a good day , sloane . 
 something tells me i 'll be seeing you again soon . '' 
 and then he drops his arm and walks out , leaving me alone in the darkened room . 
 i practically run to lunch , terrified that james wo n't be there . 
 i stop , swaying on my feet when i see him at our table , drinking from a carton of orange juice . 
 `` you 're okay , '' i say when i reach him , practically collapsing onto his lap as i hug myself to him . 
 he does n't hug me back , but he does n't push me off , either . 
 i press my face to his neck . 
 `` yeah , '' he says quietly . 
 `` i 'm okay . '' 
 i pull back and look at his face , trying to gauge how damaged he is . 
 his skin is pale and his mouth is sagging , like he 's forgotten how to smile . 
 i run my fingers over his cheek , and he closes his eyes when i do . 
 `` i was so worried , '' i whisper . 
 he does n't move , and i hug him again , holding him tight like i want him to do for me , but he does n't . 
 after a while i let him go , and he starts to eat , taking small bites of his food . 
 he stares across the cafeteria , but at no particular point . 
 just away . 
 `` has anyone interviewed you ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he shakes his head no . 
 `` they pulled me from class , '' i say . 
 james looks over at me . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` they asked about miller . 
 about you ... . '' 
 he does n't react ; instead he just turns back to his food . 
 i miss him so much , even though he 's right in front me . 
 he 's not the same . 
 `` no one 's spoken to me , '' he says . 
 `` i have n't even seen any handlers today . '' 
 and although that should make me feel better , his statement only makes me more uneasy . 
 why did they pull me ? 
 either i was the one being evaluated or they were collecting evidence on james . 
 i 'm not sure which it was . 
 `` i want to get out of town , '' i say . 
 `` do you think you can get away ? 
 i want to go camping again . '' 
 james chews slowly . 
 `` i can try . '' 
 the emptiness in his voice is killing me , and i 'm not sure i can keep this up much longer . 
 `` do n't you want to go with me ? '' 
 i ask , my voice small . 
 he nods . 
 `` of course i do , baby . '' 
 i exhale , leaning to put my head on james 's shoulder . 
 under the table , his hand finds mine and i feel better , like this small show of life can mean something . 
 movement in the corner catches my attention , and i dart my eyes over there , finding the handler watching me with a smile on his lips . 
 chapter ten the rest of the week is more of the same . 
 i try to keep up the appearance of normal , especially when i feel him watching us . 
 the handler is in my classes , the cafeteria , always staring . 
 always a smirk on his face . 
 it 's like he 's willing me to mess up . 
 they do n't pull james aside for an interview , and i wonder what it means . 
 did i seem more depressed to the handler ? 
 have they already decided to take james ? 
 when friday comes , i practically drag james from the building , so relieved that i wo n't have to fake it through another day . 
 but oddly enough , i do n't think i want to cry either . 
 i 've almost convinced myself that miller really was n't our best friend . 
 it 's the only way i can deal . 
 i prepacked the car so we can head directly to the campsite . 
 james is silent in the passenger seat , staring out the window . 
 my parents seemed a little wary about us going so soon after miller , maybe even a little suspicious . 
 they asked why james has n't been by the house , and i told them he was studying-which is probably why they were suspicious in the first place . 
 at james 's house i 've been a permanent fixture , whispering to him and pretending like we 're being playful when his dad is around . 
 really i 'm just telling him to hang on . 
 i put him in his bed at night and tell him that i love him and that i wo n't let anything happen to him . 
 he does n't say it back . 
 i 'm scared that he never will again . 
 james sits , staring at the fire pit , while i put up the tent , grunting and scraping myself with the poles . 
 i continue to look over at him , but he never looks back . 
 when the camp is set up , i grab my sleeping bag from the car , feeling exhausted . 
 i call to him , tossing the other bag in his direction . 
 `` you can at least bring in your own sleeping bag , '' i say , trying to sound light . 
 `` you 're making me do everything . '' 
 he does n't respond , but he does get up , walking behind me to the tent . 
 he climbs inside as we lay out our bags , his gaze a million miles away . 
 `` hey , '' i say , pausing in front of him to brush back his hair . 
 `` do you want to lie down for a little bit ? '' 
 his eyes meet mine , but only for a second , and then he nods and kneels down on his bag , spreading out on his back . 
 i chew on my lip as i get down next to him , curling up against him the way he used to like . 
 my thigh over his , my face at the crook of his neck . 
 i rest my hand on his chest and listen to him breathe . 
 he does n't touch me . 
 `` i miss you , '' i say quietly . 
 `` i 'm so lonely without you , james . 
 i 'm trying to be strong , but i 'm not sure how much i have left . 
 you have to come back to me . 
 i do n't think i can get through this alone . '' 
 my eyes well up , but james does n't move . 
 god , i just want him back . 
 i want to hear his laugh , his sarcastic comments , his fake ego . 
 `` i love you , '' i whisper , and the tent is quiet . 
 i 'm losing him , just like i lost the others . 
 i sniffle back the start of tears and talk like he 's there with me . 
 `` i wo n't let you go , you know ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` i 'm never going to just give up . 
 so do n't even think about getting another girlfriend . '' 
 i smile , pretending he laughed . 
 `` i know things are bad right now , but they 'll get better . 
 you 're not like brady . 
 you wo n't quit . 
 you wo n't leave me on the side of a river wondering why . 
 you 're stronger than that . 
 i know you are . '' 
 i slide my hand under his shirt , resting it over his heart . 
 his skin is warm , familiar . 
 the beating is slow . 
 `` we should probably get that heart rate up , '' i say lightly . 
 `` you could use the exercise . '' 
 i get up on my elbow , looking down into his beautiful face , his eyes fixed on a point beyond the tent that i ca n't see . 
 `` hey , '' i whisper . 
 when he slowly drags his gaze to mine , it 's lost and unfocused . 
 james and i have a million shared memories , but somehow i know that talking about his little-league games or the time he sliced open his foot on a rock is n't going to snap him out of this . 
 instead i run my hand down his upper body and over his stomach , stopping when i get to the top of his jeans . 
 and when i slip my hand inside them , his eyelids flutter and he takes a breath , but just a small one . 
 i think quickly , remembering that i do n't have any condoms . 
 i doubt james brought any , and neither of us , right mind or not , would ever take a chance . 
 not in this world . 
 but i want him . 
 i want him to forget how sad he is . 
 `` i love you , '' i say , but james 's eyes are shut . 
 i lean down and kiss softly at his lips , nearly stopping when he does n't respond . 
 then i kiss his neck , his chest . 
 i undo his button as i kiss his stomach and then lower . 
 and it is n't until i feel his hand in my hair and hear him murmur my name breathlessly that i know i have him back-even if only for a second . 
 `` do you want me to build a fire ? '' 
 i ask . 
 james is wrapped tightly around me , his cheek against the back of my neck . 
 `` no , '' he says softly , holding me . 
 `` i just want to stay here with you . '' 
 i smile a little and realize it 's the first real smile i 've had since miller died . 
 the thought of him makes the happiness quickly fade . 
 `` miller would want you to be okay , '' i whisper . 
 james swallows hard and his arms loosen from around me . 
 `` i 'm not well , sloane , '' james says . 
 i turn and face him . 
 his eyes are bloodshot , his chin growing stubbly . 
 `` do n't say that , '' i tell him . 
 `` i 'm going to kill myself . '' 
 my entire chest seizes up , and i grab james hard , pulling him toward me . 
 `` do n't you dare ! '' 
 i cry out . 
 `` i swear to god , james ! '' 
 but i 'm shaking so hard i 'm not even sure he can understand my words . 
 `` do n't leave me , '' i sob . 
 `` please do n't leave me here alone . 
 please . '' 
 slowly james puts his arms around me and guides me against his chest , brushing back my hair . 
 `` sloane , '' he says . 
 `` i ca n't go into the program . 
 i do n't want to forget you , forget brady . '' 
 i pull back and look at him . 
 `` do you think you 'll remember if you 're dead ? 
 you promised me , james . 
 you promised forever . '' 
 tears roll down my cheeks , and i expect him to wipe them and tell me it 's going to be okay . 
 instead he tightens his arms , clinging to me silently as i rest beside him . 
 but he did n't agree to not kill himself . 
 `` please hold on , '' i whisper . 
 `` tell me you 'll hold on . '' 
 his breath is warm against my skin . 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 we lie around in the tent until it 's dark , leaving only to get energy bars and water , and then later to use the bathroom . 
 i do n't sleep all night , worried about what tomorrow will bring . 
 wondering if the old james will ever come back . 
 and when the sun rises again , i look over at him hopefully . 
 he 's on his back , staring into nothing , and i know that he 's lost . 
 and so am i. chapter eleven it 's been two weeks and two days since miller died , but james is still not himself . 
 i 'm exhausted , keeping up our front , pretending to be okay . 
 i do james 's homework , ripping out his pages of black spirals and instead writing in math logarithms . 
 i walk him to his classes , making sure he does n't try to buy quikdeath , always watching if anyone notices his change . 
 it 's clear they do . 
 other students avert their eyes when we pass , not wanting to be associated with us for the risk of getting flagged . 
 i know time is running out , and so i overcompensate even more . 
 i get louder with my laughter . 
 kiss james passionately in the hallway-even though he does n't respond . 
 i 'm starting to forget what he was like before . 
 i 'm starting to forget what we were like before . 
 nearly a month after miller 's death , our classes change for the semester . 
 james ends up in my math class by some miracle-or maybe it 's the fact that our student population continues to dwindle . 
 there have been two suicides since miller . 
 i notice an increase in handlers , including the one who watches me . 
 and he 's here now , standing at the door of our class with another handler , staring in . 
 next to me james sits , looking down at his desk . 
 he has n't taken out his notebook . 
 he does n't move . 
 `` james , '' i whisper , hoping to not draw attention to us . 
 `` please . '' 
 but he does n't respond . 
 there is a shuffling of feet , and i know it before i even look up , know it by the sound of gasps in the room . 
 my eyes start to water , but i hold back the tears and watch my boyfriend . 
 i know what 's coming next . 
 `` i love you , '' i murmur to james . 
 `` you 'll come back to me . '' 
 my words are barely a breath when the white coats come into my vision . 
 surrounding him . 
 grabbing him from his chair . 
 i almost vomit , but i grip my desktop and keep back my tears . 
 around me , the other students drop their heads , not wanting to betray their emotions . 
 my james . 
 my james . 
 the handlers are pulling him to the door , but james suddenly looks back at me , his blue eyes wide . 
 he starts to fight , tearing from their grip . 
 my face nearly breaks with a cry . 
 `` sloane ! '' 
 he yells , falling to his knees as they hold him . 
 `` wait , '' he says fiercely to them . 
 but they 're not listening . 
 they 're pulling him back , the one handler shooting me a glare , warning me to not respond . 
 i try to smile , anything to let james know that he 'll survive this . 
 and that i 'll be here when he gets back . 
 i kiss my fingers and hold them up in a wave . 
 he stops , letting the handlers get ahold of him . 
 then james closes his eyes , and lets them drag him to his feet and out the door . 
 when he 's gone , several people look back at me . 
 the teacher stares at me . 
 everyone is waiting to see my reaction , if i 'll be next . 
 if they 'll come rushing in here any second . 
 but i do nothing . 
 inside i 'm dying , ripping apart and bleeding . 
 i 'm so far gone i 'm not sure i can get back , but i open my notebook and poise my pencil over it , as if ready to write . 
 i keep my breaths measured , waiting . 
 and then the teacher starts talking again , going on about the latest math concept . 
 i hear the chairs squeak as the other students give her their attention . 
 i do n't wipe my face as one tear , one i just could n't hold back , hits my notebook with a quiet tap . 
 i close my eyes . 
 james has always been terrible at math . 
 brady used to try to teach him , but it was no use . 
 my boyfriend was completely helpless . 
 i remember once while they were doing homework , brady called me into the kitchen . 
 he and james were at the table , books spread out in front of them . 
 it 'd been a month since that first camping trip when james caught me staring . 
 i 'd spent every moment since then avoiding him . 
 i tried to pretend that nothing had changed , even though i 'd see him looking at me strangely , as if trying to figure out if he should talk to me or not . 
 he did still talk , but i never met his eyes . 
 i already felt stupid enough . 
 `` sloane , '' brady called . 
 `` check this out . '' 
 i walked into the kitchen , taking an uneasy glance at james as he sipped his soda , not acknowledging me . 
 `` what 's up ? '' 
 i asked my brother , nervousness in the pit of my stomach . 
 brady pointed his finger to a problem on the page , a math formula with an example . 
 `` what 's the answer ? '' 
 brady asked , grinning widely and looking over at james-who was continuing to not notice me . 
 i swallowed hard and then narrowed my eyes , computing the problem in my head . 
 `` x equals eight , '' i said . 
 `` why ? '' 
 brady laughed and james shook his head , a smile on his lips . 
 james reached in his pocket and pulled out a five-dollar bill , slapping it on my brother 's open book . 
 brady picked up the money triumphantly . 
 `` told you she was smarter than you . '' 
 `` i never said she was n't , '' james answered , finally darting a glance at me . 
 `` i already know your sister is smarter . 
 she 's prettier than me too , but i did n't bet on that . 
 i just wanted you to call her in here so she 'd look at me again . 
 it was worth the five bucks . '' 
 before i could even understand what he 'd said , james was flipping though his book , the corner of his mouth turned up in a half grin . 
 brady handed me the five . 
 `` you deserve this , '' he said , `` for always putting up with his shit . '' 
 brady laughed it away as if james was just teasing me , and my face burned with embarrassment . 
 humiliation . 
 i crumpled up the money and tossed it at james , bouncing it off his cheek . 
 he looked up , surprised , and brady chuckled . 
 `` i do n't want your money , '' i said , and turned to go up the stairs toward my room . 
 `` then what do you want , sloane ? '' 
 james called after me , sounding amused , as if daring me to answer . 
 i paused at the stairs , but did n't turn around . 
 and then i went to my room . 
 i know james wo n't come looking for me this time . 
 not like he did that day , apologizing . 
 james is in the program now . 
 the james i know is gone . 
 `` sloane , honey ? '' 
 i hear my mother say on the other side of my bedroom door . 
 i lay listlessly on my bed , willing myself to answer her . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` it 's time for dinner . 
 can you please come down ? 
 i 've called three times already . '' 
 had she ? 
 `` sure . 
 okay . '' 
 i slowly stand , looking down at my clothes . 
 i wish that there were bloodstains or tears , something to outwardly show how hurt i am . 
 but instead it 's just a pair of jeans and a pink t-shirt . 
 something so painfully average that it makes me hate myself . 
 i head downstairs . 
 my parents sit at the dining room table , pleasant smiles plastered across their faces . 
 i try to return a smile of my own , but i 'm not sure i pull it off . 
 my father 's brow creases . 
 `` i made your favorite , '' my mother says . 
 `` spaghetti and meatballs . '' 
 i know the homemade sauce took her forever to make , so i say thank you . 
 i take a seat and wonder what sort of pills i can find in the medicine cabinet , wondering if i can find something to help me sleep . 
 `` james 's father called , '' my mother says softly . 
 `` he told us james was sent to the program today . '' 
 my stomach twists around her words , and i reach out to sip from my water . 
 the ice cubes rattle in the glass as my hand shakes . 
 `` he 's going to be safe now , '' my mother adds . 
 `` we 're all so grateful for the program . 
 we had n't even known he was ill . '' 
 i 'd known . 
 but now i also know that he 's gone , and when he comes back , i wo n't be a part of his life . 
 he 'll be wiped clean . 
 `` sloane , '' my father says in a low tone . 
 `` your mother is talking to you . '' 
 i look up at him , the anger clearly on my face because he straightens in his chair . 
 `` what would you like me to say to that ? '' 
 i ask , my voice barely controlled . 
 `` what is the appropriate response ? '' 
 `` that you 're happy that he 's going to get better . 
 that you 're happy he wo n't harm himself . '' 
 `` they took him , '' i snap . 
 `` they came into class and they dragged him out . 
 there is nothing happy about this . '' 
 `` sloane , '' my mother says , sounding startled . 
 `` did you know he was sick ? 
 you did n't try to conceal it , did you ? 
 he could have ... '' she stops , looking horrified . 
 i ca n't believe they do n't understand . 
 i wonder if it 's because adults would rather forget about their problems , the thought that ignorance is bliss . 
 but the program steals our memories . 
 they reset our emotions so that we 're brand-new , never having been hurt or heartbroken . 
 but who are we without our pasts ? 
 `` james would have rather died than gone to the program , '' i say , picking up my fork . 
 `` and now i know why . '' 
 my mother tosses her napkin onto the table . 
 `` he 's going to get help , sloane . 
 is n't that what matters ? 
 i wish we would have gotten to brady in time . '' 
 i cry out , the rage inside me too much to contain . 
 `` are you really that stupid ? '' 
 i shout at her . 
 `` do you really think brady would have wanted his memory erased ? 
 nobody wants this , mom . 
 no one wants to be numb . 
 they 're killing us ! '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 she yells back . 
 `` you 're killing yourselves . 
 they 're saving you . '' 
 `` by taking away everything that made my life worth living ? '' 
 `` is this just about james ? 
 honey , i 'm sure when he comes back - '' i throw my fork across the room , banging it off the wall . 
 `` it 's not just james ! 
 they 'll take out parts of me . 
 parts of brady . 
 i wo n't even know my friends . 
 i wo n't remember why i love going to the river ... . 
 it 's because that 's where james first kissed me . 
 did you know that ? 
 that 's where he first told me he loved me . 
 and now they 'll take that from him and he wo n't remember . 
 he wo n't even know who he is . '' 
 `` if it 's meant to be , you 'll find each other again . '' 
 i scoff . 
 `` i hate you , '' i say , tears streaming from my eyes . 
 i told my mother that once before , after my brother died . 
 she threatened to send me to the program and i never said it again . 
 now i stare at her , all my emotions spinning into a dark spiral . 
 `` actually , i take it back , '' i say to her , smiling sadly . 
 `` i hate myself more . '' 
 and then i run for my mother 's car in the garage , needing to get away . 
 from her . 
 and from everything . 
 chapter twelve i drive through the country , the long route that james and i used to take . 
 i do n't turn on the radio ; i do n't turn down the blasting heater . 
 instead i let sweat race down my back . 
 it 's suffocating and thick in here , but i do n't care . 
 i slow down when i get to the stretch of farm where there is nothing but cows . 
 them and me . 
 when i 'm on the side of the road , i put the car in park and stare down at my hand . 
 at the purple ring that james gave me . 
 it does n't take long for me to dissolve into tears , screaming until my voice breaks completely . 
 i 'm practically hyperventilating when the thought hits me . 
 when the clarity of it is too much to resist . 
 it 's like a sudden calm , erasing my pain . 
 it 's peacefulness . 
 i wipe absently at my face and sit up straighter , shifting the car into gear . 
 i know what to do . 
 what james would have done if i 'd let him . 
 there 's no way i can hide my despair . 
 they 'll come for me soon enough , if they 're not planning to already . 
 they 'll take me away , mess with my mind , clear away my memories of james , miller , and possibly even brady . 
 they 'll take away everything that makes me me , and send me back clean . 
 empty . 
 i almost smile as i swing onto the road , driving too fast . 
 not caring if i crash . 
 almost hoping i do . 
 but if i do n't , it 'll be okay . 
 because i 'm going to the river . 
 i 'm going for a swim . 
 i do n't go to our usual spot . 
 i go to where my brother died , and stand on the edge of the cliff , looking down at the rushing river water . 
 it 's barely after five , the sun 's high above me , and i 'm still in my perfectly normal clothes . 
 in a way , i wish i 'd worn something that meant more to me , like one of james 's old sweaters , or brady 's t-shirts that we never got rid of . 
 i lift up my hand and look again at the purple heart ring . 
 it seems like a lifetime ago that he gave it to me , and i realize it was . 
 it was miller 's lifetime ago . 
 i start to cry . 
 bringing the ring to my lips , i kiss it , thinking of where james could be . 
 we know nothing of the program , what it really does to people . 
 on the news a few months back , they did an investigative report , but the story was overshadowed by the rising number of deaths . 
 any small violations they found-overuse of pills , patients being tied down-were pushed aside and the focus was on the results . 
 no one in the program died . 
 they all went on to graduate , turn eighteen , disappear off the government radar . 
 i lower my arm and watch the strong current below me . 
 the drop is nearly twenty feet . 
 the river is deep enough here that i wo n't smack the bottom , but i will get pulled under . 
 i will be swept away , just like brady was that day . 
 and like him , i wo n't fight it . 
 i 'll let the darkness take me . 
 closing my eyes i silently apologize to my parents , to everyone i 've let down . 
 and then ... i fall forward . 
 the wind rushes over my face and the feeling of dropping flutters my stomach and makes me gasp in a breath just as i hit the water . 
 sharp coldness envelops me and fills my mouth , and i swing out my arms as i 'm plunged deeper , pushed forward . 
 it 's dark and icy and all at once i 'm terrified-lashing out for something to grab onto . 
 i fight to breathe , but take in a mouthful of water instead , gagging as my body convulses . 
 oh , god . 
 i 'm drowning ! 
 the pressure closes in on my chest , and i realize that i do n't want to die . 
 i do n't want to die here ! 
 just then my body slams against a rock , hoisting me halfway out of the water . 
 i hold on to it , vomiting up river until i 'm sure i 'll pass out and die anyway . 
 my throat burns , my lungs ache . 
 my arm is numb and i think it may be broken . 
 i 'm focused on trying to breathe , even though my throat feels too tight . 
 my adrenaline is keeping me conscious , but beyond that is a fear i 've never known . 
 vulnerability i 've never felt-and never want to feel again . 
 i start to whimper . 
 the river rushes by , my legs pulled downstream , but i hang on , listening to the sound of my shallow breaths . 
 my eyes feel swollen and raw , and i blink as i see the world around me . 
 the green of the leaves , the gray of the rock , the glistening of the setting sun on the water . 
 i lay my head on my broken arm , my clothes stuck to me as i stare at my ring . 
 i could n't kill myself , could n't let go like so many others had . 
 i wonder if in their last moments they 'd changed their minds , but there was no boulder to grab on to . 
 i start to sob as i think about brady and about how i should have gotten to him in the water sooner . 
 maybe he wanted to live . 
 maybe it 's my fault that he did n't . 
 i cling to the rock , crying until the thoughts fade and my body 's spent . 
 when i feel empty , i gather my strength and climb across the boulder , dragging myself to the shore . 
 my legs are so numb from the cold that i can barely feel them touch the ground . 
 my arm starts to throb at my side , and one of my shoes is lost in the river . 
 it 's dark when i finally make it back to the car . 
 i 'd left my key in the ignition , and when i turn it , i crank the heat to slowly thaw underneath the warm air . 
 i stare through the windshield and think about how james will return from the program . 
 they might not let me near him for a while , but they will eventually . 
 and james is n't like other people . 
 he 's smart . 
 resourceful . 
 what if he does n't get hollowed out ? 
 what if he comes back and remembers me ? 
 if it were me , if i 'd been sent to the program , i 'd do everything i could to remember him . 
 i 'd find a way . 
 i have to believe that james will too . 
 i have to believe in him . 
 my father is sitting on the porch stairs when i pull the car into the driveway . 
 he jumps up immediately , rushing toward me . 
 i shut off the engine and wait until he wrenches open the door . 
 `` sloane ! '' 
 he calls , and then stops when he sees me . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 i slowly drag my eyes over to his . 
 `` i was trying to learn to swim , '' i say , and shrug . 
 but when i do a sharp pain tears through my arm . 
 i wince and look down at it . 
 `` are you hurt ? '' 
 he leans in to touch me but i shrink away . 
 `` do n't touch it , '' i say . 
 `` i think it 's broken . 
 the current was too strong and it - '' `` helen ! '' 
 my father yells over his shoulder , calling to my mother . 
 `` come on , sweetheart , '' he says to me , gently taking my uninjured elbow to help me out . 
 `` where were you ? '' 
 my mother 's voice is frantic as she jogs from the house , her skin pale in the light of the front porch . 
 her hands search me , brushing back my wet hair , looking at the cuts on my cheek . 
 `` i was trying to swim , '' i say , and meet her tired eyes . 
 `` i know i 've been horrible to you lately , and i thought maybe this could make up for it . '' 
 my mother has always wanted me to learn how to swim , even though i was scared of the water . 
 once my brother was gone , i vowed never to learn . 
 but i hope this lie makes her feel better . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i add , lowering my head . 
 `` oh , sloane , '' she says , hugging me . 
 `` you ca n't do things like this . 
 i was so worried , i almost called the police to look for you . '' 
 i stiffen . 
 `` did you ? '' 
 i 'm suddenly terrified that she used the number on the pamphlet next to the phone . 
 that my own mother would turn me in . 
 `` no , '' she says . 
 `` your father said you 'd be back . 
 that you were just ... venting . '' 
 she pronounces the word as if she ca n't remember what it means . 
 i shoot a look at my father , but he keeps his eyes downcast . 
 i wonder exactly how much he knows about where i 've been . 
 `` it was an accident , '' i say to my mother , trying to sound as peaceful as possible . 
 `` i thought it 'd be great to learn , something to surprise james with when he comes back . 
 but then i got pulled downstream . 
 i 'll be more careful next time . '' 
 `` we should probably get you to the emergency room for that arm , '' my father cuts in . 
 my mother gives him an alarmed look , as if he 's stealing me from her . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i tell her . 
 `` i know how much you hate hospitals . '' 
 i smile then , trying to make her feel better . 
 or maybe i 'm putting up the facade again : i 'm healthy , mom . 
 see ? 
 the guilt from my outburst at dinner nags at me , the promise of james coming back strengthens me . 
 i can make it through six weeks . 
 james will be here and we 'll be together . 
 we 'll beat the program . 
 my mother hugs me again , and i wince at the pressure on my aching arm . 
 `` sorry , '' she says . 
 `` i 'm just so happy you 're okay . 
 i ca n't ... i ca n't lose you , too . '' 
 her words strike my heart and remind me of brady , how she cried for weeks after he died . 
 how my father would drink too much , and then they 'd scream at each other . 
 i 'd tried to comfort my mother , until my own grief got the best of me . 
 and then james became the only person i could trust to see that side of me . 
 `` i 'm okay , mom , '' i say , sounding light , surprised how easily the lie comes out . 
 `` you do n't have to worry about me . '' 
 she nods , clearly relieved , and i walk around the car as my father gets in the driver 's seat . 
 i raise my good arm and wave good-bye . 
 then i climb in and pull my seat belt tight . 
 my father starts the car and backs us out of the driveway , smiling at my mother reassuringly as we pass her . 
 but once we 're in the street , he looks sideways at me . 
 `` sloane , '' he says , his voice low , `` i know you were n't trying to swim . 
 but what i need to know right now is if you 're going to do it . 
 if i have to call the program to make sure your mother 's last living child does n't die . '' 
 `` dad - '' `` do n't lie to me , '' he says , not angry . 
 just tired . 
 `` i just need the truth now . 
 i do n't think i can bear anything else . '' 
 `` i wo n't hurt myself , dad . 
 i ... could n't . '' 
 he stares out at the road as we head toward the hospital . 
 `` thank you . '' 
 and i watch my father , remembering how funny he used to be when brady and i were kids . 
 how he 'd take my brother to r-rated films when he was in middle school , and me out for ice cream when i felt excluded . 
 now he looks older , wilted . 
 the loss of my brother was too much for him , and sometimes i feel like he barely notices me at all anymore-except to make sure i 'm still breathing . 
 when we get to the emergency room , i tell them the trying-to-swim story , staying mostly believable . 
 i have a small , clean break , and they tell me i 'm lucky . 
 lucky . 
 once my cast is set , we leave the hospital to go back home , and my father is silent the entire way . 
 i worry that he 'll never speak to me again . 
 chapter thirteen i wait . 
 the days tick by and i sit alone at lunch , watching the door , avoiding the gaze of the dark-haired handler . 
 my arm is still in a cast , and i tell everyone it was an accident . 
 they accept it with suspicious looks , but nothing more . 
 after all , i 'm smiling and looking pulled together . 
 if i were sick , i could n't do that . 
 i 'm fooling them . 
 i spend more time with my parents , nodding numbly when they talk about the program or comment on the latest news story . 
 suicide has had a surge in london , and they 've implemented their own version of the program . 
 so far it 's been wildly successful , proving that america seems to have developed a treatment . 
 it makes me wonder about the future-the sort of people who will be walking around in twenty years . 
 people who never experienced their teens because those memories were erased . 
 will they be naive ? 
 empty ? 
 i remind myself that james will be okay . 
 he 'll come back and be the same . 
 i have to believe that . 
 after school , i decide to go to the wellness center to gain credits , prove a point . 
 being seen there will show how healthy i am . 
 how involved i am in my own stability . 
 but really , i 'll be waiting for james , knowing he 'll show up sooner or later . 
 the building is located within the middle of the city , a former ymca . 
 it 's brick and old-looking , but the welcome sign is brightly colored , hinting at what 's inside . 
 the program is proud of their returners , of their system that is starting to see increases in voluntary admittance . 
 the wellness center is the perfect front . 
 come see the results , come see how shiny and new you can become . 
 i stand out front , reluctant to go in . 
 i 'm afraid all these healthy people will see right through me , but i do n't have anywhere else to go . 
 i have to be strong . 
 `` you need to sign in , '' the woman behind the desk tells me as i pause in the entry . 
 around her , the large open room is buzzing with activity , as if there 's nothing outside these walls that could harm us . 
 and the walls themselves are bright blue and green-loud and full of energy . 
 i almost smile for real . 
 `` miss ? '' 
 the lady asks , motioning toward the clipboard and the pen attached with yarn . 
 `` sign in for credit . '' 
 i sign my name and address on the paper and then scan the room . 
 i recognize several faces-both returners and normal people . 
 i do n't know any of them that well , or at least , i do n't until i see lacey . 
 she 's on the couch playing video games with evan freeman . 
 there is a handler in the corner , but he 's not the dark-haired one i 'm afraid of . 
 he 's blond , just standing there and watching lacey silently . 
 i think about going over there , introducing myself , but something holds me back . 
 in my head , i know that lacey does n't remember me , and yet , i hope that james will . 
 so if i confirm that lacey does n't know me ... what does that mean ? 
 i 'm clinging to an unlikely expectation , but it 's the only thing keeping me going . 
 every day i feel myself slip more and more , but i 'm holding on . 
 i 'm holding on for james . 
 i wonder if lacey even knows miller is dead , if somewhere inside she misses him . 
 misses all of us . 
 can the program take away our emotions , or do they always remain-only without a source ? 
 on the other side of the room , a group of girls-including kendra phillips-are giggling and drinking diet cokes while sitting at a round table . 
 i make my way over , casting another glance at the handler who seems to have noticed me , before sitting down with the girls . 
 they smile kindly , none of them remembering me as they keep talking , gossiping about boys , clothes , stuff that i ca n't even fathom caring about . 
 but i 've become a pretty good actress , so i laugh at the right moments , roll my eyes when it 's needed . 
 inside , my heart hurts , but i cry only when i 'm alone , on a long drive out in the country after leaving the center . 
 no one is there to wipe my tears and tell me it 'll be okay . 
 for three weeks i follow this pattern : laugh , cry , laugh , cry . 
 i 've become numb , uncomfortably so . 
 but it 's the only way i can survive the time . 
 when i finally get my cast off , i 'm relieved as i stare down at my pale arm . 
 james would have been so concerned if he 'd seen me bandaged up the minute he got back . 
 i hope he hurries . 
 the days tick slowly by . 
 i 'm sitting at the table , painting my nails a horrid shade of pink as the girls talk about evan freeman-how he and lacey are a thing . 
 i do n't react , pretending i do n't know either of them . 
 the door of the center opens , a soft jingle from the bells attached at the top . 
 i 'm concentrating on painting the nail of my ring finger , gazing at the purple heart there . 
 i 'm about to move on to the next nail when i realize that the room has gone quiet . 
 finally . 
 they 've finally come for me . 
 exhausted , i glance up , sure it 's a handler to take me to the program . 
 but instead , the floor feels like it 's dropped out from underneath me . 
 there are handlers in their stiff white coats , but they 're not alone . 
 in between them , with a newly shaved head , is james . 
 he 's wearing a short-sleeved polo shirt , and i can see , even from here , the white marks on his arm . 
 the tattoos have been removed , miller 's name stitched up . 
 james 's eyes scan the room , curious but not intense . 
 not the way he usually looks at things . 
 they do n't even pause on me . 
 he 's back . 
 my james is back . 
 this is the only reason i did n't die . 
 this is the moment that kept me going . 
 james . 
 they walk him to a chair near the vending machines where a couple of guys sit , playing a game of cards . 
 the handlers are letting james have his first bit of social interaction here at the wellness center where it can be monitored . 
 he sits , not saying a word to the people at the table . 
 the handlers do n't look at me , seemingly unaware of my and james 's past . 
 i wonder if that 's true , or if they 're trying not to draw his attention to me . 
 either way , i 'm thankful that the dark-haired handler is n't here . 
 i run my eyes over my boyfriend 's clothes . 
 he looks smaller , as if he 's lost weight while he was gone . 
 i do n't like that they took away his beautiful golden hair , but it 'll grow back . 
 i ache to touch him . 
 i watch his slow movements , my heart pounding , adrenaline racing through my veins . 
 the girls around me start talking again , but it 's quieter , as if they can sense my change . 
 i wait for the right moment to approach james . 
 i wo n't let anyone keep him from me . 
 i have to get close and make him see me . 
 he 'll be fine . 
 he survived and now he 's back . 
 it 's me and him forever . 
 just then james pushes the cards away and stands , murmuring something to the handlers like he wants to leave . 
 panic explodes in my chest . 
 he ca n't leave yet . 
 i jump up , nearly knocking over my soda as james turns to leave . 
 he 's flanked on either side by handlers as they head to the door , but i have to find a way to get his attention . 
 if he can just see me , i know he 'll remember . 
 he 'll ask if i 'm checking him out . 
 he 'll laugh . 
 he 'll remember , i know it . 
 i think about what he would do if he were me . 
 he 'd be reckless . 
 sort of smartassish . 
 i slide off my plastic purple ring and take aim . 
 i wind up and shoot it , pegging james in the back of his shaved head . 
 he stops , rubbing the spot . 
 the handlers keep going , walking out the front door as the ring ricochets across the room , landing near the desk . 
 slowly , james turns around , looking for whoever hit him . 
 i 'm in the middle of the room , not trying to hide the fact that it was me . 
 his blue eyes glide over me , and i feel like he knows . 
 i kiss my fingers and hold them up in a wave . 
 waiting . 
 james stares for a second and then rubs at his head again , as if it still stings . 
 then without smiling , without reacting at all , he turns and leaves the wellness center . 
 there 's a knot in my stomach , one that 's tightening . 
 i hope that james will rush back in and acknowledge me , but when he does n't , it 's like my heart stops beating . 
 emptiness , deep and dark , swallows me whole . 
 a tear slides down my cheek , but i do n't bother wiping it . 
 why should i ? 
 why should i even care ? 
 when i take in a breath , it 's a wheeze so filled with pain that the room goes silent . 
 people turn to watch me as i stumble over to pick up my ring from the floor , so bright and hopeful on the linoleum tiles . 
 the corner of the heart is chipped . 
 `` honey ? '' 
 the woman behind the desk asks , the worry thick in her voice . 
 i know i should pull myself together and answer . 
 that i have to . 
 but instead i walk out the door , wishing for the day to end . 
 the first time james kissed me we were at the river after my brother had bailed on us to go meet his girlfriend , dana . 
 james asked me to go with him anyway , and although i was nervous , i went . 
 it 'd been nearly three months since my feelings for him changed , since i 'd noticed him . 
 i sat on a towel , skipping stones as james swam out to the small boat dock and did backflips into the water , the sun glistening off his skin . 
 when he came back over to me , he was shivering . 
 `` warm me up , sloane , '' he said playfully , and got down on my towel , his dripping body cold . 
 `` you 're all wet . '' 
 i laughed , trying to push him off as he tackled me . 
 `` now you are too . '' 
 he used the bottom of my shirt to wipe his face , and i giggled , pulling it out of his hands . 
 i was on my back and he hung above me , resting on an elbow , grinning down madly . 
 `` that 's probably the closest you 'll ever come to swimming , '' he said and shook his wet hair out , spraying me with droplets of water . 
 i held up my hands defensively , but when he stopped , his smile started to fade . 
 he was watching me , almost curiously . 
 i furrowed my brow . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` would you let me kiss you ? '' 
 tingles raced over my body and i felt my cheeks warm . 
 i did n't know what to say ... so i just nodded . 
 james grinned , looking nervous . 
 he leaned closer , stopping just when his lips touched mine . 
 i was so scared of what would happen next . 
 my first kiss . 
 `` this is probably a big mistake , '' he murmured , and slid his hand into my hair , cupping the back of my neck . 
 `` i know . '' 
 and then his lips pressed against mine , hot and soft . 
 my arms wrapped around him and i pulled him down and he kissed me harder , his tongue touching mine . 
 it was the most amazing feeling in the world , like an out-of-body experience . 
 we kissed forever , or at least until the sun started to set . 
 when we finally stopped , james collapsed on his back , staring up at the sky . 
 `` well , damn , sloane . '' 
 i laughed , touching my lips with my finger . 
 they felt swollen , but alive . 
 tingly . 
 `` that was fun , '' i managed to say . 
 james turned and looked over at me . 
 `` you know i 'm never going to be able to not kiss you again , right ? '' 
 he said . 
 `` for the rest of my life , every time i look at you , i 'll have to kiss you . '' 
 i smiled . 
 `` the rest of our lives is a long time , james . 
 i 'm sure there will be other lips . '' 
 the minute i said it , i hated the words . 
 but james just slowly shook his head . 
 `` naw , '' he said , rolling to lean over me once again . 
 `` these are the only ones i 'll ever want . '' 
 and he kissed me again . 
 maybe that 's why i find myself at the river now , sitting on the bank watching the water . 
 james had meant what he said , but that part of his life is over . 
 now he 's someone else . 
 now my lips are n't his anymore . 
 he captured me that day . 
 i 'd liked him before , but after that , i could n't go back to avoiding him . 
 we spent every second we could together , even if no one knew . 
 i wonder if things would have turned out differently if we 'd told brady . 
 but then i wonder if my brother hung on as long as he did for us , to make sure we were okay . 
 it was two weeks after my brother died when james told me that he loved me . 
 that he 'd never leave me . 
 that he would save us both . 
 he promised . 
 he promised . 
 my parents ask about james , and i tell them he looks great . 
 i smile . 
 i joke that maybe he 'll be good at math now . 
 it 's so fake that i see my mom and dad exchange a frightened glance , and then i excuse myself to my room . 
 while i lie on my bed , i consider never leaving it again . 
 but what good would that do ? 
 the handlers would just come and take me . 
 when i get up in the morning , i slip into a pair of jeans and a mismatched pair of socks . 
 i do n't bother brushing my teeth or combing my hair . 
 i stare at the cereal in my bowl , not wanting to eat . 
 not wanting to feed this body . 
 the idea of wasting away sounds so good that when my mother is n't looking i dump the food into the sink and leave the house . 
 i skip school . 
 i ca n't even think about meeting with the therapist . 
 listen to the `` good side '' of the program . 
 lie about how i feel about james being back . 
 i wo n't go back to the wellness center again . 
 i do n't want to see james washed out . 
 in a few weeks , he 'll start talking , maybe even smile at someone . 
 i wonder what i 'll do if he gives another girl a plastic heart ring . 
 james does n't know me , not even a flicker of recognition . 
 it 's like i never existed . 
 we had so many secrets together and now they 're just mine . 
 the weight of them is too heavy for me to carry . 
 i park outside of a farm and take out a notebook , writing down my feelings . 
 i have no one to tell anymore-not one person i can trust . 
 i 'm so alone it 's like being dead but still conscious . 
 in forty-five minutes , i 've scribbled down so many words that they start to lose meaning . 
 kiss , death , love , loss ... the words are crashing into each other , and my tears soak the page . 
 then i give into the urge to cross off the words , pressing harder with each pass , making large circles . 
 soon i 've gone through all the pages and i 'm digging into the cardboard cover . 
 i press so hard it 's going through to my lap , scraping against my jeans . 
 my skin . 
 i press as hard as i can , and i whimper because it hurts . 
 but i do n't care . 
 i ca n't care anymore . 
 i wish i were dead . 
 chapter fourteen i 'm chewing on my lip as i drive , tearing at the flesh , wincing when it burns . 
 my lips are chapped from crying in my car day after day , but i do n't care . 
 my hair is knotted and uncombed , and again , i do n't give a goddamn . 
 it 's been four days since james came home . 
 i sit through school but do n't speak . 
 do n't look up . 
 my parents ask me questions that i answer vaguely . 
 they 're worried , but it does n't matter . 
 nothing matters . 
 nothing ever did . 
 i drive by james 's house sometimes . 
 once , i saw him through his living room window , staring out at nothing . 
 i nearly went to the door , but i did n't know what to say . 
 how do you tell someone that you 're the love of their life if they do n't know you ? 
 how could i survive his nonreaction ? 
 when i pull up to my house after another bout of crying , i think about finally ending it . 
 stopping the fear and pain . 
 i 'm angry-angrier than i ever felt , but under that is a sadness i can barely comprehend . 
 i shut off the ignition and climb out of the car , walking lethargically up to the house . 
 my hair is matted to my forehead , hanging partly in my eyes . 
 i do n't brush it back . 
 i like it there because it helps me feel hidden . 
 like i could disappear . 
 i open the front door but the house is quiet . 
 `` i 'm home , '' i say , but do n't bother waiting for an answer . 
 i start up the stairs toward my bedroom when i hear rustling . 
 `` sloane ? '' 
 my mother calls , her voice sounding choked . 
 i pause and turn to look at her . 
 her cardigan is wrapped tightly around her as she hugs herself , her brown eyes large and worried . 
 for a minute i want to tell her that i 'm okay , but i do n't want to lie to her . 
 `` i 'm home , '' i repeat . 
 i 'm about to start up the stairs again , when my father emerges from the living room . 
 his nose is red as if he 's been crying . 
 `` honey , '' he says to me . 
 `` come downstairs . '' 
 his voice is soft , but different . 
 is that ... is that guilt ? 
 my first thought is that james has killed himself . 
 it 's a mixture of devastation and relief . 
 but then behind my father , the door opens . 
 two men , white coats , walk inside the entryway . 
 my chest seizes . 
 `` what are they doing here ? '' 
 i ask , fear creeping over my skin . 
 the handler with the dark hair is in my house . 
 he 's here for me . 
 my mother 's lips quiver . 
 `` we were just so worried , sloane . 
 since james came back , you have n't been the same . 
 and after brady , we could n't take the chance . 
 if you 'd just - '' `` what have you done ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 my dad squeezes his eyes shut , and i can tell that he did n't want to do this . 
 he did n't want to hand me over . 
 i look at my mother again , hoping she can still stop it . 
 `` what have you done , mom ? '' 
 but i 'm so terrified that i ca n't breathe . 
 the handlers walk through the entryway , stomping purposely toward the steps , toward me . 
 with one last betrayed look to my parents , i tear up the stairs . 
 they ca n't take me . 
 they ca n't take me . 
 i burst through my bedroom door and then slam it shut , locking it . 
 i glance toward my window but worry i 'd be too injured in the fall to get away . 
 i look frantically around my room , at all the memories : the pictures of me and my brother . 
 of james . 
 the handlers will take it all . 
 they 'll take everything . 
 behind me someone jiggles the handle and then knocks . 
 bangs . 
 i ca n't escape . 
 and i ca n't bear the thought of losing everything . 
 i ca n't let them have it . 
 i grab the picture of brady and james off my mirror . 
 in it , james is shirtless as usual and grinning widely , his arm over brady 's shoulders , the river behind them . 
 my brother is midlaugh , as if james just said something really funny . 
 i ca n't remember what it was . 
 the banging on my door gets louder and i hear my mother 's voice , pleading with me to open it . 
 to not hurt myself . 
 i slip off my chipped purple ring , kissing it hard . 
 i love you , james , i think . 
 us forever , like you promised . 
 i lift up my mattress , searching for the slit i 'd made years ago when i was trying to hide notes from james . 
 on the other side of the door , my mother announces to them that she 's got the key . 
 just then i find the tear and slip the picture and the ring into it . 
 then i drop my mattress and cover it with the sheet . 
 once i 'm gone , they 'll sanitize my room , but they wo n't look there . 
 i do n't think they 'll look there . 
 when i come back from the program , i 'll find it . 
 and i 'll find james and ask him about it . 
 maybe then we 'll remember who we are . 
 what we meant to each other . 
 i spy a pair of scissors on my dresser , surprised that i did n't notice them before . 
 i consider fighting my way out . 
 stabbing the handlers-especially the one who has been after me from the beginning-and pushing past my parents . 
 refusing to let them take my life from me . 
 i grab the shears , clutching them in my fist . 
 there 's a clicking sound and then the door swings open . 
 my mother swallows hard when she sees the scissors in my hand . 
 my father calls to me , sounding terrified . 
 i back toward the window . 
 my face is hot and my mouth is wet . 
 i think i 'm drooling , overwhelmed with rage as i growl at them . 
 `` miss barstow , '' the dark-haired handler says calmly as he enters . 
 `` put the scissors down . '' 
 he shoots a look to the other handler and they separate , each taking one side of the room to surround me . 
 `` no . '' 
 but my voice is like an animal 's . 
 my father starts to cry again and even though i 'm angry , i ca n't hate him . 
 brady broke him . 
 he ca n't go through it again . 
 `` miss barstow , '' the handler repeats as he grabs for something at his waist . 
 i suddenly realize he must have a taser . 
 and i know it 's over . 
 this life , it 's over . 
 i meet my mother 's eyes and force a bitter smile . 
 `` i 'll never forgive you , '' i murmur . 
 then , just because this is my last moment of having a real emotion , i tighten my grip on my scissors . 
 and i slash my wrist . 
 i fall back against the wall , the pain more immediate than i thought it would be . 
 i close my eyes and feel hands grip me hard on my upper arms . 
 a needle pierces my skin , and within seconds a wave rushes over me , crashing above my head and drowning me in sleep . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 i hear a voice , but i 'm too tired to open my eyes all the way . 
 i try again and fail . 
 the voice laughs softly . 
 `` is there anybody in there ? '' 
 i feel a touch , a pinch in my arm , and then there 's a rush of adrenaline . 
 my eyes fly open and i take in a sudden breath . 
 my arms are tight at my sides , as if tied down . 
 `` ah , there you are , '' the voice says . 
 `` welcome to the program . '' 
 part ii the program chapter one i slowly look to my side , my vision a bit blurry as i wake . 
 next to me , close , is the dark-haired handler . 
 he smiles . 
 `` worried i 'd given you too much thorazine . 
 you 've been out for hours . '' 
 he reaches to brush my hair away from my face . 
 i jump , turning my head violently away , repulsed . 
 `` do n't touch me , '' i hiss . 
 `` do n't you dare touch me . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` miss barstow , i know you 're upset . 
 i know you 're unwell . '' 
 he leans close , his voice a whisper in my ear . 
 `` but it 's no excuse for bad manners . '' 
 i squeeze my eyes shut , thinking that maybe i should feel frightened , sad . 
 but all i can feel is rage . 
 they changed james . 
 lacey . 
 they 're going to change me . 
 `` now , '' the handler says , `` i 'm going to tell the doctor you 're awake . '' 
 he touches my hair again . 
 `` i 'll be seeing you around , sloane . '' 
 my stomach twists when he says my name . 
 i try to turn my body away , but my hands are tied down with leather straps , buckled to the bed . 
 as i move , my wrist hurts , and i remember how i cut myself in my room before they took me . 
 i clench my jaw tighter , listening to the sound of the handler 's feet shuffling across the floor . 
 when i hear the door close , i open my eyes and look around . 
 the room is white , just white . 
 the walls are smooth and unmarked , and there is a chair next to my bed . 
 everything is clean and smells like rubbing alcohol . 
 my heart pounds as i wait . 
 i do n't know what 's going to happen to me . 
 if it 'll hurt when they get inside my head . 
 i lie back against the pillow , letting the sorrow seep in for a second . 
 my parents betrayed me . 
 i hate them , even though i know i should n't . 
 they thought they were saving me , but instead they 've condemned me to a half-lived life . 
 i 'm losing everything . 
 a tear tickles my cheek as it runs down , and i curse myself for not holding it in . 
 i turn my head into my pillow to wipe it and then sniffle , staring at the ceiling . 
 it 's quiet-so quiet that the only sound is my breathing . 
 i wonder if the silence alone can drive me mad . 
 the door opens with a quiet click . 
 i freeze , not sure i want to look . 
 `` good evening , '' a deep voice says . 
 it has the slightest hint of a british accent and it 's calm . 
 almost inviting . 
 i squeeze my eyes shut . 
 `` i 'm dr. francis , '' he says , and i hear chair wheels squeak as he sits down . 
 i 'm afraid to move , but when his warm hands touch my arm , i flinch . 
 then i realize he 's undoing my wrist straps . 
 i look suddenly to my side , where his fingers work to release me . 
 `` i am sorry about this , '' he says as he unbuckles . 
 `` it 's a precaution we have to take for all incoming patients . '' 
 `` i do n't want to be a patient , '' i reply . 
 dr. francis pauses , his green eyes searching my face as he studies me . 
 his brown hair is clipped short and he 's clean shaven . 
 `` sloane , '' he says kindly . 
 `` i know you 're scared , but we really only want to help . 
 you do n't see it , but you 're sick . 
 you even attempted suicide . '' 
 `` no , i did n't . 
 i just did n't want them to take me . '' 
 i do n't mention how i tried to drown in the river . 
 `` we 're not going to hurt you . '' 
 he stands and walks around the bed , pausing at my other strap to undo it . 
 `` we 're going to remove the sickness , sloane . 
 that 's it . '' 
 `` i 've seen the returners , '' i tell him , narrowing my eyes . 
 `` i see exactly what you take . '' 
 when my hands are free , i sit up and rub my wrists , amazed at how much less vulnerable i feel now . 
 but i 'm in hospital scrubs , and i shiver , thinking that the dark-haired handler might have undressed me . 
 dr. francis pulls his eyebrows together with concern . 
 `` everyone who comes into the program is very unwell . '' 
 `` that 's not the point , '' i say . 
 `` we should have a choice . '' 
 `` but how can a proper decision be made when the mind is clouded with disease ? 
 it 's an infection , sloane . 
 a behavioral contagion . 
 and we 're the only cure . '' 
 he pauses as if just realizing how cold he sounds . 
 `` i apologize , '' he says . 
 `` you should get settled first . 
 i 'll have the nurse come in to check on you . '' 
 he nods to me before leaving the room . 
 i 'm still shaking from the shot the handler gave me , but i ca n't help wonder if the doctor is right . 
 maybe i 'm sick and do n't realize it . 
 i lie back in the bed , looking at the gauze wrapped around my wrist and remembering how desperate i felt . 
 but i can also remember the look on the handler 's face when he came to get me-his predatory stare . 
 he 'd been waiting for that moment , waiting to get me here . 
 no . 
 the program is n't the cure . 
 it 's the end of me . 
 `` and this is the leisure room , '' the nurse says , motioning ahead . 
 she 's grandmotherly , even wearing a knit sweater over her scrubs . 
 but i think it 's purposeful , that she 's here to trick me somehow . 
 i wrap my arms tighter around myself , my head still fuzzy , and shuffle behind her into the large room . 
 i 'm dressed in lemon-yellow hospital scrubs with a matching robe , sunny slipper socks on my feet . 
 i 'd prefer something more depressing-maybe black , but i suppose that 's why they picked yellow . 
 the leisure room does n't look the least bit relaxing . 
 unlike the wellness center , this space has no color . 
 it 's stark white and bland , like a black-and-white movie with splashes of yellow . 
 there are about twenty people in here . 
 the program takes patients between the ages of thirteen and seventeen , but most appear to be on the older side . 
 there 's no ping-pong table or chessboard . 
 instead there 's a tv on one side with a couch in front of it . 
 a few tables and chairs are poised near the windows-which i 'm sure are sealed-looking over a lawn . 
 there are a couple of computers with signs that read no internet access . 
 the only thing that looks even slightly appealing is the game of cards going on at a table in the corner , three guys are sitting there , one chomping on a pretzel stick like it 's a cigar . 
 the way they interact-as if they 're friends-floods me with a sudden longing for james and brady . 
 we used to play cards like that . 
 `` which facility is this ? '' 
 i ask , feeling sick . 
 there are three buildings that the program uses . 
 i wonder if this is the same one james was sent to . 
 `` springfield , '' she says . 
 `` roseburg and tigard are nearing full capacity . 
 we can only handle forty patients at a time , so we 're a tightly knit group here . '' 
 she smiles and touches my shoulder . 
 `` we have about an hour before dinner . 
 why do n't you try to make some friends ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` it 's good for your recovery . '' 
 i throw her such a hateful glance that she backs up . 
 friends ? 
 they are about to erase my friends . 
 with a nod , the nurse leaves me there , her grandmotherly facade falling away as she goes about her other duties . 
 i think then that maybe everything here is fake . 
 they offer us a false sense of calm , but there is no such thing . 
 this is the program . 
 i know how dangerous that is . 
 the guy across the room with the pretzel cigar laughs loudly , tossing down his cards . 
 i 'm so stunned to hear the laughter that i just stare , wondering how someone could laugh in a god-awful place like this . 
 just then he glances over and notices me , his smile faltering a little . 
 he tips his head in acknowledgment . 
 i turn away . 
 i walk to the window and sit in the chair there , pulling my knees up to wrap my arms around them . 
 how many people tried to jump out of these windows before they decided to seal them ? 
 i 've never been a fan of heights . 
 back when we were kids , my parents took us to an amusement park , and brady convinced me to go on the ferris wheel with him . 
 i was probably eight or nine , and when we got to the very top , the cart stopped , frozen there . 
 at first brady joked around , rocking the cart back and forth . 
 but he cut it out when i started crying . 
 `` you must be afraid of heights , sloane , '' he said , putting his arm protectively around me . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 he paused then , looking out over the park . 
 `` it 's not good to have fears like this . 
 it only makes it more likely that you 'll die that way-a self-fulfilling prophecy . '' 
 i wiped at my face . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i read it in a book once . 
 so if you keep being afraid of heights , you 'll probably die falling from something . '' 
 i grip the bar tightly , my breath starting to quicken . 
 brady chuckled . 
 `` i do n't mean today . 
 i mean eventually . 
 it 's like the river , sloane . 
 you 're afraid of swimming-so chances are , if you ever fall in , you 'll probably drown . 
 your mind will make it happen . '' 
 i pause now , looking out on the lawn of the program facility . 
 i did n't drown in the river , even when i tried . 
 but my brother did . 
 was it my fault because he knew i feared it ? 
 `` you look like somebody kicked your dog . '' 
 the voice startles me , and i look up to see the guy from the card table standing there . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask , putting my feet on the floor . 
 `` yeah , you 're right , '' he says . 
 `` they probably just erased its memory . 
 good point . '' 
 he smiles . 
 his dyed black hair is shaggy and long , sticking out in random directions , but not in an entirely bad way . 
 the shadows are heavy under his eyes . 
 on his neck , just below his jawline , is a jagged scar . 
 i swallow hard and meet his dark eyes . 
 `` not really in the mood to joke around , '' i say . 
 `` maybe another time . '' 
 i turn toward the window , hoping he 'll go away so i can retreat back into my memories . 
 so that i can think of james . 
 `` okaaaaay , '' the guy says , taking a step back . 
 `` see you around then , sweetness . '' 
 he shakes his head as he leaves , possibly surprised that i did n't want to chat . 
 but i 'm not going to do that here . 
 i 'm not interested in making friends . 
 i 'm interested in getting out . 
 chapter two it 's early when the nurse comes in the next morning , the warm smile back on her face . 
 i slept heavily , which i have no doubt is due to the medication they gave me before bed . 
 `` time for you to meet your therapist , dr. warren , '' she says , taking my arm to help me out of bed . 
 i feel groggy and sway on my feet for a second . 
 `` you 'll really like her , '' she adds . 
 `` fantastic doctor . '' 
 after a quick trip to the bathroom , i return , and the nurse gathers my hair into a ponytail . 
 i do n't stop her because it feels like sandbags are attached to my arms . 
 she slides on my slipper socks and wraps my robe around me . 
 `` okay , honey , '' she says . 
 `` let 's go . 
 we do n't want to be late . '' 
 i blink slowly and walk beside her as she leads me into the hallway . 
 it 's empty except for the dark-haired handler leaning against the wall , his arms crossed over his broad chest . 
 he tilts his head down as i pass . 
 `` good morning , miss barstow . '' 
 i do n't respond , and instead tighten my grip on the nurse 's arm . 
 the handler is always there , always lurking . 
 i 'm afraid i 'll never get away from him again . 
 `` what time is it ? '' 
 i ask the nurse , my voice raspy and thick with sleep . 
 `` you have the first appointment of the day . 
 six a.m. , '' she responds . 
 i think that six in the morning is way too early to expect people to bare their soul , but maybe it 's also a time when i 'm more vulnerable . 
 i clench my jaw , trying to fight back the fear as we pause in front of a wooden door . 
 i do n't know what 's behind it . 
 i do n't know what they 're going to do to me . 
 the nurse opens the door , and i hold my breath , waiting . 
 she ushers me into a small office , clean and white . 
 there 's a comfortable-looking chair poised in front of a large wooden desk . 
 the woman behind the desk rises and smiles at me . 
 `` good morning , sloane , '' she says . 
 her voice is deep , authoritative and protective at the same time . 
 `` morning , '' i mumble , taken aback by how normal the room is . 
 i 'm not sure what i was expecting , but it definitely involved a much scarier scenario-electric-shock machines maybe . 
 `` thank you , nurse kell , '' dr. warren says to the nurse and then offers me a seat . 
 as i collapse in the oversize maroon chair , i spy a glass of water on the good doctor 's desk . 
 next to it is a bright-red pill . 
 doubt it 's for her . 
 my eyes drift up to hers , and she presses her lips into a sympathetic smile . 
 `` you 're angry , '' she says . 
 `` you think ? '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 the question seems so absurd that i do n't know how to answer at first . 
 i stare at her . 
 she 's wearing thin , wired glasses , her dark wavy hair falls perfectly to her shoulders . 
 even her makeup looks flawless , as if she 's not real at all . 
 just an actress on a set . 
 `` i do n't want to be here , '' i say . 
 `` you tried to kill yourself , sloane . '' 
 `` because the handlers were there , '' i shoot back . 
 `` i figured if they were going to take me , they may as well get a show , too . '' 
 the doctor nods with a disappointed expression and glances at the pill . 
 `` i think you should take this before we begin . '' 
 `` and if i do n't ? '' 
 she tilts her head . 
 `` then you do n't . 
 this is n't a trick , sloane . 
 i want to help , but you 're really on edge . '' 
 `` no , i 'm pissed . 
 i want my life back . 
 i want to go home . '' 
 `` and you will , '' she says , leaning forward . 
 `` you will . '' 
 she sounds so earnest that my first instinct is to believe her . 
 people ca n't fake caring like that . 
 or at least they should n't be able to . 
 `` please , '' she adds , motioning to the medication . 
 `` it really will make you feel better . 
 all i want to do is talk . '' 
 i want to go home . 
 i want my bed . 
 i do n't want to give in to the therapy . 
 but if the pill will take away the sadness that is crushing my chest right now , maybe i 'll take it this one time . 
 just to get me through . 
 so i nod , and i pick up the little red pill and swallow it . 
 dr. warren adjusts her glasses and smiles at me . 
 it 's been twenty minutes since i took the medication , and i have to say , my body feels pretty good . 
 my legs are over the side of the chair as i rest my head against the back . 
 my muscles that have been clenched for days are finally relaxed and loose . 
 `` i know that missing james is a main source of pain for you right now , '' dr. warren starts . 
 `` maybe it would help if we talk about him . '' 
 `` and why would i tell you ? '' 
 i ask dreamily , and look past her to where the sun is shining outside the large windows . 
 `` you do n't care about us . '' 
 `` of course i do . 
 i 'm here to help you , sloane . 
 i 've devoted my life to helping stop this epidemic . '' 
 `` right . '' 
 `` i 'd love to hear how you and james met , '' she pressed again . 
 `` he was best friends with '' - i pause , a moment of raw emotion capturing me - `` with my brother , '' i finish . 
 `` the brother who committed suicide ? '' 
 i nod , and slowly the warmth of the medication seeps back in and washes away my pain . 
 i 'm so numb it 's almost euphoric . 
 `` do you blame yourself for brady 's death ? '' 
 i flinch when she uses my brother 's name . 
 the fact that she even knows his name unsettles me . 
 i do n't want to talk about brady , and yet i find myself answering anyway . 
 `` of course , '' i say . 
 `` why ? '' 
 dr. warren leans her elbows on the desk . 
 `` i was there , '' i say , trying to explain . 
 `` if i knew how to swim ... '' `` does james feel guilty too ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i remember how many nights i held james 's head in my lap , watching him cry . 
 listening to him tell me that he 'd let brady down . 
 let me down . 
 i hate the image and i try to push it away , but it 's stuck on a continuous loop that i ca n't stop . 
 like how i ca n't stop myself from telling the doctor this , even though i do n't want to . 
 i 'm compelled to spill my guts-my ravaged , emotional guts . 
 `` so you both took the blame , '' she says . 
 `` took the loss hard . 
 i bet that built quite a bond between you and james . 
 is that how you got together ? '' 
 `` no . 
 we 'd started dating before that . '' 
 the doctor leans forward . 
 `` tell me about it . '' 
 even though something in my head tells me not to talk about him , my emotions overwhelm me . 
 i miss him , and i want to remember what it was like before . 
 for the first time in so long , i 'm allowed to cry . 
 i 'm allowed to let it out . 
 so i close my eyes and lean my head back into the chair . 
 and i tell her about the first time i realized i had feelings for james . 
 `` let me get this straight , '' the doctor says when i finish . 
 `` james tried to avoid the relationship at first ? '' 
 `` passive-aggressively , yes . 
 we both loved my brother and did n't want to piss him off . '' 
 `` then how did you go from that to a relationship ? '' 
 `` it took a while , '' i say , glancing at her . 
 `` even that first day was confusing . 
 after we 'd gotten back to camp , it was awkward . 
 horrible . 
 i figured it 'd pass eventually . 
 then that night , the three of us got into our tent , brady on one side of me , james on the other . 
 it was a huge tent , and brady was curled away from us . 
 but james lay right at my side , his arm nearly , but not quite , touching mine . 
 `` it felt like forever . 
 all i could hear was his breathing , my breathing . 
 i tried to close my eyes , but my body was tingling . 
 i sensed him looking at me , and swallowed hard , wishing i could be asleep already . 
 and just then , his hand brushed mine , so lightly , it was like nothing at all . 
 i hitched in a breath and turned sideways , only to find him staring back . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` his blue eyes were so confused , and i thought he was going to kiss me . '' 
 `` did he ? '' 
 dr. warren asks . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` nope . 
 instead he swore and then climbed up , grabbing his sleeping bag and his backpack . 
 he unzipped the tent flap and went outside . 
 he ended up sleeping in the car that night . '' 
 dr. warren pulls her eyebrows together . 
 `` why would he do that ? 
 were you upset ? '' 
 `` well , i definitely did n't sleep well . 
 i felt guilty and embarrassed . 
 later james told me that when he touched me , when i looked at him , he got a hard-on . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` so he 's a romantic ? '' 
 dr. warren grins . 
 `` that 's just james . 
 he actually meant it as a compliment . 
 but he was set on not liking me . 
 so he went to sleep in the car . 
 he was hoping i had n't noticed-which i did n't . 
 i wish i had , though , because i spent the next few weeks feeling miserable . 
 like i 'd done something wrong . '' 
 the timer on her desk goes off , and dr. warren smiles at me again . 
 `` fascinating story , sloane . 
 i hope tomorrow i can hear more . '' 
 i nod , feeling decent for the first time in weeks . 
 talking about james helped , as if he were here with me-the old james . 
 the one i 've missed so desperately . 
 although it might be naive , for a second i think it 'll be okay . 
 that maybe dr. warren really does want to help me . 
 `` wait , '' she says , handing me a dixie cup . 
 i glance inside and see a yellow pill . 
 `` take this , sloane . '' 
 `` but - '' `` it 'll help the feeling last longer , '' she says , and smiles . 
 i do n't want to go back to the misery i felt when i walked in here , so i swallow it and leave . 
 as i 'm walking down the hallway , heading back to my room , i feel a wave of dizziness . 
 i rest my palm on the cool tile of the wall to balance myself . 
 a streak of fear races through me . 
 oh , no . 
 what was in that pill ? 
 i touch my forehead , thinking back on the session . 
 but as i search my memories , i become disoriented and the world seems to tip sideways . 
 a hand touches my elbow . 
 `` let 's get you back to your room , miss barstow . '' 
 i look over to see the dark-haired handler , a sinister smile on his lips . 
 i yank my arm out of his grip . 
 `` leave me alone . '' 
 `` now , now , '' he says , teasingly . 
 `` let 's not be difficult . 
 i can restrain you again . '' 
 but i 'm not going to let him intimidate me . 
 threaten me . 
 the program ca n't have me . 
 so i swing out my arm , punching the left side of his jaw . 
 he immediately recovers and twists my hand up behind my back , cursing under his breath as he slams me against the wall . 
 when there 's a sudden pinch in my arm , the sedative , i laugh . 
 `` i do n't care how many drugs you and the doctors give me , '' i say . 
 `` i 'll never let you take my memories . '' 
 the handler leans in , his breath warm on my ear . 
 `` you stupid girl , '' he whispers . 
 `` we already have . '' 
 and then i sleep . 
 chapter three i 'm in my chair by the window again , the same one i 've sat in for three days . 
 the sky is overcast and i 'm glad . 
 it 's a bitter feeling , something like `` if i ca n't be happy , no one should . '' 
 i wonder what james is doing , but then i push the thought away , remembering that he does n't know me anymore . 
 `` i 'm guessing another kicked-dog joke would be in bad taste , right ? '' 
 i do n't turn toward the guy 's voice , and instead continue to stare outside . 
 i might even appear catatonic . 
 `` are you always so mean ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` yes , '' i answer automatically . 
 i wish he would go away . 
 i wish they all would go away . 
 `` charming . 
 so anyway , i brought you this and wanted to invite you to our card game tonight if you 're up for it . 
 but leave your horns and pitchfork behind . '' 
 he sets a large pretzel stick on the table next to me and i look at it , but not at him . 
 `` very exclusive card game , i might add . '' 
 i can hear the smile in his voice . 
 i lean over and pick up the pretzel stick , examining it for a second before taking a bite . 
 i say nothing and go back to watching the darkening clouds outside of the window . 
 i hope it rains soon . 
 `` you 're welcome , '' the guy says , sounding defeated . 
 `` maybe i 'll see you later . '' 
 i wait until he 's gone before looking up . 
 he 's on the couch with a red-headed girl , laughing hysterically , as if we were n't in the program . 
 as if this was a party in someone 's parents ' basement . 
 the pretzel becomes dry in my mouth and i think i might choke on it . 
 and just then , the guy glances over his shoulder at me , his dark eyes concerned , and i turn away again . 
 `` when did you and james start dating ? '' 
 dr. warren asks . 
 i sit back , looking her over as the medication makes the edges of my vision hazy . 
 the doctor has her hair pulled up into a bun , her makeup and pantsuit paired nicely . 
 she 's perfect . 
 she 's fake . 
 i 've been in the program for close to a week now . 
 i take the pills when they 're offered , opting to sleep rather than live an actual life . 
 even though i do n't trust dr. warren-not even a little-i took the pill sitting on her desk when i walked in . 
 in therapy , it 's like my past is more attainable , as if the medication can help me zero in with clarity . 
 and when i 'm with james in my head , i 'm not so lonely anymore . 
 `` i do n't feel like talking today , '' i say , wanting to keep the thoughts to myself . 
 she sighs . 
 `` that 's understandable . 
 but i 'm just really curious about you two . 
 he 's such a source of anger . '' 
 `` no , he 's not , '' i say instantly . 
 `` he 's the only thing i care about anymore . '' 
 `` but you 're angry . '' 
 `` because you took him . 
 you changed him . '' 
 `` i did n't do those things . 
 james was at another facility . 
 but i 've had a chance to look through his file . '' 
 she lowers her voice . 
 `` it says that james attempted suicide in the program . 
 would you rather he was dead ? '' 
 her words cut through me and i touch my chest , startled . 
 james tried to kill himself ? 
 oh my god , the thought of it , just the thought makes tears stream from my eyes . 
 `` no , '' i whisper . 
 `` i would n't want him dead . '' 
 `` that 's good , sloane , '' she says , like it answers a question . 
 `` that how you 're supposed to react when someone wants to kill himself . 
 now , tell me more about james . 
 it 'll make you feel better , i promise . '' 
 i sniffle , putting my forearm over my face as i think back on my and james 's life together . 
 `` i used to avoid him , '' i start , relaxing into the medication . 
 `` he 'd be at the house with brady , and i would duck out of the room , or just pretend he was n't there . 
 a few times he asked if i was okay , but i could n't look him in the eyes after the camping thing . 
 brady told me i was acting weird . '' 
 i laugh softly and lower my arm , remembering the face my brother would make when he said it . 
 `` after a few weeks , '' i continue , `` james got annoyed . 
 he even paid brady five bucks to get him to call me into the room with them . 
 i thought he was making fun of me , but when i stormed off , things changed . '' 
 `` how so ? '' 
 dr. warren asks . 
 `` james followed me upstairs , telling my brother he was coming to apologize . 
 when he knocked on my door , i did n't want to let him in at first . 
 but he said please . '' 
 i smile , still able to hear his voice in head . 
 hear the soft , desperate way his words struck my heart . 
 i was helpless to resist him , even then . 
 i wait before telling dr. warren the rest , wait as the drugs course through my veins , enveloping me in calm . 
 i want to tell her everything . 
 but first , i relive the moment for myself , seeking my own safe place in the program . 
 when i opened my bedroom door , i found james leaning against the frame , looking utterly miserable . 
 `` you hate me , '' he said . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then why are you ignoring me ? '' 
 i was thrown off , and looked past him into the hall to make sure no one was around . 
 `` what do you care ? '' 
 i asked . 
 `` you already told me i was n't allowed to ... '' i motioned between the two of us , my face burning with embarrassment . 
 `` yeah , i say a lot of stupid things , sloane . 
 why did you listen to that one ? '' 
 i stepped back then , confused . 
 was he ... ? 
 did he ... ? 
 james pushed my door open wider and walked in , closing it behind him . 
 i stared at him , not sure what he was going to do . 
 `` here 's the thing , '' he said . 
 `` i do n't want to like you . '' 
 my heart sunk . 
 `` i do n't even want to notice you 're pretty . 
 i want to tackle you in the dirt and make fun of your hair . 
 i should n't be thinking about putting my arms around you . 
 and i sure as hell should n't be thinking about kissing you right now . '' 
 i tiny gasp escaped my lips , and my entire body warmed at his confession . 
 but i was terrified of what would happen next , what it would mean . 
 `` you ca n't kiss me , '' i said , taking another step back . 
 `` you 'll ruin everything . '' 
 `` i know ! '' 
 he agreed . 
 he looked around my room , clearly annoyed , and then back at me . 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 he asked me . 
 `` me ? '' 
 `` god , '' he said , ignoring my question . 
 `` do you know how many girls i do n't like ? 
 and then the one i do ... it 's my best friend 's little sister ? '' 
 butterflies went crazy in my stomach . 
 `` you like me ? '' 
 his eyes met mine , and then he furrowed his brow like he thought i was stupid . 
 `` yes , sloane . '' 
 `` and you 're being mean to me because ... '' then suddenly , james 's face cleared and he laughed . 
 `` i do n't know exactly . 
 but i 've been trying to not like you since you gave me a hard-on in the tent so - '' `` what ? '' 
 `` do n't worry about it . 
 okay , so listen . 
 we 're not going to kiss or anything , '' he said , as if i 'd propositioned him . 
 `` maybe ... i do n't know , maybe if we hang out-just the two of us-we 'll realize that we do n't really like each other . 
 you could end up hating me . 
 i can be a total shithead . '' 
 my mouth twitched with a smile . 
 `` james , i 've known you since i was in second grade . 
 i 'm not sure spending more time together is a great idea . '' 
 he watched me for a while , thinking it over . 
 `` probably not , '' he said quietly . 
 `` but i want to anyway . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` come here . '' 
 i widened my eyes , startled . 
 i thought he said we would n't kiss . 
 `` no . '' 
 james did n't wait and instead moved to wrap his arms around me , pulling me into a hug . 
 he rested his cheek on the top of my head , and i was n't sure what to do . 
 we did n't move for a long moment , and eventually i slid my hands from my side and put them around his waist . 
 he sighed when i did . 
 `` freaking hell , sloane , '' he breathed into my hair . 
 `` we 're gon na end up making a mess of things . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he squeezed me one more time and then dropped his arms , turning and leaving the room without another look back at me . 
 i was stunned , standing there alone in my room . 
 but after a moment , i put my hand over my heart and smiled . 
 i startle when the buzzer sounds the minute i 'm done talking , signaling the end of therapy . 
 i feel better , the remembered moments with james enough to make me want to live another day . 
 even if it 's just today . 
 i stand to leave when dr. warren calls my name . 
 i turn back and she smiles , sliding the dixie cup with a yellow pill toward me . 
 `` you forgot your medication , '' she says . 
 even though the calming effects of the last pill are still heavy in my system , i get a sudden sense that something is wrong . 
 i look down at the medication , trying to figure out what 's really going on . 
 `` what 's in the pills ? '' 
 i ask , narrowing my eyes at dr. warren . 
 `` i told you , just something to relax you . '' 
 `` then i do n't need it , '' i say . 
 `` the last dose is still with me . '' 
 her expression does n't falter . 
 `` take the pill , sloane . '' 
 my heart kicks up its beats , and i move back a step . 
 `` no . '' 
 dr. warren removes her glasses , setting them beside her before folding her hands on the desk . 
 `` this is an important step in your recovery , '' she says . 
 `` you must take it or we 'll have to give it to you intravenously . 
 and that 's never pleasant . '' 
 `` you 'd force me ? '' 
 i ask . 
 even though i knew the situation all along , knew that i was in the program against my will , the idea of being physically restrained again is enough to make me panic . 
 `` this is treatment , '' dr. warren says . 
 `` think of it as your antibiotic . 
 we need to treat the virus , and then you 'll be free of it . 
 take the pill and go home , sloane . 
 it 's as simple as that . '' 
 i consider arguing , fighting my way out . 
 but there 's nothing outside this office but the stark white halls of the program . 
 and so i throw the doctor a hateful glare and lean forward to grab the yellow pill , swallowing it down before walking out . 
 chapter four it 's nearly dinnertime when nurse kell comes in to get me , saying that dr. warren has denied my request to eat in my room . 
 the nurse helps me get dressed because i 'm still groggy from my therapy session . 
 i 'm not sure i 've had one clear moment since coming to the program . 
 nurse kell holds my arm as we walk to the dining room , and the moving around actually helps me wake up a little . 
 i try to think back on where the day went , but it 's all a blur . 
 `` stop drugging me , '' i mumble . 
 `` it 's too strong . '' 
 nurse kell looks concerned . 
 `` oh , dear . 
 well , i 'll certainly mention it to dr. francis . 
 maybe he can change your dose . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say , pulling my arm from hers now that i can stand on my own . 
 `` i 'm sure he will . '' 
 i turn away and head toward the serving line , looking over the different foods set out on trays . 
 i do n't want to eat . 
 i do n't want to talk . 
 what i want is to take this tray and smash things with it , but i know that wo n't get me home any faster . 
 i grab my food and head to a table in the corner and sit down . 
 i want to go home . 
 i just want to go home . 
 `` are you going to eat or are you a starver ? '' 
 i look up to see the guy from the leisure room , the one who gave me a pretzel , standing at the end of my table with a tray . 
 `` a starver ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` it 's pretty common around here . '' 
 i glance around , noticing how several patients are just poking at their food with plastic spoons . 
 it makes sense , i guess . 
 with no will to live , why eat ? 
 `` how can i resist a menu like this ? '' 
 i murmur , looking down at my plate . 
 there are chunks of meat and potatoes in gravy , along with a side of broccoli and orange jell-o . 
 the guy laughs . 
 `` so you 're funny ? 
 that 's refreshing . 
 mind if i sit ? '' 
 i do n't really care either way , so i just shrug . 
 the guy pulls out the chair across from me and then exhales heavily . 
 `` my name 's realm , '' he says . 
 `` realm ? '' 
 i look at him . 
 `` it 's mike realm , but everyone just calls me realm . '' 
 `` so can i call you mike ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 my mouth twitches with a smile , but i immediately straighten my expression . 
 `` it 's okay sometimes , '' realm says , grabbing the roll off his tray and dipping it in the mashed potatoes . 
 `` your face wo n't break if you smile . '' 
 i look him over . 
 his hair is crazy , but now i see it 's styled that way . 
 the scar on his neck stands out pink against his skin , and he still has shadows under his eyes like he 's been inside too long . 
 but he 's cute-i 'm sure under normal circumstances he is . 
 `` if i smile they 'll think they got to me . '' 
 realm pauses before answering . 
 `` and that 's a bad thing ? 
 you want to stay here ? '' 
 `` no . 
 but i do n't want them to win , either . '' 
 `` ah , well , sweetness . 
 you 're gon na have to decide which you want more if you plan on going home . '' 
 he takes a bite , chewing slowly before talking to me again . 
 `` what 's your name ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i tried to steal your chart , but i got busted . '' 
 `` you were going to steal it ? '' 
 he nods as if he 's proud . 
 `` my name 's sloane barstow , but you can call me sloane . '' 
 `` ca n't call you barstow ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 realm does n't go on , and he finishes his food in silence while i pick at mine . 
 `` if you eat more , '' he says , wiping his mouth with a paper napkin , `` the drugs wo n't hit you as hard . 
 i 'm guessing they 've got you pretty doped up . 
 keeping you under control . '' 
 `` seeing that i ca n't remember large chunks of time , you 're probably right . '' 
 i take a bite of my now-cold mashed potatoes . 
 `` what color pills do you take ? '' 
 he asks , leaning forward on his elbows . 
 `` red before therapy , yellow after . '' 
 he nods and looks away , fidgeting with the hem of his scrubs . 
 `` and then , '' i continue , `` there 's what the handler gives me . '' 
 realm looks up suddenly and tilts his head . 
 `` what ? 
 what do you mean ? '' 
 i take a sip of my milk and flip my gaze over to where the dark-haired handler is standing , not looking at me for once . 
 `` the one by the door , '' i say behind my cup . 
 `` he injects me with sedatives . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 realm says loud enough to earn a few stares . 
 `` that ass ** le ! 
 what 's he giving you ? '' 
 `` i do n't know exactly , '' i say . 
 `` but it pretty much just knocks me out where i stand . '' 
 realm ducks his head as he lowers his voice . 
 `` are you being serious about this ? '' 
 i scoff . 
 `` why would i lie to you ? 
 to impress you with my tales of program misadventures ? 
 yes . 
 he injected me the day i came here , and again in the hall after therapy . 
 i have n't seen him today , at least not until now . '' 
 `` sloane , '' realm whispers , his dark eyes a different shade of worry . 
 `` if he does that again , if he hurts you , you need to tell dr. warren . '' 
 `` i tried . 
 but she - '' `` tell her i made you tell . 
 she 'll believe me . '' 
 realm looks around then , noticing how others have finished their dinner and are headed out to watch tv or play cards . 
 `` i should go , '' he says like he does n't want to . 
 `` but remember , the card game invitation stands , okay ? '' 
 i nod , having forgotten until he mentioned it . 
 i watch as he leaves and notice that he goes out of his way to walk past the handler . 
 when he passes , realm looks sideways at him with a death stare , and for a second i think he 's going to get in a fight . 
 but instead , the dark-haired handler , the one i 'm scared of , pushes off from the wall and leaves the room . 
 it 's odd that realm has that effect on him , but then again , maybe they 've gotten into it before . 
 realm did seem pretty pissed when i mentioned the handler drugging me . 
 i decide then that realm is someone i should stay close to for a while . 
 at least until i figure out how to navigate the program on my own . 
 `` you made it , '' realm calls the minute i stop at their makeshift card table . 
 the other guys stare up at me with eager eyes , but i pretend not to notice . 
 realm pushes the kid nearest to him over and grabs a chair for me , sliding it in its place . 
 `` i was sitting there , '' the other guy says . 
 `` and now you 're not . '' 
 realm collects all the cards , even though it seemed as if they were mid-hand . 
 he starts reshuffling them . 
 i sit next to him , feeling the stares of everyone at the table on me . 
 `` you let her join and not me ? '' 
 a girl 's voice cuts through the air . 
 a redhead stands across from me , pointing her finger in my direction . 
 `` i thought you said no new members , realm ? '' 
 he tilts his head like he 's trying to apologize , but i hear the guy next to me suppress a laugh . 
 `` my darling tabitha , '' realm begins , `` i 've told you that we are very exclusive . 
 but i promise , if sloane drops out , you can have her spot . '' 
 she shoots me a vicious glare . 
 `` oh , i - '' i start to say as i stand , but realm catches my thigh and eases me back down . 
 when i look at tabitha again , her eyes are angry . 
 `` whatever . 
 you 're a bunch of losers anyway . '' 
 `` nice chatting with you , tabby , '' one of the guys at the table calls out as she walks away . 
 `` do n't mind her , '' realm says as he deals the hand . 
 `` she 's always bitchy , and no , she 's not going to do something horrible to you later . 
 she 's going to forget . 
 she always forgets , which is why we do n't let her play . 
 she can never remember the rules . '' 
 something about the coldness of this statement hits me , and i 'm ready to run away . 
 realm must notice because he looks at me . 
 `` it 's a side effect of her suicide attempt . 
 she took quikdeath and , even though they revived her , she has some brain damage . 
 she 's getting better , though , which is why she remembered me saying she ca n't play . 
 but twenty bucks says she 's back here tomorrow asking why you can play and she ca n't . '' 
 `` enough whispering , '' the guy next to me says . 
 `` deal the cards . '' 
 realm smiles at him , and then grabs a pretzel and balances it between his lips . 
 `` boys , this is sloane . 
 hands off . '' 
 they all laugh , shooting odd looks at realm , and i wonder if i 've somehow been claimed . 
 but then realm introduces me to derek and shep . 
 they seem all right-although shep 's bo is a little strong next to me . 
 he 's fifteen , and derek is seventeen . 
 they 've all been here close to three weeks , hoping to get out in six . 
 from what i can tell they look pretty balanced , other than the fact that shep is scratching absently at his thigh to the point where i think he 's going to draw blood from underneath his scrubs . 
 realm offers me a pretzel , but i shake my head . 
 `` so what 's the game ? '' 
 i ask as they pick up their cards . 
 realm smiles , not looking at me . 
 `` what else ? 
 bullshit . '' 
 they all start laughing , and i remember the game from junior high . 
 james , brady , and i would sit around my kitchen table and play when my parents were out . 
 sometimes lacey would come by and join us . 
 james used to be the master at this game . 
 he knew just how to act and would trick us all into calling bullshit , only to prove he was telling the truth . 
 thinking about that now , my cards shake in my hand . 
 `` you know how to play ? '' 
 realm asks . 
 i nod but ca n't answer . 
 `` bullshit , sloane ! '' 
 james would yell out , slapping his hand on the table . 
 `` you are the worst liar ever ! '' 
 he and brady would laugh hysterically , and i would n't even bother flipping over my cards . 
 i would just pick up the deck . 
 it got to the point where i would n't try to lie because james would always bust me . 
 every time . 
 `` your turn , '' realm says , nudging my elbow . 
 i glance at my hand and see that i 'm supposed to come up with a ten . 
 i have the ten of clubs , but i pull out a two of diamonds and set it down . 
 `` one ten , '' i say . 
 there 's only the briefest moment of silence before shep moves next to me . 
 `` one jack , '' he says . 
 derek goes after him and the game continues , but i stare at my ten . 
 there 's no one to call me on my bullshit anymore . 
 chapter five it 's monday morning , a week and a half into the program , and dr. warren is sitting behind her desk , smiling kindly . 
 before the appointment i tried to eat as much food as possible , hoping it would weaken the effect of the drugs . 
 but my body has already begun to feel heavy , making me sag into the chair . 
 `` did you and james have a physical relationship ? '' 
 the doctor asks . 
 i laugh . 
 `` they do n't have sports at my school . '' 
 `` that 's not what i mean , sloane . '' 
 obviously i know what she meant , but it is n't any of her business . 
 i do n't trust dr. warren . 
 `` what 's in the pills ? '' 
 i ask . 
 she sighs . 
 `` we go over this every time . 
 and the answer is always the same . 
 they 're just something to relax you . '' 
 i shake my head slowly . 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` it 's more than that . 
 it makes me talk to you , even if i do n't want to . '' 
 dr. warren watches me for a long moment , her eyes scanning me as if weighing out her answer . 
 `` let 's get back to james , '' she says . 
 `` is n't that what you really want to talk about ? '' 
 i wince at his name , reminded again of how much i miss him . 
 the room is becoming transparent , my memories clearer than the world around me . 
 i 'd do anything to get back to him . 
 `` yes , '' i say , giving up on my question . 
 `` james and i had a physical relationship . 
 he 's the physical type . '' 
 `` i can gather that much . '' 
 i do n't like the way she says it , as if without james i 'd still be a virgin and at home with my parents right now , baking cookies . 
 `` i 'm the one who wanted him , if you must know . 
 he would have been fine with waiting '' - i pause at this - `` well , he would have been fine with waiting a little longer at least . '' 
 `` were you careful ? '' 
 i curl my lip . 
 `` yes , mom . 
 we always used a condom because we would never want to bring a kid into this messed-up world . '' 
 `` condoms are n't always - '' `` look , '' i say , `` i know the statistics , but i hardly have to worry about it now , do i ? '' 
 my voice takes on a hard edge , and dr. warren glances away . 
 i 'm angry at the way she 's portraying james , and i want to set her straight . 
 i want to tell her that she could only dream of having someone like him in her life . 
 `` perhaps we can talk about your first kiss . '' 
 scoffing , i curl up in the chair . 
 the drugs are loosening my clenched muscles , taking away my inhibitions . 
 `` did you kiss him first ? '' 
 dr. warren asks , like she 's my best friend . 
 `` no , '' i say , my heartbeat loud in my ears . 
 `` i would 've been too scared . 
 too shy . 
 james was so hot-and-cold then . 
 i did n't know what to think . '' 
 dr. warren leans back in her chair , her arms folding over her chest as she starts to smile . 
 `` tell me about it , sloane . 
 tell me everything . '' 
 i realize that she 's right ; i do want to talk about james . 
 and the minute i start , i 'm ready to stay with him forever . 
 even if only in my mind . 
 `` he would send me notes , '' i say . 
 `` after he admitted his feelings , he would leave notes under my pillow . 
 letters that he was writing to me . 
 at first it seemed more like he was yelling at me . 
 he 'd comment on how much he hated liking me , but then in the next line explain it was because he spent all of his time missing me . 
 i was never so confused in my whole life . 
 i never wrote back , but his letters kept coming , as if he was arguing with himself . 
 soon they became less angry . 
 sweeter . 
 he 'd compliment something i wore to school , say how he thought about kissing me . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` he talked a lot about kissing me . 
 said that maybe we could sneak off and see a movie , just the two of us . '' 
 dr. warren writes in the file . 
 `` james sounds complicated . '' 
 `` he 's the opposite , actually . 
 he wants things simple , and me and him dating ... that complicated everything . '' 
 `` how long did the letters go on ? '' 
 `` almost every day for about a month . 
 but after a few weeks of them , i started to stay in the same room with him . 
 we would joke and actually make eye contact again . 
 brady said he was glad that i was done acting weird , and i felt like he knew . 
 that he had to see the way james and i looked at each other . 
 `` the first time james and i kissed , '' i say , `` he told me that from then on he 'd always have to kiss me . 
 just me . 
 i felt so special , so loved . 
 i replayed that moment in my head nonstop . 
 but then i started to worry that maybe i 'd read too much into the kiss . 
 i was so afraid of losing him , and he was n't even mine yet . 
 `` a week later james came by to pick up me and brady for a day at the river , but my brother backed out at the last minute-said he had a date , but that james and i should go ahead . 
 we 'd barely waited for him to leave the room before we took off , but i was nervous . 
 james had n't mentioned the kiss , and i had n't gotten any more letters . 
 `` james drove us out there , and we did n't speak on the way . 
 i was wearing my bathing suit under a t-shirt and shorts , even though i did n't plan to go in the water . 
 it was like we were pretending to still go through the motions of a normal saturday . 
 when we got there , james laid out a beach blanket for us , dropped a few snacks from his backpack on it , and then stripped to his suit . 
 he went swimming , leaving me there . '' 
 `` but why did he act so cold when he 'd already kissed you ? '' 
 dr. warren asks . 
 i meet her eyes . 
 `` james ... as strong as he is , has serious abandonment issues . 
 when he was eight , his mother left him in her car at the train station . '' 
 i swallow hard , feeling his pain . 
 `` she never came back . 
 instead someone had heard him crying , called the police . 
 after that , i 'm not sure he trusts anyone . 
 only me and brady . '' 
 i sniffle . 
 `` and brady failed him too . '' 
 dr. warren nods as if she understands , but i do n't think she does . 
 no one understands james except me . 
 `` and what happened at the river that day ? '' 
 she asks softly . 
 `` while james was in the water , '' i start again , `` i considered hiding his clothes-a little joke to put us in a good mood , something to break the awkward silence . 
 so i grabbed his shorts and stood , ready to run off with them . 
 but then something fell out of his pocket and landed in the grass . '' 
 `` what was it ? '' 
 dr. warren asks , looking riveted . 
 `` a ring . 
 a stupid , plastic ring with sparkles . 
 i 'd held it in my hands , wondering what he was doing with it . 
 i sat back down on the blanket and examined it , jealous about the girl it must have belonged to . 
 then i felt a drip of water and saw james standing above me , running a towel over his hair . '' 
 i let the memory unfold as dr. warren listens , my words tumbling out without my permission . 
 inside , i can see it all , i can remember every second . 
 `` what do you have ? '' 
 james asked . 
 when he saw the ring , he tossed his towel aside . 
 `` you going through my pockets , sloane ? '' 
 `` no , i ... '' but i stopped , feeling jealous . 
 `` whose ring is this ? '' 
 james laughed and then sat down next to me , his thigh pressed against mine as he reached to pluck the ring from my hand . 
 `` you should n't snoop , '' he murmured . 
 `` you 're not going to answer ? '' 
 he looked sideways . 
 `` it 's for you , stupid , '' he said with a smile . 
 `` i got it for you . '' 
 i stared at him , trying to decide if he was telling the truth , but then he took the ring from my hand and slid it onto my finger . 
 james leaned forward , pausing when he got really close to me . 
 `` can we kiss now ? '' 
 he asked . 
 `` is that okay ? '' 
 i close my eyes as i sit across from dr. warren , remembering how warm james 's mouth was on mine , how his tongue touched my lips before i opened them , letting him in . 
 letting him lay me back on the blanket as his mouth found mine , again and again , always gentle , yet urgent . 
 i 'll never feel that passion from james again . 
 i 'll never be that girl again . 
 tears start to stream down my cheeks as i cry , missing james . 
 missing myself . 
 i wish everything could just go back to the way it was , but instead i 'm slowly losing everything-i 'm witnessing my own death . 
 dr. warren does n't say anything , but she hands me the yellow pill . 
 i take it gratefully , wanting to sleep . 
 wanting to feel better . 
 but never wanting to forget . 
 `` wakey , wakey , '' a voice whispers in my ear . 
 my eyelids feel heavy as i try to lift them , and when i turn to the voice i feel warm breath on my face . 
 `` you 've been out too long , miss barstow . 
 they asked me to come retrieve you . '' 
 my eyes fly open , and i see the dark-haired handler leaning over my bed . 
 i reach out to push him away , but he catches my wrists . 
 `` do n't fight , '' he soothes . 
 `` i 'm not going to hurt you . 
 i only like the willing . '' 
 i yank my arm from his , accidently hitting myself in the mouth . 
 i wince and touch at my lip , seeing a bit of blood there . 
 the handler tsks . 
 `` you should be more careful . '' 
 he walks over to my closet and pulls out a clean pair of scrubs and my robe , laying it over the bed . 
 `` help you get dressed ? '' 
 `` hell no , '' i say , sitting up in the bed . 
 `` and i 'm pretty sure this is sexual harassment . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` how so ? '' 
 i 'm not sure if making my skin crawl is enough of a reason to file charges , but i wo n't mind taking the chance . 
 `` get out or i 'll call nurse kell , '' i say , motioning to the door . 
 the handler shrugs . 
 `` if you want . '' 
 he starts walking that way and then stops , looking back at me . 
 `` but what if i can offer you something ? '' 
 `` i do n't want anything from you . '' 
 `` not even a memory ? '' 
 i pause , but then push back the blankets to climb out of the bed . 
 `` what do you mean ? '' 
 the handler beams under my attention . 
 `` if i can save you a memory , something you could take out of here with you , would it be worth it ? '' 
 i swallow down the sick feeling in my stomach . 
 `` would what be worth it ? '' 
 his eyes narrow deviously then , scanning over my body . 
 i instinctively fold my arms over my chest and step back from him . 
 `` being friends , '' he says , but the tone is nothing short of sinister . 
 `` just leave , '' i snap , pointing behind him . 
 he nods , not looking fazed in the least . 
 `` you think about it , sloane . 
 if you change your mind , you know where to find me . '' 
 `` drop dead . '' 
 he opens the door , but as he walks out , he says nonchalantly , `` wonder how much you 've lost already . '' 
 and then he 's gone . 
 i stand there , staring at the closed door . 
 what i 've lost ? 
 i look suddenly to my hand , but the finger is naked . 
 the purple heart ring that i always wear is at home in my mattress . 
 i would n't forget that . 
 james gave it to me when ... i stop , thinking . 
 a spike of fear rushes over me . 
 he gave it when ... oh , god . 
 i cover my mouth , realizing for the first time that a memory is gone . 
 i stumble back against my bed , my mind racing over everything i can think of . 
 the ring . 
 how did i get the ring ? 
 there 's a quick knock at the door . 
 i 'm sure it 's the handler , so i yell out for him to go away . 
 the door opens , and dr. francis is standing there , his eyebrows pulled together . 
 `` sloane , '' he says carefully , `` roger said he could n't get you to come out of your room . 
 is something the matter ? '' 
 yes , there is so much the matter that i would n't know where to start . 
 but i ca n't turn in roger for being a creep . 
 not yet . 
 not in case he can help me . 
 i clear my throat and straighten , putting on a calm exterior . 
 let 's see if dr. francis can call bullshit . 
 `` he woke me up and i was cranky , '' i say . 
 `` i think my medication is too strong . '' 
 dr. francis purses his lips as if thinking this over . 
 `` maybe you just need to get used to the dosage . '' 
 `` maybe , '' i respond , my voice bitter . 
 he nods then , stepping away from the door . 
 `` it 's time for lunch , and the staff is concerned that you 're not eating enough . 
 nurse kell tells me you 've lost four pounds since arriving . '' 
 `` no fast food , '' i respond . 
 `` bring on the chicken nuggets , and i 'll eat the hell out of them . '' 
 he laughs then , looking relieved that i can make a lame joke after all . 
 `` i 'll see what i can do , '' he says . 
 `` and i 'll adjust your medication dosage . 
 we want you to feel comfortable . 
 i know this is a difficult transition . '' 
 i smile , clenching my teeth so hard i 'm afraid they 'll break . 
 a difficult transition ? 
 yeah , that 's a fair assessment . 
 dr. francis waits as i go in the bathroom and change into my clean scrubs , wrapping my robe tightly around me . 
 i still try to search my mind for the story of the ring , but i know it 's gone . 
 i 've lost a piece of james and it 's so devastating that i have to stare at my reflection for nearly a minute before i can pull myself together . 
 as i head out behind the doctor into the hallway , i keep my mind trained on a single thought , holding it close to me . 
 james , james , james . 
 chapter six after time in the examination room with dr. francis-just a basic physical and blood test to make sure i 'm taking my meds-i 'm sent to lunch , where i sit alone in the corner . 
 i drink some juice and take bites from an apple , but do n't bother with anything else . 
 i 'm too upset about the ring . 
 when i leave and find myself in the mostly deserted leisure room , i sit again at the window and stare out . 
 i continually take cautious glances around for roger , wondering when his slimy self will show up , asking for a trade . 
 wondering if i could say no when it means keeping a part of myself . 
 `` psst ... '' i look over my shoulder and see realm by the door , holding something behind his back . 
 no one else notices him , and i feel myself smile . 
 come here , he mouths . 
 i 'm not sure i should go , but the room is quiet and i 'm bored . 
 i get up to find out what he 's doing . 
 realm grins madly when i approach , and i follow him into the hall . 
 `` wait here , '' he says , poking his head around the corner toward the nurses ' station . 
 `` what 's behind your back ? '' 
 i ask , trying to look over his shoulder between him and wall . 
 `` hey , hey , sweetness , '' he says , glaring at me . 
 `` no peeking . '' 
 he checks one more time and then does some weird hand signals like we 're in the military . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` run . '' 
 he rushes ahead of me , and we dash down the hall and through the stairwell door . 
 he eases it shut and i stand there , sort of shocked . 
 `` that was close , '' he says . 
 `` what are we doing ? '' 
 `` hiding out . 
 i have contraband . '' 
 `` but if they find us - '' `` they wo n't . 
 no rounds for another twenty minutes . 
 sit . '' 
 he points to the stairs behind me . 
 since i 've already broken the rules by coming out here , i sit down on the concrete , crossing my legs as i stare at him . 
 `` now will you show me what you have behind your back ? '' 
 he smiles broadly and pulls out a white bag , the logo on the side unmistakable . 
 `` no way . '' 
 `` a little birdie told me you wanted chicken nuggets . '' 
 `` realm ! 
 how did you - '' `` shh ... , '' he says , looking toward the door . 
 `` this is n't on the menu , so if they see it , they 'll take it . 
 now do you want it or not ? '' 
 my brother and i used to beg our parents for mcdonald 's every saturday . 
 we 'd have to clean our rooms , do the dishes , all sorts of chores that we totally blew off , knowing our parents would get it anyway because my father was hooked on the fries . 
 and here in this stairwell , i 've never been so happy to see greasy food-almost like a little piece of home , which i guess is sad in a way . 
 realm comes to sit next to me , reaching in the bag to take out a napkin , which he lays on the stair . 
 he pulls out a box of mcnuggets , folding back the cardboard and then dumping some fries in the top . 
 i immediately dive in , even though i have a ton of questions . 
 `` how did you get this ? '' 
 the food is a little cold but still so good . 
 better than the mashed and bland starches we 've been getting here . 
 `` i have a friend who has a friend . '' 
 he smiles and puts a fry into his mouth . 
 `` what ? 
 realm , can you get us outside ? '' 
 i ask , my mind suddenly flooded with dreams of escape . 
 he widens his eyes at my reaction . 
 `` no , '' he says . 
 `` of course not . 
 my charms go only so far , and sweet-talking my way into some drive-through is n't the same as a jailbreak . 
 i just thought ... '' he looks down . 
 `` shit , sloane . 
 i thought this would cheer you up . '' 
 i feel horrible and ungrateful , and i reach out to touch his hand to get his attention . 
 `` sorry , '' i say . 
 `` this is awesome . 
 and it does cheer me up . '' 
 i force a wide , overly enthusiastic grin . 
 `` see ? '' 
 realm chuckles , a soft smile staying on his lips as we go back to eating . 
 `` so how did you know about the chicken nuggets ? '' 
 i ask , pulling my leg underneath me and settling in . 
 `` finally got my hands on your chart . 
 imagine my surprise when dr. francis noted that you were craving them . 
 did you really tell him that ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 i laugh and slap his shoulder . 
 `` but you ca n't read my chart ! '' 
 `` i can , but i definitely should n't . 
 you wo n't tell on me , will you ? 
 are you a rat , sloane ? '' 
 he looks at me suspiciously . 
 `` i 'm not going to sell you out , but you have to tell me what you read . '' 
 he stiffens at this , and then scratches his chin . 
 `` um ... not much . '' 
 a wave of sickness washes over me . 
 `` you 're lying . '' 
 realm 's eyes meet mine . 
 `` who 's james ? '' 
 the tender way he asks makes me nearly fall apart . 
 how can i even explain who james is to me ? 
 `` he was everything , '' i say . 
 `` and now he 's nothing . '' 
 i close my eyes . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i hear realm say , feeling him touch my knee . 
 `` i should n't have brought it up . '' 
 i sniffle and wipe away the tears just as they start to brim over . 
 `` it 's okay , '' i say . 
 `` i 've just had a bad day . 
 and - '' `` i reminded you how much life sucks . 
 i really am sorry . '' 
 `` do n't be , '' i whisper . 
 `` james is my boyfriend , but - '' i stop , not wanting to admit that james did n't remember me . 
 as if it proves that i did n't mean that much to him . 
 `` he was in the program too , '' realm says quietly . 
 `` it 's in your file . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` they came and got me about a week after he returned . '' 
 `` did he know you ? '' 
 realm asks , sounding anxious . 
 `` no . '' 
 saying it is like a punch in the gut . 
 realm does n't try to say it 's okay or offer any hope of james remembering . 
 instead he points to the last mcnugget . 
 `` you going to eat that ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i stare at him . 
 `` you just made me cry and now you want my food ? '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` i just asked if you were going to eat it . '' 
 i laugh then , pushing the box in his direction . 
 `` it 's all yours . 
 i think i might puke from eating so fast . '' 
 he pauses with the food halfway to his mouth . 
 `` thanks for oversharing , sloane . '' 
 he eats the chicken anyway , and then we pick through the fries before cleaning up , the grease clinging to my fingers , but it 's not gross . 
 it 's almost a relief compared to how scrubbed and antiseptic i feel in this facility . 
 `` hold up , '' realm says , handing me the bag . 
 he pulls the door open and then puts his eye to the crack . 
 `` all clear . '' 
 he motions me forward , and we sneak back inside , giggling as we run down the hallway . 
 we 're almost back to the leisure room when we see nurse kell turn the corner and spot us . 
 realm instantly grabs the mcdonald 's bag and tosses it into an empty room , the trash sliding under a bed . 
 `` where have you two been ? '' 
 nurse kell asks . 
 `` just giving her the tour , '' realm says , putting his arm around me as if we 're best friends . 
 it occurs to me that he is my best friend , at least in here . 
 nurse kell eyes us for another second longer and then nods toward the leisure room . 
 `` all right then , '' she says . 
 `` the boys are looking for you , michael . 
 you 're late for your card game . '' 
 he thanks her , and we start heading off when nurse kell calls me back . 
 `` for you , '' she says , holding out a dixie cup . 
 i peek inside and see a bright-yellow pill . 
 `` why ? 
 i feel fine . '' 
 `` doctor 's orders , dear . '' 
 she hands me a cup of water , and i take the pill , anger starting to well up inside me again . 
 `` i thought he was going to lower my dosage , '' i snap at her . 
 `` guess not , huh ? '' 
 `` go back to your friends now , sloane . '' 
 she smiles and brushes my hair off my shoulder . 
 but i push her hand away and go into the leisure room . 
 `` where 'd you go ? '' 
 realm asks when i sit at the table with him and the guys . 
 they 'd already dealt me in , and i pick up my cards . 
 `` nurse kell wanted to make sure i stayed obedient , '' i tell him . 
 `` i like the sound of that , '' derek says , and they start laughing . 
 realm just eyes me with concern . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 a voice cuts through the air , and i turn to see tabitha making her way over , her red hair pulled into a messy knot on top of her head . 
 `` realm , i thought you said you were n't letting anyone else play . '' 
 he sighs , but looks up at her sweetly . 
 `` hello , tabitha . 
 i 'm sorry , but the table is full . '' 
 `` then why does she get to join ? 
 that 's not fair , realm . 
 you promised . '' 
 `` next time , okay ? '' 
 he smiles at her . 
 she shoots a hateful look in my direction , and then nods sadly before stumbling away . 
 the guys do n't joke this time and instead start playing the round . 
 she just had this conversation and yet she comes back , like part of her brain is broken . 
 she took quikdeath , and i wonder if miller had survived , if he 'd - a thick , choking grief envelops me at the thought of my friend . 
 my miller , so lost and alone even though we were right there . 
 i 'll never see him again . 
 there 's a soft touch on my wrist . 
 `` you 're crying , '' realm whispers . 
 startled , i look at him while he takes a cautious glance around at the nurses . 
 he reaches to swipe under my eye with his shirtsleeve and then calls bullshit to no one in particular , just to distract them . 
 they all start laughing and sifting through the cards , but i watch realm , grateful . 
 we go back to playing , but as the minutes tick by , my reflexes get slower . 
 soon they 're yelling at me to throw down a card , and i have to fold my hand and step out . 
 realm stands when i do . 
 `` you do n't look well , '' he says . 
 `` tired . 
 nurse kell gave me a pill and - '' `` wait , that 's what happened in the hall ? 
 why would she give it now ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 realm puts his arm on my mine and steadies me against him . 
 i do n't argue . 
 i 'm starting to feel disoriented , and the prospect of getting all the way to my room seems impossible . 
 `` i 'll be back , guys , '' realm says , tossing his cards down . 
 they grumble something i ca n't hear , and then realm is easing me away . 
 `` can i walk you home ? '' 
 he asks , joking . 
 i do n't respond and instead hold on to his elbow as he leads us out . 
 once we 're in the hall , realm slides his arm over my shoulder . 
 `` it 's okay , '' he whispers . 
 `` i 'll get you back safely . '' 
 the hall seems to tilt in front of me , but at the other end i think i see someone . 
 i think i see roger . 
 i stagger back and grab a handful of realm 's shirt . 
 `` do n't let him near me like this , '' i beg . 
 `` who ? '' 
 realm shoots a glance in roger 's direction and then freezes . 
 `` what 's wrong ? 
 did something happen ? '' 
 roger looks at us , and i 'm suddenly scared that he 'll come for me now , when i 'm too weak to fight back . 
 i nearly stumble over my own feet . 
 `` just get me out of here , '' i say . 
 realm rushes me in the other direction , but his eyes are dark when he looks back over his shoulder at roger . 
 when i 'm finally in a private room , it takes a second for me to realize it 's not mine . 
 everything is so foggy . 
 `` where am i ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` my room , '' realm says . 
 `` hope that 's okay . '' 
 he keeps his head out the door , looking around as if he 's keeping watch . 
 i stagger toward his bed . 
 `` i can take you back to yours when you wake up . 
 you look like you 're about to crash hard , '' realm adds . 
 i do n't argue about being in his room as i climb onto his bed , laying my head on the pillow with a sigh . 
 my eyes are already closed when realm comes to cover me with his blankets , tucking them carefully around me . 
 `` i 'll be back later , okay ? '' 
 he says . 
 `` mm ... hmm . '' 
 he chuckles softly and i feel a touch on my forehead-a kiss , i think . 
 and then he leaves to let me sleep off the medication , and i try not to worry about what-or who-will be waiting for me when i get up . 
 chapter seven i wake up to the sound of shouts coming from the hallway . 
 i sit up suddenly , regretting it the moment i do because it feels like my brain might fall out . 
 pain pulses in my temples as i try to get my bearings and look around the unfamiliar room . 
 `` michael ! '' 
 i hear what sounds like nurse kell yell . 
 `` get off him ! '' 
 `` stay away from her , or i swear to god , i 'll kill you myself ! '' 
 i gasp , sure that 's realm 's voice . 
 i climb quickly out of the bed and go to the door , opening it just a crack to look out the way realm does . 
 halfway down the hall , realm has got his forearm to roger 's throat , pinning him to the wall . 
 but roger is n't saying anything . 
 he 's just staring back at realm as if challenging him . 
 `` michael , '' nurse kell says again , only softer . 
 she touches realm 's arm and he suddenly drops it , making roger stumble to the floor . 
 for a minute i think realm might kick him , but instead he steps back with obvious restraint . 
 i open the door more and it creaks , making all of them look over at me . 
 when realm turns in my direction , i see that one of his eyes is puffed up . 
 nurse kell immediately bristles . 
 `` sloane , '' she says . 
 `` return to your room . '' 
 then she takes realm roughly by the elbow . 
 `` we need to see dr. warren now , '' she hisses . 
 realm shrugs at me , almost like an apology , and then lets himself be led down the hall . 
 my heart pounds in my chest as it fills with worry . 
 what if they send him away ? 
 hurt him ? 
 realm is my only friend , and what if they take him from me too ? 
 just then i notice roger , still sitting on the floor . 
 when my eyes meet his , he winks , and then gets up to hobble away . 
 i wait in the dining room , not touching my food as i sit by myself . 
 they have n't brought realm back yet and i 'm completely panicking . 
 i have n't told anyone what i saw , but i heard derek and the other guys say that realm punched out a handler and now he 's getting shipped off to another facility . 
 my fingers shake as i try to eat a spoonful of jell-o . 
 `` can i sit with you ? '' 
 tabitha asks , motioning to the empty chair across from me . 
 `` oh . 
 sure . '' 
 it 's a chance to see her up close for the first time . 
 she has dyed red hair , but from the roots i imagine it 's naturally dark . 
 her skin is pale and her eyes are a light hazel . 
 she 's pretty in a really emo sort of way . 
 she sort of reminds me of lacey-or at least , the old lacey . 
 `` i see your bandage , '' she says , taking the first bite of her food . 
 `` did you try to slit your wrists ? '' 
 `` sort of . 
 but i was n't trying to kill myself . 
 i was just pissed . '' 
 she laughs . 
 `` yeah , right . 
 so where 's realm ? '' 
 she asks , and i suspect it was her real question from the beginning . 
 `` he said i could play cards with him today . 
 oh '' - she pauses , smiling - `` maybe he 'll let you play too . 
 he 's pretty nice . 
 cute , too , right ? '' 
 i stare at her , trying to see if there are any obvious signs of damage . 
 i 've never heard of anyone surviving quikdeath before . 
 lacey had thought about taking it . 
 she wanted miller to take it with her . 
 wait-miller . 
 what happened to miller ? 
 `` what 's that look ? 
 you do n't think he 's hot ? '' 
 tabitha is grinning from ear to ear , but i do n't answer her and instead look down toward my tray . 
 what the hell happened to miller ? 
 in my mind , it 's like he 's there and then suddenly ... gone . 
 `` oh my god , '' i say . 
 `` i ca n't remember . '' 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 tabitha asks , sounding frightened . 
 `` should i get the nurse ? '' 
 `` no , '' i say quickly . 
 i stretch my hand out and cover hers . 
 `` they 're taking my memories , '' i whisper to her . 
 `` they 're erasing me . '' 
 she blinks quickly as if she completely understands , but then her eyes glaze over . 
 `` do n't talk like that , '' she says pleasantly . 
 `` or you 're going to get us both thrown into a new facility to start over . '' 
 tabitha abruptly stands , taking her tray with her , and walks away . 
 my hand feels cold on the white table , and i 'm shaking . 
 first the ring and now miller . 
 what else is missing that i ca n't find ? 
 what 's happening to me ? 
 and suddenly , i know . 
 i know what i have to do if i plan to make it through this . 
 i leave my tray on the table and walk toward the exit doors . 
 i 'm almost there when an older handler stops me . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` bathroom . '' 
 `` there 's a bathroom here , '' he motions toward the back of the room . 
 i try to think fast . 
 `` no tampons in there . '' 
 he stares me down , as if he can tell if i 'm menstruating just by looking at me , and then he waves me out . 
 `` hurry up , '' he says before going back to monitoring the room . 
 i rush out into the hall , not sure where i 'll find him . 
 desperation is making tears sting my eyes , but i blink them back . 
 i need to be stronger . 
 i need to save myself . 
 it 's when i pass the supply closet that i see him and skid to a stop , sliding in my slipper socks . 
 disgust twists in my stomach as i watch him counting off rolls of toilet paper and then marking the number on a clipboard . 
 when he notices me , he smiles . 
 `` hello , miss barstow . 
 can i help you with something ? '' 
 `` yes , roger . '' 
 i nearly choke on his name . 
 `` i guess you can . '' 
 roger locks up the supply closet and leads me back to my room , smiling the entire way , even humming a song . 
 i can barely push myself forward , but i have no choice . 
 the program has given me no choice but to hold on to what i can . 
 roger opens my door and steps aside for me to walk in . 
 when i pass him i smell the strong scent of mints , and i know i 'll never be able to taste peppermint again without gagging . 
 i pause just inside the room , not looking at the bed . 
 when roger shuts the door and locks it , i cross my arms over my chest . 
 `` first tell me what 's going to happen to realm . '' 
 roger chuckles . 
 `` oh , i 'm sure michael realm will be just fine . 
 he has a habit of getting out of things the rest of you are punished for . '' 
 i furrow my brow . 
 `` what does that mean ? '' 
 `` it means he 'll be back soon . 
 now i hope this is n't why you took me aside , sloane . '' 
 he cocks his head as if truly curious . 
 i 'm terrified . 
 `` how do i know you can really give me my memories ? '' 
 `` i ca n't give you back your memories , '' he says , almost apologetically . 
 `` what i can do is let you hold on to select memories . 
 block them from the antigens . '' 
 `` antigens ? '' 
 `` the little yellow pill you take , '' he says . 
 `` it seeks out your memories , the ones that are targeted by dr. warren . 
 first you take the red-a sort of truth serum , if you will . 
 and while you talk , it acts like a dye , attaching itself to the thoughts . 
 then you take the yellow to wipe them all away . 
 it 's not exact , but soon you 'll have less and less to sort through , and they 'll be easier to pinpoint . '' 
 the pills-they 're eating my memories . 
 dr. warren said they were just to relax me , but she lied . 
 what else has she lied about ? 
 `` how can you help ? '' 
 i ask roger . 
 `` what can you do to stop them from erasing me ? '' 
 he reaches into his pocket and opens a small container . 
 he pinches out a small purple pill . 
 `` this can save one stray thought , one thing you do n't want to lose . 
 of course , it might make you sick , but it could be worth the risk . 
 and if you tell dr. warren about this , they 'll strip your mind completely . 
 so if you take it , know that this has to stay between us . '' 
 i look at the little pill he holds up , not sure if it can be true . 
 if he 's just lying to do something horrible to me . 
 `` and what do you want in exchange ? '' 
 i ask , fearing the answer . 
 he smiles then , the skin crinkling around his eyes . 
 `` i 'm not a monster , sloane . 
 maybe all i want is a kiss . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` this time . '' 
 `` bartering for sex ? '' 
 i try to sound appalled , but i knew it would come to this . 
 i knew and i still asked him here . 
 i had just been hoping for a different answer . 
 `` course not , '' he says . 
 `` like i said , a kiss . 
 a little affection . 
 affection is good for your therapy , sloane . 
 did they not tell you that ? 
 in fact , i think you 've already found that out yourself . '' 
 i know he 's talking about realm , but i do n't bother responding . 
 he thinks realm and i are in a relationship , but that will never happen . 
 i 'm going back to james . 
 i reach out and take the pill from roger 's hands , examining it . 
 `` how does it work ? '' 
 `` you 'll have to concentrate on a single memory . 
 then you swallow the pill and hold the thought . 
 do n't mix the memory with anything else or widen the scope , otherwise it wo n't be clear in your head . '' 
 i look between the pill and the handler , my throat dry and my hands clammy . 
 it 's just a kiss , but it 's like he 's asking me to jump off a bridge . 
 i ca n't move any closer to him , and i feel my resolve start to fade . 
 `` what 's it worth to you , sloane ? '' 
 he asks softly . 
 `` what 's your past worth ? '' 
 and with that a few tears leak out . 
 i think of james . 
 brady and miller . 
 the part of me that wo n't survive the program . 
 maybe this one pill can change the outcome . 
 maybe it can save me . 
 `` just one kiss , '' i tell him . 
 roger laughs . 
 `` yes , but i say how long . 
 and it has to be good , sloane . 
 i want to feel your passion . '' 
 i wipe hard at my face , pulling the skin roughly until it hurts . 
 i slip the pill into the pocket of my robe and take an unsteady step forward . 
 i look roger straight in the eyes . 
 `` make no mistake , '' i whisper . 
 `` i hate you . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` i like a challenge . '' 
 he grabs me roughly , pinching my upper arm as he pulls me against him , his other arm snaking around me . 
 his mouth is on mine , wet and strong . 
 i try to turn away at first , but he just squeezes harder , and i can feel how turned on he is as he presses against me . 
 i whimper and try to move back as his tongue licks my lips . 
 `` make me believe it , '' he breathes . 
 `` or i take the pill back . '' 
 he kisses me again , and this time i let his tongue inside my mouth . 
 peppermint coats my lips and i ca n't stand the taste . 
 i ca n't stand another second of it . 
 tears continue to trickle down my cheeks as his hand touches my ass , holding me tight against him . 
 his other hand grips the back of my neck and tilts it so he can kiss me there . 
 `` you taste delicious , '' he says into my skin . 
 i try to pretend it 's james , but roger 's touch is too aggressive . 
 james would never touch me like this . 
 james would never do this to me . 
 soon i 'm sobbing and roger comes to kiss me once more , his hand sliding under my shirt . 
 and finally i snap and bring my knee up , missing his balls , but connecting with his thigh . 
 he yelps and jumps back . 
 but as i stand there in front of him , soft cries still escaping my lips , he laughs . 
 `` oh , come on , sloane , '' he says coldly . 
 `` it was n't that bad . 
 other girls trade much more . '' 
 `` get out , '' i manage to say , and i back against the footboard of my bed . 
 `` get out ! '' 
 i scream . 
 he flinches and then looks behind him at the door . 
 `` fine , '' he says , putting up his hand . 
 `` but understand this is between us . 
 if you tell - '' `` i know . '' 
 i ca n't stop crying . 
 i spit out the taste of him right there on the linoleum tile and he looks at it , surprised that i 'm even upset . 
 `` next dose is for bare skin , '' he warns . 
 `` and i suggest you get ahold of yourself because the crying does n't really work for me . '' 
 with that he turns and leaves , shutting the door behind him . 
 chapter eight when the tears have dried , i 'm in my bed , lying under the covers . 
 i know it wo n't be long before they come looking for me , wondering where i am . 
 but i ca n't go back to the dining hall because my body wo n't stop shaking . 
 i take the pill out of my pocket and stare at it . 
 it might not even work , but i have to try . 
 i have to fight . 
 this is my last chance to keep from losing everything . 
 i put the pill in my mouth and swallow it dry , coughing once when it gets stuck , but then getting it down . 
 i know what i have to remember . 
 it 's not romantic . 
 it 's not something cherished . 
 but i hope it 'll lead to some answers when i get out . 
 next pill , i 'll capture a perfect memory with james . 
 for now , i imagine the picture of him and brady , the ring . 
 the things i hid in my mattress so that i could find them when i got back . 
 i know now that everything that happened at my house that day will be erased from my memory , so i might never look for the items . 
 this is the only way . 
 i focus on the picture : james 's face , his chest bare , as his arm is carelessly around my brother 's shoulders . 
 brady 's laugh and the river rolling through the background . 
 the ring-the purple , sparkly , heart-shaped ring-that james gave me , even if i ca n't remember when . 
 but i used to wear it all the time , so it must have been special . 
 they 're all in the mattress , these things that will lead us back together . 
 so i hold the memory tightly to me as i close my eyes . 
 only a few minutes have passed when i 'm suddenly ravaged by pain . 
 i cry out , feeling like a hammer just hit me in the back of the head . 
 i lean forward and vomit over the side of the bed , my stomach twisting and my throat burning . 
 i press my hands to my head as if it can stop the throbbing there . 
 the room spins , and i lie back against the pillow , my eyes squeezed shut . 
 i try to control my breathing , and once again think of the ring and the picture hidden in my bed . 
 it feels like a lifetime of agony , but it 's probably been less than five minutes when i 'm finally able to open my eyes again . 
 my stomach is twisted , and i know i 'll have to clean up the puke before nurse kell comes for me . 
 slowly , i slide out of bed , careful to step around the mess and then clean it up with toilet paper , flushing it away . 
 my breath comes out in jagged gasps , like i might get sick again at any moment . 
 there is a sour taste in my mouth , but behind that-is peppermint . 
 i lean over the toilet and gag again . 
 when i walk into the now half-empty dining room , i 'm sure i look bad . 
 i feel hungover ; my eyes are bloodshot , and my greasy hair is pulled back into a ponytail . 
 but people do n't seem to notice , and it occurs to me that it 's better not to be pretty here . 
 it 's better to go unnoticed . 
 i find where i left my tray and pretend to pick at the roll still on my plate . 
 i drink the apple juice , anything to mask the flavors lingering in my mouth . 
 tabitha 's staring at me from across the room as if she 's studying me , but soon she lowers her gaze . 
 i wonder if roger has offered her the pill . 
 i want to ask her , but how can i ask something like that ? 
 and what if he has n't ? 
 she could turn me in and get me sent away for longer . 
 i miss realm . 
 i hope that roger was telling me the truth when he said that realm would come back soon . 
 what if they 're hurting him ? 
 oh , god . 
 what if they 're erasing me from his memory ? 
 just then i see nurse kell walk into the room , and i jump up to go talk to her . 
 she looks alarmed and then pleased that i sought her out . 
 `` hello , sloane , honey . 
 are you feeling better ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 but ... is realm okay ? '' 
 she smiles , reminding me again of a grandmother . 
 `` michael realm is just fine . 
 he 's cooling off with dr. warren right now . 
 he wo n't be sleeping in the wards tonight , i 'm afraid . 
 but i hope he 'll rejoin us tomorrow . '' 
 i almost burst out crying . 
 `` will he remember me ? '' 
 i ask in a small voice . 
 nurse kell shakes her head as if it 's a silly question . 
 `` of course . 
 why would n't he ? '' 
 i let out a held breath , but i still ca n't stand it . 
 how they all act as if there 's nothing wrong going on here . 
 as if they 're not erasing our minds . 
 `` thank you '' is all i can manage as i head out of the room and into the hallway . 
 i skip out on the card game , and sit in my room playing solitaire instead , with a pack of cards nurse kell lent me . 
 i listen to the hall , hoping to hear realm 's laugh . 
 i dread seeing roger walk by , or worse , stop in . 
 but the place is quiet . 
 i fall asleep easily , even without swallowing the pills nurse kell brings me . 
 when i wake up , i have an early-morning appointment with dr. warren , but i take the long way around and go by realm 's room . 
 he 's still not back . 
 i go inside dr. warren 's office , and she beams like she 's thrilled to see me . 
 `` sloane , '' she says . 
 `` you 're looking well today . '' 
 i know she 's lying because i have n't showered or even bothered checking my reflection . 
 i did take a hot washcloth and wipe my neck to clean everywhere that roger 's mouth touched me . 
 i scrubbed it so raw that it left a rash on my skin . 
 i see dr. warren 's eyes flick to the spot , but she does n't mention it . 
 `` before we start ... '' she slides the cup with the red pill toward me , but i shake my head . 
 `` i do n't need it . 
 thank you . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` you will take the pill , sloane . 
 we 've already been over this . '' 
 i know from what roger told me that the pill helps isolate memories , highlights them to be taken later . 
 i do n't want to put it in my mouth . 
 i want to crush it under my socked heel . 
 `` have we ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` maybe i do n't remember . '' 
 dr. warren 's jaw tightens . 
 `` follow procedures if you want to be released . '' 
 `` i 'm not taking it , '' i shoot back . 
 what should be doctorly advice from her feels more like a threat . 
 my anger starts to bubble over . 
 `` last chance , '' she says , leveling her gaze on mine . 
 i lean toward her . 
 `` i 'm not taking the f ** king pill , okay ? '' 
 dr. warren does n't even flinch . 
 she sits back calmly in her leather chair . 
 `` marilyn , '' she calls behind me . 
 a large woman in a white nurse 's uniform stalks in , a needle poised in her hand . 
 i barely have time to register what 's going on before i feel it pierce the skin on my upper arm . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 i yell , jumping up from the chair . 
 `` calm down , '' dr. warren soothes , not even looking a little sorry . 
 `` it 's the same dose . 
 but i told you , you will take the medication one way or another . 
 voluntarily is just the least painful . '' 
 dr. warren looks at the nurse . 
 `` get the other needle ready for after the session . '' 
 i stand there , clutching my arm and feeling helpless . 
 i 'm so violated , so angry , that i think i might completely lose it right now . 
 `` today , '' dr. warren says , ignoring my obvious fury , `` i want to talk about you and james after your brother 's death . 
 how you became so codependent . '' 
 `` we 're not codependent , you bitch . 
 we love each other . '' 
 she looks me over thoughtfully , content to wait until i 'm fully compliant . 
 already i can feel the drug coursing through my veins , and i sway on my feet , knowing it wo n't be long until i 'm at its mercy . 
 telling her all of my secrets . 
 when i collapse back into the chair , my limbs light and my head hazy , i start talking . 
 `` james and i dated secretly for two months , '' i say , my temple resting against the fabric . 
 `` it was tough keeping it from brady . 
 james slept over all the time , and each night he 'd slip out of brady 's room at three in the morning and climb into my bed . 
 we 'd kiss and whisper , james always making me laugh . 
 i did n't want to hide how i felt about him , but i knew it would n't go over well . 
 not with brady . 
 not with our parents . 
 so we spent time like that , lying in each other 's arms and talking about leaving oregon . '' 
 `` were you having sex ? '' 
 dr. warren asks , making notes in her file . 
 `` no . 
 i mean , we could have , i guess . 
 but we did n't . '' 
 i smile to myself . 
 `` we just made out a whole lot . '' 
 i let my eyes close , feeling distant . 
 `` after brady died , james was torn up with guilt . 
 i was worse . 
 if i 'd known how to swim , maybe i could have saved him . 
 he was my brother and i did n't even see the signs . 
 i wondered if it was because i was too involved with james . 
 if he was too involved with me . 
 for that first week , james and i stayed far away from each other . 
 i could n't even look at him . '' 
 `` what changed ? '' 
 `` after my brother was buried and my house was filled with my mother 's sobs and my father 's drinking , my parents turned their attention to me . 
 they were worried i was depressed too , but they could n't see it was just grief . 
 my brother was my best friend and i wanted him back '' - i pause then , swallowing hard - `` but he was never going to come back . 
 he was never going to take me to the top of the ferris wheel again . 
 he would never teach me how to swim . '' 
 dr. warren hands me a tissue , and i wipe my eyes even though i 'm not sure if i 'm crying . 
 i ca n't feel anything on my cheeks . 
 i 'm numb . 
 `` and then one afternoon , '' i start again , `` i found my mother in brady 's room , trying to pack up his clothes , and i lost it . 
 i could n't stand the thought of his things in a box-in a box like he was in . 
 i told her i hated her . '' 
 i lower my head . 
 `` i 'm not proud of it , but i 'd been caught up in my parents ' emotional wake , and i needed my own time to grieve . 
 they would n't let me grieve ! 
 the next day i found a pamphlet for the program near the phone . 
 and i knew i could n't ever let them see me cry again . 
 and i knew i had to talk to james because brady told us to take care of each other . 
 `` at school i was overwhelmed with the interviews , the therapy , the monitoring . 
 i felt so alone i thought that maybe i was becoming ill . 
 but later that week , i walked out of class to find james standing at the lockers-as if he 'd been waiting there all along . 
 and i realized how much i 'd missed him . 
 he did n't hesitate when he saw me . 
 he stomped right across the floor and picked me up in a hug , smashing me to him . 
 i wanted to cry-but i could n't . '' 
 `` there are healthy forms of showing emotion , '' dr. warren says . 
 `` you could have talked to the counselors . '' 
 i stare at her , wondering if she 's serious , if she does n't know the extremes the outside world has gone to in order to try to `` protect '' us . 
 `` believe what you want , '' i tell her . 
 `` but the handlers were looking for any excuse to flag us . 
 all we could feel was the pressure of it . '' 
 i turn away , thinking again about how relieved i was to see that james was okay . 
 `` that day he gave me a ride home . 
 and then the next . 
 it started to feel like the only time we were normal was when we were together . 
 we would tuck ourselves away where we could cry and no one else could see us . 
 as the weeks passed , we started to talk about other things . 
 about leaving town again , just me and him . 
 about being together forever . '' 
 my chest swells as i remember our first time , how scared i was . 
 we were camping , snuggling on a blanket next to the warm fire . 
 i was so in love with him . 
 i close my eyes now and think about how james kissed my neck , his mouth hot . 
 his hands gentle on my skin . 
 soon he was kissing me passionately , seeming to want me more than ever before . 
 his knee moved between my legs , and i pulled his shirt over his head when he stopped , gasping for breath . 
 `` wait , '' he said . 
 `` we should n't . '' 
 his blue eyes were heavy lidded , filled with desire . 
 lust . 
 i pulled him down and kissed him again , working at his belt , even when he told me again that we did n't have to . 
 he 'd brought protection , which showed me he 'd at least considered it could happen . 
 and we used it , just like we always would after . 
 i open my eyes and see dr. warren waiting for the story . 
 i wish i did n't have to tell her anything , but i just ca n't stop . 
 i hate that i ca n't stop because i know what it means . 
 she 's going to steal this moment away from me , and the thought is unbearable . 
 `` the night james and i first had sex , '' i say , `` it was n't about our hormones . 
 it was desperate , sad , even a little painful . 
 and then it was beautiful and hopeful . 
 it was a promise we made to each other , that we would protect each other . 
 take care of each other . 
 `` james told me he loved me , and that he would never let anything happen to me . 
 i promised the same - '' i choke on my words . 
 `` but i lied . 
 i did n't protect him . 
 i tried so hard , but i was n't strong enough . 
 they came and they took him . 
 and now he does n't love me anymore . '' 
 i cover my face and start sobbing , realizing how much it hurts to be alive . 
 how i do n't want to live with the loss . 
 `` i have nothing , '' i say through my hands . 
 `` i 'm all alone now . '' 
 `` you 're not , '' dr. warren asks . 
 `` i 'm not saying james is a bad guy . 
 neither is brady or miller or lacey . 
 but they 're the reason you 're really here . 
 they were infected , sloane . 
 they infected you . 
 and now you have to get better . 
 just like a cancer , we have to cut out what 's making you sick . '' 
 i look at her , still hating her , but with the pain raging in my chest , maybe a little less so . 
 `` here . '' 
 she offers the yellow pill . 
 `` take it . 
 empower yourself , sweetheart . 
 it 'll make everything right . '' 
 i consider her offer . 
 then i think of roger 's disgusting mouth on mine . 
 i think of how his purple pill will let me hold on to some of my memories . 
 so instead i look at dr. warren and say , `` go to hell . '' 
 and then someone grabs me , and i feel a pinch in my arm . 
 chapter nine `` sloane , '' a voice whispers . 
 my eyes flip open , and i start to scream as i see a figure next to my bed . 
 `` shh ... shh ... , '' realm says , quickly putting his finger to his lips . 
 he shoots a cautious look at the door , and i force myself to quiet down . 
 `` you scared the hell out of me , '' i whisper , and then lean closer so that i can see him better in the dim room . 
 the only light comes from the moon outside the sealed window . 
 i pause when he comes into focus . 
 `` your eye . '' 
 realm has a black eye that looks like it might still hurt . 
 `` it 's fine , '' he says , waving me off . 
 `` i just wanted to make sure you were okay . 
 did n't mean to leave so abruptly . '' 
 he grins , but he 's checking me over , making sure i 'm all right . 
 `` it was very rude , '' i offer . 
 then i sit up and wrap my arms around his neck . 
 he chuckles and holds me gently , almost like he 's embarrassed that we 're in an embrace . 
 `` i was so lonely , '' i say . 
 realm reaches to smooth back my hair . 
 `` sloane ... '' he pauses . 
 `` no one hurt you , did they ? '' 
 his voice is filled with concern , and i think he 's talking about roger , but i ca n't tell him about the pill . 
 about the kiss . 
 `` no , '' i lie . 
 `` i just did n't think you were coming back . '' 
 i slowly release him and lie back down in my bed , glad he 's here . 
 `` you should sleep , '' realm whispers . 
 `` meet you for breakfast ? '' 
 i nod , smiling . 
 `` maybe they 'll have waffles . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` if not , i 'll find you some . '' 
 i curl up on my side as he fixes my blankets . 
 `` you probably would . '' 
 i watch as he leaves , quietly closing the door behind him . 
 seeing him again is like a huge weight lifted off my chest . 
 even though i know i was upset earlier , i ca n't remember why . 
 i 'm just glad my friend is back . 
 the next morning . 
 realm is waiting at my table , looking fresh in a pair of new lemon-yellow scrubs . 
 his hair is still wet and brushed back , making him look younger somehow . 
 paired with his black eye , it 's almost adorable . 
 `` it 's not waffles , '' he says , as if expecting me to be disappointed . 
 `` but i filled out a suggestion card , so hopefully tomorrow . '' 
 i laugh and sit next to him , not bothering to get my food yet . 
 `` did you get that shiner from the handler ? '' 
 i ask , leaning to look at it . 
 realm watches me as i examine him , a sad expression on his face . 
 `` roger got an elbow in , '' he says quietly . 
 `` but i nearly choked him to death , so it 's about even . '' 
 i tense and turn away , wishing i had n't let roger touch me , but knowing that i got to keep a piece of myself in return . 
 or at least i hope . 
 `` what ? '' 
 realm asks . 
 `` nothing , '' i murmur . 
 `` i 'm just hungry . '' 
 i get up and walk to the food line . 
 i 'm at the end of my third week , and i continue to refuse my pills . 
 i almost wish i did n't know what the medication did to me so i would n't have to have this battle every day . 
 but i do know . 
 and i want to fight . 
 after a therapy session and a fresh injection , i 'm halfway back to my room when he walks into the hall . 
 `` hello , sloane , '' roger says . 
 `` sorry i have n't been around . 
 been spending a lot of time at your new school . '' 
 at the sound of his voice , goose bumps raise on my arms . 
 `` leave me alone , '' i say , my words slightly slurred . 
 `` do n't you want you know why ? '' 
 i turn to look at him as his dark hair falls over his eyes . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` does the name james murphy sound familiar ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i gasp and stop walking , steadying myself on the wall . 
 james is my boyfriend , or at least he was until he went into the program . 
 he 'd been friends with miller-and before that ... what ? 
 who was james before that ? 
 i press the heel of my hand against my forehead . 
 i ca n't remember . 
 `` seems james is being difficult . 
 no wonder you two were together for so long . 
 you 're a couple of troublemakers . '' 
 roger laughs , and i want to lunge at him and scratch out his eyes . 
 `` is he okay ? '' 
 i ask . 
 roger nods . 
 `` he 's fine . 
 just a pain in the ass . 
 he 's always testing his handlers , slipping away . 
 he 's lucky he 'll be eighteen soon , otherwise he might end up back here . '' 
 james is okay . 
 i smile and lean against the wall . 
 `` you know , sloane , '' roger whispers , walking to stand close to me . 
 `` after another session or two , james will be gone from your memory altogether . '' 
 `` shut up , '' i say , squeezing my eyes closed when his fingers brush my bare arm . 
 `` i told you the price and i think it 's fair . 
 what do you say ? '' 
 he leans closer , his peppermint breath on my ear . 
 his finger glides up my arm and onto my shirt , grazing the side of my breast . 
 the room is tilting from my medication , but i 'm trying to hold on . 
 i do n't want to be this vulnerable around him . 
 i do n't want his disgusting hands on me . 
 `` no , '' i snarl . 
 `` hmm ... , '' he says , and loops his arm around my waist , putting my head against his shoulder . 
 `` maybe i should help you to your room . '' 
 i try to pull away and nearly fall when i hear a shout from down the hall . 
 `` hey , rog , '' realm says , his hands in the pockets of his yellow scrubs . 
 `` looks like you might need some help . '' 
 instead of responding , roger lays me down on the floor , backing away . 
 `` was n't doing anything wrong , michael , '' he responds . 
 `` is that right ? '' 
 realm calls , walking toward us . 
 the coolness of the white tiles feels good against my cheek . 
 realm 's image is sideways as he approaches . 
 `` were n't doing anything wrong with any of the other girls , either ? '' 
 realm asks . 
 `` what would dr. warren say ? '' 
 realm 's features are clouded as he comes to stand over me . 
 i reach to touch the hem of his pants , fisting the fabric as i try to pull myself up . 
 `` you keep a secret and i will too , '' roger says , his eyes narrowed to slits as he backs down the hall . 
 realm takes my hand and gently tugs me to my feet . 
 `` sloane , can you walk ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i try to say yes as i lean into him , but i ca n't seem to get my balance . 
 realm bends and then slips his arms under my knees and scoops me up , my head against his chest . 
 he starts toward my room as roger gets as far against the wall as he can . 
 `` this is n't over , '' realm says to him before kicking open my door . 
 i can feel his body tense around me , and i wonder what roger would have done to me if realm had n't shown up . 
 but i push the thought away , clinging to realm as he lays me in my bed . 
 i ask him to stay , not letting go of his shirt until his arms are around me . 
 then i drift , unconscious . 
 when it 's time for dinner , realm and i do n't talk about what happened . 
 at least not at first . 
 he helps me get my food even as derek and shep break his balls , saying he 's whipped . 
 i 'm trembling , alternating between hot and cold flashes like a bad reaction to the medication . 
 `` can i sit with you ? '' 
 tabitha asks , poised at the end of our table . 
 the guys laugh , but realm moves over . 
 `` of course , tabby . '' 
 i smile at him , thinking he 's kind . 
 he 's smart . 
 he reminds me of james in a way , always knowing how to make me feel better . 
 james makes me laugh too , although i ca n't remember the last time we did that . 
 `` here , '' realm says , putting a piece of corn bread on my tray . 
 `` you need to eat , sloane . 
 you 're wasting away . '' 
 `` maybe i want to waste away . '' 
 `` do n't say things like that in here , '' he whispers fiercely . 
 `` you 'll get flagged again . '' 
 i nod , feeling bad for upsetting him , and i take his hand under the table . 
 `` i 'm just feeling sorry for myself , '' i say quietly . 
 `` my memories ... i do n't have many left . '' 
 realm squeezes my hand and does n't let go . 
 he looks at me like he understands , and then we go back to our dinner , listening as the others talk . 
 i nod when derek tells us that he 's going to move out of the country once he 's eighteen . 
 i 'm grateful realm is holding on to me . 
 it does n't feel romantic . 
 it feels like a lifeline . 
 chapter ten after a spirited game of cards , realm and i retreat to the couch to watch a movie with a few others . 
 i 'm curled up next to him , and no one says anything : no nurses tell us to move apart . 
 we can do what we want and it 's nice . 
 it 's the first time in a long while that i feel in control . 
 when nurse kell comes in and tells us all it 's time to return to our rooms , realm pulls me in the other direction instead . 
 `` wan na come hang out in my room ? '' 
 he asks , motioning down the hall . 
 i shrug , holding on to his arm as we walk . 
 opening his door , he allows me to go in first , and then he checks the hallway before closing it behind us . 
 `` it 's fun to sneak around , is n't it ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` it is . 
 and i thought nothing could beat being constantly medicated . '' 
 i laugh , but a serious expression comes over realm 's face . 
 he goes to sit on his bed as i sit in the chair facing him . 
 i start to fidget , knowing he wants to talk about roger . 
 `` sloane , i have to ask ... . 
 did he rape you ? '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i look up , startled . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` then what happened ? '' 
 realm swallows hard and i know there 's no use in denying it altogether . 
 `` he offered a trade . '' 
 `` oh , god . '' 
 `` it was for a kiss . 
 some ... touching , but i kneed him really hard when that happened . 
 it was just a kiss . '' 
 i feel sick thinking about it , and lower my head , not wanting realm to see my face . 
 `` and in return ? '' 
 `` he gave me a pill . 
 said it would let me hold on to a memory . '' 
 realm swears under his breath , rubbing roughly at his face . 
 `` i 'm going to kill him , '' he says , mostly to himself . 
 `` i told him to leave you alone . '' 
 `` he 's done it to others , has n't he ? '' 
 i ask . 
 realm nods , and then looks over at me , pained . 
 `` i think maybe it 's been going on for a while . '' 
 i cringe thinking about girls here having sex with that freak , and i ca n't believe i ever let him touch me . 
 i just wanted to keep my life . 
 keep myself . 
 i feel violated and stupid , and i wrap my arms around myself as i sit back in the chair . 
 `` it does n't work , you know , '' realm says . 
 `` the pill to block . 
 with the memory out of context , it 'll never come back or make sense . 
 you should n't take it . '' 
 i flinch as if i 've been slapped . 
 i 'd let roger touch me , and now i was n't getting what i was promised . 
 it was for nothing . 
 i did it for nothing . 
 `` it does n't work ? '' 
 i ask , my voice strained . 
 realm shakes his head . 
 my world practically crumbles around me . 
 my only hope is gone . 
 i 'd pinned everything on keeping the memories . 
 i 'm truly lost . 
 `` you should give the pill to me , '' he says . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i say quietly . 
 `` i already took it . '' 
 realm 's face flares with anger . 
 `` you idiot , '' he says . 
 `` you could have been killed . '' 
 stunned , i lower my eyes , realm 's harsh words stinging . 
 i move to get up but he reaches quickly for my hand . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he whispers . 
 `` i did n't mean that . 
 please do n't go . 
 i 'm just frustrated , sloane . '' 
 he stops talking , and when i finally look up again , he exhales . 
 `` sorry , '' he repeats , sliding his fingers from mine . 
 `` let 's just change the subject , okay ? '' 
 i do n't have anywhere else to go , so i sit back down . 
 `` whatever , '' i say . 
 realm is always so accepting of the program , so ready to let them take his past . 
 but that 's not me . 
 i do n't want to change . 
 realm scoots over on the bed , patting the blanket . 
 `` will you sit with me ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i nod , and move to put my knee on the bed , climbing up next to him . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , '' he says softly . 
 `` it 's almost over . '' 
 i stare at him , the air seeming to rush out of me . 
 `` is that all i have to look forward to ? 
 the point where i 'm empty ? '' 
 he smiles sadly . 
 `` it wo n't hurt anymore once you forget . 
 it 's the only thing that can save us now . '' 
 he bends to rest his forehead against mine , whispering . 
 `` we ca n't go on like this . 
 you have a huge hole here . '' 
 he puts his palm over my heart , and the touch is intimate and almost comforting . 
 it 's not butterflies or romantic-i do n't have those feelings for him . 
 but it 's a touch that makes me feel human . 
 alive . 
 `` i do n't know if i can make it , '' i say , closing my eyes . 
 `` you can . 
 you 've made it this far . 
 and hell , you 're not dead , right ? '' 
 he moves back and takes my chin , making me look at him . 
 `` now i want you to hold me , '' he jokes , curling me against him as we lie back against the pillows . 
 `` it 's lucky that we were both here , '' he continues as he begins to play with my hair . 
 `` otherwise i 'd have to snuggle with nurse kell . '' 
 i laugh , putting my hand on his chest , over his heart . 
 i 'm surprised by how fast it 's beating . 
 `` you nervous ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` well , i am in bed with a pretty girl . 
 i think this sort of reaction is beyond my control . '' 
 i sit up , and realm shifts to lie flat on the bed . 
 i get on my elbow and look down at his face . 
 the black under his eye has faded , and his skin looks healthier than it did the first time i met him . 
 the scar around his neck is healed , and i wonder how old it is . 
 i trace my index finger over the raised pink line , and he holds his breath , his dark eyes meeting mine . 
 `` does it still hurt ? '' 
 i ask . 
 realm licks his lips but is slow to answer . 
 `` every day . '' 
 i pause , my finger under his chin . 
 `` me too , '' i respond . 
 realm reaches to draw me closer , and i do n't pull away . 
 i 'm so lonely , so broken that i do n't think i 'll ever be fixed . 
 being with someone could make me forget for a while . 
 realm 's been good to me . 
 he 's my friend . 
 but as he leans forward , something inside of me seizes up . 
 just when his mouth meets mine , i turn away , making his lips brush my cheek instead . 
 `` i ca n't , '' i murmur . 
 realm is not my boyfriend . 
 he 's not james . 
 i close my eyes and lower my head to his chest , hugging him and hoping he wo n't send me away . 
 i do n't want to be alone right now . 
 realm immediately starts to apologize , but i stop him . 
 `` it 's not you . 
 i 'm ... i 'm with james , '' i tell him , not sure if it 's cruel to say . 
 `` i love him . '' 
 realm adjusts his position , but does n't push me aside . 
 instead he wraps me in a hug . 
 `` i understand , '' he whispers . 
 `` i 'm going to find him again , '' i say , mostly to myself . 
 `` the program ca n't erase james from my heart . 
 i know they ca n't . '' 
 `` if it 's meant to be ... , '' realm says , sounding like my mother . 
 but underneath , i hear his hurt . 
 i do n't respond and just let him hold me , knowing that i should n't be here like this . 
 but no one ever comes in to make me go back to my room . 
 and when i start to fall asleep , i think that my guilt is gone-if only for a moment . 
 i 've become comfortably numb . 
 chapter eleven i wake up and look around at the stark white walls . 
 i 'm alone in my bed , alone in my room . 
 after falling asleep at realm 's , i woke up at about three in the morning and made my way back to my own bed , feeling empty . 
 when i walk into the dining room , realm is waiting at the table for me , a stupid grin on his face . 
 his friends whistle as i walk up wearing my lemon-yellow scrubs , holding a tray of scrambled eggs . 
 realm elbows shep in the chest . 
 `` get out of here , man . '' 
 but the smile never falters . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i ask when i 'm sitting next to him . 
 i do n't care if they 're gossiping about me-not really . 
 at least that way they wo n't try to hit on me . 
 and after roger , i hope no one ever does again . 
 realm shrugs . 
 `` they may have noticed a girl going into my room with me last night . 
 if they figured out it was you , and thought we got it on , it 's not my fault . '' 
 `` you did n't deny it ? '' 
 `` nope . 
 and it 's still not my fault . 
 you should have worn a disguise if you did n't want to be noticed . '' 
 realm reaches over and opens my milk carton for me , and then absently goes back to his eggs . 
 i stare down at the milk , thinking that opening it was a sweet gesture , even if slightly possessive . 
 `` i meant to ask , '' i say , `` how much longer do you have here ? '' 
 realm pauses , but does n't look up . 
 `` two weeks . 
 and you 'll have a week and a half after that . '' 
 panic starts to pull at me , making it hard to breathe . 
 `` a week and a half is a long time . '' 
 my voice cracks , and i 'm suddenly terrified of being here alone . 
 being all alone with nobody but the stranger with my face . 
 and roger-who is definitely pissed now . 
 `` sweetness , '' realm says . 
 `` it 's going to be okay . '' 
 `` no , it 's not , '' i whisper . 
 `` i 'll forget everything . 
 and then roger-what about him ? 
 what will he do when i ca n't fight him off ? '' 
 realm 's posture changes . 
 `` roger wo n't mess with you again . 
 i promise . 
 i wo n't let him . '' 
 `` you wo n't be here . '' 
 realm looks sideways at me , his expression deadly serious . 
 `` i 'm giving you my word that i wo n't let him . 
 i do n't care what i have to do , he 'll never touch you again . '' 
 he sounds like he means it . 
 although i 'm scared something might happen to him , realm just smiles , making my worry evaporate . 
 then he leans forward to put a soft kiss on my cheek , one that smells like breakfast , and goes back to eating . 
 dr. francis examines me again , and says that i 've regained a pound . 
 he 's pleased as he adjusts my medication dosage , saying that i 've made such strides in my recovery that he can finally lower it . 
 i want to believe him , but i do n't . 
 not when he still works for the program . 
 after i 'm checked over , he ushers me to dr. warren 's office . 
 she looks happy to see me , her hair pulled into a high , girlish ponytail , her suit replaced with a colorful blouse . 
 `` you look cheerful , '' i mumble as i walk in . 
 she smiles at this . 
 `` thought you could use a change . 
 do we need marilyn today ? '' 
 she slides the dixie cup toward me . 
 `` yep . '' 
 i can see her tense , but she just waves her hand and the nurse comes in , holding me still as she stabs me with the needle . 
 it does n't take as long this time for my fight to go out . 
 i think that the dose has been increased , and not scaled back like dr. francis promised . 
 either that or i have fewer memories for the medication to attach to . 
 i sink down in my chair . 
 `` what are you going to pick at today ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i 'm just listening , sloane . 
 i 've never done anything but listen . '' 
 `` liar . '' 
 she sighs . 
 `` why do you love james so much ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` is it because he reminds you of the time you spent with your brother ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's because he 's hot . '' 
 i laugh , resting my head back against the chair . 
 she 's the crazy one if she thinks i 'm going to tell her . 
 `` would it hurt if i told you that james did n't love you ? '' 
 i glare at her . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` i 've been through james 's files , and he told his counselor that he felt obligated to take care of you . 
 that he wanted to save you because you were so unwell , and he did n't want you to die like your brother . '' 
 she ca n't be telling me the truth-james was probably just trying to protect me from them . 
 and yet dr. warren 's words are like a punch in the heart . 
 `` james loved me , '' i hiss . 
 `` and your twisted lies wo n't change that . '' 
 `` how do you know that , sloane ? 
 when did you realize that he truly loved you ? 
 that you loved him ? '' 
 `` like i 'm going to tell you , '' i scoff . 
 dr. warren nods , and then raises her hand to marilyn . 
 `` another dose , please . '' 
 `` wait , what - '' there 's pain in my arm as marilyn gives me another shot . 
 `` you ca n't do that , '' i say , scared of overdosing , of dying in this facility . 
 `` sloane , we will do whatever we have to . 
 we 're trying to save your life and stop the spread of an epidemic . 
 now please cooperate or we 're going to have to take you to an examination room . '' 
 the threat of the exam room truly frightens me . 
 what will they do ? 
 cut open my head ? 
 i glare at dr. warren and rub my arm . 
 `` okay , '' i say . 
 `` okay . '' 
 marilyn leaves and dr. warren settles in with my file , ready to write down what i say . 
 i consider lying , but then a wave crashes over me that makes me too weak to be dishonest . 
 `` james had dated girls before me , quite a few actually , '' i start . 
 `` so when we became a couple out in the open , some of those girls tried to say it was because my brother was dead . 
 the same crap you 're saying now . 
 of course , they did n't know that we 'd been seeing each other before-but i was too ashamed to tell anyone . 
 not after keeping it a secret from brady . 
 `` my brother had only been gone a few weeks when my parents sat me down for a talk . 
 they said they were worried about me , but i was doing fine . 
 far better than they were . 
 then they told me that they were concerned about me getting involved with james-that two people who suffered a tragedy should n't be together because it increases the risk of suicide . 
 i then pointed out that maybe they should n't be together . '' 
 my mother slapped me that night . 
 i can still feel the sting on my cheek . 
 i felt terrible for what i said , but i never apologized . 
 now i probably never will because i wo n't remember . 
 `` i left then , '' i tell dr. warren . 
 `` i got in the car and drove straight to james 's house . 
 it was after ten when his dad opened the door , clearly pissed . '' 
 i remember mr. murphy 's face , how closed off he was . 
 `` sorry , sloane , '' he said . 
 `` no visitors this late . '' 
 he looked a lot like james , only bigger , heavier . 
 colder . 
 tears had stung my eyes . 
 `` but it 's important . '' 
 he bristled . 
 `` listen , i 've talked with james about this . 
 the two of you ... i 'm not in favor of it . '' 
 mr. murphy reached to put his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` i think you 're a great girl , sloane , '' he said . 
 `` and i loved your brother . 
 but you and my son ca n't heal when you 're constant reminders of death to each other . 
 go home , honey , '' mr. murphy said . 
 `` i 'm sure your parents are worried . '' 
 `` obviously my parents had called , '' i say to dr. warren . 
 `` they 'd given him the heads-up that i was probably on my way . '' 
 i stop talking then , opting instead to relax into the memory . 
 recognize the moment when james and i knew we were forever . 
 `` i love your son , '' i told mr. murphy as i backed off the porch . 
 `` not because of brady or anything else . 
 i 'm in love with him . '' 
 james 's father lowered his eyes , and then he shut the front door , blocking me out . 
 i stood there , stunned for a moment . 
 but when i headed back to my car , i heard a whistle . 
 i turned to see james running toward me , backpack over his shoulder . 
 `` what are you - '' his face was expressionless . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 he pulled me to my car , and we got in . 
 i drove away , but james looked like he 'd been crying . 
 `` james , '' i started . 
 `` they said that - '' `` sloane , '' he interrupted , staring at me intently . 
 `` they ca n't keep me from you . '' 
 `` then what do we do ? '' 
 i asked . 
 he pointed straight ahead . 
 `` just drive . '' 
 dr. warren shifts behind her desk , and i look at her . 
 she nods her head , encouraging me to remember everything . 
 `` james and i ran away , '' i tell her . 
 `` we went to a campsite with yurts-those tentlike buildings already set up-and james rented it for the rest of the week . 
 no one questioned him because he paid cash and looked older . 
 when we got inside , it was like our own little house . 
 our own little life . '' 
 i lean back in the chair in dr. warren 's office , my body warm from the drugs . 
 i think about how james and i rearranged the bed and table , making it all our own . 
 we wanted to stay there forever . 
 there was a deck of cards , and somehow james talked me into a game of strip poker , only he lost . 
 `` are you purposely losing ? '' 
 i asked him , laughing . 
 `` sloane , when winning means getting you naked , you better believe i 'm going to try my damnedest to win . '' 
 he ran his eyes over my t-shirt and jeans . 
 `` you could at least take off a sock to humor me . '' 
 so i did , taking it off slowly and then tossing it across the room . 
 james 's face changed then , the playfulness fading . 
 `` sloane , '' he whispered , laying down his cards . 
 `` i love you . 
 you make me feel right . '' 
 james crawled over the cards on the floor and stopped in front of me , his face close to mine , studying me . 
 `` i love the way you laugh . 
 cry . 
 i love to make you smile . '' 
 he touched my cheek , and i grinned instinctively . 
 `` make you moan . '' 
 butterflies fluttered in my stomach , and i reached to put my arms around his neck . 
 `` baby , '' he continued , `` i 'm going to live the rest of my life with you , or die trying . '' 
 `` do n't talk about dying , '' i murmured , kissing softly at his lips . 
 `` you 're the only person i can ever trust . 
 you 're the only one who 'll ever know the real me . '' 
 `` i know james loved me , '' i tell dr. warren as tears run down my cheeks . 
 `` because i knew him better than anyone ever could . 
 he always acted like nothing was wrong , that he was tough , but inside , brady 's death tortured him . 
 james hated his father for trying to keep us apart . 
 he resented his mother for leaving when he was a kid . 
 when we were alone , james could be vulnerable , and i loved him then most of all . '' 
 i wipe at my face and glare at dr. warren . 
 `` we were together because we loved each other . 
 and that 's all there ever was . '' 
 dr. warren nods slowly , not jotting anything down , just looking on as if she understands . 
 or maybe it 's fake like everything else . 
 the room is liquidy around me , dreamlike . 
 `` take this , '' she says , sliding me a black pill . 
 it 's different from the usual yellow one i take , and all at once i 'm seized with hope . 
 she 's going to help me after all . 
 a smile twitches my lips , and i lean lazily forward and take the pill , swallowing it gratefully . 
 when i do , she exhales , setting her pen down . 
 `` i 'm sorry for all you 've been through , sloane , '' she says like she means it . 
 `` you should take a moment to say good-bye . '' 
 i furrow my brow . 
 `` good-bye to who ? '' 
 `` james . '' 
 the floor seems to drop out from under me , and despite the drugs slowing my movements , i jump out of the chair . 
 no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 i quickly jam my finger down my throat , gagging as dr. warren tells me to stop and calls to the nurse . 
 i have to throw up the pill before they can erase him . 
 james . 
 but the minute i get the pill back up , the relief is short lived . 
 marilyn walks in with a needle , poised to strip it all away . 
 chapter twelve i 'm sobbing as i stumble from dr. warren 's office . 
 she does n't bother to help me . 
 instead she tells me that it 's okay for me to cry . 
 i swear at her and run my hand along the wall as i head toward the leisure room . 
 james . 
 james . 
 james . 
 i know these are my last minutes to remember him , and i stop , letting myself slide down the wall to sit on the floor . 
 i rest my head on my bent knees and hold on to what i can . 
 i see james , smiling broadly as he rakes his fingers through his wet hair . 
 `` come on , sloane , '' he calls from the water . 
 he 's shirtless , the sun glistening off his skin as he stands in the river . 
 i sit on the grass and shake my head . 
 james walks out of the water , dripping , as he approaches me . 
 he collapses on the blanket , the cool skin of his thigh pressed against my shorts . 
 `` one day , '' he says , his eyes squinted against the sun , `` i 'm going to teach you how to swim . 
 and then we 're going to the ocean . '' 
 `` never . '' 
 `` never ? '' 
 james repeats , sounding amused . 
 he pulls me down next to him and traps me in his arms . 
 his skin is cold , but hot underneath . 
 `` never ? '' 
 i giggle and shake my head . 
 `` and what if i want to get married on the beach ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` you still say no ? '' 
 he bites on his lip , leaning closer to me . 
 `` you 'll refuse to marry me ? '' 
 tingles race over me , and not just because he 's close but because i 'm overwhelmed with how much i love him . 
 how he 's the other half of my heart . 
 `` i 'll never refuse you , '' i whisper . 
 james smiles and then kisses me softly , trailing his mouth to my neck before returning to my lips again . 
 `` it 's me and you , '' he says . 
 `` madly in love until the end . '' 
 and the words echo in my head as i collapse on my side in the hallway , drowning in my pain . 
 i feel something next to me , but my body is heavy and i ca n't move . 
 i try to turn , but my hands are locked at my side . 
 my eyes fly open . 
 a face looms over me , and i start to scream when his hand covers my mouth . 
 `` shh ... miss barstow , '' roger whispers . 
 `` we would n't want to draw attention to ourselves , would we ? '' 
 i twist my hands again and realize he has me in the restraints . 
 i know i 'm not completely helpless . 
 i can bite down on his hand , scream out . 
 but then what ? 
 they 'll restart me in the program-making sure i do n't remember anything that i 'm not supposed to . 
 i shake his hand off my mouth . 
 `` what do you want ? '' 
 he smiles , his eyes gliding over my body under the sheets . 
 `` i think you 'd be a little too feisty to trust with any of my naked parts now , '' he says . 
 `` so i 'm not offering a trade anymore . '' 
 i furrow my brow . 
 `` then what ? '' 
 `` i want michael realm out of here . 
 but first , i want to watch him squirm . '' 
 the vulnerability of my situation crashes down on me . 
 `` what are you going to do ? '' 
 roger shrugs . 
 `` michael is inappropriately fond of you , so i think this scene alone will be enough to push him over the edge , do n't you ? '' 
 with a sickening smile , roger leans over me , placing a kiss on my collarbone , smart enough to avoid getting close to my teeth . 
 he runs his tongue along my skin . 
 `` it 's too bad , '' he murmurs , kissing again . 
 `` we could have had a lot of fun . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i growl . 
 `` i would have enjoyed kneeing you again . '' 
 roger pulls back , examining my expression . 
 `` you think you 're in control ? '' 
 he asks , his peppermint breath warm on my face . 
 `` do you think you 're beating the program ? '' 
 he laughs softly . 
 `` sloane , '' he whispers . 
 `` you used to love someone . 
 do you remember ? '' 
 his words hit me harder than any slap . 
 there 's a twist in my gut , a pain in my heart . 
 love ? 
 i ... i did love someone , i think . 
 it was ... roger moves away with a satisfied grin . 
 `` i should go , '' he says . 
 `` michael should be out of therapy by now . '' 
 he starts to walk away , but then turns back . 
 `` forgot . '' 
 roger pulls a needle out his pocket and stabs me in the thigh . 
 he covers my mouth as i cry out , but it 's only minutes before things start to get hazy . 
 he pulls back the blanket to untie the drawstring of my pants and pulls up my shirt to expose my stomach , making it look like i 've been struggling . 
 my head falls back against the pillow as he watches me carefully , waiting for me to pass out . 
 i can feel the tears leak from the corner of my eyes and slide across my temples . 
 `` sorry i had to strap you down , sloane , '' he says . 
 `` but you were a danger to yourself . '' 
 he pats my shoulder consolingly and walks out . 
 there 's a soft slap against my cheek . 
 `` sloane ? 
 sweetness , wake up . '' 
 there 's another quick tap , and i open my eyes . 
 `` oh , thank god , '' realm murmurs , moving to undo my restraints . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 he demands . 
 `` roger , '' i choke out , my voice raspy . 
 `` he - '' realm stops dead and stares at me . 
 `` roger did this to you ? '' 
 his breathing quickens as he covers me with the blanket , a deep flush on his cheeks . 
 `` he did n't , '' i assure him , knowing he 's thinking the worse . 
 `` but he 's baiting you . 
 he wants you gone . '' 
 realm 's jaw is clenched so tight it sets his face in sharp , hard angles . 
 he undoes the other strap and then rubs my wrist where it 's red as he sits on the edge of my bed . 
 `` sloane , '' he begins quietly . 
 `` i 'm going to be leaving for a few days , but you 'll be safe , okay ? 
 i will come back for you . '' 
 i widen my eyes . 
 `` wait , what ? '' 
 `` i need you to be strong , '' he says . 
 `` just be strong until i get back . '' 
 he stands up , looking at me like he does n't want to leave . 
 then he says good-bye and walks out the door , shutting it behind him . 
 i 'm still groggy , but i get out of bed anyway . 
 the tile floor is ice-cold under my bare feet . 
 i fumble with the door handle and just as i get it open , i see realm stalking toward the nurse 's station . 
 roger 's poised there , laughing with the nurse . 
 i 'm about to yell for realm to stop , but before i can , he cocks back his arm and decks roger , sending him flying over the desk . 
 `` michael ! '' 
 the nurse yells out . 
 but realm jumps over and grabs roger by the neck , his fist pulled back to hit him again . 
 `` which arm ? '' 
 realm snarls . 
 roger looks at him , his cheek already puffing out from where realm 's fist connected . 
 i lean against the door frame , barely able to stand . 
 `` do n't do this , michael , '' roger says . 
 `` you 'll expose us all . '' 
 realm punches him hard in the face again , and i wince , sure that roger 's nose is broken . 
 the nurse is still screaming for them to stop , but she does n't dare intervene . 
 not when realm looks so crazed . 
 `` which arm did you touch her with ? '' 
 realm demands , his face close to roger 's bloodied one . 
 and when the handler does n't answer , i watch as realm grabs roger 's right arm and yanks it so hard behind his back the snap is audible . 
 i stumble in the doorway and fall to my knees . 
 roger howls and realm lets him go , backing away . 
 roger 's arm hangs at an odd angle below the elbow and i try to catch my breath , horrified by the sight . 
 just then security rounds the hall , and i 'm afraid for realm . 
 but instead of pulling out their tasers , the guards skid to a stop in front of him . 
 while one guard helps roger to stand , the other takes hold of realm , whispering something to him as he leads him in the other direction . 
 and rather than fight , realm seems calm-eerily calm even though he just broke a guy 's arm and is being hauled off by the program to god knows where . 
 `` realm ? '' 
 i call after him , the start of a cry in my voice . 
 what are they going to do to him ? 
 he looks over his shoulder then and his eyes widen when he sees me . 
 but he does n't say anything . 
 he just nods as if we have an agreement . 
 and then he lets security take him away . 
 i wait for realm to come back . 
 when i ask nurse kell she says she does n't know what will happen , a disapproving look on her face . 
 i feel exposed and empty with my only friend gone . 
 roger had been right : i 'm not in control of anything . 
 the first day without realm , i see roger in the hall with a security guard on his left . 
 roger 's right arm is in a cast . 
 he has a bandage over his nose and has a black eye . 
 a twisted satisfaction stretches over me . 
 i watch him carry a box of his things , his career here clearly over . 
 and since i have n't been pulled into a meeting , it looks like my name stayed out of it . 
 realm really did find a way to get rid of him . 
 when he passes me , roger pauses long enough to glance sideways at me . 
 i do n't smile because the look in his eyes is pure hatred . 
 it 's a look that says , `` this is n't over . '' 
 i turn away , not acknowledging him , and halfway down the hall i see tabitha standing in her doorway . 
 when she catches my eyes , she nods-just like realm did . 
 as if we all have a secret pact i do n't know about . 
 maybe now that roger 's gone , we 'll all sleep a little easier . 
 the day drags after that , and when i finally make it to dinner in the dining room , derek and shep are at my table . 
 `` hey , '' they say when i sit down . 
 `` hey . '' 
 i 'm not used to talking to them without realm around , and they look as lost as i feel . 
 `` cards tonight ? '' 
 i ask , hoping they 'll distract me from missing realm . 
 `` naw , '' shep says , pushing away his hamburger . 
 `` i want to wait until realm comes back . '' 
 his green eyes are sad , and i want to reach out and touch his hand , but i do n't . 
 i feel strange , as if i 'm hollowed out somehow . 
 i feel vulnerable and empty . 
 `` so you know how he kicked the shit out of that handler ? '' 
 derek asks me . 
 i nod , nervous about what will come next . 
 `` i heard some of the nurses talking , and they said roger was dealing medication and realm busted him . 
 but then the handler said he 'd hurt us if realm turned him in . '' 
 he puffs up his chest . 
 `` now obviously i can take care of myself . 
 so i 'm going to assume the threat was made on you . 
 it explains why realm went crazy on him . '' 
 i shrug and poke at the salad on my plate . 
 `` anyway , '' derek continues , `` kell seems to think they 'll let realm come back . 
 but they fired roger . 
 made him sign some confidentiality agreement with the program . 
 can you believe that ? 
 he should be in jail . '' 
 `` they 'd never jeopardize the program , '' i state . 
 `` we 're the cure , remember ? '' 
 when i look up they 're all staring at me like i 've lost my mind , and i consider that maybe i have . 
 maybe this emptiness is where my heart used to be . 
 i stand up , pushing away my tray and head into the leisure room , taking a seat by the window and staring out . 
 chapter thirteen i 've been in the program for four weeks and eight hours . 
 realm still is n't back , but i have n't given up hope . 
 i do n't remember much of my past , but there is a sense that i was happy once . 
 and it makes me think i could be again . 
 tabitha and i are standing in front of the leisure room as she shows me her fingernails . 
 as a reward for good behavior , they let her have some polish , and although her nails are still short , they 're now neon pink . 
 she wiggles them admiringly . 
 `` they look great , '' i tell her , also noticing how she 's started to brush her hair . 
 `` thanks , '' tabitha says . 
 `` i leave in two weeks , can you believe it ? 
 i think they 're going to let me get my hair done , too . 
 dr. warren thinks i 'd look better with auburn instead of red . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 i shrug . 
 `` i like it how it is . '' 
 she smiles as if my compliment truly means a lot to her . 
 but then she notices something behind me and her grin widens . 
 `` sloane , '' she says . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` loverboy is back . '' 
 i turn quickly and see realm walking toward us , his lemon-yellow scrubs freshly pressed . 
 a weak sigh escapes from my lips as my whole body releases my fear . 
 i run toward him and he holds out his arms for a hug . 
 `` you 're okay , '' i whisper in his ear the minute he swoops me up , my feet dangling over the floor . 
 he smells like soap and laundry detergent , and i 'm so happy i do n't think i can let him go . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' he says , hugging me tight . 
 when he sets me down , he waves to tabitha and she giggles and walks away . 
 realm then stares down into my face , his skin looking paler . 
 `` did anything happen while i was gone ? '' 
 he asks , putting his hands on my shoulders and massaging them softly . 
 `` roger was fired . '' 
 realm smiles and then hugs me again . 
 `` told you he would n't bother you again . '' 
 he rests his cheek on the top of my head . 
 `` you did n't tell anyone about what he offered you , right ? '' 
 he whispers quietly . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` good . '' 
 `` the boys wo n't play cards without you , '' i say , wanting to change the subject . 
 `` i think they miss you . '' 
 `` did you miss me ? '' 
 and even though we 're hugging , even though i 'm so glad to have him back , i feel strange about his question . 
 `` of course , '' i answer , because it 's the truth . 
 i pull away and notice the bandage on his knuckles . 
 when he sees me looking he holds it up . 
 `` cut it on his tooth , '' he says . 
 `` two stitches . '' 
 `` he looked worse , believe me . '' 
 realm seems satisfied with this , takes my hand in his uninjured one , and leads us to the leisure room . 
 the card game is in full swing , and realm and i have pretzels dangling from our mouths as we call out bullshit . 
 everyone is laughing . 
 `` there 's no way you have diamonds , '' shep yells at derek . 
 `` i have them all , dude . 
 bullshit . '' 
 it 's the closest thing you 'll ever get to a diamond from him . 
 i blink . 
 the voice in my head is not mine . 
 it 's from somewhere else , and i see a purple heart-shaped ring with sparkles in it . 
 i 'm stuffing it in a mattress , but i do n't know why . 
 whose ring is that ? 
 `` sloane , '' realm says , bumping my knee . 
 `` you okay ? '' 
 i nod , looking back at him , but not really seeing him . 
 inside i feel a pull-something yanking out my heart . 
 i miss someone . 
 i know it plainly , and yet i ca n't conjure up a face . 
 an image . 
 it 's like an ache , a phantom pain for an appendage that 's no longer there . 
 i do n't know what i 've lost , where i 've been . 
 i think on it , and i do n't know if i had a boyfriend before the program , if i 'm even a virgin anymore . 
 i 'm a stranger to myself . 
 this thought makes tears spring to my eyes . 
 i want to be me , and yet i 'm not sure who i am . 
 i cover my face , sobbing into my hands , and then realm moves into the chair with me , wrapping his arms around me . 
 `` whoa , '' i hear shep say , sounding nervous . 
 `` what 's wrong with you , sloane ? '' 
 `` she 's fine , '' realm says quickly , rubbing my upper arm as i cry into his shoulder . 
 `` does n't look fine , '' shep answers . 
 i feel realm tense , but then he sighs . 
 `` she just missed me a bunch , right , sweetness ? '' 
 he says jokingly . 
 `` it must have been tragic sitting here with you guys for three days . '' 
 they scoff , but i feel the tension leave the table . 
 `` come on , '' realm says , helping me stand up . 
 i 'm too embarrassed to look at the guys , so i keep my face hidden against his shirt . 
 `` game 's done for tonight . '' 
 `` ah , man ! '' 
 derek yells , and i hear the smack of his cards on the table . 
 realm does n't respond , and leads me out into hall and toward his room . 
 by the time we get there the tears have stopped , and i feel a little more in control , although still empty . 
 `` come hang out with me ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i nod and he smiles , sneaking me into his room . 
 i 'm sitting in a chair by realm 's bed as he lays out another round of solitaire . 
 it 's past eleven , but no one has come to kick me out . 
 it 's been three days since realm came back , and night after night , i 've been allowed to stay in here with him . 
 it 's strange , and i 'm not sure if i should be worried or grateful . 
 it 's definitely better than being alone . 
 `` why do n't they bother us ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what 's that ? '' 
 realm groans and lays the cards aside . 
 `` how can i not win ? 
 i 'm playing myself . '' 
 `` they never send me back to my room . 
 why ? '' 
 realm stretches , raising his hands above his head . 
 `` maybe they think we 're a cute couple . '' 
 `` i 'm serious . '' 
 `` and i 'm tired . '' 
 his dark eyes look me over . 
 `` come to bed with me ? '' 
 i look at the door , considering going back to my room , but when my feet touch the floor and i feel its coldness even through my slipper socks , i decide to stay . 
 `` i guess , '' i tell him , pretending like i do n't want to . 
 he rolls his eyes and holds up the blanket as i climb in next to him . 
 he puts his arm around me , sighing as i snuggle against him . 
 this is how we 've been since he came back . 
 he lets me stay in here , holding me close . 
 it 's been nice . 
 `` this is n't so bad , right ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` there are definitely worse things . '' 
 `` we 're in the program , '' i remind him . 
 `` i do n't think it can get worse than this . '' 
 realm brushes my hair aside , his fingers running down my neck , tickling me . 
 he continues down my spine , a feather light touch over my scrubs , and then back up again . 
 `` it can always get worse . '' 
 his other hand reaches to take my scarred wrist , and he brings it to his mouth , kissing the mark there . 
 i swallow hard . 
 his gesture is kind . 
 even sexy . 
 realm flattens his palm on my lower back , pressing me into him . 
 he kisses my inner forearm , my shoulder . 
 `` i could love you , sloane , '' he whispers next to my ear . 
 `` you do n't have to be alone . '' 
 you used to love someone , roger had told me once . 
 what did he mean ? 
 was there someone before the program ? 
 realm brings his mouth close to mine but pauses to look in my eyes as if asking permission . 
 his feelings are so clear , so sure . 
 i do n't know what i feel right now , other than alone . 
 so i lean forward and kiss him . 
 realm 's lips are soft but unfamiliar . 
 warm but not hot . 
 my hands hesitate on the sides of his face , and i realize as his tongue touches mine that i do n't feel lust or hurt or anger . 
 i do n't feel love or disgust . 
 i feel ... grief . 
 his hand slides down to pull my thigh over his hip . 
 we could do anything right now ; no one is bothering us . 
 he lays me back in the bed , lying between my legs as he trails kisses down my neck and back up again . 
 my eyes close , and i try to feel something other than sadness as realm knots his fingers in my hair , murmurs how beautiful i am . 
 his hand is cool as it slips inside my shirt , grazing my stomach before pausing at my bra . 
 and all at once my eyes open , and i 'm struck with sudden guilt . 
 a sense of wrong so intense that i push realm 's hand away and roll out from under him . 
 `` no , '' i say , climbing off the bed . 
 i straighten my scrubs as i catch my breath . 
 `` i ca n't ... i ca n't . '' 
 `` i should n't have done that , '' realm says quickly , his face reddening as he talks . 
 `` i 'm so sorry . 
 do n't go , please . '' 
 i shake my head , backing away . 
 `` i ... i should sleep in my own bed tonight . 
 i 'll see you tomorrow , okay ? '' 
 and then without waiting for an answer , i hurry out into the hall toward my room . 
 my heart pounds , and i feel so confused , so unsure of myself . 
 i 'm racked with guilt and i do n't even know why . 
 i pass the nurses ' station , but the young nurse does n't ask why i 'm coming out of realm 's room after hours , or what we were doing in there . 
 she just types something into the computer and watches as i go into my room . 
 once i 'm inside , i crawl into bed and pray for sleep . 
 chapter fourteen i skip breakfast the next morning and avoid realm . 
 i 'm embarrassed that i bailed like that , no explanation . 
 i liked kissing him-he 's a good kisser . 
 but something made it feel wrong , like i should n't be touching him at all . 
 i pull my legs under me as i sit on my bed , staring at the door and daring myself to leave the room . 
 i have to face him and hope he pretends like nothing happened . 
 he 's my best friend , and i might like him as more than that ... . 
 but i do n't know . 
 maybe i 'm just an idiot . 
 finally gathering the courage , i walk out into the hall and check the leisure room first . 
 derek sees me and nods a hello as he and shep watch tv . 
 `` you guys seen realm ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` nope , '' derek says , not looking away from the screen . 
 `` think he 's got an early session with dr. warren today . '' 
 i curl my lip . 
 i have therapy this afternoon , and i 'm dreading it , although she tells me my progress has been exceptional . 
 not like i can remember if she was telling the truth . 
 i head down toward the offices , wondering if i 'll catch him coming out . 
 when i get to dr. warren 's door , it 's closed , and i figure realm might still be in there . 
 i lean against the wall next to it to wait when i hear raised voices . 
 `` michael , '' i hear dr. warren say , `` sexual contact is not permitted . 
 it 's against the law , and we will prosecute you to the fullest extent of - '' `` we 're not sleeping together . '' 
 i recognize realm 's voice , and i immediately touch my lips , scared he 's in trouble . 
 `` i told you , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm doing what i 'm supposed to , and we kissed . 
 that 's it . '' 
 i stand outside the door , listening and worried . 
 i did n't think they cared that realm and i hung out , but maybe they do . 
 maybe they 've been watching us this entire time . 
 `` even that is crossing the line . 
 and after your little dustup with roger , i do n't think we can handle anymore of your liability . 
 i 'm sorry , michael . 
 i 'm going to have to send you to another facility . '' 
 no ! 
 panic overtakes me , and i almost burst into the room to defend him , but realm is talking again . 
 `` if you send me away now , you 'll jeopardize her recovery , '' he says . 
 `` sloane already thinks i 'm leaving next week . 
 there 's no reason to create a situation where she casts you as the bad guy . 
 her transformation has been remarkable , do n't you think ? '' 
 tiny prickles of fear race up my arms . 
 what 's he talking about ? 
 `` yes . 
 she 's come a long way , '' dr. warren muses . 
 `` fine . 
 you can stay the week , finish this stage of the therapy , but i 'm warning you : hands off . 
 they could bring a lawsuit against the program . '' 
 `` you know as well as i do that physical contact can do wonders for recovery . 
 for trust building . '' 
 `` hands off , '' dr. warren repeats with a finality in her tone . 
 she exhales . 
 `` michael , are you certain she can complete treatment ? 
 there are other options - '' `` sloane will return on time , '' realm says . 
 `` i just need a little more space to make sure the memories are cleared out . 
 she 's very fragile right now . '' 
 i stand there completely stunned as i try to wrap my mind around what i 've just heard . 
 is realm even a patient ? 
 i ... i do n't know what to think anymore . 
 did he set me up ? 
 `` fine , '' dr. warren responds . 
 `` then i guess we 're done here . '' 
 `` almost , '' realm says in a quiet voice . 
 i 'm still next to the door when it opens suddenly . 
 i push back against the wall , my heart pounding , as realm stalks out . 
 he starts to leave and then pauses . 
 i hold my breath . 
 `` do n't get caught standing there , '' he murmurs , not turning to me . 
 `` or they 'll send you away for another six weeks . 
 maybe more . '' 
 he lowers his head and then walks down the hallway . 
 i want to run after him and ask him what 's going on-make him explain . 
 but the realization is just hitting me . 
 realm is working with them . 
 he 's my friend , my only friend , but it 's not real . 
 he 's part of the program . 
 oh , god . 
 realm is part of the program ! 
 all this time i 've confided in him , he 's been passing the information to dr. warren-things i do n't discuss in therapy . 
 my secrets . 
 realm . 
 my lip quivers at the same time my hand clenches in a fist . 
 he 's ... he 's been messing with my mind . 
 he 's no better than any of them . 
 realm does n't sit with me at dinner , and i do n't raise my head when he passes me . 
 a few people ask if we 're fighting , but i ignore them , picking at the chicken on my tray . 
 realm is a plant , a fake . 
 i could out him in front of everyone here , and this entire place would explode . 
 but what happens after ? 
 will they send us all through the program again ? 
 are derek and shep a part of it ? 
 anger is fighting its way past the meds in my system . 
 i look over to where realm is sitting with his friends , and i stand , my hands shaking . 
 i start over , and realm looks at me just before i reach him and jumps up . 
 `` hey , sweetness , '' he says , and i can see how forced his smile is as he grabs my arm hard , turning me in the other direction . 
 `` do n't touch me , '' i hiss , yanking away from him . 
 realm fixes me with a warning glare and then turns back to his table . 
 `` looks like i 've moved from the doghouse to the porta-potty , '' he says , making them laugh . 
 `` i 'll catch up with you guys later . '' 
 they chuckle , but i 'm backing toward the door , tears gathering in my eyes . 
 when he notices , realm grabs me quickly into a hug , pushing my cheek against his shirt as i struggle to pull away . 
 `` do n't let them see you cry , '' he says quietly . 
 `` i 'll tell you whatever you want to know , but if they think you 're breaking down , they 'll keep you . 
 i know you want to go home , sloane . '' 
 i put my hand on his forearm , digging my nails in as hard as i can . 
 he flinches , but he does n't pull away . 
 i stop , knowing that i 'm hurting him , and thinking that even now ... i do n't want to . 
 what i want is for him to tell me that i 'm wrong . 
 that he 's real and has n't betrayed me . 
 i sniffle and wipe my tears on his shirt before straightening up . 
 `` my man is smooth , '' derek says with a laugh from behind us . 
 realm looks down at me , his expression miserable . 
 his dark eyes are so sorry , but his jaw is tight , and i do n't know if i can believe any of the emotions he shows me . 
 i 'm suddenly struck with the idea that i do n't know what 's true anymore . 
 maybe i 've finally snapped . 
 realm takes my hand and leads me toward the doorway , saying nothing . 
 when we get there , nurse kell shoots realm a worried glance . 
 `` it 's fine , '' he says . 
 then quieter , `` can you please send the meds directly to her room ? 
 now . '' 
 she nods , and then realm pulls me into the hall . 
 but instead of going to my room , he takes the turn toward his . 
 he keeps his eyes straight ahead , his grip tight on my wrist . 
 `` what are we doing ? '' 
 i ask , wondering if i should be scared of him . 
 that maybe he could be as dangerous as roger . 
 `` they ca n't listen here , '' he mumbles , and brings us inside . 
 realm backs me against the door as he closes it , standing with his head bent by my ear . 
 `` i know you heard , '' he whispers , `` and please believe me , i really am your friend . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you . '' 
 he puts his hands against the door on either side of my head . 
 if anyone were to look in on us , they might think we were in some romantic against-the-door moment . 
 `` i 'm a special sort of handler , '' he continues . 
 `` i 'm embedded with the other patients but was assigned specifically to you because you 're ... difficult . '' 
 a pain rips across my chest as he confirms my worst fear : that my only friend in the world , the only one i can remember , is n't real . 
 i 've been manipulated , and i feel violated and ravaged . 
 realm moves closer , sliding one arm behind me as if in an embrace . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , sloane , '' he says , his mouth touching my ear . 
 `` but i promise you , i 'm only trying to help . 
 if i did n't intervene , they were going to dig deeper . 
 do you know what that means ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` you could have been lobotomized . '' 
 i start to feel weak in his arms and i want to lie down , but he holds me fast . 
 `` you ca n't fall apart now , '' he soothes . 
 `` they 're going to know something is wrong . '' 
 i look up at him then , at the scar on his neck . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' i say , my chest aching . 
 `` you 're one of us . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` i was in the program last year '' - he motions to his neck - `` for an unfortunate incident with a serrated knife . 
 but then i got here , got better . 
 about halfway through , dr. warren pulled me aside and asked what i planned to do when i got out . 
 `` i had nothing to go back for . 
 my parents died a long time ago , and i could n't remember any of my friends . 
 i had nothing . 
 so dr. warren offered me a job-a future within the program to rehabilitate patients . 
 i signed a contract . '' 
 `` what do you do to us ? '' 
 he cringes , as if knowing i wo n't like the answer . 
 `` form healthy relationships ; reestablish connections so that subjects are n't shell-shocked when they leave . 
 we were having relapses and meltdowns , and they determined it was from the trauma of reassimilating . 
 emotions are like raw nerve endings , and without some sort of preparation , it 's like sending back an exposed wire . '' 
 `` so you were n't just pretending to be my friend ? '' 
 i challenge . 
 `` you did n't betray me and tell them the things we talked about ? 
 things i ca n't even remember anymore . '' 
 `` of course i had to tell them , '' he says . 
 `` i had to make sure the therapy was taking . 
 and believe me , sweetness , you would n't want to walk around with half memories anyway . 
 you could go crazy . '' 
 i yank my hands from his and push him back . 
 `` and kissing me ? 
 was that part of my rehabilitation ? '' 
 i 'm embarrassed saying it , feeling cheated somehow . 
 used . 
 realm shakes his head . 
 `` no , it was n't . 
 i should n't have done that . '' 
 `` then why did you ? '' 
 realm lowers his eyes . 
 `` i care about you . 
 i 'm lonely too . 
 just because i 'm not a patient does n't mean that i do n't feel the same isolation you guys do . 
 i 've been here five weeks , sloane . 
 i want to leave . 
 and i want to take you with me . '' 
 i push him again , backing him to the bed . 
 he does n't try and protect himself . 
 the thought that realm could have left at any point while i was held against my will makes me hate him . 
 `` roger ? '' 
 i ask suddenly . 
 `` was he a part of this too ? '' 
 `` no , '' realm says . 
 `` i mean , he used to be . 
 but not anymore . 
 he had no right to do the things he did . 
 i did n't know , i swear - '' `` yes , because your word means so much now . '' 
 `` i did n't , sloane . 
 i would have done anything to protect you . '' 
 `` is that before or after you helped them erase my life ? 
 do you think i can forgive that ? 
 do you think i can ever get over that ? '' 
 `` i hope so , '' he says . 
 `` i ... '' he stops , and his pale skin is even more white than usual-like he might get sick . 
 `` i have nothing . 
 and this is the first time i thought i might be able to build a life again . 
 when i leave here , i 'll have six weeks off before returning to the program at a different facility . 
 i 'm under contract for two years-a contract i ca n't break or they 'll erase everything about me . 
 i 'm trying to save both of us , and i thought that once you were released , we could be together . '' 
 i laugh . 
 i know it 's cruel , but i do n't care . 
 i 'm so hurt that i want to be mean . 
 i want him to know what he 's done to me . 
 `` well , '' i say , `` that 's never going to happen . 
 your contract might end sooner than you think because it does n't look like my therapy is going to take , michael . '' 
 i growl his name . 
 realm grabs my wrists hard then , pulling me toward him . 
 `` do n't say that . 
 you 're getting out of here . 
 but you do n't leave by fighting . 
 they 'll never let you out that way . '' 
 i scoff . 
 `` what do i have to do then ? 
 kiss you until i 'm released ? '' 
 he drops his arms . 
 `` no , and i understand if you do n't want to talk to me anymore . 
 please believe me when i say that was n't part of this . 
 i kissed you because i wanted to . 
 you 're strong and smart , and you make me want to live , sloane . '' 
 he looks in my eyes . 
 `` but you ca n't tell anyone about this . 
 you 'll compromise me . '' 
 there 's a loud knock at the door , and we both jump . 
 i wipe again quickly at my face as realm 's eyes flick between me and the door . 
 the handle turns , and nurse kell pops her head in . 
 `` i have your medication , dears , '' she says , her voice sickly sweet . 
 her shoulders are rigid , and i think that she 's been looking for us for a while . 
 `` take it , '' realm murmurs to me as he grabs the cup the nurse is holding out to him . 
 he dips his chin to her in appreciation , and i reach for the other cup on the tray . 
 my hands are shaking so badly , i 'm sure nurse kell has to notice . 
 i stare down into the dixie cup but do n't take the white pill . 
 instead i look back at realm defiantly . 
 his expression weakens , as if begging me . 
 `` no , '' i tell nurse kell . 
 `` i 'm fine without it tonight . '' 
 i put the cup back on the tray and turn , walking across the room to stand by realm 's side table . 
 my entire body is pulsing with anger and hatred . 
 i 'm going to tear this f ** king place apart . 
 i hear realm whisper something to her , but i do n't turn to look . 
 they can both go to hell . 
 dr. warren can go to hell . 
 i do n't even want to get out anymore . 
 i just want to take them down . 
 `` okay , then , '' nurse kell says with a forced cheerfulness . 
 `` everyone else is in the leisure room if you care to join them . '' 
 `` we 'll be out in a second , '' realm answers . 
 i look over then and see him watching me , his brow creased with concern . 
 nurse kell bites her lip and then backs out , leaving us alone again . 
 `` what was in the medication ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he looks defeated . 
 `` something to relax you . '' 
 `` and what was in yours , michael ? '' 
 `` same as always . 
 sugar pill . '' 
 i cross the room and slap him . 
 my palm stings as it connects with his cheek . 
 he flinches from the pain and then turns fiercely and grabs me by my shoulders , backing me hard against the wall as i gasp . 
 a red handprint is obvious on his face and he 's exhaling quickly , like he 's about to lose it on me . 
 `` hit me , '' i snarl . 
 `` i dare you to throw me down and report me . 
 because there is no way in hell i 'll let you get away with this . '' 
 i lean close to his face . 
 `` i 'll tell everyone . '' 
 the anger in realm 's expression fades , his grip loosens . 
 we 're against each other , breathing heavily . 
 but instead of turning me in , realm puts his mouth over mine and kisses me hard . 
 i try to yank away at first , but in his lips is intensity and passion . 
 it 's a sort of comfort that i 've missed . 
 despite everything that 's happened , this feels real . 
 and i need something to be real after all the lies . 
 i stop fighting . 
 and just as i let his tongue touch mine , something pierces my thigh . 
 i cry out and push realm back . 
 he 's holding a needle , fluid still dripping from the tip . 
 his eyes start watering . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he whispers . 
 `` i ca n't let them erase me . '' 
 `` what did you do ? '' 
 i cry out , completely stunned and horrified . 
 `` realm , what did you just do ? '' 
 `` i had to , sloane . '' 
 he holds out his hand to me , but i slap it away and rush past him . 
 `` do n't touch me ! '' 
 i scream , pulling open his door . 
 i 'm scared he 's going to follow me , so i try to hurry to my room . 
 but i 'm only halfway down the hall when i feel the first wave of medication crash over me . 
 i stumble forward , not sure how i 'm going to make it to my bed . 
 this is like the effect of the yellow pill that dr. warren gives me , only stronger . 
 i suddenly think that the program is going to kill me for finding out about realm . 
 that realm is going to kill me . 
 i stagger in my doorway and then fall , my knee hitting the white floor hard . 
 i 'm on my hands and knees , the room tipping from side to side in front of me as i crawl toward the safety of my bed . 
 `` sloane , '' i hear , and then arms are around my waist , helping me up . 
 i turn my head lazily to the side and see realm . 
 `` no , '' i say , trying to fight him off . 
 `` leave me alone . '' 
 but the words are slurred on my lips as he leads me to the bed . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 it 's the only way . 
 i swear , it 's the only way . '' 
 `` what have you done ? '' 
 i ask , although i 'm not sure if he can understand me as sleep starts to drown me like rushing river water . 
 `` i ca n't let you remember , '' he murmurs , helping me into bed and then climbing in next to me , holding me protectively in his arms even as i struggle weakly . 
 he 's still talking , but his voice is fading out , fading over me . '' 
 ... or i 'll never get out . '' 
 `` i 'll tell everyone , '' i try to say , but i ca n't keep my eyes open . 
 `` i 'll tell everyone . '' 
 and then realm 's gone . 
 and so am i. chapter fifteen my eyes flutter open , and i cover my face with my forearm , blocking out the light from the overhead fluorescents . 
 my head is pounding , feeling thick with sleep . 
 when the fog starts to clear , i look to my side table , and the clock reads almost ten . 
 the room smells like toast , and i find the cart on the other side with a covered tray . 
 the food is probably long cold by now . 
 why did n't anyone wake me ? 
 i slip on my robe , wondering where everyone is . 
 i pause at my door , before going out into the hall . 
 there 's a young nurse at the station typing on her computer , and from the leisure room i can hear the tv . 
 everything seems normal , and yet ... i 'm confused . 
 `` ah . 
 you 're awake . '' 
 i jump and turn to see nurse kell walking toward me from the other direction , smiling broadly . 
 `` you were n't feeling well today , so we let you sleep in . 
 did you want me to get you a snack , honey ? '' 
 `` not feeling well ? '' 
 i look down the hallway as derek walks by , saluting me in greeting . 
 `` i 'm ... '' pushing my hair away from my face , i think back to yesterday . 
 but i ca n't find anything there . 
 `` what day is it ? '' 
 i ask . 
 nurse kell smiles like the question is n't even odd . 
 `` it 's saturday . 
 and the sun is finally out if you 'd like to go out to the garden . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 i 'm stunned by her statement , never having been let outside before . 
 saturday ? 
 `` it 's friday , is n't it ? '' 
 i 'm sure it 's friday . 
 `` no , honey . 
 but you were running a fever yesterday , and we had to medicate you . 
 so i 'm not surprised you do n't remember . '' 
 my mind starts to race then , and i know that they 've done something to my memory . 
 i keep my face calm , but nurse kell can see what i 'm thinking . 
 i want to scream . 
 i want to punch her . 
 i want them out of my head . 
 what did they erase this time ? 
 whatever it is , it was n't theirs to take . 
 `` where 's realm ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` he 's playing cards in the other room . '' 
 she brushes my hair off my shoulder , her face a portrait of concern . 
 `` you go see him , and i 'll get you some clean clothes for your shower . 
 you should really take it easy today . '' 
 i want to slap her hand away from me , but instead i just turn and hurry toward the leisure room . 
 when i get inside , realm immediately looks up , smiling around the pretzel cigar in his mouth . 
 `` hey , sweetness . 
 did n't think you 'd ever get up . '' 
 `` i need to talk to you , '' i say , shifting uneasily from foot to foot . 
 realm 's face drops , and he yanks out the pretzel and tosses down his cards . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 shep calls , but realm is stalking toward me . 
 he takes my arm , lowering his head . 
 `` what is it ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 he whispers , studying my eyes . 
 i cling to realm , pressing my face against his chest . 
 `` they did something to me , '' i say . 
 his body is stiff at first , but then he relaxes around me , gently stroking my hair . 
 `` how so ? '' 
 `` i ca n't remember yesterday . 
 a whole day ! 
 they wo n't leave me alone , '' i tell him , and i feel the tears wet on my cheek , on his shirt . 
 `` sloane , you were sick . 
 why do you think they did something to you ? '' 
 `` i just know . '' 
 i knot my hands in the back of realm 's shirt , keeping him there , not caring as his friends call out to us-telling us to get a room . 
 not caring that i can feel the stares of the nurses . 
 nobody breaks us up , though , and realm wipes my tears with his thumbs . 
 `` want to go outside ? '' 
 he asks , a small smile on his face . 
 `` they told me you earned some garden time . '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` for being a good girl . '' 
 he grins . 
 `` kidding . 
 you 're getting close to release time . 
 everyone gets to go out when that happens . '' 
 `` not you . '' 
 realm looks away . 
 `` wait , '' i say . 
 `` you could go outside all this time ? '' 
 he nods , and i scoff . 
 `` well , why have n't you ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` you should be getting fresh air , not be trapped in here . '' 
 `` i was waiting for you , '' he says with a shrug . 
 a smile pulls at my lips as i think realm 's entirely sweet . 
 that he cares about me . 
 `` you 're an idiot , '' i say . 
 `` but that 's what i like about you . '' 
 the thought of actual sunlight fills me with so much hope that i jog toward my room to get into fresh scrubs . 
 i 'm going outside . 
 `` this is really beautiful , '' i say as we walk down the rows of flowers . 
 the gravel pathway crunches under my sneakers , and in the light , true sunlight , realm 's black hair is a sharp contrast to his skin . 
 i think he 'd look better as a blond . 
 `` hold hands ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` no , i like my freedom , '' i say absently , looking over the expansive lawn . 
 i wonder if i could escape , but i see a tall iron fence just beyond the neat row of trees . 
 my heart sinks just a little . 
 realm is kicking at the rocks as we walk , and he seems down . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he looks at me , startled . 
 `` oh , nothing . 
 i was just thinking about when i 'm out . '' 
 `` soon . '' 
 he nods . 
 `` yep . '' 
 he turns to me then , stopping me in the path . 
 `` what are you going to do when you 're out , sloane ? 
 who 's the first person you want to see ? '' 
 he smiles then , that adorable smile that makes me feel like we 're sharing secrets . 
 only out here it does n't seem so infectious . 
 i 'm not sure how to answer because when i think of home , all i can see are my parents . 
 a few random faces pop up , but they 're just classmates , none of them my friends . 
 the loneliness once again overwhelms me , and i stagger back . 
 realm catches my arm and straightens me . 
 `` hey , '' he says . 
 `` you okay ? 
 did you remember something ? '' 
 `` no , '' i whisper . 
 `` and that 's the problem . 
 i do n't remember anything anymore . '' 
 realm meets my eyes . 
 `` do you remember me ? '' 
 `` of course . 
 but i do n't know if they 're going to take you , too . '' 
 `` they wo n't . '' 
 i watch as he lowers his head , the black hair dye too dark-fake . 
 `` how do you know ? '' 
 i ask . 
 his throat clicks as he swallows , but then he glances up , smiling . 
 `` because you could n't forget me , sloane . 
 i 'm way too awesome . '' 
 i laugh , but it 's out of obligation . 
 his joke does n't cheer me up or set me at ease . 
 i do n't like the way he looks in the light . 
 everything around me is too sharply focused . 
 i motion back toward the building . 
 `` i want to go inside , '' i say , turning and heading back . 
 realm runs to catch up with me , surprised , i 'm sure . 
 `` sloane , '' he asks carefully . 
 `` are you mad at me ? '' 
 i furrow my brow . 
 `` no . 
 why do you ask ? '' 
 `` you just do n't seem to like me anymore . '' 
 i consider taking his hand then , but i do n't . 
 i keep walking , and he falls behind a little . 
 i have no idea how to explain to realm that , in the light , he 's not what i thought he was . 
 that i do feel different today . 
 about him . 
 about everything . 
 i 'm not quite sure why , but more than ever i 'm desperate to go home . 
 i 'm going to play this game , beat the program . 
 i 'm going to get out of here . 
 realm is practically glued to my side at lunch . 
 under the harsh fluorescents , he looks more himself . 
 and yet , i sense that something is off . 
 every time he touches my arm , or tries to take my hand , i shrink away . 
 he does n't ask again if i like him , but i see the question in his eyes . 
 i leave him and decide to take a long shower , the nurses allowing it although one of them stays in the bathroom with me . 
 i must be in there almost a half hour because my skin is pruned and i 'm exhausted from the heat . 
 everything about today is wrong , my new freedom , my changed feelings . 
 i almost skip dinner , but i 'm hungry so i go downstairs . 
 at the last minute i decide to sit with tabitha , ignoring realm as he waits at our table . 
 i ca n't make sense of my emotions , of how i want to stay away from my only real friend . 
 `` so are you and realm , like , broken up ? '' 
 tabitha asks , poking her spork into her cube steak . 
 her hair is a shiny brunette , the red long gone . 
 she hardly looks like the same person , but she seems healthier . 
 even her short-term memory seems restored . 
 `` we were n't dating , '' i say , not glancing up . 
 `` yeah , right . 
 he follows you around like a puppy , and you do n't seem to mind . '' 
 she pauses and smiles . 
 `` so can i take a shot at him ? '' 
 there 's a turn in my stomach , and i 'm not sure if it 's jealousy or some sort of worry . 
 `` go ahead , but he leaves in less than a week . 
 quick romance . '' 
 `` i 'm just looking to have sex . '' 
 i laugh and look up at her , but she just grins at me . 
 `` i knew that would get your attention . '' 
 `` i hope you 're kidding . '' 
 i 'm still smiling as i put a green bean in my mouth . 
 tabitha stares past me at realm , making kissy faces to his back as he faces away . 
 something about this moment is authentic , and i like it . 
 `` hey , '' i ask her . 
 `` want to play cards with us later ? '' 
 tabitha beams . 
 `` seriously ? 
 you 're inviting me to hang with the cool kids ? '' 
 she 's trying to sound sarcastic , but her expression tells me she 's thrilled to be included . 
 `` you are hereby inducted into the club , '' i say . 
 and then just to make it official we cheers our cartons of milk . 
 chapter sixteen `` bullshit , sloane , '' realm calls as i sit across from him . 
 my mouth twitches with a smile . 
 `` no way . '' 
 `` show the cards . '' 
 realm narrows his eyes like he thinks i 'll cheat . 
 i look around the table at tabitha , who 's giggling behind her hand , and shep and derek as they yell for me to flip my hand . 
 i roll my eyes and turn them over . 
 realm crosses his arms over his chest , looking impressed . 
 `` three queens , '' i say . 
 `` ca n't believe you really had it , '' shep says , laughing as he slides the cards toward realm . 
 when realm picks them up , he looks me over , studying my expression . 
 `` guess i ca n't tell when you 're lying , '' he says quietly . 
 `` guess you ca n't . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` i knew she was telling the truth , '' tabitha says , looking proud . 
 `` did not , '' shep argues . 
 i continue to grin as we start the next hand , and i feel normal . 
 maybe the most normal i 've felt since coming to the program . 
 my medications have been cut down and my weight has stabilized . 
 the fog that 's been with me since the beginning is gone . 
 this is real . 
 when i look up , i see realm watching me , his head tilted to the side . 
 just like in the garden , he seems a little sad , but i do n't know why . 
 you 'd think he 'd be happy to be leaving the program . 
 he should be happy to be almost home . 
 over the next few days , tabitha wins every hand of bullshit , even catches me lying once . 
 i ca n't help but think that none of us should be in here . 
 we 're normal . 
 no one 's talking about suicide , or crying . 
 when i see the new patients come in , they 're a mess-sobbing and fighting . 
 we 're a world apart from them now , and i ca n't imagine that i was ever like that . 
 i 'm sitting in my room reading a magazine when there 's a knock at my door . 
 it opens slowly and realm pops his head in . 
 `` hey , '' he says quietly . 
 i smile . 
 `` hey . '' 
 realm enters , shutting the door behind him before taking a seat next to my bed , chewing on his lip . 
 `` i 'm ... '' he clears his throat . 
 `` i 'm leaving tomorrow , sloane . '' 
 there 's a heavy pain in my chest . 
 `` oh . '' 
 we stare at each for a long minute , and then i hold up my arms and realm climbs onto the bed to hug me . 
 we stay like that for a long time before he sniffles and wipes his face . 
 `` this is the first time i 've seen you cry , '' i say , my own voice choked up . 
 `` can i ask you something , sloane ? '' 
 realm 's voice is low like he 's not sure he should . 
 `` of course . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` can we see each other again-after all of this is over ? '' 
 i furrow my brow , thinking it 's a strange question to ask . 
 that of course i would see him again . 
 but inside , i feel doubt-that maybe i did n't intend to find realm . 
 like there 's something holding me back from him . 
 when i do n't answer right away , he nods , a tear sliding down the side of his nose . 
 `` i should go , '' he says . 
 `` i 've got to get back to the boys . 
 they 're having a going-away party for me . '' 
 `` and i was n't invited ? '' 
 i ask , not wanting realm to leave . 
 i feel terrible , like i 'm a bad friend to him . 
 `` sorry , sweetness , '' he says . 
 `` guys only . '' 
 realm stands but i reach out to take his arm , stopping him from walking away . 
 he pauses , looking down at the floor as if he 's afraid to turn to me . 
 i climb out of bed and pull him into a hug , resting my cheek against his chest . 
 `` i 'll miss you , '' i say . 
 `` i 'll miss you madly . '' 
 realm squeezes me tightly then , his arm clasped around me . 
 `` i 'll miss you , too . '' 
 and when he pulls back , i give him a soft peck on the lips , hoping it 's enough . 
 hoping it shows how much i care . 
 but by the sad smile on his face , i know it 's not . 
 so i let him leave . 
 the nurse gives me permission to take one last walk with realm , so we go out to the garden . 
 it 's sunny and bright , and i think again how beautiful the flowers look . 
 realm 's ride will be here in less than a half hour , and then he 'll be gone . 
 i reach out to take his hand , surprised by how cool it is . 
 he bumps his shoulder into mine , and we walk a little longer . 
 `` tabitha is leaving on monday , '' i tell him . 
 `` she 's got her new haircut , some new clothes . 
 shep 's getting a new style too-and hopefully some deodorant . '' 
 i look sideways at realm and drop his hand . 
 `` how come they did n't make you over ? '' 
 `` maybe there is n't anything to improve on . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` well , dr. warren says that the return is easier if we freshen up our looks . 
 i think she might be right . 
 i 'm thinking of straightening my hair . '' 
 realm reaches up suddenly , holding a handful of my curls . 
 `` no , '' he says . 
 `` your hair 's beautiful . '' 
 he shrugs . 
 `` you 're beautiful . '' 
 i blush , but then back away , letting my hair fall from his palm . 
 realm kicks at some pebbles on the path . 
 `` sloane , if things were different , if we were n't in the program ... do you think we could be together ? '' 
 prickles race up my skin , and i 'm sure that i do n't know the answer . 
 realm steps closer and puts his hands on my bare upper arms . 
 `` i could take care of you if you want , '' he says . 
 `` and when you get out of here , i 'd be there . '' 
 `` i do n't want anyone to take care of me , '' i say . 
 `` i want to figure out how to take care of myself . 
 i do n't even know who i am anymore . '' 
 `` i know you , '' he says , sounding somber . 
 `` and i 'd do anything for you , even if you ca n't understand why right now . '' 
 he watches me for a long moment , no doubt trying to see if i feel something for him other than friendship . 
 i wonder then how i 'll know when i 'm in love , especially if i do n't know what it feels like . 
 have i ever been in love before ? 
 did anyone love me back ? 
 `` if you look for me , sloane , '' realm says , `` i 'll be waiting . '' 
 i 'm suddenly choked up , and i lean into a hug , closing my eyes tightly . 
 `` thank you for everything , realm . 
 thank you for - '' `` michael , '' a voice calls out . 
 we separate . 
 nurse kell is waving to him from across the lawn , a blond woman in dark sunglasses beside her . 
 realm stiffens next to me , and his hands fall away . 
 he meets my eyes one more time and kisses my forehead . 
 then he moves to pause by my ear . 
 `` they 'll still watch you , '' he whispers . 
 `` they 'll look for signs . '' 
 `` signs of what ? '' 
 fear streaks through me . 
 `` i 'll help you any way i can , '' he continues . 
 `` do n't forget that . '' 
 i think it 's a crazy thing to tell someone in the program-don ' t forget . 
 that 's what we 're here for . 
 forgetting is how we 've all gotten better . 
 tears fall down my cheeks as realm backs away , looking helplessly at me as he does . 
 when he turns around , his sneakers crunch the gravel . 
 i watch him walk out of the program . 
 and out of my life . 
 it 's a little over a week later when i 'm sitting in dr. warren 's office , my hair newly cut and straightened . 
 the mess of dark curls are now smooth and reach just below my chin . 
 she smiles the minute she sees me . 
 `` you look fantastic , sloane , '' she says . 
 `` you have truly been a model patient . '' 
 i nod as if i 'm thanking her , but in truth i do n't remember any of our sessions beyond the final few . 
 we spent our last meetings piecing together my memories . 
 she reminds me of the sequence of events because it occasionally gets jumbled in my head . 
 she fills in the things i ca n't remember , like about my family . 
 `` you 'll be happy to know that the program has a one hundred percent survival rate , and that very few of our subjects ever relapse . 
 but there are some precautions you 'll have to take . 
 there will be weekly doctor visits for the first month , then bimonthly until the final evaluation in three months . 
 you 'll have access to therapy and medication if you need it , but it wo n't be forced unless you start to exhibit symptoms again . 
 for the first week , we ask that you take the supplied relaxant , just to help with the transition to your new school . 
 `` you are not allowed to fraternize in any serious way with nonreturners . 
 although you 're cured , you are still considered high-risk pending your final evaluation . 
 after that you 're free to talk to whomever you want . '' 
 her mouth twitches and for a second i do n't think that she means it . 
 but i 'm so close to going home now , i do n't mention it . 
 i just nod . 
 dr. warren purses her lips and puts her elbows on her desk , leaning forward . 
 `` we want you to live , sloane , '' she says . 
 `` we want you to have a full , happy life . 
 we 've given you the best chance possible by removing the infected memories . 
 now it 's up to you . 
 but know , if you get sick again , you will be flagged . 
 and then you 'll be required to stay in the program until you 're eighteen . '' 
 i swallow hard , thinking that my birthday is still seven months away . 
 that would be a long time to be stuck here , especially without realm . 
 `` i understand , '' i tell her . 
 `` good . '' 
 she looks relieved as she straightens . 
 `` you 'll have a handler assigned to you for the first few weeks , helping you out at school and accompanying you outside of your house . 
 this is a precaution because of your fragile state . 
 take it easy , sloane . 
 do n't push yourself too hard . '' 
 `` i 'll try my best , '' i say , looking at the clock on the wall and knowing that my parents will be here any minute . 
 i 'm leaving . 
 i 'm really leaving . 
 dr. warren stands then , walking around her desk to embrace me . 
 we hug awkwardly , and when she lets me go , she rests her hand on my shoulder . 
 `` at first , '' she says almost in a whisper , `` you may be a little distant-a little numb . 
 but that will eventually go away . 
 you will feel again . '' 
 i meet her eyes , doing a quick evaluation of my emotions . 
 i 'm complacent and calm , but i wonder how i should really feel . 
 there 's a quick knock at the door , and dr. warren says to come in . 
 nurse kell stands there , her cheeks rosy . 
 `` your parents are here , sloane . '' 
 she beams , looking proud . 
 `` and the boys wanted me to give you this . '' 
 she holds out a small wrapped package , and my eyes water . 
 `` why did n't they give it to me themselves ? '' 
 i ask , walking over to take it from her hands . 
 both derek and shep are still here , but dr. warren promised me they 'd be going home soon . 
 she laughs . 
 `` because they said you would probably cry . '' 
 i unwrap the paper and smile at what 's inside . 
 it 's a deck of cards , but the back design says bullshit . 
 i reach out to hug nurse kell . 
 `` tell them thank you for me . '' 
 it 's all so surreal . 
 i stand for a moment looking around the office , the time i spent in here a complete fog . 
 i do n't know what i was like before , but i feel okay now . 
 i guess the program works . 
 i say good-bye to dr. warren and follow nurse kell out , a handler trailing us with a small duffel bag . 
 i do n't remember what i wore when i came into the facility , but the program has provided me with a few outfits-ones i did n't pick out-to send me home with . 
 right now i 'm wearing a yellow polo shirt , the collar stiff and itchy . 
 the halls are empty , but i hear a spirited game of cards being played in the leisure room , new members taking our places . 
 when we get out onto the lawn , i see my dad 's volvo parked near the gate . 
 he steps out , my mother scrambling to get to his side . 
 i pause , looking at them from afar . 
 `` good luck , sloane , '' nurse kell says , brushing my hair behind my ear . 
 `` stay healthy . '' 
 i nod to her , and look at the handler who tells me to go ahead . 
 and then i run across the grass . 
 when i get close enough my father rushes forward , swooping me up into his arms , tears streaming down his face . 
 soon my mother is hugging both of us and we 're all crying . 
 i 've missed them . 
 missed my dad 's smile and my mom 's laugh . 
 `` dad , '' i say when i can finally pry myself away from him . 
 `` first things first-let 's get ice cream , '' i say . 
 `` i have n't had any since i 've been here . '' 
 he laughs , a painful sort of sound , as if he 's been waiting to do it for a long time . 
 `` anything , sweetheart . 
 we 're just so happy to have you home . '' 
 my mother touches adoringly at my hair . 
 `` i love this , '' she says earnestly , as if she has n't seen me in years . 
 `` you look just beautiful . '' 
 `` thanks , mom . '' 
 i hug her again . 
 my father takes my bags from the handler and puts them in the trunk as i have one last look back the building-back at the program . 
 something catches my eye , and my smile fades . 
 there 's a girl in the window , sitting on a chair with her arms wrapped around her knees . 
 she 's pretty and blond , but she looks lonely . 
 desperate . 
 and i ca n't help thinking that she reminds me of someone . 
 `` here we go , '' my father says , opening the back door for me . 
 i tear my eyes away from the window and climb into the car , the smell of it bringing me back to the times when brady and i used to argue over who got to pick the radio station . 
 my brother 's gone now , but we 've made peace with that . 
 our family got through it and now we 're all better . 
 i 'm better . 
 my parents climb into the car , glancing back at me as if they expect me to disappear at any moment , and i smile . 
 i 'm going home . 
 part iii wish you were n't here chapter one i had trouble sleeping the first night home . 
 the house was too quiet , the sounds in my head too loud . 
 i missed realm , missed playing cards with the boys . 
 i missed the freedom and the restrictions of the facility . 
 in a weird way , i 'd been on my own . 
 after we 'd stopped for ice cream , my mother came home and cooked a big dinner , chatting away about what i 'd missed . 
 apparently the program has been picked up in three more states , and france and germany are adapting their own versions . 
 i was n't quite sure how to feel about that so i stayed silent . 
 the minute i wake up the next morning , my mother is waiting with the tiny white pill that dr. warren prescribed to help me get through my day-to relax me . 
 as i sit at the kitchen table , my mother flips pancakes , humming a song i ca n't quite place . 
 my father has left for work . 
 i sit at the small , round table and stare at the empty seat my brother used to claim . 
 i almost feel that at any second he 'll come bounding into the kitchen asking for lucky charms . 
 but brady 's dead . 
 dr. warren told me that his accidental death was traumatic for me , so they had to erase it . 
 now , i do n't even know what happened to my brother . 
 in my head it 's like he was here , and then he was gone with nothing in between . 
 at the end of my therapy at the program , dr. warren tried to help me line up my memories sequentially , filling in some of the blanks . 
 she said my family was devastated by my brother 's death , but that now that i 'm cured , we 're all okay . 
 i do n't remember a time when we were n't okay , so i 'm glad . 
 i hate the idea of not having my family . 
 when my mother-still smiling-puts food in front of me , i thank her . 
 but the thought of eating is far from my mind . 
 dr. warren had said that i would n't know anyone at sumpter high-that they would have been erased even if i had known them because they were infected too . 
 so i 'm starting over . 
 it 's like a new life . 
 it 's like a new me . 
 when kevin , my handler , shows up , he 's polite , and almost kind , on my front porch . 
 i have a sense that i should be uncomfortable around him , but he takes my backpack from me and holds the door . 
 so i chalk it up to the confused feelings that dr. warren predicted . 
 kevin looks to be just a little older than i am , but we do n't say much as he drives us to sumpter . 
 but then again , my head feels too foggy to ask anything relevant . 
 i think it 's the medication . 
 when we get there , i see that sumpter is a large , white building-sort of intimidating . 
 kevin parks in the back lot , taking a minute to radio in that i 've arrived . 
 several students walk past us toward the entrance , some laughing , some alone-and i wonder if i 've met them before . 
 a feeling of deja vu creeps over me , and i look away , feeling unsettled . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 kevin asks , startling me . 
 i glance sideways at him and see that his light eyebrows are pulled together in concern . 
 i 'm not sure who to confide in , what 's even real , but he 's the only one here . 
 `` anxious , '' i say . 
 `` like i 'm ... unglued . 
 is that normal ? '' 
 kevin 's expression does n't change . 
 `` it is normal for you , yes . 
 but that feeling will fade in a couple of weeks . 
 right now , your mind is repairing itself . 
 you 'll have echoes-a space between memories that will make you feel hollow . 
 but they will fill in . 
 medication can help with the transition . '' 
 his words do n't comfort me , and instead i feel a tiny twinge of sadness . 
 but just as soon as it 's there , it 's like warm water is splashed inside my chest . 
 `` whoa , '' i say , putting my hand over my heart . 
 `` that 's the inhibitor , '' kevin says . 
 `` it relieves the panic . 
 you should probably take another before going to class . '' 
 he gets a pillbox from the center console and pinches out a white pill before extending it to me . 
 i take it from him , staring down at it while he hands me a bottle of water . 
 `` so this feeling will go away ? '' 
 i ask , just to make sure . 
 there are competing emotions , and it 's hard to tell which are mine and which belong to the medication . 
 `` yes , '' kevin says . 
 `` you will regulate . 
 eventually . '' 
 i look again at the other students out the window . 
 i feel empty , but they look normal . 
 happy , even . 
 and someday , i 'll be like them . 
 once this damn fog clears . 
 so without another thought , i swallow the pill and let kevin take me inside . 
 `` here 's your schedule , '' kevin says . 
 `` it might be tough to pick up in your subjects where you left off , but your teachers have all modified their lesson plans to catch you up . 
 i 'll walk you to and from classes and attend them with you . '' 
 kevin 's gray eyes look me over . 
 `` i 'm a little confused , '' i say . 
 i take a deep breath , and the white pill works its way through my system . 
 my muscles loosen , and an overall feeling of well-being comes over me . 
 `` you 're doing great , '' kevin says , patting my shoulder . 
 i smile . 
 kevin seems genuinely invested in my recovery , and it 's encouraging . 
 i might really need the support . 
 i walk into my first class , and the room is mostly empty . 
 there 's a girl with blond hair near the front , and she says hi to me as i walk by . 
 i smile in response , the small interaction confirming that i at least look normal , even if i ca n't remember parts of my life . 
 `` i 'll be in the back if you need me , '' kevin says after i 'm settled in my chair . 
 he goes to stand by the bookcase , and i glance around the room , noticing the colorful posters on the walls . 
 i can still remember my old school , how washed in white everything was . 
 this place smells like vanilla-like aromatherapy . 
 are they trying to keep us calm ? 
 on my desk is a paper-just like on every other desk in the room . 
 as students walk in , they drop their bags on the floor and fill out the forms , delivering them to a tray on the teacher 's desk . 
 i take a sharpened pencil from my bag and stare down at the questions on the daily assessment . 
 they seem vaguely familiar . 
 in the past day have you felt lonely or overwhelmed ? 
 no . 
 i fill in the rest of the ovals , pausing when i get to the last question . 
 has anyone close to you ever committed suicide ? 
 no . 
 i pick up my paper but wait a beat , feeling like i did something wrong . 
 i look over the questions again but ca n't find a mistake . 
 at that moment , my teacher walks in , nodding politely at us as she does . 
 when she sees me , she smiles . 
 `` sloane , '' she says . 
 `` i 'm so happy to finally meet you . '' 
 the entire class turns to stare at me , curious expressions on their faces . 
 the day has taken on a dreamlike quality as i float to the front to put my paper on the pile . 
 but unlike the other student 's assessments , my teacher stops to look over my answers . 
 when she 's done , she smiles . 
 `` good girl , '' she says . 
 and then she turns to write on the board . 
 kevin leads me to lunch and decides to pick out my food for me . 
 he says that i need to keep my weight stable , even though a side effect of the medication is loss of appetite . 
 as he tells me this , i realize that he 's right . 
 i ca n't remember the last time i was hungry . 
 i sit at a table , alone , and peek out at the cafeteria . 
 kevin is leaning against the wall , silently taking in the room . 
 there are three other handlers in here , watching their charges . 
 dr. warren told me that a handler would shadow me for a few weeks after i 'm released , and then monitor me for six after that . 
 i 'm on day two . 
 `` can i sit ? '' 
 i jump and see a girl standing there . 
 she 's pretty and blond , and i recognize her as the girl from my first-period class who said hi to me . 
 `` sure , '' i say , although she 's already sat down across from me . 
 `` i 'm lacey , '' she says , her voice deep and raspy like an old-time movie star . 
 in front of her , she unrolls a brown paper bag and pulls out a package of orange cupcakes . 
 i look down again at my lunch tray and the slab of meat on it . 
 `` you 're sloane , right ? '' 
 she asks . 
 i must look surprised that she remembers , because she shrugs . 
 `` new-kid thing , '' she says . 
 `` we notice all of the returners as they enter . 
 sort of like ... will they or wo n't they ? '' '' 
 ` will they or wo n't they ' what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` remember . 
 i 'm convinced that eventually one of us will remember something , and then the entire system will break down . 
 what can i say ? 
 i 'm an anarchist . '' 
 she smiles broadly , and i like her already . 
 she 's alive . 
 i can feel her vitality oozing off her . 
 lacey shoots a glance at my handler . 
 `` they 'll stop following you soon , '' she offers , tilting her head toward kevin . 
 `` as long as you do n't mess up . '' 
 `` mess up ? '' 
 it had n't really occurred to me that i would mess up , or even what messing up would entail . 
 i 'm cured . 
 but i lean forward to listen because lacey 's been in the program , has been successful at returning . 
 maybe she knows something i do n't . 
 `` i 've been back for fifteen weeks . '' 
 she lowers her voice and brushes a strand of her blond hair behind her ear . 
 `` i 'm still missing the pieces that the program took away . 
 at first i did n't care , right ? 
 i was just glad to have survived . 
 but now ... now i 'm wondering about things . 
 did you know that they said i wanted to kill myself ? '' 
 she whispers , as if she 's been dying to talk to someone about it . 
 `` that does n't even seem possible . 
 i 'm like ... the most well-balanced person i know . 
 did they say you tried to kill yourself , too ? '' 
 i hold up my wrist , the faint outline of a scar still there . 
 `` they say i did this . '' 
 `` wow . '' 
 we 're both quiet for a minute , absorbing our shared mystery . 
 but then lacey slides one of the cupcakes toward me . 
 `` hint number one , '' she says as she takes a bite of cupcake . 
 `` pack your own lunch . 
 i 'm pretty sure they put sedatives in the food . '' 
 my sense of well-being has been interrupted by lacey 's suspicions , and i wish that i had n't taken the white pills today . 
 i 'd like to be lucid enough to figure out if she 's being paranoid . 
 but for now i take the orange cupcake and break it in half to lick out the white cream first . 
 and then we enjoy the rest of the period , passing the time with safe conversations about teachers and music . 
 the bell rings , and lacey gathers all her wrappers , stuffing them back into the bag . 
 i have n't touched the food on my tray , but i feel satisfied enough . 
 when kevin begins to make his way over from wall , lacey grins at me . 
 `` make him take you to the wellness center tonight , '' she whispers . 
 `` i can meet up with you there if you want . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i ca n't help but smile . 
 i 've made a friend , and somehow that makes me feel better about myself . 
 it 's such a normal thing to do . 
 `` seven o'clock . '' 
 `` excuse me , '' kevin states when he gets to our table . 
 `` we need to go , sloane . '' 
 he takes the tray from in front of me , giving me a disapproving glance when he sees all of the food still on it . 
 with one hand on my elbow , he gently guides me out of my seat . 
 `` miss klamath , '' he says to lacey in greeting . 
 she waves suggestively at him , and kevin shakes his head with a smirk as if he 's used to her antics . 
 before i can even say good-bye , lacey is gliding across the cafeteria and out of my line of vision . 
 when she 's gone , kevin drops his hand from my arm . 
 `` i 'm glad you 're making friends , '' he says . 
 `` it 's good for your recovery . '' 
 `` what 's the deal with the wellness center ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` can i go there tonight ? '' 
 `` the wellness center was developed by the program as part of the aftercare , a way for you to interact with others-including nonreturners-in a safe , monitored environment . 
 if you 'd like to check it out , i think that would be okay . 
 let 's just be sure you 're not overdoing it . 
 too much stimulus can disrupt the healing process . 
 in fact ... '' kevin slips a pill box out his pocket , taking out the white pill . 
 `` here . 
 you have n't had a dose since this morning . 
 you might start feeling on edge if you do n't . '' 
 i consider it . 
 what happens if i do n't do exactly as i 'm told ? 
 would refusing be considered messing up-especially on the second day ? 
 i glance around the room , wondering if the other returners felt this lost when they first came back . 
 but i learn nothing , as they all grab their backpacks and dump their trash , heading for their classes . 
 and so i swallow the pill . 
 chapter two when my handler drops me off at home , saying he 'll be back at six thirty , i immediately start on my homework . 
 although i feel as if i know the answers , some of the questions get muddled in my head . 
 especially when it comes to math . 
 it 's as if certain rules were erased , leaving me with partial answers . 
 eventually i get frustrated and slam my book shut before turning on the television . 
 i 'm not surprised to see a dateline special about the program-it seems to dominate every channel . 
 even on mtv , what used to be ruled by trashy reality shows is now filled with inspirational stories of teens being saved by the program . 
 i half wonder if the program is sponsoring the network now . 
 just then the interviewer from dateline walks into the facility , the same facility that i was in . 
 i sit up straighter , my heart pounding . 
 i think i see nurse kell dash out of the corner of the screen and then the view is filled with security guards . 
 `` you ca n't be here , '' the security guard says , pushing the camera away with his hand . 
 `` you have to leave . '' 
 the interviewer continues arguing until the sound is promptly shut off . 
 the screen is black and i wait , wondering what happened . 
 instead the interviewer is behind a desk , shaking his head . 
 `` when asked to comment , the president of the program , arthur pritchard , released this statement : ` the effectiveness of the treatment-which is still at one hundred percent-is dependent on the privacy of our patients . 
 any interference could jeopardize the life of the minors , and therefore we can not comment on the treatment or allow common access to our facilities at this time . ' '' 
 i click off the television , wondering what it was like when those reporters tried to get into the program . 
 were shep and derek around ? 
 it had seemed so isolated when i was there . 
 maybe things are changing . 
 and for a second i 'm afraid . 
 if they stop the program , leaving us as the only ones changed , what will happen ? 
 will we be discriminated against forever ? 
 does that mean there 's something wrong with us ? 
 i start to panic when , all of a sudden , the warm water is splashed over me again , and i take a deep breath . 
 the fear is gone , and instead i just close my eyes and lean my head back against the couch cushion . 
 something about sitting here in my familiar living room is comforting , and yet i ca n't help but think i should be doing something different . 
 as if this is real , and at the same time ... not . 
 i 'm relieved when my mom gets home with groceries , and i help her unpack them , thankful for the distraction . 
 `` so how was the first day back ? '' 
 my father asks from across the dinner table . 
 his eyes are bright , and he 's smiling as he takes a bite of steak . 
 the way my parents watch me is like i 'm a miracle returned from the grave . 
 they hang on my every word . 
 `` it was good , '' i tell him . 
 `` a little scary at first , but i made a friend . '' 
 my mother beams , and she sets down her silverware . 
 `` you made a friend already ? '' 
 she and my father exchange an eager glance . 
 it makes me feel like a huge loser that my parents could be so happy about me making one friend . 
 `` her name is lacey , '' i say . 
 `` she sat with me at lunch . '' 
 my mother pauses , then puts a large cut of steak into her mouth . 
 i wait for her to ask questions , but she does n't . 
 i stare down at my plate , and near my glass is another white pill . 
 i decide that i do n't like this fog anymore . 
 i decide i 'm not going to take it . 
 `` i 'm meeting lacey tonight at the wellness center , '' i add quietly , taking a sip from my water . 
 `` the handler said it was healthy for me to socialize . '' 
 `` i agree , '' my father says , sounding a little too upbeat . 
 i 'm struck with a sensation , an ... outsideness . 
 my parents are acting weird . 
 or maybe i 'm the one who 's weird now . 
 i want to excuse myself to my room , but my mother starts talking about the program again . 
 she tells me that in the uk , they had their first class of patients released . 
 she seems so proud of that fact-as if returners are elite somehow . 
 i nod along , my mind racing . 
 i try to remember my life just before the program , but all i get are repeats of old memories : my father taking me and brady for ice cream . 
 my mother sewing a halloween costume . 
 the repeating starts to make my temples pulse , and i stop trying to think back , worried i might be doing damage . 
 dr. warren had been adamant about maintaining . 
 she warned me that too much stimulus could affect the reconstruction they 'd done on my mind . 
 she said it could result in a break in reality , cause permanent psychosis . 
 but what if she was lying . 
 `` sloane . '' 
 my mother interrupts my train of thought . 
 `` you have n't touched your food . '' 
 i meet her concerned stare and then apologize , cutting a piece of meat . 
 i can barely choke it down , especially when i notice a chalky aftertaste . 
 something lacey said pops in my head-i think they put sedatives in the food . 
 when my mother starts talking again , i wipe my mouth with my napkin , careful to spit out the food . 
 maybe i 'm being paranoid . 
 maybe i 'm losing it altogether . 
 but instead of mentioning it , i ask if i can be excused to get ready for tonight . 
 my parents look disappointed , but then my mother reminds me to clear my place . 
 `` and do n't forget your pill , '' she adds when i start toward the kitchen . 
 i grab it quickly and toss it into my mouth . 
 but the minute i get into the kitchen , i spit it in the sink and scrape my food into the disposal . 
 and then i grind it all to bits . 
 i pose in front of the mirror , turning from side to side to evaluate myself . 
 my closet had been emptied and replaced with new clothing , the tags still on them . 
 it seems strange to me that they 'd get rid of all of my things , my entire wardrobe . 
 did they think an old t-shirt could send me into an emotional tailspin ? 
 did i dress in all black and overline my eyes ? 
 i do n't remember . 
 so right now i 'm wearing a pink button down shirt that feels too stiff , paired with a khaki skirt . 
 i look ... painfully average . 
 taking the brush from my dresser , i run it through my hair , sliding one side behind my ears when i 'm done . 
 it 's nearly six thirty , and kevin will be here soon to take me to the wellness center , but worry has started to work its way into my consciousness . 
 what goes on at the wellness center ? 
 and what will the people who have n't gone through the program think of me ? 
 i 'm different than them . 
 i take a deep breath and sit on the edge of my bed , trying to calm myself . 
 i think that i should have taken the pill because right now an inhibitor would come in handy . 
 but then i remind myself that i want to know what 's going on around me . 
 and i 'm not sure i can do that if i 'm medicated to the point of numbness all the time . 
 downstairs , the doorbell rings , and i cast one more glance at my reflection . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i murmur , waiting a minute for my mind to answer . 
 but it does n't . 
 i do n't know what i expected from the wellness center , but i certainly did n't expect this . 
 i thought it would be more like the program facility-sterile and cold . 
 but this place is crowded , people chatting and laughing . 
 i try to relax into it , but i do n't see lacey right away . 
 my anxiety spikes , but i try not to react . 
 i do n't want kevin to know i did n't take my pill tonight . 
 `` so where do you want to start ? '' 
 he asks , motioning ahead . 
 `` there might be some seats near the foosball table . '' 
 `` sure , '' i say , lowering my eyes . 
 some of the people in the room have noticed me , and it makes me incredibly self-conscious . 
 i 'm not sure i 'm ready for this . 
 we start zigzagging our way through the crowd , kevin 's hand protectively on my arm . 
 a few people say hi . 
 when we get close to the table , i hear a loud laugh and look over to the couch , catching the back of a blond ponytail . 
 `` i should be okay , '' i tell kevin then , gently tugging my arm free . 
 `` i 'm heading that way . '' 
 i point toward the couch , and he nods . 
 to my relief , he goes to lean against the wall near another handler , giving me a little privacy . 
 `` there you are ! '' 
 lacey calls out , standing up to meet me as i cross to her . 
 on the couch are two guys-strangers-and i nod politely at them . 
 god , why am i so nervous ? 
 `` hey , '' i say as lacey pauses to look me over . 
 she immediately undoes the second button on my shirt before she smiles . 
 `` sloane , this is evan , '' she points to a dark-haired guy , `` and this is liam . 
 actually , '' she says , leaning close to whisper to me , `` liam is n't even a returner . 
 but he 's not depressed so no worries . '' 
 i glance at liam then , taking in his reddish-blond hair , his dark brown eyes . 
 he 's watching me with a smirk on his lips , something about it a little unsettling . 
 `` come and sit down , sloane , '' he says , patting the spot next to him . 
 `` it 's so great to ... meet you . '' 
 i dart a glance at lacey , but she 's already back on evan 's lap , chatting away as if this is completely normal and we 've all hung out before . 
 i turn and look back over the room . 
 the wellness center is small , although lively . 
 bright colors , spirited games with laughing . 
 most of the people here are dressed like me-preppy and stiff . 
 then there are a few others , some with wide eyes as they search the room . 
 by their comfortable clothes i think that they 're not returners . 
 when my gaze lands on kevin , he nods to me , as if saying it 's okay to be confused . 
 it actually makes me feel a little better . 
 i sit on the couch , but flinch as liam 's thigh touches mine . 
 my mind swirls through different memories , repeating some and reverberating them back to me . 
 i remember camping with my brother , just the two of us . 
 i can feel there 's something else , but i do n't have time to think about it when liam leans his shoulder into mine . 
 `` so how long were you in the program ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i 'm almost offended by the question , as if it 's too personal for someone i just met to ask me . 
 but i 'm probably being overly sensitive . 
 `` six weeks . '' 
 `` and they did something to you , right ? 
 like messed with your head or something ? '' 
 okay , now i am offended . 
 liam must notice because he quickly apologizes and shoots a cautious glance at my handler . 
 `` i did n't mean it like that , '' he says . 
 `` it 's just that i 'm friends with evan , but i did n't know him before the program . 
 i 'm just curious as to how it changes people . 
 how it changed you . '' 
 `` i would n't really know , now would i , liam ? '' 
 i ask . 
 the fact that he 's curious about me makes me feel like a zoo exhibit . 
 i stand up and back away . 
 `` wait , '' lacey says . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 i do n't have anywhere to go . 
 i 'm overwhelmed and confused . 
 i shoot a glance in kevin 's direction and see him chatting with another handler . 
 i take it as my cue . 
 `` it 's hot in here , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm going to get some air . '' 
 and then before she can argue , i walk away , careful to blend into the crowd so that kevin wo n't try to stop me . 
 i do n't want him to see me this frazzled-he 'll be able to tell i 'm not medicated . 
 i want a second to gather myself , and then i 'll have kevin take me home . 
 i just want to think . 
 i slip out the back door and onto the wooden patio . 
 when i do n't see anyone , i walk to the railing and exhale , closing my eyes . 
 for the first time since arriving home , my emotions threaten to drown me . 
 dr. warren had warned me about this-i 'm overstimulated . 
 it 's like my body is revolting against me , and i press the heel of my palm to my forehead , willing myself to calm down . 
 there is no threat . 
 my feelings are just screwed up-resetting . 
 i should have taken that white pill . 
 just then i hear the sound of the door and i spin around , expecting kevin . 
 but i still when i see that it 's liam . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' he says , shrugging . 
 `` lacey said you were mad and that i needed to come out and apologize . '' 
 i stare back at him , wondering if he knows that admitting someone made you apologize takes the sincerity out of it . 
 `` it 's fine , '' i say , more out of politeness that really meaning it . 
 a crooked smile crosses his lips . 
 `` you know , i was worried you 'd come back as some kind of zombie . '' 
 my stomach lurches , and i steady myself on the porch railing . 
 `` what do you mean by that ? '' 
 i ask . 
 did liam know me ? 
 had we been friends before and now i 'm standing here , like an idiot , not remembering ? 
 liam shakes his head . 
 `` do n't get upset , '' he says . 
 `` you 're going to get me in trouble . '' 
 he looks around before stepping back from me . 
 a tear streaks down my cheek . 
 `` stop it , '' he says , pointing at me . 
 `` what the hell is wrong with you ? 
 if they see you like this , they 'll send us both to the program . '' 
 `` but i do n't understand , '' i say , wiping hard at my face . 
 `` do you know me ? '' 
 `` no , you freak ! '' 
 he snaps , backing toward the doorway . 
 `` and do n't tell anyone that i do . 
 just stay away from me . 
 i told evan i did n't want to come here again . '' 
 my chest heaves with the start of a cry when someone walks over from the farside of the patio . 
 i had n't seen him sitting there . 
 he leans his shoulder against the wall , not far from the door . 
 `` i 'm sure you do n't mean to be so rude , '' he tells liam , looking him over . 
 `` unless , of course , you 're depressed or something . '' 
 `` stay out of this , james , '' liam says , looking unsure of his path to the door now that the other guy is so close . 
 the guy raises his eyebrow at the mention of his name but does n't say anything about it . 
 instead he takes out his phone , scrolling through it . 
 `` i could send an anonymous note , '' he says . 
 `` alerting them to your condition . '' 
 liam 's face pales . 
 `` do n't do that , man . 
 i 'm not sick . 
 you ca n't - '' `` i ca n't what ? '' 
 james asks with a smile . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure i can . '' 
 `` look , '' liam says , sounding authentically sorry for the first time . 
 `` i do n't want to do this again with you . 
 and i do n't want any trouble . 
 she 's all yours . '' 
 liam holds out his hands as if he 's offering me to this stranger . 
 i scoff , letting him know that i 'm not his to give . 
 `` i did n't say i wanted her , '' james says from the wall . 
 `` i was just making an observation . '' 
 liam studies him for a second , as if checking to see if he 's telling the truth , but then he slowly turns his head from side to side . 
 `` that 's right , '' he says mostly to himself . 
 `` you do n't remember either . '' 
 liam looks alarmed and darts for the door . 
 james swallows hard , but does n't outwardly seem thrown off by liam 's words . 
 and then before another threat can be given , liam hurries inside , not even looking back at us . 
 my heart is still racing in my chest , and when i turn to thank james for sticking up for me , he pushes off the wall and heads for the door . 
 `` thank you , '' i call after him . 
 he pauses for a second , his hand on the doorknob . 
 but he does n't turn to me . 
 `` you should n't let yourself cry , '' he murmurs quietly . 
 `` once you start ... '' he does n't finish his words and instead sighs heavily . 
 and then he goes back inside , leaving me alone in the darkening night . 
 chapter three when i finally pull myself together , i go back inside the wellness center . 
 it seems too loud , too alive , and i find the couch empty , both liam and evan now gone . 
 kevin is at the wall , talking with lacey . 
 when i approach , he quickly straightens and walks toward me . 
 i tell kevin i 'm ready to leave , and then say good-bye to lacey before turning and heading toward the exit . 
 the crowd in the room is suffocating me as i try not to think about what happened on the patio . 
 try not to think that liam might have known me before . 
 he called me a freak . 
 i notice the guy from outside , james , but he does n't acknowledge me when i pass . 
 i want to thank him again , but kevin appears at my side , leading me away . 
 as we reach the parking lot , kevin stops me next to his van . 
 `` sloane , '' he says quietly , his face showing concern . 
 `` are you feeling all right ? '' 
 my lips part to answer . 
 i do n't want to lie , but i 'm scared of telling the truth . 
 when i pause , kevin furrows his brow . 
 `` look , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm not supposed to tell you this , but i think if i do it 'll help you to trust me more . '' 
 he waits a beat as if trying to decide if he should . 
 `` i was assigned to you for a reason , '' he whispers . 
 i lift my gaze to meet his . 
 `` what reason ? '' 
 kevin looks me over and then shakes his head . 
 `` wait , you did n't take your pill , did you ? 
 i can see the panic in your expression . '' 
 `` what reason ? '' 
 i ask again . 
 `` michael realm , '' he finally answers . 
 `` he 's asked me to look out for you . '' 
 i rock back on my heels . 
 `` realm ? 
 but ... why would you do that ? 
 he 's a patient and - '' `` i 've known michael for a while , '' kevin says quickly . 
 `` and he asked this as a favor . 
 he 's hoping that once you 're well , i can take you to see him . 
 off the grid . '' 
 kevin looks around once , as if he 's worried about being overheard . 
 it occurs to me then that he 's breaking the rules , that he can be arrested for what he 's doing . 
 and i think that he 's right . 
 i do trust him more now . 
 `` thank you for telling me , '' i say quietly . 
 `` and i 'd like to see realm again . 
 but he told me i 'd have to wait . '' 
 `` you do , '' kevin confirms , starting for the door of his van . 
 `` but in a few weeks , you should be okay . 
 just do n't ... '' he stops to look around again . 
 `` just do n't do anything stupid . 
 and whatever you do , do n't tell anyone about this . 
 you 'll compromise us all . '' 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 the nerves in my stomach calm . 
 the fact that realm is looking out for me makes me feel safer . 
 and it makes me miss him . 
 i do n't want to screw up my chances of seeing him again . 
 kevin and i both climb inside the van , and he starts the engine , glancing over his shoulder to back out . 
 `` kevin , '' i say . 
 `` let 's never come back here again , okay ? 
 this place gives me the creeps . '' 
 he smiles and agrees , and then we leave the wellness center behind . 
 lacey is waiting for me outside of class the next morning . 
 kevin stands off to the side of the door while i stop to talk to her , and lacey shrugs apologetically . 
 `` i do n't know what happened last night , '' she says , quietly enough so that kevin wo n't hear . 
 `` but the way liam tore out of there , i 'm guessing he was a dick and you told him off . 
 he can be that way sometimes . '' 
 `` it was n't your fault , '' i say . 
 `` he probably did n't even think he was doing anything wrong . '' 
 lacey nods at this , and moves over as several students file past us into class . 
 `` it 's harder for returners , '' she murmurs . 
 `` people know more about us than we do . 
 there 's no one to trust anymore . 
 it 's enough to make me ... '' she stops and looks to where kevin is standing . 
 `` never mind , '' she says , waving her hand . 
 `` we should go in . '' 
 i agree and follow behind her . 
 kevin enters after us , taking his place at the back of the room . 
 i look around again , thinking that everyone seems content , easygoing . 
 but i did n't take my pill again today , and the fog of treatment is slowly clearing . 
 just then lacey looks back over her shoulder at me and presses her lips into a smile . 
 she 's not medicated , not like the rest . 
 i wonder if we 're the only two lucid students in this room right now . 
 i begin filling out the daily assessment on my desk , lying on the first question . 
 because i do feel anxious and overwhelmed . 
 but i 'd never tell them that . 
 as i walk into my third-period math class , i see a list of problems on the board . 
 i take out my notebook after i sit , and jot them down , hoping to be able to figure out at least one . 
 math is becoming a huge source of frustration for me . 
 i 'm lost in a calculation when a chair squeaks next to me . 
 i look over , noticing him-james . 
 he looks a little different in daylight , or maybe it 's the fact that my medication has worked its way out of my system , letting images sharpen again . 
 he has blond hair , cut close to his scalp . 
 he 's wearing a short-sleeved button-down plaid shirt that does n't seem to be his , something about it wrong on him . 
 it also does n't hide the white scars on his bicep . 
 i see him look at me from the corners of his eyes , but he does n't turn . 
 in fact , he just leans forward and then takes out his phone to text , or play a game . 
 i 'm not sure . 
 there 's a strange mix of anxiety in my stomach as i watch him . 
 i 'm about to whisper a thank-you , even though i 've already told him . 
 i feel like i should say something , but just then our teacher walks in and tells us to take out our books . 
 i abandon the math problems from the board , and open to the correct page . 
 i sneak a look sideways to see james continuing to type on his phone . 
 `` mr. murphy , '' our teacher calls from the front . 
 `` if you would n't mind ... '' she raises one eyebrow at him . 
 james does n't immediately react , and i shoot a look back to kevin . 
 my heart rate spikes , afraid that this guy is going to get himself thrown out of class . 
 but before anything else happens , james slips his phone back into his pocket and opens his book , never making a sound . 
 when that 's settled , mrs. cavalier starts in on the lesson , and i try not to look next to me . 
 when class comes to an end , james is the first one out the door . 
 lacey waves me over to her table when i get to lunch . 
 kevin tells me to go ahead . 
 he does n't offer me the white pill anymore , which tells me that maybe i never really needed it in the first place . 
 maybe they were just to keep me complacent . 
 at home my doses go into the disposal . 
 i sit across from lacey , opening my brown bag . 
 now that i 'm not taking anything , my appetite has returned . 
 i bite into my sandwich as lacey takes out her cupcakes , sliding one over to me . 
 `` evan broke up with me today , '' she says conversationally . 
 `` he said my rebel ways make him nervous . 
 which i think is funny considering that he 's the one who 's best friends with a non-returner . 
 that alone is asking for trouble-they 're paranoid and dangerous . 
 hell , they spread suicide . 
 and truly , liam is scared shitless of us . 
 i bet he 's the one that told him to end things . '' 
 `` liam 's not scared of me , '' i say , taking the cupcake from the plastic to break it open . 
 `` but that other guy might have worried him just a little . '' 
 i lick the cream , and lacey tilts her head questioningly . 
 `` what other guy ? '' 
 i glance around then , trying to find him . 
 when i see him sitting alone at a table , i do n't mention it at first . 
 instead i look him over . 
 he 's really cute , in an intimidating sort of way . 
 his light-blue eyes gaze out the window as he drinks from a carton of milk . 
 i wonder why he helped me last night , yet he wo n't look at me otherwise . 
 at just that moment , he turns to meet my stare and i freeze . 
 across from me lacey laughs . 
 `` james murphy , '' she says . 
 `` what ? '' 
 startled , i turn back to her . 
 she smiles . 
 `` that 's james murphy who you 're currently eye-humping . 
 he 's in my science class , but he does n't say much . 
 and when he does , it 's usually obnoxious or combative . '' 
 i can feel my cheeks redden . 
 `` i was n't ... '' i stop to laugh . 
 `` okay , not the point . 
 so are you friends with him ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 she bites into her cupcake . 
 `` i 'm pretty sure that he hates everyone here . 
 he 's been in and out of the office since transferring . 
 i would have recruited him to my ` lacey against the world ' plan , but he 's too unpredictable . 
 he ended up assigned two handlers because he kept going off the grid . 
 ca n't believe they did n't send him back . 
 trying to keep up appearances , i guess . '' 
 she crumples up her wrapper , and i pick through the rest of my lunch , careful not to look at james again . 
 if lacey thinks he 's trouble , that has to be saying something . 
 but i might ask kevin about him later . 
 `` wait , '' lacey says , looking up . 
 `` is he the one that scared liam yesterday ? '' 
 `` uh-huh . '' 
 i do n't go into details , but i 'm not sure why . 
 it 's like i 'm suddenly protective of james 's reputation , even though i barely know him . 
 still , i owe him for sticking up for me . 
 so i do n't mention that he threatened to turn a non-sick person into the program . 
 that could get him arrested , i bet . 
 something tickles the back of my mind , but i ca n't put it into words , this odd feeling i have . 
 a feeling that has no meaning because i ca n't remember what it relates to . 
 it 's like i 'm about to discover it when a memory of my brother sitting alone at the table calling out fractions on flash cards echoes in my mind . 
 i blink quickly and try to clear it away . 
 `` well , who knows then , '' lacey says , not noticing my temporary distraction . 
 `` maybe he 's not a total tool . 
 so ... do you remember having any boyfriends or anything ? 
 evan is the first that i can remember . 
 how sad is that ? 
 he uses way too much tongue . '' 
 `` ew . '' 
 i pop the tab on my diet coke . 
 `` not sure i needed to know that . '' 
 lacey leans her elbows on the table , the smile fading from her lips . 
 `` they watch you , you know . 
 they monitor us all the time , even when we do n't realize . '' 
 a chill runs over me as i stare back at her . 
 her dark eyes are painted with blue shadow , the liner dramatically cat-eyed . 
 her blond hair is flipped up at the ends , very preppy-almost comically so . 
 it occurs to me suddenly that this is not how she wants to dress . 
 that this is fake . 
 `` are they watching right now ? '' 
 i whisper , suddenly paranoid as i lean closer to her . 
 `` the place is n't bugged or anything , but they take note of who we interact with . 
 where we go . 
 they 're looking for signs of failure . '' 
 `` and if they find it ? '' 
 lacey straightens then . 
 `` we do n't know . 
 no one has failed . 
 yet . '' 
 i lower my eyes , thinking that i do n't want to be the first person to get sent back to the program . 
 i do n't think i could bear being locked up there alone . 
 i feel fine-a little confused , but not depressed . 
 although to be honest , i 'm not even sure what depressed would feel like . 
 `` anyway . '' 
 lacey sighs as if wanting to go back to the easy conversation . 
 `` if you want me to introduce you to james , i can . '' 
 i shake my head , trying to relax the tension that is now squeezing my shoulders . 
 `` that 's okay , '' i say . 
 `` i doubt he 's my type . '' 
 lacey snorts . 
 `` how would you know ? 
 i 'm sure they 've wiped out your dating history , too . '' 
 she 's right . 
 i do n't know anything about myself anymore . 
 i do n't even know if i 've had a boyfriend before . 
 `` maybe you like dudes on motorcycles . '' 
 lacey grins . 
 `` or supernerdy guys . '' 
 she giggles , but it 's deep and throaty . 
 `` i 'll tell you one thing , now that i 'm free to date , i 'm going to try all thirty-one flavors . 
 it 's like i have a clean slate . 
 i 'm a born-again virgin . '' 
 `` just remember that some of those thirty-one flavors will be disgusting , '' i say . 
 `` like , who would be the pistachio cream ? '' 
 lacey smiles . 
 `` already had him . '' 
 i laugh again , shaking my head . 
 `` have you ever asked anyone about your past ? 
 about who you dated before ? '' 
 lacey seems to freeze at this . 
 `` i did actually , and my parents nearly died when i brought it up . 
 they would n't tell me a thing . 
 everyone else ignored the question because they did n't want to get flagged . 
 you know that , right ? 
 if anyone tells you about who you were , what you did before the program , they can get flagged or arrested for messing with a returner . '' 
 i lower my eyes , the thought troubling me . 
 the fact that the program has such complete control of what and who we 're exposed to . 
 lacey continues . 
 `` after all the strained glances between my parents , i finally just went to search my room , looking for anything-a picture , a birthday card . 
 but it 's all gone . 
 probably a good thing , though . 
 i mean , how healthy could my past relationships have been if i was suicidal ? '' 
 she has a valid point . 
 `` still , '' i say , `` i 'd like to know . 
 just seems weird that other people can know and not tell me . '' 
 lacey pushes her lunch bag away and levels her stare at me . 
 `` it is weird . 
 and trust me , it does n't get any less weird . 
 but there are a lot sick people out there . 
 you and me , we 're not like them anymore . 
 sure , i get a little irritated when i ca n't remember something , but i 'm not trying to slash my wrists , either . 
 the program worked . 
 for better or for worse . 
 truly , '' she says , looking down . 
 `` i 'm not sure which it is . '' 
 the expression that crosses her features is one of regret with a touch of sadness . 
 i glance over at kevin , hoping he has n't noticed lacey 's change , but he 's watching us . 
 he 's clearly seen . 
 `` i did meet a guy while i was at the program , '' i offer , completely downplaying how complicated my and realm 's relationship was to make it sound like gossip . 
 with that , lacey 's lips twitch with a smile . 
 `` really , now ? 
 that is scandalous , sloane . 
 a boyfriend ? '' 
 `` no . 
 just a friend . '' 
 lacey crinkles her nose as if i 've disappointed her . 
 `` but , '' i add , `` he was the type of friend i 'd sometimes kiss . '' 
 the bell rings overhead , and i straighten , glad i snapped her out of whatever she was thinking about . 
 she smiles broadly at me . 
 `` i have to go , '' she says , standing . 
 `` my chem teacher is giving me a hell of a time about not catching up . 
 maybe she 'll eventually take the hint that i hate science and have no plans to ever catch up . '' 
 she sighs and then waves before turning to leave . 
 i wait a minute , still taking in what lacey had told me about being monitored , about nobody telling us who we used to be . 
 i thought being clearheaded would help me figure stuff out , but instead it 's only made it more confusing . 
 just then kevin appears at the end of the table . 
 `` do you monitor me when i do n't know ? '' 
 i ask quietly . 
 `` yes . '' 
 tiny pinpricks of realization slide over my skin , and i nod , acknowledging that i heard him . 
 it 's a helpless feeling . 
 `` but ... , '' he continues , `` i try not to notice when you break the rules-like slipping out of the wellness center when you think i 'm not looking . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i feel exposed , but it also affirms to me that kevin is n't the bad guy . 
 at least not that i can tell . 
 and if realm sent him , i should trust that . 
 i should trust realm . 
 chapter four the minute i get home from school , i run to my bedroom and begin searching . 
 the place still looks mostly the same as i remember it , except maybe a little cleaner . 
 although i can tell that things are missing , i have no idea what they could be . 
 i open drawers , push aside the new clothes in my closet , but there are no hints that i ever had a social life . 
 either i was a nobody , or i had to have the people around me erased . 
 `` damn it , '' i say as i slam the drawer closed . 
 i just wanted something-anything-to give me a clue to what i was like before . 
 i take a minute to look around , see if i missed anything , when i hear my mother call me from downstairs . 
 `` sloane , '' she says . 
 `` dinner . '' 
 i head for the door , disturbed that i did n't find anything-not even a picture . 
 it 's like someone came in here and swept it all away . 
 what worries me most is the idea that i was ever sick enough to be sent away in the first place . 
 it does n't seem possible . 
 my father is working late , so it 's just my mother and me . 
 i poke at the fried potatoes on my plate . 
 i want to ask her about my past , but i 'm afraid that she wo n't tell me ... and that she will . 
 what if knowing really will make me sick again ? 
 `` so how was school ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` settling in okay ? '' 
 `` pretty good , i guess . '' 
 i chew slowly . 
 `` mom , what happened to all my clothes ? '' 
 `` we got you new ones . 
 do you not like them ? '' 
 `` no , they 're fine . 
 i just wonder what my old clothes looked like . '' 
 `` pretty much the same . 
 but dr. warren suggested that we get you a new wardrobe to give you a fresh start . 
 if you do n't like them , we can go shopping after school . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` that might be fun . '' 
 a fresh start . 
 my heart rate begins to speed up . 
 `` great , '' i say halfheartedly . 
 `` but i was wondering ... '' i swallow hard . 
 `` would you tell me if i asked if i ever had a boyfriend ? '' 
 my mother does n't noticeably react as she cuts into her chicken . 
 `` sure , honey , '' she says , not looking up . 
 `` you did date a little , but nothing serious . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i ca n't explain why , but that answer makes me feel bad . 
 `` friends ? '' 
 i ask . 
 my mother bristles then . 
 `` what 's this about , sloane ? 
 you should be worried about the present , not the past . '' 
 `` you 're right , '' i say , just to get rid of the crease between her eyebrows . 
 we start eating again , and after a minute , i smile . 
 `` do you know anything about a james murphy ? '' 
 i ask , cutting into my meat . 
 my mother looks up at me . 
 `` no . 
 is he a classmate of yours ? '' 
 `` we have math together , and my friend said that he 'd been in the program just before me . 
 he sounds kind of bad . '' 
 i laugh . 
 my mother nods , smiling kindly . 
 `` then that should be a real sign to steer clear of him , do n't you think ? 
 the last thing you need so soon after returning is more problems . 
 you have to remember that you were unwell , and now you 're cured . 
 you 're not supposed to dwell on the past . 
 you 're supposed to be focused on now . '' 
 `` i 'm not dwelling , '' i say , my face stinging from her scolding me . 
 `` i do n't have a past . 
 can you understand how confusing that is ? '' 
 `` i 'm sure it is . 
 but they took the memories that were corrupted . 
 and if you keep digging around in your head , reality is going to slip away . 
 the doctor told us - '' `` how do you know they only took the bad memories ? '' 
 i challenge . 
 `` i ca n't remember anything . 
 i do n't even know what happened to brady , only that he 's dead . 
 what happened to him ? '' 
 `` he drowned , '' my mother answers simply , as if that in itself is an explanation . 
 i knew this already . 
 dr. warren had told me in a therapy session . 
 but there were never any details . 
 `` how ? '' 
 `` sloane , '' my mother says in a warning voice . 
 `` who 's to say they only erased what they were supposed to ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` my life has so many holes in it and - '' `` this discussion is over , '' my mother says quickly . 
 i meet her eyes over the table , and i can see she is in full panic mode . 
 `` you tried to kill yourself , sloane . 
 they told us you were resistant in the program , too . 
 we could have lost you , just like we lost your brother . 
 the program kept you alive , and for that i 'm blessed . 
 any inconvenience you may feel now will fade soon enough . 
 and if you just ca n't bear it , maybe we should call the doctor and see if there is another treatment available . 
 i ca n't go through this again . '' 
 she starts to cry . 
 `` i just ca n't . '' 
 my mother pushes back from the table , leaving her barely touched food behind as she heads toward her bedroom . 
 i feel guilty , as if i 'm just a problem that continues to repeat itself . 
 and so with that , i toss my napkin down and retreat upstairs . 
 it 's an hour later when my mother knocks at my door , asking if she can talk to me . 
 i let her in , still hating that i upset her . 
 she looks older than she does in my memories , making me think the way i remember things is n't accurate at all . 
 `` about your brother , '' she says , coming to sit next to me on the bed . 
 `` it was a very tragic loss , sloane . 
 one we 'd all prefer to forget . '' 
 `` what happened to him ? '' 
 chills spread over my body . 
 `` brady was a great swimmer . 
 how could he drown ? '' 
 `` it was a rafting accident . 
 and your doctors had to take the memory because it was very traumatic for you . 
 they felt it contributed to your illness . '' 
 i had n't considered that my brother might have hurt himself . 
 brady would n't do something that selfish . 
 he loved us . 
 we were happy . 
 `` i miss him , '' i tell my mother , looking at her . 
 she blinks back her tears and smiles sadly . 
 `` i miss him too . 
 but we had to move on as a family . 
 your brother drowned in that river and it devastated us . 
 still , we 've found our peace again . 
 please do n't make us relive the pain . 
 do you promise ? '' 
 there 's a tightness in my chest , and i think what she 's asking is unfair , especially because i ca n't remember losing my brother . 
 i need a little more closure , a chance to grieve now that i 'm home . 
 but instead , i just nod , and she pats my thigh . 
 `` now , '' she says as if everything is cleared up . 
 `` tell me again about all these friends you 're making . '' 
 `` oh ... '' i furrow my brow , surprised by the subject change . 
 `` well , it 's only one friend . 
 the girl lacey i told you about ? 
 she 's really nice . 
 i think you 'll like her . '' 
 i 'm not sure that 's true , but i 'm hoping it 'll make my mother less cautious with me . 
 `` i was hoping that maybe she could come over for dinner one night . '' 
 my mother presses her lips together , thinking . 
 `` maybe in a few weeks-when things settle down . '' 
 i do n't like her answer but i do n't tell her . 
 `` and the boy ? '' 
 she asks offhandedly . 
 i laugh . 
 `` there 's no boy . 
 i was just wondering about someone in my math class . 
 it 's no big deal . '' 
 my mother smiles , but it looks forced , and i feel my heart sink . 
 she 's not going to let lacey come here , and she certainly is n't going to let me date anyone-possibly ever . 
 i 'm starting to think that i need to find realm . 
 i 'm not sure there is anyone else i can confide in . 
 he 'd told me to wait to find him , but i ca n't . 
 i need someone to talk to , someone who will understand . 
 i wonder if kevin will take me to him now . 
 my mother reaches out to brush my hair behind my ear . 
 `` i 'm glad we had this talk , '' she says , gazing at me lovingly . 
 `` we 're so happy to have you home , honey . 
 you have no idea how much we 've missed you . '' 
 i tell her i missed her , too , but really i 'm thinking about the ache that has started deep in my chest , a pain that i ca n't place and i ca n't understand . 
 it 's like longing , whether for myself or someone else , i do n't know . 
 there is a part of me missing and no matter what i do , i 'm not sure i 'll ever fill it . 
 it 's nearly a week later , and i 'm in math class again . 
 kevin told me that i was n't ready to see realm because i have n't healed yet , and it 's imperative for my brain to do so . 
 he reminded me that although he 's looking out for me as a favor for realm , he really is concerned for my health and that it is his first priority . 
 james murphy sits in the desk next to me , paying attention as our teacher continues to talk . 
 i lower my head , letting my hair fall forward , blocking the right side of my face enough so that i can stare at james through my dark hair . 
 the scars on his bicep are white , but they 've got a weird crisscrossing pattern . 
 i ca n't figure out what could have caused that sort of injury , but it 's not angry and pink like a normal scar . 
 is it a burn ? 
 james glances sideways , catching me looking at his arm . 
 his face is expressionless , and he turns back to the front , as if he did n't notice me at all . 
 i swallow hard . 
 i go back to my notebook and copy down a few problems from the board . 
 i look at kevin , who 's staring out the window , daydreaming . 
 i peek at james again , the thought that he refuses to acknowledge me making me that much more curious about him . 
 and although i 'm not checking him out , i do notice how attractive he is-i mean , i ca n't really miss it . 
 he is n't overly styled : in fact , his chin is unshaven , the stubble there a little darker than his hair . 
 when i look at his mouth , there 's a ghost of a smile there , even though he 's staring straight ahead . 
 james leans forward and turns the page of his notebook , jotting something down quickly . 
 i watch as he turns the spiral-bound notebook sideways , continuing to stare ahead . 
 i 'm not sure what he 's doing when he silently taps his finger on the page . 
 i realize suddenly that he wants me to read it . 
 i lean over slightly . 
 why are you staring at me ? 
 he darts a glance in my direction , and i can feel the heat in my cheeks , my embarrassment getting the best of me . 
 i shrug . 
 james nods and goes back to his notebook , scribbling something else before turning it toward me . 
 it 's giving me a complex . 
 a laugh escapes from my lips , and i quickly cover my mouth . 
 nearly half the class turns toward the sound , but james is the picture of innocence as he flips back to his original page and folds his hands in front of him . 
 `` is there a problem , sloane ? '' 
 the teacher asks . 
 within seconds kevin is standing at my side , looking concerned . 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i choked on a piece of gum . '' 
 `` perhaps that 's why we do n't allow gum in the classroom , '' the teacher responds , sounding annoyed at the interruption . 
 `` are you not feeling well ? '' 
 kevin whispers . 
 `` maybe we should go out into the hall for some air . '' 
 `` no , '' i say instantly . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 really . '' 
 kevin shoots a nervous look at james , and then walks to the front and interrupts our teacher midsentence . 
 i do n't dare turn to james , but i can feel him watching me . 
 `` of course , '' the teacher says to my handler . 
 `` sloane , can you come sit in the front , please ? '' 
 i gather my things quickly and take an empty desk directly to the side of the teacher . 
 i sit there for the rest of class , feeling kind of humiliated . 
 but maybe just a little bit charmed . 
 after class kevin pulls me aside and levels his stare on mine . 
 `` what was that about in there ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i laughed . 
 it 's not a huge deal . '' 
 i do n't appreciate him being so nosy , but then i think that a regular handler might be a lot more intrusive than kevin 's being right now . 
 `` do you know james murphy ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` no . '' 
 kevin exhales as he straightens . 
 `` then let 's keep it that way . 
 james is n't the sort you want to get to know , sloane . 
 i ca n't protect you if you 're going to go down that path . '' 
 `` and what path is that ? '' 
 `` a self-destructive one . 
 just promise me you 'll stay away from him . 
 please . '' 
 i do n't like being told who i can and ca n't associate with . 
 but kevin 's eyes are pleading with me , so i nod , even though it 's going to be a hard promise to keep . 
 chapter five lacey has taken up permanent residence across from me at the lunch table , always sharing her cupcakes , always entertaining me with her stories about guys . 
 i have n't been back to the wellness center since that first time , and lacey has n't mentioned meeting her there again . 
 i just hope my mother will eventually let her come over to our house . 
 `` oh , '' lacey says , biting into the orange frosting . 
 `` i ended up having coffee with a new guy last night . '' 
 she beams . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i have to admit , i 'm a little jealous . 
 the thought of going out on a date sounds so exciting , so free . 
 even if i were allowed to date , i 'd have to take kevin along . 
 how creepy would that be ? 
 `` he 's cute , '' lacey starts . 
 `` he has a car , and best of all , he 's over eighteen . '' 
 `` so no program ? '' 
 `` right . 
 he 's so freaking normal i 'd say he was boring , but right now i do n't mind . 
 he knows how to kiss . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` i think that may be the real reason you like him . '' 
 `` it 's not funny , '' she says , tossing a rolled-up straw wrapper at me . 
 `` overusage of tongue is a serious problem . 
 i think that 's the real epidemic here . '' 
 i 'm cracking up . 
 kevin stands more alert from the side of the room as he watches us , but i ca n't stop . 
 `` and yes , part of why i like him is his technique . 
 but i have plenty of other reasons , too . '' 
 she grins . 
 `` he 's really nice to look at . '' 
 `` wow , '' i say . 
 `` with so much in common , i think you may be soul mates . '' 
 `` oh , shut up . '' 
 she laughs . 
 `` i 'll tell you one thing , '' she says , getting more serious . 
 `` the minute i graduate , i 'm out of this town . 
 out of this state . 
 i hear that back east they 've contained the outbreak without the program . 
 think of all the normal people who 'll be walking around there . '' 
 i widen my eyes . 
 `` they 've contained it ? 
 i did n't hear that . '' 
 `` it 's not mainstream news , '' she says , sipping from her drink . 
 `` total underground , but it 's for real . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` maybe you 'll come with me . '' 
 `` i 'd have to take kevin with me , '' i say , motioning toward my handler . 
 lacey seems to consider this . 
 `` he can come , '' she murmurs , running her gaze over him . 
 `` i like blonds . '' 
 kevin notices us eying him . 
 lacey laughs and turns back to her cupcake . 
 `` so , '' i ask a few minutes later . 
 `` did you keep any friends from the program ? '' 
 lacey shakes her head . 
 `` nope . 
 they were all pretty lame . '' 
 she glances up at me mischievously . 
 `` are you thinking of finding your friend-the one with benefits ? '' 
 `` he did n't have those kind of benefits , and yes , i 'm thinking about it . 
 do you think i should ? 
 do you think it could make me sick again ? '' 
 lacey 's expression darkens . 
 `` i wish i knew what makes us sick , sloane . 
 but we do n't know . 
 and neither do they . 
 i say you go find him . 
 you deserve to live the life you want . '' 
 there 's a hint of tragedy in her voice , as if she 's wondered about getting sick again before . 
 over lacey 's shoulder i notice james murphy watching us , and there 's a twist in my stomach , both anxious and excited . 
 lacey must read it because she turns around and sees him , and then looks back to me . 
 `` i knew you liked him . '' 
 `` no , i do n't , '' i answer quickly . 
 `` it 's just that he does n't seem to want to talk to me , and to be honest , it makes him that much hotter . '' 
 we both laugh . 
 `` well , trust me , '' she says , crumpling her wrappers , `` james may be hot , but he 's a troublemaker . 
 someone like him could get you flagged again . 
 so make sure you enjoy him for what he is : eye candy . '' 
 she winks and then walks away . 
 at the end of the day i 'm at my locker , but kevin is nowhere in sight . 
 i consider waiting for him , but then i realize i 'm happy to be on my own . 
 i hurry outside . 
 it 's my handler 's responsibility to find me , not vice versa . 
 it 's a nice day out . 
 the sun is warm in a cloudless sky and i actually enjoy the walk . 
 a few people look at me , as if realizing i should n't be unescorted , but they still say hi to me . 
 it is n't until i 'm a few blocks away that i realize how truly far my house is . 
 maybe i should call my mother for a ride . 
 `` hey . 
 it 's sloane , right ? '' 
 i 'm startled by the voice and turn to the street as a car slows next to me . 
 i duck to look in the passenger window and abruptly stop on the sidewalk . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` i 'm james , '' he says . 
 `` you know , the one you stare at in class . '' 
 my cheeks warm , but i try to play it off . 
 `` i do n't stare at you . '' 
 he smiles to himself , clearly knowing that i do . 
 `` so can i give you a ride somewhere ? '' 
 i 'm embarrassed and not sure this is a good idea at all . 
 kevin had said to stay away from james , that he was on a self-destructive path . 
 `` we 're not supposed to talk to each other , '' i say . 
 `` really ? 
 well , if you 'd like we can drive in complete silence . '' 
 i laugh , adjusting the strap of my backpack on my shoulder . 
 `` this your car ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` nope . 
 does that mean you 'll get in ? '' 
 `` i should n't take rides from strangers , '' i say . 
 james lowers his eyes , his playfulness fading . 
 `` but ... , '' i continue . 
 `` you seem harmless enough . '' 
 he looks surprised . 
 `` i do ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you look like you 're going to cause me a lot of problems . 
 but it 's a long walk home . '' 
 i step off the curb and open the passenger door . 
 he does n't say anything as we pull away , and when we pass the turn for my house , i do n't tell him . 
 i clear my throat . 
 `` do you think they follow us ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` who ? '' 
 `` the handlers . '' 
 james taps his thumb on the steering wheel as he takes a left onto the main road , passing all the car dealerships and restaurants . 
 `` yes . 
 but not today . 
 they all rushed off to the high school , some big incident they 're trying to keep quiet . '' 
 `` is that where my handler went ? 
 i thought he just got tired of me . '' 
 `` he definitely could have . '' 
 james smiles . 
 `` you seem like the pain-in-the-ass sort-a twinkle in your eye . 
 but more likely he was tasing someone in the hallway . 
 he 'll probably drive by your house later . 
 they still drive by mine sometimes . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 i honestly did n't know that kevin drove by my house , and it makes me a bit uneasy . 
 `` so what do you think they 'll do if they see us together ? '' 
 `` nothing . 
 what are they going to do-spank us ? '' 
 he chuckles . 
 `` they could put us back in - '' `` sloane , '' james interrupts . 
 `` are you hungry ? 
 maybe we could hit denny 's or something . 
 i like pancakes . '' 
 `` people will see us at denny 's , '' i answer quietly . 
 `` right , good point . '' 
 he turns to smile at me , but it seems strained , as if his confidence is just an act . 
 `` mcdonald 's drive-through ? '' 
 `` why did you really offer me a ride home ? '' 
 i ask , my curiosity too much . 
 james has ignored me since standing up for me at the wellness center , and now he 's talking to me . 
 driving me around . 
 he shrugs . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 `` then why did you - '' `` i really do n't know . 
 i do n't want friends , sloane . 
 i just want to graduate and get the hell out of here . '' 
 he exhales , staring out the windshield . 
 `` and then you show up , watching me with your big brown eyes . 
 looking at me like you know me . '' 
 `` i do n't know you . '' 
 `` and i do n't know you . 
 so why did i care that that ass ** le was being mean to you outside on the patio that night ? 
 why have i worried about you since ? 
 can you explain it ? '' 
 he sounds frustrated , and i realize that he has the same conflicting feelings that i do . 
 emotions that are there , but without cause . 
 feelings that are n't attached to memories and therefore meaningless . 
 i 'm suddenly scared and think about james being high-risk . 
 `` i 'm on hillsdale drive , '' i murmur . 
 `` you passed my street a while back . '' 
 james makes a sound like he 's about to say something , but instead he makes a hard u-turn and drives us back in the direction of my house . 
 he does n't talk , and the tension grows . 
 a pain starts to work through my body , a dread . 
 an ache . 
 i want to get far away from james murphy because i think he may be the cause of it . 
 i feel ... sick . 
 when he stops in front of my driveway , i move quickly to get out . 
 i toss back a thank-you and hurry toward my front door , glad my parents are n't home to see me so flustered . 
 when i get on the porch , i glance over my shoulder . 
 the car is still there , james is talking to himself and looking pissed . 
 i pause right where i am as i watch him wipe roughly at his cheek and pull away . 
 chapter six `` so i know you and james are n't at all into each other , '' lacey says , biting into her cupcake as she sits across from me in the cafeteria . 
 `` but he 's been watching you this entire time . 
 i might start feeling bad for him if you do n't at least acknowledge him . '' 
 i do n't , keeping my back to his end of the cafeteria as i eat my lunch . 
 james makes me self-conscious . 
 his shifts between flirting and avoiding me are stirring up emotions i do n't understand . 
 and i do n't want to get sick again . 
 `` okay , '' lacey says when i do n't answer . 
 `` i 'm just saying the more you ignore him , the more i 'm convinced you 're in love with the guy . 
 and he looks positively pathetic today . '' 
 `` he does not . 
 and i do n't even know him , so how can i love him ? '' 
 lacey smiles as if i just told her that i want to marry him and have his blond-headed babies . 
 `` well , whatever you 're doing , '' she says , `` you 're messing him up hardcore . '' 
 i worry suddenly that she 's right . 
 what if by talking to him i started some chain reaction of events ? 
 what if we get infected again because of me ? 
 i put my chin on my shoulder and look back at james . 
 when i do , he straightens . 
 he holds my stare in a way that pins me in place until i hear lacey calling my name , making me turn around . 
 `` oh , lord , '' she mumbles . 
 `` this is not going to end well . '' 
 `` let 's just drop it . '' 
 `` fine . '' 
 she holds up her hands as if i 'm a lost cause . 
 `` i do have something for you though . '' 
 this peaks my interest . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` it 's a little trick i learned a few weeks into my return . '' 
 with a cautious glance at kevin , she reaches down to take something from her backpack . 
 she taps my knee as she passes it to me under the table . 
 `` what is it ? '' 
 i ask , bringing it onto my lap to look it over . 
 it 's a small pad of paper with the name of the school psychologist at the top . 
 the entire pad has been filled out with his signature , requiring only the date and time . 
 i look across the table at lacey , my eyes wide . 
 `` if you need some time off , '' she whispers . 
 `` just fill it in and give it to your teacher . 
 they never check . 
 they expect us to be in therapy-they definitely do n't expect us to skip . 
 we 're the good ones , remember ? 
 sorry that i 've used up half the passes already . '' 
 when i look at her questioningly , she shrugs . 
 `` what ? 
 how did you think i found the time to sample so many flavors ? '' 
 i laugh , thinking about lacey sneaking around school , making out with guys behind the building or in the custodian 's closet . 
 and then , completely not meaning to , i take another look back at james . 
 and he smiles . 
 `` not interested at all , '' lacey says offhandedly . 
 `` so sure . '' 
 i do n't waste any time using the pass . 
 it 's like having the key to an intricate lock right there in your pocket . 
 before my final class , i fill one out and then pause at the entryway , trying not to give myself away . 
 after a deep breath , i turn to kevin . 
 `` i actually have a session with mr. andrews , '' i say , motioning back toward the office . 
 `` it 'll probably last through the end of the day . '' 
 kevin glances at his watch and then nods . 
 `` i 'll walk you there . '' 
 i smile as my heart explodes with panic in my chest . 
 `` oh . 
 sure . 
 okay . '' 
 kevin waits as i show my teacher the fake pass , letting him mark me as present in the roster . 
 then he dismisses me . 
 i do n't talk as kevin and i head down the empty hall toward the office . 
 i do n't know what i was thinking . 
 my handler is going to see that i do n't have a session , and then he 's going to check the pass . 
 i 'm going to get so busted . 
 i do n't think he 'll be able to ignore this , no matter what sort of favor he 's doing for realm . 
 and where will i tell him i got it from ? 
 i wo n't turn lacey in . 
 they can put me back in the program if they have to . 
 the program . 
 an acute sense of dread slips over me , and i consider confessing to kevin that i do n't have a session ; asking him not to turn me in . 
 but that would just be stupid . 
 i have to ride this out , and if that fails , deny , deny , deny . 
 `` you 've done well , '' kevin tells me as we walk . 
 `` i 'm honestly impressed with the progress you 've made so far . 
 not all returners are so cooperative . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i say , the pass burning a hole in my hand , proving that his trust is misplaced . 
 `` i appreciate you saying that . '' 
 `` realm told me you were remarkable in the program , and now i see it . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` you know , i was at your house that day . 
 i was one of the handlers who brought you to the facility , '' he says softly . 
 `` and you were ... really sick . 
 i 'm so glad to see you healthy now . 
 i 've really been pulling for you . '' 
 i can feel the color drain from my face when he says this . 
 `` you were there ? '' 
 is all i can mumble . 
 oh , god . 
 they took me from my own house ? 
 kevin nods and puts his hand on my shoulder . 
 `` i was . 
 and when realm contacted me about your release , i was hesitant . 
 i did n't think you 'd be a good candidate , but now i see it . 
 you 're very clever . '' 
 `` candidate for what ? '' 
 kevin motions toward the office door as if reminding me that i have therapy . 
 as he holds it open , he smiles . 
 `` i 'll have realm get in touch with you soon , '' he says . 
 `` i think that 'd make you both pretty happy . '' 
 `` i would love to see him . '' 
 `` i 'll see what i can do . '' 
 he leaves , but i 'm stunned , standing in the middle of the front office . 
 kevin has seen a side of me that i ca n't remember . 
 he said i 'd been really sick . 
 i ca n't even picture it . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 the secretary asks , startling me . 
 i look at her and then check back over my shoulder to make sure kevin is gone . 
 when i 'm sure he is , i smile . 
 `` hi , '' i say . 
 `` mr. bellis wanted copy paper ? '' 
 i hurry through the empty halls and stash the ream of paper in my locker . 
 my heart is racing with the worry of getting caught , but i feel alive right now-as if i 'm escaping more than just fifty minutes of class . 
 i start toward the back door , hoping to sneak through it toward the far lot . 
 when i get outside , i remember about the football field . 
 `` damn it , '' i murmur . 
 even though sports are n't played anymore , they 've kept the lawn intact , even mowing it short . 
 but it rained heavily last night and the field looks half-flooded . 
 it 's the only way to the far lot unless i walk around the building , possibly getting seen by the front office . 
 i sigh and move closer to the field to check it out . 
 the air around me is warm from the sun . 
 it smells new and clean , and i 'm suddenly reminded of the times i spent camping with brady . 
 sometimes it would pour rain , and we 'd be stuck in the tent , playing cards and eating beef jerky . 
 it was still fun , though . 
 we always had fun . 
 as my sneaker squishes in the wet earth , i think about how much i miss brady . 
 it 's like my memories of him end with us happy . 
 just happiness and then he 's gone , a quietness in its place . 
 i wonder how i handled losing him . 
 my mother said it was tough on me , but i wonder if i was brave . 
 or i wonder if his dying was what finally broke me . 
 `` sloane ! '' 
 i jump and spin around , nearly wiping out on the field as i see james jogging up , his cheeks pink from running . 
 the sun reflects off his hair , casting him in gold . 
 i hate how gorgeous he is . 
 `` are you trying to get me in trouble ? '' 
 i ask the minute he 's in front of me , breathing hard . 
 i look behind him to make sure no one 's watching , but he just smiles . 
 `` define trouble . '' 
 i shake my head and turn , starting across the field , even though my sneakers are getting sucked into the mud . 
 `` freaking hell , '' i say , trying to jump from grass patch to grass patch . 
 `` so you skip class too ? '' 
 james asks . 
 `` obviously . 
 but i do n't try to get caught by yelling people 's name across the field . '' 
 `` are you pissed because i had a minibreakdown in the car ? '' 
 i stop , and james bumps into the back of me , nearly sending me headlong into the mud . 
 i grab for his shirt and he grabs for my hand and soon we 're both off balance . 
 when we 're finally standing straight , our feet are practically on top of each other 's , james holding me by the wrist . 
 i worry that someone will see us like this . 
 he should n't be this close . 
 and he definitely should n't be looking at me like that . 
 `` i have to go , '' i say , yanking away . 
 only when i do , james 's foot slides in the mud and then he 's falling back , landing faceup in a pile of mud . 
 `` i am so sorry ! '' 
 i say , putting my hand over my mouth . 
 but instead of jumping up and trying to clean himself off , james starts laughing hysterically . 
 `` you did that on purpose , '' he says . 
 `` you 're so dead . '' 
 he gets up , trying to grab for me , but his knee slides , and he ends up sprawling out on his stomach , covered in mud from head to toe . 
 `` oh my god , '' he says . 
 he rolls over and lands with a splat right next to my feet , and i ca n't stop myself from bursting out laughing . 
 `` you laughing at me ? '' 
 he asks , still staring up at the sky . 
 `` yes , '' i say immediately . 
 `` i absolutely am . '' 
 he lifts his head , mud smeared on his ear , and grabs my pant leg . 
 `` oh , yeah ? '' 
 `` do n't you dare . '' 
 he knots the jean fabric in his fist , yanking on it playfully . 
 `` do you like getting dirty ? '' 
 `` i will beat you senseless . '' 
 i see where he 's smeared mud on my clothing already . 
 i 'm afraid he might actually drag me down with him . 
 `` i have no problem kicking your balls , '' i add . 
 he chuckles and pulls me again , making me stumble , but i correct myself before i fall . 
 around us the world smells like earth and life . 
 i try to pull from his grasp without letting my other sneaker slip in the mud . 
 `` james , '' i say calmly , `` let me go or i swear i 'll scream . '' 
 `` really ? 
 you would get me thrown back into the program ? '' 
 and when i think about it , i know i would n't . 
 i kick his hand and yank back , but my other sneaker flips out from under me and i fall . 
 james swears and moves quickly , trying to catch me , but i 'm faceup in the mud before he can . 
 the cool , mushy earth surrounds me as i catch my breath . 
 `` sloane ? '' 
 james is kneeling next to me , looking concerned . 
 `` i was n't really going to pull you into the mud . '' 
 i stare back at him , my fingers digging into a clump of mud at my side . 
 james actually looks worried . 
 he 's such an idiot . 
 with a fierce right hook , i smash a handful of mud on the side of his face , catching him completely off guard as he falls to his side . 
 the minute he 's down i start taking clumps of mud and grass and throwing them at him , burying him . 
 he 's laughing , bits of dirt on his teeth before he sits up and lunges , tackling me . 
 `` you 're nuts , '' he says . 
 `` oh , and i think you 're hungry . '' 
 he 's got me pinned , my ears half-buried in the mud , blocking out the sound of his threats . 
 he holds up a huge handful of mud , his own face covered nearly completely . 
 he looks ridiculous , his blue eyes standing out against the dark dirt . 
 he holds the mud over my face , little bits of dirty water dripping on my cheek . 
 `` you 're going to eat this , '' he says . 
 `` do n't ! '' 
 i 'm half laughing , half begging , trying to turn my face so he wo n't stuff the dirt into my mouth . 
 james takes both my hands in one of his , pining them over my head as he moves to straddle me , wiping the mud on my neck , smearing it with his fingers . 
 `` ew ! '' 
 he says dramatically . 
 `` this must feel so disgusting . '' 
 he shoves it down the front of my shirt . 
 the mud is cold and slimy , and i turn from left to right trying to get away from it , giggling the entire time . 
 `` you pushed me in the mud , '' he says , grabbing another big handful from next to my face . 
 `` then you threatened my balls . 
 i think you should pay , do n't you ? '' 
 `` no ! '' 
 james lets my hands go , but does n't get up . 
 he 's so proud of himself , having pinned a girl half his size , but i do n't point this out . 
 he exhales and throws the clump of mud off to the side , looking down at me as if he does n't know what to do with me now . 
 `` you 're a vicious little thing , '' james says as he finally crawls off me . 
 `` you would have really hurt me if i let you . '' 
 his sneakers make a sucking noise as he stands up . 
 when he holds out his hand to me , i look at it doubtfully . 
 `` truce ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` whatever . '' 
 i take his hand and let me him help me up , even let him hold my arm as we make it across the muddy field , heading toward the back end of the parking lot . 
 `` you 're filthy , '' he says , like it 's a surprise , pausing at his car . 
 `` you should let me drive you home . '' 
 `` and what about our clothes ? '' 
 i ask , when i stop outside the passenger door . 
 `` if it were my car , you 'd have to ride home naked . '' 
 he smiles at the idea . 
 `` but since it 's my dad 's , i do n't care if it gets dirty . '' 
 i decide to at least take off my cardigan , leaving the muddy tank top underneath . 
 james takes off his shirt altogether , and i try not to notice . 
 i have to try pretty hard . 
 when we sit in the car and turn to each other , we both crack up . 
 `` maybe you could spray me down with your hose before i head home ? '' 
 james asks , starting the car . 
 `` like a dog . '' 
 `` you can scratch my belly if you want . '' 
 `` gross . '' 
 when we get to my house , my parents are just climbing out of their car . 
 i forgot it was their support group day and they 'd be home early . 
 as we stop at the curb , james laughs . 
 `` good thing you did n't really ride home naked . '' 
 `` not sure this is much of an improvement . '' 
 i flip down the mirror and see my mud-covered skin and then glare at james . 
 `` i think you 're a bad influence , '' i tell him . 
 he grins . 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 i shake my head and start to open the door . 
 `` it might be weird if i spray you down on my front lawn while my parents watch , '' i say . 
 `` although you strike me as an exhibitionist . '' 
 `` oh , i am . 
 but that 's fine . 
 i 'll wash up at home . '' 
 i get out , but before i close the door , james calls my name . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask , a smile teasing my lips . 
 `` it was a good day , '' he says simply . 
 `` thanks . '' 
 i agree , then close his door , watching as he drives off . 
 i almost wish i 'd stayed in the car . 
 that was ... nice . 
 in a really strange and dirty way . 
 `` sloane ? '' 
 my mother calls , her voice tight . 
 when i turn , the looks on my parents ' faces are almost comical in their confusion . 
 `` sorry , '' i say , although i do n't sound it . 
 `` i fell in the mud , and james brought me home . '' 
 `` james ? '' 
 my mother says , exchanging a concerned glance with my father . 
 it stops me cold . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` it 's just ... '' my mother pauses as if debating something . 
 `` sloane , you 're not supposed to date after - '' `` oh , we 're not , '' i say quickly . 
 `` it 's not like that . '' 
 my mother lets out a held breath . 
 `` that 's good . 
 we just want to keep you safe , honey . '' 
 her tone is tense , but rather than press her , i go inside to clean up . 
 i do n't want to ruin my first fun day in what seems like forever . 
 or at least , the first one i can remember . 
 chapter seven i 'm surprised when i wake up the next morning to find kevin waiting at my front door . 
 i thought we 'd gotten past the escorting me to school stage of our relationship . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` we just want to make sure you 're not doing anything to jeopardize your health , sloane , '' my mother says calmly . 
 `` so i 've asked kevin to watch you a little more closely . '' 
 i step back from her as if i 've been slapped in the face . 
 `` you called the handler on me ? '' 
 i turn to kevin . 
 `` and what did she say ? 
 that i was smiling too much ? '' 
 kevin bristles . 
 `` she said you were riding around with james murphy . 
 is that true ? '' 
 my first instinct is to deny it , but i know there 's no use . 
 `` so ? 
 we 're friends . '' 
 my mother tsks next to me as if i 'm confirming her fears . 
 kevin tilts his head like he 's disappointed . 
 `` this is your warning , sloane , '' he says firmly . 
 `` you 're not to have contact with mr. murphy anymore . 
 do you understand ? '' 
 kevin looks completely serious , and i think that i 've killed whatever bond we had . 
 he does n't trust me anymore , and like he 'd told me before , his main objective is to keep me well , not to help me break the rules . 
 `` yes , '' i say to kevin , the bitterness clear in my voice . 
 i look over at my mother then , anger rolling over me . 
 `` i just got home and already you 're trying to get rid of me ? '' 
 the minute the words are out , i regret them as her face falls . 
 but instead of apologizing , i straighten my back and walk out , leaving kevin to trail behind me . 
 my handler takes the seat next to me in math class , blocking my view of james . 
 i 'm so surprised by kevin 's change in demeanor that i do n't bother talking to him . 
 he 's like a real handler now . 
 i wonder if james has been warned as well , especially with how severe a reaction kevin is having . 
 then again , if they 'd ordered james to stay at least fifty feet away from me , it 'd probably make him want to talk to me more , so i smile . 
 i 'd thought that maybe he was a jerk , or difficult . 
 but after yesterday , i feel light . 
 as if james reminded me what it was like to have fun again . 
 after class , i walk down the hallway with kevin carrying my books like i 'm helpless , when my phone vibrates in my pocket . 
 i 'm not sure who would text me other than my mother , and i definitely do n't want to talk to her . 
 but then i see james down the hall , leaning against the lockers . 
 he 's got a phone in his hand , twisting it between his fingers as if he 's waiting for something . 
 `` i have to run to the bathroom , '' i say to kevin , catching him by surprise . 
 `` but - '' `` does the program limit how many times i can relieve my bladder now ? '' 
 i ask . 
 kevin smiles . 
 `` no , '' he says . 
 `` that still belongs to you . 
 i 'll wait for you though . '' 
 he stands at my locker and i cross the hall , rushing into the girl 's bathroom . 
 once inside a stall , i take out my phone . 
 i think you have an admirer . 
 he looks good in white . 
 i do n't recognize the number , but i know it 's james . 
 i lean against the wall and respond : well , apparently you 're bad news . 
 not supposed to talk you again . 
 ever . 
 i bite my lip , wondering how he 'll answer . 
 if he 'll say that maybe they 're right , that we should n't be around each other . 
 but my phone vibrates instantly . 
 yeah . 
 that 's probably not going to happen . 
 want to skip out ? 
 i laugh , thrilled at how quickly he dismissed the idea . 
 how ? 
 i 'll distract your boyfriend . 
 meet at my car in ten ? 
 god , james is going to get me flagged . 
 but at the same time , i ca n't help it . 
 i really , really want to leave with him right now . 
 and my mother ... how dare she turn me in . 
 i 'm so mad at her i almost want to get caught just to spite her . 
 but i push that idea away , knowing that i do n't want to go back to the program . 
 i could n't do it again , especially without realm . 
 i close my eyes , my heart racing in my chest . 
 i want to go with james . 
 but it 's too early to use another pass . 
 they 'll be suspicious . 
 i ca n't right now , i type back . 
 another time ? 
 james does n't answer right away , and i worry that he 's annoyed or that he 's already started some elaborate plan to get us out . 
 i wonder how much longer i should wait when a message pops up . 
 another time . 
 `` your handler looks like he 's got a stick up his ass today , '' lacey says . 
 she reaches into her lunch bag , but instead of taking out cupcakes , she holds a shiny red apple . 
 when she sees me notice , she bites into it . 
 `` need to watch my figure . '' 
 `` you look great , '' i tell her , but she waves me away . 
 `` do n't try to change the subject , '' she says . 
 `` what did you get busted for ? 
 i 've seen him crowding you today . '' 
 i sigh . 
 `` it might have been because i was with james murphy yesterday . 
 and when he dropped me off he was shirtless and covered in mud . 
 but nothing happened . '' 
 `` clearly . '' 
 i smile , but soon it fades as i think about how kevin found out . 
 `` my mother betrayed me , '' i say quietly . 
 `` she called the handler on me . '' 
 `` whoa , '' lacey says . 
 `` that 's pretty harsh . '' 
 we do n't talk for a while as i pick at my food and lacey polishes off her apple . 
 when we 're both done , she meets my eyes from across the table . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' she says . 
 `` i do n't know what i 'd do if my parents did something like that to me . 
 it 's ... '' she exhales . 
 `` i 'm just sorry . '' 
 i smile gratefully and let the conversation ease back into normal things . 
 lacey is going out of town this weekend with her new , older boyfriend . 
 i 'm a little envious , but i 'm glad she seems happy . 
 i run my eyes over the cafeteria until i find the spot where james always sits , but today the seat is empty . 
 james is nowhere in sight . 
 my mother does n't speak to me at dinner , which is just as well because i do n't want to talk to her . 
 my father looks between us helplessly , but neither me nor my mother bother to explain . 
 when i 'm done , i dump my plate in the sink and go to hide out in my room . 
 i read over james 's texts a dozen times , thinking that he 's definitely flirting . 
 he made it sound like they could n't keep him away from me , and that in itself is incredibly romantic . 
 unless i 'm reading too much into it , which is entirely possible . 
 maybe he just likes the challenge of getting around the program . 
 or maybe he just wants to piss them off . 
 i wonder how he got my number . 
 like realm , he might break into things , steal files . 
 i definitely would n't put it past him . 
 james is bad . 
 and that makes him sort of good . 
 there 's a noise from downstairs , like a plate breaking . 
 it startles me , and i turn toward my door . 
 my father 's voice is loud , carrying up the stairs as he tells my mother to stop . 
 that she 's causing it . 
 i hold my breath when he says that it 's her fault . 
 are they talking about me ? 
 i 've never heard my parents argue before , but it feels familiar somehow . 
 tears begin to well up in my eyes as emotions flood me , emotions i ca n't remember and yet they hurt . 
 they sting . 
 my mother 's voice is barely audible from here , so i ease to the door to listen more closely . 
 then it hits me-a sudden pain in my head . 
 i moan against it , staggering back . 
 it 's like a screwdriver to my frontal lobe , and i nearly collapse . 
 am i having an aneurysm ? 
 am i dying ? 
 i do n't know what 's happening , and i 'm terrified as i try to get to my door , to call for help . 
 then an image fills my mind-a brightly colored memory among all the foggy ones . 
 i see myself holding something in my hands , lifting my mattress and stuffing objects in a slit there . 
 there 's a slit in my mattress ? 
 the pain fades to a dull ache , and i collapse against my closed door , trying to catch my breath . 
 is it possible that i remembered something ? 
 i slowly climb to my feet and walk around the side of bed . 
 i get down on the floor . 
 i lift the heavy mattress . 
 i feel around underneath it , disappointed when i find nothing . 
 i 'm about to drop the mattress when i brush a bulge under the fabric . 
 my heart leaps with anxiety and excitement . 
 i duck my head down to look , my arms starting to shake with the weight . 
 and i see it , a small slit cut in the fabric . 
 it 's real . 
 i rest the corner of the mattress on my shoulder and pull out the objects . 
 what the hell ? 
 there 's a plastic purple ring and the white backing of a picture . 
 why are these in my bed ? 
 and why do i remember hiding them ? 
 i drop the mattress and then sit on it , setting the ring aside as i flip the picture over . 
 when i do , shock floods my body . 
 it 's a picture of brady-possibly just before he died , but i do n't remember . 
 and next to him ... next to him with his arm around him is james . 
 james from my math class is standing with my dead brother . 
 smiling . 
 chapter eight from the doorway of our near-empty classroom i see james sitting at his desk , his notebook open as he appears to be drawing . 
 i turn and look at my handler . 
 `` i forgot my book , '' i say , having left it in my locker on purpose . 
 `` any chance you could grab it for me ? 
 i do n't want to be late . '' 
 i walk purposely toward my seat in the front , pausing there as if reminding kevin that he 's already taken care of my problem of oversocialization . 
 he nods and says he 'll be right back . 
 but the minute he 's through the door , i stomp over to james 's desk . 
 he does n't look up , just continues to shade in the picture of a figure with long , curly hair that he 's been drawing in his notebook . 
 i pull the picture of him and brady from my pocket and slam it down on his open page , startling him . 
 he sits back in his chair , staring up at me . 
 `` what the hell ? '' 
 `` how did you know my brother ? '' 
 i ask , poking hard at his image on the picture . 
 james 's blue eyes are confused , and when he looks down at the picture of him and brady , he pales considerably . 
 james pulls the picture from under my hand and examines it . 
 `` i 've never seen this before , '' he says . 
 `` and my brother ? '' 
 james swallows hard . 
 `` i do n't know him . '' 
 `` then why are you at the river together ? 
 why is your arm over his shoulder ? 
 my god , were you friends with him ? '' 
 james continues to study the picture and then hands it to me , rubbing roughly at his face . 
 `` go back to your seat before the handler comes in , '' he says , no emotion in his voice . 
 `` i need to know if you - '' `` later , '' he snaps . 
 `` now go . '' 
 james 's face is hard , and i know he 's not going to tell me anything more right now . 
 our teacher enters the room , and i stuff the picture into my pocket and hurry toward the front , angry that i 'll have to wait for answers . 
 just as i slide into my chair , kevin walks back in and lays the book on my desk . 
 he goes to the back to stand watch , making sure no one interferes with me . 
 but i feel like i 've already started to unravel . 
 i have n't told lacey about the picture , intent on confronting james first . 
 could that be why he 's really been talking to me ? 
 did he have something to do with my brother 's death ? 
 i feel deceived , and i 'm not even completely convinced i should-not if james does n't know the answer either . 
 but more than anything , it 's almost like i can get part of my brother back . 
 i just need james to fill in the gaps in my memory . 
 i barely pick at my food and nod at lacey at all the right times . 
 i wait for james to sit at his table , but he does n't come to lunch again . 
 i want to scream and run out looking for him . 
 glancing over at kevin , i see him chatting with a teacher , and i take out my phone . 
 i scroll through to find james 's last message and hit reply . 
 i want to talk . 
 now . 
 i hold my breath , setting my phone on the table as i wait for him to respond . 
 i glance at the clock and see there are only ten minutes left of lunch . 
 my fingers are actually trembling . 
 the phone vibrates , and i nearly knock over my diet coke trying to get to it . 
 `` holy hell , sloane , '' lacey says . 
 `` you doing okay ? '' 
 `` fine , '' i tell her , and pull up the message . 
 basement . 
 near storage room . 
 oh , yeah . 
 that sounds like a fantastic idea . 
 i wonder if he wants to get caught . 
 i take another cautious look at kevin . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 lacey asks seriously , leaning toward me . 
 `` you 're doing something devious . 
 i can see it in your eyes . '' 
 `` i need to get out of here , '' i whisper . 
 `` tell me about it . '' 
 `` no , i mean , i need to get out right now . 
 do you think i can ? '' 
 `` oh ! '' 
 she peeks over her shoulder , finding my handler still talking with the teacher . 
 lacey nods her chin to the back stairwell . 
 `` there , '' she says . 
 `` if you move quickly he wo n't notice the door open . '' 
 i bite my lip , not sure if i can get away with this . 
 wondering how long it 'll take kevin to find me . 
 but then i decide that i have to take the chance . 
 `` hey , '' i tell her , smiling weakly . 
 `` if i get dragged away , try and remember me okay ? '' 
 `` you got it . 
 now go . '' 
 i back out of my chair , walking slowly and calmly toward the exit . 
 when i 'm close , i look at kevin . 
 his back is to me . 
 my heart racing , i escape the cafeteria . 
 the storage room door is heavy , and it creaks when it opens . 
 it 's freaky , and i debate whether i should be in here at all . 
 it 's dark . 
 `` over here . '' 
 james 's voice comes from the corner , desks and old boxes stacked around him . 
 i ca n't see him well , but i keep moving . 
 when his hands touch my upper arms , i jump , making a soft sound . 
 `` sorry , '' he says . 
 `` i ca n't find the light . '' 
 i stare until his outline starts to come into focus ; the place so dark it 's like we 're the only people in the world . 
 god , i 'm an idiot for being here . 
 i cross my arms over my chest , even though he ca n't see me . 
 just then the room fills with light , and i find james near the wall with his hand on the switch . 
 when he looks at me , my expression is deadly serious . 
 `` how do you know brady ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i told you that i do n't . 
 i 've never seen him before . 
 did you ask him ? '' 
 his words sting , and i step back , the air pushed from my lungs . 
 `` well , did you ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` james , '' i say , the tears thick in my voice . 
 `` my brother is dead . '' 
 and the fact that he does n't know him-that my brother is gone from his memory-makes me break down . 
 seeing the picture has stirred up the pain , the grief i must have felt but do n't remember . 
 i put my face in my hands , and then suddenly james pulls me to him as i quietly sob into his shirt . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , '' he says . 
 `` i had no idea . 
 i 'm an ass ** le , okay ? '' 
 `` you are , '' i agree , but do n't move away . 
 i 'd wanted james to know brady . 
 i wanted him to tell me about him . 
 and now it 's like i 've lost my brother all over again . 
 `` stop crying , '' james says softly . 
 `` you ca n't go back to class like that . '' 
 `` i 'm not going back , '' i say , straightening from his arms . 
 `` i hate this place . 
 i hate everything . '' 
 `` believe me , sloane , '' he says . 
 `` i can relate . 
 but i do n't want you to do anything stupid . 
 how do you plan on getting out ? '' 
 james tucks my hair behind my ears . 
 i let him , but lower my eyes . 
 `` not sure . '' 
 `` i can help , '' he offers . 
 `` i 've made skipping class into a fine art . 
 i have the clearance code of a program doctor . 
 the office wo n't know it 's expired unless they check into it and see he 's retired . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 i sniffle and wipe at my cheeks . 
 `` i 'm not an amateur , '' he says . 
 `` technically i 'm at therapy right now . 
 but if i sneak you out , do you want to grab lunch or something ? 
 i 'm starving . '' 
 i wait , still wanting to be mad at him for not knowing my brother , but realistically knowing it 's not his fault . 
 `` it depends , '' i murmur . 
 `` on what ? '' 
 `` do you think ... do you think we can get our memories back ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` no , '' he says sadly . 
 `` i 've asked everyone . 
 researched it . 
 and from what i can tell ... no . '' 
 his voice takes on a hard edge , and i like it . 
 i like the anger there . 
 `` but do you want to try ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` you can come by my house , look at brady 's stuff and see if you remember anything ? '' 
 `` will you make me a sandwich ? '' 
 i smile . 
 `` yeah . 
 i guess . '' 
 james is quiet , and i think he 's going to refuse , but then he takes out his phone and dials , dissolving into the voice of an old man-pretty expertly , i must admit . 
 and when he 's done he looks nervous , as if coming with me might start something he 's not sure of . 
 but we leave anyway . 
 together . 
 `` your parents coming home anytime soon ? '' 
 james asks as we pause on my back porch . 
 there is a tiny burst of butterflies , even though i try not to notice them . 
 `` no , not for a little while . '' 
 kevin had rushed off campus after james called in an emergency at the other high school , so luckily i did n't have to lie to his face . 
 the office bought the phony call without question . 
 i 'm almost scared at how good james is at getting around the rules . 
 `` will they be able to tell if we go through their stuff ? '' 
 james asks , as we step inside my cluttered kitchen . 
 the pots from last night 's dinner are still on the stove , dishes next to the sink . 
 `` i hope not . '' 
 i push the door closed behind us , and lock it . 
 james looks around the room , taking it in and then glances back at me . 
 `` familiar ? '' 
 i ask . 
 he shakes his head . 
 `` sorry . 
 no . '' 
 i 'm definitely disappointed as i lead james upstairs , wishing he could tell me what he knows about brady . 
 i want to find out if he has any details about how my brother died . 
 how i survived it . 
 but he 's nothing short of confused as he follows behind me . 
 we pause at a door . 
 `` this was my brother 's room , '' i say quietly . 
 tears start to itch behind my eyes , but i blink them away . 
 james passes me and walks inside , looking over the room as if he 's hoping it 'll just hit him . 
 but as the minutes tick by , it seems less and less likely . 
 when his blue eyes finally meet mine , the apology is in them . 
 i turn and walk out into the hallway . 
 it does n't seem real , how part of our lives can just be wiped out . 
 how james and i can share a connection and yet not even know what it is . 
 he knew brady . 
 how could he forget him ? 
 i 'm starting down the hall , james behind me , when i hear him stop . 
 `` your bedroom ? '' 
 i turn and see him standing at my door . 
 `` yep . '' 
 `` can i see it ? '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` just curious . '' 
 i should say no and lead him out before my parents get home , but it 's nice having him around . 
 it 's nice knowing i 'm not the only person feeling helpless . 
 james walks into my room and wanders around , looking though the pile of junk on my dresser , testing the softness of my bed . 
 when he sees me watching him , he smiles . 
 `` i know i 'm loathsome . 
 you do n't have to say it . '' 
 `` i 'll try not to . '' 
 he laughs then and gets up . 
 `` can i see the picture again ? '' 
 he asks . 
 i 'm leaning against the doorframe when i take the photo out of my jeans , and then james is right in front of me . 
 close . 
 he takes the picture from my hand , studying my face as he does . 
 my breath catches and i do n't say anything . 
 `` he looks like you , '' james murmurs , glancing again at the image . 
 `` we were related . '' 
 but my heart is n't into the sarcasm , and it just comes out sad . 
 james seems to notice . 
 `` i 'm sorry he 's gone , '' he whispers , examining me once again . 
 `` and i 'm sorry i do n't remember . '' 
 it breaks my heart to hear him say that . 
 i do n't even know if he and brady were that close , but the ache that i have tells me that they had to be . 
 without thinking , i lean forward and hug james , making him stagger backward against the other side of the doorway . 
 at first his hands are awkwardly at my hips as i rest my head on his chest . 
 his arms wrap around me protectively , the shock of his touch almost jarring in its comfort . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' i say suddenly , and straighten up . 
 i back away , not sure there is anything i can tell him to make the impromptu affection less awkward . 
 but james grabs my wrists and pulls me to him again , this time hugging me tightly like he 's the one who needs it . 
 we stand like that , his heart pounding against mine . 
 james rests his hand under my hair at the back of my neck . 
 `` i like this , '' he says . 
 `` and it 's weird because we do n't really know each other , but ... '' he trails off and i do n't try to fill in the words for him because i know what he means . 
 me and him , together like this . 
 it 's the strangest feeling , full of things i do n't understand , both comfort and agony . 
 but the one thing i am sure of is that i feel is safe . 
 `` james , '' i say . 
 `` sloane . '' 
 `` i think we 've done this before . '' 
 i 'm so certain , and yet , i 'm not sure what to think about it . 
 how can i feel so close to someone i do n't know ? 
 a long silence passes and then james moves me back , his hand still on my neck . 
 `` i should go , '' he says . 
 `` i 'll ... i 'll talk to you tomorrow . '' 
 his face is a mask of uncertainty , and i wish i had n't said anything , had n't insinuated that we 'd been more than friends . 
 he looks completely freaked out . 
 `` i 'm sorry - '' i start to say , but he shakes his head . 
 `` you have absolutely nothing to be sorry about , '' he answers , sounding kind . 
 polite . 
 he turns then , walking out into the hall , and all i can do is follow him . 
 my eyes are stinging with the start of tears . 
 i do n't want him to leave . 
 when he gets to the back door , he pauses , holding it open , but not looking back . 
 `` i really am sorry about your brother , sloane , '' he says . 
 and i do n't have time to answer before he leaves me standing alone in my kitchen . 
 chapter nine i lie in my bed , the purple ring on my finger . 
 why would i save something like this ? 
 it 's just a cheap plastic ring . 
 i bring my hand closer , praying for some clarity . 
 but it does n't come . 
 turning on my side , i examine the picture again . 
 it makes my heart ache to see how happy brady looks , and to know i 'll never see that expression again . 
 and next to him is james , just as carefree . 
 i 'm confused and hurt by how james treated me today . 
 i do n't understand if i said something wrong , pushed him too far . 
 i thought he was having the same feelings , but i guess not . 
 i ca n't wrap my brain around his behavior , and more than that , i feel rejected . 
 i 'm just looking for what i lost . 
 i avoid james when i go back to school , which is just as well since kevin seems to be constantly at my side . 
 i half expect to find him in the bathroom with me when i brush my teeth at night . 
 but when i hit week two of recovery , he pulls me aside in the hallway after math class . 
 `` here , '' he says , handing me a small piece of paper . 
 i look down at the address on it , and then at him . 
 `` michael will be waiting for you . '' 
 kevin nods toward the paper . 
 `` but sloane , '' he says cautiously , `` they 've pulled me off your case . 
 i 'm not sure if you 'll get a new handler or ... what is going on . 
 that 's why i 'm giving you michael 's contact info . '' 
 he exhales then , as if he 's truly sad to leave me here . 
 and although i 'm glad to not have him watching me anymore , i hope they do n't give me another handler . 
 `` be careful , '' kevin whispers as he backs away , watching me until he turns to leave . 
 i wait a beat . 
 kevin seemed nervous about something , but realm will know what 's going on . 
 he always seems to know everything . 
 `` sloane ? '' 
 i 'm staring blankly into my locker when he says my name . 
 james is next to me , and i immediately roll my eyes . 
 `` go away , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm not in the mood for your hot and cold affection today . '' 
 `` you 're saying you want my affection ? '' 
 he grins , but i do n't return it . 
 `` look , '' i tell him . 
 `` just because i said that i thought we 'd '' - i lower my voice - `` comforted each other before , does n't mean i was propositioning you . 
 you did n't have to run off and make me feel stupid like that . '' 
 his smile fades . 
 `` i know . '' 
 i wait , but he does n't expand . 
 `` you know ? 
 wow , thanks for the apology . 
 nice talking with you , james . '' 
 i move to walk away , but he reaches out to take my elbow . 
 `` wait , '' he says quietly . 
 `` do n't be mad . 
 i have my reasons . '' 
 `` and you do n't care to share them ? '' 
 `` not really . 
 but maybe i 'm not as tough as you think . '' 
 i 'd say he was repeating some cheesy line he 'd heard in a movie except for the fact that he looks miserable when he says it . 
 i gently take my arm from his grasp before people notice . 
 `` so what do you want now ? '' 
 i ask him seriously . 
 `` i wish i knew , sloane . 
 but i am interested in finding out more about your brother . 
 about ... you . 
 i mean , we could have all been friends . '' 
 i nod . 
 `` you looked pretty happy in the picture . '' 
 `` i just wish we could get our memories back . '' 
 it occurs to me then that realm might know what to do . 
 he 's always been one step ahead , always known more about the program than anybody . 
 `` there is someone , '' i say . 
 `` he was my friend in the program , and he 's really smart . 
 he might know what to do . '' 
 james looks me over as if trying to decipher some secret code , but then he shrugs . 
 `` okay , who is he ? '' 
 `` his name is realm , and i have his address . 
 i 'm going to show up and see if he can help . '' 
 `` sounds like a terrible plan . '' 
 `` got a better one ? '' 
 james laughs . 
 `` sloane , i never have a plan . 
 tell you what , how about you sneak out of your house tonight and meet me on the corner of barron and elm . 
 i 'll drive you to your boyfriend 's house . '' 
 realm 's not my boyfriend , but i decide not to deny or acknowledge it . 
 i agree to meet james at the corner at six , but i can see the uncertainty in his eyes , as if he 's still trying to figure out who realm is to me . 
 and i leave him like that , glad to let him wonder about me for once . 
 the house is set back from the street , hidden down a long gravel driveway behind large trees . 
 as we pull up , the rocks crunch under the tires , and i take in how isolated it looks . 
 a small wood-shingled house surrounded by a forest , a few dead flowers in the beds . 
 `` you sure you know this guy ? '' 
 james asks . 
 `` this looks like a place where unsuspecting teenagers come to have sex and get murdered . '' 
 i laugh and look sideways at him . 
 `` do n't embarrass me in front of my friend . 
 realm 's a good guy . '' 
 `` was he more than a friend ? 
 not that it 's any of my business . '' 
 he lowers his eyes . 
 a sudden rush of guilt spreads over me . 
 `` no , it 's okay to ask . 
 he , um ... it was complicated , i guess . '' 
 james does n't say anything but i can feel a heavy silence fill the car . 
 not sure what else to do , i open the door and get out , waiting for james to follow me up to the house . 
 on the front porch , i 'm overwhelmed with nervousness and excitement . 
 i 'm about to see realm again . 
 it 's been over a month . 
 will he look different ? 
 i know i do . 
 the door opens just a crack as he peers out , reminding me of how he would do that in the program when we were sneaking around . 
 my smile spreads , and then the door flies open and realm steps forward , swinging me into a big hug before i can even get a look at him . 
 `` hey , sweetness , '' he says , crushing me against him . 
 `` i ca n't believe you 're here . '' 
 realm smells good , not like detergent and soap , but of clean skin . 
 a hint of cologne . 
 i pull back to look at him . 
 his hair is shorter , his complexion less ghostly . 
 it 's then that he notices james leaning against the porch railing . 
 `` oh , hi , '' realm says , sounding surprised . 
 he offers his hand and james takes it . 
 `` michael realm , '' realm says . 
 `` james murphy . '' 
 the smile abruptly falls from realm 's face , and i see the color that was just there drain away . 
 `` nice to meet you , '' he practically whispers , and takes a step back . 
 he shoots a dark look at me . 
 `` come in . '' 
 he pushes the door open and motions for us to enter . 
 james thanks him , and i ca n't help but see the small bit of satisfaction in his expression at realm 's discomfort . 
 we stand around the entry as realm follows us in and then bolts the door . 
 the house is more like a cabin with exposed wooden beams and a rustic decor . 
 it does n't strike me as something realm would be into , but then i do n't really know what he was like before the program . 
 neither does he . 
 `` so how 've you been , sloane ? '' 
 he asks , checking me over . 
 `` weird , '' i say . 
 `` everything has been a little weird for me . 
 you ? '' 
 `` oh , i 'm just peachy . '' 
 realm leads us into the living room , and i sit on the couch while james takes a chair near the fireplace . 
 realm collapses next to me , wrapping me in a hug once again . 
 `` god , i 've missed you , '' he says . 
 `` and i like the hair . '' 
 `` you said not to change it . '' 
 `` well , i was wrong . 
 you look great . 
 healthy , too . '' 
 he glances at james , who is pretending to be fascinated by a painting of eagles on the wall . 
 `` so , '' realm says , dropping his arms in front of him and settling into the cushions . 
 `` how do you two know each other ? '' 
 `` we 're not dating , if that 's what you 're really asking , '' james says evenly . 
 realm smiles . 
 `` i 'm not asking that . '' 
 james nods . 
 `` fair enough . '' 
 there 's a small sting to my self-esteem as james quickly dismisses our relationship , but i ignore it and touch realm 's arm to draw his attention . 
 `` we 're here because i need your help , '' i say . 
 `` i 'd do anything for you . '' 
 at that second , an odd sensation comes over me and i pause , trying to place it . 
 it 's not romantic , almost cautious ... but it 's gone before i can finish the thought . 
 like an emotional deja vu . 
 i reach into my back pocket and take out the picture , giving it to realm . 
 when he sees it he sucks in a harsh breath . 
 `` where did you get this ? '' 
 he asks immediately . 
 `` i found it . 
 it was strange . 
 i was home , and then all of a sudden i had this flash of a memory , a memory from before . 
 i saw myself putting this picture into a slit in my mattress . 
 that 's my brother , '' i say , pointing to brady 's face . 
 `` and that 's him . '' 
 i jerk my thumb over my shoulder and hear james chuckle . 
 realm 's jaw is tightly clenched , and he hands me back the photo . 
 `` and what are you asking me ? '' 
 his voice is cold . 
 `` i do n't remember her brother , '' james interrupts . 
 `` i want to know how to get my memories back . '' 
 realm eyes him . 
 `` you ca n't . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you , '' james says , as if sensing something in realm 's voice . 
 james had said that he did n't think we could get our memories back , but he must have changed his mind . 
 `` realm , '' i say , trying to diffuse the tension building between him and james . 
 `` you told me in the program that if i needed you , you 'd help me . 
 what did you mean ? 
 how did i have that memory ? '' 
 realm intertwines his fingers with mine as he stares down at them , his hand cool . 
 `` remember roger ? '' 
 my stomach twists at the name . 
 although it 's foggy , i do remember the creepy handler . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` the purple pill ? '' 
 i pause . 
 there 's the hint of a memory , an overpowering taste of peppermint . 
 i shiver , my thoughts jumbled as if they 've been manipulated somehow . 
 but there had been a pill , and i took it . 
 `` he said i could save a memory , '' i murmur . 
 `` wait , '' james speaks up . 
 `` you got to save a memory ? 
 how did that work ? '' 
 `` later , '' i tell him . 
 he scoffs , looking like he 's about to walk out . 
 `` i told you then , sloane . '' 
 realm takes his hand from mine . 
 `` the memory would show up out of context , confusing you more . 
 you should n't have taken it . '' 
 `` well , i did . 
 now how do i get more ? '' 
 realm 's brown eyes look at me sadly . 
 `` you really ca n't . 
 the memories are gone . 
 permanently . '' 
 `` but i want to know who i was , '' i say . 
 `` i want to know what happened to brady . 
 what happened to me . '' 
 `` you should just move on . 
 start over . 
 it 's the best - '' `` what is your deal ? '' 
 james calls out . 
 `` do you work for the program or something ? 
 who would tell someone to forget their past ? 
 we want to know , shithead . 
 i want to know how i knew her brother . '' 
 realm shakes his head but does n't lose his cool . 
 instead he gets up and walks to the fridge to grab a beer . 
 he does n't offer us one . 
 after a long sip , he stares at james . 
 `` you 're kind of a dick , '' realms says . 
 james shrugs . 
 `` tell me something i do n't know . 
 and besides , you 're really not all that different from us , are you ? 
 you 've got a real pretty scar on your neck . 
 do you remember how you got it ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to . '' 
 `` would n't you want to know so that you do n't make the same mistakes again ? '' 
 realm laughs , sounding bitter . 
 `` that 's the great thing , james murphy . 
 some mistakes are destined to repeat themselves . '' 
 he looks at me then , and then takes another long sip of beer . 
 `` right , sloane ? '' 
 i 'm completely thrown off by realm 's behavior . 
 `` i have no idea what you 're talking about , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm here to find out about my brother , about my past . 
 and i do n't know why you 're acting like this . 
 you sent kevin to watch over me . 
 you offered to help . '' 
 `` to help you move on , '' he says softly , his eyes weak . 
 `` not ... this . '' 
 `` ah , '' james says from the fireplace . 
 `` now it makes sense . 
 sloane , let 's go . 
 he 's not interested in helping . 
 he just wanted to get in your pants . '' 
 `` why do n't you just leave ? '' 
 realm snaps . 
 `` i do n't recall inviting you . '' 
 james grins . 
 `` maybe you did and do n't remember . '' 
 realm seems to tire of the back and forth with james , and finishes his beer before leaning against the counter and rubbing hard at his face . 
 i can see that something is tearing him up . 
 something beyond james and me . 
 `` you know , do n't you ? '' 
 i say , suddenly sure . 
 i cross the room to stop in front of him . 
 `` you know something about my past . '' 
 he grabs another beer out of the fridge , starting in on it before leveling his stare on mine . 
 `` maybe . 
 but i wish i did n't . 
 i do n't want to hurt you . '' 
 `` dude , '' james says likes he 's ready to fight . 
 `` i swear - '' realm reaches out then , running his fingers lovingly through my hair . 
 his look is far away , and i 'm suddenly embarrassed , like we 're sharing an intimate moment . 
 realm and i were never together . 
 not like that . 
 but the familiarity of his movement shuts james up . 
 `` you talked in the program , '' realm says . 
 `` we would talk about our lives sometimes when we were in bed . '' 
 it 's like a slap in the face , the way realm makes it sound like there was something going on between us . 
 the coldness with which he says it . 
 `` and you said i 'm a dick ? '' 
 james asks , laughing . 
 `` not really an appropriate topic for company , do you think , michael ? '' 
 `` it 's realm . '' 
 `` yeah , well . 
 i 'll call you what i want . 
 and i think you should apologize because sloane does n't strike me as the kiss-and-tell type . '' 
 he straightens . 
 `` or maybe i should just beat your ass right now . '' 
 `` no , '' i say , swallowing hard . 
 `` i do n't want any fighting . '' 
 i look at james . 
 `` it 's fine . 
 i promise it 's fine . '' 
 james nods and sits back down , his arms crossed over his chest . 
 `` i did n't mean that , '' realm says . 
 `` and we were n't sleeping together , '' he tosses to james , although it 's obvious that he does n't want to clear that part up . 
 `` we were ... just friends . '' 
 `` who share a bed , '' james mutters . 
 `` i 'm sure . '' 
 `` realm , '' i say , ignoring james 's comment . 
 `` what did i tell you ? 
 and how do you remember ? 
 i do n't recall anything personal about anybody . '' 
 realm leans against the counter and drains at least half of his beer as i wait . 
 `` you have to understand something , sweetness . 
 your head '' - he taps lightly at my temple - `` is a very delicate place right now . 
 the pieces were fit back together like fine china . 
 one crack , like that picture , can shatter the whole thing . 
 i do n't want to hurt you . 
 i really do n't . 
 if we just give it some time ... '' i lean into him , putting my hands on his chest as i stare up at him . 
 `` please . '' 
 realm looks defeated , and finally nods . 
 `` your brother did n't die in a rafting accident , sloane . 
 that was something the program made up . 
 brady killed himself . 
 and you-both you and his best friend , james-were there when he did . '' 
 i gasp , brady 's image filling my mind . 
 `` no , '' i say , staggering back . 
 `` my brother did n't ... my parents said it was an accident . 
 why would they lie ? 
 why would ... ? '' 
 i feel like i might hyperventilate , and then there 's an arm over my shoulder . 
 james walks me to the couch , helping me sit down . 
 `` no , '' i say again . 
 the room is quiet for a while as i try to gather myself . 
 i search my memory , looking for anything about brady that could have led to this . 
 but all i can see is my brother happy and smiling . 
 what could have happened to him ? 
 james uses his thumbs to swipe under my eyes . 
 `` it 's going to be okay , sloane , '' he says firmly . 
 and the way he says it , so absolute , fills me with a sort of security . 
 i turn back to realm . 
 `` you should n't have kept that from me , '' i tell him , feeling betrayed . 
 realm sets his empty bottle on the counter , looking at the fridge like he means to get another . 
 `` this can make you sick again . 
 i 'm risking your life telling you this and ... god . 
 what am i doing ? 
 it 's too soon . 
 please , sloane , this does n't change anything . 
 you have to move on . 
 you 're safe . 
 i need you to be safe . '' 
 i feel james tense next to me . 
 `` what else ? '' 
 i ask , my voice barely a whisper . 
 `` what else do you know , realm ? 
 you have to tell me . '' 
 realm stares at me , his face pained . 
 and then he shakes his head . 
 `` that 's all i have . 
 i 'm sorry . '' 
 `` realm - '' `` i think you should go now . '' 
 he pushes away from the counter and strides over to the door . 
 he unlocks it and pulls it open , not looking back at us . 
 `` what ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` no , you - '' `` sloane . '' 
 his tone is final as he glances at me . 
 `` i want you to leave . '' 
 `` this is bullshit , '' james says , getting up . 
 he takes my hand . 
 i watch realm 's eyes flash as james holds my fingers in his , but he looks away . 
 knowing i ca n't leave like this , i pull my hand from james 's . 
 `` i 'll meet you outside in a sec , '' i say . 
 james narrows his blue gaze on mine , a look so full of suspicion that i almost step away from it . 
 then he nods and leaves , shoulder-bumping realm on the way . 
 realm laughs bitterly . 
 `` lovely meeting you , mr. murphy . '' 
 when we 're alone , i walk over to realm . 
 he stares at me , his jaw set in a challenge , but his eyes are almost desperate . 
 and suddenly , i hug him . 
 he chokes out what sounds like a cry as he holds me tight to him . 
 `` i 've missed you so much , '' he whispers . 
 `` i 've tried to keep you safe , sloane . 
 and then i 'm the one who hurt you . 
 i should n't have told you about brady . '' 
 i pull back . 
 `` i want to know all of it , '' i say . 
 `` you have to tell me everything . 
 i do n't understand why my brother would kill himself . '' 
 the tears threaten to come again , and realm puts his palm on my cheek . 
 `` he was just sick . 
 it was n't your fault . '' 
 `` then why did they take the memory ? '' 
 realm closes his eyes . 
 `` i ca n't talk about this right now , sweetness . 
 i 've messed up huge . 
 i need ... i need to think . 
 you should n't have found that picture . '' 
 `` yes , '' i tell him . 
 `` i should have . '' 
 `` i want you to be happy , '' he says . 
 `` i swear it 's all i want . '' 
 he throws a cautious glance toward the car where james has his head against the steering wheel as if he 's tired of waiting . 
 realm exhales . 
 `` you should go for now , okay ? '' 
 then he leans forward and kisses my cheek , pausing there for a long moment . 
 `` what if i do n't want to go ? '' 
 i ask , hoping he 'll tell me more about my brother , my past . 
 realm seems to consider my question . 
 `` there are so many things you ca n't understand right now , '' he says . 
 `` but i need you to know that all i 've ever wanted was for you to get better . 
 do you believe that ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i do . '' 
 `` i just ... i love you , '' he whispers , not able to look at me . 
 `` i know . '' 
 and i do n't have anything else to say back . 
 right now i 'm completely grief-stricken , feeling like i 've just lost brady , even though he 's been gone for years . 
 but here 's realm , so ready to love me . 
 take care of me . 
 fill up the empty spaces in my heart . 
 i get on my tiptoes and press my lips firmly to his . 
 realm responds immediately , surprising me by backing me against the wall , his tongue eagerly finding mine as if he 's been waiting to do this since i got here . 
 my heart pounds , but the emotion is guilt , as if i 'm being completely unfair . 
 to him . 
 to myself . 
 i turn away then , breaking the kiss to hug him instead . 
 realm lets out a soft laugh , clinging to me tightly . 
 `` you do n't love me back , '' he says . 
 `` not like that . 
 but maybe - '' `` maybe someday ? '' 
 he finishes for me . 
 realm looks tired . 
 maybe a little buzzed . 
 `` you should go , '' he says again , and walks me onto the porch , keeping his eyes trained on the floorboards there . 
 then , without another word , he goes back into the house and bolts his door shut . 
 i stand there , still stunned by the revelation about my brother . 
 i look at the car , and james is watching me . 
 he nods his chin as if asking if i 'm okay , but i do n't respond . 
 i 'm not okay . 
 i 'm so not okay . 
 chapter ten we 're halfway back to town , passing darkened fields , when james looks sideways at me . 
 `` that was some kiss , '' he says . 
 a blush rises on my cheeks . 
 `` i was saying good-bye . '' 
 `` with your tongue . '' 
 `` what do you care ? '' 
 i ask , ashamed that he saw , even though i 'm not entirely sure why . 
 `` you could n't even stand to hug me in my room that day . '' 
 `` i took that hug like a trooper , '' he says with a smirk . 
 `` and i do n't care who you make out with . 
 i just think he 's hiding something , so i 'm surprised you 'd be so naive . 
 thought you were smarter than that . '' 
 `` and i thought you were n't going to be obnoxious . '' 
 `` never said i would n't be obnoxious , '' james says . 
 `` i try not to make promises i ca n't keep . '' 
 we 're silent for a few miles , and i start thinking again about my brother . 
 brady had an accident-that 's what my mother told me . 
 she said he 'd been rafting , but she never said i was there . 
 she never said he killed himself . 
 i sniffle , and it 's then that i realize i 'm crying . 
 `` hey , '' james says softly . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i do n't mean to be - '' `` it 's not you , '' i say , waving off his concern . 
 james glides the car to the side of the road and parks . 
 `` i 'm thinking about my brother , '' i tell him . 
 `` i do n't remember him dying . 
 but we were there , james . 
 me and you . 
 what if we helped him kill himself ? '' 
 `` maybe we did . '' 
 his voice is empty . 
 sad . 
 he looks away , as if he 's searching his own memories . 
 when he lowers his head , i know he 's found nothing . 
 we have nothing . 
 `` what if he said good-bye ? '' 
 i whisper . 
 `` what if he said good-bye and i do n't remember it ? '' 
 something inside of me breaks then , and i start to sob , picturing brady 's smile , hearing his laugh . 
 we were so close . 
 how long had he been sick ? 
 and how could i not have noticed ? 
 james puts his hand on my shoulder , and i lean into him . 
 he 's stiff at first but then rearranges himself in the seat to let me rest against his chest . 
 `` you know , '' he says softly , brushing back my hair as he talks , `` i ca n't remember what happened to my mother . 
 i know that one day she was there , and then she was gone . 
 i do n't know if my parents fought , if she had a reason for leaving . 
 when i asked my father , he told me that she had moved away for a job and then decided to stay . 
 but that we were fine on our own . '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` ten bucks says his hand is bullshit . '' 
 i stop and wipe at my face , sitting up , but staying close to him . 
 he looks at me wide-eyed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` we played bullshit in the program . 
 did you ? '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` uh , no . 
 i was in isolation most of the time , or at least , that 's what they told me . 
 seriously ? 
 you got to play cards ? '' 
 `` james , '' i say . 
 `` i used to play bullshit all the time with my brother . '' 
 his face clouds over , and he reaches absently , tugging at a string hanging down from the bottom of my collared shirt . 
 `` really ? '' 
 i nod . 
 `` i bet ... i bet you played with us . '' 
 james does n't meet my eyes , but pulls slowly on the string , unraveling the hem as if he 's lost in a thought . 
 `` i ca n't remember who taught me , '' he says . 
 `` my brother did . '' 
 `` possibly . '' 
 when the string finally breaks , james seems startled by the now uneven hem of my shirt . 
 `` damn , i 'm sorry . '' 
 but when he looks up , i do n't respond . 
 i can feel the puffiness of my face , and i 'm sure that , up close , still half-leaning on him , i do n't look great . 
 but i 'm trying to find something in his eyes-a feeling that i can identify . 
 there are so many emotions raging inside of me : guilt , sadness , attraction . 
 `` why are you staring at me again ? '' 
 he asks , although this time he does n't sound like he 's teasing me . 
 `` realm said something to me before i left . '' 
 james rolls his eyes . 
 `` oh , yeah ? 
 what was that ? '' 
 `` he said ... '' i pause , not sure i should even tell him . 
 but it seems wrong to keep it from him . 
 to keep anything from him . 
 `` he said that he loved me , '' i say . 
 james lowers his head , twirling the piece of string around his finger . 
 `` and how do you feel ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` not the same . '' 
 `` probably should n't lead him on by kissing him then , huh ? '' 
 his tone is harsh , judgmental . 
 i 'm frozen for a second . 
 i 'd confided in him only to have him throw it back in my face . 
 i move away from james then , pulling my seat belt on and making it lock a few times in the process . 
 `` just forget it , '' i say . 
 `` you would n't understand . '' 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 he switches the car into gear . 
 `` i do n't understand . 
 and you do n't owe me an explanation . '' 
 `` thanks , '' i say bitterly . 
 `` glad you cleared that up . '' 
 we do n't speak again , and i wonder how james can confess to me about his mother , only to turn cold in the next second . 
 i wonder if he used to do this to brady when they were friends . 
 to me . 
 i wonder if it was always this difficult to be around him . 
 when i get home , i slip through the back door , hoping my parents did n't notice that i was gone for the last hour . 
 i can hear the sound of the tv in the living room as i climb the stairs , pausing at brady 's room . 
 i go inside and lie across my brother 's bed , staring up at the ceiling and hoping it will reveal secrets . 
 stolen memories . 
 `` what happened to you ? '' 
 i ask , meaning it for both my brother and for myself . 
 i 'd searched my room , hoping to find something else , but there was nothing there . 
 hardly any pictures outside of family ones . 
 there was no obituary for brady , cut out and laminated with a prayer on the back . 
 no newspaper article immortalized in a scrapbook . 
 i know better than to ask my mother , her lies seeming to mount . 
 i 'm not sure what happened to me and her , but i do n't trust her anymore . 
 she called kevin to report me . 
 i bet she had something to do with me getting sent to the program in the first place . 
 in my pocket , my cell phone vibrates , and i quickly take it out , hoping it 's realm , even though we did n't exchange numbers . 
 i pause when i see james 's name flashing on the screen . 
 i click it off and put the phone back in my pocket . 
 being around him is so confusing . 
 we share a past , but every time we get closer to finding out what it is , he backs away . 
 he hurts me . 
 i do n't think i can take any more hurt right now . 
 i curl up on my side , thinking things over , when a knock on the door startles me . 
 i look up to see my father . 
 `` hey , honey , '' he says . 
 `` i was just coming up to say good night , but you were n't in your room . 
 what are you doing in here ? '' 
 blinking quickly , i sit up . 
 `` i miss brady , '' i say , trying to gauge his reaction . 
 his face falters , his brown eyes weary as he rubs at them . 
 `` me too , '' he answers . 
 his khakis are wrinkled , and the faint smell of alcohol clings to him . 
 i wonder when he started drinking . 
 we 're quiet for a long moment , and i bite my lip , trying to decide if i should ask . 
 `` dad , '' i start , `` did brady commit suicide ? '' 
 my father takes in a harsh breath . 
 he does n't respond right away as he lowers himself onto the bed next to me . 
 and then , to my absolute horror , he covers his eyes with his hand ; his shoulders are shaking . 
 `` yes , '' he chokes out . 
 `` brady killed himself . '' 
 my body stills as my emotions click together , even though there are no memories attached . 
 but it 's like my feelings-my grief-finally make sense . 
 as my father tries to pull himself together , i try not to fall apart . 
 realm told me the truth . 
 what else does he know ? 
 `` and what about us ? '' 
 i ask my father . 
 `` were we okay after ? 
 me , you , and mom ? '' 
 my dad looks at me , his dark eyes unfocused and red-rimmed . 
 `` no , sweetheart , '' he whispers . 
 `` we really were n't . '' 
 i nod , knowing somewhere inside that it 's true . 
 that this idea of our family moving on so easily after losing brady was absurd . 
 `` i hate that i ca n't remember what happened to him , '' i say . 
 `` why ? '' 
 he asks seriously . 
 `` it 's a gift . 
 i would give anything to take away the pain . 
 the time when he was sick ... that was n't the real brady . 
 not the real us . 
 we 've gotten the chance to reset , sloane . 
 we 've gotten the chance to be happy again . '' 
 `` dad , '' i say softly , tears beginning to stream from my eyes . 
 `` none of us are happy . '' 
 he does n't deny it , does n't even try to pretend that our family is pulling through . 
 instead , he stands up , touching the top of my head as he leaves the room . 
 when he 's gone , i curl up on the bed with my misery , alone and heartbroken . 
 i want to know what happened to my brother , and i want to know what i used to be like . 
 but most of all , i just want to be happy . 
 after a short pity party , i go back to my room and find lacey 's number where she scribbled it into my notebook . 
 a headache has begun pulsing in my head , so i take a large dose of advil before picking up my phone . 
 lacey is grinning from ear to ear when she pulls up to the corner at nine . 
 `` you 're becoming such a rebel , '' she says , as i climb into her neon-green bug . 
 fast-food bags are crumpled at my feet , all of the drink holders full . 
 lacey 's wearing a plain , yellow blouse , but her makeup is dramatic-very nonreturner-like . 
 it 's awesome . 
 `` are you sure you want to go to the wellness center ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` i thought you hated that place . '' 
 `` i do , '' i say . 
 `` but my handler is gone , and no one 's watching me anymore . 
 maybe i 'll enjoy the experience this time . '' 
 `` sloane , '' lacey says in low voice . 
 `` they 're always watching . 
 never forget that . '' 
 after a long pause , lacey turns on the radio , filling the car with a pop song about love , its lyrics sickeningly sweet . 
 i have to clasp my hands in front of me to stop from shutting it off and telling her all about james , about my brother . 
 but i do n't want to depress her . 
 in my pocket , my phone buzzes with another text message , but i reach to turn up the volume of the radio instead of checking it . 
 the wellness center is crowded when we walk in . 
 with the popularity of the program growing worldwide , there has been a new push for assimilation-i saw it on mtv . 
 handlers line the walls , but between them , people are laughing , playing games . 
 there 's a new section with computer stations ; a group of guys are crowded around one of them . 
 they 're all dressed in preppy clothes , and i glance down at myself and see that we match . 
 it 's like the uniform of the returners . 
 i unbutton my shirt to the line of my bra , and then follow behind lacey as she makes her way to the couch . 
 i ca n't believe i came back here , especially after vowing not to . 
 but i needed to get out of my house , and this is the only place where people my age hang out anymore . 
 at least , the only place where people like me , who have no other friends , hang out . 
 lacey collapses into the cushions , scanning the room as if looking for someone . 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 i ask , nudging her with my elbow . 
 she widens her eyes innocently . 
 `` no idea what you mean . 
 i swear i 'm not searching for the guy who promised he 'd be here tonight . '' 
 `` oh , '' i say , smiling . 
 `` so i finally get to meet your mystery boyfriend ? '' 
 lacey turns to me . 
 `` i think it 's about time . '' 
 her expression is more serious than i expect , but before i can ask for more details , i catch a black shirt out of the corner of my eye , the color shocking within this room . 
 it 's liam . 
 `` i 'll be right back , '' i say quickly , jumping up . 
 liam weaves through the crowd before slipping out the door to the back patio . 
 when i get outside , the night air is crisp around me . 
 liam 's facing away as he stands at the railing , looking toward the parking lot . 
 we 're alone out here , but i want to ask him about that first night i came back . 
 how he knew me and james . 
 `` hey , '' i say , drawing his attention . 
 when he turns , i 'm startled . 
 dark circles ring his eyes , and his hair is matted . 
 unwashed . 
 it strikes me then that he 's sick . 
 oh , god . 
 he 's sick . 
 `` sloane . '' 
 his mouth pulls into a sneer , anger and hatred painting his features . 
 `` did they send you to collect me ? 
 are they recruiting returners now ? '' 
 my heart begins to thud in my chest , the idea that liam 's dangerous backing me slowly toward the door . 
 `` no one sent me , '' i say . 
 `` i just wanted to ask you something , but never mind . 
 it 's not that important . '' 
 liam lunges , his shoulder banging against the door to stop me from opening it . 
 i gasp and step back . 
 `` i 'd love to hear your question , '' he says , his eyes wild and unfocused . 
 `` i just want to go inside , '' i say softly . 
 `` move and i wo n't - '' `` wo n't what ? 
 report me ? 
 of course you will . '' 
 he 's right . 
 i will report him the first chance i get . 
 he 's infected . 
 he can infect others . 
 `` let me through , liam , '' i say . 
 he stares at me , and then leans closer as if whispering a secret . 
 `` do you remember me ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` i remember you calling me a freak . '' 
 he smiles . 
 `` before that . '' 
 there 's a twist in my gut . 
 `` no . '' 
 just then the handle of the door turns , but liam keeps his weight on it , preventing it from opening . 
 i think about calling for help , or running , but at the same time , i do n't want to draw that kind of attention to myself . 
 `` we dated , '' he says , a bit of satisfaction in his voice . 
 `` nothing serious , but they took that memory anyway . 
 what else did they take ? 
 do n't you see what you are ? 
 you 're empty . 
 you 're nothing . 
 and i 'd rather be dead than be like you . '' 
 my lip begins to quiver as i 'm filled with shame and humiliation , but mostly anger . 
 i reach out to push him , only succeeding in making him stagger a step . 
 he laughs , and then coughs , bringing his hand to his mouth . 
 when he pulls it away , there 's blood smeared across his fingers . 
 `` what 's wrong with you ? '' 
 i ask , stepping back . 
 `` quikdeath , '' he says . 
 `` because there 's no point . 
 we 'll never be free of the program , and even when we are , who 's to say they do n't change the rules ? 
 that they do n't come after us as adults ? 
 my cousin ? '' 
 liam says , tears beginning to gather in his eyes . 
 `` he killed himself yesterday . 
 he was twenty-one , sloane . 
 that means the epidemic is evolving . '' 
 `` or maybe he just committed suicide , '' i say , my stomach in knots . 
 fists pound on the other side of the door , shaking it . 
 liam coughs again , spitting blood onto the patio . 
 red streaks his lips . 
 he 's going to die . 
 he 's going to die if i do nothing to stop it . 
 i reach to take out my phone , but liam slaps it from my hand , sending it across the wooden planks . 
 his eyes momentarily roll back in his head before he focuses on me again . 
 his body convulses . 
 and then he collapses against the door , sliding to the ground , his eyes locked on mine . 
 `` you 're no one , '' he whispers before he goes still altogether . 
 i pause only a second , my breaths coming out in quick gasps like i might hyperventilate . 
 the door shakes again , and i decide that i ca n't be here when they find him . 
 i ca n't be involved in this . 
 so i run , grabbing my phone on the way , and scramble down the stairs into the parking lot of the wellness center . 
 i text lacey and tell her that i 'm at the car . 
 we have to leave . 
 now . 
 as i wait there , hiding , people flood the patio . 
 handlers move people aside , the wellness staff clearly horrified that someone would commit suicide in such a safe place . 
 i block out all the things that liam told me . 
 i block out his theories . 
 because an ache in my forehead is pulsing , worse than it was earlier . 
 when lacey reaches me , she looks frazzled . 
 she does n't say a word as we speed away , leaving the wellness center behind us . 
 when we 're a safe distance away , she finally turns to me . 
 `` who was it ? '' 
 she asks . 
 `` who terminated ? '' 
 her face is pale with fear . 
 `` liam . '' 
 her eyes widen . 
 then she turns back to the road , pressing her lips together . 
 `` did you see it ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` you were smart to get out of there . 
 things are getting crazy . 
 you feel it too , right ? '' 
 and i do . 
 but i 'm not sure i can handle any more talk of the epidemic tonight , not when my head is killing me . 
 `` yes , but i have to get home , '' i say . 
 `` i do n't want my parents to worry . '' 
 but really , i have something else in mind . 
 i need to talk about tonight , both about my dad and about liam . 
 i need to talk to someone who 'll understand . 
 i need james . 
 `` your parents ? '' 
 lacey sounds surprised . 
 then she tightens her grip on the steering wheel . 
 `` maybe you 're not as rebellious as i thought . '' 
 she pulls up to the corner before my house . 
 `` better get out here , '' she says . 
 `` would n't want my car to give you away . '' 
 her voice is tense , and i think she 's shaken by the suicide . 
 i just hope it 's not enough to make her sick again . 
 to make any of us sick . 
 chapter eleven later that night , as my parents sleep , i take a massive amount of advil , get into my mother 's car , and drive to see james . 
 at the curb , i exhale and gaze at his large white house , wondering where his room is . 
 i want to tell him that my father confirmed that brady killed himself . 
 and i want to tell him about what liam said about the epidemic , and how i had to watch him die from quikdeath . 
 in my hand , my phone vibrates . 
 i hope my parents have n't realized that i 'm missing . 
 i check the screen . 
 why are you sitting outside of my house , stalker ? 
 i close my eyes . 
 i 'm just about to shove my phone back into my pocket and peel out , when it vibrates again . 
 i should n't even read it . 
 stay there . 
 yeah , right . 
 i ca n't face him now . 
 i turn the ignition , but a figure streaks across the lawn toward my car . 
 i swear under my breath and wait . 
 a second later the door opens , flooding me with uncomfortable light as james gets in . 
 when we 're immersed in dark again , i feel him staring at me . 
 `` well ? '' 
 he asks . 
 my heart races in my chest . 
 i 'm worried that he does n't care about what i have to say . 
 i should n't be here . 
 `` forget it , '' i tell him , sounding exhausted . 
 `` this is dumb . '' 
 `` where were you tonight ? 
 i texted . '' 
 i meet his eyes . 
 `` i know . 
 i went to the wellness center with lacey . 
 and something ... happened . '' 
 his shoulders tense , and i go on . 
 `` that guy liam ? 
 he killed himself . 
 he took quikdeath , but not before saying that he and i used to date , calling me empty for not remembering . 
 he said that his cousin committed suicide yesterday at the age of twenty-one . 
 liam says the epidemic is evolving - '' `` you saw liam die ? '' 
 james asks , ignoring the rest . 
 i nod . 
 `` and i talked to my dad earlier , '' i say . 
 `` he 's drinking ; he and my mother are fighting . 
 everything 's falling apart at home , but i finally asked him about my brother . '' 
 tears trickle over my cheeks . 
 `` realm was telling the truth . 
 brady did kill himself . '' 
 i 'm consumed with grief , absolutely consumed . 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' james says . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` and i do n't even know why i 'm telling you all this . 
 you made it pretty clear that you 're not interested in finding out about the past . 
 i - '' `` no , '' james says coolly . 
 `` i 'm not interested in your love life . 
 i am , however , interested in finding out what happened to your brother , and how i fit into it . '' 
 my face stings , and i turn fiercely toward him . 
 `` why do you do that ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` why do you say things that you know will hurt my feelings ? '' 
 he flinches , but then fixes me with an annoyed look . 
 `` hurt your feelings ? 
 sloane , i 'm not your boyfriend . 
 i do n't even remember how we know each other . 
 so whatever fantasy you 've built up in your imagination , it 's not real . 
 things were n't pretty before the program , so let 's not start pretending they were . 
 do n't make this more complicated than it needs to be . '' 
 the pain in my head suddenly explodes , and i cry out , leaning forward against the steering wheel . 
 it 's as if a hammer has just been smashed into my forehead . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 james touches my shoulder , sounding scared . 
 `` just get out . '' 
 i close my eyes against the pain . 
 i 'm not sure what 's happening to me , but it 's intense . 
 when i can straighten , james is trying to talk , but i do n't listen . 
 `` get out of the goddamn car , james ! '' 
 he waits long enough for me to wonder if he will . 
 when the interior lights come on , i know he 's leaving . 
 the door slams , but i ca n't move for a minute , waiting for the pain in my head to pass . 
 it does n't . 
 and now a cracking sensation rips inside my chest . 
 your brain is like fine china . 
 i open my eyes , squinting as i look out the windshield . 
 i have to find realm . 
 something is wrong with me . 
 i think i 'm breaking . 
 it 's dark as i drive up realm 's long driveway , my headache finally resolving into a bearable throbbing . 
 it started raining the minute i pulled away from james 's house-a sign of things to come , i guess . 
 now the pattering on my windshield comes harder . 
 i hope realm 's home . 
 he has to be . 
 i knock impatiently on the door , soaked from the walk to his porch . 
 my shirt clings to me , and my pulse is loud in my ears as the headache continues , making me weak all over . 
 when i hear the locks click , i practically push my way in . 
 `` sloane ? '' 
 realm stands there , rubbing at his hair , wearing just pajama pants and a terrified expression . 
 `` what are you doing here ? 
 what 's wrong ? '' 
 `` i 'm falling apart , '' i tell him , sounding desperate . 
 `` i 'm completely falling apart . '' 
 `` sweetness . '' 
 realm hugs me , and i put my cheek against the warm skin of his chest . 
 `` sit down , '' he says , leading me to the couch . 
 outside , thunder booms in the sky , but realm 's living room is warm with the remains of a fire burning out . 
 he sits next to me as i continue to shake , my wet clothes uncomfortable . 
 `` what 's going on ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` headache , '' i say . 
 `` and pain in my chest as if my heart is being torn out . 
 it 's overwhelming . 
 i do n't think i can survive it . '' 
 `` shh ... , '' realm says . 
 `` of course you can . 
 you survived the program , did n't you ? '' 
 he pauses , letting out a harsh breath . 
 `` is this because of what i told you about brady ? 
 did i cause this ? '' 
 `` no . 
 it 's not your fault . 
 i asked my dad , and he confirmed that my brother killed himself . '' 
 i close my eyes , hating saying the words out loud . 
 `` and then i went to the wellness center , and this guy said i was nothing without my memories . '' 
 i look up to meet realm 's gaze . 
 `` am i nothing ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you 've just been cured . '' 
 cured . 
 there was a time when i felt lucky to have been spared from the epidemic . 
 but now it 's left me a bundled mess , lost in my own life . 
 `` that guy from the center , '' i say . 
 `` he died in front of me tonight-quikdeath . 
 afterward i went to tell james , but he was so cruel . 
 distant . 
 and i do n't know why , but it crushes me , the way james acts sometimes . '' 
 i pause . 
 `` that 's when the headache got worse , and the pain in my chest started . 
 god , realm . 
 it 's like i 'm losing my mind . '' 
 realm stares into his lap , his brow furrowed as if he 's thinking . 
 when he does n't say anything , i take his hand . 
 `` why do i hurt so badly ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i have n't seen this in any other returners . 
 i think i need my memories back . '' 
 `` you do n't , '' he says . 
 `` sometimes it 's better not to know . '' 
 i look at his downcast dark eyes , his scarred neck . 
 i think about how he loves me , how he saved me in the program too many times to count . 
 my head pounds , my body aches , but i think that in this moment , maybe what i need is for someone to care about me . 
 so i lean forward and kiss him , ignoring the sharp guilt that attacks my conscience . 
 i push it away and let my mouth capture realm 's . 
 it takes a second for him to react , and then he 's kissing me , his hand around my waist as he pulls me onto his lap , peeling off my wet shirt . 
 i want to forget about everything . 
 i want to forget about james . 
 my chest fills again with jagged pain , but then realm rolls me off the couch , getting on top of me as we lie on the carpet . 
 he 's kissing my neck , his hands searching my body as i try to feel him . 
 feel what it would be like to be with him . 
 but i 'm a million miles away , and all i feel is lost and abandoned . 
 i 'm alone . 
 realm 's mouth stops at my ear , panting wildly . 
 i realize that i 'm on my back , staring at the ceiling as tears leak from the corners of my eyes . 
 realm 's hand slides away from my breast , and he turns me toward him . 
 `` you do n't want this , '' he says , sadness in his voice . 
 `` you still love him . '' 
 his words startle me , but i do n't argue . 
 he 's put a name to the emotion raging inside of me . 
 i know suddenly that i do love someone . 
 someone else . 
 realm tries to laugh it away , shaking his head . 
 `` god , '' he says . 
 `` he 's such a dick , too . '' 
 realm lies next to me , shoulder to shoulder , as we both gaze up at the wooden-beamed ceiling . 
 `` it 's james , is n't it ? '' 
 i ask softly , not sure what to do now . 
 `` yep , '' realm answers . 
 `` you love him . 
 always have . 
 and not being with him is confusing . 
 you may not remember him , but your heart does . '' 
 realm turns his face toward me . 
 `` i wanted to be the one to make you happy , but you 'll always be his . '' 
 i swallow hard , not disbelieving it , but not understanding it either . 
 loneliness crawls over me . 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` that part of my life is over . 
 i do n't think he feels that way about me . 
 at least not anymore . '' 
 `` he does . '' 
 realm sighs . 
 `` he definitely does . '' 
 `` was it because of brady ? '' 
 i ask , thinking it 's the clear explanation . 
 `` is that why james was with me , because my brother died ? '' 
 `` no . 
 you loved each other . 
 i believe the word you used was ` madly . ' '' 
 he pauses . 
 `` you 've always loved each other . 
 you always will . '' 
 i lie next to realm , half-naked on his floor , as he tells me that i love someone else-something i ca n't remember , but something i can feel . 
 the frustration i came in with eases , although the headache is still there . 
 `` and my headache ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` your brain is repairing itself . 
 that one memory you had cracked the smooth sequence of events they placed in therapy . 
 your mind knows something is wrong . 
 now it 's slowly binding back together . 
 let 's just be glad it was one memory , and not all of them . '' 
 i look sideways at him , wondering if he truly believes that i 'm better this way . 
 `` why do n't you want me to remember everything ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` what could i have told you that was so awful that it 's worth living like this ? '' 
 realm smiles sadly . 
 `` some things are better left in the past . 
 for all our sakes . '' 
 tears run from his eyes then , and i think about what i 've done to him tonight , how i 've wronged him . 
 `` so if i have these feelings about james , where does it leave you ? '' 
 `` in love with a girl who loves another . 
 very shakespearean , if you ask me . '' 
 i lean into him , putting my hand over his heart and wishing i could care about him in the same way . 
 but even now , even when james is still so far away from me , i know that i ca n't love realm . 
 he 's not mine . 
 we settle in next to each other , the coals in the fireplace burning out . 
 `` the guy that died , '' i say quietly . 
 `` he said the epidemic is spreading to adults . '' 
 realm tenses . 
 `` what happens if that 's true ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` you should n't worry about things like this so soon after treatment , '' he says . 
 `` you should be focusing on recovery , listening to your handler when he warns you of - '' it occurs to me that i have n't told him about kevin . 
 `` realm , '' i say . 
 `` they pulled kevin off my recovery . '' 
 he looks over at me immediately . 
 `` when did that happen ? '' 
 `` yesterday . '' 
 realm swears under his breath but then apologizes . 
 `` do n't worry , '' he says . 
 `` i 'll check into it . 
 i 'm sure you 're just too damn healthy to need a handler or something . '' 
 he lies back , but i notice a crease between his eyebrows as he stares away . 
 i trust him to find out what happened . 
 i think then that i should get up , put my shirt on at least , but instead we stay like this for a long time , not saying anything else . 
 it 's nearly three a.m. when i get back out to the car , my headache little more than a dull throbbing now . 
 i 'd thought realm would ask me to stay the night , but then he reminded me that my parents would probably report it if they woke up to find me missing . 
 i did n't want to leave , though . 
 i liked the freedom of being off the grid , if even for a few hours . 
 no one watching me-dissecting my movements . 
 tomorrow i might have a new handler to face , or at the very least , i 'll have to face my parents . 
 i 'll have to face james . 
 just then my phone vibrates in my pocket , and i smile , thinking it 's realm , who would n't give me his number but took mine . 
 but when i look at the message , my heart skips a beat . 
 it 's james . 
 `` do n't read it , sloane , '' i tell myself , dropping it onto the passenger seat before turning up the radio . 
 i 'm finally feeling decent for the first time in a while , and i do n't need him screwing it up . 
 i make it through one light before picking the phone back up and checking it . 
 are you okay ? 
 for yes , for no . 
 idiot . 
 i ignore him , continuing to drive home , thinking about what realm said . 
 that sometimes it 's better not to know . 
 maybe i should believe him . 
 he has no reason to lie to me . 
 in my lap my phone buzzes with another message . 
 i 'm in front of your house . 
 come outside . 
 what is he doing at my house ? 
 i pull to the side of the road to type back a reply . 
 a bitchy one . 
 not home . 
 just leaving realm 's . 
 the minute i write it i want to take it back , the spike of guilt slamming me hard . 
 realm said that i 'd loved james . 
 not just that he was my boyfriend , but that i loved him `` madly . '' 
 i look at my phone , but it 's silent . 
 i hate myself right now . 
 on a romantic stormy night ? 
 i 'm sure that did n't give him the wrong idea . 
 i groan . 
 thought you did n't care ? 
 first he pushes me away , and then has the nerve to - i do n't . 
 night . 
 it 's like the bottom drops out , leaving me sick to my stomach . 
 but i know what it is now-the emotion . 
 should i tell james about our past ? 
 does he even deserve to know that we 'd had a relationship ? 
 i glance at the clock . 
 it 's late , and i decide to shut off my phone , blocking james out of my life . 
 i have to stay away from him . 
 he 's toxic to me . 
 and i do n't want to go back to the program . 
 i could never get through it again . 
 so i pull back out onto the wet streets and find my way home , sneaking in without my parents ever hearing a thing . 
 i 'm exhausted as i pull into sumpter 's parking lot before school . 
 there was no handler waiting on my porch when i left , so my mother let me borrow her car . 
 i thanked her , even though it took all my restraint to not call her out on her lies about my brother . 
 either way , i assume i 'm free from monitoring now-although i 've gotten no confirmation from realm or the program . 
 when i get out , james is standing next to his father 's car , texting on his phone . 
 mine vibrates in my pocket , but i do n't even look at it . 
 when i turned it on this morning , i had five missed messages . 
 but even now , i do n't read them and just go inside the school . 
 in the past day have you felt lonely or overwhelmed ? 
 no . 
 i scan the rest of the questions as i sit in first period and realize that i 'm going to have to lie on this entire questionnaire . 
 filling in the rest , i stop at the last question , taking a breath . 
 has anyone close to you ever committed suicide ? 
 yes . 
 my brother-maybe others , too . 
 but what do i fill in ? 
 the program does n't think i know . 
 they think they 've stolen the memories away . 
 i nearly break off the tip of my pencil filling in no . 
 `` are you ignoring me ? '' 
 james whispers as he walks past my desk in math class . 
 he does n't wait for me to respond as he goes to sit in his seat , but his tone is clear . 
 he 's annoyed . 
 well , he can go to hell because i 'm not taking the bait this time . 
 i stare down at my desk , pretending he did n't ask , and open my notebook . 
 the class drags on , and i hear someone clear their throat repeatedly from the back . 
 at one point , i sigh heavily and turn around to see james staring at me . 
 i roll my eyes and go back to my math problems . 
 my phone buzzes , and i think that i should n't look . 
 that i should n't give in to his tantrums . 
 discreetly , while the teacher is reading aloud from the textbook about a formula i ca n't quite remember , i check my phone . 
 you look nice today . 
 oh , and i 'm an asshole . 
 sorry . 
 i press my lips together , trying not to smile . 
 i will not let him make me smile . 
 not accepted . 
 way to take the high road , sloane . 
 did your tongue say good-bye to your friend again last night ? 
 i bet he liked that . 
 you said you did n't care . 
 get over it . 
 maybe i 'm concerned about your reputation . 
 i stifle a laugh . 
 really ? 
 no . 
 i 'm jealous . 
 i glance over my shoulder at him again , and meet james 's blue eyes . 
 he shrugs , looking a bit pathetic . 
 like maybe he is actually sorry . 
 i turn back around and put my phone in my pocket , trying to think things over . 
 i know i do n't want to be with realm , not like that . 
 but honestly , james is a little much for me to handle , especially when he seems to like and then dislike me on a daily basis . 
 god , if i just had my memories , i 'd understand everything so much more . 
 i 'd know what happened to my brother , to me and james . 
 i 'd know who my friends are . 
 i 'd know what happened with my parents . 
 there 's so much that is just out of my reach , but if i could only - the bell rings , startling me . 
 i get up slowly , trying to decide my next move . 
 just then i see james walk by , a small smile on his lips as he passes . 
 `` see you around , sloane , '' he says , too quietly for anyone else to hear . 
 and i know from the way my body reacts that realm was right . 
 i loved james . 
 but maybe we 're better off this way . 
 at the end of the day i wander around the halls for a bit , examining everyone as i pass them , trying to discern if i had possibly known them . 
 i 'm still getting headaches , but nothing like the one i had last night . 
 i wonder if my brain has nearly finished repairing itself . 
 `` took you long enough . '' 
 i stop a few feet from my locker to see james standing there , looking bored in the now deserted hallway . 
 `` what are you doing ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` i 'm sneaking around with you . 
 let 's go . '' 
 he motions toward the back door . 
 `` um , no . 
 you were pretty quick to dismiss my feelings last night . 
 something about not pretending that things were ever good ... '' he smiles . 
 `` i say stupid things , sloane . 
 all the time . 
 but maybe the thought of not talking to you again made me crazy . 
 maybe i could n't even sleep . 
 and maybe i 'm trying to make it up to you . '' 
 `` by possibly getting me in more trouble ? '' 
 `` that 's the idea . '' 
 and i ca n't help it , i laugh . 
 the devious spark in james 's eyes makes me think that trouble from the program is exactly what he wants . 
 is that what i 'd liked about him before ? 
 his defiance ? 
 `` if anyone sees us together , they 're going to call my mom . 
 and then she 'll call the program , '' i say . 
 `` then we should hurry up and get out of sight . 
 you ready ? '' 
 i debate whether i want to purposely break the rules even more . 
 realm told me to stay alive , to stay safe . 
 this could jeopardize both . 
 `` you will have so much fun with me , '' james whispers . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 `` i 'll try like hell . '' 
 i sigh , taking one more cautious look around the hallway , and then before anyone can notice , i grab my stuff and follow james out of the school . 
 chapter twelve `` see you have your dad 's car again , '' i say as we drive . 
 `` stole it . 
 he does n't like me to take it anymore . 
 something tells me that he never did , but he was trying to be nice after i got back from the program . '' 
 i twist my hands in my lap , not sure if i should bring up our past relationship . 
 i notice as he drives that james has the string from my shirt still around his pinky . 
 `` where are we going ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` there 's this spot i found the other day . 
 it 's ... beautiful . 
 i wanted to show someone , but , well . 
 i do n't really have any friends . '' 
 `` maybe it 's your sparkling personality . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` come on , sloane . 
 i 'm not that bad , am i ? '' 
 `` you 're awful . '' 
 his smile fades as he seems to think , taking us past fields and pastures . 
 `` i do n't like getting hurt , '' he says . 
 `` i remember that , even from being a kid . 
 i think it has to do with my mother leaving-even if i do n't know why or how-but i like to keep everything at a distance . 
 that way it ca n't destroy me . '' 
 `` you must have let brady in , '' i say quietly . 
 he must have let me in once too . 
 james nods . 
 `` and now that relationship is gone and it kind of hurts . 
 knowing that i had something that is n't there anymore . 
 it 's like a hole in my chest . 
 sometimes i think that pain might kill me . '' 
 i understand what he means . 
 this emptiness that does n't seem to have a reason . 
 something that ca n't be filled in . 
 i know now what realm meant when he said keeping one or two memories could drive you mad . 
 james exhales heavily and then goes to turn on the radio . 
 `` you 're ruining the fun , sloane . 
 this was supposed to cheer us up . '' 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 i settle back in the seat and watch him for a minute , liking the easy , calm expression on his face , especially when i know there 's something darker underneath . 
 and that maybe the other side of that darkness is fierce love . 
 a love he had for me . 
 james turns onto a two-lane street , and i notice his arm again , the white scars that are there . 
 absently i reach out and run my index finger over them , and he takes in a quick breath . 
 `` sorry , '' i say , dropping my hand . 
 `` i 'm just wondering what they 're from . '' 
 `` it 's okay , '' he says . 
 `` when i got back i asked my dad about them . 
 he said i had had an ugly tattoo , and the program removed it . 
 strange , right ? 
 that they 'd just take ink off my body . 
 if i 'd known they were going to do that , i might have gotten a special message for them tattooed on my ass . '' 
 `` graphic . '' 
 he laughs . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 james looks at me , his eyes traveling over me like he 's trying to figure me out . 
 `` it felt nice , '' he says quietly . 
 `` when you touched me like that . '' 
 butterflies flutter in my stomach , but james goes back to watching the road . 
 i reach out again , my fingers trembling slightly as i run them carefully over his scars . 
 tracing the patterns there . 
 i watch as his shoulders relax and his mouth softens into a smile . 
 his skin is so warm , and i think that i must have liked touching him before . 
 i lean forward and press a gentle kiss onto his scars . 
 and then i straighten and look out the passenger window , desire filling my entire body . 
 `` i kissed it and made it all better , '' i say . 
 and it 's quiet until james responds , `` yes , you did . '' 
 my pulse has mostly calmed when james pulls up next to a grassy hill . 
 he shuts off his car and then reaches into the back to grab a blanket . 
 `` this is it , '' he says , sounding pleased . 
 i stare out the window , my heart in my throat . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 he asks . 
 `` it 's ... '' i try to catch my breath , push away the sadness . 
 `` we 're at the river , '' i say . 
 `` i know it 's a little cold out , but this place is gorgeous , '' he tells me , as if i need convincing . 
 as if this is the first time i 've been here . 
 i look over at him , tears in my eyes . 
 `` i know , '' i say . 
 `` brady used to take me here all the time . '' 
 james 's face falters , and he glances down at the towel in his hands . 
 i can see him searching for the memories and i know the minute he ca n't find them . 
 `` sorry , '' he murmurs . 
 `` we should - '' `` no , '' i say . 
 `` i love this place . 
 honestly . '' 
 and i mean it . 
 if i was ever going to feel close to my brother , it would be here . 
 james seems comforted by this as he climbs out of the car . 
 he waits for me before walking over the grass . 
 the river is breathtaking . 
 the sun glitters off the surface as tiny ripples wrap around the bigger rocks on the side . 
 `` this is even better than i remember , '' i say . 
 `` i was hoping you 'd like it . '' 
 i look sideways at him . 
 `` you thought of me ? '' 
 he shrugs and i wonder if he did n't mean to admit that out loud . 
 we face the slow-moving water , birds chirping above us as the trees close us in , making the area intimate . 
 private . 
 i 'd spent years in this spot , years watching my brother jump into the river . 
 he loved it here , and the fact that james does too only confirms that they were close . 
 that we 'd all spent a lot of time together . 
 james spreads out the blanket , and then when i 'm next to him , we sit quietly , arms resting on our bent knees as we watch the water . 
 and for a minute , i feel like i 'm home . 
 not my actual house , which is currently strangling me with the lies that i 've been told . 
 but my true home , here at the river with james , with the memories of brady . 
 i have the urge to rest my head on james 's shoulder , but i do n't think i should . 
 james shifts and his body bumps mine , knocking me sideways . 
 he mumbles a halfhearted apology and then lies back , putting his hands behind his head as he stares up at the clouds . 
 i settle next to him , looking around us , the cool breeze sending goose bumps over my skin . 
 it 's so peaceful here that i do n't think i ever want to leave . 
 after some time passes , james yawns dramatically . 
 `` hey , '' he says . 
 `` you want to go swimming ? '' 
 he looks over at me , squinting his blue eyes against the sun . 
 `` it 's cold . 
 and besides , i do n't know how to swim . '' 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 i nod . 
 james sits up , curling his leg underneath him , an expression of disbelief on his face . 
 `` well that 's just goddamn sad , sloane . 
 what are you , five ? 
 get undressed . 
 i 'm teaching you right now . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` first , no . 
 i 'm afraid of water . 
 and second , why am i getting undressed again ? '' 
 his lips curve up . 
 `` you do n't have to be scared . 
 i wo n't let you drown . '' 
 my heart is pounding at the thought of getting in the water , but james is n't helping to calm me down . 
 `` and the clothing option ? '' 
 i ask . 
 `` that would just be for fun . 
 i promised fun , remember ? '' 
 i shove him then , laughing as i do . 
 james stands , towering over me as i lie on my side , staring up at him . 
 `` come on , '' he says , seriously . 
 `` come in the water with me . 
 i 'll take my clothes off too . '' 
 `` something tells me you just really want me to see you naked . '' 
 `` maybe you 'll be impressed . '' 
 `` oh my god . '' 
 james has a talent for making me forget the world around us , for making it all feel normal . 
 i 'm sure that 's why i loved him . 
 or at least part of why . 
 even though it 's barely sixty degrees outside , james pulls his shirt over his head , the muscles corded and strong over his body . 
 he pulls down his shorts and stands in just his boxer briefs , windmilling his arms as he stretches . 
 he glances over at me . 
 `` see . 
 you look impressed . '' 
 i smile . 
 `` maybe a little . '' 
 `` do you need help with your shirt ? '' 
 `` no , i think i 'll keep it on . 
 but i will enjoy watching you freeze your ass off . '' 
 `` so impressed , '' he says over his shoulder as he walks to the water . 
 he swims out to a small boat dock on the other side of the bank , waving to me once he 's on it . 
 then he does a flip before splashing into the river below , reminding me of my brother when he does . 
 his clothes lie in the grass , crumpled up . 
 i consider hiding them , leaving him to drive home in a pair of wet boxer briefs . 
 james is splashing , yelling in a shaky voice that he 's not even cold . 
 i pick up his jeans and fold them over my arm , looking toward the path . 
 but when i start to walk , something falls out of his pocket . 
 at first i worry that i lost his house key or something important , but then i spy an object a few feet away . 
 when i recognize it , tingles race over my skin . 
 i get down on my knees and crawl over to it . 
 i drop james 's pants and pick up what i 'd so nearly lost . 
 it 's a ring . 
 a pink plastic heart similar to the one i 'd found in my mattress . 
 james must have given me the other one , and it must have meant something for me to save it . 
 for a second there 's a hint of a memory , just a flash of me stuffing it into my bed , but i ca n't hold on to it . 
 instead i start to cry . 
 i clutch the ring to my chest and then fold over , my cheek on the grass . 
 i 'm not complete . 
 i 'm missing a huge piece of my heart , memories of things i must have said and done , things i ca n't have back . 
 i want them , all of them . 
 i want to be myself again . 
 `` sloane ? '' 
 james 's voice is frantic . 
 drips of river water hit me before he kneels down on the grass beside me . 
 his arms wrap around me , his skin cold against mine . 
 `` this ring , '' i say , holding it up to him . 
 `` where did you get it ? '' 
 `` after we texted last night , i went to denny 's to sulk . 
 i saw it in a gum ball machine there . '' 
 he reaches to take it from me , possessive of it . 
 `` i felt bad for the things i said to you , and when i saw it ... i do n't know . 
 i had to get it for you . '' 
 he studies my expression . 
 `` is that dumb ? '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no . 
 you 've ... i think you 've given it to me before . 
 a different ring . '' 
 i smile , wiping at my cheeks . 
 `` but just as cheesy . '' 
 james 's eyebrows pull together as he thinks , looking down at the ring in his hand . 
 then he takes my finger and slides the ring on . 
 we both sit there , staring at it , trying to decide if it belongs there or not . 
 when james and i look at each other again , we 're both confused , unable to remember why this ring is so important to us . 
 `` can i do something ? '' 
 james asks , still holding my hand . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` can ... '' he pauses . 
 `` can i kiss you , sloane ? '' 
 that was so not what i was expecting him to say . 
 i do n't answer at first , and james drops my hand and crawls closer to me , his face near mine as he 's poised almost over me . 
 my heart races as i stare back at him . 
 he 's so beautiful . 
 `` please ? '' 
 he whispers . 
 `` i really want to . '' 
 something about the way he watches me-a knowing look that seems to see into my heart . 
 `` i do n't know , '' i say , my chest tightening as i let my feelings for him spread over me , leaving me unprotected and vulnerable . 
 his expression grows serious , as if i 'm refusing him . 
 but then i put my hand on his cheek . 
 the hand that wears his ring . 
 `` okay , yes , '' i say . 
 james smiles quickly , and then leans forward to press his mouth to mine , laying me back in the grass as he kisses me passionately . 
 his lips are hot , and i dig my fingers into the bare skin of his back , kissing him like i 've missed him my whole life . 
 they way he moves , tastes-it 's all so familiar , and yet ... not . 
 the sun lowers in the sky , the temperature dropping further . 
 but it does n't make us stop . 
 every second lasting both forever and not long enough . 
 and when we 're thoroughly exhausted , still dressed , james collapses next to me , laughing out loud . 
 `` this is the first time in almost three months that i 've felt anything at all , '' he says . 
 `` was it good ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . 
 that was all sorts of good . '' 
 i slap his chest . 
 `` i meant the feelings . 
 were they good ? '' 
 james moves then , rolling so that i 'm under him . 
 he brushes my hair away from my face . 
 he 's tender and defenseless , as if every part of him is exposed . 
 he 's not the ass ** le i thought he was , not even close . 
 what i see is someone broken and fierce . 
 someone loyal and hardened . 
 someone who could belong to me completely , and me to him . 
 james smiles as he traces his finger over my mouth . 
 `` i think ... '' he stops and looks into my eyes , his stare arresting , pinning me in place . 
 `` i think i 'm in love with you , '' he whispers . 
 `` is that crazy ? '' 
 his words strike my heart , and the ache that 's been a constant in my chest goes away completely . 
 i lick my lips and smile . 
 `` so crazy . '' 
 `` then i guess i love you madly . '' 
 and then he leans down and kisses me again . 
 chapter thirteen as we head back to town we 're quiet , but not uncomfortably so . 
 james keeps my hand in his lap , playing with my fingers . 
 his every touch is gentle , yet possessive . 
 i 'm sure he feels the same way i do . 
 as if we 've done this before . 
 i think about telling him about our past , but decide against it . 
 i 'm not sure how to say it without sounding like i made this happen somehow . 
 manipulated him . 
 i do n't want him to think that . 
 i want this all to be real . 
 `` what do we do now ? '' 
 i ask him , because i know one of us has to ruin the moment . 
 `` my parents will never let me date , and definitely not you . 
 and then there 's the program . 
 i may not have a handler anymore , but kevin was pretty adamant that i stay away from - '' james 's jaw tightens , but then he shakes his head . 
 `` i do n't care what they think . 
 i do n't care what anyone thinks . '' 
 `` they can send you away again . '' 
 `` i 'm not scared . '' 
 worry pulses though me , and i lean over , putting my chin on his shoulder . 
 `` what if i 'm scared for you ? '' 
 james looks sideways at me . 
 `` aw ... look at you being all sweet . 
 told you you 'd be impressed . '' 
 he kisses me quickly and then goes back to the road , as if that 's the end of the conversation . 
 `` james , '' i say , feeling tension starting to settle in my shoulders . 
 we 've been gone most of the day . 
 it was reckless . 
 i 'd pushed the idea away until now , enjoying the freedom of being with james instead . 
 but now i know how stupid it was . 
 i check my phone and see that i 've missed four calls from my house and one from a private number . 
 `` my parents have been looking for me , '' i say . 
 something in the tone of my voice makes him turn . 
 i watch as his sun-kissed skin pales , his fingers tightening on the steering wheel . 
 `` what do you think they 'll do ? '' 
 he asks . 
 and then i know it , feel it inside . 
 `` james , '' i say , choking up as the realization slides over me . 
 `` my parents are the ones who sent me to the program in the first place . 
 i think ... '' and the idea is horrible . 
 the fact that they betrayed me like that . 
 `` i think my mother is the one who did this to me . '' 
 i can still see her face when i 'd told her off the morning kevin was waiting at the front door . 
 and i know i 've seen it before , that look of stubborn love that makes her think she 's doing the right thing . 
 kevin took me to the program from my own house , which means my parents had to be in on it . 
 james 's expression is pained and he chews on his lip . 
 `` call home , '' he says . 
 `` call home and put it on speaker . '' 
 `` what ? 
 why ? '' 
 `` so i can listen . '' 
 i 'm terrified of what will happen . 
 i check the clock and see that it 's nearly six . 
 my fingers shake as i dial . 
 james glides the car into the empty lot of an abandoned farm , and parks . 
 i blow out an unsteady breath , clicking on the speaker just as it starts to ring . 
 my mother answers immediately , and i almost hang up . 
 `` hi , '' i say . 
 `` sloane ! 
 where are you ? 
 we 've been so worried . '' 
 in the background there is a rustling , making me think she 's covering up the receiver . 
 i swallow hard . 
 `` i 'm okay , '' i tell my mother . 
 `` it was such a beautiful day ; i thought i 'd go swimming . '' 
 `` i need you to come home , honey , '' my mother says calmly . 
 she does n't acknowledge the fact that i ca n't swim . 
 my breath is caught in my throat . 
 `` hang up , '' james says then . 
 `` hang up the phone . '' 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 my mother shouts quickly . 
 `` sloane , who are you with ? '' 
 i click end , and then lower the phone to my lap . 
 `` she was n't alone , was she ? '' 
 i ask , too devastated to look up . 
 `` no . 
 i do n't think so . '' 
 i let the realization hit me . 
 i know my mother loves me ; i 'm sure i 've always know that . 
 and in her heart , she believes in the program . 
 and because of that ... i can never trust her again . 
 `` sloane , '' james says . 
 `` it 's going to be okay . 
 i wo n't let anything happen to you . '' 
 i meet his eyes . 
 `` promise . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` do you think you promised that before ? '' 
 i want to tell him then , tell him about us . 
 but he seems hurt that i asked him about before , like i 've accused him of something . 
 `` if i 'd promised you , sloane , then they would n't have taken you to the program . 
 i would have died trying to protect you . 
 i would n't have let you down . 
 i 'd hate myself if i did . '' 
 he shakes his head as if he can get rid of the thought . 
 `` no , i 'm promising it now-even if it means running away . 
 hiding out for the rest of our lives . 
 i promise i wo n't let anything happen to you . 
 can you trust that ? '' 
 james 's face is scared . 
 and i do n't know what happened to land us in the program , but the truth is , we did let each other down one way or another . 
 we did n't make it . 
 but i have james back , here and now , as mine . 
 i grab him by the collar of his shirt , letting the phone fall to the floor . 
 i pull james to me , kissing him hard . 
 his hand is in my hair as he kisses me back . 
 the sky is darkening from the setting sun , but we climb into the backseat , yanking at each other 's clothes , tongues tangling in a heat that i know i could never have with anyone else . 
 this could be the last time i see him . 
 this could be the end . 
 `` i think i broke my femur , '' james says , as he lies underneath me . 
 `` on the console when you were attacking me ? 
 i think i broke it . '' 
 i laugh . 
 `` shut up . '' 
 `` i did n't mind , though , '' he says conversationally . 
 `` like when you bit my shoulder . 
 it was - '' i reach up and put my hand over his mouth , not moving it even after he licks my fingers . 
 `` shut . 
 up . '' 
 as if agreeing , he pulls me closer , resting his cheek on the top of my head . 
 when it 's quiet , i move my palm and rest it on his chest . 
 `` it was nice , '' he whispers , but not jokingly . 
 `` it was n't weird , either . 
 and that 's ... kind of weird . '' 
 i close my eyes . 
 `` it 's like we 've been here before , '' i say quietly , wondering if he knows the truth . 
 he does n't answer and i put my elbow in the corner of the seat , rising up to stare down at him . 
 he smiles when i do , looking completely and utterly in love with me . 
 `` you brought protection , '' i say . 
 `` expecting this ? '' 
 `` no , '' he says . 
 `` but it 's good to be prepared . '' 
 `` you expected this . '' 
 `` i hoped , maybe . '' 
 `` james ! '' 
 `` what ? 
 i got you a ring ! '' 
 i 'm still laughing as i lower my head to his neck , resting it there and letting the night fall around us . 
 we 've probably set off every red flag there is , and yet , i 'm not sure i 'd change any of it . 
 being here with james is just - `` you 're right , you know , '' he says . 
 `` you 're just right for me . 
 and i 'd bet my life that we 've done this before . 
 because i ca n't imagine i would n't have fallen in love with you the first time . '' 
 i smile , looking at the pink ring on my finger , at the fading scar on my wrist , and i think that we 've been through a lot to get here . 
 and i 'm never going back . 
 once we 're dressed and driving again , james stops at the gas station to get us snacks , our improvised dinner . 
 i called lacey , but when she did n't pick up i tried her house . 
 her mother said she was out on a date . 
 i 'm just hanging up when james returns with a paper bag filled with beef jerky and a map of local campsites . 
 this is dangerous . 
 we 've screwed up pretty big , and yet we 're not trying to change course . 
 clearly we 've both lost our minds . 
 my thoughts turn to my parents . 
 even though i 'm angry , i can imagine my father sitting on my bed , staring out my window and wondering if i 'm okay , or if i 've killed myself . 
 my mother is probably on the phone with the program , begging for them to save me . 
 i 've let them down , and obviously not for the first time . 
 after all , they had thought the only course of action was the program . 
 they let them change me . 
 `` hey , '' james says quietly . 
 i look at him and see the way he watches me , filled with worry . 
 `` you 're wasting perfectly good protein . '' 
 he motions to the slim jim in my hand and smiles , but it 's forced . 
 it 's his way of calming me , i think . 
 my phone buzzes in my pocket , and i jump , startled . 
 `` it 's from a private number , '' i say when i look at it . 
 `` maybe it 's realm ? '' 
 `` that would be awesome , '' james murmurs , and opens his powerbar to take a bite as we sit in the parking lot of the gas station . 
 i do n't respond , feeling guilty for not telling james about what happened , or almost happened , at realm 's house . 
 i open the message . 
 i need to see you immediately . 
 when i repeat it to james , he scoffs . 
 `` of course he does . '' 
 realm knows about me and james-our past-so i do n't think this is a social call . 
 he must know that my parents are looking for me . 
 or the program found out that he helped me and tracked him down . 
 i 'm suddenly scared for him . 
 `` i have to go to realm 's house , '' i tell james quickly , moving to snap on my seat belt . 
 he tenses . 
 `` why ? 
 i did n't kiss you good enough ? '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 james winces . 
 `` sorry . 
 that was uncalled for . 
 what i mean to say is , do you think he 'll taste me on your lips ? '' 
 `` hey ! '' 
 james closes his eyes , then looks at me apologetically . 
 `` i 'm not normally a jealous guy , i swear , '' he offers as explanation . 
 `` at least as far as i can remember . 
 but when it comes to michael realm , i might be a little murderous . 
 but just a little . '' 
 he pinches his fingers together . 
 `` i 'm not going to realm 's house to hook up . 
 he needs to see me , james . 
 he might be in trouble for helping me . '' 
 `` a real nice guy to drag you into his mess . '' 
 `` he 's my friend . 
 can you not be a jerk about it ? '' 
 james does n't answer at first , just turns over the engine and pulls out into the street . 
 `` fine , '' he says , like he does n't care either way . 
 `` but if he kisses you , i 'm going to fight . 
 i 'm completely immature like that . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 james exhales , checking his rearview to make sure no one is following us . 
 our time is running out . 
 i 'm not sure we can escape the program . 
 especially when i know that we could n't before . 
 chapter fourteen my heart skips a beat when i see a black escalade near realm 's house , the windows tinted too dark to see in . 
 as james parks and turns off the engine , i wonder if i should be scared . 
 what if this is a setup ? 
 would realm do that to me ? 
 `` i do n't like this , sloane , '' james says , meeting my eyes . 
 `` whose car is that ? '' 
 i shrug , but my hands are starting to shake . 
 `` he would n't turn me in , '' i say , but i sound like i 'm trying to convince myself . 
 `` he knows a lot of stuff , and that message ... '' i look down at my lap , my throat beginning to constrict with fear . 
 `` it has to be important . '' 
 james puts his hand over mine . 
 `` let 's just leave . 
 i 'll take care of us . '' 
 when i look up , james 's expression is desperate . 
 `` i know , but - '' just then the front door of the house opens , and a woman walks out onto the porch as if she 's been waiting for me . 
 i recognize her immediately , even though she 's not wearing sunglasses this time . 
 she was there the day realm was released from the program . 
 the sight of her brings a sick feeling to my stomach , confirming that something is wrong . 
 where 's realm ? 
 `` is she from the program ? '' 
 james asks , putting his fingers on the key in the ignition , ready to turn it on . 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` she picked realm up from the program . '' 
 the woman puts her hands on her hips as if impatient , and i look at james . 
 `` i should talk to her , '' i say . 
 james groans . 
 `` if i see anything strange , i 'm getting us out of here . 
 i 'll throw you over my shoulder if i have to . '' 
 `` like some crazed neanderthal ? '' 
 `` total caveman . '' 
 i smile and lean forward to kiss his lips softly , nervously . 
 and then i get out . 
 the wind blows my hair around my face as i slowly approach the house , my heart thudding wildly in my chest . 
 i half expect a handler to jump out from the bushes to grab me , inject me with a sedative . 
 i take a nervous glance back at james , who is watching intently from the car . 
 `` michael 's not here , '' the woman calls as she waits for me to get to the porch . 
 `` and he 's not coming back . '' 
 i take in a startled breath , stopping at the bottom of the steps . 
 `` he 's not coming back ? 
 my god , is he okay ? '' 
 the woman tilts her head , looking me over . 
 `` he 's fine . 
 but like i said , he wo n't be back . '' 
 i look around , devastated that he 'd just leave without telling me first . 
 without saying good-bye . 
 i was just here yesterday . 
 `` who are you ? '' 
 i ask the woman . 
 `` i 'm anna , michael 's sister . 
 i take care of things when he 's away . '' 
 she smiles at me then , sizing me up . 
 `` he said you were very pretty . '' 
 i 'm staring at her , confused . 
 upset . 
 `` i do n't understand , '' i say . 
 `` he just sent me a text . 
 why would he - '' anna holds up her hand to stop me . 
 `` i sent the text , sloane . 
 michael left this morning . 
 but he wanted me to speak with you . 
 he said you 'd need him . '' 
 `` i do , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm in trouble , and i need him right now . 
 so call him and tell him to come back ! '' 
 `` sloane , '' she says kindly . 
 `` there 's a lot you do n't know about michael , and his reasons for leaving-i promise-were out of his control . 
 but he cares about you . 
 he wants me to help you . '' 
 realm always wanted to help me . 
 he was all i had in the program . 
 he was good . 
 safe . 
 `` how are you going to help me ? '' 
 `` there are things that michael did n't tell you-things he does n't think you could forgive . 
 but he wants you to know that he loves you . 
 that he wants you to be happy . '' 
 she pauses and meets my eyes . 
 `` but more than anything , he wants you to run . '' 
 `` run ? '' 
 fear streaks down my back . 
 i 'm frozen in place , unsure of how to respond . 
 anna looks past me , toward the car . 
 `` is that james ? '' 
 she asks , nodding toward him . 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i search my memories , wondering if there will be a hidden clue to what 's going on , but there 's nothing . 
 i 'm completely lost . 
 `` my brother does n't like him much . '' 
 anna smiles at this . 
 `` but he understands . '' 
 `` understands ? 
 i 'm freaking out right now . 
 what 's going on ? '' 
 anna must hear in my voice that i 'm done with the cryptic messages because she sighs , as if dreading this part . 
 `` they 've been monitoring you , sloane . 
 texts , phone calls . 
 midnight drives ? 
 they came and saw michael today , knowing that you were here last night . 
 the minute they left , he called me to come by . 
 said he was leaving , that he had no choice but to ... fulfill an obligation , let 's say . 
 but he knew you were in danger , you and james , so he left you some provisions . 
 even made me promise to give up my car . '' 
 she laughs at this , but she does n't seem bitter . 
 `` my little brother can be fairly convincing when he needs to be . 
 then again , he 's all i have left . 
 and vice versa . '' 
 i can understand that she would do this for her brother , knowing that no matter how crazy the request , i would have done anything for brady . 
 realm had said that he did n't have anything outside the program . 
 i wonder why he never told me he had a sister . 
 `` kevin is a friend of ours , '' she continues . 
 `` and when he got pulled off your case , michael knew something was up . 
 obviously he was right . 
 i 'm sure you 're aware that there is an amber alert out for the two of you right now . '' 
 she motions to james . 
 `` what ? 
 no . 
 i ... '' and now i know that i ca n't go home . 
 that the flag has been thrown and nothing can be the same again , or at least , the same as it was a few weeks ago . 
 i want to panic , but i 'm trying to keep it together . 
 i 'm trying to be strong . 
 `` the epidemic is spreading , '' she says . 
 `` michael wants you to go east-says there 's a group there that can help hide you . 
 kevin will help . 
 he 's been conspiring with your friend lacey for some time . 
 they know about the rebels . '' 
 `` rebels ? 
 against the program ? '' 
 `` you do n't have to be part of it . 
 michael never was . 
 he honestly believed in the program , maybe even still does a little . 
 but things are changing . 
 he thought that your james might take up the cause . 
 he says he 's quite the troublemaker . '' 
 we both look back at james then . 
 he 's behind the wheel , the phone to his ear as he argues with whoever is on the other end . 
 his father ? 
 it 's clear by the expression on his face that it 's done , the life we had here . 
 when he sees me watching , james 's mouth stops moving and he lowers his phone . 
 he knows they 're looking for us too . 
 `` you should go , '' anna says . 
 `` the car has a few supplies , a little bit of money and directions . 
 kevin will be waiting with lacey at the rest stop on the idaho border . 
 pick them up and leave the state . 
 michael will find you , '' she says . 
 `` when he can , he 'll find you . '' 
 i stare at her , seeing a small resemblance between her and realm . 
 i 'm about to wonder if i should trust her when i realize that i do n't have any other options . 
 this is our only hand to play . 
 anna gives me the keys to the car before starting to walk into the house . 
 she pauses suddenly , and turns to me . 
 `` michael wanted me to give you one last thing , '' she says . 
 she removes a small plastic bag from her coat pocket and holds it out to me . 
 i take it and peek inside . 
 there is one bright-orange pill . 
 `` it 's meant to bring back the lost memories , '' she says . 
 `` some more quickly than others . 
 michael got his hands on it when he was in the program . 
 he 'd been saving it for when it was all over . '' 
 she swallows hard . 
 `` but he wants you to have it instead . 
 he has a warning , though . '' 
 anna takes a step closer to me , her eyes deadly serious . 
 `` he said that some things are better left in the past . 
 and true things are destined to repeat themselves . '' 
 i touch the small pill , wondering if it could have all that power , all the power to make me whole again . 
 `` he only gave me one ? '' 
 i ask , thinking of james . 
 `` there is only one , '' she whispers . 
 `` and now it 's yours . 
 michael is giving you the choice that the program did n't . 
 but he was very clear that if you take this pill , you might never forgive him . 
 you might hate him . '' 
 and suddenly i wonder what secrets realm has been keeping from me . 
 `` i could never hate him , '' i say , even though now i 'm not so sure . 
 `` easy to say when you do n't remember . '' 
 she walks away then , pulling open the front door , but stopping to look back at me . 
 `` you 'll be the only one who remembers , sloane , and that in itself could be a curse . 
 i hope you choose wisely . 
 i 'd hate to hear that you could n't handle it , and terminated . '' 
 she presses her lips into a sympathetic smile . 
 `` i think that sometimes the only real thing is now . '' 
 i do n't answer , and watch as she goes inside , leaving me on the darkened porch of my lost friend 's house . 
 i gaze down at the bag , my back to james as i reach inside to take out the pill . 
 i stare at it so long that my vision starts to tunnel-the color just a streak across my mental picture . 
 i blink quickly and look at it again , wondering how it would change me-getting my life back . 
 i 'd remember brady 's death-feel that pain all over again . 
 and then there 's the life i had with james . 
 i could take this pill and remember everything , but james still would n't . 
 can i really handle loving him completely when he 's still so new to accepting us ? 
 or what if we never really loved each other at all ? 
 what if realm was wrong about that ? 
 i could give james the pill , but what if he finds some horrible truth about brady or me or his mother ? 
 he could realize that there really is n't anyone to trust . 
 maybe we all betrayed each other . 
 it 's like i hold a lifetime in my fingers . 
 i 'd be complete , but at the same time ... what if i do n't like who i was ? 
 i look to the sky where the sun has set , leaving the clouds streaked in the same shade of orange as the pill . 
 realm has given me a gift-a choice . 
 he 's given me his friendship , his love , and in my way , i love him back . 
 but he said i would n't forgive him for the things i 'd find lost in my head . 
 do i believe that ? 
 do i believe him ? 
 tears race down my cheeks , and i stare down , one small object so full of information . 
 life . 
 loss . 
 right now , i have what i need . 
 i have james . 
 a way out of here . 
 but this could all be a lie , a hanging string to be pulled , unraveling everything . 
 can i stand knowing what happened to my brother that day ? 
 james and i were there , but we had n't stopped it . 
 there 's the slash on my wrist . 
 the way my mother looks at me , filled with concern and knowledge . 
 god , what if i was a horrible person ? 
 maybe ... maybe that 's why i wanted to die . 
 maybe i was the reason james wanted to die . 
 a small whimper escapes my lips as i let the pill drop back into the bag . 
 i want to crush it under the heel of my shoe , but i 'm terrified that i 'll change my mind later . 
 so i fold the bag into a small plastic square and stuff it into the back pocket of my jeans . 
 i wo n't take it , but i wo n't destroy it , either . 
 at least not yet . 
 and with that choice , my heart breaks . 
 i 'm saying good-bye to who i used to be . 
 who i can never really be again . 
 the people i once knew are different . 
 some are changed like me , others are dead . 
 knowing that can only bring me more pain . 
 more agony . 
 i miss realm , and i 'm glad i wo n't know what he does n't want me to remember . 
 this way , i 'll forever keep him as my friend and hero . 
 there 's nothing wrong with that . 
 this is the only choice . 
 i straighten my posture as i glance down the driveway to where james is parked , loving me madly . 
 loving me for who i am now . 
 we 'll meet lacey and kevin and sneak away , start over somewhere else . 
 we 'll leave our parents , our lives . 
 but most of all , we 'll leave the reach of the program . 
 and as i walk back to the car , the pill safely tucked away in my pocket , i think that maybe realm is wrong . 
 that james is n't the only troublemaker , the only one willing to take up the cause . 
 he 's not the only one who wants to fight . 
 so with that thought , i begin again-thinking to myself that sometimes ... the only real thing is now . 
 epilogue-two weeks later at the door of the leisure room , the girl pauses . 
 her body hums from the latest round of medication and she looks wearily at the handler near the door . 
 the roseburg facility is crowded and loud , and the girl swallows hard and turns to the nurse next to her . 
 `` i want to stay in my room , '' she mumbles . 
 nurse kell smiles , her face filled with compassion as she brushes the girl 's strawberry-blond hair off her shoulder . 
 `` why do n't you try and make friends , allison ? 
 it 's good for your recovery . '' 
 ally scoffs . 
 `` what 's good for my recovery is going home ! '' 
 her voice is loud , and several patients and handlers look over . 
 ally notices a guy at the table , a pretzel stick dangling from his lips like a cigar , staring at her . 
 `` william , '' nurse kell says softly . 
 `` i think i may need assistance . '' 
 her voice is curt , and when ally notices that she 's motioned to the handler , she backs away . 
 `` no , '' ally says quickly . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i - '' `` there you are , sweetness , '' a voice says . 
 ally turns around just as the guy takes the pretzel from his mouth , looping his arm in hers . 
 `` i thought we were playing cards today ? '' 
 he widens his eyes as if telling her to go along with it . 
 ally shoots a look at nurse kell , and then the guy next to her clears his throat . 
 he glares daggers at the handler , and william backs away , raising his hands almost apologetically . 
 `` right , '' ally says , nodding quickly , tightening her grip on the guy 's arm . 
 `` sorry i 'm late . '' 
 `` it 's okay . '' 
 he grins . 
 `` but now you owe me . '' 
 he nods at the nurse and she rolls her eyes at him , as if he 's always doing things like this . 
 then the guy pulls ally toward the table where two others sit , holding cards . 
 `` aw , come on ! '' 
 one of the boys yells , slapping down his hand . 
 `` you 're always trying to bring in girls , realm . '' 
 `` yeah , yeah , '' he responds . 
 `` but look how nice this one looks . '' 
 he turns and winks at ally , pulling out a chair for her . 
 she sits down , her heart racing at the thought of being thrown into isolation again . 
 she wants to go home , but there does n't seem to be a way . 
 this guy , though . 
 he seems to have it figured out . 
 he 's probably a good person to know in here . 
 ally looks him over then . 
 his hair is bleached blond , washing out his pale skin just a little . 
 his eyes are a deep brown and very kind . 
 he 's cute-not that she should really notice in a place like this . 
 and on his neck she sees a jagged pink scar , healed , but still dramatic . 
 she feels a pang of sympathy for him . 
 `` what 's the game ? '' 
 she asks quietly . 
 `` bullshit , '' realm answers . 
 `` you know it ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 ally shakes her head . 
 `` hmm ... '' he looks around at the guys . 
 `` how about asshole ? '' 
 ally smiles , remembering how she 'd taught her best friend 's little sister to play last summer . 
 the summer before her best friend killed herself . 
 `` yeah , '' she says , lowering her head . 
 `` i know that one pretty well . '' 
 `` realm ! '' 
 a voice cuts through the leisure room , and ally looks up , startled , to see a girl walking toward them . 
 her hair is a bright orange , and she seems unsteady . 
 ally wonders how much medication she 's on . 
 `` hello , tabby , '' realm mumbles . 
 `` you said i could play ! '' 
 the girl 's voice is angry , and then she notices ally sitting there . 
 `` how come she 's here ? '' 
 `` sorry , '' realm says , touching tabitha 's arm . 
 `` table 's full . 
 next time , okay ? '' 
 ally considers leaving , feeling bad for shutting out this girl who clearly needs the game more than she does . 
 when she goes to stand , she feels realm 's hand touch hers . 
 `` stay , '' he says . 
 his steady eyes meet hers , and she sits back down . 
 after the other girl is gone , ally gnaws on her lip , feeling bad . 
 `` it 's okay , '' realm says , as if reading her thoughts . 
 `` tabby always asks to play , but we do n't let her . 
 she wo n't mess with you , though . 
 in fact , tomorrow she 'll be here asking all over again . '' 
 he lowers his voice , leaning his head toward hers . 
 `` quikdeath , '' he whispers . 
 `` it gave her short-term memory loss . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 ally fidgets uncomfortably as realm shuffles the cards , introducing her to shep and derek-saying they 've been here two weeks and will be out in four . 
 same with realm . 
 but they look comfortable with each other , as if they 've done this a million times . 
 outside , a storm is blowing wind and rain against the windows , sounding as if the world around her is washing away . 
 ally has felt this way before , just today , even . 
 dr. warren told her she was being difficult , that measures would have to be taken if she did n't start cooperating . 
 but now , watching these boys play with a sort of calmness , normalness to them , ally wonders if maybe she can make it . 
 if she can beat the program . 
 `` your play , sloane , '' realm says , putting another pretzel between his lips . 
 `` ally . '' 
 she looks sideways at him . 
 `` my name is allison . '' 
 she notices the pained look that crosses realm 's features , breaking his controlled expression . 
 but then he looks at her , all smiles again . 
 `` sorry , '' he says . 
 `` my medication cocktail must have been a little too strong today . 
 allison , '' he continues . 
 `` your play . '' 
 ally nods and puts down her next card , noticing the warning glances the other guys give realm . 
 shep mouths `` shut up , '' but realm does n't say anything back . 
 he stares through the window at the storm outside , a faint smile on his lips . 
 but by the time the game is over , ally half thinks she imagined all the tension , because the boys are laughing and calling each other ass ** les . 
 everyone is content , almost dreamlike . 
 or maybe it was the pill nurse kell made ally take . 
 she ca n't be sure . 
 and later , when realm asks ally if he can walk her `` home , '' she laughs , feeling the first bit of hope in a long time . 
 and later , when realm asks ally if he can walk her `` home , '' she laughs , feeling the first bit of hope in a long time . 
