 the small apartment is bare , the floor still streaked with broom strokes at the corners . 
 i do n't own anything to fill the space except my abnegation clothes , which are stuffed into the bottom of the bag at my side . 
 i throw it on the bare mattress and check the drawers beneath the bed for sheets . 
 the dauntless lottery was kind to me , because i was ranked first , and because unlike my outgoing fellow initiates , i wanted to live alone . 
 the others , like zeke and shauna , grew up surrounded by dauntless community , and to them the silence and the stillness of living alone would be unbearable . 
 i make the bed quickly , pulling the top sheet taut , so it almost has corners . 
 the sheets are worn in places , from moths or from prior use , i 'm not sure . 
 the blanket , a blue quilt , smells like cedar and dust . 
 when i open the bag that contains my meager possessions , i hold the abnegation shirt-torn , from where i had to tear away fabric to bind the wound in my hand-in front of me . 
 it looks small-i doubt i could even fit into it if i tried to put it on now , but i do n't try , i just fold it and drop it in the drawer . 
 i hear a knock , and i say , `` come in ! '' 
 thinking it 's zeke or shauna . 
 but max , a tall man with dark skin and bruised knuckles , walks into my apartment , his hands folded in front of him . 
 he surveys the room once and curls his lip with disgust at the gray slacks folded on my bed . 
 the reaction surprises me a little-there are n't many in this city who would choose abnegation as their faction , but there are n't many who hate it , either . 
 apparently i 've found one of them . 
 i stand , unsure what to say . 
 there 's a faction leader in my apartment . 
 `` hello , '' i say . 
 `` sorry to interrupt , '' he says . 
 `` i 'm surprised you did n't choose to room with your fellow former initiates . 
 you did make some friends , did n't you ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say . 
 `` this just feels more normal . '' 
 `` i guess it 'll take you some time to let go of your old faction . '' 
 max skims the counter in my small kitchen with a fingertip , looks at the dust he collected , then wipes his hand on his pants . 
 he gives me a critical look-one that tells me to let go of my old faction faster . 
 if i was still an initiate , i might worry about that look , but i 'm a dauntless member now , and he ca n't take that away from me , no matter how `` stiff '' i seem . 
 can he ? 
 `` this afternoon you 'll pick your job , '' max says . 
 `` did you have anything in mind ? '' 
 `` i guess it depends on what 's available , '' i say . 
 `` i 'd like to do something with teaching . 
 like what amar did , maybe . '' 
 `` i think the first-ranked initiate can do a little better than ` initiation instructor , ' do n't you ? '' 
 max 's eyebrows lift , and i notice that one does n't move as much as the other-it 's crossed with a scar . 
 `` i came because an opportunity has opened up . '' 
 he pulls a chair out from under the small table near the kitchen counter , turns it , and sits on it backward . 
 his black boots are caked with light-brown mud and the laces are knotted and fraying at the ends . 
 he might be the oldest dauntless i 've ever seen , but he may as well be made of steel . 
 `` to be honest , one of my fellow leaders of dauntless is getting a little old for the job , '' max says . 
 i sit on the edge of the bed . 
 `` the remaining four of us think it would be a good idea to get some new blood in leadership . 
 new ideas for new dauntless members and initiation , specifically . 
 that task is usually given to the youngest leader anyway , so it 's a good fit . 
 we were thinking of drawing from the more recent initiate classes for a training program to see if anyone is a good candidate . 
 you 're a natural choice . '' 
 i feel like my skin is too tight for me , suddenly . 
 is he really suggesting that at the age of sixteen i could qualify as a dauntless leader ? 
 `` the training program will last at least a year , '' max says . 
 `` it will be rigorous and it will test your skills in a lot of areas . 
 we both know you 'll do just fine in the fear landscape portion . '' 
 i nod without thinking . 
 he must not mind my self-assuredness , because he smiles a little . 
 `` you wo n't need to go to the job selection meeting later today , '' max says . 
 `` training will start very soon-tomorrow morning , in fact . '' 
 `` wait , '' i say , a thought breaking through the muddle in my mind . 
 `` i do n't have a choice ? '' 
 `` of course you have a choice . '' 
 he looks puzzled . 
 `` i just assumed someone like you would rather train to be a leader than spend all day standing around a fence with a gun on his shoulder , or lecturing initiates about good fighting technique . 
 but if i was wrong ... '' i do n't know why i 'm hesitating . 
 i do n't want to spend my days guarding the fence , or patrolling the city , or even pacing the training room floor . 
 i may have an aptitude for fighting , but that does n't mean i want to do it all day , every day . 
 the chance to make a difference in dauntless appeals to the abnegation parts of me , the parts that are lingering around , occasionally demanding attention . 
 i think i just do n't like when i 'm not given a choice . 
 i shake my head . 
 `` no , you were n't wrong . '' 
 i clear my throat and try to sound stronger , more determined . 
 `` i want to do it . 
 thank you . '' 
 `` excellent . '' 
 max gets up and cracks one of his knuckles idly , like it 's an old habit . 
 he holds out his hand for me to shake , and i take it , though the gesture is still unfamiliar to me-the abnegation would never touch each other so casually . 
 `` come to the conference room near my office tomorrow morning at eight . 
 it 's in the pire . 
 tenth floor . '' 
 he leaves , scattering bits of dried earth from the bottom of his shoes as he walks out . 
 i sweep them up with the broom that leans against the wall near the door . 
 it 's not until i 'm scooting the chair back under the table that i realize-if i become a dauntless leader , a representative of my faction , i 'll have to come face-to-face with my father again . 
 and not just once but constantly , until he finally retires into abnegation obscurity . 
 my fingers start to go numb . 
 i 've faced my fears so many times in simulations , but that does n't mean i 'm ready to face them in reality . 
 `` dude , you missed it ! '' 
 zeke is wide-eyed , concerned . 
 `` the only jobs left by the end were the gross jobs , like scrubbing toilets ! 
 where were you ? '' 
 `` it 's fine , '' i say as i carry my tray back to our table near the doors . 
 shauna is there with her little sister , lynn , and lynn 's friend marlene . 
 when i first saw them there , i wanted to turn around and leave immediately-marlene is too cheerful for me even on a good day-but zeke had already seen me , so it was too late . 
 behind us , uriah jogs to catch up , his plate loaded with more food than he can possibly pack into his stomach . 
 `` i did n't miss anything-max came to see me earlier . '' 
 as we take our seats at the table , under one of the bright-blue lamps that hang from the wall , i tell him about max 's offer , careful not to make it sound too impressive . 
 i only just found friends ; i do n't want to create jealous tension between us for no reason . 
 when i finish , shauna leans her face into one of her hands and says to zeke , `` i guess we should have tried harder during initiation , huh ? '' 
 `` or killed him before he could take his final test . '' 
 `` or both . '' 
 shauna grins at me . 
 `` congrats , four . 
 you deserve it . '' 
 i feel everyone 's eyes on me like distinct , powerful beams of heat , and hurry to change the subject . 
 `` where did you guys end up ? '' 
 `` control room , '' zeke says . 
 `` my mom used to work there , and she taught me most of what i 'll need to know already . '' 
 `` i 'm in the patrol leadership track ... thing , '' shauna says . 
 `` not the most exciting job ever , but at least i 'll get to be outside . '' 
 `` yeah , let 's hear you say that in the dead of winter when you 're trudging through a foot of snow and ice , '' lynn says sourly . 
 she stabs at a pile of mashed potatoes with her fork . 
 `` i better do well in initiation . 
 i do n't want to get stuck at the fence . '' 
 `` did n't we talk about this ? '' 
 uriah says . 
 `` do n't say the ` i ' word until at most two weeks before it happens . 
 it makes me want to throw up . '' 
 i look at the pile of food on his tray . 
 `` stuffing yourself up to your eyeballs with food , though , that 's fine ? '' 
 he rolls his eyes at me and bends over his tray to keep eating . 
 i poke at my own food-i have n't had any appetite since this morning , too worried about tomorrow to stand a full stomach . 
 zeke spots someone across the cafeteria . 
 `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 shauna watches him cross the room to greet a few young dauntless members . 
 they do n't look much older than he is , but i do n't recognize them from initiation , so they must be a year or two older . 
 zeke says something to the group-mostly made up of girls-that sends them into fits of laughter , and he jabs one of the girls in the ribs , making her squeal . 
 beside me , shauna glowers and misses her mouth with her fork , smearing sauce from the chicken all over her cheek . 
 lynn snorts into her food , and marlene kicks her-audibly-under the table . 
 `` so , '' marlene says loudly . 
 `` do you know of anyone else who 's doing that leadership program , four ? '' 
 `` come to think of it , i did n't see eric there today , either , '' shauna says . 
 `` i was hoping he tripped and fell into the chasm , but ... '' i shove a bite of food in my mouth and try not to think about it . 
 the blue light makes my hands look blue , too , like the hands of a corpse . 
 i have n't spoken to eric since i accused him of being indirectly responsible for amar 's death-someone reported amar 's simulation awareness to jeanine matthews , leader of erudite , and as a former erudite , eric is the most likely suspect . 
 i have n't decided what i 'll do the next time i have to talk to him , either . 
 beating him up again is n't going to prove that he 's a faction traitor . 
 i 'll have to find some way to connect his recent activities to the erudite and take the information to one of the dauntless leaders-max , probably , since i know him best . 
 zeke walks back to the table and slides into his seat . 
 `` four . 
 what are you doing tomorrow night ? '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' i say . 
 `` nothing ? '' 
 `` not anymore , '' he says . 
 `` you 're coming with me on a date . '' 
 i choke on my next bite of potatoes . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` um , hate to tell you this , big brother , '' uriah says , `` but you 're supposed to go on dates alone , not bring a friend . '' 
 `` it 's a double date , obviously , '' zeke says . 
 `` i asked maria out , and she said something about finding a date for her friend nicole , and i indicated that you would be interested . '' 
 `` which one 's nicole ? '' 
 lynn says , craning her neck to look at the group of girls . 
 `` the redhead , '' zeke says . 
 `` so , eight o'clock . 
 you 're in , i 'm not even asking . '' 
 `` i do n't - '' i say . 
 i look at the redheaded girl across the room . 
 she 's fair-skinned , with wide eyes smeared with black , and wearing a tight shirt , which shows off the bend in her waist and ... other things my inner abnegation voice tells me not to notice . 
 i do anyway . 
 i 've never been on a date , thanks to my former faction 's strict courtship rituals , involving engaging in acts of service together and maybe-maybe-having dinner with someone else 's family and helping them clean up afterward . 
 i 've never even thought about whether i wanted to date anyone ; it was such an impossibility . 
 `` zeke , i 've never - '' uriah frowns and pokes my arm , hard , with one finger . 
 i slap his hand away . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` oh , nothing , '' uriah says cheerfully . 
 `` you were just sounding stiffer than usual , so i thought i would check - '' marlene laughs . 
 `` yeah , right . '' 
 zeke and i exchange a look . 
 we 've never explicitly talked about not sharing my faction of origin , but as far as i know , he 's never mentioned it to anyone . 
 uriah knows , but despite his loud mouth , he seems to understand when to withhold information . 
 still , i 'm not sure why marlene has n't figured it out-maybe she 's not very observant . 
 `` it 's not a big deal , four , '' zeke says . 
 he eats his last bite of food . 
 `` you 'll go , you 'll talk to her like she 's a normal human being-which she is-maybe she 'll let you-gasp-hold her hand - '' shauna gets up suddenly , her chair screeching on the stone floor . 
 she tucks her hair behind one ear and walks toward the tray return , head down . 
 lynn glares at zeke-which hardly looks different from her normal facial expression-and follows her sister across the cafeteria . 
 `` okay , you do n't have to hold hands with anyone , '' zeke says , like nothing happened . 
 `` just go , all right ? 
 i 'll owe you one . '' 
 i look at nicole . 
 she 's sitting at a table near the tray return and laughing at someone else 's joke again . 
 maybe zeke 's right-maybe it 's not that big a deal , and maybe this is another way that i can unlearn my abnegation past and learn to embrace my dauntless future . 
 and besides-she 's pretty . 
 `` okay , '' i say . 
 `` i 'll go . 
 but if you make some kind of joke about hand holding , i 'm going to break your nose . '' 
 when i get back to my apartment that night , it still smells like dust and a hint of mold . 
 i turn on one of the lamps , and a glimmer of light reflects off the countertop . 
 i run my hand over it , and a small piece of glass pricks my finger , making it bleed . 
 i pinch it between my fingertips and carry it to the trash can , which i put a bag in this morning . 
 but resting at the bottom of the bag now is a pile of shards in the shape of a drinking glass . 
 i have n't used one of those yet . 
 a shiver goes down my spine , and i scan the rest of the apartment for signs of disruption . 
 the sheets are n't rumpled , none of the drawers are open , none of the chairs seem to have moved . 
 but i would know if i had broken a glass that morning . 
 so who was in my apartment ? 
 i do n't know why , but the first thing my hands find in the morning when i stumble into the bathroom is the set of hair clippers i got with my dauntless credits yesterday . 
 and then while i 'm still blinking the clouds from my eyes , i turn them on and touch them to my head the way i 've done since i was young . 
 i bend my ear forward to protect it from the blades ; i know just how to twist and shift so that i can see as much of the back of my head as possible . 
 the ritual calms my nerves , makes me feel focused and steady . 
 i brush the trimmed hairs from my shoulders and neck and sweep them into the wastebasket . 
 it 's an abnegation morning . 
 a quick shower , a plain breakfast , a clean house . 
 except i 'm wearing dauntless black , boots and pants and shirt and jacket . 
 i avoid looking in the mirror on my way out , and it makes me grit my teeth , knowing how deep these stiff roots go , and how hard it will be to excise them from my mind , as tangled up in everything as they are . 
 i left that place out of fear and defiance , and that will make it harder to assimilate than anyone knows , harder than if i had actually chosen dauntless for the right reasons . 
 i walk quickly toward the pit , emerging through an arch halfway up the wall . 
 i stay away from the edge of the path , though dauntless children , shrieking with laughter , sometimes run right along it , and i should be braver than they are . 
 i 'm not sure bravery is something you acquire more of with age , like wisdom-but maybe here , in dauntless , bravery is the highest form of wisdom , the acknowledgment that life can and should be lived without fear . 
 it 's the first time i 've found myself being thoughtful about dauntless life , so i hold on to the thought as i ascend the paths around the pit . 
 i reach the staircase that hangs from the glass ceiling and keep my eyes up , away from the space opening up beneath me , so i do n't start to panic . 
 but my heart is pounding by the time i reach the top anyway ; i can feel it even in my throat . 
 max said his office was on the tenth floor , so i ride the elevator up with a group of dauntless going to work . 
 they do n't all seem to know one another , unlike the abnegation-it 's not as important to them to memorize names and faces and needs and wants , so maybe they just keep to their friends and families , forming rich but separate communities within their faction . 
 like the one i 'm forming myself . 
 when i reach the tenth floor , i 'm not sure where to go , but then i spot a dark head turning a corner in front of me . 
 eric . 
 i follow him , partly because he probably knows where he 's going , but partly because i want to know what he 's doing even if he 's not going to the same place i am . 
 but when i turn the corner , i see max standing in a conference room that has glass walls , surrounded by young dauntless . 
 the oldest one is maybe twenty , and the youngest is probably not much older than i am . 
 max sees me through the glass and motions for me to come in . 
 eric sits close to him-suck-up , i think-but i sit at the other end of the table , between a girl with a ring through her nostrils and a boy whose hair is such a bright shade of green i ca n't look straight at him . 
 i feel plain by comparison-i may have gotten dauntless flames tattooed on my side during initiation , but it 's not like they 're on display . 
 `` i think everyone is here , so let 's get started . '' 
 max closes the door to the conference room and stands before us . 
 he looks strange in such an ordinary environment , like he 's here to break all the glass and cause chaos rather than lead this meeting . 
 `` you 're all here because you 've shown potential , first , but also because you 've displayed enthusiasm for our faction and its future . '' 
 i do n't know how i 've done that . 
 `` our city is changing , faster now than ever before , and in order to keep up with it , we 'll have to change , too . 
 we 'll have to become stronger , braver , better than we are now . 
 and among you are the people who can get us there , but we 'll have to figure out who they are . 
 we 'll be doing a combination of instruction and skills tests for the next several months , to teach you what you 'll need to know if you make it through this program , but also to see how quickly you learn . '' 
 that sounds a little like something the erudite would value , not the dauntless-strange . 
 `` the first thing you 'll do is fill out this info sheet , '' he says , and i almost laugh . 
 there 's something ridiculous about a tough , hardened dauntless warrior with a stack of papers he calls `` info sheets , '' but of course some things have to be ordinary , because it 's more efficient that way . 
 he sends the stack around the table , along with a bundle of pens . 
 `` all this will do is tell us more about you and give us a starting point by which to measure your progress . 
 so it 's in your best interest to be honest , and not to make yourself sound better than you are . '' 
 i feel unsettled , staring at the sheet of paper . 
 i fill out my name-which is the first question-and my age-the second . 
 the third asks for my faction of origin , and the fourth asks for my number of fears . 
 the fifth asks what those fears are . 
 i 'm not sure how to describe them . 
 the first two are easy-heights , confinement-but the next one ? 
 and what am i supposed to write about my father , that i 'm afraid of marcus eaton ? 
 eventually i scribble losing control for my third fear and physical threats in confined spaces for my fourth , knowing that that 's far from true . 
 but the next few questions are strange , confusing . 
 they 're statements , trickily worded , that i 'm supposed to agree or disagree with . 
 it 's okay to steal if it 's to help someone else . 
 well , that 's easy enough-agree . 
 some people are more deserving of rewards than others . 
 maybe . 
 it depends on the rewards . 
 power should be given only to those who earn it . 
 difficult circumstances form stronger people . 
 you do n't know how strong a person really is until they 're tested . 
 i glance around the table at the others . 
 some people seem puzzled , but no one looks the way i feel-disturbed , almost afraid to circle an answer beneath each statement . 
 i do n't know what to do , so i circle `` agree '' for each one and pass my sheet back with everyone else 's . 
 zeke and his date , maria , are pressed up against a wall in a hallway next to the pit . 
 i can see their silhouettes from here . 
 it looks like they 're still just as pressed-up-against-each-other as they were five minutes ago when they first went back there , giggling like idiots the whole time . 
 i cross my arms and look back at nicole . 
 `` so , '' i say . 
 `` so , '' she says , tipping forward onto the balls of her feet and back onto her heels again . 
 `` this is a little awkward , right ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say , relieved . 
 `` it is . '' 
 `` how long have you been friends with zeke ? '' 
 she says . 
 `` i have n't seen you around much . '' 
 `` a few weeks , '' i say . 
 `` we met during initiation . '' 
 `` oh , '' she says . 
 `` were you a transfer ? '' 
 `` um ... '' i do n't want to admit that i transferred from abnegation , partly because whenever i admit that , people start thinking i 'm uptight , and partly because i do n't like to toss out hints about my parentage when i can avoid it . 
 i decide to lie . 
 `` no , just ... kept to myself before then , i guess . '' 
 `` oh . '' 
 she narrows her eyes a little . 
 `` you must have been really good at it . '' 
 `` one of my specialties , '' i say . 
 `` how long have you been friends with maria ? '' 
 `` since we were kids . 
 she could trip and fall and land on a date with someone , '' nicole says . 
 `` others of us are n't as talented . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 `` zeke had to push me into this a little . '' 
 `` really . '' 
 nicole raises an eyebrow . 
 `` did he at least show you what you were in for ? '' 
 she points at herself . 
 `` um , yeah , '' i say . 
 `` i was n't sure if you were my type , but i thought maybe - '' `` not your type . '' 
 she sounds cold , suddenly . 
 i try to backtrack . 
 `` i mean , i do n't think that 's that important , '' i say . 
 `` personality is much more important than - '' `` than my unsatisfactory looks ? '' 
 she raises both eyebrows . 
 `` that 's not what i said , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm ... really terrible at this . '' 
 `` yeah , '' she says . 
 `` you are . '' 
 she grabs the small black bag that was resting against her feet and tucks it under her arm . 
 `` tell maria i had to go home early . '' 
 she stalks away from the railing and disappears into one of the paths next to the pit . 
 i sigh and look at zeke and maria again . 
 i can tell by the faint movements i 'm able to detect that they have n't slowed down at all . 
 i tap my fingers against the railing . 
 now that our double date has become an awkward , triangle-shaped date , it must be all right for me to leave . 
 i spot shauna coming out of the cafeteria and wave to her . 
 `` is n't tonight your big date night with ezekiel ? '' 
 she says . 
 `` ezekiel , '' i say , cringing . 
 `` i forgot that was his whole name . 
 yeah , my date just stormed off . '' 
 `` good one , '' she says , laughing . 
 `` what 'd you last , ten minutes ? '' 
 `` five , '' i say , and i find myself laughing , too . 
 `` apparently i 'm insensitive . '' 
 `` no , '' she says with mock surprise . 
 `` you ? 
 but you 're so sentimental and sweet ! '' 
 `` funny , '' i say . 
 `` where 's lynn ? '' 
 `` she started arguing with hector . 
 our little brother , '' she says . 
 `` and i 've been listening to them do that for , oh , my whole life . 
 so i left . 
 i thought i 'd go to the training room , get some exercise in . 
 want to go ? '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say . 
 `` let 's go . '' 
 we head toward the training room , but then i realize that we have to walk down the same hallway that zeke and maria currently occupy to get there . 
 i try to stop shauna with a hand , but i 'm too late-she sees their two bodies pressed together , her eyes wide . 
 she pauses for a moment , and i hear smacking noises i wish i had n't heard . 
 then she moves down the hallway again , walking so fast i have to jog to catch up to her . 
 `` shauna - '' `` training room , '' she says . 
 when we get there , she starts immediately on the punching bag , and i 've never seen her hit so hard before . 
 `` though it might seem strange , it 's important for high-level dauntless to understand how a few programs work , '' max says . 
 `` the surveillance program in the control room is an obvious one-a dauntless leader will sometimes have to monitor the things happening in the faction . 
 then there 's the simulation programs , which you have to understand in order to evaluate dauntless initiates . 
 also the currency tracking program , which keeps commerce in our faction running smoothly , among others . 
 some of these programs are pretty sophisticated , which means you 'll have to be able to learn computer skills easily , if you do n't already have them . 
 that 's what we 'll be doing today . '' 
 he gestures to the woman standing at his left shoulder . 
 i recognize her from the game of dare . 
 she 's young , with purple streaks in her short hair and more piercings than i can easily count . 
 `` lauren here will be teaching you some of the basics , and then we 'll test you , '' max says . 
 `` lauren is one of our initiation instructors , but in her downtime she works as a computer technician in dauntless headquarters . 
 it 's a little erudite of her , but we 'll let it slide for the sake of convenience . '' 
 max winks at her , and she grins . 
 `` go ahead , '' he says . 
 `` i 'll be back in an hour . '' 
 max leaves , and lauren claps her hands together . 
 `` right , '' she says . 
 `` today we 're going to talk about how programming works . 
 those of you who already have some experience with this , please feel free to tune out . 
 the rest of you better keep focused because i 'm not going to repeat myself . 
 learning this stuff is like learning a language-it 's not enough to memorize the words ; you also have to understand the rules and why they work the way they do . '' 
 when i was younger , i volunteered in the computer labs in the upper levels building to meet my faction-mandated volunteer hours-and to get out of the house-and i learned how to take a computer apart and put it back together . 
 but i never learned about this . 
 the next hour passes in a blur of technical terms i can barely keep up with . 
 i try to jot some notes on a piece of scrap paper i found on the floor , but she 's moving so fast it 's hard for my hand to keep up with my ears , so i abandon the effort after a few minutes and just try to pay attention . 
 she shows examples of what she 's talking about on a screen at the front of the room , and it 's hard not to be distracted by the view from the windows behind her-from this angle , the pire displays the city 's skyline , the prongs of the hub piercing the sky , the marsh peeking from between the glimmering buildings . 
 i 'm not the only one who seems overwhelmed-the other candidates lean over to one another to whisper frantically , asking for definitions they missed . 
 eric , however , sits comfortably in his chair , drawing on the back of his hand . 
 smirking . 
 i recognize that smirk . 
 of course he already knows all this stuff . 
 he must have learned it in erudite , probably when he was a child , or else he would n't look quite so smug . 
 before i can really register the passage of time , lauren is pressing a button for the display screen to withdraw into the ceiling . 
 `` on the desktop of your computer , you 'll find a file marked ` programming test , ' '' she says . 
 `` open it . 
 it will take you to a timed exam . 
 you 'll go through a series of small programs and mark the errors you find that are causing them to malfunction . 
 they might be really big things , like the order of the code , or really small things , like a misplaced word or marking . 
 you do n't have to fix them right now , but you do have to be able to spot them . 
 there will be one error per program . 
 go . '' 
 everyone starts frantically tapping at their screens . 
 eric leans over to me and says , `` did your stiff house even have a computer , four ? '' 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` well , you see , this is how you open a file , '' he says with an exaggerated tap on the file on his screen . 
 `` see , it looks like paper , but it 's really just a picture on a screen-you know what a screen is , right ? '' 
 `` shut up , '' i say as i open the test . 
 i stare at the first program . 
 it 's like learning a language , i say to myself . 
 everything has to start in the right order and finish in the reverse order . 
 just make sure that everything is in the right place . 
 i do n't start at the beginning of the code and make my way down-instead , i look for the innermost kernel of code inside all the wrappers . 
 there , i notice that the line of code finishes in the wrong place . 
 i mark the spot and press the arrow button that will allow me to continue the exam if i 'm right . 
 the screen changes , presenting me with a new program . 
 i raise my eyebrows . 
 i must have absorbed more than i thought . 
 i start the next one in the same way , moving from the center of the code to the outside , checking the top of the program with the bottom , paying attention to quotation marks and periods and backslashes . 
 looking for code errors is strangely soothing , just a way of making sure that the world is still in the same order it 's supposed to be , and as long as it is , everything will run smoothly . 
 i forget about all the people around me , even about the skyline beyond us , about what finishing this exam will mean . 
 i just focus on what 's in front of me , on the tangle of words on my screen . 
 i notice that eric finishes first , long before anyone else looks ready to complete their exam , but i try not to let it worry me . 
 even when he decides to stay next to me and look over my shoulder as i work . 
 finally i touch the arrow button and a new image pops up . 
 exam complete , it says . 
 `` good job , '' lauren says , when she comes by to check my screen . 
 `` you 're the third one to finish . '' 
 i turn toward eric . 
 `` wait , '' i say . 
 `` were n't you about to explain what a screen was ? 
 obviously i have no computer skills at all , so i really need your help . '' 
 he glowers at me , and i grin . 
 my apartment door is open when i return . 
 just an inch , but i know i closed it before i left . 
 i nudge it open with the toe of my shoe and enter with a pounding heart , expecting to find an intruder rifling through my things , though i 'm not sure who-one of jeanine 's lackeys , searching for evidence that i 'm different in the same way amar was , maybe , or eric , looking for a way to ambush me . 
 but the apartment is empty and unchanged . 
 unchanged-except for the piece of paper on the table . 
 i approach it slowly , like it might burst into flames , or dissolve into the air . 
 there 's a message written on it in small , slanted handwriting . 
 on the day you hated most at the time when she died in the place where you first jumped on . 
 at first the words are nonsense to me , and i think they 're a joke , something left here to rattle me , and it worked , because i feel unsteady on my feet . 
 i sit in one of the rickety chairs , hard , without moving my eyes from the paper . 
 i read it over and over again , and the message starts to take shape in my mind . 
 in the place where you first jumped on . 
 that must mean the train platform i ascended after i had just joined dauntless . 
 at the time when she died . 
 there 's only one `` she '' this could be : my mother . 
 my mother died in the dead of night , so that by the time i awoke , her body was already gone , whisked away by my father and his abnegation friends . 
 her time of death was estimated to be around two in the morning , he said . 
 on the day you hated most . 
 that 's the hardest one-is it referring to a day of the year , a birthday or a holiday ? 
 none of those are coming up , and i do n't see why someone would leave a note that far in advance . 
 it must be referring to a day of the week , but what day of the week did i hate most ? 
 that 's easy-council meeting days , because my father was out late and would return home in a foul mood . 
 wednesday . 
 wednesday , two a.m. , at the train platform near the hub . 
 that 's tonight . 
 and there 's only one person in the world who would know all that information : marcus . 
 i 'm clutching the folded piece of paper in my fist , but i ca n't feel it . 
 my hands have been tingling and mostly numb since i first thought his name . 
 i left my apartment door wide open , and my shoes are untied . 
 i move along the walls of the pit without noticing how high up i am and run up the stairs to the pire without even feeling tempted to look down . 
 zeke mentioned the control room 's location in passing a few days ago . 
 i can only hope he 's still there now , because i 'll need his help if i want to access the footage of the hallway outside my apartment . 
 i know where the camera is , hidden in the corner where they think no one will notice it . 
 well , i noticed it . 
 my mother used to notice things like that , too . 
 when we walked through the abnegation sector , just the two of us , she would point out the cameras , hidden in bubbles of dark glass or fixed to the edges of buildings . 
 she never said anything about them , or seemed worried about them , but she always knew where they were , and when she passed them , she made a point to look directly at them , as if to say , i see you , too . 
 so i grew up searching , scanning , watching for details in my surroundings . 
 i ride the elevator to the fourth floor , then follow signs for the control room . 
 it 's down a short corridor and around the bend , the door wide open . 
 a wall of screens greets me-a few people sit behind it , at desks , and then there are other desks along the walls where more people sit , each one with a screen of their own . 
 the footage rotates every five seconds , showing different parts of the city-the amity fields , the streets around the hub , the dauntless compound , even the merciless mart , with its grand lobby . 
 i glimpse the abnegation sector on one of the screens , then pull myself out of the daze , looking for zeke . 
 he 's sitting at a desk on the right wall , typing something into a dialog box on the left half of his screen while footage of the pit plays on the right half . 
 everyone in the room is wearing headphones-listening , i assume , to whatever they 're supposed to be watching . 
 `` zeke , '' i say quietly . 
 some of the others look at me , as if scolding me for intruding , but no one says anything . 
 `` hey ! '' 
 he says . 
 `` i 'm glad you came , i 'm bored out of my-what 's wrong ? '' 
 he looks from my face to my fist , still clenched around the piece of paper . 
 i do n't know how to explain , so i do n't try . 
 `` i need to see footage from the hallway outside my apartment , '' i say . 
 `` from the last four or so hours . 
 can you help ? '' 
 `` why ? '' 
 zeke says . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` someone was in my place , '' i say . 
 `` i want to know who it was . '' 
 he looks around , checking to make sure no one is watching . 
 or listening . 
 `` listen , i ca n't do that-even we are n't allowed to pull up specific things unless we see something weird , it 's all on a rotation - '' `` you owe me a favor , remember ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` i would never ask unless it was important . '' 
 `` yeah , i know . '' 
 zeke looks around again , then closes the dialog box he had open and opens another one . 
 i watch the code he types in to call up the right footage , and i 'm surprised to find that i understand some of it , after the day 's lesson . 
 an image appears on the screen , of one of the dauntless corridors near the cafeteria . 
 he taps it , and another image replaces it , this one of the inside of the cafeteria ; the next one is of the tattoo parlor , then the hospital . 
 he keeps scrolling through the dauntless compound , and i watch the images as they go past , showing momentary glimpses of ordinary dauntless life , people playing with their piercings as they wait in line for new clothing , people practicing punches in the training room . 
 i see a flash of max in what appears to be his office , sitting in one of the chairs , a woman sitting across from him . 
 a woman with blond hair tied back in a tight knot . 
 i put my hand on zeke 's shoulder . 
 `` wait . '' 
 the piece of paper in my fist seems a little less urgent . 
 `` go back . '' 
 he does , and i confirm what i suspected : jeanine matthews is in max 's office , a folder in her lap . 
 her clothes are perfectly pressed , her posture straight . 
 i take the headphones from zeke 's head , and he scowls at me but does n't stop me . 
 max 's and jeanine 's voices are quiet , but i can still hear them . 
 `` i 've narrowed it down to six , '' max is saying . 
 `` i 'd say that 's pretty good for , what ? 
 the second day ? '' 
 `` this is inefficient , '' jeanine says . 
 `` we already have the candidate . 
 i ensured it . 
 this was always the plan . '' 
 `` you never asked me what i thought of the plan , and this is my faction , '' max says tersely . 
 `` i do n't like him , and i do n't want to spend all my days working with someone i do n't like . 
 so you 'll have to let me at least try to find someone else who meets all the criteria - '' `` fine . '' 
 jeanine stands , pressing her folder to her stomach . 
 `` but when you fail to do so , i expect you to admit it . 
 i have no patience for dauntless pride . '' 
 `` yeah , because the erudite are the picture of humility , '' max says sourly . 
 `` hey , '' zeke hisses . 
 `` my supervisor is looking . 
 give me back the headphones . '' 
 he snatches them from my head , and they snap around my ears in the process , making them sting . 
 `` you have to get out of here or i 'll lose my job , '' zeke says . 
 he looks serious , and worried . 
 i do n't object , even though i did n't find out what i needed to know-it was my own fault for getting distracted anyway . 
 i slip out of the control room , my mind racing , half of me still terrified at the thought that my father was in my apartment , that he wants me to meet him alone on an abandoned street in the middle of the night , the other half confused by what i just heard . 
 we already have the candidate . 
 i ensured it . 
 they must have been talking about the candidate for dauntless leadership . 
 but why is jeanine matthews concerned with who is appointed as the next leader of dauntless ? 
 i make it all the way back to my apartment without noticing , then sit on the edge of the bed and stare at the opposite wall . 
 i keep thinking separate but equally frantic thoughts . 
 why does marcus want to meet with me ? 
 why are the erudite so involved in dauntless politics ? 
 does marcus want to kill me without witnesses , or does he want to warn me about something , or threaten me ... ? 
 who was the candidate they were talking about ? 
 i press the heels of my hands to my forehead and try to calm down , though i feel each nervous thought like a prickle at the back of my head . 
 i ca n't do anything about max and jeanine now . 
 what i have to decide now is whether i 'm going to this meeting tonight . 
 on the day you hated most . 
 i never knew that marcus even noticed me , noticed the things i liked or hated . 
 he just seemed to view me as an inconvenience , an irritant . 
 but did n't i learn a few weeks ago that he knew the simulations would n't work on me , and he tried to help me stay out of danger ? 
 maybe , despite all the horrible things he 's done and said to me , there 's a part of him that is actually my father . 
 maybe that 's the part of him that 's inviting me to this meeting , and he 's trying to show me by telling me he knows me , he knows what i hate , what i love , what i fear . 
 i 'm not sure why that thought fills me with such hope when i 've hated him for so long . 
 but maybe , just as there 's a part of him that 's actually my father , there 's also a part of me that 's actually his son . 
 the sun 's heat is still coming off the pavement at one thirty in the morning when i leave the dauntless compound . 
 i can feel it on my fingertips . 
 the moon is covered in clouds , so the streets are darker than usual , but i 'm not afraid of the dark , or the streets , not anymore . 
 that 's one thing beating up a bunch of dauntless initiates can teach you . 
 i breathe in the smell of warm asphalt and set off at a slow run , my sneakers slapping the ground . 
 the streets that surround the dauntless sector of the city are empty ; my faction lives huddled together , like a pack of sleeping dogs . 
 that 's why , i realize , max seemed so concerned about my living alone . 
 if i 'm really dauntless , should n't i want my life to overlap with theirs as much as possible , should n't i be looking for ways to fold myself into my faction until we are inextricable ? 
 i consider it as i run . 
 maybe he 's right . 
 maybe i 'm not doing a very good job of integrating myself ; maybe i 'm not pushing myself hard enough . 
 i find a steady rhythm , squinting at the street signs as i pass them , to keep track of where i 'm going . 
 i know when i reach the ring of buildings the factionless occupy because i can see their shadows moving around behind blacked-out and boarded windows . 
 i move to run under the train tracks , the latticed wood stretching out far ahead of me and curving away from the street . 
 the hub grows larger and larger in my sight as i get closer . 
 my heart is pounding , but i do n't think it 's from the running . 
 i stop abruptly when i reach the train platform , and as i stand at the foot of the stairs , catching my breath , i remember when i first climbed these steps , the sea of hooting dauntless moving around me , pressing me forward . 
 it was easy to be carried by their momentum then . 
 i have to carry myself forward now . 
 i start to climb , my footsteps echoing on the metal , and when i reach the top , i check my watch . 
 two o'clock . 
 but the platform is empty . 
 i walk back and forth over it , to make sure no dark figures are hiding in dark corners . 
 a train rumbles in the distance , and i pause to look for the light fixed to its nose . 
 i did n't know the trains ran this late-all power in the city is supposed to shut off after midnight , to conserve energy . 
 i wonder if marcus asked the factionless for a special favor . 
 but why would he travel on the train ? 
 the marcus eaton i know would never dare to associate himself so closely with dauntless . 
 he would sooner walk the streets barefoot . 
 the train light flashes , just once , before it careens past the platform . 
 it pounds and churns , slowing but not stopping , and i see a person leap from the second-to-last car , lean and lithe . 
 not marcus . 
 a woman . 
 i squeeze the paper tighter into my fist , and tighter , until my knuckles ache . 
 the woman strides toward me , and when she 's a few feet away , i can see her . 
 long curly hair . 
 prominent hooked nose . 
 black dauntless pants , gray abnegation shirt , brown amity boots . 
 her face is lined , worn , thin . 
 but i know her , i could never forget her face , my mother , evelyn eaton . 
 `` tobias , '' she breathes , wide-eyed , like she 's as stunned by me as i am by her , but that 's impossible . 
 she knew i was alive , but i remember how the urn containing her ashes looked as it stood on my father 's mantel , marked with his fingerprints . 
 i remember the day i woke to a group of grave-faced abnegation in my father 's kitchen , and how they all looked up when i entered , and how marcus explained to me , with sympathy i knew he did n't feel , that my mother had passed in the middle of the night , complications from early labor and a miscarriage . 
 she was pregnant ? 
 i remember asking . 
 of course she was , son . 
 he turned to the other people in our kitchen . 
 just shock , of course . 
 bound to happen , with something like this . 
 i remember sitting with a plate full of food , in the living room , with a group of murmuring abnegation around me , the whole neighborhood packing my house to the brim and no one saying anything that mattered to me . 
 `` i know this must be ... alarming for you , '' she says . 
 i hardly recognize her voice ; it 's lower and stronger and harder than in my memories of her , and that 's how i know the years have changed her . 
 i feel too many things to manage , too powerfully to handle , and then suddenly i feel nothing at all . 
 `` you 're supposed to be dead , '' i say , flat . 
 it 's a stupid thing to say . 
 such a stupid thing to say to your mother when she comes back from the dead , but it 's a stupid situation . 
 `` i know , '' she says , and i think there are tears in her eyes , but it 's too dark to tell . 
 `` i 'm not . '' 
 `` obviously . '' 
 the voice coming from my mouth is snide , casual . 
 `` were you ever even pregnant ? '' 
 `` pregnant ? 
 is that what they told you , something about dying in childbirth ? '' 
 she shakes her head . 
 `` no , i was n't . 
 i had been planning my exit for months-i needed to disappear . 
 i thought he might tell you when you were old enough . '' 
 i let out a short laugh , like a bark . 
 `` you thought that marcus eaton would admit that his wife left him . 
 to me . '' 
 `` you 're his son , '' evelyn says , frowning . 
 `` he loves you . '' 
 then all the tension of the past hour , the past few weeks , the past few years builds inside me , too much to contain , and i really laugh , but it comes out sounding strange , mechanical . 
 it scares me even though i 'm the one doing it . 
 `` you have a right to be angry that you were lied to , '' she says . 
 `` i would be angry , too . 
 but tobias , i had to leave , i know you understand why ... . '' 
 she reaches for me , and i grab her wrist , push her away . 
 `` do n't touch me . '' 
 `` all right , all right . '' 
 she puts her palms up and backs away . 
 `` but you do understand , you must . '' 
 `` what i understand is that you left me alone in a house with a sadistic maniac , '' i say . 
 it looks like something inside her is collapsing . 
 her hands fall to her sides like two weights . 
 her shoulders slump . 
 even her face goes slack , as it dawns on her what i mean , what i must mean . 
 i cross my arms and put my shoulders back , trying to look as big and strong and tough as possible . 
 it 's easier now , in dauntless black , than it ever was in abnegation gray , and maybe that 's why i chose dauntless as a haven . 
 not out of spite , not to hurt marcus , but because i knew this life would teach me a stronger way to be . 
 `` i - '' she starts . 
 `` stop wasting my time . 
 what are we doing here ? '' 
 i toss the crumpled note on the ground between us and raise my eyebrows at her . 
 `` it 's been seven years since you died , and you never tried to do this dramatic reveal before , so what 's different now ? '' 
 at first she does n't answer . 
 then she pulls herself together , visibly , and says , `` we-the factionless-like to keep an eye on things . 
 things like the choosing ceremony . 
 this time , our eye told me that you chose dauntless . 
 i would have gone myself , but i did n't want to risk running into him . 
 i 've become ... kind of a leader to the factionless , and it 's important that i do n't expose myself . '' 
 i taste something sour . 
 `` well , well , '' i say . 
 `` what important parents i have . 
 i 'm so very lucky . '' 
 `` this is n't like you , '' she says . 
 `` is even a part of you happy to see me again ? '' 
 `` happy to see you again ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` i barely remember you , evelyn . 
 i 've almost lived as long without you as i did with you . '' 
 her face contorts . 
 i wounded her . 
 i 'm glad . 
 `` when you chose dauntless , '' she continues slowly , `` i knew it was time to reach out to you . 
 i 've always been planning to find you , after you chose and you were on your own , so that i could invite you to join us . '' 
 `` join you , '' i say . 
 `` become factionless ? 
 why would i want to do that ? '' 
 `` our city is changing , tobias . '' 
 it 's the same thing max said yesterday . 
 `` the factionless are coming together , and so are dauntless and erudite . 
 sometime soon , everyone will have to choose a side , and i know which one you would rather be on . 
 i think you can really make a difference with us . '' 
 `` you know which one i 'd rather be on . 
 really , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm not a faction traitor . 
 i chose dauntless ; that 's where i belong . '' 
 `` you are n't one of those mindless , danger-seeking fools , '' she snaps . 
 `` just like you were n't a suffocated stiff drone . 
 you can be more than either , more than any faction . '' 
 `` you have no idea what i am or who i can be , '' i say . 
 `` i was the first-ranked initiate . 
 they want me to be a dauntless leader . '' 
 `` do n't be naive , '' she says , narrowing her eyes at me . 
 `` they do n't want a new leader ; they want a pawn they can manipulate . 
 that 's why jeanine matthews frequents dauntless headquarters , that 's why she keeps planting minions in your faction to report on their behavior . 
 you have n't noticed that she seems to be aware of things she has no right to be aware of , that they keep shifting dauntless training around , experimenting with it ? 
 as if the dauntless would ever change something like that on their own . '' 
 amar told us the fear landscapes did n't usually come first in dauntless initiation , that it was something new they were trying . 
 an experiment . 
 but she 's right ; the dauntless do n't do experiments . 
 if they were really concerned with practicality and efficiency , they would n't bother teaching us to throw knives . 
 and then there 's amar , turning up dead . 
 was n't i the one who accused eric of being an informant ? 
 have n't i suspected for weeks that he was still in touch with the erudite ? 
 `` even if you 're right , '' i say , and all the malicious energy has gone out of me . 
 i move closer to her . 
 `` even if you 're right about dauntless , i would never join you . '' 
 i try to keep my voice from wavering as i add , `` i never want to see you again . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you , '' she says quietly . 
 `` i do n't care what you believe . '' 
 i move past her , toward the stairs i climbed to get up to the platform . 
 she calls after me , `` if you change your mind , any message given to one of the factionless will go to me . '' 
 i do n't look back . 
 i run down the stairs and sprint down the street , away from the platform . 
 i do n't even know if i 'm moving in the right direction , just that i want to be as far away from her as possible . 
 i do n't sleep . 
 i pace my apartment , frantic . 
 i pull the remnants of my abnegation life out of my drawers and dump them in the trash , the ripped shirt , the pants , the shoes , the socks , even my watch . 
 at some point , around sunrise , i hurl the electric shaver against the shower wall , and it breaks into several pieces . 
 an hour after daybreak , i walk to the tattoo parlor . 
 tori is already there-well , `` there '' might be too strong a word , because her eyes are swollen from sleep and unfocused , and she 's just started on her coffee . 
 `` something wrong ? '' 
 she said . 
 `` i 'm not really here . 
 i 'm supposed to go for a run with bud , that maniac . '' 
 `` i 'm hoping you 'll make an exception , '' i say . 
 `` not many people come in here with urgent tattoo requests , '' she says . 
 `` there 's a first time for everything . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 she sits up , more alert now . 
 `` you have something in mind ? '' 
 `` you had a drawing in your apartment when we walked through it a few weeks ago . 
 it was of all the faction symbols together . 
 still have it ? '' 
 she stiffens . 
 `` you were n't supposed to see that . '' 
 i know why i was n't supposed to see it , why that drawing is n't something she wants made public . 
 it suggests leanings toward other factions instead of asserting dauntless supremacy , like her tattoos are supposed to . 
 even established dauntless members are worried about seeming dauntless enough , and i do n't know why that is , what kind of threats are leveled at people who could be called `` faction traitors , '' but that 's exactly why i 'm here . 
 `` that 's sort of the point , '' i say . 
 `` i want that tattoo . '' 
 i thought of it on the way home , while i was cycling through what my mother said , over and over again . 
 you can be more than either , more than any faction . 
 she thought that in order to be more than any faction , i would have to abandon this place and the people who have embraced me as their own ; i would have to forgive her and let myself be swallowed by her beliefs and her lifestyle . 
 but i do n't have to leave , and i do n't have to do anything i do n't want to do . 
 i can be more than any faction right here in dauntless ; maybe i already am more , and it 's time to show it . 
 tori looks around , her eyes jumping up to the camera in the corner , one i noticed when i walked in . 
 she is the type who notices cameras , too . 
 `` it was just a stupid drawing , '' she says loudly . 
 `` come on , you 're clearly upset-we can talk about it , find something better for you to get . '' 
 she beckons me to the back of the parlor , through the storage room behind it , and into her apartment again . 
 we walk through the dilapidated kitchen to the living room , where her drawings are still stacked on the coffee table . 
 she sorts through the pages until she finds a drawing like the one i was talking about , the dauntless flames being cupped by abnegation hands , the amity tree roots growing beneath an erudite eye , which is balanced under the candor scales . 
 all the faction symbols stacked on top of each other . 
 she holds it up , and i nod . 
 `` i ca n't do this in a place that people will see all the time , '' she says . 
 `` that 'll make you a walking target . 
 a suspected faction traitor . '' 
 `` i want it on my back , '' i say . 
 `` covering my spine . '' 
 the hurts from my last day with my father are healed now , but i want to remember where they were ; i want to remember what i escaped for as long as i live . 
 `` you really do n't do things halfway , do you . '' 
 she sighs . 
 `` it 'll take a long time . 
 several sessions . 
 we 'll have to do them in here , after hours , because i 'm not going to let those cameras catch it , even if they do n't bother to look in here most of the time . '' 
 `` fine , '' i say . 
 `` you know , the kind of person who gets this tattoo is probably the kind that should keep it very quiet , '' she says , looking at me from the corner of her eye . 
 `` or else someone will start thinking they 're divergent . '' 
 `` divergent ? '' 
 `` that 's a word we have for people who are aware during simulations , who refuse categorization , '' she says . 
 `` a word you do n't speak without care , because those people often die in mysterious circumstances . '' 
 she has her elbows resting on her knees , casual , as she sketches the tattoo i want on transfer paper . 
 our eyes meet , and i realize : amar . 
 amar was aware during simulations , and now he 's dead . 
 amar was divergent . 
 and so am i. `` thanks for the vocabulary lesson , '' i say . 
 `` no problem . '' 
 she returns to her drawing . 
 `` i 'm getting the feeling you enjoy putting yourself through the wringer . '' 
 `` so ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` nothing , it 's just a pretty dauntless quality for someone who got an abnegation result . '' 
 her mouth twitches . 
 `` let 's get started . 
 i 'll leave a note for bud ; he can jog alone just this once . '' 
 maybe tori is right . 
 maybe i do enjoy putting myself `` through the wringer '' ; maybe there is a masochistic streak inside me that uses pain to cope with pain . 
 the faint burning that follows me to my next day of leadership training certainly makes it easier to focus on what i 'm about to do , instead of on my mother 's cold , low voice and the way i pushed her away when she tried to comfort me . 
 in the years after her death , i used to dream that she would come back to life in the middle of the night and run a hand over my hair and say something comforting but nonsensical , like `` it will be all right '' or `` it will get better someday . '' 
 but then i stopped allowing myself to dream , because it was more painful to long for things and never get them than to deal with whatever was in front of me . 
 even now i do n't want to imagine what reconciling with her would be like , what having a mother would be like . 
 i 'm too old to hear comforting nonsense anymore . 
 too old to believe that everything will be all right . 
 i check the top of the bandage that protrudes over my collar to make sure it 's secure . 
 tori outlined the first two symbols this morning , dauntless and abnegation , which will be larger than the others , because they are the faction i chose and the faction i actually have aptitude for , respectively-at least , i think i have aptitude for abnegation , but it 's hard to be sure . 
 she told me to keep them covered . 
 the dauntless flame is the only symbol that shows with my shirt on , and i 'm not in the position to remove my shirt in public very often , so i doubt that will be a problem . 
 everyone else is already in the conference room , and max is speaking to them . 
 i feel a kind of reckless weariness as i walk through the door and take my seat . 
 evelyn was wrong about quite a few things , but she was n't wrong about the dauntless-jeanine and max do n't want a leader of dauntless , they want a pawn , and that 's why they 're selecting from the youngest of us , because young people are easier shaped and molded . 
 i will not be molded and shaped by jeanine matthews . 
 i will not be a pawn , not for them and not for my mother and not for my father ; i will not belong to anyone but myself . 
 `` nice of you to join us , '' max says . 
 `` did this meeting interrupt your sleep ? '' 
 the others titter with laughter , and max continues . 
 `` as i was saying , today i would like to hear your thoughts about how to improve dauntless-the vision you have for our faction in the coming years , '' he says . 
 `` i 'll be meeting with you in groups by age , the oldest first . 
 the rest of you , think of something good to say . '' 
 he leaves with the three oldest candidates . 
 eric is right across from me , and i notice that he has even more metal in his face than the last time i saw him-now there are rings through his eyebrows . 
 soon he 's going to look more like a pincushion than a human being . 
 maybe that 's the point-strategy . 
 no one looking at him now could ever mistake him for being erudite . 
 `` do my eyes deceive me , or are you really late because you were getting a tattoo ? '' 
 he says , pointing to the corner of the bandage that 's visible just over my shoulder . 
 `` lost track of time , '' i say . 
 `` a lot of metal appears to have attached itself to your face recently . 
 you may want to get that checked out . '' 
 `` funny , '' eric says . 
 `` was n't sure someone with your background could ever develop a sense of humor . 
 your father does n't seem like the type to allow it . '' 
 i feel a stab of fear . 
 he 's dancing awfully close to saying my name in front of this room full of people , and he wants me to know it-he wants me to remember that he knows who i am , and that he can use it against me whenever he pleases . 
 i ca n't pretend that it does n't matter to me . 
 the power dynamic has shifted , and i ca n't make it shift back . 
 `` i think i know who told you that , '' i say . 
 jeanine matthews knows both my name and my alias . 
 she must have given him both . 
 `` i was already fairly sure , '' he says in a low voice . 
 `` but my suspicions were confirmed by a credible source , yes . 
 you are n't as good at keeping secrets as you think , four . '' 
 i would threaten him , tell him that if he reveals my name to the dauntless , i 'll reveal his lasting connections to erudite . 
 but i do n't have any evidence , and the dauntless dislike abnegation more than erudite anyway . 
 i sit back in my chair to wait . 
 the others file out as they 're called , and soon we 're the only ones left . 
 max makes his way down the hallway , then beckons to us from the door , without a word . 
 we follow him back to his office , which i recognize from yesterday 's footage of his meeting with jeanine matthews . 
 i use my memory of that conversation to steel myself against what 's coming next . 
 `` so . '' 
 max folds his hands on his desk , and again i 'm struck by how strange it is to see him in such a clean , formal environment . 
 he belongs in a training room , hitting a bag , or next to the pit , leaning over the railing . 
 not sitting at a low wooden table surrounded by paper . 
 i look out the windows of the pire at the dauntless sector of the city . 
 a few yards away i can see the edge of the hole i jumped into when i first chose dauntless , and the rooftop that i stood on just before that . 
 i chose dauntless , i told my mother yesterday . 
 that 's where i belong . 
 is that really true ? 
 `` eric , let 's begin with you , '' max says . 
 `` do you have ideas for what might be good for dauntless , moving forward ? '' 
 `` i do . '' 
 eric sits up . 
 `` i think we need to make some changes , and i think they should start during initiation . '' 
 `` what kind of changes do you have in mind ? '' 
 `` dauntless has always embraced a spirit of competition , '' eric says . 
 `` competition makes us better ; it brings out the best , strongest parts of us . 
 i think initiation should foster that sense of competition more than it currently does , so that it produces the best initiates possible . 
 right now initiates are competing only against the system , striving for a particular score in order to move forward . 
 i think they should be competing against each other for spots in dauntless . '' 
 i ca n't help it ; i turn and stare at him . 
 a limited number of spots ? 
 in a faction ? 
 after just two weeks of initiation training ? 
 `` and if they do n't get a spot ? '' 
 `` they become factionless , '' eric says . 
 i swallow a derisive laugh . 
 eric continues , `` if we believe that dauntless truly is the superior faction to join , that its aims are more important than the aims of other factions , then becoming one of us should be an honor and a privilege , not a right . '' 
 `` are you kidding ? '' 
 i say , unable to contain myself any longer . 
 `` people choose a faction because they value the same things that faction values , not because they 're already proficient in what a faction teaches . 
 you 'd be kicking people out of dauntless just for not being strong enough to jump on a train or win a fight . 
 you would favor the big , strong , and reckless more than the small , smart , and brave-you would n't be improving dauntless at all . '' 
 `` i 'm sure the small , smart ones would be better off in erudite , or as little gray-clad stiffs , '' eric says with a wry smile . 
 `` and i do n't think you 're giving our potential new dauntless members enough credit , four . 
 this system would favor only the most determined . '' 
 i glance at max . 
 i expect him to look unimpressed by eric 's plan , but he does n't . 
 he 's leaning forward , focused on eric 's pierced face like something about it has inspired him . 
 `` this is an interesting debate , '' max says . 
 `` four , how would you improve dauntless , if not by making initiation more competitive ? '' 
 i shake my head , looking out the window again . 
 you are n't one of those mindless , danger-seeking fools , my mother said to me . 
 but those are the people eric wants in dauntless : mindless , danger-seeking fools . 
 if eric is one of jeanine matthew 's lackeys , then why would jeanine encourage him to propose this kind of plan ? 
 oh . 
 because mindless , danger-seeking fools are easier to control , easier to manipulate . 
 obviously . 
 `` i would improve dauntless by fostering true bravery instead of stupidity and brutality , '' i say . 
 `` take out the knife throwing . 
 prepare people physically and mentally to defend the weak against the strong . 
 that 's what our manifesto encourages-ordinary acts of bravery . 
 i think we should return to that . '' 
 `` and then we can all hold hands and sing a song together , right ? '' 
 eric rolls his eyes . 
 `` you want to turn dauntless into amity . '' 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` i want to make sure we still know how to think for ourselves , think about more than the next surge of adrenaline . 
 or just think , period . 
 that way we ca n't be taken over or ... controlled from the outside . '' 
 `` sounds a little erudite to me , '' eric says . 
 `` the ability to think is n't exclusive to erudite , '' i snap . 
 `` the ability to think in stressful situations is what the fear simulations are supposed to develop . '' 
 `` all right , all right , '' max says , holding up his hands . 
 he looks troubled . 
 `` four , i 'm sorry to say this , but you sound a little paranoid . 
 who would take us over , or try to control us ? 
 the factions have coexisted peacefully for longer than you 've been alive , there 's no reason that 's going to change now . '' 
 i open my mouth to tell him he 's wrong , that the second he let jeanine matthews get involved in the affairs of our faction , the second he let her plant erudite-loyal transfers into our initiation program , the second he started consulting with her on who to appoint as the next dauntless leader , he compromised the system of checks and balances that has allowed us to coexist peacefully for so long . 
 but then i realize that to tell him those things would be to accuse him of treason , and to reveal just how much i know . 
 max looks at me , and i read disappointment in his face . 
 i know that he likes me-likes me more than eric , at least . 
 but my mother was right yesterday-max does n't want someone like me , someone who can think for himself , develop his own agenda . 
 he wants someone like eric , who will help him establish the new dauntless agenda , who will be easy to manipulate simply because he 's still under the thumb of jeanine matthews , someone with whom max is closely aligned . 
 my mother presented me with two options yesterday : be a pawn of dauntless , or become factionless . 
 but there 's a third option : to be neither . 
 to align myself with no one in particular . 
 to live under the radar , and free . 
 that 's what i really want-to shed all the people who want to form and shape me , one by one , and learn instead to form and shape myself . 
 `` to be honest , sir , i do n't think this is the right place for me , '' i say calmly . 
 `` i told you when you first asked me that i 'd like to be an instructor , and i think i 'm realizing more and more that that 's where i belong . '' 
 `` eric , will you excuse us , please ? '' 
 max says . 
 eric , barely able to suppress his glee , nods and leaves . 
 i do n't watch him go , but i would bet all my dauntless credits that there 's a little skip in his step as he walks down the hallway . 
 max gets up and sits next to me , in the chair eric just vacated . 
 `` i hope you 're not saying this because i accused you of being paranoid , '' max says . 
 `` i was just concerned about you . 
 i feared that the pressure was getting to you , making you stop thinking straight . 
 i still think you 're a strong candidate for leadership . 
 you fit the right profile , you 've demonstrated proficiency with everything we 've taught you-and beyond that , quite frankly , you 're more likable than some of our other promising candidates , which is important in a close working environment . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i say . 
 `` but you 're right , the pressure is getting to me . 
 and the pressure if i was actually a leader would be much worse . '' 
 max nods sadly . 
 `` well . '' 
 he nods again . 
 `` if you 'd like to be an initiation instructor , i will arrange that for you . 
 but that 's seasonal work-where would you like to be placed for the rest of the year ? '' 
 `` i was thinking maybe the control room , '' i say . 
 `` i 've discovered that i enjoy working with computers . 
 i do n't think i would enjoy patrolling nearly as much . '' 
 `` okay , '' max says . 
 `` consider it done . 
 thank you for being honest with me . '' 
 i get up , and all i feel is relief . 
 he seems concerned , sympathetic . 
 not suspicious of me or my motives or my paranoia . 
 `` if you ever change your mind , '' max says , `` please do n't hesitate to tell me . 
 we could always use someone like you . '' 
 `` thank you , '' i say , and even though he 's the worst faction traitor of anyone i 've met , and probably responsible at least in part for amar 's death , i ca n't help but feel a little grateful to him for letting me go so easily . 
 eric is waiting for me around the corner . 
 as i try to walk past him , he grabs my arm . 
 `` careful , eaton , '' he murmurs . 
 `` if anything about my involvement with erudite escapes you , you wo n't like what happens to you . '' 
 `` you wo n't like what happens to you , either , if you ever call me by that name again . '' 
 `` soon i 'm going to be one of your leaders , '' eric says , smirking . 
 `` and believe me , i am going to keep a very , very close eye on you and how well you implement my new training methods . '' 
 `` he does n't like you , you know that ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` max , i mean . 
 he 'd rather have anyone else but you . 
 he 's not going to give you more than an inch in any direction . 
 so good luck with your short leash . '' 
 i wrench my arm from his grasp and walk toward the elevators . 
 `` man , '' shauna says . 
 `` that is a bad day . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 she and i are sitting next to the chasm with our feet over the edge . 
 i rest my head against the bars of the metal barrier that 's keeping us from falling to our deaths , and feel the spray of water against my ankles as one of the larger waves hits a wall . 
 i told her about my departure from leadership training , and eric 's threat , but i did n't tell her about my mother . 
 how do you tell someone that your mother came back from the dead ? 
 all my life , someone has been trying to control me . 
 marcus was the tyrant of our house , and nothing happened without his permission . 
 and then max wanted to recruit me as his dauntless yes-man . 
 and even my mother had a plan for me , for me to join up with her when i reached a certain age to work against the faction system that she has a vendetta against , for whatever reason . 
 and just when i thought that i had escaped control altogether , eric swooped in to remind me that if he became a dauntless leader , he would be watching me . 
 all i have , i realize , are the small moments of rebellion i 'm able to manage , just like when i was in abnegation , collecting objects i found on the street . 
 the tattoo that tori is drawing on my back , the one that might declare me to be divergent , is one of those moments . 
 i 'll have to keep looking for more of them , more brief moments of freedom in a world that refuses to allow it . 
 `` where 's zeke ? '' 
 i say . 
 `` i do n't know , '' she says . 
 `` i have n't wanted to hang out with him much recently . '' 
 i look sideways at her . 
 `` you could just tell him that you like him , you know . 
 i honestly do n't think he has a clue . '' 
 `` that 's obvious , '' she says , snorting . 
 `` but what if this is what he wants-to just bounce around from girl to girl for a while ? 
 i do n't want to be one of those girls he bounces to . '' 
 `` i seriously doubt you would be , '' i say , `` but fair enough . '' 
 we sit quietly for a few seconds , both of us staring down at the raging water below . 
 `` you 'll be a good instructor , '' she says . 
 `` you were really good at teaching me . '' 
 `` thanks . '' 
 `` there you are , '' zeke says from behind us . 
 he 's carrying a large bottle full of some kind of brown liquid , holding it by the neck . 
 `` come on . 
 i found something . '' 
 shauna and i look at each other and shrug , then follow him to the doors on the other side of the pit , the ones we first went through after jumping into the net . 
 but instead of leading us toward the net , he takes us through another door-the lock is taped down with duct tape-and down a pitch-black corridor and a flight of stairs . 
 `` should be coming up-ouch ! '' 
 `` sorry , i did n't know you were stopping , '' shauna says . 
 `` hold on , almost got it - '' he opens a door , letting faint light in so we can see where we are . 
 we 're on the other side of the chasm , several feet above the water . 
 above us , the pit seems to go on forever , and the people milling around near the railing are small and dark , impossible to distinguish from this distance . 
 i laugh . 
 zeke just led us into another small moment of rebellion , probably without meaning to . 
 `` how did you find this place ? '' 
 shauna says with obvious wonder as she jumps down onto one of the lower rocks . 
 now that i 'm here , i see a path that would carry us up and across the wall , if we wanted to walk to the other side of the chasm . 
 `` that girl maria , '' zeke says . 
 `` her mom works in chasm maintenance . 
 i did n't know there was such a thing , but apparently there is . '' 
 `` you still seeing her ? '' 
 shauna asks , trying to be casual . 
 `` nah , '' zeke says . 
 `` every time i was with her i just kept getting the itch to be with friends instead . 
 that 's not a good sign , right ? '' 
 `` no , '' shauna agrees , and she seems more cheerful than before . 
 i lower myself more carefully onto the rock shauna is standing on . 
 zeke sits next to her , opening his bottle and passing it around . 
 `` i heard you 're out of the running , '' zeke says when he passes it to me . 
 `` thought you might need a drink . '' 
 `` yeah , '' i say , and then i take a swig . 
 `` consider this act of public drunkenness a big - '' he makes an obscene gesture toward the glass ceiling above the pit . 
 `` you know , to max and eric . '' 
 and evelyn , i think , as i take another swallow . 
 `` i 'll be working in the control room when i 'm not training initiates , '' i say . 
 `` awesome , '' zeke says . 
 `` it 'll be good to have a friend in there . 
 right now no one talks to me . '' 
 `` sounds like me in my old faction , '' i say with a laugh . 
 `` imagine an entire lunch period in which no one even looks at you . '' 
 `` ouch , '' zeke says . 
 `` well , i bet you 're glad to be here now , then . '' 
 i take the bottle from him again , drink another mouthful of stinging , burning alcohol , and wipe my mouth with the back of my hand . 
 `` yeah , '' i say . 
 `` i am . '' 
 if the factions are deteriorating , as my mother would have me believe , this is not a bad place to watch them fall apart . 
 at least here i have friends to keep me company while it happens . 
 it 's just after dark , and i have my hood up to hide my face as i run through the factionless area of the city , right by the border it shares with the abnegation sector . 
 i had to go to the school to get my bearings , but now i remember where i am , and where i ran , that day that i barged into a factionless warehouse in search of a dying ember . 
 i reach the door i walked through when i exited , and tap on it with my first knuckle . 
 i can hear voices just beyond it and smell food coming from one of the open windows , where smoke from the fire within is leaking into the alley . 
 footsteps , as someone comes to see what the knocking is about . 
 this time the man is wearing a red amity shirt and black dauntless pants . 
 he still has a towel tucked into his back pocket , the same as the last time i spoke to him . 
 he opens the door just enough to look at me , and no farther . 
 `` well , look who made a change , '' he said , eyeing my dauntless clothes . 
 `` to what do i owe this visit ? 
 did you miss my charming company ? '' 
 `` you knew my mother was alive when you met me , '' i say . 
 `` that 's how you recognized me , because you 've spent time with her . 
 that 's how you knew what she said about inertia carrying her to abnegation . '' 
 `` yeah , '' the man said . 
 `` did n't think it was my business to be the one to tell you she was still alive . 
 you here to demand an apology , or something ? '' 
 `` no , '' i say . 
 `` i 'm here to hand off a message . 
 you 'll give it to her ? '' 
 `` yeah , sure . 
 i 'll be seeing her in the next couple days . '' 
 i reach into my pocket and take out a folded piece of paper . 
 i offer it to him . 
 `` go ahead and read it , i do n't care , '' i say . 
 `` and thanks . '' 
 `` no problem , '' he says . 
 `` want to come in ? 
 you 're starting to seem more like one of us than one of them , eaton . '' 
 i shake my head . 
 i make my way back down the alley , and before i turn the corner , i see him opening up the note to read what it says . 
 evelyn , someday . 
 not yet . 
 -4 p.s. i 'm glad you 're not dead . 
