 i grew up in a small house in a lower-class neighborhood , just my dad and me . 
 my old man worked a blue-collar job with shit benefits . 
 i ca n't complain too much though , because i never went hungry and always had a roof over my head . 
 no , my dad did n't hug me every night or read bedtime stories by the glow of a nightlight , but he fed me , clothed me , and did n't knock me around . 
 that 's more than some of my friends had , so i was grateful . 
 i had n't known then , growing up , that there was anything more in life to want . 
 i was fifteen when my father left just after dinner to buy a pack of cigarettes . 
 he never came home . 
 my dad was shot in a convenience store parking lot after he gave the wrong guy the wrong look . 
 he walked down to get some smokes and did n't take his wallet , just five bucks for the cheapest pack he could get . 
 he was shot at point-blank range , no cigarettes or money found on his person . 
 he was listed as a john doe at the morgue . 
 there was no burial and no identity when he moved from this life to the next . 
 i was on my own for a week before anyone realized i was alone . 
 i was smart enough to keep my mouth shut , to get up and go to school every day . 
 i figured i had at least three or four months before a bill collector came knocking , but the nosy bitch across the street had n't seen the old man in a week and was `` worried . '' 
 that 's when i began my life in the system . 
 it 's not like on tv ; when you 're an orphan in an after school special , they ship your ass off to a relative and everyone lives happily ever after . 
 in real life , though , if you do n't have family that wants you - or family at all , you become a ward of the state . 
 sure , they have foster homes and pretend families that some kids get to live with , but there are a shit-ton of homeless kids and few foster families available . 
 many foster parents are in it for the money , so they are n't exactly the best option , either . 
 typically , you 're stuck in a group home with other kids in the same messed up situation as you and a revolving door of caregivers . 
 however , i had a bed to sleep in , clothes on my back , and i was not a victim of abuse . 
 it was n't all that different from living with my dad . 
 at eighteen , children 's services kicked my ass out . 
 there were lots of kids to take care of and not a lot of money . 
 luckily , i 'd gotten a job at a grocery store as a bag boy at sixteen and began saving . 
 i was n't stupid or naive enough to think the state was going to take care of me forever . 
 i was fortunate enough to have graduated from high school before i got the boot ; some kids had to worry about finishing school in addition to being homeless . 
 my father told me many times i could n't depend on anyone but myself , and i never realized how right he was before the day i was truly on my own . 
 with my savings in hand and a promotion to stock-boy , i got my first place . 
 it was the cheapest place i could find in a neighborhood without bars on the windows . 
 it was small and dirty , but it was mine . 
 there were n't gunshots whizzing by my windows or the sounds of screaming every night , so i was n't about to look a gift horse in the mouth . 
 my life has n't changed much in the past three years . 
 i get up every morning , walk to the grocery store , clock in , work a ten hour shift , clock out , come home , mind my own business , and do it again the next day . 
 i do n't have friends because they create lots of complications and drama . 
 i spend my time at work smiling at the customers and doing my job . 
 co-workers ask me out from time to time , but the truth is i do n't have extra money to have a few beers with the guys or take a girl on a date . 
 i 'm always careful with my rejection . 
 there 's no sense in hurting anyone 's feelings when it 's not necessary . 
 plus , it would lead to questions i 'm not willing to answer . 
 i 'm sitting alone at my thrift store kitchen table , staring down at a day-old cookie . 
 it 's my twenty-first birthday today . 
 i do n't have any plans , and there are no cards in my mailbox . 
 i 'm having dessert for breakfast , a treat to myself , and i 'm thankful for what little i have . 
 it 's sad as hell , but i do n't have any candles so i light a match and jam it in the middle of the damn cookie . 
 i do n't even make a wish before i blow out the tiny flame so it does n't burn down and ruin my treat . 
 no sooner than the flame 's gone out , there 's a knock at my door . 
 i look at my dollar store wall clock and see it 's only nine . 
 i ca n't imagine who would be at my door this early on a saturday morning . 
 most of my neighbors sleep in after a late friday night . 
 even though i 'm twenty-one , i tend to think of myself as more mature than most people my age , so when i open the door and see a girl , petite and fragile in appearance , i automatically think she 's young . 
 she may even be my age , maybe younger , but my experience makes me feel like i 'm over thirty , so she seems like a girl to me . 
 she 's standing there smiling as if she does n't have a care in the world , obviously not knowing people around here do n't smile . 
 i peer at her through the ripped screen of my front door as the heat and humidity of the day filters in . 
 i 'm staring , which is something i do n't make a habit of . 
 eye contact typically invites people into conversations , and i 'm not a fan of chit-chat . 
 i stand in the doorway with an awkward pause , like i 'm unfamiliar with waving as an appropriate means to say hello . 
 my pause before i answer her is a pace too long , and the situation is somewhat uncomfortable as i stand there waiting for her to offer up more information . 
 more importantly , i want to know why she 's knocking on my door , and i hope it 's not so we can get to know each other . 
 since several more seconds pass without further exchange , i finally cave in and offer myself up . 
 `` hey , i 'm ethan , '' i say wanting to keep it simple . 
 i do n't want to get sucked into a conversation with her , but i do n't want to be rude , either . 
 she can tell i 'm a little put out with her presence , so she gets right to the point . 
 the last thing i need is an overly perky neighbor who thinks we 're `` pals . '' 
 `` sorry , i was just having trouble getting a window open . 
 it 's going to be a hot one , you know , and i do n't have the electricity turned on yet . 
 they want some freaking deposit since i do n't have a credit history . 
 it 's like , ` hello , i 'm living in a crappy house , in a crappy neighborhood . 
 if i had good credit , i would n't be living here . ' 
 anyway , i want to get the window open to get air moving through , and i think it 's painted shut . 
 i do n't want to be all ` damsel in distress , ' but i ca n't pry the darn thing open ... '' my thoughts trail off and i realize this is the most anyone has said to me in years . 
 perky girl is still talking , but i 'm continuously distracted by her mere presence and the fact that her chest spills over the top of her tank . 
 she 's pretty cute , but i try not to dwell on her appearance as lustful thoughts wo n't lead anywhere good . 
 `` so you think you could come help me ? '' 
 i know i missed some information in there , but i 'm not going to ask for clarification or for her to repeat it . 
 `` sure , no problem . '' 
 i follow behind her , but at a safe distance . 
 i do n't want the offer of my help and me being polite to some girl mistaken for flirting . 
 it sounds conceited , but it 's happened before . 
 it 's better not to give them any sense of false hope . 
 i mind my own business and live my life ; today will be no exception . 
 she shows me the window in question , and sure enough , it 's painted shut . 
 i roll my eyes at the incredibly inept and lazy maintenance people for doing a half-assed paint job . 
 `` um , i 'll be right back . 
 i 'll have to get something to cut this open . '' 
 i turn to head out her front door , but she stops me . 
 `` oh , wait . 
 like a box cutter ? 
 i have one of those . 
 i think the maintenance people left it here by mistake . '' 
 she rummages in a kitchen drawer then presents me with a paint covered box knife . 
 as i work the window , she asks me several questions related to the area . 
 my answers are succinct since i 'm not really receptive to the getting-to-know-you game . 
 the `` twenty questions '' moderator does n't get the hint though , and keeps on with the game . 
 `` so , how long have you lived here ? '' 
 `` a few years . '' 
 `` do you know many of the neighbors ? '' 
 `` i do n't talk to the neighbors much , so i do n't know anything about them . '' 
 i 'm hopeful my continued shortness helps her get the hint that i 'm not interested in a conversation . 
 `` wow , you 're pretty quiet , huh ? '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 `` so , what do you do for fun ? '' 
 i 'm caught off guard by her question . 
 i ca n't recall when i 've had fun , so i 'm not sure how to respond . 
 i stand up straight , rolling my shoulders back and craning my neck in a stretch , attempting to buy a little time for my answer . 
 while i do n't particularly care what this girl thinks of me , i do n't want to come off like a total loser , either . 
 `` look , i 'm sorry , '' she says . 
 `` i did n't mean to pry . 
 i 've bothered you enough this morning . 
 you 've been so nice , helping me out and all . 
 i 'm gon na ... '' she trails off and i go back to working the window , popping it open a few seconds later . 
 `` i 'll see you around , '' i tell her , raising the window to its fully open state . 
 she quickly dismisses me with another small wave , and i leave to go back to my own little corner of the earth . 
 despite the fact that i 've been in her unit for less than five minutes , it does n't escape my notice that there 's no furniture or a tv , just a mattress on the floor of her bedroom . 
 maybe the moving truck with her stuff has n't arrived yet , i think to myself . 
 in the back of my mind , i know there is n't more stuff coming . 
 people like us do n't have stuff or the need for moving trucks . 
 i 'm lying in bed , thinking about the stupid question she asked me . 
 `` what do you do for fun ? '' 
 how could such a simple question send me into a tailspin ? 
 that 's when i hear a whimper . 
 it 's been a while since anyone 's lived next door , and the last guy who lived there was never home , so i 'm used to quiet . 
 the walls are thin in apartments like this , cheaply built and economically priced rental units . 
 much expense was spared in their construction . 
 i 'm certain we share no more than a few two-by-fours and two slabs of sheetrock as the wall . 
 it does n't provide any more privacy than that found between bedrooms in the same home instead of two separate residences . 
 i turn my head , thinking it will improve my ability to discern what i think i 'm hearing . 
 it does n't , but then i hear muted sobbing . 
 that can only mean one thing - new neighbor girl is crying . 
 i turn away , wanting the sound to stop ; i do n't want to be involved . 
 the next morning shows no signs of life from my neighbor , but that 's no surprise . 
 the noise coming from her side of the duplex kept me up well into the night , so i 'm sure she 's sleeping in . 
 i , on the other hand , take part in my free exercise routine - running . 
 i do this early in the morning for two reasons : one , i avoid those who may feel the need to hassle me for money . 
 they are not early risers , as hassling is a mid-morning and post-lunch activity . 
 two , it gets hot as fuck here in the summer , and running in 105 degree temperatures is just stupid . 
 i crest the hill on my street , nearly completing my three miles , and see her setting out the trash . 
 new girl is looking around nervously , probably in hopes of going undetected since she 's barely dressed in her tiny shorts and tank top . 
 it 's not leaving a whole hell of a lot to the imagination , and my mind wanders as i catch a glimpse at her ass . 
 i see her throw a couple of empty boxes to the curb then turn and rush inside . 
 i 'm close enough that i can see the blackened bottoms of her feet as she scurries inside , then wonder how often she goes without shoes . 
 a few days pass before i see her again as i return from my run . 
 this time she 's leaving a few plastic grocery sacks out for the trash . 
 once again , she 's dressed in the same tank and shorts she wore on sunday . 
 after my cool down stretch , i make my way inside and gather my things to shower . 
 only then does it occur to me that i have n't heard the water turn on in neighbor girl 's unit at any point since she moved in , not even a toilet flush . 
 the only sound i hear from her side of the wall is the crying each night . 
 i recall her statement about not having electricity . 
 i 'm guessing she does n't have the water turned on yet , either . 
 a knot forms in my stomach . 
 do n't get involved . 
 keep things simple . 
 take care of yourself ! 
 i ca n't help it and walk out my door , knocking on hers seconds later . 
 it takes a moment before i realize i 'm only wearing my shorts , but it 's too late . 
 she opens the door a crack and eyes me . 
 `` ethan , '' she greets , and then opens the door a little wider , looking around cautiously . 
 `` emily , right ? '' 
 `` yeah . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 she 's smiling again , just like when we met . 
 `` i noticed that you , um ... do n't have electricity yet , and you do n't have water either , huh ? '' 
 she bites the inside of her cheek nervously . 
 `` no . '' 
 her reply is so small , just like she is , and i can tell she 's embarrassed . 
 `` come on , '' i say , motioning for her to follow me . 
 `` you can shower and wash your clothes at my place . 
 i pay a flat fee for the water , so you using it wo n't cost me any more money . '' 
 do n't get involved . 
 keep things simple . 
 take care of yourself ! 
 `` i ca n't tell you how much i appreciate this , ethan . '' 
 she 's wrapped tightly in one of my towels , and i feel a. . . 
 stirring . 
 i wonder if she understands she 's half-naked in front of a stranger . 
 i try not to be obvious in my perusal of her form ; her body is small , but her tits are high , round , and a little large for her frame , though no complaints . 
 i briefly wonder what her nipples look like , and lick my lips but catch myself before my ogling turns creepy . 
 `` it 's no problem , '' i answer hastily , refusing to look further at her . 
 i stop short before making my next statement . 
 no matter how much i tell myself to mind my own business , i ca n't seem to help dispensing advice . 
 `` you know , you ca n't live without utilities , emily . '' 
 i wonder where this girl comes from that she thinks living with no water or electricity is n't a problem ; my level of concern is now elevated a notch or two . 
 `` i know , but - '' she stops herself . 
 `` yeah , i know . '' 
 i have this feeling that there 's something off here , and i ca n't ignore the fact she seems to be without essentials . 
 `` i typically shower in the morning , so if you want to come over at night and shower until you get the utilities turned on , that 's cool . '' 
 i turn away , wanting to give her privacy to dress because she needs to get dressed ; i need her to get dressed . 
 `` so like , what do you do all day ? '' 
 i can hear the snap of the elastic on her panties against her hip as she finishes putting them on . 
 shit , these duplex units are too small ! 
 or is my hearing that good ? 
 i ca n't help the thoughts that run through my head . 
 thinking about her body is a complication i do not need or want . 
 however , chiding myself does n't stop me from picturing the slight curve of her hips , her shapely thighs , or perfectly muscled backside . 
 `` i go to work , '' i snap , feeling guilty . 
 seconds later , her voice is right behind me . 
 `` oh yeah ? 
 where do you work ? '' 
 her tone is light and her remark impulsive . 
 `` i need to get a job . '' 
 i turn so we 're face to face and she can see my eyes . 
 sometimes , emotion seeps out through the eyes . 
 i do n't want her to see any vulnerability in mine . 
 once you 're seen as weak , people are quick to take advantage . 
 `` i work down at the grocery store . '' 
 she smiles and looks down . 
 she does n't want me to see her eyes . 
 `` that 's really close , so i could walk there . 
 you think they 're hiring ? '' 
 `` do n't know . '' 
 i have to keep it uncomplicated . 
 expanding on my answers will only lead to divulging more than i intend to offer . 
 we stare at each other for a few more seconds before i break the silence . 
 `` well , i - '' `` oh gosh , i 'm sorry . 
 i 've done it again . 
 you must have to get ready for your day . 
 i come barging in here and ruin your routine ! '' 
 `` it 's fine ; i just have to take a cold shower before work . '' 
 the words are heavy in the air . 
 they are n't meant as they sound as i 'm sure she 's used all the hot water in the small hot water tank , but after thinking about her showering and changing in my bathroom , perhaps a cold shower for another reason is n't a bad idea . 
 `` yeah , okay . 
 i 'll see you later . '' 
 great ... now , she thinks i 'm a pervert . 
 i do n't see her for two days ... and for 48 hours , i worry . 
 - do n't get involved . 
 keep things simple . 
 take care of yourself ! 
 damn it ! 
 it 's 10 p.m. , and i ca n't stand it anymore . 
 i know something is n't right . 
 no utilities , no furniture , wears the same clothes , and i can hear her . 
 i hear the sobbing every night through the thin-ass sheetrock . 
 `` emily , '' i say in a slightly raised voice . 
 fucking non-existent walls . 
 `` yeah ? '' 
 she sniffles . 
 `` can i come over ? '' 
 the pause seems to go on forever before she answers . 
 it 's a `` yes '' mingled with sobs . 
 do n't get involved . 
 keep things simple . 
 take care of yourself ! 
 it 's too late ... i sit on the edge of her mattress not knowing what to do . 
 `` thanks for coming over . 
 nights ... they 're the hardest . '' 
 `` emily ? 
 what 's going on ? 
 tell me the truth . 
 i 'm not going to rat you out or anything . '' 
 i chance a look at her face and the fear is evident . 
 i refuse to focus on her in her thread bare tank and panties . 
 `` you 're not renting this place , are you ? '' 
 i surmise aloud . 
 i think i 've known this for some time but just did n't want to admit it . 
 admitting it makes it real . 
 making it real means i 'm stuck ; i ca n't walk away now , realizing what i know . 
 `` please ! 
 please do n't tell anyone ! '' 
 she 's frantic , on the edge of mania . 
 i scoot closer in hopes of easing her . 
 not too long after i moved into my first group home , the baseball my father gave me when i was seven , got stolen . 
 it was one of the few personal items i owned . 
 a staff from the group home tried to comfort me when i discovered it was missing by hugging me and patting my hair . 
 i attempt to mimic the same gestures for emily , because it 's the only comfort i know . 
 she clings to me like a lost swimmer gripping a buoy in an endless sea . 
 finally , she quiets and the knot in my stomach comes back . 
 i know i have to find out what 's really going on . 
 i need to press her for more information since it seems i 'm intent on helping her . 
 we sit in silence for quite some time , and i can tell she 's nervous about telling me what 's going on . 
 i do n't want to force her . 
 when she 's ready , she 'll let me know . 
 as i wait , i realize it 's the first quiet night i 've had since she moved in . 
 i really do n't want to make assumptions because things are n't always what they appear . 
 however , as i sit playing protector to this girl , scenarios run rampant through my mind . 
 she has very few clothes . 
 irregular bathing does not bother her . 
 she is careful , but trusting - not at all shy . 
 she 's young and alone ; she has no furniture and no utilities . 
 all evidence points to her being parentless and homeless . 
 i can relate . 
 do n't get involved . 
 keep things simple . 
 take care of yourself ! 
 _ do n't get involved . 
 keep things simple . 
 take care of yourself ! 
 _ do n't get involved . 
 keep things simple . 
 take care of yourself ! 
 _ no matter how many times i recite the mantra in my head , it 's useless . 
 this life is n't suited to girls who are alone , no matter how equipped they are to deal with the shit life flings at them . 
 women are taken advantage of in the blink of an eye when the opportunity is given . 
 i make a mental note to be sure emily does n't suffer the same fate , particularly by my hand . 
 i 'm sitting on emily 's mattress , my head against our shared wall . 
 she 's leaning into my side , quiet , in what i hope is peaceful sleep . 
 after thinking this situation over for a while i shake my head , realizing i 've already talked myself into this , into helping emily ; i find it nearly impossible not to now . 
 eventually , i drift off with determination and the realization i 've opened a big-assed can of worms ... for both of us . 
 hours later , my inner alarm clock wakes me . 
 there is a little drool on my shoulder and it 's kind of gross . 
 i lay homeless girl down on her bare mattress and make note to bring over an extra set of sheets . 
 who knows where she even got the mattress ? 
 i 'm sure it 's infested with who-knows-what . 
 i may be poor , but i like clean . 
 there are some things that should n't be bought in used condition . 
 shoes , underwear , and mattresses quickly spring to mind . 
 during my run , i think about the upheaval i 'm getting myself into , and the reality of the situation is weighing heavily upon me . 
 as a kid , i was lucky enough to be moved to a safe place where all my basic needs were met . 
 i never had to fend for myself in the physical sense ; emotionally , though ? 
 that was another story . 
 i run an extra two miles trying to process everything . 
 i decide this is my chance to pay it forward . 
 i ignore my mantra as it only serves to confuse me further at this point . 
 the fact remains i 've already gotten involved , and i try to rationalize how much trouble one small girl can really be . 
 part of me feels like it 's none of my business what her personal situations is , but if i 'm going to help her , then i want some basic information . 
 she does n't have to tell me her life story , but i need to know her circumstances . 
 after i get home from work and knock on the bedroom wall , i chuckle to myself thinking it may as well be a shower curtain for all the privacy the thin , flimsy wall provides . 
 i yell , telling homeless neighbor girl i 've ordered pizza and she should come join me for dinner . 
 `` you 're the best ! 
 i ca n't believe you got us pizza ! '' 
 she wo n't stop gushing about how nice i am or how `` awesome '' the pizza is . 
 when she came over , she looked a bit skeptical , like she wondered what i wanted from her in return , but i did n't even want to think about what that might mean . 
 food , clothes , shelter . 
 that 's all ... as we eat , i try to think of the best way to bring up her state of affairs . 
 i find that being direct is the best solution . 
 i watch as she inhales her third slice of pizza , i rationalize i need to start referring to emily by name . 
 calling her homeless girl and neighbor girl is n't helpful for either of us . 
 i need to see her as a meaningful person , not a ` problem from next door ' . 
 emily needs to hear her name , if for nothing else , so she knows she exists . 
 `` so , i have a couple questions . 
 i 've been thinking about this since last night , '' i pause making sure she is receptive to my inquiry . 
 she nods indicating her permission . 
 `` question number one : where are your parents ? '' 
 she eyes me quickly , and then takes a bite of pizza , chewing slowly . 
 she 's stalling . 
 `` i do n't know my dad , and my mom passed away recently , '' she says quietly . 
 i take her answer at face value because i know how difficult the loss of a parent is . 
 `` where were you living before ? '' 
 this time she 's a little quicker to answer . 
 `` we lived in shelters for a while . 
 then my mom got sick . '' 
 she takes another bite of her dinner then continues . 
 `` i know how things work . 
 since i 'm almost eighteen , there is n't too much the state will do for me . 
 i would live in a home for a few months then get tossed out on the street . 
 i figured i might as well get a jump on living , you know ? '' 
 i wonder how she 's able to be so light-hearted about this . 
 emily 's smiling which she tends to do on a regular basis . 
 this girl - almost woman - has had some terrible circumstances , yet almost every time i see her , her smile brightens the room . 
 i find her positive outlook on life is rubbing off on me . 
 `` my next question was your age , but you 've already answered that . 
 when do you turn eighteen ? '' 
 `` in a month , '' she replies . 
 i take several minutes to think about the information she 's just told me while finishing my own slice of pizza . 
 living in a shelter would explain her lack of inhibition . 
 there is no such thing as privacy when you live with fifty other people . 
 she 's used to being watched . 
 `` hey , i went to the grocery store you work at today and filled out an application . 
 i looked for you , but you must have been on break or something . '' 
 i just nod ; i do n't need this complication spilling over to my work . 
 as soon as i think it , though , i regret the thought . 
 i ca n't think of emily as a complication . 
 `` they said they were n't hiring right now , but will let me know if something comes up . 
 on my way home i stopped at the convenience store on jamison . 
 i found out they are hiring , so if the grocery does n't work out , i could do that instead , '' she finishes , and then takes a fourth slice of pizza . 
 i know my face pales , and she does n't have a clue why . 
 i have no idea how to tell this girl i do n't even really know , occasionally uses my shower , and who i just referred to as a complication , that i do n't want her to work in a convenience store because dad was shot in the parking lot of a 7-eleven . 
 we spend a quiet , comfortable evening and i ca n't help watching emily for most of it . 
 it 's obvious she has n't seen television in a while because she 's mesmerized . 
 we are watching some cajun cooking show on public access , but to see it through her eyes , it 's like we are watching the most fascinating show known to man . 
 `` i put a little mo ' wine in here , maybe a little mo ' wine fo ' me , '' the host says in a creole southern drawl . 
 `` oh my gosh ! 
 ethan , he is so funny ! ' 
 i gar-un-tee ' ! '' 
 she laughs as she mimics the chef , and i ca n't help the smile that cracks across my face . 
 she could let the world swallow her whole with the weight of her situation , but she does n't . 
 instead she carries on , seemingly carefree , laughing at the talkative old cook with the gift of gab . 
 `` emily ? '' 
 she glances over at me , still laughing at the tv . 
 it 's the moment i know i 'm making the right decision . 
 i take a deep breath , ready to lay things on the line . 
 `` hang on ! 
 he 's going to tell a story about squirrel hunting ! 
 this 'll be good ! '' 
 emily says with enthusiasm . 
 while i really need to get my thoughts out , i ca n't deny her this moment . 
 it 's so pure , so i decide to indulge her for the final five minutes of the show . 
 as the cookin ' cajun finishes , emily focuses her attention on me . 
 `` you wanted to talk about something ? '' 
 the light and sparkle in her eyes is amazing . 
 she looks happy and carefree instead of nervous . 
 she seems to assume the best of every situation . 
 given the circumstances , you 'd think she would be nervous , but instead , she acts as though we 're going to talk about whether she 'll make oatmeal or chocolate chips cookies next . 
 i suddenly feel something i have n't felt in a very long time : content . 
 `` yeah , '' i begin , though i 'm not sure why i 'm nervous , other than the fact she may say no . 
 she may refuse my help . 
 she may tell me to mind my own business , that she does n't need anyone to look after her , but i have to try . 
 `` i want you to stay here . '' 
 her mouth drops open , but no sound comes out . 
 `` with me , '' i finish . 
 i 'm not sure whether her speechlessness is a result of shock or horror . 
 i decide to play it safe with more justification . 
 `` you ca n't squat next door . 
 it 's not safe , it 's illegal , and you do n't need any hassles from the cops . '' 
 she sits for a moment with her eyes trained on her hands while her fingers twist with each other on her lap . 
 her hair is frizzy from the humidity , and despite having it pulled back , there are tiny tendrils sticking up forming an angelic halo around her face . 
 after a few moments , she finally speaks . 
 `` so , what do you want in return ? '' 
 what ? 
 i 'm fully aware she has no money , so why would she think i would want her to pay - i 'm not even finished with my own thought when i realize she 's not talking about monetary payment . 
 nothing is ever free , and she thinks i want her in return for providing food and shelter . 
 the thought strips me down to the core . 
 `` no ! '' 
 i shout unnecessarily , but i ca n't help it . 
 i do not want that ! 
 she 's hiding her face , but i can see her scrunching her eyes closed . 
 i take a breath to calm down and explain myself . 
 `` no , '' i start again , much calmer than before . 
 `` i do n't want anything from you , emily . 
 i want to help you . 
 i know how ... '' i stop and take a deep breath . 
 i need her to understand where i 'm coming from . 
 `` i know how hard this situation can be . '' 
 she flinches and snaps her head up to look me in the eye . 
 `` you do n't want ... you know , then ? '' 
 she gestures between us to further her point . 
 lie . 
 `` no . 
 the last thing i want is for you to be taken advantage of . '' 
 while the thought of being with her physically is an attractive offer , i would never want it under that set of circumstances . 
 i know how easy it is to become a target when you 're young and in need . 
 `` but , why ? 
 everyone wants something , ethan . 
 there has to be something you want from me . 
 i mean , it 's okay if you want ... you know ... '' her cheeks flame red as she says this . 
 god , she 's so naive she ca n't even say the word `` sex . '' 
 it only solidifies my decision that i 'm doing the right thing , but she 's right . 
 people always want something in return , so i will have to give her a reason why i do n't want anything from her . 
 i have to be honest with her and let her know that i 'm all too familiar with her situation . 
 after four months , i continue to be astonished by what emily can do with a dented , often label-less , can . 
 she says it 's all the julia child reruns on pbs , but i do n't care who 's to credit . 
 dinner is on the table every night with mismatched plates and silverware , and our economy paper towels are always folded into decorative shapes . 
 it has n't escaped my notice at how much i enjoy seeing our laundry mingled together , either . 
 the bottom line for me is that she makes even this place seem like home . 
 after emily agreed to move in with me - which was no small feat - it took a month until she stopped knocking , then cracking the door and yelling , `` ethan ? '' 
 before she would enter through the front door . 
 it was as if she thought i would get mad if she did n't practice her self - imposed ritual . 
 while her discomfort with calling this her home still lingers , it 's just the tip of the iceberg concerning our ... issues . 
 initially , she 'd been particularly insistent about getting a job and wanting to help financially . 
 i had n't argued , thinking she was nearly done , if not completely finished , with school . 
 i had n't bother to ask what her status was , figuring she was old enough to make that decision herself . 
 so , it was with eagerness that i helped her look for a job . 
 one roadblock was her lack of identification . 
 employers want an id , but of course , emily did n't have any . 
 we spent an entire day at city hall getting the required documentation and social security card , so we could then go to the dmv . 
 that was the day i found out she was barely old enough for a driver 's permit - let alone a driver 's license . 
 emily insisted she was nearly eighteen when we met , but i found out she was n't even close . 
 shock did n't even begin to explain what i felt at the revelation of her real age . 
 she had n't lied about when her birthday was ; it was a month after she moved in , as she 'd first said . 
 however , she was turning sixteen , not eighteen . 
 while i was monumentally upset by her deception , i got it . 
 she was living with the fear of being herded into a state system that could feel like you were being fed to the wolves . 
 i could n't really blame her . 
 after i got over my initial anger about her lie and the additional guilt of some of the inappropriate things i may have fantasized about her , i realized emily missed the milestone of sweet sixteen . 
 i remembered a co-worker talking about her sister 's sixteenth birthday and the excitement that went along with the momentous occasion . 
 emily insisted she did n't want anything special and maintained that by finding me , she 'd already received more than she ever hoped for after her mother 's passing . 
 the celebratory sad-assed cookie i had on my twenty-first birthday came to mind . 
 i instantly knew it was n't good enough for emily , so i went into work and ordered the most extravagant and girly cake our bakery had - regardless of the fact it was almost forty bucks , my usual weekly food budget . 
 her reaction to the cake was like a kick to the stomach . 
 when i brought it home , emily cried , explaining that even her mother had never gotten her a cake since cake was n't something you buy on a strict budget . 
 that was the moment i decided emily would never go without again . 
 knowing that cake was so special made it all the more enjoyable when i ate it every meal the week that followed . 
 `` ethan , go wash your hands please . 
 dinner is ready . '' 
 it never fails . 
 the girl can literally watch me walk from the bathroom , knowing i 've just scrubbed up , but she will still tell me to wash again , and i will . 
 i know that she 's tied to the routine , not really the cleanliness factor . 
 many who have been in a homeless situation will cling to routines for the comfort and solace they bring . 
 we sit and eat in silence for the first few minutes of the meal . 
 it 's always balanced , particularly since she 's taking a health class this semester and preaches the benefits of healthy eating habits and exercise . 
 sometimes it makes me laugh because she sounds just like one of those infomercials she occasionally watches in the middle of the night after she 's had a bad dream . 
 there are times i think it 's more than just nightmares , though , when she wakes at night . 
 she carries a lot of guilt around with her given our situation . 
 emily feels like she should contribute to the household with money . 
 i feel like she needs to be in school , getting an education . 
 even though legally she could drop out , i 'm constantly reiterating that school is her job , and there will be plenty of time for her to contribute in the future when she 's a full-fledged taxpayer . 
 `` hey , ethan ? '' 
 emily asks cautiously , while pushing her cube steak around on the plate . 
 i 'm a bit nervous since she says it with hesitance . 
 she hardly asks for anything , and when she does , she makes it seem like she 's about to ask for a million dollars , but it 's usually something small and relatively insignificant . 
 this time , though , the accompanying look on her face indicates this is n't simple . 
 i put my fork down and look up , giving her my full attention . 
 `` so , christmas is coming . '' 
 i inwardly groan , not because she 's brought it up , but because i participate in as little of the holiday cheer as possible . 
 it 's been awhile since i 've celebrated the birth of christ , mainly because i do n't believe in god . 
 realistically , i see the holiday as an opportunity to earn extra money as i work all the shifts so everyone else can spend time with their families . 
 i try to dislodge my anxiety about the topic but it does n't work . 
 the holidays are about commercialism and consumerism . 
 plus , i ca n't afford to buy gifts . 
 `` yeah , i usually work christmas . 
 i get double time . '' 
 my dinner still sits heavy in the pit of my stomach . 
 i know i should give her a special day . 
 `` oh . '' 
 now i feel like a jerk who 's robbed her of the magic of christmas . 
 `` like all day or just part ? '' 
 `` the store is open from seven until two , then closing early . '' 
 i know why she 's asking , but it does n't keep me from playing stupid . 
 `` why ? 
 what 's up ? '' 
 emily finally stops pushing her battered piece of meat around on the plate and looks up . 
 `` i was thinking ... and you do n't have to ... it 's just something that ... i mean , you can , but if it makes you uncomfortable ... '' i finally stop her rambling by touching her hand . 
 my hope is that she will refocus her thoughts with my unexpected gesture . 
 i 'm successful . 
 emily sits up a little straighter , squares her shoulders , and wipes her mouth with her paper towel-slash-napkin . 
 `` i want to spend christmas at the shelter . 
 you know ... it 's the last place i was with my mom . '' 
 for the second time since she came into my life , emily and i walk away from the gale street shelter . 
 after making the trip with her last year , which was her first christmas without her mom , i know how important `` giving back '' really is especially where emily is concerned . 
 i ca n't help but glance over at her as we make the journey home . 
 this girl - woman - has been part of my life for 487 days , give or take a few hours . 
 as i look back now , i realize i 'm keeping track because the day i met emily was the day i began to live , a rebirth in the form of a brunette angel who 's never asked for anything , yet i ca n't help giving her everything i can . 
 the past year has been filled with much patience and restraint on my part . 
 as i realize emily is still a child in the eyes of the law , i struggle to keep my mind on a virtuous path . 
 sometimes i swear she 's torturing me . 
 this morning she decided to get a drink of orange juice after taking a shower but before getting dressed . 
 she says she likes the taste of orange juice while the mint of the toothpaste lingers . 
 i walked out of the bedroom , and there 's emily ... bending over ... reaching for juice ... in a towel . 
 and because i 'm frugal , our towels are cheap and on the small side . 
 i think she knows she 's torturing me when she stands there , flexing her leg . 
 i leave the house without my lunch or coat in haste to escape . 
 i do n't want to continue down this path with my thoughts . 
 i 've made a vow to myself that my relationship with emily will remain chaste , but it does n't mean i do n't have to redirect my thoughts on a consistent basis . 
 i 'm only human . 
 on my way to work i make a mental note to save some money so i can buy her a robe ... with full coverage . 
 the temperature has dropped since our arrival at the shelter this morning , so we walk quickly . 
 this is our christmas tradition now . 
 emily asked that we visit last year as a way to remember her mother . 
 now , i see how lucky we truly are with what we have . 
 there are so many who have nothing . 
 our home may lack many of the modern conveniences and technological advances of most , but we are healthy , bellies full , and we have a roof over our heads . 
 helping to serve dinner and visit with the shelter patrons is a way for emily and me to pay it forward . 
 we do n't exchange expensive gifts . 
 instead , i always get her a new kitchen gadget from the dollar store , and she always bakes me butterscotch cookies . 
 it 's not much , but it 's meaningful and the only thing that counts to us . 
 as my arm swings with the rhythm of my feet , i brush emily 's fingers with my own . 
 it 's an innocent accident , though the sudden warmth in my chest is anything but . 
 i 'm not sure how much longer i 'll be able to keep up this ruse , playing her brotherly protector . 
 while emily has never spoken about boys in her class or voiced interests of the romantic sort , i know it 's inevitable . 
 she has blossomed into a beautiful creature who has no idea of the devastation her beauty wreaks upon me and , surely , the boys around her . 
 her smile is infectious , and it 's only a matter of time before a suitor comes knocking at our door . 
 i kind of feel sorry for the poor boy , as my first time meeting him will most likely be ugly . 
 i 'm a fierce guardian where emily is concerned , not just because it 's my duty to protect her but because seeing emily with another guy will end me . 
 i want to reach out and take her hand in mine as we walk , but i do n't . 
 i have calculated the difference in our ages . 
 five years does n't seem all that much when she is twenty and i 'm twenty-five . 
 however , she is seventeen and still a minor , which is the only important difference , no matter how hard my libido begs to differ . 
 i have to prepare for her to have romantic feelings for someone her own age , not a twenty-two year-old guy who has to act like her older brother . 
 sisters rarely hold hands with their brothers . 
 `` why do n't you go out on dates ? '' 
 emily suddenly asks in the middle of new year 's day dinner . 
 she insists on serving black-eyed peas because they are lucky if you eat them on the first day of the year . 
 they taste like shit , but as usual , i humor her by eating them . 
 `` huh ? '' 
 i stall . 
 she 's familiar with my deliberate stall tactic and narrows her eyes at me . 
 `` i 've never seen you with a woman . '' 
 she pauses , like she 's unsure how to broach the next part . 
 `` i mean , you 're a good looking guy . 
 there have to be opportunities for you to go out ... '' she stops and takes a deep breath as if preparing herself for my answer . 
 `` uhhh ... '' yep . 
 `` never mind , ethan . 
 i can tell it 's not a topic you want to talk about . '' 
 with that , she leaves the table and her half-eaten plate and heads for the bedroom , one of her only options for privacy . 
 the door closes and i 'm left feeling more confused than ever . 
 i 'm learning that girls are confusing , especially where emily is concerned . 
 `` happy anniversary ! '' 
 emily yells at me as i exit the bathroom having just completed my morning ritual . 
 she 'd be disgusted if she knew everything it entailed , not to mention the full coverage robe i was supposed to buy , which means emily still walks around in tiny towels . 
 of course , i spend extra time in the shower stroking out my morning wood so that i 'm able to have some semblance of decency the rest of the day . 
 walking around with an emily induced boner would certainly make our situation uncomfortable . 
 while the topic of dating and relationships has n't been broached since january , that does n't mean it has gone away . 
 instead , it 's been the elephant in the room for eight long months . 
 `` is there an anniversary song ? '' 
 emily asks jokingly . 
 `` there 's one for birthdays . '' 
 she starts singing happy birthday , replacing `` birthday '' with `` anniversary . '' 
 i ca n't help but smile given the joy the woman before me holds for the simplest of things . 
 `` it 's two years today , ethan ; two years ago you came over and opened my window , two years since you recognized i was alone and in need . 
 two years ago you opened your home and heart to a perfect stranger . '' 
 when she says heart quieter than the rest , mine skips a beat . 
 her voice wavers at the end of her speech , indicating tears are about to follow . 
 i reach out to her , pull her into me , and hold her tightly as she surrenders to the sadness . 
 this is the only touch i 'm allowed - the only appropriate embrace . 
 looking in the mirror , i see a man whose extraordinarily proud . 
 while i may not be the mama bird watching her baby bird fly from the nest , there is still pride deep in my chest . 
 emily graduates today from high school . 
 it 's an accomplishment , which given the circumstances , is astounding . 
 today is special , and it 's the first time i 've ever worn a tie , so i check it one last time . 
 my tie is n't the only surprise i have for emily today . 
 i purchased my very first car this morning , and i plan to drive emily to her graduation in a 1998 toyota corolla . 
 it belonged to margie , my boss , but her husband bought her a new one . 
 he sold me the corolla with 160,000 miles at an unreasonably low price . 
 i 'd say he was giving me a bit of charity , but no matter , it 's mine . 
 mine and emily 's . 
 `` get-out ! '' 
 emily shouts moments later as she looks at the champagne colored car parked on the street and then back at me . 
 her mouth is hanging open , unsure of what to say . 
 `` come on ; get in . 
 we have a graduation to get to . '' 
 `` your brother is way hot , '' i hear the blonde say . 
 emily does n't respond , but another high-pitched voice does . 
 `` that 's not her brother , you clueless bitch . '' 
 emily told me about this once , where females call each other names as terms of endearment , but i do n't get it . 
 if one of the guys at the store called me a bastard or asshole , i 'd punch his face , endearment aside . 
 `` gretchen ... '' i hear emily plead . 
 `` please do n't . '' 
 `` what ? 
 he 's not - which , of course begs the question , why are n't you bangin ' his brains out , little emily evans ? '' 
 truth be told , i want to know emily 's response . 
 it 's not like i have n't thought about it a thousand times , but i 'm curious to know if she thinks about it too . 
 `` i have to - '' then i hear footsteps rapidly retreating . 
 i decide to make myself known and walk out of the hallway where i 've been hiding since the conversation seems to be over . 
 `` hey , ethan , you just missed emily . '' 
 the blonde motions down the hall in the direction emily went . 
 i follow . 
 the sound hits me immediately as i near a classroom with an open door . 
 thankfully , it 's a sound i have n't heard for a while , but hearing it now cuts me like a hot knife through cold butter . 
 `` emily ? '' 
 i call to her as i enter the nearly empty room . 
 the desks and chairs are stacked , waiting patiently for another round of students in the fall . 
 emily looks up , red-faced and glassy-eyed . 
 she regards me for a moment , then bursts into another round of sobs . 
 for a second , i think about how ugly crying is . 
 i think emily is beautiful , but the way her face contorts ... it 's just so unattractive . 
 this crying mess in front of me does n't look like emily at all . 
 then the few remaining scraps of humanity i think i have left kick in , and those superficial and negative thoughts float away . 
 all i 'm seeing now is my emily in pain - and i want to make it stop . 
 i go to her as fast as my legs can carry me and take her in my arms , holding her close . 
 we 've only embraced a few times , but for me , it 's special every time . 
 after several minutes , emily has calmed and she raises her head to look at me . 
 her eyes are clear now , and as she gazes into my eyes , i think about how beautiful she is . 
 it 's all i can do not to place my lips over hers . 
 we 're so close that just a few inches forward would connect us . 
 i want her so much sometimes it 's hurts . 
 but that 's not meant to be , and my sinful thoughts have to remain hidden . 
 `` ethan , i have to tell you something . 
 well , ask you something , really . 
 i mean i 'm going to tell you something , but then i 'm going to - '' i cut her off by placing my hand gently over her mouth . 
 she rambles when she 's nervous , plus my hand will keep me from kissing her . 
 `` deep breath , '' i coach her and myself . 
 after a few relaxing sighs , i encourage her to start again . 
 `` you can tell me anything , emily . 
 i 'm here for you . 
 you can trust me . '' 
 but never in a million years would i expect what she says next . 
 `` ethan , i love you . '' 
 the words are ringing in my ears : `` i love you . '' 
 it occurs to me i may have misheard . 
 it 's the only possible explanation . 
 `` so , you 're okay ? 
 do n't listen to those girls , emily . '' 
 i 'll just pretend those three little words are n't hanging in the air - regardless of whether they were actually said . 
 `` ethan , did you hear what i just said ? '' 
 what do i say ? 
 i have no idea how to approach this , so i just stare at her wide-eyed . 
 after a few moments , i feel warmth creeping up my thigh and realize its emily 's hand . 
 at first , it 's an attempt to get my attention , but as her hand ascends , i realize the intent is not so innocent . 
 `` we have to go . 
 it 's time to go , '' i say , stilted , like rain man talking about his kmart underwear . 
 i grip the steering wheel for dear life because if i do n't , the car and my life will go careening into the abyss . 
 i 've spent all this time convincing myself that emily and i could never be anything but friends . 
 knowing that she may feel the same about me as i feel about her will complicate things , and i suddenly feel trapped . 
 it 's so quiet as we drive , that i hear a small plinking that would go unnoticed otherwise , but as i near the duplex , the sound the car is making increases . 
 i briefly wonder if it 's because the plink is getting worse or the quiet is just so intense . 
 i make a mental note to find the origin of the plinking before putting too many more miles on the car . 
 i should be thinking about the woman sitting next to me and her recent declaration instead of small pings , but i 'm not ... i ca n't . 
 if i do ... no . 
 i ca n't think . 
 i 'm not even sure how i get here , but i 'm sitting in the middle of my bed , having an argument with myself . 
 it 's no surprise that i 'm winning . 
 `` she told you she loves you . '' 
 `` she says she loves to cook . 
 she loves lots of things . '' 
 `` she 's in there and you 're in here . '' 
 `` you really need to clean the ceiling fan blades . '' 
 i ca n't help but roll my eyes at myself . 
 when i finally exit my room , the apartment is dark and quiet . 
 emily is asleep on the couch with a tight grip on the blankets . 
 little does she know she 's gripping at my heart the same way . 
 the notebook on the side table catches my eye , and i ca n't help but snoop . 
 as i near it , i see there are several wads of paper strewn across the floor - discarded because they were n't perfect . 
 the top piece , still clinging to life in its spiral bindings , is flawless . 
 dear ethan - sitting down to write this , i 've never felt more like a young girl than i do right now . 
 for the past two years , i 've looked at you every day in hopes that someday - you 'd feel for me , what i feel for you . 
 but now i see that we perceive different things regarding our relationship . 
 maybe it could be classified on my part as hero worship , but i 'd like to think i 'm smarter than that . 
 i think i know the difference between infatuation and love . 
 i know there is a difference in our ages , but who cares ? 
 my heart has no idea how old your heart is . 
 i just know that if i do n't tell you , it will fester inside me , and i 'll die a slow painful death . 
 i 've only ever loved my mom and never really knew what it was like to care for another person until i met you . 
 i did n't fall in love with you that first day , but after many months of learning to appreciate your care and concern , i could see how kind your soul - your whole being is . 
 that 's when i knew another kind of love existed . 
 it is n't the type of love between family members , or a crush , but a true love that is unconditional and lasting , a love that i can no longer hide . 
 i know you probably do n't return these feelings , but i could n't go another second without you knowing . 
 i understand if it makes you uncomfortable , and i 'll find another place to live if you feel like we can no longer be friends . 
 love always , emily i tightly clutch the notebook page in my hand . 
 how can she do this to me ? 
 does n't she know what she 's done ? 
 no ... it 's not right . 
 not now , and without any further thoughts , i 'm out the door . 
 when i finally look at the clock , i notice it 's been seven hours since i ran out on emily and my feelings . 
 as i look out in front of me , the gray asphalt blurring with yellow and white lines , i make the decision to keep going . 
 i do n't want to be the one to ruin her . 
 no matter how far i drive , i come to the same conclusion over and over again . 
 i must have given emily some sign of my feelings for her . 
 it was never my intention . 
 i 'm a stock boy at a grocery store . 
 she needs someone to take care of her ... buy her all the things she 's never had . 
 she does n't need an orphaned schmuck with less money than common sense . 
 usually , forty-eight hours does n't seem like a whole lot . 
 however , it 's the longest i 've been away from emily in the time i 've known her . 
 it 's hard for me to believe i 've only known her such a short time because she 's my whole life . 
 how can your whole life be consumed by one person you have n't known your entire life ? 
 since i do n't know the answer to that , i keep driving . 
 it 's friday the 13th . 
 i had n't actually realized it until i stopped for gas , and the lady in front of me was writing a check . 
 she asked what the date was . 
 the attendant answered her in a gleeful , yet macabre tone . 
 can one celebrate friday the 13th ? 
 if today is the thirteenth though , that means i 've been sleeping in my car for six days . 
 six days without her beautiful eyes . 
 six days without hearing the slight lilt in her voice . 
 six days since she told me she loved me , and i left her - like a thief in the night . 
 six days of thinking about kissing , touching and holding emily . 
 it 's the only thing i 've thought about . 
 suddenly , it hits me : i know exactly what the raccoon from yesterday felt like as the wheels of the truck ahead of me rolled over him crushing him from the outside in . 
 i drive and ca n't help that my emotions are all over the place . 
 i 'm angry because i 've been living in exile from the one ... the one person who gives a shit whether i live or die ... i left her alone to fend for herself . 
 i take my rage out on the steering wheel before pulling over ; i need a minute to collect myself . 
 two minutes . 
 five ... it takes me half an hour before i 'm calm enough to continue driving , but i rush because i want to get back to her . 
 i want to touch her , be with her . 
 i realize how fundamentally wrong i 've been about my feelings for her . 
 while i thought i was doing what was best for emily , i never considered that i was really just protecting myself . 
 i had n't taken her feelings into account . 
 i had n't thought about what i was doing to her by leaving ... and in the same accord , making her declaration of love , trivial . 
 the anger fades and misery takes its place . 
 i 'm sad because i miss her . 
 i need her more than air . 
 i need air , and i need emily . 
 air is so much easier . 
 before long , fear sets in . 
 what if she is n't there when i get back ? 
 why would she be ? 
 i left her by herself for six days after i swore i 'd take care of her . 
 i think about what i did as i continue down the lonely stretch of highway . 
 i worked so hard to separate myself from the drama and emotions of everyday life realizing i have n't been living at all . 
 i think of all the time i 've wasted ; all the time i could have been with her - been with her ... her legs are bare and slender . 
 i imagine what 's just beyond the small rectangle of terry cloth . 
 her hair tickles the tops of her breasts , teasing me with what 's just beyond the knot of the towel . 
 one small flick and she 'd be naked before me , her body as fantastic as i 've always imagined . 
 my foot pushes a little harder on the accelerator as my frustration builds . 
 i 'm tired and feeling the effects of driving ten hours straight . 
 as i consider pulling over , the guilt seeps in again . 
 i 've already been away from her for too long . 
 i ca n't stand to be apart from emily any longer , but the seconds continue to tick by and i ca n't seem to get there fast enough . 
 i push on , despite being a danger to others on the road due to my exhaustion . 
 i see a gas station ahead , and force myself off the road and into the brightly lit convenience store . 
 after hours of lonesome interstate travel , the intense glow of the fluorescent lights hurts my eyes , and only serves to remind me of the dim nature of my existence without emily . 
 i make quick work of refueling the car and myself and then rejoin the blacktop . 
 finally , finally , i see the mile marker indicating my journey is almost over , an hour to go before i 'm back with emily . 
 anxiety weighs heavily on me because i think i could have gotten here faster ; what if she just left ? 
 what if she 's been waiting for the last week and that was her limit ? 
 i should n't have left in the first place . 
 i should have told her how i felt so we could be living a happily ever after . 
 regret wo n't change things , though . 
 it does n't serve any purpose now . 
 i pass the city limits sign , and a smile spreads across my face . 
 i 'm happy and hopeful . 
 a hundred and one scenarios play out in my head as to how emily will react when she sees me . 
 she throws open the screen door and rushes towards me . 
 i catch her in my arms and spin her around . 
 i tell her i love her and want to spend eternity with her . 
 she smiles and says she wants the same thing ... we barely make it to the bedroom before i fully make her mine ... i open the door and call her name but no one answers . 
 all her things are gone , and she 's nowhere to be found ... as i make my way up the walk , she stops me and tells me she does n't ever want to see me again . 
 that i broke her heart and i 'm a fuck-up she wants nothing to do with ... i 'm brought out of my thoughts as a car horn blares behind me . 
 dawn has broken and there is slight traffic moving about . 
 i 'm not sure how long i 've been sitting at the stop sign on the corner before the car behind me demands attention . 
 it 's now or never , and never is n't an option . 
 i stand at the door , my door - her door - ready to knock . 
 it occurs to me how odd this is ; i 'm about to knock on my own door . 
 suddenly , i 'm embarrassed . 
 i look down and my clothes are dirty and unkempt . 
 i smell - it 's been two days since i 've cleaned up at all . 
 how can i look her in the eye , kiss her lips , hug her body , when i look and smell like a homeless man ? 
 i am homeless , though . 
 without her , without her love and care and warm eyes , i 'm a man with a heart that has no home . 
 so i knock . 
 i knock , but there 's no answer . 
 i let myself in and i 'm immediately relieved to see emily 's things still around the house , including her bedding on the couch . 
 remorse creeps back into my chest as i think about the numerous times i 've tried to convince emily to take my room - my bed - but she never has . 
 i kneel down on the floor in front of the sofa to worship the scent lingering in the sheets . 
 she always smells like baby powder , the cheap off brand they sell at the dollar tree , but regardless of the price , it smells like heaven to me . 
 i close my eyes and enjoy her essence while also promising myself to buy her name-brand lotion . 
 no more generic . 
 the shouting startles me awake . 
 `` i do n't care ! 
 get the mother-fucking money . 
 i do n't pay you to lose my shit ! '' 
 then i hear the unmistakable sound of a fist meeting flesh . 
 my blood runs cold as i wonder if it 's emily next door . 
 the thought hits me like the fist from next door : what has she done to get money for herself ? 
 i 've had many neighbors while i 've lived here . 
 it 's to be expected , as the downtrodden are a transient population . 
 that unit was empty when ... when i left , so i had n't thought about a new tenant . 
 i also had n't figured on undesirables moving in . 
 i 'd never worried about my safety , but now i have to think of emily 's safety and protection . 
 this is no place for her . 
 i hear a feminine scream amid the sounds of skin being struck and i know it 's not my girl . 
 i know what her scream sounds like after a spider infestation and that 's not it . 
 it 's not emily . 
 `` get up , punta ! '' 
 i hear more ramblings and shouts in spanish ; the female cries in response . 
 all i can think is , thank god it 's not emily . 
 but it is someone - someone 's daughter , sister , or friend . 
 i do the only thing i can . 
 i call the police and let them handle it . 
 while i 've read heroic tales of men saving the day , it 's not safe or practical in this case . 
 it 's very likely that the monster next door has a weapon , and i 'm no good to protect emily if i 'm dead . 
 the cops come and go quickly . 
 the woman refuses to press charges , but the man is escorted off the property with a warning not to return . 
 he 'll be back , though . 
 they always are . 
 my thoughts drift to moving to a better neighborhood , but then i realize i may not have a job because i 'm a complete coward who left for a week without calling his boss ; it 'll be a miracle if i 'm not fired . 
 how will i take care of emily without a job ? 
 i 'm an idiot . 
 god , how did i fuck this up so badly ? 
 i dial margie 's number and her cheerful greeting relaxes me a bit . 
 `` hey , marge , it 's ethan . '' 
 `` well hey , sugarplum . 
 how was your vacation ? '' 
 she knows i was n't on vacation , and i try to discern if there is sarcasm in her voice , but i ca n't seem to detect any . 
 `` margie , i was n't on vacation . '' 
 `` sure you were , kid . 
 it 's on the schedule ; i approved it myself . 
 there 's paperwork and everything . 
 the owners are glad you finally took some time off . 
 you had more than three weeks coming to you . 
 it makes them nervous that you 've never taken a day off in five years . '' 
 i 'm confused and my silence must confirm this to my manager . 
 `` so , are you coming in tomorrow ? 
 i 'm down a cashier and could use ya . '' 
 cashier ? 
 i 'm a `` back of the house '' guy . 
 the `` make sure there 's always chips on the display '' guy ; low man on the grocery store food chain . 
 `` uhhhh ... '' is my incoherent reply . 
 `` it 's time you take on more responsibility , kiddo . 
 you have that pretty girl to take care of . '' 
 she knows . 
 she knows about emily . 
 how does she know ? 
 `` i 'll see you tomorrow , ethan . '' 
 i 'm left holding the phone wondering what the hell is going on . 
 so far i 've cleaned the bathroom , the oven , the refrigerator and vacuumed - twice . 
 it 's after nine and emily still has n't shown up . 
 i 'm starting to think that her things are simply a mirage , or maybe she just did n't want to carry a lot of junk with her . 
 maybe she 's staying with one of her school friends , and she did n't need her hygiene stuff . 
 maybe my earlier thought about what she would need to do for money was n't that far off the mark . 
 maybe she 's out doing something dangerous , or worse yet , something has already happened to her . 
 there 's no one but me to know she 's missing . 
 how long do i have to wait before i turn her in as a missing person ? 
 i know she has to be missing for at least twenty-four hours , but maybe she 's already been gone for a couple days . 
 oh , god - what if she 's hurt and lying somewhere . 
 maybe she only has minutes left and i ca n't get to her in time ... `` ow ! '' 
 i hit my head on the bottom shelf of the linen closet , cleaning the dried and caked shampoo from the floor when the sound of the door closing startles me . 
 `` emily ? '' 
 i hope it 's her . 
 if it 's not , i 'm going to call the cops and lie and tell them she 's been missing for days . 
 i hear the slapping of tennis shoes against the linoleum , then a thud on the carpet . 
 i turn and look down the hall to see a brown-haired beauty face down on the floor . 
 `` emily ? 
 are you okay ? '' 
 i almost - almost - laugh when she looks up at me with her hair tangled in her face . 
 `` ethan , it 's you ! 
 it 's really you ! '' 
 she scrambles the rest of the way to me on her knees , spitting her hair out of her mouth and hugging me tighter than i can ever remember . 
 her smile is brighter than a sunny day at the equator . 
 we settle on the couch , still holding on to each other . 
 i ca n't seem to let go . 
 i never want to let go . 
 `` where have you been ? '' 
 there does n't seem to be any anger in her tone . 
 how could she not be angry with me ? 
 i 'm ashamed at my answer . 
 `` i drove . 
 i did n't really go anywhere . 
 i was just running away , emily . '' 
 i hang my head , embarrassed that i do n't even have a good reason for leaving her . 
 `` i know it wo n't make any difference now because you probably hate me , but i love you too , emily . 
 i have since ... forever , and i 'm sorry i waited so long to tell you . 
 i should have said it to you a week ago instead of running away like the coward i am . 
 but , i ca n't hold back any longer without you knowing how i feel about you . 
 i 've never been in love before , but i 'm pretty sure this is what it feels like . 
 i ca n't think about anything else but you - how you laugh , the way you comb your hair , the way you smell right after the shower ... god ! '' 
 something stops my rambling , something soft , warm and moist . 
 emily 's lips are on mine and her arms are wrapped around my neck . 
 she 's kissing me , and i do n't ever want her to stop . 
 her mouth on mine is awesome ! 
 and i think about other things i want her to do with her mouth . 
 while there are a hundred synonyms for how kissing emily feels , the only thing in my head the at the moment is `` woo-hoo '' . 
 if i really think about what is actually happening , i 'll make her stop . 
 this is wrong - not the kissing part , but the part where she 's willing to forgive all my sins and just take me back without a second thought . 
 now that i 'm thinking about it ... damn it ! 
 now i 'm mad . 
 i pull away while her lips linger . 
 `` emily , '' i sigh , not really knowing where to start . 
 `` we have to talk about this , '' i motion between us . 
 she nods begrudgingly . 
 it 's written all over her face ; she thinks i 'm going to reject her again . 
 `` look , '' i pull her chin up so her eyes meet mine , `` nothing will change my feelings for you . 
 they have n't changed in the last few years , and they wo n't change in the next few , either . 
 what i have to know , though , is how you are feeling . '' 
 she starts shaking her head , telling me not to worry , but that 's precisely the problem . 
 she should be angry with me . 
 `` emily , you should be upset with me . 
 yell , scream , hit - anything to let me know how you feel ! '' 
 i 'm almost shouting near the end of my declaration . 
 i pull back and get myself in check before i completely lose it . 
 `` relieved . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 it 's a stupid question because i heard perfectly well what she said . 
 it 's a stall tactic on my part . 
 `` i 'm relieved , ethan . '' 
 `` why are n't you - '' `` do you know how many people there have been in my life who i cared about or who cared about me ? '' 
 i 'm pretty sure i know the answer . 
 i 'm hoping it 's two , but know for sure it 's one - her mother - but i 'm always careful not to bring up louanne . 
 i just squeeze her hand , which i 'm still holding onto like the piece of wood leonardo dicaprio was holding onto after his exit from the titanic . 
 `` two , ethan . 
 two . '' 
 now i 'm relieved . 
 `` and one of them ca n't ever come back , but you did . 
 you came back and i do n't care where you went or what you did . 
 you are here now , safe . '' 
 the tremble in her voice as she says , `` what you did , '' tells me she 's a little scared of what - or who - i might have done , so i hope i 'm about to put her fears to rest . 
 `` i just drove and slept in my car . 
 i ate a few times , but honestly , emily , the only thing i did was think about you and how much you mean to me . 
 i was an asshole for leaving you . 
 i did n't take your safety or well-being into account and for that , i 'm sorry . 
 you should be upset with me . '' 
 `` i was scared , ethan . 
 at first , i thought maybe you were just blowing off some steam , off figuring out a way to tell me to leave , but when you did n't come home that first night or the next morning , i started to get worried . 
 then margie came by and said you had n't shown up for work . '' 
 so , this is how margie knows about emily . 
 `` i was n't really sure how much she knew , but i could tell she was surprised to find me here . 
 she was so nice though . 
 i told her how highly you speak of her and how much we appreciated the deal she and her husband gave on the car . 
 then i lost myself for a little bit and told her about you surprising me and taking me to graduation . '' 
 emily pauses and smiles , then looks down as if she 's a little embarrassed . 
 `` it was nice to have a woman to talk to again . 
 it reminded me a little of my mom . '' 
 emily continues to tell me about margie coming to the house . 
 she said she cried for a little bit because she did n't know what to do , that she 'd been relying on me for so long . 
 she did n't know what she would do if i did n't come home . 
 she also tells me how margie asked her about a job and what she liked to do . 
 it seems they went to the public library and emily applied for a position . 
 she can work there part-time and still go to school . 
 apparently , she works until closing and that 's why she came home so late . 
 margie also got her a bus pass and rode with her the first time to make sure it was safe . 
 there is n't a bouquet of flowers big enough for margie right now . 
 `` margie 's been coming by every night to make sure i have food or whatever . 
 we would talk for a little while . '' 
 emily stops and looks toward the door . 
 `` i 'm guessing she has n't shown up tonight because she saw the car out front . '' 
 i yawn , but not because i 'm bored . 
 i could listen to emily talk forever about the six days i missed out on . 
 i 'm exhausted though and the days i went without restful sleep are showing . 
 `` you are so tired , ethan . 
 we can do this tomorrow . '' 
 her hand slides down my face as a warm smile takes over her features . 
 i stand to head toward the bedroom , and she turns to make her bed on the couch . 
 `` emily ? '' 
 i question her . 
 `` i was hoping we could go to bed . '' 
 the , `` well , duh , '' look she gives me , and then returns to making her bed tells me she 's not understanding my meaning . 
 `` no , ummm ... '' why am i so nervous to say this ? 
 i roll my eyes at myself . 
 `` like , together , '' i say as i step to the doorway of the bedroom , `` in here . '' 
 her eyes get huge , owl huge , and i realize my mistake . 
 `` no ! 
 not like that . 
 i just ... '' i have messed up so much ; i want to get something right , so i pause and collect my thoughts . 
 `` no more sleeping on the couch , emily . 
 we 're adults who love each other . 
 i do n't want to be apart anymore . 
 come to bed with me and sleep . 
 nothing else . '' 
 i want her to understand that i 'm not pushing . 
 i want her close , but i do n't want her to be uncomfortable . 
 this is a monumental step forward for us . 
 `` you , me , pajamas , and sleeping ... '' i decide that perhaps a little lighthearted humor wo n't hurt . 
 `` and maybe a little more of the kissing . '' 
 i will behave . 
 i put on full length pajama pants - over my boxers - and t-shirt . 
 i get under the sheet , lie flat on my back and cross my hands over my stomach . 
 i wait . 
 patiently ? 
 no . 
 emily enters the bedroom from the bathroom , and i can tell she 's nervous . 
 i 'm not sure if her anxiety is because of the prospect of sleeping with me or that she is wearing a tank and panty set i 'm pretty sure was intended for a toddler and not a full grown woman . 
 i can see her nipples . 
 and her ... i 'm definitely in trouble . 
 do i tell her ? 
 i have no idea what the protocol is for divulging sexual history to a prospective mate . 
 mate ? 
 i roll my eyes at myself again as images of emily and me wrapped in fur coverings shoot through my mind . 
 i 'm running around with a spear shouting , `` me man , you woman . '' 
 it 's totally ridiculous that i 've reverted to a prehistoric mindset . 
 if i were a caveman , i 'd have an easier time with the subject at hand . 
 i 'd just grab emily and shove my penis in her vagina with nothing more than grunts . 
 being without conversational language skills has its advantages ; there 's no way to explain everything . 
 my thoughts have veered off course , and i need to focus on the woman crawling up the bed like a cat hunting a mouse . 
 even though i have n't admitted it to myself , this is one of the reasons i 'm so afraid of this thing with emily . 
 sex and the topic of sex have always been off the table with her . 
 we have never discussed previous experiences . 
 i 'd always assumed emily was a virgin , but maybe it was just wishful thinking on my part since she came to me at a young age . 
 i 'm not naive enough to think that teenage girls are n't having sex . 
 i just did n't want emily to be one of them . 
 being nervous about emily 's sexual experience , or lack thereof , is n't my only reason for pause . 
 i do n't know whether or not i should divulge my history . 
 part of me thinks it plays a huge part in things , while the other part of me says it does n't matter . 
 i 'm torn and do n't know which is right . 
 i know honesty is the best policy , but will it do more harm than good in this case ? 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 i look up and see those expressive eyes . 
 she needs my comfort and acceptance . 
 even though i made it clear we are only sleeping tonight , it seems like she is still trying to persuade me to do more . 
 how else would you explain the tiny underwear and feline-like movements ? 
 if i do n't stop this dead in its tracks now , i know i wo n't . 
 things will go too far too fast . 
 i open my arms in invitation , hoping she gets the message without hurt feelings . 
 `` just lay down with me . '' 
 why is she giggling ? 
 the haze from sleep is slowly lifting , and the morning sun shines through the window . 
 i want to recap the events of last night before i open my eyes and look at the most important person in my life . 
 `` ethan ? '' 
 emily whispers . 
 `` hmmm , '' i answer to let her know i 'm awake . 
 her hand is on my stomach , under my shirt , where she strokes the hair just above my belly button . 
 `` can i touch it ? '' 
 emily breathes in a hushed tone . 
 my eyebrows furrow with my eyes still closed . 
 `` touch what ? '' 
 another giggle . 
 emily 's hand slides down a little further , and a finger dips inside the waist of my pajamas . 
 whoa ! 
 i grab her wrist to still her movement , but she tugs away . 
 `` i want this , ethan . 
 i want this with you . 
 please do n't make me beg you . '' 
 the last thing i want is for emily to connect negative feelings to sex with me , but i never came to a resolution last night . 
 i am not sure how much to tell her , but i do n't think dwelling on it any longer will help me decide . 
 i 'm going to have to throw a bone and see her response . 
 `` we need to talk , emily . '' 
 `` later . '' 
 it 's a bold statement on her part , but i ca n't deny her as her hand moves under my waistband . 
 i 'm ashamed to say that i 've denied her touch for too long , and i do n't want to wait for another second . 
 her lips move to mine , my mouth automatically opening . 
 i want nothing more than to swallow her whole but settle for the caress of her tongue on mine . 
 her fingers play under my pants , flirting with the idea of moving lower . 
 my hands have been flat against the mattress until now , but i ca n't stop their journey to her arms , then back . 
 knowing she is touching me intimately gives me the courage to do the same . 
 my hand floats to the crest of her ass , gliding across her flesh . 
 she moans , giving me the courage to extend my caress to her bare flesh beneath her panties . 
 my touch is tentative because i want to get this right . 
 `` yes , '' comes her strangled plea . 
 we continue kissing with nips and tugs of lips and teeth ; my hand moves to the top of her thigh , then down to the dip where her ass meets her legs . 
 she pushes toward me , her pussy opening to meet my waiting hand . 
 i do n't have to search far before encountering slick skin , eager for my attention . 
 her breath stutters as my fingers begin to move , stroking her . 
 her hand moves to touch me , her thumb rubbing my head , spreading the pre-cum . 
 her touch feels so good that i move my mouth away from hers , fearful i 'll bite her . 
 instead , my teeth graze her jaw then continue to move lower . 
 my mouth waters at the thought of tasting more of her . 
 i 've imagined what her nipples look like - taste like . 
 i want to know that my fantasies do n't compare , even a small portion , to the reality . 
 but this is not a fantasy . 
 this is someone i care about , dream about , someone who matters and this has to be right . 
 i pull her tank down , exposing her breasts . 
 my mouth immediately latches on , suckling and lapping at the darkened peak . 
 my fingers massage while my tongue caresses , and in only a few seconds , emily is panting and writhing . 
 her head falls to my chest as she stiffens in my arms . 
 i 've never felt so satisfied , despite not having my own release . 
 but it does n't matter , because i know that this is only the beginning . 
 this is the first of many gifts i hope to give her . 
 after i make her get dressed completely , we sit at the kitchen table for a much needed discussion . 
 `` so , you 've never ... ? '' 
 i start . 
 `` no . '' 
 while i 'm deliriously happy emily is a virgin , i also know the pain associated with the first time for a woman , and i 'm not looking forward to inflicting that . 
 i want to give her pleasure , not pain . 
 `` what about you ? '' 
 emily asks followed by a big gush of air . 
 `` never mind ; that 's a stupid question . 
 of course you have . 
 i mean , look at you . '' 
 i open my mouth to answer her , but she does n't let me . 
 `` no , tell me . 
 i want to know . 
 how many ? '' 
 and there lies the crux of my problem . 
 i 'm afraid to tell her , because if she knows , will she still trust me with her most precious gift ? 
 i take a deep breath , steadying myself for emily 's backlash at my revelation . 
 `` one . '' 
 it 's the truth . 
 there 's only been one , but that one is n't simple . 
 i am not looking at her as i say this , so i squeeze my eyes shut tightly , hoping she does n't hate me for what i 'm about to tell her next . 
 `` there was this girl , in high school , she was known to ... '' i trail off , hoping emily gets the idea , but she just sits and stares at me . 
 she 's going to make me spell it out . 
 `` she was known as the go-to girl for sex . 
 i was sixteen , angry and very curious . '' 
 she 's still watching me but begins to fidget . 
 `` she would do pretty much whatever , and i took advantage of that . 
 it was emotionless and a means to an end . 
 she let me take my frustrations out on her , emily . 
 no matter how angry , depressed , or lonely i was , she let me fill the void with her - in her . '' 
 her face scrunches , and i can see she 's getting the idea . 
 `` it was n't about love , or even lust , really . 
 it was about me taking . 
 there was no giving . '' 
 i want to drive my point home with revealing the true debauchery in which i 'd participated for two years , but i do n't want emily thinking i want her to do the depraved and experimental acts i 'd once divulged in . 
 that was a different time and a different me , but there was still an insecurity , despite my experience , i could n't shake . 
 `` it was all about me , okay ? 
 i was n't there to make her come . '' 
 `` so , were you like ... '' i can see her trying to put all the pieces together . 
 `` you said you were angry . 
 were you angry ... with her ? '' 
 i pause because i do n't want to lie , but i do n't want to tell the truth either . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` did you hurt her ? '' 
 i take a moment so i can say this right . 
 hurt can mean many things , but i think emily means physically , so that 's the hurt i respond to . 
 `` no . 
 i never hurt her . 
 it really was just sex , nothing else . 
 i never hit her or forced her . 
 she was always willing . '' 
 she takes a deep breath and lets it out slowly as she continues to play with the placemat . 
 `` did you like it ? '' 
 it 's the question i 've been waiting for . 
 emily wants to know if i want it to be like that with her . 
 `` when a boy has urges , there 's little that will stop him from getting to the end . 
 it 's like how you fold clothes . 
 how the shirt has to hang just right on the hanger , or the pants creased perfectly . 
 you ca n't stop until everything is just right and you 're satisfied . '' 
 i ca n't believe i 'm comparing sex to laundry . 
 `` but as a man , it 's not about how the clothes are folded or hung . 
 it 's about the clothes being clean and smelling good . 
 it 's about the process , not the end result . '' 
 jesus christ , this sounds stupid . 
 `` with you , emily , i want to feel everything . 
 i want it to be about you and me , us . 
 it 's not about the physical result at the end . '' 
 `` okay . '' 
 `` okay ? '' 
 `` yeah , okay . 
 i trust you , ethan . '' 
 `` no , to the left a little bit ? '' 
 emily ca n't seem to find a comfortable position . 
 `` better ? '' 
 `` uh , just give me a sec - '' she winces again and i know this is painful . 
 she tries to hide it , but i know . 
 yep , complete disaster . 
 i never should 've agreed to this . 
 it 's uncomfortable for emily , and there does n't seem to be a way to make it better . 
 `` do you want to try on top ? '' 
 i 'm grasping at straws . 
 i want this to be a good experience for her . 
 `` are you okay ? '' 
 i know she fought back tears when i finally did it . 
 she told me to just do it and get it over with . 
 not my proudest moment . 
 it 's not what any guy wants to hear : `` just get it over with . '' 
 `` yeah . '' 
 her confirmation is so small . 
 `` emily , i 'm so sorry . 
 i - '' she interrupts me with her hand over my mouth . 
 `` please stop , ethan . 
 it wo n't always be like this . 
 my mom ... '' her pause indicates that bringing up her mother is still hard for her . 
 `` my mom told me about sex . 
 she said it would hurt the first few times , but she also told me that if i was with the right person it would be okay . 
 i 'm with the right man . 
 you are right for me , ethan . 
 no one , and i do mean no one , has ever taken better care of me than you have , and , i know that you wanted this to be perfect , and it was . 
 please do n't take that from me . '' 
 emily pauses to kiss me before she finishes . 
 `` my first time could have gone so many ways , but it did n't . 
 it was with someone that loves me , and who i love . '' 
 i ca n't help the sheepish smile that spreads across my lips . 
 i decide emily is so wise and mature and right . 
 it was perfect - because it was us . 
 `` i really like the third one we looked at . '' 
 `` i do , too , but the second one had a gym , remember ? '' 
 emily and i sit at the dinner table looking over brochures . 
 we spent the day looking for an apartment in a better neighborhood with more amenities and a much higher monthly payment . 
 i 'm a little concerned about finances , but emily assures me we will be all right . 
 she 's getting her schooling paid for on a pell grant and working 25-30 hours a week , which is a big contribution . 
 and me ... well , i 'm the new assistant manager for ball 's grocer . 
 that may not be a big deal for most people , but to me it 's everything . 
 i 've never had a need to be in charge of anyone or anything . 
 i just wanted to take care of myself , lay low and live one day at a time . 
 however , margie just would n't let it go . 
 she promoted me to cashier and kept on me . 
 she was always in my ear talking about providing for my family . 
 at first , i was defensive because i did n't have a family , but the more margie talked , the more i realized she was right . 
 emily was my family , and maybe someday we could add to that . 
 when the opportunity came up last week for an assistant manager position , margie was there telling me to get my ass in gear and apply . 
 she coached me through the interview process and helped me write a resume . 
 i insisted that a cashier did n't need a resume , but she would n't let it go , and i 'm glad she did n't . 
 `` so if we get the one with the gym , are you going to become one of those gym rats ? 
 always workin ' out and flexing their muscles for the chicas ? '' 
 while emily was n't one to get upset about me doing stuff without her , she still had a bit of a jealous streak . 
 she says that girls used to leave me alone because i gave off some vibe , but now that we were together , emily insists that other women thought they now had a chance . 
 if they only knew . 
 my head had n't turned toward another woman since the day i met emily and that would n't change in the foreseeable future . 
 `` well , i was just thinking - '' emily looked down , unsure of what she was about to say . 
 i hated it when she did that . 
 i reached for her hand , cupping it in mine to encourage her to go on . 
 `` i know that the gym on site is a big plus , but it 's only a one-bedroom . 
 the other one is a two-bedroom , and it 's close to that elementary school . '' 
 she turned red , blushing furiously . 
 `` yeah , but what would we need a second bedroom for ? '' 
 i had to admit , while not necessary , it would be good for emily to have her own area for studying . 
 `` well , it would be good as an office ... and maybe someday , a bedroom ... '' `` i guess we could use a guest room , but we never have guests , emily , so i 'm not sure what the benefit would really be . '' 
 yeah , i know , i 'm an idiot . 
 `` that 's not what i meant - '' but she did n't need to finish . 
 as i flipped through the brochure , i saw a picture of a couple with a toddler . 
 the tagline was promoting the family friendly atmosphere . 
 `` yeah , i think you 're right . 
 the two-bedroom is our best bet . '' 
 this has to be perfect . 
 ethan is the most amazing man , and i do n't want to disappoint him . 
 so everything has to be flawless . 
 margie has been a huge help , though , and i do n't think i could have - or would have - done this without her . 
 sometimes i 'm so out of my element with this whole love and relationship thing . 
 i know ethan has more experience , but still ... i want him to know how much he means to me . 
 margie had me over for a girl 's night where we watched what she called `` chick licks . '' 
 she insisted that the surest way to be able to pull off the perfect anniversary was to see examples of perfect love on the big screen , or a forty-two inch , anyway . 
 we started brainstorming and came up with a plan ; a pretty good one if i do say so myself . 
 now i just have to make sure i do n't mess it up . 
 so here i am , standing in the middle of our living room in a new black and pink lace lingerie set and enough lit candles that i may , in fact , set off a smoke alarm . 
 of course , ethan has seen me in much less that bra and panties , but these seem ... dirty somehow . 
 because of the purpose for which they are intended , the pink and black lace seems obscene . 
 i had n't wanted to get the `` tonga '' cut , but margie insisted it was the look needed for the occasion . 
 i 'm more of a cotton brief kind of girl . 
 all the panties we looked through were so small ... and in bright lacy colors , nor did they seem practical . 
 i really hope ethan does n't expect fancy panties all the time because i can not see the practicality of wearing this style on a daily basis . 
 particularly if one has to frequently bend or stoop i glance at the clock on the wall , which was purchased at hobby lobby , thank you very much , and know that ethan will walk through the front door at any moment . 
 i should n't be this nervous , but we have grown so much together in the last year , both in heart and mind . 
 i know without a doubt i will be with this man forever , and i want to experience every last thing imaginable with him . 
 when i hear the key in the door , i close my eyes and take a deep breath . 
 within seconds of the door opening and closing , i hear a loud gasp followed by , `` holy shhiiittt . '' 
 ethan is in front of me , hands exploring my backside after only a few seconds . 
 i wonder if he sprinted , even though the distance from the door is only a few steps . 
 it makes me relax , realizing he appreciates my gift a great deal . 
 `` baby , you smell so good , '' he whispers . 
 his lips -- then teeth skim my neck and shoulder . 
 the contrast in sensation takes my breath away . 
 `` fuck . 
 what did i do to deserve all this ? 
 and you ? '' 
 i 'm frozen for a second because i think he 's forgotten what today is . 
 he thinks this is just a random tryst . 
 and while we are extraordinarily honest with each other , i ca n't bring myself to tell him what this is really about . 
 a pang shoots from my heart down into my stomach . 
 `` whoa , whoa ... '' ethan pulls away and looks at me . 
 i try to smile , but it 's wholly unsuccessful . 
 it makes my throat tighten more , and i need an escape to the bathroom to shed unwanted tears . 
 this is n't how it 's supposed to go ! 
 he 's supposed to see me , sweep me off my feet , pledge undying devotion , and make love to me for hours . 
 damn you , hollywood ! 
 you 're a liar . 
 `` emily , what 's wrong ? 
 what did i say ? '' 
 he turns away from me at the moment my lips quivers . 
 he 's fisting his hair , mumbling to himself . 
 even though i still have on a bra , panties , and stupid black heels margie insisted made the look perfect , i 've never felt more exposed . 
 i want to sink into the carpet , wishing the last half hour had n't ever happened . 
 stupid , emily ... why do you always have to do something different or fancy ? 
 why not just make fried chicken for dinner and get him a nice card , i argue with myself . 
 `` shit ! 
 why did i have to say something stupid on our anniversary ? 
 i try , emily . 
 i want to be good for you , i do . 
 i just ca n't get it right , ya know ? 
 god , please say something . '' 
 ... stupid on our anniversary ... `` you know it 's our anniversary ? '' 
 i could have heard incorrectly . 
 `` well , yeah . 
 how could i forget our anniversary ? 
 i ca n't forget a thing about you , emily . '' 
 he starts to walk toward the couch and grabs my hand , pulling me behind him . 
 he flops down then pulls me into his lap . 
 his thumb graces the outer edges of my smile . 
 he did n't forget . 
 `` i remember that you hate high heels . '' 
 his hand ghosts down my leg and then draws my leg up . 
 he grasps my spiked heel and slips it off my foot . 
 he tosses the shoe to the floor before he begins to rub my toes . 
 after a few moments , his hand slides up my arm to my neck , landing on my earlobe . 
 `` i remember that you only wear stud earrings because you 're afraid of getting them caught on something . '' 
 his tongue snakes out a lightly traces the tip of my ear . 
 `` i also remember that you do n't wear necklaces ... '' his hand floats to cup my neck and then draws a finger down my breastbone and into my enhanced cleavage . 
 ethan shifts on the sofa and pulls something from his pocket . 
 he hands me a small black box with a red bow . 
 `` but i 'm hoping to change that . '' 
 ethan finishes . 
 i open the box and see the most delicate , yet beautiful necklace . 
 a small silver disc holds the date we pledged our love for each other . 
 one year ago , today . 
 i find that i ca n't resist this thoughtful man . 
 not only has he not forgotten our anniversary , but he has also purchased the perfect gift . 
 i seductively maneuver myself so that i 'm facing ethan . 
 i straddle his lap and then kiss him like my life depends on it . 
 `` it 's perfect . 
 you 're perfect , '' i mumble in between kisses . 
 i always get this feeling when ethan and i are about to do it . 
 it 's still a million tiny butterflies bouncing in my stomach trying to break free . 
 honestly , it 's the best feeling . 
 the greatest part , though , is that each time is better than the last . 
 i 'm not sure if ethan has been swapping stories in the stock room - although i doubt it , it 's not his style - or reading up on the internet , but things have really ... exploded for us in the bedroom department . 
 there was a get-to-know-you period , which was followed by the awkward-movements period . 
 then there was the this-works-so-let 's - do-it-this-way-all-the-time period . 
 lately , we 'd found the `` life is like a box of chocolates ... '' period . 
 and let me tell you , i may not know what i 'm `` gon na get , '' but that shit is good . 
 `` chocolate '' is never a bad thing . 
 `` and i remember , '' ethan pauses , breathing me in . 
 `` you love it when i kiss you here , '' he finishes and then sucks my nipple into his mouth . 
 the contrast in sensation of his soft , wet mouth and the lace fabric has me beyond aroused . 
 `` new rule : all panties must be like this . '' 
 his hands rub across the exposed flesh of my butt , grabbing a handful of cheek to accentuate his point . 
 ethan 's kiss is now languid , his tongue reaching out and teasing my body . 
 as he moves upward , our eyes connecting once again , he beckons my mouth to open and allow him inside . 
 i 'm totally lost to this man and would submit to anything he wanted but after a few moments , i remember i have a plan . 
 `` let 's move to the bedroom , '' i say in my most seductive voice . 
 `` i have more surprises for you . '' 
 before i even have a chance to stand , ethan grabs me and stands , coaxing me to wrap my legs around him . 
 he does n't carry me like this often , but when he does , there is no safer feeling in this world . 
 he is totally supporting me , exerting his masculinity . 
 i feel small pressed against him - a protector and his charge . 
 `` i love you , '' i whisper and rest my head on his shoulder . 
 the journey down the hall to the bedroom is too short . 
 i could stay wrapped up in ethan this way forever , but i have a massage to render , so i regrettably pull myself from the security of his arms . 
 `` clothes off and lie down , '' i command . 
 ethan raises a brow at me , showing he 's a little shocked by my demand . 
 his smile , however , tells me he likes it . 
 he quickly sheds his clothes and lies face down on the bed . 
 `` no peeking , '' i say while removing my bra and panties . 
 i grab the oil from the nightstand and pour a liberal amount in my palm then rub my hands together . 
 i slide my hands over his back and down over his backside , eliciting a moan from ethan before i move myself into position . 
 i shift and sit on top of his butt , cautious about fully putting my weight on him . 
 `` is this okay ? 
 i 'm not too heavy , am i ? '' 
 his barely intelligible grunt of no helps me relax a little more fully on top of him . 
 per hollywood protocol , i 've trimmed myself so that i 'm mostly exposed . 
 i ca n't help but grind against him , my bare skin seeking friction with his . 
 `` emily , that feels so good , but i ca n't stand it . 
 i got ta turn over and see you . '' 
 i rise up to allow ethan to turn . 
 his hands immediately glide up my legs , his thumbs moving inward . 
 they brush against the smooth skin that hides my clit . 
 `` say it for me . '' 
 i know what he wants , as it has been ethan 's new fascination . 
 i turn red because no matter how many times i say it , i know it will embarrass me . 
 `` come on , say pussy for me . 
 tell me how you want my tongue on your pussy , then your mouth on my cock . '' 
 i respond with a small yet nervous laugh . 
 `` come on , my sweet baby girl , '' ethan coaxes . 
 anything for this man ... `` first , ethan , '' i begin with a little attitude . 
 i can do this , and possibly without giggling . 
 `` i want my mouth on your cock . '' 
 i make sure to punctuate the word cock . 
 `` then i want your mouth on my ... pussy . 
 and after i 've screamed your name ... i want your cock in my pussy , '' i say wanting to add a little naughtiness . 
 that should do it . 
 `` holy - '' ethan does n't finish his thought as his words are replaced with vowel sounds when my mouth takes him in . 
 it took me a few tries to get used to the idea of his ... cock ... in my mouth , but now there are times i crave it . 
 ethan says the same thing about going down on me . 
 `` bring that pussy up here . 
 i need you in my mouth . 
 god , emily , i - '' i know what he means , even though he does n't finish saying it . 
 it 's always like this , and i hope it always will be . 
 sometimes , i think i could just come without him touching me ; just thinking about his hands and mouth on me is enough . 
 i feel like this level of obsession ca n't be healthy , though and i should n't want someone so much , so often . 
 `` oh fuck ... fuck , fuck . 
 emily , stop . '' 
 ethan lifts me off of him and lays me on my stomach . 
 he licks down my spine and softly bites my ass . 
 his hands grab at my flesh , separating my cheeks . 
 `` push your ass up a little , baby . 
 let me see that perfect little pussy . '' 
 unnnfff ... as soon as i comply , his tongue is back on me , tasting me . 
 he 's a master at this now . 
 his thumbs rub at my clit while his tongue lavishes attention to my pussy . 
 it only takes a minute before i 'm panting and trying to grind my pelvis into the bed . 
 `` nuh uhh . 
 keep those hips up , '' ethan reminds me . 
 as much as i enjoy this , i really want the main event . 
 `` ethan , '' i moan . 
 i hope my needy groan tells him i ca n't wait anymore . 
 `` do n't beg . 
 never beg , sweetheart . '' 
 ethan pushes me forward , and my chest is now pressed into the mattress . 
 he holds his cock and strokes me a few times before drawing back and sliding inside me . 
 the description of fullness seems so trite , but it 's the most accurate description . 
 when ethan enters me , we are connected , one in mind , body , and soul . 
 `` i wish you could see this , emily ; how my cock glides in and out of you ... seeing your wetness on my dick . '' 
 ethan stops and runs his hand down through my lips , gathering moisture . 
 `` turn over . '' 
 he grasps his cock and begins to stroke himself . 
 within seconds , his lips are back on my breast , tugging at my nipple with his teeth . 
 after a few more moments , he leans back , hooks my thighs with his forearms , and pulls me forward . 
 he wastes no time in aligning himself and sliding home again . 
 with my legs pushed back , he can get so much deeper and i feel him in my belly . 
 his thrusts become aggressive and i know that he 's close . 
 `` do you want me to take you this way , or do you want to ride me , so i can see your tits bounce ? '' 
 ethan quickly adjusts himself so that he 's sitting up . 
 he pulls me into his lap . 
 `` or maybe like this , so i can see your perfect face and the glisten of sweat that forms on your nose as you come ? '' 
 all of ethan 's dirty talk is driving me crazy , and quite frankly , i do n't care how we get the job done because i 'm ready to burst . 
 he lies back , pulling me with him . 
 his hands knead the flesh of my breasts as i moan and writhe on top of him . 
 `` i want to come inside you , baby , '' he pleads . 
 i 'll never deny him . 
 as soon as we are connected again , we grasp hands , me using him for leverage . 
 the first few times we did it this way , i felt self-conscious , but now i love the feeling of control and power i have to bring him to his end , to coax his lust and love from his body as it spills into mine . 
 i meet my climax first , but ethan soon follows . 
 we collapse together , me still on top of him . 
 i hug him like a child hugs her favorite teddy bear , and feel safe , warm , and satisfied . 
 we lay together for a while , just caressing and kissing . 
 it is always like this - the tenderness afterward . 
 we 'd never ... deep breath ... fucked . 
 i adored our lovemaking , but also wanted to know what it felt like to be taken in the dressing room of victoria secret or the bathroom stall at a nightclub . 
 but we had time , time to experience all of those things . 
 this was the end of one year in a long line of many . 
 margie says that 's love and i just need to go with it . 
 she explained there is a natural progression and i wo n't always ache for him . 
 she explained that -- eventually , he 'll just be a small pain in my ass . 
 `` i love you , ethan . '' 
 `` i love you , emily . 
 happy anniversary . '' 
 the last five years have been unbelievable in more ways than one . 
 it 's been a long , difficult road , no doubt about it . 
 there 's fighting ... and making up , money problems and tears , but we always make it through , and we make it through together . 
 we are , however , about to experience three of the biggest changes in our lives thus far . 
 margie is retiring and a new manager will take her place . 
 i 'm pretty sure i know a candidate who is a shoe-in . 
 ethan has taken his duties as assistant manager very seriously . 
 margie confided to me that it would be a proud moment to see ethan take her place . 
 the salary increase was nothing to joke about either , and this promotion was enabling us to finally buy our own home . 
 it would n't be fancy or lavish , but it would be ours . 
 margie has been an enormous support system for both ethan and me . 
 she 's stepped in as the mother figure we both needed as we transitioned to new parts of our lives . 
 one could say that i should have been bitter about a `` stand-in '' mother , but i never saw it that way . 
 she has been my savior more than once , but when i first met margie , i was n't sure what to think . 
 `` can i help you ? '' 
 `` well , i was looking for ethan . '' 
 the woman was small , but spoke with assurance . 
 `` does he still live here ? '' 
 i had n't known what to tell her . 
 it flashed through my mind when i answered the door that perhaps this was the landlord and someone had reported us . 
 ethan was n't supposed to have anyone living with him . 
 i should n't have cared if he got in trouble after the way he up and left me after i spilled my guts to him , but i just could n't be angry with him - no matter how hard i tried . 
 `` i 'm margie , ethan 's boss . '' 
 i stalled in answering her , debating whether i should invite her in . 
 `` dear ... ? '' 
 `` oh , sorry - i 'm uh ... '' i did n't know whether to give my real name . 
 my gut told me that this woman was harmless . 
 `` it 's emily . '' 
 my mother taught me to never give more information than necessary . 
 `` well , emily , it 's a pleasure to meet you . '' 
 that day , margie invited herself into the duplex and into my life . 
 she was there to comfort me as i cried my eyes out and told her the events leading up to ethan leaving . 
 she hugged me and gave soothing words of encouragement ; above all else , she assured me ethan would return and that i just had to be patient . 
 she spoke about ethan that afternoon as if he were her own son . 
 there was never a disapproving word , only compliments and work anecdotes from the years she 'd known him . 
 she was also there to support me through school . 
 she insisted , along with ethan , that i take full advantage of the scholarship i was given . 
 she also wanted me to develop my interests and not just major in something so i could get a job . 
 she told me to pursue what i loved ; something i was passionate about . 
 `` i think i know what i want to major in , '' i told margie , the excitement of my revelation radiating in my tone . 
 `` that 's great , sweetie . 
 tell me . '' 
 `` this lady came in today with a little boy with autism , and it was so fascinating to watch her interact with him . 
 i think i want to learn more about children and disabilities . '' 
 i was nervous about margie 's answer . 
 maybe she thought i was a little too ambitious or crazy even in regards to my career path . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 `` i think we are lucky to have you , one of god 's angels here on earth . 
 you warm an old woman 's heart , emily . 
 i ca n't think of a better career choice . '' 
 i finished school three years later with a degree in early childhood special education . 
 margie was there with ethan on graduation day , and i think she was the loudest cheerleader in the auditorium . 
 `` so , you really want to do this ? '' 
 i used to be the one that was so unsure of everything and looked to ethan to be the decision maker . 
 now , it seems , the tables have turned . 
 he 's always looking to me for reassurance . 
 `` i do . 
 i know there will be a lot of work to be done on it , but i have the summer off . 
 there is a lot i can do during that time . '' 
 i 'd yet to tell him he 'd be doing all the painting , but i think - all things considered - he 'll be just fine with the tradeoff . 
 `` this house is in a better neighborhood and is a bit bigger . 
 there is room for us to have a home office and a couple spare bedrooms . '' 
 the realtor was anxious to make a deal . 
 the house had been on the market for several months due to the `` as is '' sale . 
 she 's hovering , not wanting this potential sale to slip away . 
 `` do you have any questions , mr. and mrs. parker ? '' 
 despite hearing mrs. parker every day , hearing it still brings a smile to my face . 
 i grabbed ethan 's hand and led him back down the hallway . 
 `` i think we 'll take another look around and meet you back out front . '' 
 i answer , desperate to get a few moments alone with my husband and away from the hovering realtor . 
 `` will you marry me ? '' 
 those were the first words out of ethan 's mouth . 
 not , `` good morning , emily . 
 how did you sleep ? '' 
 stunned did n't even begin to capture what i was feeling . 
 my brain was n't fully awake , and i had n't registered the small diamond on my left hand . 
 ethan had placed it there in my sleep and had yet to bring it to my attention . 
 the two years before ethan 's proposal had been perfect . 
 our new apartment was a dream come true , and we 'd even made friends with our neighbors garth and kim . 
 the guys loved to barbecue , and kim loved to talk about kids and literature , two of my favorite things . 
 `` emily ? 
 come on ! 
 you 're killing me here ! '' 
 his desperation made me giggle a bit , as if i 'd ever tell him no . 
 `` yes ! '' 
 `` thank god ! 
 i was so nervous . '' 
 three weeks later found us at powell gardens in the marjorie powell allen chapel . 
 we had the ceremony on friday evening , then a picnic in the nearby fountain courtyard . 
 it was small , just margie and her husband , garth and kim , and me and ethan . 
 we did n't have a honeymoon , but that was okay . 
 someday , we 'd get there . 
 `` so what are you thinking we can do with this room ? '' 
 easy , emily , do n't rush it . 
 make it perfect , i tell myself . 
 `` i 'm sure you 'll want a place to set up shop at home to work on your lesson plans and stuff . '' 
 ethan walks into the room and steps to the large bow window . 
 `` this window will give you a lot of natural light to work by , '' he finishes . 
 `` yeah , but i think the smaller room down the hall will be good for an office space . '' 
 deep breath , this is it . 
 `` i think this room would be perfect as a nursery since it 's right next to the master and has its own quarter bath . '' 
 wait for it ... it takes longer than i think it should for it to sink in . 
 i 've counted to thirty before he turns around and stares at me blankly . 
 i move my hand down to rest on my still flat stomach . 
 his eyes widen and his mouth falls open . 
 after a long pause , i give him a nod of confirmation and my eyes flutter closed for a couple seconds . 
 `` you 're ... ? '' 
 i simply nod again . 
 `` seriously ? '' 
 `` seriously . '' 
 i do n't even think my reply is completely out of my mouth before he 's crossed the room and picks me up . 
 he swings me around , hugging me tight . 
 he 's mumbling , `` oh my god , oh my god ! '' 
 over and over into my breasts . 
 i half expect him to sneak a motorboat in there while he 's at it . 
 i just grip his head tighter , relishing the moment . 
 he finally sets me down and kisses me . 
 this is the happiest i 've ever seen this man ... the man i love and worship and would do anything for . 
 `` thank you , emily . 
 thank you for giving me everything i 've always wanted , a family . '' 
 `` it 's something i want to do , babe . '' 
 emily stands silent , looking at me like i 'm a two-headed monster . 
 `` please say something . '' 
 i really ca n't handle the silence . 
 `` it 's crazy , i know . 
 just say it 's a bad idea . '' 
 i feel like a balloon deflating . 
 my wife slowly moves to where i pace in front of the couch . 
 `` ethan , after fifteen years together , you still have the ability to surprise me . '' 
 her expression has softened . 
 this means she 's going to let me down easy . 
 that 's just emily . 
 she never says no , never yells , and never makes me feel guilty ... she 'll just phrase something so i realize how fundamentally bad the idea is ; and trust me , there have been some terrible ideas over the years . 
 `` you are the most virile , yet sensitive , man i know ... '' here it comes , the compliment followed by the let-down . 
 `` let 's make the appointment . '' 
 i know i look like , as mark would say , `` a total douche '' right now . 
 my son has many great qualities , but his honesty is often overwhelming . 
 nevertheless , i find that he 's rarely wrong . 
 `` um , what ? '' 
 i need clarification , because it sounds like she just agreed to this . 
 `` i said , set up the appointment . 
 we have been through so much , and we know what it 's like , ethan . 
 if we can provide someone else with the opportunity to live in a safe environment , to grow , and be part of a family , then let 's do it . '' 
 emily wants to do this ; with no reasoning , and no explanation , she agrees to this life-changing idea . 
 i know my wife is an extraordinary person , and today she proves there are no exceptions . 
 `` should we talk to mark first ? '' 
 i want this to be a family decision , and this affects our son as well as emily and me . 
 `` your son takes after you in the compassion department , sweetheart . 
 i do n't think we have anything to worry about . 
 as a matter of fact , i think you 'll find him to be a little excited about the news . '' 
 as usual , it seems my wife may be privileged to information i am not . 
 `` it will be hard , emily . '' 
 she smiles . 
 `` nothing worth doing is ever easy , ethan . '' 
 `` welcome to cornerstones ministries , mr. parker . '' 
 `` thanks , erin , i 'm excited to do this . '' 
 `` we are exceptionally pleased that you have returned to us as a mentor . 
 as you know , sometimes our stories do n't have happy endings . 
 so , to have one of our own be a success and want to come back and mentor ... '' i almost think she 'll cry . 
 `` it 's special to us to have you here , ethan . '' 
 after mark was out of the toddler stage , i decided to volunteer for ongoing work with kids placed in `` the system . '' 
 they were there for a variety of reasons , not just those abandoned by their parents or abuse/neglect cases . 
 i was supposed to do tutoring , mentoring , or classroom/school assistance , but honestly , i just wanted to take the kids to a ball game or whatever , just to give them something normal . 
 tanner was my fifth buddy . 
 `` i have something a little different this time , ethan - if you 're up for it . '' 
 my previous buddies had been kids from group homes where there was no family involvement . 
 `` tanner is seven . 
 he lives at home with his mom . '' 
 erin 's face begins to redden a bit . 
 `` she has a terminal cancer diagnosis ; they 've given her about six months . 
 there 's no family , so janice has decided to begin working with us for possible foster placement or adoption . '' 
 erin sets down her pen and looks at her hands . 
 i can tell this one has gotten to her . 
 `` we need someone to fill the void . 
 jan is so sick , and she ca n't do much with tanner . 
 is this something you think you could handle ? '' 
 the way she 's looking up at me tells me there 's something else . 
 i give her a look that suggests i expect as much . 
 `` he ... '' i take a deep breath , bracing for whatever it is . 
 `` he 's also autistic . '' 
 i went to the library and read every journal article i could get my hands on . 
 if i was going to mentor this kid , i wanted to know what i was in for . 
 emily was awesome , too . 
 she gave me a lot of strategies for working with him given his limited communication capabilities and responsiveness . 
 erin also recommended i take a course in dealing with behavior as tanner had frequent ... meltdowns . 
 while a typical child has tantrums , he would have fits lasting hours . 
 no amount of coaxing or pleading would make a difference . 
 tanner would harm himself and others in the process , but it never detoured our decision to keep him . 
 the first month was a little rocky , and by rocky i mean there were huge fucking boulders . 
 however , it never crossed my mind to give up on tanner . 
 not only was this kid watching his mother die , he could n't even express how he was feeling about it in a typical manner . 
 his expression manifested in screaming and biting instead of crying or saying he was sad . 
 outings were always ... interesting , to say the least . 
 the last seven months had been better , though . 
 i 'd learned what his triggers were by meeting with his behavior therapist so i could keep up with his program and provide some consistency . 
 the last couple of months , we 'd gone to a restaurant , eaten an entire meal , and left again without a tantrum . 
 there was definite progress . 
 last week , erin had called with news that janice was in the hospital and being moved to hospice . 
 they would provide comfort and care in her final days . 
 erin let me know they were going to set up some panel interviews for prospective foster families and asked if i could join them . 
 while none of the families were bad , none of them were good - at least for tanner . 
 when i asked them how they would deal with his special needs , there was usually a long pause , followed by an unsure smile . 
 that told me they had no clue , and that worried me . 
 emily and i went to cornerstones the day after i came home with the idea of taking tanner . 
 she said i was there when she needed me , and now someone else required my attention . 
 erin was encouraged by my - our - decision to take tanner . 
 she felt he would continue to make strides with our family , even after janice passed . 
 there seemed to be a collective sigh of relief that a plan was in place . 
 `` so , it 's official . 
 the family services worker approved your application . 
 you will be tanner 's foster family for the next year . 
 at the end of that year , should you still wish to pursue it , you can petition for adoption . 
 the judge granted and signed a temporary placement order for tanner to live with you . 
 when jan has ... '' erin ca n't finish , but i know what she 's getting at , so i finish for her . 
 `` then , we 'll get permanent guardianship . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 the judge signed the order for temporary guardianship at 3:07 this afternoon . 
 janice has been in a drug-induced coma for the last three days , and has no knowledge of emily 's and my intent to foster tanner . 
 `` do you think we should go see janice and tell her ? 
 i know she 's unconscious , but then i 'd at least feel like we were somehow asking for her bless - '' i do n't finish as emily 's phone rings with erin 's special ringtone . 
 `` when i see your face , there 's not a thing that i would change , 'cause you 're amazing just the way - '' fucking bruno mars . 
 `` hello . '' 
 we left the courthouse ten minutes ago - erin must 've forgotten to tell us something . 
 i glance to emily as she listens to erin on the other end of the line . 
 her smile softens and then her face turns grim . 
 i suddenly wonder if there is a problem . 
 i look up in the rear-view mirror at tanner . 
 he 's sitting stock still and perfectly straight in the seat , looking out the window . 
 mark can tell something is wrong , but he stays silent waiting for us to say something . 
 `` oh . '' 
 then , emily nods as if erin can see her . 
 her eyes are turning glassy and i know what that means . 
 i pull over to the side of the road . 
 tanner begins to rock since the car has stopped and then starts to moan . 
 the longer we sit still , the louder his moans get . 
 i reach for emily 's hand , my silent question waiting for verification . 
 `` she passed at 3:12 p.m. . 
 it 's like she knew , ethan . '' 
 emily begins to cry while tanner groans . 
 `` she knew he was okay . '' 
 i think tanner knows , too . 
 people assume he does n't understand because he ca n't express it , but i think he does . 
 now , i 'm torn . 
 do i comfort my wife or my new son ? 
 `` let 's move to the back seat , '' i whisper . 
 we sit on the shoulder of route 35 , in the back seat of our two-year-old corolla , embracing each other . 
 emily and i sandwich our boys between us as tanner continues to rock and hum . 
