 chapter one tara holmes folded her arms across her chest and leaned back against the front of her desk as madison d'argenson introduced herself . 
 the woman could n't have looked more out of place in the downtown detective agency office , new holmes . 
 as tara did with all potential clients , she 'd performed a basic background check on the woman who sat before her . 
 madison was the daughter of one of new york 's wealthiest families , currently married to a well-known french chef , and had strong affiliations to the infamous corisi family . 
 there was only one reason a rich little princess like her would venture downtown to hire a private investigator : she suspects her husband is cheating . 
 in tara 's experience , women who doubted their spouses enough to seek her services were correct ninety-nine percent of the time . 
 investigating matrimonial infidelity was what tara did , and she was good at it . 
 not that it was difficult . 
 most men did very little to conceal their girlfriends when they were out of town . 
 proof was often as simple as a weekend of surveillance , a moderate amount of patience , and a telescopic photo lens . 
 madison d'argenson was , by far , the richest potential client tara had ever met with . 
 evidence of her wealth was in the quality of the tailoring in the suit worn by the enormous bodyguard who stood behind her , physically blocking the door . 
 the job might require traveling , but tara was accustomed to adding that cost to her normal fees . 
 madison sat on the well-worn chair in her chanel suit with a smile on her face and clapped her hands . 
 `` i 've never hired a private investigator before . 
 this is kind of exciting . '' 
 tara frowned . 
 oh , honey , do n't look so happy . 
 this almost never ends well . 
 hopefully the bubbly brunette had been smart enough to have her french husband sign a prenuptial , because she would n't be so chipper when he tried to run off with her money and whoever he was screwing . 
 not that he 'll succeed , because i 'll bring her enough dirt on the bastard to stop him from getting her cash . 
 people lie , photos do n't . 
 tara leaned forward , placing her hands on her knees . 
 `` let 's get to why you 're here . 
 what makes you think your husband has been cheating on you ? '' 
 madison 's eyes rounded , then she burst out laughing . 
 `` richard ? '' 
 she looked over her shoulder at her bodyguard . 
 `` can you imagine richard cheating on me ? '' 
 the bodyguard 's expression did n't change . 
 he stared straight ahead , but said roughly , `` not and living . '' 
 when madison turned back to tara , her smile faded . 
 `` i 'm not here about my husband . 
 i 'm here about my aunt . '' 
 `` is she missing ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` is it her husband you 're concerned about ? '' 
 madison shook her head . 
 `` no , her husband died more than ten years ago . 
 i 'm here because she 's not doing well health-wise , and she 's in a huge feud with her sons . '' 
 `` you do realize i 'm not a family therapist ? '' 
 tara asked dryly . 
 madison 's eye 's narrowed . 
 `` i know exactly what you do . 
 i chose you because no one knows you . 
 you 're perfect for what i have in mind . '' 
 the hair on the back of tara 's neck stood up . 
 madison continued . 
 `` my family is-complicated . 
 aunt patrice has four sons . 
 they 've had issues with each other in the past , but were on their way toward moving past them when something happened . 
 no one will tell me what . 
 they 're accusing my aunt of all sorts of things . 
 she denies everything . 
 i tried to sort it out , but my father forbade me to see my aunt again . 
 imagine that ? 
 forbade me . 
 he knows what 's going on , but he wo n't tell me . 
 that 's why i want to hire you . 
 i need you to get in there , talk to people , and figure out what everyone is hiding . 
 my cousin gio is about to set a wedding date , but his family is in shambles . 
 they did n't even get together for the holidays . 
 i need to do something fast or this is going to be the worst andrade wedding ever . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , but you 've wasted your time coming here , mrs. d'argenson . 
 i work exclusively on infidelity cases . '' 
 madison shrugged . 
 `` so , stretch a little . 
 this job will be easy . 
 start calling me maddy . 
 i 'll introduce you as my friend . 
 all you have to do is work your pi magic . 
 find out what 's going on . 
 and do it fast so i have time to fix it before the wedding . '' 
 tara hated to pass up the money , but she decided to follow her gut and turn this job down . 
 her specialty was surveillance , not undercover work . 
 she pushed off the edge of her desk and stood . 
 `` you 're looking for a different kind of pi . 
 if you want someone followed , i can do that . 
 i can compile a file of photos documenting exactly where someone has been and who they 've met with , but i do n't do the kind of investigative work you 're looking for . '' 
 madison stood and held tara 's eyes . 
 all lightheartedness fell away . 
 `` name your price . '' 
 tara shook her head . 
 money was tempting , but it never ruled her decisions . 
 she believed in what she did and how she did it . 
 she 'd seen too many in her line of work lose their way for a fee . 
 the truth could be twisted . 
 details could be forgotten . 
 all for a price . 
 tara made enough money to pay her bills and save a little each month for her future . 
 she did n't need to sell her soul to get ahead . 
 she was doing just fine . 
 `` sorry . '' 
 `` how much is your normal rate ? 
 fifteen thousand ? 
 i 'll triple it . 
 i 'll also pay all of your expenses . 
 whatever you need . '' 
 tara moved behind her desk and sat back down , an act meant as a dismissal . 
 she hated lies , and what madison was asking her to do would involve a whole lot of that . 
 `` i hope you find your answers , mrs. d'argenson , but i ca n't help you . '' 
 `` i 'll pay you a hundred thousand dollars . 
 fifty thousand as a retainer and fifty thousand when you bring me the information i 'm looking for . '' 
 shit , that 's a lot of money . 
 i dodged a bullet by saying no . 
 no one pays that much for something legal . 
 considering her family and her social circle , getting involved in what sounded like a possibly emotionally explosive situation could easily end the career of a small-time pi . 
 it could even get her killed . 
 `` goodbye , mrs. d'argenson . '' 
 instead of leaving , as tara expected , madison opened her purse , riffled through it for a moment , and pulled out a photo . 
 she laid it down on the desk in front of tara and pointed to the people in it . 
 `` my name is maddy . 
 when you say no to me , you 're saying no to them . 
 these are my cousins : gio , luke , nick , and max . 
 they had it rough for a while and were lost to us for a long time . 
 look how happy they are in this photo . 
 it 's because they were all together and back with the family . 
 i am this close , '' madison used her fingers to measure an inch , `` to figuring out why they left us in the first place and what keeps tearing them away from each other . 
 i do n't care what it costs or what i need to do to make that happen . 
 this is about family , and i wo n't give up on them . '' 
 tara looked past madison and met the eyes of her bodyguard . 
 with a wry twist of her lips , tara said , `` she has a hard time hearing the word no . '' 
 he inclined his head in a subtle acknowledgement of tara 's observation . 
 tara picked up the photo and studied it . 
 four drop-dead gorgeous men in outrageously expensive tuxedos-hard to feel pity for any of them . 
 however , she spent her life behind the lens of a camera and every photo told a story . 
 tara could feel the pain their family had gone through . 
 it was there in the awkward way the four men stood next to each other . 
 together , but not quite . 
 cautiously happy . 
 one man in particular stood out more than the others . 
 he had the same dark good looks and impressive build as the others , but the expression in his eyes pulled tara in . 
 a yearning ? 
 he stood a foot away from the others , detached , as if he wanted to be anywhere but there . 
 tara 's heart beat wildly in her chest as she continued to study him . 
 she could n't label the emotion sweeping over her , nor could she deny it . 
 she turned the photo around and pointed to him . 
 `` who is he ? '' 
 madison leaned closer . 
 `` max andrade . 
 he 's the youngest of the four brothers and the one i 'm most worried about . 
 gio , the one on the far left , is getting married , and max is presently saying he 's not sure if he 'll come to the wedding . 
 he has to come . 
 it will break gio 's heart if he does n't . 
 i need to know what has made him so angry . 
 i ca n't help any of them if i do n't know what 's going on . 
 will you help me ? '' 
 tara looked at the photo again , losing herself for a moment in max 's eyes . 
 this is a bad , bad idea . 
 `` tell me again what you want me to do , maddy . '' 
 *** max andrade looked out over the ocean , both hands in the pockets of his peacoat . 
 as far as investment property went , slater island , just off the coast of rhode island , was n't ideal . 
 he preferred warmer climates for his resorts , but his team had stumbled upon a family who was looking to sell three side-by-side oceanfront lots . 
 the urgency of their situation meant he 'd get the land for a good deal . 
 if he could talk the homeowners on either side to sell , he 'd have a sizable portion of the island . 
 the project would change the location from a quiet place of seasonal owners to a bustling resort island . 
 some would thank him . 
 some would curse him . 
 he never spent much time worrying about what anyone thought of him . 
 this was business , pure and simple . 
 maxwell enterprises had proven it could weather publicity storms without faltering . 
 `` max , you have two visitors , '' dale , his assistant , said behind him . 
 although dale was young , he was top-notch . 
 only in his late twenties himself , max did n't choose his employees based on experience . 
 he chose people who were as hungry for success as he was . 
 dale would one day leave and likely start his own company , and max would n't begrudge the move . 
 nothing was forever and loyalty was a myth . 
 max did n't care who came or went in his company as long as when they worked for him , they gave him one hundred fifty percent . 
 his independent business practices had cost him several friendships , but as much as he did n't expect loyalty , he also did n't give it . 
 he had n't grown his trust fund into a hotel and casino empire by wasting time worrying about how anyone felt about anything . 
 he chose projects and made them happen . 
 period . 
 no second-guessing . 
 no regrets . 
 bold . 
 straightforward . 
 unapologetic . 
 that 's how he lived his life . 
 max continued looking out over the ocean . 
 who would intrude on a site evaluation without as much as a phone call to clear the visit ? 
 only family . 
 he had n't told them he was in new england , but that would n't stop them . 
 of his three brothers , he knew it was n't gio . 
 gio wore his role as head of the family like a crown and guarded the family company , cogent , as if it were his kingdom-rarely leaving , unless business required it . 
 it could be luke or nick . 
 for a successful surgeon , luke had an annoying amount of energy and time left over to mother-hen his brothers . 
 he had n't been happy when max had announced he might not attend gio 's wedding . 
 please , do n't let it be luke who is here . 
 i hate that disappointed look he gives me when i tell him what is and is n't his business . 
 if it 's nick , i hope he 's sober . 
 luke claimed nick was doing well working with gio ; max could n't imagine that lasting long . 
 he used to believe his family could work out their problems , but he used to believe in santa claus , too . 
 life is better performed as a solo act . 
 thinking anyone else actually gives a shit about you is setting yourself up for a huge letdown . 
 want to know why anyone does anything ? 
 figure out what they are getting out of it . 
 people can say what they want , but at the end of the day , they choose what 's best for themselves-every time . 
 even luke . 
 he could talk a good game , but when it came to anything ugly , he was remarkably blind and deaf . 
 he did n't like confrontation , so he always tried to smooth things over . 
 dr. denial . 
 `` who is it ? '' 
 max demanded , still not turning away from the view he could no longer enjoy . 
 `` one says she 's your cousin . 
 she said she brought a friend by to meet you . 
 you have to see the other woman . 
 she 's smoking hot . 
 i wish my cousins had friends like that . '' 
 max groaned . 
 luke had warned him madison d'argenson was playing some matchmaking game that involved the four of them . 
 honestly , max had n't cared enough to pay attention to the details . 
 since childhood , he 'd only seen madison on a handful of occasions , so until that moment he had n't expected her foolishness to extend to him . 
 `` tell madison i 'm in a meeting . '' 
 `` i tried , but she said she 'd wait . 
 i believe she saw you out here on the lawn anyway . 
 i let them into the main house to wait for you . 
 i would n't have done that normally , but since she 's your family , i figured you 'd want her to be comfortable . '' 
 `` that 's fine , '' max said impatiently , and turned to walk toward the main house . 
 he was irritated , but not with dale . 
 `` i 'll handle this . '' 
 he strode up the steps and into the stately mansion . 
 normally he would have closed the door firmly to announce his entry , but what he overheard one of the women say intrigued him enough to shut it quietly and listen . 
 `` i feel like a streetwalker in this dress . '' 
 `` you look fine . '' 
 `` you are two sizes smaller than i am and shorter . 
 the dress might fit you , but it does n't fit me . '' 
 `` then you should n't have said no when i offered to buy you an outfit for today . '' 
 `` i thought you 'd let me choose from my closet if i refused your offer . '' 
 `` do n't take this the wrong way , but i 've seen your wardrobe . '' 
 `` is there a right way to take that ? '' 
 max heard his cousin sigh impatiently . 
 `` i did n't mean it that way . 
 besides , this is max . 
 he 's not going to be shocked by a little cleavage . 
 i 've seen some of his staff wear a sliver of that dress as a uniform . 
 it 's important that he like you . '' 
 `` if this dress is any indication of his taste , i 'm sure we wo n't have much in common . '' 
 max stepped into the open . 
 he was prepared to be amused by a woman overflowing an undersized dress . 
 he did n't expect to momentarily lose his ability to speak or breathe at the sight of her . 
 in his line of work , he was surrounded by beautiful women . 
 he 'd slept with his fair share along the way , and , until that moment , he would have said he was hard to impress . 
 she was stunning . 
 the electric blue dress looked like it had been painted on her , doing nothing to hide long legs he wanted to run his hands up . 
 the neckline displayed the inside curves of what he decided were the world 's most perfect breasts . 
 he imagined releasing them , tasting them , burying his face between them . 
 he shook his head . 
 he met her eyes and almost blushed at the knowing amusement he saw dancing there . 
 brown hair . 
 brown eyes . 
 tacky , scanty dress . 
 he would n't have said she was his taste at all , but he could n't look away . 
 madison rushed forward and hugged him . 
 `` max , i hope it 's okay we came by . 
 i heard you were in the area , and richard had the day off , which left me free to fly up to see you . '' 
 max hugged her back awkwardly . 
 `` poor richard , ditched with the kids . '' 
 madison stepped back and put a hand on one hip . 
 `` he loves being with them , and it 's only for a few hours . '' 
 when max gave her a doubtful look , madison changed the subject and turned to introduce her friend . 
 `` max , this is my friend tara . 
 we had planned to spend the day together , so i brought her with me . 
 she 's a new yorker just like me . '' 
 max held out his hand . 
 `` a pleasure . '' 
 and it was , so much more than he wanted it to be . 
 the soft touch of her hand in his had him wondering how soft the rest of her body was . 
 `` nice to meet you . 
 maddy has told me a lot about you , '' tara said breathlessly . 
 the spark in her eyes confirmed she also felt the sizzle from their touch . 
 `` and yet you still came , '' he shot her a smooth smile . 
 tara removed her hand from his and stepped back . 
 `` as she said , we had plans , and i 've never been to rhode island . 
 this is a beautiful island . 
 so peaceful . 
 considering a summer home ? '' 
 since his plans for the area were not a secret , he saw no reason not to tell her . 
 `` resort complex . 
 the depth of the ocean floor on this side of the island would allow even the large cruise ships to dock . '' 
 `` cruise ships ? 
 would n't that completely change the island ? '' 
 tara looked at the grand staircase just outside the door . 
 `` wait , you 're planning to knock this beautiful house down ? '' 
 `` neither has value to me as they are , so yes and yes . '' 
 `` no value ? 
 i bet the people who live here do n't feel that way . 
 i can only imagine how the owners of this house feel about your plans for it . 
 this must have been an amazing gathering place for their family . '' 
 max hated how her comment made him think of another time , another island-family that would never be the same . 
 `` my resort will bring jobs , and you 'd be surprised how quickly people become less nostalgic about belongings when offered a good price for them . '' 
 maddy turned to look at the large marble foyer . 
 `` have you considered keeping it for yourself , max ? 
 it really is a grand home . '' 
 `` i do n't need a house . 
 i have hotels all over the world . 
 i 'm never short of a place to sleep . '' 
 maddy pursed her lips and looked him over critically . 
 `` that 's no way to live . '' 
 losing patience with the direction of this conversation , max said , `` i really should get back to - '' madison held up one hand and took out her phone . 
 `` i just got a message from richard . 
 i 'm going to step in the other room for a minute to call him . '' 
 when neither max nor tara answered her , she said , `` okay , so i 'll be right next door if you need me . '' 
 she conveniently left max alone with tara . 
 madison had never been known for her subtlety . 
 max leaned in and said , `` i know why you 're here . '' 
 tara 's head shot back , and she searched his eyes . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 max kept his voice low . 
 `` i should warn you , though . 
 i do n't do relationships . '' 
 she cocked her head to one side . 
 `` i 'm sorry ? '' 
 `` luke told me about madison 's matchmaking bet . 
 i 'm flattered you flew up here to meet me , but for the sake of clarity : i 'm not interested in anything more than a few hours at a hotel . 
 but if you 're okay with that , i 'm free tonight . '' 
 `` wow , '' tara said , her voice thick with sarcasm , `` that 's quite an ego . '' 
 he shrugged . 
 `` a lot of drama can be avoided by being blunt from the beginning . 
 if you stay , it 's your decision , and you know the score . 
 if you do n't , that 's also your decision . 
 there are plenty of other options for both of us . '' 
 `` should i tell you now i did n't come here as part of a matchmaking bet , or should i let you keep talking ? '' 
 she put a hand on one hip , which pulled her dress even tighter across her breasts , something max tried to ignore but could n't . 
 his heart thudded in his chest even as he forced his face and voice to remain calm . 
 he fought the urge to dig a hand into the hair at the nape of her neck and pull her face to his . 
 he leaned forward again until his lips hovered over hers . 
 `` there 's no need to be embarrassed about it . 
 i 'm interested . '' 
 her other hand went to her hip , and she pursed her lips in a beautiful act of irritation . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 tell me , do women actually sleep with you after you spout this shit to them ? '' 
 max frowned . 
 her question took him completely off guard and he answered honestly : `` many , yes . '' 
 humor lit tara 's eyes . 
 she laughed as she spoke . 
 `` you have really bad taste in women . '' 
 madison returned before max had a chance to respond to tara . 
 `` sorry about that . 
 richard wanted to know if we 'd be home in time for dinner . 
 i told him we were just up here for lunch . 
 will you be able to join us , max ? '' 
 max looked at tara for a long moment . 
 he did n't like being a source of amusement for her any more than he liked how easily she 'd dismissed the idea of sleeping with him . 
 although he did n't flaunt his dating practices in the papers as nick had always done , max had never found it difficult to find companionship . 
 he was young , good-looking , rich , and from a prominent family . 
 add his cocky attitude , and normally women all but threw themselves at him . 
 it was n't something he bragged about , but until now it was something he 'd taken for granted . 
 tara looked far from impressed , and that intrigued max . 
 was it an act or did she actually not find him attractive ? 
 he wanted-no , needed-to know . 
 he decided to spend more time with tara , but not with madison around . 
 he looked down at this watch . 
 `` i ca n't . 
 i have a working lunch planned . 
 perhaps another day ? '' 
 he directed his question subtly at tara , who shook her head and smiled . 
 madison missed the exchange and said , `` i 'd like that . 
 are you seriously considering not attending gio 's wedding ? '' 
 `` i said i would go , but only on my terms . '' 
 `` which are ? '' 
 maddy asked . 
 `` not as a groomsman . 
 i need to get in and get out as i please . '' 
 tara watched the exchange and added dryly , `` you have some serious commitment issues . '' 
 max parried , `` and you 're overly generous with opinions no one asked you for . '' 
 tara raised her hands in mock apology , `` sorry , did n't mean to judge . 
 it just fit in so well with everything else you 're afraid of . '' 
 `` you know nothing about me , '' max growled . 
 tara shrugged with frustrating indifference . 
 `` you 're right . '' 
 madison stayed surprisingly quiet during the exchange . 
 `` i live my life the way i want to , not because i 'm afraid of anyone or anything . '' 
 looking irritatingly amused , tara threw up her hands again . 
 `` you do n't have to prove anything to me . 
 we 'll probably never meet again . '' 
 the idea of not seeing tara again was unacceptable to max , but he was n't about to admit it . 
 not there . 
 not in front of madison . 
 `` exactly . '' 
 madison picked up her coat from the linen-covered back of one of the chairs . 
 she gave max a kiss on one cheek then finished buttoning her coat . 
 `` we 've interrupted your work long enough . 
 come on , tara . 
 let 's go to lunch . '' 
 tara put on her coat and held out her hand to shake max 's . 
 `` this was interesting , max andrade . '' 
 max took her hand in his , once again shaken by the jolt the simple touch from her could send through him . 
 he leaned down to speak softly in her ear . 
 `` we will meet again , tara . 
 will you be as outspoken without my cousin ? '' 
 tara raised one hand , gave him a pat on the cheek , and whispered , `` i will if you 're still being an ass . '' 
 then she turned and followed madison out of the house . 
 max stood in the middle of the foyer staring at the door tara had walked through . 
 he had dinner plans that evening with a model he 'd met the week before during a transatlantic flight . 
 they 'd already slept together once , and she seemed eager enough to repeat the experience . 
 she did n't have a problem with his need to keep things casual . 
 she knew not to expect to sleep over . 
 no drama . 
 which made her a much more practical choice than tara would ever be . 
 and inexplicably less exciting . 
 he called and canceled his date for that night . 
 fuck practical . 
 he had to find a way to see tara again . 
 chapter two in the backseat of an island taxi , maddy turned and took both of tara 's hands in hers . 
 `` you 're a genius . 
 i knew i was right to hire you . 
 you played that perfectly . 
 he 's intrigued ; i bet he calls you . '' 
 tara pried her hands out of maddy 's and clasped them on her lap . 
 `` i was n't playing at anything . '' 
 maddy smiled . 
 `` you know what i mean . 
 i could n't have prepped you better for how to flirt with him . 
 now just reel him in . 
 get him to come to new york . '' 
 with a frown , tara said , `` i 'm not reeling anyone anywhere . 
 is that why you put me in this ridiculous dress ? 
 you were hoping he 'd like me ? 
 he mentioned some matchmaking bet . 
 i did n't sign up to be part of anything like that . '' 
 maddy wrinkled her nose unhappily , then waved a hand in the air dismissively . 
 `` i wish he did n't know about the bet , but do n't worry , none of that has anything to do with you . 
 my cousin 's wife , nicole , and i lined up the perfect women for him to meet , but we 'll pursue that after i find out what 's going on . 
 all you need to do is help me get him back to new york . '' 
 well , that 's both reassuring and insulting at the same time . 
 `` so why does it matter if he 's attracted to me ? '' 
 as if explaining something that should have been evident to tara , maddy said , `` max is a man . 
 if he likes you he 's going to lower his guard to you . 
 you 're the pi here . 
 is n't that something you could use to your advantage to get information out of him ? '' 
 tara looked out the window of the taxi . 
 `` as i told you , my business has consisted solely of tracking and photographing . 
 i do n't like lies . 
 i 'm not comfortable with manipulating people . '' 
 `` a little flirtation is harmless . 
 you might even enjoy it if you relaxed a little . '' 
 maddy tapped her fingers on the door of the cab and said , `` you did n't find max attractive at all ? '' 
 tara met her eyes . 
 `` i 've never met a more arrogant , self-serving , overconfident ass . '' 
 a grin spread across maddy 's face . 
 `` that must have been some talk the two of you had when i stepped out of the room . '' 
 `` if you must know , the lost cousin you think you need to coddle offered me a few hours at a local hotel . 
 i have n't received a proposition that easy to turn down since some guy in a bar told me he had a six-pack in the trunk of his car and wanted to know if i 'd go for a drive and share it with him . '' 
 maddy 's eyes widened . 
 `` that 's surprising . 
 max is usually so smooth with women . '' 
 `` is that what gave him his enormous ego ? 
 i personally found nothing attractive about him-at all . '' 
 maddy groaned . 
 `` oh , no . 
 i know that tone . 
 listen , normally i 'm all about people hooking up . 
 and i like you , but we need to stay focused here . 
 max is only one of the people i want you to get close to . 
 luke is also single and just as in demand with the ladies . 
 you ca n't go getting moony-eyed over either one of them . 
 it 'd be better if you looked available to both of them . 
 at least until we figure out what 's going on . 
 agreed ? '' 
 `` i just told you i could n't be less interested in max . '' 
 maddy studied tara 's face and shook her head . 
 `` dammit . 
 plan b. stay away from max . 
 do n't try to lure him anywhere . 
 just focus on getting to know the rest of the family . '' 
 the taxi pulled up to the island airport , cutting off what would have been yet another denial about feelings for max . 
 she followed maddy onto her private jet . 
 tara was n't about to bring up the subject of max again , but she was tempted to explain to maddy exactly why she could never have any feelings for max 's type . 
 tara did n't make the same mistake twice . 
 she 'd already dated someone like max in college : good-looking , cocky , and wealthy . 
 ted had said he loved her , and she 'd believed him . 
 they 'd moved in together right after college , and tara had thought she 'd found her happily ever after , even if sometimes she 'd felt like it was n't exactly as she 'd imagined it would be . 
 it had been good , but looking back , she would n't describe it as ever having been great . 
 while job-hunting , tara had remembered her childhood dream of being a private investigator and , for fun , had decided to follow ted . 
 she had n't expected to see him go anywhere besides the gym he practically lived in . 
 seeing him drive to another woman 's house and watching her greet him at the door with a kiss changed tara forever . 
 at first she had n't believed what her eyes had shown her , so she 'd taken a picture of him with her phone . 
 she 'd taken another photo of him the next night when he 'd taken another woman to dinner . 
 the day she 'd left him , she 'd printed out the pictures and laid them on the counter . 
 no argument . 
 no need to talk it out . 
 unlike men , photos did n't lie . 
 the evidence had freed her . 
 soon after that , a friend had asked tara to trail her potentially unfaithful husband . 
 tara had and then presented the evidence of his betrayal in full color . 
 tara 's unexpected career had taken off , growing solely by word of mouth . 
 she 'd named her agency new holmes because she liked to think that what she brought people was a truth that , although it hurt to hear , brought the person a chance to start over with a guilt-free , clean slate . 
 and if , by doing so , she gave women the ammunition to stick it to a few cheating , rich husbands who thought they could hide their money and their girlfriends-that was just gravy . 
 once a playboy , always a playboy . 
 so , no , max was not her type . 
 not at all . 
 *** a week later , max sat in the living room of the penthouse suite in his london hotel , answering work emails . 
 dale reported the family on slater island had accepted their low counteroffer and their lawyers could close on the property with his okay . 
 he told dale to move forward with it but to hold off lining up the demolition crew , then slammed the laptop shut . 
 he blamed jetlag for his miserable mood , but the truth was he 'd been in a funk since he 'd left rhode island . 
 he 'd made the mistake of walking around the island after madison and tara left . 
 it was a quaint , mostly underdeveloped , mini-version of martha 's vineyard . 
 people greeted him as they passed him on the street . 
 a few stopped and asked him where he was from and if he was staying for long . 
 they were disturbingly open and friendly . 
 he wanted to tell them : `` hey , do n't be so fucking happy to see me . 
 i 'm about to change everything you like about this place . '' 
 his walk had taken him back to the row of exquisite homes he was about to purchase . 
 he stood there , looking out over the water again , thinking about the andrade wedding he had attended on isola santos . 
 that island had been in his family for generations , and seeing so many of his relatives gathered for his cousin 's wedding had brought back painful memories he thought he 'd effectively shed long ago . 
 he remembered visiting that island as a child with his father and brothers and always feeling like an outsider . 
 according to his mother , the uncles had never accepted her and , because of that , would never accept her sons . 
 what he knew of his uncles , victor and alessandro , and what he felt when around them never matched . 
 they spoke of family and loyalty but had betrayed him and his brothers when they 'd needed family the most . 
 max had been a teenager when his father had died . 
 back then , he had n't known his father had started a new family in venice while still married to his mother . 
 gio had discovered that secret shame when he 'd gone to retrieve their father 's body but had kept it to himself . 
 after their father 's death , his brothers had fought viciously . 
 max could n't remember why . 
 it never took much . 
 finally , uncle victor had intervened and invited them to spend a summer with family on isola santos . 
 for a short time , max and his brothers had gotten along and had felt accepted by that side of their family . 
 but it had n't been real . 
 none of it . 
 his uncles had covered old lies with layers of new ones . 
 like a house built on an old garbage dump , a life built on lies eventually begins to rot from the inside out . 
 gio had been the first to leave . 
 he 'd been furious when he 'd left , but he 'd refused to say why . 
 he pulled away from everyone , claiming he was overwhelmed with his responsibilities at the family company . 
 nick had followed and joined gio at cogent for a short time , then had taken off to party with his friends . 
 max and luke had stayed with the andrade uncles the longest . 
 they 'd even traveled with them . 
 wherever they went , whomever they met , alessandro and victor introduced max as family , and the title held importance . 
 uncle victor often said , `` you 're an andrade , and to an andrade , family is everything . '' 
 max had believed them and , for the first time in his life , could remember being proud of his family . 
 for a short time , he 'd felt as if he 'd belonged somewhere . 
 until gio called and told luke and max they needed to come home . 
 he claimed nothing was as it appeared . 
 the uncles had manipulated them , betrayed them . 
 none of george andrade 's sons had or would ever truly be accepted in that family . 
 gio 's proof had been how they 'd stolen gio 's inheritance-the island . 
 recently , gio had flipped the story and now claimed the uncles had n't stolen anything , but it was too late . 
 max had spent years overcoming what had been another loss to him . 
 he was n't angry . 
 he did n't allow himself to feel one way or another about much when it came to people . 
 caring was a waste of time and energy . 
 which was why he refused to be moved by the friendly welcome he 'd received on slater island . 
 for all he knew , it had been staged as an attempt to make him reconsider his plans . 
 tossing his laptop onto the couch beside him , max decided the sooner he leveled the homes on slater island the better . 
 he did n't like that he could n't stop thinking about the island . 
 and tara . 
 he wanted to call madison and ask for tara 's last name , but he told himself she had made her choice . 
 even if tara suddenly became interested in him , the fact that she was madison 's friend should have been enough of a turnoff . 
 being with tara would be complicated , and he avoided complicated . 
 yet there he was , sitting in london , wondering where tara was and what she was doing . 
 he took out his phone and called luke . 
 `` max , hey , this is a surprise . 
 hang on , let me close the door . '' 
 max felt a little guilty at how happy luke always sounded to hear from him . 
 `` if you 're at work we can talk later . '' 
 `` no , i 'm finishing up paperwork . 
 surgeries are done for today . 
 where are you ? '' 
 with luke it was always best to be vague . 
 `` you know me , traveling for work . 
 i was wondering if you still talk to madison . '' 
 `` absolutely . 
 what 's up ? '' 
 max hesitated . 
 `` have you met her friend tara ? '' 
 `` we went to dinner this week . '' 
 `` you took tara out to dinner ? '' 
 max instantly regretted both his question and the emotion his question revealed . 
 luke chuckled . 
 `` i went to dinner with maddy at richard 's new restaurant , and tara joined us . 
 why ? 
 do you know her ? '' 
 the conversation had already gone off course . 
 max ground out , `` no . '' 
 instantly serious , luke said , `` hey , nothing happened with her and me . 
 she 's pretty , but there was no spark there . '' 
 thank god . 
 luke continued , `` she seems like a very nice woman , max . '' 
 `` i was merely curious if you had met her . '' 
 `` sure . 
 okay , we 'll go with that . 
 did you decide yet about gio 's dinner ? 
 he wants everyone together when he selects the date for his wedding . '' 
 `` he does n't need me there for that . '' 
 `` because you 're not attending the wedding ? '' 
 luke did n't hide his displeasure . 
 `` we already talked about this , luke . 
 if gio wants all or nothing , he 'll get nothing . 
 no dinner will change that . '' 
 luke sighed . 
 `` i 'm asking you to do this , max . 
 not because you want to , but because it 's the right thing to do . 
 gio wo n't say it , but he needs all of us right now . 
 he has n't been the same since stephan 's wedding , even though he seems happy with julia . 
 he 's run-down , but he wo n't take time off . 
 i do n't know if it 's work-related or julia-related . 
 he wo n't tell me . '' 
 `` because it 's none of your business . '' 
 `` we 're brothers . 
 we are all each other 's business . 
 we always have been , and we always will be . '' 
 as always , luke saw only what he wanted to see . 
 `` gio is moody . 
 that 's who he is . 
 you know my opinion on the subject : he 'd be a hell of a lot happier if he left new york and spent time away from the family . 
 nick is probably driving him nuts . '' 
 `` that 's not true , max . 
 you 'd see that if you came home . 
 gio and nick make a good team at cogent . 
 they 're each happier than i 've seen them in a long time . 
 they are spending time with our uncles and that side of the family , and it seems to be good for both of them . 
 on the whole , things are good here . '' 
 `` except for whatever problem gio is having . '' 
 `` yes , except for that . 
 and no one knows what to do about mother . 
 she 's in rare form lately . '' 
 `` see , this is why i ca n't talk to you , luke . 
 things can not be perfect and perfectly fucked up at the same time . 
 i can handle mother for about five minutes . 
 i can handle the rest of you for about ten more . 
 we 're old enough to stop pretending things are ever going to be different . '' 
 luke was quiet for a moment . 
 `` so , what do you want , max ? 
 you called me for a reason . 
 what is it ? '' 
 max punched the couch beside him . 
 talking to his family always tangled his emotions until he did n't know how he felt about anything . 
 he took a deep breath and distanced himself as much as he could . 
 in a cool voice , he asked , `` do you know tara 's last name ? '' 
 `` holmes . 
 she lives in murray hill . '' 
 max closed his eyes . 
 there was nothing left to say . 
 luke would forgive his comments , he always did , but max did n't like that he wanted to apologize . 
 he should n't feel badly about speaking the truth . 
 `` thanks , luke . '' 
 luke said something under his breath , then started to say , `` max - '' `` i have to go , luke , '' max said and hung up . 
 he tossed his phone on the couch beside his laptop . 
 fuck . 
 and that is why my ass is not going to new york anytime soon . 
 especially not for some damn woman i do n't even know . 
 chapter three the following week tara rolled out of bed , her eyes still half closed , and made her way to the bathroom . 
 she studied herself in the mirror as she washed her hands a few moments later . 
 she looked as tired as she felt . 
 maddy had her social calendar overflowing with afternoon teas , lunch dates with her friends , and dinners with family members almost every night . 
 tara was n't normally the type to dress up , but maddy had her dressed to the hilt in exclusive venues almost nightly . 
 not only could tara barely recognize herself , she was getting lost in a mountain of maddy 's lies . 
 where i met maddy . 
 how long i 've known her . 
 the recent breakup that supposedly has me so sad that maddy is taking me everywhere to cheer me up . 
 i am living proof a person can become exactly what they despise . 
 i dedicate my life to uncovering liars-and then do this . 
 and why ? 
 she gave herself a stern look in the mirror . 
 because i 'm a sucker . 
 because i took one look at a man in a photo , fell for the sad expression in his eyes , and agreed to a job i knew i was n't suited for . 
 how could i have been so off in my judgment ? 
 max does n't need sympathy ; he needs someone to take that big ego down a peg or two . 
 she wiped the stray mascara away and told herself the job would soon be over . 
 maddy 's family had welcomed her into their circle . 
 they seemed to trust tara . 
 surely one of them would have the answers maddy sought . 
 if i do n't totally lose myself before then . 
 what is the saying ? 
 the road to hell is paved with good intentions ? 
 i either have to stop lying or stop feeling so guilty about it . 
 i wish i were more like brigitte . 
 her roommate was n't weighed down by a moral compass . 
 she lived exactly as she wanted to , no excuses , no apologies . 
 brigitte designed high-end suits for businessmen and traveled extensively to meet with her clients . 
 she was chic , modern , and blatantly sexual . 
 although she and tara had little in common , as roommates they meshed well . 
 in fact , brigitte was the perfect test to know if a guy tara was dating would stray . 
 brigitte could reduce most men to a puddle of drool in sixty seconds or less . 
 a perk for brigitte was tara 's tolerance for what brigitte called leftovers : men who did n't understand that a one-night stand should n't include sleeping over . 
 brigitte hated awkward morning-after meetings , so she left without saying goodbye to the men . 
 there was something pathetically endearing about a man stumbling around the apartment looking for a woman he thought he 'd won over with his prowess . 
 time and experience had honed tara 's skill with handling the male ego , letting them down gently , and even offering breakfast if they looked sad enough . 
 they were n't a scary bunch . 
 brigitte had good taste and brought home nothing less than buff , well-educated men whose only crime was believing sex meant anything to a woman like brigitte . 
 there was something enviable about how brigitte dated , even if tara did n't emulate her lifestyle . 
 pleasure for the sake of pleasure without expectations of more . 
 a female version of max . 
 tara did n't like the comparison . 
 she 'd prefer to see brigitte as a woman who could not be contained by societal taboos . 
 and max ? 
 he was just another man who expected every woman to fall at his feet at the idea of sleeping with him before he moved on to the next . 
 i need coffee . 
 tara padded into the kitchen and smiled when she saw a familiar bare back in front of the stove . 
 the smell of fresh bacon and eggs was a welcome surprise . 
 tara sank into one of the chairs at the small kitchen table . 
 `` morning , dyson . 
 is brigitte already gone ? '' 
 she might not be . 
 dyson was already an exception to brigitte 's other rules . 
 he was the only repeat overnighter and had been for more than a year . 
 for brigitte , that was practically a relationship . 
 any day now tara expected brigitte to do something crazy like stay to have breakfast with him . 
 dyson turned with a spatula in one hand . 
 `` long gone . 
 she flew away to meet with shop owners in france . 
 she 's hoping to break into the small boutiques . 
 hungry ? '' 
 `` starving . 
 thanks . '' 
 he handed her a plate with enough eggs and bacon to necessitate an extra hour at the gym , but tara was too hungry to care . 
 she gave in to the infrequent indulgence . 
 `` so , where were you last night ? 
 we tried to call you . 
 we could have met for dinner , '' dyson said and handed her a mug of hot coffee with milk but no sugar , just the way she liked it . 
 tara took a sip and closed her eyes for a moment . 
 `` working . '' 
 she opened her eyes in time to see him place his own heaping plate across from hers . 
 `` until midnight ? '' 
 dyson asked in what tara jokingly referred to as his brotherly tone of voice . 
 `` yes , until midnight . '' 
 `` what part of town ? 
 brigitte said you were n't saying much about this new job . 
 who are you working for ? '' 
 `` you know i ca n't tell you that : client confidentiality . '' 
 `` but it 's still your usual unfaithful husband detail , right ? '' 
 `` not exactly . '' 
 `` i do n't like the way that sounds . '' 
 `` well , dad , luckily it has nothing to do with you , '' tara said sarcastically , although her tone held no bite . 
 dyson sat across from her and shrugged . 
 `` whatever you 're up to , just be careful . 
 make sure someone knows where you are . 
 text me if no one else . '' 
 `` it 's not a dangerous job . 
 i know what i 'm doing . '' 
 dyson dug into his eggs and rolled his eyes . 
 `` that 's what you say about all of your jobs , but one day you 're going to undercover something you should n't , and things could get ugly . '' 
 tara leaned forward , waving her fork at him . 
 `` you worry too much . '' 
 `` and you are uptight lately . 
 it 's not good for you to spend all your time tracking down cheaters . 
 when was the last time you even dated ? 
 was it the police officer ? 
 no , it was the lawyer you met during that divorce case . 
 that was ... shit , six months ago . 
 you 're pretty , tara . 
 i have friends , if you 're lonely . '' 
 tara laid her head on the table and groaned . 
 am i really getting relationship advice from brigitte 's booty call ? 
 she raised her head and would have told dyson off , but he looked so damn sincere . 
 `` i 'm fine . 
 thanks . '' 
 the buzzer to the apartment went off . 
 tara looked across at dyson . 
 `` i 'm not expecting anyone . '' 
 dyson raised one shoulder dismissively . 
 `` do n't look at me . '' 
 tara stood and went to the intercom . 
 `` hello ? '' 
 `` tara , it 's me , maddy . 
 may i come up ? '' 
 tara looked back at dyson then back at the intercom . 
 how likely was it maddy would accept an excuse that she was busy ? 
 not very . 
 `` sure . '' 
 she pressed the button to open the downstairs door . 
 a few moments later maddy was standing in her kitchen looking at dyson with big round eyes . 
 `` i did n't mean to interrupt anything , '' she said . 
 tara pulled out a chair for maddy . 
 `` this is dyson . 
 dyson , meet maddy . 
 she 's who i 'm working for right now . '' 
 maddy hesitated . 
 `` i did n't know you had a ... i mean , you should have told me . 
 i would n't have worried about you and max if i had known you were coming home to him . '' 
 tara poured a mug of coffee for maddy and plopped it down in front of her . 
 she waved a hand at dyson . 
 `` he 's not mine . 
 he 's my roommate 's . '' 
 dyson sat up straighter . 
 `` who is max ? '' 
 tara sat down at the table . 
 there was the tone again . 
 the same one her father would have used if he 'd heard tara 's name and a man 's mentioned in the same breath . 
 the thought made tara a little sad . 
 sometimes she almost forgot how much she missed her parents , then something random would remind her . 
 she 'd been okay when they had first moved down to naples , florida . 
 they sent happy emails from a retirement community by the gulf . 
 they deserved to be living out their dream retirement , but it did n't make tara miss them less . 
 `` max is nobody . 
 he 's maddy 's cousin . '' 
 dyson stabbed a piece of egg with his fork and directed his comment to maddy . 
 `` she could use a date . 
 she 's a little tense , if you know what i mean . '' 
 tara threw a piece of bacon at dyson . 
 `` do n't judge me . 
 you 've been coming here for a year , and you 're still a leftover . '' 
 dyson chewed his egg slowly then waved his fork in the air . 
 `` call me what you want , but brigitte keeps coming back to me . 
 i 'm the only one she does that with . '' 
 when tara did n't immediately answer , he asked again , `` right ? '' 
 tara reluctantly admitted , `` you 're the only repeat . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` see , i 'm different . '' 
 maddy looked back and forth between them . 
 `` should i ask ? '' 
 tara shook her head . 
 `` no , it 's better to leave dyson with his pride . '' 
 dyson held another forkful of eggs near his mouth and said , `` she 'll marry me one day , tara . 
 you 'll see . '' 
 `` people do n't change , dyson . 
 brigitte is who she is . 
 stay with her because you 're okay with things as they are . 
 but do n't stay because you think she 's going to become monogamous all of a sudden . 
 it does n't happen like that . '' 
 maddy twirled her coffee mug between her hands . 
 `` love can change a person . '' 
 tara stood up . 
 `` no , it can make them pretend to change . 
 once a cheater , always a cheater . '' 
 dyson put his fork down . 
 `` brigitte is n't a cheater . 
 she 's never lied to me . 
 i know she 's with other men when she 's not with me . 
 she does n't have to change , she merely has to choose . '' 
 scraping the remaining food off her plate into the trash , tara said , `` whatever you want to believe , dyson . 
 maddy , did we have someplace to go today ? '' 
 `` i want to take you to meet gio and julia . 
 they invited me out for brunch and said you could come along . 
 if you 're going to their party next week , this would be a good way to get to know them before then . '' 
 `` you did n't say anything yesterday . '' 
 `` they called me this morning . '' 
 `` i 'll need time to shower . '' 
 `` i 'll wait , '' maddy said with a smile . 
 `` i 'm sure dyson and i can find something to talk about . '' 
 she turned away from tara and said , `` now , about you and this brigitte . 
 you should n't let her get too comfortable . 
 i may have some ideas for you . 
 i 'm a master matchmaker ... '' tara figured the two deserved each other and headed off to shower . 
 she had the water running and was about to step into the spray when her phone rang . 
 expecting the call to be from brigitte , tara answered without checking the number . 
 `` yes , he 's still here . '' 
 `` who is still there ? '' 
 although tara had only heard his voice once before , she instantly recognized it . 
 `` max . 
 sorry , i thought you were someone else . 
 i 'd love to talk to you , but i was just about to hop into the shower . '' 
 `` alone ? '' 
 `` that 's none of your business . '' 
 `` are you seeing anyone ? '' 
 even though her bathroom door was closed , she wrapped a towel around herself . 
 `` i 'm not having this conversation with you , max . 
 i 'm sorry you got the wrong impression of me when i went up there , but by now i hope you see it was not what you thought . '' 
 he sighed . 
 `` it was n't my intention to offend you that day . '' 
 `` is that an apology ? '' 
 `` would you go to dinner with me if it were ? '' 
 his question sent a shiver down her bare back . 
 the idea of seeing him again was exciting in a way tara found difficult to rationalize away . 
 `` no . 
 but it would be a nice gesture . '' 
 `` is that what you look for in a man , tara ? 
 nice ? 
 how disappointing . '' 
 his voice was a warm caress . 
 `` we could be good together . '' 
 tara 's breathing became shallow as she tried to deny the pleasure she felt at the knowledge he was still interested in her . 
 `` for a few hours , '' tara added with forced sarcasm and tightened the towel around her . 
 wake up , tara . 
 he 's everything you do n't need . 
 `` i 'm not judging your lifestyle , max . 
 if you 're happy , then i 'm happy for you . 
 but i 'm not interested in the little you have to offer , so thank you for the call , but no thank you on the dinner . '' 
 she hung up while she was still strong enough to do so . 
 what is wrong with me ? 
 have i been without sex for so long that i 'll find anyone exciting ? 
 i do n't want to meet him at a hotel , taste every inch of him . 
 even though i 'm probably the only woman in new york not having sex , i do n't need him to show me why all those other women did n't turn him down . 
 oh , my god , what am i thinking ? 
 he 's maddy 's cousin . 
 she asked me to stay away from him . 
 i 'm sure that includes getting naked with him . 
 do n't forget he 's just like brigitte . 
 i will not be his leftover . 
 *** what little i have to offer ? 
 what does that mean ? 
 what do n't i have to offer a woman ? 
 i 'm young . 
 i 'm successful . 
 women tell me i 'm good-looking . 
 no , he was n't the `` settle down , raise a family , live to mow the lawn every saturday '' type , but that did n't mean he had nothing to offer . 
 max thought back to the women he 'd been with during the past few years . 
 sure , not all of them were pleased when they parted ways , but they did n't hate him , either . 
 there was nothing wrong with enjoying some time with another person on a temporary basis . 
 in fact , going into a relationship with a clear understanding of its lack of permanency took the drama out of the eventual breakup . 
 tara was n't an innocent . 
 in fact , this could all be a game designed to pique his interest . 
 it would n't be the first time a woman had chosen to play hard to get with him . 
 however , she was holding out with an unusual amount of fortitude . 
 the women who played it cool as part of the dating game normally understood it was also important to give him some encouragement , or he 'd lose interest . 
 tara did n't seem to care . 
 which meant she either was n't attracted to him or she had played this game before . 
 either way the result was the same . 
 she definitely had his attention . 
 getting her into his bed had become a challenge so enticing he could think of little else . 
 he decided to test her . 
 he would offer her an opportunity no woman he knew would turn down . 
 if she agreed , he 'd have her in his bed by monday . 
 if she refused ... she would n't . 
 max walked out onto the balcony of his penthouse suite in his caribbean resort and inhaled deeply , feeling more excited about this than he 'd been about anything in a long time . 
 there was a slim possibility she 'd say no . 
 then what ? 
 give up ? 
 that was n't his nature . 
 he never lost when he went after something he wanted . 
 he never had . 
 he called dale and instructed him to prepare his private plane . 
 he was heading back to the east coast in the morning . 
 he 'd finally found something worth the risk of seeing his family . 
 you will be mine , tara . 
 the only question is how hard you 'll make me work for it . 
 max called the car service he frequently used when visiting new york and asked for his usual driver . 
 he had a special request this time but promised a hefty tip if it was executed precisely as he instructed . 
 sleep was difficult that night . 
 max flew back to the states early and used his plane as an office while he waited for tara 's response to his gift . 
 chapter four tara was soaking in a bubble bath on sunday morning , reviewing the previous day . 
 meeting gio , max 's older brother , and julia , his fiancee , had been a surprisingly enjoyable experience . 
 if she ignored the fact that maddy 's family could buy and sell half of new york without blinking , they were easy people to like . 
 they 'd asked tara questions about herself and how she 'd met maddy , not because they were suspicious but because they seemed to genuinely want to get to know her . 
 by the end of the meal , tara was comfortable and laughing along with them-even if she felt a little guilty about why she was there . 
 gio andrade might be portrayed in the news as an aggressive businessman , but he was an entirely different man with his fiancee . 
 julia came from a humble background and was so sweet it was hard to imagine him with her , but she came out with little zingers now and then that showed she knew exactly how to rein in her man . 
 they were an unlikely pair , but somehow they worked . 
 what are these people hiding ? 
 at first tara did n't think there was much . 
 every glance they gave each other , every touch they exchanged , fit with what they said they were : a couple in love . 
 it was n't until the end of the meal that tara got a glimpse of trouble in paradise . 
 maddy asked if anyone had spoken to max recently . 
 gio 's expression closed instantly . 
 julia laid her hand over his , and her support softened his features . 
 he said curtly , `` no , and i do n't expect to hear from him . '' 
 julia squeezed his hand with both of hers . 
 `` our door is always open to him , gio . 
 that 's all we can do . '' 
 maddy looked on sadly . 
 `` do you know why he 's staying away ? '' 
 gio answered vaguely . 
 `` let 's not ruin today by discussing things we ca n't change . '' 
 maddy , true to form , persisted . 
 `` have you called him about coming to dinner ? 
 does he know how much you want him there ? '' 
 gio 's voice rose along with his temper . 
 `` he does n't care how i feel . 
 max does what max wants and little else . '' 
 watching the scene unfold , tara felt for each of them . 
 she 'd spent enough time with maddy to understand that her relentless pursuit of the truth was driven by love . 
 however , it was also easy to see this family was hurting and found her questions painful . 
 tara cringed when maddy suggested , `` go see him . 
 tell him how much you want him at your wedding . '' 
 gio raised a hand , signaled the waiter for the check , and coldly expedited their departure . 
 the table had turned tense and silent . 
 seeing an opportunity , tara looked across to julia and stood . 
 `` i need to stop by the ladies ' room . '' 
 as tara had hoped , julia also rose to her feet . 
 `` i 'll join you , if you do n't mind . '' 
 once inside the bathroom , tara smiled sympathetically at julia . 
 `` i figured it was better to give them a moment . '' 
 julia nodded gratefully . 
 `` maddy means well , but she can push his buttons . 
 still , they 're family , and they need to work it out . '' 
 she gave tara a tentative smile . 
 `` do n't judge gio by today . 
 he 's not always so grumpy . 
 he 's had a lot on his mind lately . '' 
 tara checked her makeup in the mirror and tried to look casual as she asked , `` because of his family or work ? '' 
 julia washed her hands in the sink . 
 `` both , i think . 
 he 's sad about his mother being ill . 
 he 's upset about max . 
 and then - '' `` then ? '' 
 julia dried her hands and hesitated . 
 she turned and shook her head as if wanting to deny what she was about to voice . 
 `` i have never been as happy as i am with gio , but i have this feeling there is something he 's not telling me . '' 
 she covered her face with both hands . 
 `` i should n't put this on you . '' 
 tara stepped closer to julia , not liking what she was about to do , but also not willing to walk away from the opportunity to uncover a clue that might help maddy . 
 `` sometimes it 's good to get the opinion of someone who is n't involved in the situation at all . '' 
 julia lowered her hands and chewed her bottom lip . 
 `` it 's not like you 're a stranger . 
 you 're maddy 's friend . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` please do n't tell maddy . 
 she would tell her father , and then the whole family would know . '' 
 `` i wo n't repeat it , '' tara lied , and to make herself feel better , added in her head , unless betraying you will help your family . 
 looking into julia 's trusting eyes , tara thought , god , i suck at undercover work . 
 you 'd better start telling me everything , julia , or i 'll be the one confessing everything . 
 julia lowered her voice and leaned closer . 
 `` something happened at gio 's company no one wants me to know about . 
 he received a package at the office that upset him . 
 he has n't been himself since . 
 when i asked , he said it was nothing . 
 i mentioned it to rena , she said she 'd look into it , but now she wo n't talk about it either . 
 gio and i are getting married soon , but i do n't know what to do with this . 
 what do you do when the person you love is hurting but wo n't tell you why ? '' 
 you hire a stranger to pump your family for answers in public bathrooms ? 
 `` i do n't know , '' tara said and put a hand lightly on julia 's arm . 
 `` did he give you any hint about what was in the package ? '' 
 julia shook her head sadly . 
 `` no . 
 he gets upset if i even try to bring it up . '' 
 `` do you trust him ? '' 
 `` with my life . 
 gio is a good man . 
 am i being paranoid ? 
 owning a business is naturally stressful , right ? 
 and if gio does n't want to bring that stress into our home , maybe it 's for the best ? '' 
 putting aside her own jaded opinion of men , tara tried to think what her mother would say at a time like this . 
 `` if this is bothering you enough to talk to me about it , then it 's important enough to bring up to gio again . 
 he might get angry , but he needs to hear how you feel . 
 my mother always said the recipe to lasting love is communication , mutual respect , and toe-curling sex . '' 
 julia 's eyes widened , and she laughed in surprise . 
 tara shrugged and smiled . 
 `` my mother calls it as she sees it . '' 
 julia put her hand on tara 's . 
 `` i like that . 
 i 'd like to believe we all have the best of our parents inside of us . 
 thanks for listening to me . 
 i know we 've just met , but i 'm glad maddy brought you to meet us . 
 i hope we can become friends , too . '' 
 `` that would be nice , '' tara said and sighed . 
 if it were n't impossible . 
 none of you are going to like me much once you find out why i 'm here . 
 `` we probably should get back to maddy and gio . '' 
 julia nodded and opened the bathroom door . 
 `` he loves her , you know . 
 she drives him crazy , but he 's happy to have her in his life . '' 
 tara followed julia back out into the restaurant . 
 `` i can see many people might feel that way about maddy . '' 
 *** lying in the tub , tara wondered again if she 'd done the right thing by not telling maddy what julia had said in the bathroom . 
 on one hand , maddy was her client and her primary concern . 
 on the other hand , gio having issues at work probably had nothing to do with why max would n't attend the wedding . 
 it was unlikely it was related to the issues the brothers had with each other . 
 therefore , it was n't the information maddy was seeking . 
 if i find a connection , i 'll tell maddy . 
 until then , your secret is safe with me , julia . 
 the buzzer on her apartment sounded , to tara 's frustration . 
 maddy had assured her she 'd have the day off . 
 with brigitte out of town , tara had planned the day around having the apartment and time to herself . 
 for example , taking a long , uninterrupted soak . 
 the buzzer sounded again . 
 i give up . 
 `` coming , '' she called as she climbed out of the tub , even though she knew no one could hear her . 
 she pressed the intercom on the wall . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` ms. holmes ? '' 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` i have a delivery for you . 
 it 's not something i can bring up to you . 
 is it possible for you to come down ? '' 
 a man asked . 
 what kind of delivery ca n't be delivered ? 
 `` who is it from ? '' 
 `` mr. andrade . '' 
 that 's not as helpful as you 'd think . 
 she 'd met several of them in the last few weeks . 
 she could n't imagine what maddy 's father would send her . 
 although she 'd had a nice conversation with luke andrade , it was n't nice enough to warrant a package . 
 gio might have sent something over to say he felt badly about his behavior the day before , but tara hoped not . 
 nearly married men who sent single women gifts were the type who kept new holmes in business . 
 `` which one ? '' 
 `` maxwell andrade . '' 
 a warm flush spread up tara 's chest . 
 she looked down at the puddle of water at her bare feet and clutched the towel tighter around her chest . 
 `` is he down there with you ? '' 
 `` no , ma'am . '' 
 `` i 'll need about ten minutes . '' 
 `` i have instructions to wait as long as necessary . '' 
 what the heck did that mean ? 
 as tara rushed to dress she assured herself her haste was because she felt badly the deliveryman was waiting for her , not because she wanted to know what max had sent . 
 she did n't want anything from him . 
 she 'd been clear about that . 
 still , that did n't stop her from sprinting to the elevator and across the downstairs foyer to the outside door . 
 tara noted the man at the door was too well dressed to work for a florist shop . 
 his suit was pristine and tailored to fit him . 
 he was holding an envelope in his hands . 
 she opened the door slowly . 
 i came down here for this ? 
 a card ? 
 `` your delivery looks like it could have been left in my mailbox . '' 
 the man held it out with a vague smile . 
 `` my instructions were to hand-deliver this to you and wait for your response . '' 
 tara took the letter and tore it open . 
 little to offer you ? 
 you have no idea how generous i can be . 
 consider this lexus an apology of sorts for the way i behaved the first time we met . 
 gerald will arrange to have it parked at the garage of your choice , at my expense , of course . 
 i 'm waiting for you at la guardia airport . 
 gerald will drive you here as soon as you are ready . 
 pack light . 
 we can buy whatever you need when we land wherever you would like to go . 
 pick a destination , tara , and i 'll take you there . 
 want to share champagne in a hot tub in the alps ? 
 or walk along a private beach in tahiti ? 
 you know you want to see me again , tara . 
 say yes . 
 tara read the card twice because she was sure she read it wrong the first time . 
 she wanted to be simply offended , but she could n't deny that his gesture was exciting . 
 he was a man who knew what he wanted , and right now he wanted her . 
 but for how long ? 
 as thrilling as it was to be pursued , she was n't looking for a one-night stand-or whatever length of a fling he was offering . 
 she pushed aside the desire his card had elicited in her and focused on how it had stung her pride . 
 she waved it at the man who was standing there waiting for her answer . 
 `` gerald ? '' 
 `` yes , ma'am . '' 
 `` do i look like a prostitute ? '' 
 the man 's face went red . 
 `` no , ma'am . '' 
 `` i told mr. andrade i did n't want to see him , and this is what he does ? 
 he buys me a car ? 
 he offers me a trip ? 
 why does he think that would change my mind ? 
 what would it say about me if it did ? '' 
 gerald did n't answer what they both knew were rhetorical questions anyway . 
 confused by the mix of emotions swirling within her , tara demanded , `` what would you want your sister to do with this kind of proposition ? '' 
 gerald 's expression did n't change , but he said , `` i 'd want her to tell him where to shove it . '' 
 that 's the sane choice . 
 the only one that makes sense . 
 `` do you have a pen ? '' 
 tara asked , smiling for the first time since she 'd opened the door . 
 without saying a word , gerald handed her one . 
 tara bent and used the top of a wide railing to steady the card as she wrote a message beneath his . 
 thank you for proving to me that i was right to turn down your offer for dinner . 
 you are everything i thought you were and more ... oh , so much more . 
 gerald will be returning the car to you . 
 i do n't have one , and i do n't need one . 
 please do n't wait for me at the airport because you will be waiting there until hell freezes over . 
 sincerely , tara she slid the card back into the envelope and handed it to gerald . 
 `` please take this and the car back to mr. andrade . '' 
 she tried to tip him , but he refused it . 
 `` it 'll be my pleasure , miss holmes . '' 
 tara was about to turn away , but she felt she should warn gerald . 
 `` he wo n't be happy when he reads my message . '' 
 `` then his mood will be much the same as it always is , miss holmes . '' 
 that should have been the end of it . 
 tara should have ended the conversation there and gone back up to her apartment , but she could n't help herself . 
 she stepped toward gerald and lowered her voice . 
 `` have you ever seen him do this before ? 
 is this how he gets dates ? 
 he sends women cars and offers to fly them somewhere ? '' 
 gerald said nothing . 
 tara could n't drop the subject . 
 `` have you ever delivered a gift like this to a woman before ? '' 
 when gerald looked about to avoid that question as well , tara changed her tone to a plea . 
 `` it matters to me . '' 
 gerald met her eyes . 
 `` mr. andrade does n't lack for female companionship . 
 i 'd say most things , women included , come too easily to a man in his position . '' 
 meaning he 'll have me replaced before the card hits the bottom of his trash bin . 
 which is good , because i am working a case , not looking for a boyfriend . 
 i made the right choice . 
 tara thanked gerald and went back inside . 
 once alone , she gave in to the fantasy of what it would have been like if she 'd said yes to max . 
 they would have flown off to a warm , private island . 
 tara rode the elevator up to her floor and absently let herself back into her apartment , lost in the images of them together . 
 was max the type of man to have a bed on his plane ? 
 or would their first time have been on the steps of a house they tried to make it to , but failed because their passion for each other overrode all care of where they were or who could see them ? 
 wherever it happened , max would n't be a fumbling lover . 
 he would know what he wanted , and he would accept nothing less than everything from the woman he was with . 
 tara dropped her clothing near the tub and slid back beneath what remained of the bubbles . 
 she ran the tap to warm the water , then laid back , closed her eyes , and imagined max 's lips on hers . 
 in reality , being with max made no sense . 
 luckily , fantasies were held to an entirely different standard . 
 *** max read tara 's message and laughed out loud . 
 tara holmes was a woman unlike any he 'd met before . 
 her answer could n't have been more perfect . 
 if she 'd shown up with gerald , max would have enjoyed flying her anywhere she wanted to go , and there was no doubt in his mind how they would have spent the next day or so , but he would have been disappointed . 
 her response left her a puzzle . 
 a challenge . 
 gerald looked as if he were wondering if max had lost his mind , but max did n't care . 
 he handed him a large tip and told him to drive him to his manhattan hotel . 
 on the way , he called dale and told him to switch his meetings that week from in-person to conference calls . 
 normally he preferred to be at the site he was discussing ; it kept people more honest . 
 however , the project he was most interested in was not yet willing to leave new york , so new york was where he would stay-for as long as it took to change her mind . 
 he had just walked into his hotel suite when his phone rang . 
 his breath caught in his throat at the possibility it could be tara . 
 when he saw the caller id he was much less excited . 
 he removed his tie and threw it over the back of a chair . 
 `` nick , this is a surprise . '' 
 luke called on a weekly basis . 
 but his brother nick ? 
 max could n't remember the last time they 'd spoken on the phone . 
 `` you know why i 'm calling , max . '' 
 max shrugged off his jacket and threw it on top of the chair beside his tie . 
 he undid the top button of his shirt . 
 `` because you missed me ? '' 
 nick sighed . 
 `` i understand why you do n't want to go to gio 's wedding . 
 i 've spent half my life running as far away from this family as i could get . 
 but this is important to gio , so it should be important to the rest of us . '' 
 `` since when do you care what gio wants ? '' 
 `` things are changing around here , max . 
 i run cogent with gio now and , although it 's not perfect , it 's good . 
 luke is luke . 
 he worries about everyone , but he does n't drive me as crazy as he used to . 
 come to the dinner party gio is hosting on saturday . 
 they want to choose the wedding date with all of us . '' 
 when max did n't say anything , nick continued , `` and before you tell me you 're out the country and ca n't make it , let me assure you i am perfectly capable of flying to wherever you are and dragging your ass home for this . '' 
 max laughed . 
 for just a moment he was reminded how they talked to each other when they were children . 
 `` i 'd like to see you try . '' 
 `` would you ? 
 i 'm not proud like gio ; i 'll make it an embarrassingly public event if i have to . 
 and i 'm not luke-i do n't care if you get mad at me . 
 so , are you coming willingly , or am i flying to get you ? '' 
 `` i 'm already in new york , '' max said tiredly . 
 this was exactly what he did n't want to happen . 
 his family would be relentless now that they knew he was in the area . 
 shit . 
 `` perfect . 
 so we do n't have a problem . '' 
 `` i 'm not going - '' max did n't finish his sentence . 
 it was n't worth arguing about a point he 'd already taken a clear stand on . 
 `` hey , out of curiosity , have you met maddy 's friend tara ? '' 
 max sat forward in the chair , instantly much more interested in the conversation . 
 `` yes , have you ? '' 
 `` not yet . 
 i 'm going to dinner with her and maddy on thursday . 
 maddy said she wants me to get to know her . 
 i 'm engaged to rena . 
 i do n't know what maddy is thinking . 
 if this is about that stupid matchmaking bet she 's involved in , i 'm already taken . 
 you or luke can have this tara . '' 
 oh , i 'll have her . 
 `` want some company ? '' 
 `` company ? 
 you can go in my place . 
 i am not about to mess up what i have with rena for maddy or anyone . '' 
 max smiled . 
 oh , yes , this can work . 
 `` give me the details . 
 i 'll make your excuses . '' 
 nick said , `` about gio 's dinner ... '' `` nick , there are only two options for how the wedding is going to go down . 
 either mother will attend and enough drama will follow her that everyone will be fighting . 
 or mother wo n't attend and it will cause enough drama behind the scenes that everyone will be fighting . 
 i do n't want to be part of that . '' 
 nick cleared his throat . 
 `` it does n't have to be that way , max . 
 we do n't have to keep repeating our mistakes . 
 at the risk of sounding like luke : we 're brothers . 
 that means more than whatever life can throw at us . '' 
 see , that 's the shit that 's dangerous to start believing . 
 it never leads anywhere good . 
 `` i 'll think about it , '' max said and hung up . 
 he did n't want to think about gio , his wedding , or family in general . 
 he 'd rather focus on the one positive that had come out of coming to new york : dinner with tara . 
 chapter five `` what do you mean you ca n't stay ? '' 
 tara asked as she exited the town car behind maddy in front of the uptown french restaurant maddy 's husband owned . 
 tara smoothed her coat as she straightened and walked with confidence on spindly heels that had intimidated her before maddy had permanently added them to her wardrobe . 
 she was beginning to think she might actually miss wearing tailored clothing when the job ended . 
 there was definitely something to be said for a dress that was not only her size , but was fitted to perfectly complement her figure . 
 do n't get too used to it , tara . 
 off-the-rack has always been good enough , and it will be again . 
 none of this is real . 
 do n't forget that . 
 `` adam was fidgety . 
 no fever , but i do n't want to leave him for long . 
 richard is working tonight . 
 i told our nanny i would n't be out late . 
 do n't worry ; nick is hilarious . 
 you 'll get along great . 
 i 'll stay just long enough to introduce you , then i 'll cut out . 
 nick has been working closely with gio lately . 
 he may know why max is upset . 
 if he has rena with him , it may be harder to get him to open up , but you do n't have to get either of them to say anything tonight . 
 just hang out with them . 
 and that wo n't be hard to do . 
 they are both wonderful . 
 you 'll love them . 
 then , on saturday you can take them each aside and pump them for whatever they know . 
 they should trust you if you play tonight right . '' 
 tara put a hand on maddy 's arm to stop her from entering the restaurant . 
 `` you could go in there without me and ask nick for the truth . '' 
 maddy glared in an unusual show of temper . 
 `` unfortunately , that 's not how my family works . 
 the more serious the problem , the more secretive they become . 
 and since no one is talking , i 'm starting to get a bad feeling about what they 're hiding . '' 
 maddy studied tara 's expression and asked , `` what 's wrong with you tonight ? '' 
 tara raised one shoulder and grimaced . 
 `` the more i meet your family , the worse i feel about the way we 're doing this . '' 
 maddy 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` are you shaking me down for more money ? 
 we had a deal . '' 
 `` this is n't about money , '' tara protested . 
 `` i have n't even cashed your check yet . 
 this is about how i feel . 
 i did n't expect your family to be so nice to me . 
 i do n't like lying to them . '' 
 maddy waved a hand at her in frustration . 
 `` what kind of private investigator are you ? '' 
 tara squared her shoulders . 
 `` i told you what i do for a living . 
 i take pictures . 
 incriminating pictures involving people who deserve to be exposed . 
 i do n't run around pretending to be someone i 'm not and spouting the kind of lies you 've made me memorize about who i 'm supposed to be . 
 i do n't think i can do this anymore . '' 
 tara reached into her purse and pulled out the check maddy had given her . 
 `` i 'm sorry . '' 
 raising both hands , maddy went from irritated to urgently persuasive . 
 she ignored the check tara held out . 
 `` whoa . 
 whoa . 
 you ca n't quit . '' 
 she took one of tara 's hands in hers . 
 `` i need you . '' 
 tara looked away . 
 `` do n't give me those eyes , maddy . 
 you 'll thank me eventually . '' 
 maddy clung to her hand . 
 `` you may not agree with my methods , but if you really do like my family , you wo n't walk away without finding out if they need help with something . '' 
 tara wavered . 
 `` i know weddings make people crazy , but you 're taking this to an extreme . '' 
 maddy continued , hammering home her point . 
 `` this is n't just about a wedding . 
 i love my cousins , and it kills me every time i see them pulling away from each other and the rest of the family . 
 we ca n't stop until we figure out the reason my father wo n't look me in the eye when i ask him what he knows about it . 
 love is resilient and beautiful , but just like people , sometimes it needs help , too . 
 that 's all we 're doing , tara . 
 helping my cousins find their way back to each other . 
 have you ever had a pet that got hurt and wanted to hide from everyone ? 
 what happens if you let it ? 
 nothing good . 
 this is no different . '' 
 putting the check back in her purse , tara met maddy 's eyes again . 
 `` does anyone ever succeed at saying no to you ? '' 
 maddy merely smiled . 
 as if on cue , the door of the restaurant opened , and she dragged tara through it . 
 they handed their coats to an attendant . 
 her husband was talking to a patron in the main dining room , but headed their way when he saw them . 
 he kissed maddy warmly , then greeted tara with a kiss on either cheek . 
 `` i was n't sure if you both would still come tonight . '' 
 maddy linked hands with richard . 
 `` i ca n't stay ; adam was cranky when i left . 
 i 'm only here to drop tara off . 
 she 's looking forward to meeting nick . 
 did he bring rena with him ? '' 
 `` nick had some last-minute business and canceled for tonight , but max is here . '' 
 tara 's mouth went suddenly dry . 
 `` max andrade ? '' 
 `` max is here ? '' 
 maddy practically clapped with joy . 
 `` i did n't know he was back in new york . '' 
 richard shrugged . 
 `` yes . 
 he 's in there waiting for you . 
 impatiently , i might add . '' 
 maddy pursed her lips and tapped her fingers excitedly on her mouth . 
 `` i wonder why he 's here . '' 
 richard , pulling his wife against his side , joked , `` my cooking ? '' 
 maddy smiled up at him . 
 `` besides that . '' 
 she looked across at tara and mulled aloud , `` do you think he knew you would be here ? '' 
 richard chuckled indulgently . 
 `` oh , maddy . 
 are you matchmaking again ? '' 
 maddy wrinkled her nose at tara . 
 `` no , but this could work out anyway . '' 
 richard raised maddy 's chin with his hand and looked down into her eyes . 
 `` what are you up to , mon ange ? '' 
 `` i do n't want to tell you yet . '' 
 he kissed his wife 's upturned mouth . 
 `` then it 's trouble for sure . 
 do n't lead your new friend too far astray . 
 tara , careful , maddy could talk a saint into sinning . 
 i wish i could stay to see how this unfolds , but i have been gone from the kitchen too long already . '' 
 after a nod of acknowledgement to tara , richard walked away . 
 speaking of being led astray , dinner alone with max is a bad , bad idea . 
 especially if maddy is n't staying . 
 `` maddy , since nick is n't here , i should head home . '' 
 maddy spun toward her . 
 `` are you kidding ? 
 max is here , and i have the perfect excuse for leaving . 
 you need to take advantage of this opportunity . '' 
 that 's exactly what i 'm trying not to do . 
 tara gave herself a mental kick . 
 stop picturing max naked and focus . 
 if i 'm not quitting this job , then maddy is right , this is a chance i should n't pass up . 
 we 're in public , for god 's sake . 
 nothing is going to happen . 
 still ... `` did n't you tell me to stay away from him ? 
 plan b ? 
 remember ? '' 
 maddy waved off her earlier advice . 
 `` improvise . 
 adapt . 
 overcome . '' 
 `` we 're not the marines , maddy . '' 
 `` well , we need to start thinking like them . 
 as soon as you start believing something is n't possible , you 're right . 
 we can do this , tara . 
 do n't give up now . 
 we 're so close . '' 
 without waiting for a response , maddy linked arms with tara and led her through the restaurant to a private area where max was seated at a small table . 
 he stood when he saw them approach , and tara 's breath caught in her throat . 
 he was even better-looking than she remembered . 
 the casual suit he wore was modern and edgy . 
 he wore his shirt unbuttoned at the neck , with relaxed sophistication . 
 there was nothing relaxed about how he watched tara approach , however . 
 his eyes held tara 's , even as he bent and gave maddy a kiss on the cheek . 
 although she could n't hear what maddy was saying , she knew the exact moment maddy said she could n't stay . 
 max did n't conceal his pleasure . 
 tara licked her bottom lip nervously , and his gaze followed the movement . 
 when their eyes met again tara shivered with anticipation . 
 she felt both excited and more than a little out of control . 
 she should n't feel this way . 
 not here . 
 not with max . 
 that did n't stop her body from quivering when maddy moved aside for tara to greet max . 
 she wanted to say something snarky , start off the dinner on the right foot . 
 as she looked up at him , she realized wit came much easier when he was n't close enough to imagine the feel of his lips on hers . 
 `` hello , max . '' 
 he stepped closer . 
 `` a pleasure to see you again , tara . '' 
 he held out a chair for her . 
 `` it 's a shame madison wo n't be joining us for dinner . '' 
 tara sat and flushed when one of his hands brushed against her bare back after he pushed her chair in . 
 the touch might have been accidental , but she doubted it . 
 `` yes , it is . '' 
 maddy checked the time on her phone , voiced a hasty goodbye to both of them , and rushed off . 
 tara took the napkin off her plate and laid it across her lap , giving herself an inner pep talk as she did . 
 there was no reason why she could n't be professional with max . 
 she squared her shoulders and looked across the table at max who had settled in the seat across from her . 
 the table was small enough for couples to hold hands easily and speak softly to each other . 
 not that we 'll be doing any of that . 
 `` so , are you in new york for business ? '' 
 a playful light flashed in max 's eyes . 
 `` a project of sorts . '' 
 a waiter came over and took their drink order . 
 once they were alone again there was an awkwardly long silence that tara eventually broke . 
 `` i 'm not going to apologize for what i wrote to you . '' 
 `` i 'd be disappointed if you did . '' 
 `` your gift was insulting . 
 it felt like you were trying to buy me . '' 
 `` i was . '' 
 there it was again , that twinkle in his eye , suggesting a private joke between the two of them . 
 she refused to bend . 
 `` that 's disgusting . '' 
 his lips curled with a hint of a smile . 
 `` no , that 's realistic . 
 people say money does n't matter , but stand between them and a dollar and you 'll see their true colors . '' 
 tara smoothed the napkin on her lap . 
 `` you wo n't get an argument about that from me . 
 people suck . '' 
 max threw his head back and laughed . 
 `` i did not expect you to say that . 
 i thought for sure you would lecture me on sounding jaded . '' 
 tara shrugged and said dryly , `` no , eighty percent of people are assholes . 
 possibly eighty-five . '' 
 their conversation was briefly interrupted by the arrival of their drinks . 
 when the waiter asked for their order , max deferred to tara . 
 without thinking , tara ordered as she normally did in a new restaurant . 
 `` could you bring me two dishes ? 
 the most popular and the least requested on the menu . '' 
 without missing a beat , max requested the same . 
 once they were alone again , he said , `` if i can tell you why you ordered the way you did , what would you give me ? '' 
 `` are we betting on how well you know me ? 
 because i 'd say so far the odds are against you being correct . '' 
 `` so , make it interesting . 
 if i 'm wrong , what would you want from me ? '' 
 his voice was deep and filled tara 's mind with a multitude of things she 'd like to ask him for , but none of them were appropriate for why she was there that evening . 
 she could n't forget that . 
 the spark between them , although fun to flirt with , could not lead to anything else . 
 `` okay . 
 if you 're wrong , i get to ask you five questions about your family , and you have to answer them . '' 
 `` my family ? '' 
 is now a bad time to tell you i 'm being paid to ask you ? 
 `` maddy talks about all of you so much , i 'm curious . '' 
 `` agreed . 
 and if i 'm right , you 'll owe me a kiss before the night is over . '' 
 heat spread up tara 's neck and warmed her cheeks . 
 `` no . '' 
 he leaned forward , his mouth close to her ear , and whispered , `` i did n't take you for a chicken . '' 
 tara pulled away from him and smoothed her napkin on her lap . 
 `` i 'm not afraid to kiss you . 
 i told you , you 're not my type . '' 
 he sat back , smiling , and waited . 
 oh , he 's so smug . 
 and , thankfully , most likely wrong . 
 tara laid her hands flat on the table in front of her . 
 `` fine . 
 five questions if you lose . 
 one kiss if you win . 
 now , wow me with your insight into why i ordered the way i did . '' 
 max rubbed a thumb across his chin . 
 `` you 've heard wonderful things about richard 's talent , but you 're not easy to impress . 
 you want to enjoy this experience , but you also want to know his weaknesses . 
 someone you trusted betrayed you , and now you test everyone . '' 
 tara scoffed , `` you sound like a long-winded fortune cookie . '' 
 `` but am i right ? '' 
 tara wanted to say no . 
 she met his eyes and told herself the truth did n't matter . 
 a lie would serve her better . 
 she could say it was simply a silly game she played wherever she went and then she could ask him the questions and possibly get the answers maddy sought . 
 she opened her mouth to lie but found she could n't . 
 `` yes . '' 
 a sexy smile spread across his face . 
 half excited , half cornered , tara said , `` you and maddy have more in common than you know . 
 she also does n't hear the word no . '' 
 max reached out and took one of her hands , lacing her fingers casually with his . 
 `` is that what you 're saying each time you run your tongue over those luscious lips of yours ? 
 no is n't what i see in your eyes when you look at me . 
 it 's only a matter of time before you give in and admit you want me . '' 
 tara 's heart was beating loudly in her chest . 
 she knew she should pull her hand away from his , but she did n't . 
 when she spoke her voice was husky . 
 `` never going to happen . '' 
 `` want to bet on that ? '' 
 he asked and released her hand when the waiter arrived with their dinner . 
 over dinner , max asked her questions about her family , her friends , what it had been like growing up in the suburbs . 
 he was attentive , reflective , and downright funny with some of his dry comments . 
 it did n't hurt that he was also gorgeous . 
 and the way he looked at her , as if she were the most beautiful woman on the planet , made tara giddy in a way she thought she 'd outgrown . 
 he ordered a bottle of wine , and the two of them toasted the good food and company . 
 it did n't take tara long to forget the real reason they were having dinner together . 
 maddy ? 
 maddy who ? 
 *** the next few hours flew by in a blur of drinks and conversation . 
 max and tara had switched over to water , but tara was still riding high on a royal buzz that max blamed himself for . 
 she 'd told him she was n't much of a drinker , but each drink had lowered her guard more and more , and he could n't resist getting to know the unguarded side of her . 
 tara was slowly sobering up , but she was every bit as amusing now as she had been when she 'd been slurring her words earlier . 
 max threw his head back and laughed at her description of what it had been like for her the first week she 'd moved to new york city . 
 `` i moved to new york after my parents retired and went south . 
 i thought it would be easier to find work in the city . 
 it 's been quite the learning experience . 
 my first apartment was a ten-by-ten studio with an outrageously high rent that only someone new to the area would pay , given the location . 
 the place was so small with such thin walls i literally learned portuguese by listening to the woman in the next apartment talk to her brazilian boyfriend on the phone every night . 
 the worst thing about the place was the number of times i dreamed i was engaging in a threesome . 
 i 'd feel all awkward and guilty then wake up and realize it was just the brazilian stud visiting next door again . 
 on the positive side , i never felt lonely . 
 and i ended up being marginally bilingual , which i suppose is a small price to pay for a few inappropriate dreams . 
 although , i still do n't see the lure of a threesome . '' 
 `` good to know , '' max said with a smile . 
 `` so , when did you move in with brigitte ? '' 
 `` it 's been three years now . 
 i went to a party with some guy ... i ca n't even remember his name . 
 it was our first official date , if you call taking someone to a place where the food and drinks are free a date . 
 anyway , he saw brigitte and completely forgot about me . 
 brigitte can do that to a man . 
 she has a presence . 
 it 's hard to explain . 
 you know when you watch the history channel and you hear about how wars were fought over certain women ? 
 i could see that happening to brigitte , and she would n't be impressed . '' 
 `` that 's an interesting way to find a roommate . '' 
 he refilled tara 's glass with water , and she took a healthy swig . 
 she was still beautifully tipsy . 
 her cheeks were pink , her smile wide , and her eyes were unguarded . 
 max was n't normally a man who sat around and drank a night away with a woman , but he loved the sound of tara 's voice . 
 he kept asking questions merely because he was enjoying watching how animated she was as she told humorous story after story . 
 `` i 'm probably not telling the story well . 
 picture me sitting there , hating her from across the room . 
 she walked away from the guy who does n't matter now and sat down next to me . 
 then she apologized . 
 she freaking apologized for his bad behavior . 
 it 's funny now ; it was mortifying at the time . 
 at first i thought she was screwing with me , but she meant it . 
 we started laughing about it and that 's it , we 've been friends since . '' 
 tara propped her chin up on her hand and asked , `` what about you ? 
 do you live alone ? '' 
 `` i do , '' he said . 
 before their second bottle of wine , he 'd had every intention of ending the night at his place , but when her words had begun to slur he 'd decided that could wait . 
 he was enjoying how the alcohol had loosened her tongue , but he would n't take advantage of more than that . 
 she tapped his arm for emphasis . 
 `` of course you do . '' 
 she waved a hand at him , referencing his suit . 
 `` you stay at your hotels instead of in a house . 
 i remember , but ... oh , my god , i do n't know anything else about you because i 've been doing all the talking . '' 
 she smacked her forehead with an open hand . 
 max chuckled . 
 he turned her hand over in his , and absently caressed the inside of her wrist . 
 `` do n't worry . 
 i loved hearing how you embarrassed your mother in front of an entire church because the priest did n't answer a question the way you expected him to , so you called him out publicly for it . '' 
 her mouth fell open in a shocked circle . 
 `` why would i tell you that ? '' 
 `` it was after the dinner shots . '' 
 tara made a face . 
 `` i do n't do shots . '' 
 `` you did tonight . '' 
 `` what else did i tell you ? '' 
 `` you 're not sure if you lost your virginity at sixteen or eighteen , but it was the same guy so you do n't think it matters . '' 
 `` i did not tell you that . '' 
 max nodded . 
 `` right after the second shot . '' 
 she took another long drink of water . 
 `` you should have cut me off . '' 
 `` i did . 
 ergo , the water in your hand . 
 do n't worry , i can honestly say i have n't enjoyed myself this much in a long time . '' 
 tara rubbed a hand on her forehead . 
 `` this is not how i imagined tonight . '' 
 he met her eyes and winked . 
 `` me either . '' 
 `` at least i did n't sleep with you , '' she said , then covered her mouth as if she could n't believe she 'd said it aloud . 
 she looked around the darkened restaurant , a deep blush spreading up her cheeks . 
 `` where is everyone ? '' 
 `` the restaurant closed an hour ago , but richard has someone in the kitchen waiting to lock up after we leave . 
 there 's no rush . '' 
 she shook her head slowly . 
 `` you probably do n't believe this , but i never drink . '' 
 `` during our second bottle of wine you said you do when you get nervous . 
 i 'm taking it as a compliment that you got shitfaced on our first date . '' 
 tara rolled her eyes . 
 `` first of all , this is a not a date . 
 second of all , you do n't make me nervous . 
 and second of all ... did i already say that ? '' 
 max smiled . 
 she was n't yet as sober as she looked . 
 he stood and held out a hand to her . 
 `` i have a car outside . 
 let 's go . 
 you need to sleep this off . '' 
 tara stood , wobbled on her high heels , and said , `` i am perfectly capable of getting home on my own . '' 
 she laid a hand flat on his chest . 
 `` and letting you take me home is too dangerous . '' 
 she brought a hand up to his lips and touched them gently . 
 `` it 's those lips . 
 they are so beautiful . 
 a man should n't have such nice lips . '' 
 her touch was electric on his skin , but max forced himself to step away from her to retrieve her coat . 
 he held it out to her , and she obediently slid her arms into it . 
 he buttoned it for her , noting how unsteady she was on her feet . 
 `` come on , let 's get you home . '' 
 he guided her to the car . 
 his driver opened the back door , and max gave him her address . 
 tara scooted into the car , and he followed but not closely . 
 the temptation to pull her to him for a kiss was strong , but she was smiling openly at him , another sign she was still not herself . 
 she turned toward him , caressing the side of his face with one of her soft hands . 
 `` you do n't look happy . 
 if you 're tired , you do n't have to drive me home . 
 i 'll be fine . '' 
 `` i do n't mind , '' he said with a forced smile , pulling his face away from her hand . 
 it took very little from her to give him a raging hard-on . 
 he reminded himself that her judgment was compromised , and the right thing to do was to not take advantage of that . 
 he just wished his dick shared his morals . 
 she edged closer and laid her head on his shoulder . 
 `` i did n't expect to enjoy tonight . '' 
 `` i did , '' he said with some irony , then his throat caught when she settled fully against his side , linking her arm with his . 
 it was sweet torture to be so close to her and not allow himself even a brief taste of her lips . 
 her hair tickled the side of his jaw . 
 he absently rested his head on hers and breathed her in . 
 calculated loss was the cornerstone of his success , especially at his casinos . 
 the house had to lose a certain amount to ensure a larger win . 
 he wanted tara , but not like this . 
 he 'd suffer short term for a later gain . 
 `` i forgive you for trying to buy me with a car . '' 
 tara mumbled . 
 she shifted , and her hand fell to his thigh . 
 he covered her hand with one of his own , half afraid hers would wander higher , and he 'd lose what was left of his self-control . 
 `` forgive me tomorrow , tara . 
 we 'll both feel better about ourselves if you stay angry with me a little while longer . '' 
 she raised her head and looked into his eyes . 
 `` i was n't angry with you . 
 i thought you were an arrogant , self-absorbed , egotistical ... '' `` easy on the compliments , darling , you 'll spoil me . '' 
 she squeezed his thigh . 
 `` but you 're not a wanker , you 're actually a nice guy . '' 
 `` not that nice , '' he said and gave in to temptation . 
 he told himself he could contain the kiss , but when their lips touched he was consumed by a hunger that shook him . 
 she met his kiss with an eagerness that drove him wild . 
 she writhed against him , and he hauled her onto his lap . 
 she dug her hands into his hair , deepening the kiss , and he lost his battle for control . 
 he impatiently pulled her shirt free , needing to feel her bare skin against his with an urgency that defied logic or location . 
 it took him a moment to realize the car had pulled in front of her apartment building . 
 he broke off the kiss reluctantly and gathered his resolve . 
 she would be his soon enough . 
 he did n't want her to regret one moment of being with him . 
 he adjusted her clothing then guided her through the car door his driver held open for them . 
 she stumbled , and he pulled her to his side to steady her . 
 she smiled apologetically . 
 `` i 'm not drunk . '' 
 he half walked , half carried her into her building . 
 `` of course you 're not . '' 
 she stopped and waved one hand in the air . 
 `` i may be a little buzzed . '' 
 `` i 'd say that 's an understatement . '' 
 they stepped into the elevator together . 
 tara wrapped her arms around his neck and tried to pull his face back down to hers . 
 `` you 're a really good kisser , but i knew you would be . '' 
 max pressed the button for her floor . 
 `` tara , you 're making it very hard for me to do the right thing here . '' 
 tara swayed and smiled up at him . 
 `` fuck doing the right thing . '' 
 she kissed the side of his neck . 
 `` why am i the only person who worries about consedences ... i mean consequences ? 
 everyone else does whatever the hell they want . 
 why ca n't i ? '' 
 his blood pounded through his veins and his dick strained against the crotch of his pants . 
 `` if you still feel that way tomorrow , i promise to take you up on your offer . '' 
 he watched her fumble with her keys for a moment , then took them away from her and opened the door to her apartment . 
 tara stepped inside and flipped on the light . 
 her apartment was modern and white . 
 it did n't fit how he 'd imagined her place . 
 perhaps due to the expression on his face , tara looked around also and said , `` this is all brigitte 's . '' 
 a tall , muscular man in nothing more than boxers walked out of one of the bedrooms and approached them . 
 he smiled at tara with a familiarity that made max instantly territorial . 
 he did n't consider himself the possessive or jealous type when it came to women , but he did n't like how comfortable this man looked in tara 's place . 
 max instinctively placed a hand on tara 's back . 
 `` who is that ? '' 
 he grumbled to tara . 
 tara looked from max to the other man and back and shrugged . 
 `` oh , that 's just dyson . '' 
 `` just dyson '' walked over until he was standing directly in front of the two of them . 
 he held out his hand to max in greeting . 
 `` dyson chauner . '' 
 `` maxwell andrade . '' 
 max reluctantly shook the man 's hand . 
 `` i did n't realize tara had more than one roommate . '' 
 `` she does n't . '' 
 dyson directed the rest of his response to tara . 
 `` the idiot in the apartment above mine is having renovations done . 
 brigitte said you would n't care if i stayed here . 
 you do n't mind , do you , tara ? 
 it should only be for a few days . '' 
 `` whatever . '' 
 tara swayed , went pale , then a little green . 
 `` excuse me , i just remembered why i do n't drink . '' 
 she bolted across the living room and down the hall . 
 max and dyson started after her together , reaching the bathroom door about the same time . 
 dyson turned to block max 's entry . 
 `` i 've got this . '' 
 max demanded , `` get out of my way . '' 
 tara retched loudly into the toilet . 
 dyson flexed his chest and said , `` whatever your plans for tonight were , they 're obviously over . 
 go home . '' 
 `` move aside , or i will move you aside . '' 
 max leaned in aggressively . 
 dyson raised his hands in mock defense . 
 `` easy , buddy . 
 i 'd rather not wrestle you in my underwear . 
 relax . 
 you can see her tomorrow . '' 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 max avoided drama as a rule . 
 on any other night , with any other woman , he would have written the evening off and happily left . 
 but there was no way in hell he was leaving tara with the half-dressed neanderthal . 
 the sound of running water was followed by tara saying , `` if you two are done with your pissing contest , could one of you get me a glass of water ? '' 
 dyson stepped away from the doorway and said , `` i 'll be right back . '' 
 he lowered his voice and repeated to max , `` right back . '' 
 tara swished then spit mouthwash into the sink . 
 she met max 's eyes in the mirror . 
 `` you do n't have to stay , max . '' 
 he stood behind her , close enough to catch her if she stumbled again . 
 `` i 'm not leaving you like this . '' 
 still holding his eyes , tara steadied herself by holding on to the sink . 
 `` you should before i make even more of a fool of myself . '' 
 he put a comforting hand on her back . 
 `` you 're not the first to exceed your limit and pay the price for it . '' 
 she closed her eyes but did n't answer . 
 a moment later she turned and looked up at max . 
 `` be nice to dyson . 
 he 's only trying to protect me . '' 
 `` i do n't like him . '' 
 `` you do n't have to . 
 he 's brigitte 's . '' 
 as if on cue , dyson returned and handed tara a glass of water with two aspirin . 
 tara took a grateful sip , downed the pills then said , `` my head is spinning . 
 i 'm going to bed . '' 
 she looked suddenly tearful . 
 `` good night , max . '' 
 she walked out of the room and down the hall . 
 max and dyson stood in the bathroom in somewhat of a standoff . 
 dyson spoke first . 
 `` you have nothing to worry about . 
 she 's like a sister to me . '' 
 `` i 'm not leaving until i 'm sure she 's okay . '' 
 dyson shrugged . 
 `` you 're welcome to the couch . 
 but just so you know , brigitte 's room is across the hall from tara 's , and the doors are staying open . '' 
 max swore beneath his breath all the way to the couch . 
 what was it about tara that had set his life upside down ? 
 he was about to spend the night on the couch of a woman he had n't even slept with . 
 why ? 
 he roughly adjusted the couch cushions into something marginally more comfortable and sat down angrily . 
 because that blond ape was in tara 's apartment . 
 the irony of the situation was n't lost on him . 
 for someone who did n't like personal involvement or emotional clutter , this evening was a high dose of both . 
 but i 'll be damned if i 'm leaving . 
 he sent a text for his driver to take the rest of the night off . 
 he wanted to throw dyson out of the apartment or haul tara back to his hotel . 
 both were out of character for him , but he was having a difficult time recognizing himself since he 'd met tara . 
 for her , he was in his least favorite city . 
 for her , he was doing something he rarely did-reflecting on how he could have handled himself better . 
 he felt guilty that , although she 'd said she was a lightweight , he 'd let her overindulge . 
 he never should have kissed her . 
 if she had n't gotten sick ... if dyson had n't been there ... he did n't second-guess his decisions or wonder why most people behaved as they did . 
 he assessed his options , threw the dice , and moved on regardless of the outcome . 
 so , what 's keeping me here ? 
 and why is walking away from a woman , who has n't even agreed to a date , an outcome i 'm unable to accept ? 
 chapter six tara woke up wondering why whoever was beating on her head with a sledgehammer had also made the sun painfully brighter than normal . 
 she rolled over in the bed and pulled her blanket over her head . 
 sleep had given her the chance to rewrite the night 's ending . 
 she could n't remember every dream , but more than one had consisted of her losing herself in max 's kiss , giving herself over to him again and again . 
 damn you , max andrade . 
 you and your sad eyes and your sexy smile . 
 why could n't you stay the arrogant , cocky man i thought you were ? 
 why did you have to be so wonderful last night ? 
 not that last night was supposed to be fun at all . 
 i was supposed to be working . 
 oh , god . 
 i have to give maddy 's money back . 
 i am the world 's worst private investigator . 
 she had n't expected to enjoy her meal with max , but she had . 
 it had been easy , too easy , to get caught up in his gorgeous dark eyes and his playful grin . 
 the wine had flowed , and tara remembered laughing until her sides hurt . 
 max had laughed right along with her . 
 she held the pillow tightly over her face as she remembered how she 'd offered herself to max . 
 every touch they 'd exchanged that night , every lingering glance , had increased the need within her until she 'd ached for him-until she 'd thrown all caution to the wind and practically begged him to sleep with her . 
 and why did n't he ? 
 could it have been because of the outrageously personal stories i gushed throughout the evening ? 
 no , it was probably the vomiting . 
 yes , that was not my best moment . 
 at least i wo n't have to worry about him calling me again . 
 she tried to tell herself it was for the best , but she could n't help wondering what being with him would have been like . 
 she did n't consider herself inexperienced . 
 she 'd slept with more than one boyfriend . 
 she could n't even say she was holding out for love . 
 she was n't sure she believed in it anymore . 
 but she had to admit max brought a part of her back to life that had been dying . 
 she 'd forgotten what it was like to want a man , to crave someone . 
 that her desire for him came at the least convenient time did n't make it less intense . 
 sleeping with max would have been wrong for more reasons than tara could list . 
 she tossed the pillow aside , threw back the covers , and groaned when she saw she 'd slept in the dress from the night before . 
 so , stop thinking about what did n't and what never should have almost happened . 
 barely looking around , tara stumbled to the bathroom . 
 yesterday 's makeup was smeared down her cheeks . 
 her hair was in a wild tangle on her head . 
 she looked exactly as she felt . 
 she turned on the shower , quickly relieved herself , stripped naked , and stepped beneath the blissfully hot spray of the shower with a toothbrush in hand . 
 she lathered , scrubbed , brushed , flossed , and lathered again until she felt less like the walking dead . 
 she stepped out of the shower , toweled off her hair , and then secured another towel around her . 
 if the sun was up , dyson would already have left for work . 
 confident that she was alone , tara sought coffee before clothing . 
 she was halfway through the living room when she saw max , in his dress shirt and trousers , lying on his back on her couch . 
 she almost turned and fled , but he was still sleeping , and she was curious . 
 she stepped closer , expecting him to stir , but he did n't . 
 she allowed herself the luxury of standing above him for a moment . 
 he was handsome even in his sleep . 
 his family had not only been blessed financially , but also genetically . 
 he had a strong jaw most men would kill for . 
 classical high cheekbones . 
 and , although they were closed at the moment , the most beautiful dark brown , almost black , eyes she 'd ever seen . 
 she remembered the photo maddy had shown her of him with his brothers . 
 it had been those eyes that had drawn her to him . 
 when she 'd met him in person she 'd thought she 'd been wrong . 
 the arrogant , cocky man who had offered her a few hours in a hotel could n't have been the same sad man from the photo . 
 had she imagined a side of him that did n't exist ? 
 last night max had been yet another man . 
 down to earth . 
 self-effacing . 
 and surprisingly funny . 
 it was difficult to reconcile her very different impressions of him . 
 which one was the real him , and why was he sleeping on her couch ? 
 tara reached out to touch his cheek , but stopped herself . 
 i should get dressed and ask whoever the hell he is today to leave . 
 doing anything else is asking for trouble . 
 her eyes dropped to the crotch of his pants and noted the size of his early morning boner . 
 impressively large trouble . 
 she nearly screamed when his hand shot out and pulled her down onto him . 
 her towel opened , remaining across her back , but doing nothing to separate her exposed front from sliding intimately against him . 
 his arousal nudged against her inner thigh . 
 tara shifted to move off him . 
 he held her in place easily with a hand on her bare hip . 
 `` good morning , '' he said as if there was nothing unusual about waking up to her strewn across him . 
 `` let me up , '' she said , struggling to sit up . 
 her legs fell to either side of him , which put her directly on his rock-hard shaft . 
 the material of his trousers was rough against her parted sex and she could n't deny how good it felt . 
 she wanted to rub herself up and down along him . 
 her breasts bounced above him , nipples puckered with excitement . 
 he placed a hand on her other hip and held her to him , moving his hips so the connection between them was its own caress . 
 `` why deny what you want , tara ? 
 you were brave enough to go this far . 
 why pull back now ? '' 
 he continued to move his hips beneath her with mind-scrambling skill . 
 even while her breathing betrayed how excited she was becoming , tara fought for control . 
 `` go this far ? 
 i did n't go anywhere . 
 i did n't even know you were here . '' 
 his hands loosened on her hips . 
 `` so you were innocently standing over me naked ? '' 
 he raised one hand and cupped one of her breasts gently . 
 `` sorry , my mistake . '' 
 he ran his hand down her side , across the top of her thigh and to her sex . 
 tara gasped as he dipped a finger between her folds and flicked expertly back and forth . 
 `` and this ? 
 are you still wet from the shower ? '' 
 `` i-i - '' all coherent though left tara at his touch . 
 it did n't make sense , but did it have to ? 
 she 'd spent the night dreaming of this . 
 her body wanted this , and her mind rushed to justify it . 
 what would sleeping with max change ? 
 nothing . 
 she 'd already proven she could n't do the job maddy had hired her for . 
 all she had to do was rip up the check and explain to maddy she 'd been serious about quitting . 
 max was n't looking for a relationship . 
 he 'd already been blunt about that . 
 so what ? 
 i 'm single . 
 he 's single . 
 do i have to invest my heart into every relationship i have ? 
 maybe not . 
 hell , i might even enjoy myself for a change . 
 is n't that worth the risk of getting hurt ? 
 just this once ? 
 she leaned forward , hungrily closing her lips over his . 
 she was on fire for him , and he met her kiss with a hunger of his own . 
 he threw her towel aside and ran his hands over her while their kiss deepened . 
 she braced herself above him , giving herself over to the intensity of their passion . 
 this was a mating , pure and simple . 
 two bodies craving to become one . 
 she ripped his shirt open , loving how his powerful chest felt beneath her hands . 
 his hands were as skilled as they were rough . 
 max was not a man who asked ; he was a man who took , but-oh , the way he took . 
 his mouth was hot and masterful . 
 his tongue teased hers then went on to tantalize her sensitive neck , her eager breasts , lingering there to nip gently at her sensitive nipples . 
 he rolled tara beneath him and took both of her hands in his , holding them easily above her head as he ran his other hand over her . 
 `` you are beautiful , '' he whispered . 
 fully in a sex daze , tara whispered back , `` you are , too . '' 
 he chuckled deep in his throat and resumed kissing his way down to her navel . 
 his tongue circled before proceeding any lower , and tara arched backward as she gave herself fully to the feel of him . 
 max 's finger continued circling below , indulging her pleasure by adding a second finger and placed his thumb over her clit , spreading her juices as she writhed against it . 
 fully aroused and unable to speak , tara moaned softly . 
 `` you want this as much as i do , tara , '' he murmured . 
 `` tell me you want this . '' 
 `` do n't stop , max . 
 whatever you do , do n't stop . '' 
 `` one of us is wearing too much . '' 
 he looked down as his trousers . 
 tara quickly grasped the zipper of his pants and undid them , trying not to think while she helped him out of them , pulling his boxer briefs off at the same time . 
 `` right pocket ... condom ... open it . '' 
 his hands kept titillating both her sex and her breasts while his mouth returned to her mouth . 
 not wanting him to stop , she swiftly ripped the foil , removed the latex , and rolled it over his ample erection . 
 he pulled her back onto the couch , rolling so he was above her . 
 `` oh , baby , you are so wet . 
 this is all i 've been able to think about since i met you . 
 you 're even better than i imagined . '' 
 he shifted his cock between her folds , and she felt time stop as he entered her . 
 adjusting her hips so he could gain full entry , she gasped and took in his length . 
 he slowly began to pump in and out . 
 `` you feel so good , '' max gasped and started to increase his speed . 
 it was good-by far the best mistake tara had ever made . 
 `` oh , god , max . 
 faster . 
 harder . 
 yes . 
 do not stop , '' she cried out . 
 *** max was no stranger to fucking . 
 he was told he was a generous lover . 
 it was pragmatic , really . 
 the more pleasure he brought his partner , the more she generally brought him . 
 he remained in control , but took his time to ensure everyone left satisfied . 
 it was different with tara . 
 he had n't planned their first time to be like this and was n't taking his time with her . 
 she was tight and felt too damn good . 
 he felt himself losing control as she urged him to drive into her faster and harder . 
 as much as he wanted to last , he felt himself nearing his climax . 
 she was clinging to him , digging her nails into his back , and he pounded down into her with a wild abandon he 'd never allowed himself . 
 as he neared release , he growled into her ear , `` come with me . '' 
 `` oh , max ... i 'm right there with you . 
 you are ... so good . '' 
 tara jerked and moaned as max climaxed . 
 he kissed her deeply as they shuddered against each other . 
 he propped himself on his elbows , remaining inside her as they came back to earth together . 
 he looked down into the most amazing brown eyes he 'd ever seen and said , `` i did n't mean for that to happen . '' 
 she touched his cheek gently and said wryly , `` i meant to ask you to leave . '' 
 he smiled . 
 `` you do something to me , tara . 
 i ca n't explain it . '' 
 with gentle humor in her eyes , she said , `` it 's pretty clear what i do to you . '' 
 he kissed her smiling lips . 
 `` it seems safe to say i do the same to you . '' 
 she nodded . 
 `` you may have just convinced me casual sex is n't completely without merit . 
 i always thought i needed to be in a relationship to enjoy it . 
 apparently that does n't matter . '' 
 max withdrew from her with a frown . 
 he cleaned himself off , then walked back to the couch . 
 tara sat up and scooted back to make room for him . 
 still naked , he sat beside her . 
 he did n't say anything at first . 
 he was n't sure what to say . 
 all he knew for sure was he did n't like her last comment . 
 tara reached for her towel on the floor and wrapped it around herself . 
 it did n't cover her entirely . 
 from where he was seated he could still see her neatly trimmed sex , but he was n't about to tell her . 
 he doubted there was a man alive who would have . 
 still , the sight made sorting through his conflicting feelings even more difficult . 
 she saw what they 'd just done as something casual . 
 he should be happy about that . 
 casual was all he wanted-all he ever wanted . 
 she laid a hand on his shoulder , seeming to sense his mood . 
 `` what 's the matter ? '' 
 he held up a hand , speaking to himself and her at the same time . 
 `` nothing . '' 
 she dropped her hand . 
 `` should i not have been so honest ? 
 no wonder brigitte skips out before her dates wake up . 
 this is awkward . '' 
 he knew enough about brigitte and her overnight guests to dislike the comparison . 
 he was n't ready to admit , even to himself , that being with tara was different-made him feel different . 
 so instead of discussing how he felt about them , he said , `` i do n't like the idea of dyson staying here with you . '' 
 tara cocked her head to one side , looking genuinely surprised . 
 `` dyson ? 
 he 's harmless . '' 
 `` he 's far too comfortable being here without your roommate . '' 
 `` that 's because he and i have spent a lot of time together since he met brigitte . 
 i feel bad for him . 
 he really likes her . '' 
 `` you 're not staying here alone with him . '' 
 tara stood up , tightening the towel around her . 
 `` i 'm sorry ? 
 since you and i wo n't be seeing each other after today , it 's really none of your business who does or does n't stay here . '' 
 max stood and glared down at her . 
 `` who said anything about never seeing each other again ? '' 
 her eyes rounded . 
 `` you did ? 
 you do n't do relationships . '' 
 `` i do n't . '' 
 tara took a step back , chewing her lip as she did . 
 she pointed a hand at his lower region without looking down at it . 
 `` it could be because you 're distracting me by waving your ... whatever ... at me while you speak , but i 'm confused . '' 
 he stepped closer . 
 `` i do n't want to talk , tara . 
 i want to spend the day exploring every sweet inch of you . '' 
 with one strong move , he whipped the towel off her . 
 he grabbed one of her arms and hauled her against him , bare skin to bare skin . 
 `` i 'm not done with you , tara . 
 i 'm nowhere near done . '' 
 her lips parted , and she let out a wistful sigh that was all the yes he required . 
 he lifted her into his arms and carried her down the hallway to her bedroom . 
 `` i only brought one condom with me . 
 looks like we 'll have to get creative . '' 
 with rounded eyes , she laid a hand on his shoulder and asked softly , `` creative ? '' 
 he laid her gently on the bed and took a moment to appreciate her sheer beauty . 
 she had her long , lean legs chastely together as if they had n't just fucked in the other room . 
 she raised herself onto her elbows , and he knew he 'd never again see a more perfect set of tits . 
 they were naturally high and round , what women strove for with implants . 
 his cock was pulsing evidence of the hold she had over him . 
 his need for her blatantly displayed . 
 she looked down at his arousal and licked her lips before meeting his eyes again . 
 the air was heavy with anticipation of what they both knew was to come , but he did n't move toward her . 
 his earlier orgasm had taken off the edge , and he wanted her to be the one to lose control first . 
 `` say it and i 'll do it , tara . 
 tell me what you want . '' 
 almost shyly she parted her legs slightly , watching his expression carefully as she did , as if she were afraid he 'd laugh . 
 there was nothing funny about the sight of her delicious sex already shining with a wetness he could n't wait to taste . 
 `` wider , '' he ordered softly , and she opened her legs more for him . 
 in all his life , he 'd never seen anything more beautiful than tara offering herself to him . 
 he was between her legs in a heartbeat , telling himself it would be more fun if he made her ask for each touch , but unable to resist tasting her . 
 he laved her lower lips , then parted them with one hand and blew gently on her exposed clit . 
 her hips jutted upward and her head flew back . 
 she was so ready for him , so eager for his mouth , but he knew her pleasure would increase if he took his time and teased her first . 
 he kissed the inside of each thigh , stroking his hands lightly over her . 
 he gently kissed her stomach , her amazing hips , and the length of her thighs . 
 he ran a hand up the back of one of her legs , lifting it as he did , then slowly ran his hand down it again . 
 he did the same with her other leg . 
 each firm caress both relaxed her and deepened her breathing . 
 he slid a hand beneath her ass and lifted her to worship her sex again . 
 he gently nipped her mound then paused , letting his warm breath be a promise of its own . 
 she dug her hands into his hair and writhed beneath him . 
 he used his free hand to lift himself so he could lean forward and tease both her breasts with soft kisses before working his way back down to where she was moaning in anticipation for him to go . 
 with deliberate , torturous leisure , he made his way back to her sex . 
 he licked her as he had before then parted her lips . 
 her clit was a tiny , hard nub eagerly awaiting his attention . 
 he stroked his tongue across it , then up and down , alternating his technique until he found the rhythm and the direction that had her gasping and begging him not to stop . 
 he had no intention of disappointing her . 
 he continued even as she moved her hands to grip the bed sheets beside her head and opened herself wider for his mouth . 
 he loved how her skin warmed beneath his hands as she became more and more aroused . 
 he increased the speed of his rhythmic assault when he sensed she was nearing climax . 
 she writhed against his mouth and cried out as an orgasm shook through her . 
 he lapped at her juices greedily , gently sucking her clit as she shuddered again in his arms . 
 still panting , she threw out one arm toward the bedside table and whipped open the drawer . 
 she fumbled for a moment then threw a condom at his head . 
 it bounced off his forehead and landed on her stomach . 
 she tensed beneath his hands . 
 `` in my head , i handed that to you with a level of sophistication . '' 
 as turned on as he was , he still found her so amusing he chuckled and kissed her inner thigh . 
 `` you are a constant surprise , tara , and one i ca n't get enough of . '' 
 he moved higher on the bed and kissed her slowly even though he was raging with desire to sink into her . 
 he ripped the condom package open , sheathed himself , and raised himself above her . 
 she eagerly wrapped her legs around his waist . 
 he lowered himself until the tip of his dick teased her swollen sex . 
 `` i want to fuck you until you do n't remember anyone who came before me-until i 'm the only one you crave . '' 
 whatever she might have said was lost in the deep kiss he gave her . 
 he thrust into her deeply , loving how she opened herself wider for him , lifting her hips to meet his . 
 the sweet feeling of her enveloping him sent him over the edge for the second time that morning . 
 he took her with a wildness foreign to his usual style of lovemaking . 
 with her , he could n't remain detached . 
 her head thrashed back and forth . 
 her hands dug into the muscles on his shoulders . 
 they rolled until she was on top , and she rammed herself up and down , riding him with the same frenzied abandon that had swept through him . 
 `` i 'm coming , '' she cried out . 
 he joined her with a powerful upward thrust . 
 she melted down onto him , and he breathed in the scent of her , shaken by the desire to hold her to his chest and never let her go . 
 not today . 
 not ever . 
 sex had never held an emotional component before , and max was n't comfortable with how tara made him feel . 
 he rolled over and cleaned himself off . 
 when he turned back she was already beneath the blankets . 
 he slid beneath them and pulled her into his arms . 
 he never stayed after sex , but he was n't going anywhere . 
 he fell asleep with her tucked against his side and slept better than he had in a very long time . 
 chapter seven tara slid out from beneath max 's arm , quietly removed clothing from her bureau , and darted into the hallway , closing her bedroom door softly behind her . 
 she threw on jeans and a blouse , put on enough makeup to conceal the shadows beneath her eyes , and brushed out her long hair . 
 there was no disguising the freshly fucked glow on her cheeks . 
 a quick glance at her phone revealed it was one o'clock in the afternoon . 
 shit . 
 i told maddy i 'd meet her at one . 
 please , please do n't come here , maddy . 
 she sent maddy a text telling her she was already on her way-a lie but one that might save her from the ultimate embarrassment of trying to explain why max was naked in her bed . 
 tara grabbed a pen from her purse and left max a quick note : everything was great . 
 lock the door as you leave . 
 tara she made a face as she reread the note . 
 since she did n't do casual sex , she was n't sure how to say `` thanks for the sex , now get out . '' 
 brigitte did n't write notes ; she left the explaining to tara . 
 tara placed her note on the kitchen counter . 
 if max were any other man she 'd be worried about leaving him alone in her apartment , but what could she or brigitte have that a billionaire would want to take ? 
 nothing . 
 she 'd already given max what he 'd come for , and now that she had he would probably be just as anxious to get out of there as she was to see him gone . 
 the sex had been great . 
 max had been amazing . 
 but it was over , and it was better that way . 
 she held up the check from maddy . 
 fifty thousand dollars was a lot of money , as was the second payout if she completed her job , but it was n't worth it . 
 she did n't want to be the person she was becoming . 
 tara had always considered herself a champion for people who were being betrayed . 
 neither her job nor her lifestyle had ever been glamorous , but she 'd always been proud of what she did . 
 working for maddy had tara all turned around and confused . 
 she was getting used to a lifestyle of nice clothing and expensive things that had never been of interest to her before . 
 her personal ethics ? 
 they were blurring the more she played the role of maddy 's friend . 
 without the money , tara could justify what she 'd done-at least to herself . 
 after all , she 'd taken the job because she 'd wanted to help the man in the photo . 
 her mistake had been letting maddy convince her she could be a different kind of investigator . 
 it 's not all maddy 's fault . 
 i wanted to meet max . 
 i wanted to see what had put that sad expression in his eyes . 
 but not this way . 
 no part of this is right anymore . 
 maddy will have to understand that . 
 and max ? 
 tara slipped out of her apartment without making a sound . 
 no harm , no foul . 
 it was n't as if he 'd be hurt by her departure . 
 he 'd probably have another woman in his bed tonight . 
 and that had to be okay . 
 she and max were not meant to be together . 
 without maddy , they never would have connected . 
 they had nothing in common and , despite how entertaining dinner had been last night or how great sex had been this morning , they could n't be more wrong for each other . 
 sorry , max , i was paid to learn more about you , and i did , but not the way i should have . 
 my bad . 
 tara 's resolve did n't waver , not even when she somehow ended up in the back of a town car explaining to maddy for a second time that she 'd torn up the check and was no longer working for her . 
 `` so , i 'm done . 
 no more meeting your family . 
 no more lies . 
 i 'm sorry i could n't help you , but i ca n't do this anymore . '' 
 `` i completely understand , '' maddy said and gave the driver an address tara did n't recognize . 
 maddy looked at her with those dark pleading eyes on full blast . 
 `` adam is feeling better today , but i still hated to leave him with the nanny . 
 i do n't do that unless something is really important . 
 i get that you do n't want to work for me anymore , but could you do one small , teensy-weensy favor for me before you go ? '' 
 say no and run . 
 `` what do you need ? '' 
 `` i need you to meet patrice . '' 
 `` patrice stanfield ? 
 max 's mother ? '' 
 oh , no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 `` good , you know who she is . 
 what did you find out about her last night ? '' 
 heat filled tara 's cheeks . 
 `` max did n't talk about his family . '' 
 maddy chewed her bottom lip in frustration . 
 `` he never does . 
 i was hoping he 'd be different with you than he is with me . '' 
 oh , he was , but not in a way i can discuss with you . 
 bad , bad tara . 
 stop picturing max naked in your bed and wishing you were still there . 
 `` how was dinner ? 
 you have to be careful with max . 
 he 's a heartbreaker . '' 
 maddy 's expression filled with sympathy . 
 she took tara 's hand in hers . 
 `` oh , you like him , do n't you ? 
 i am an insensitive idiot . 
 last night went badly , did n't it ? 
 i 'm sorry . 
 he seemed interested in you . 
 i should have known better . 
 max tends to date the double-d vegas variety , if you know what i mean . 
 he 's always surrounded by flashy displays of skin and cosmetically perfect women . 
 you ca n't expect to compete with that . 
 when all this is over , i 'll find the perfect guy for you . '' 
 pride almost made tara retort that max seemed quite satisfied with her size-b breasts last night , but she held her tongue . 
 at this point , the less said to maddy the better . 
 `` thanks for the offer , maddy , but i 'm fine . 
 really . 
 and i do n't want to meet max 's mother . 
 please , drop me off anywhere around here . 
 i 'll find my own way back . '' 
 without letting go of her hand , maddy turned , pleading again . 
 `` you have to come with me . 
 you 're the only person who could do this . 
 there are so many stories going around about aunt patrice . 
 i do n't know what to believe . 
 when i 'm there , she 's nice . 
 she talks about how much she loves her sons . 
 i ca n't believe what others say about her could be true . 
 i need an unbiased opinion . 
 please . 
 just go with me and tell me what you see when you look at her . 
 we 'll make it a short visit . 
 i promise . '' 
 `` and then we 're done . '' 
 maddy nodded . 
 `` absolutely . 
 i 'll never ask you for anything else . '' 
 tara 's phone buzzed , announcing a text message . 
 she turned it off without removing it from her coat pocket . 
 she was n't ready to talk to anyone , about anything . 
 not yet . 
 *** max went for an early evening run in central park to clear his head . 
 his mood began to improve as he pushed his body to keep going . 
 running always cleared his mind . 
 he 'd been in a foul mood since he 'd woken up alone this afternoon . 
 it had taken a further downward turn when he 'd read tara 's note . 
 everything was great . 
 lock the door as you leave . 
 tara women did n't leave while he slept . 
 he left while they slept . 
 no woman , not even in high school , had ever brushed him off with a cold note . 
 he did n't like it . 
 although he had to admit it raised the stakes of their game , he could n't stop thinking about her , and that was something he was n't used to feeling about anyone . 
 her smile haunted him . 
 every time he told himself he did n't care if he ever saw her again , he remembered tara 's laugh and how her eyes danced when she told the punch line of one of her stories . 
 he wanted her in his bed , but a more unsettling realization was he also wanted to sit across from her again and spend an evening laughing with her . 
 he needed to see her again . 
 and he would . 
 he 'd sent her a text , but she had n't responded . 
 after their intimate encounter earlier in the day , she could no longer deny she was attracted to him . 
 which made the pursuit even more exciting . 
 max stopped running just outside his hotel and bent over to catch his breath . 
 he was sweaty and sore , but he felt good . 
 a long run always left him feeling empowered . 
 he knew as soon as the perfectly shined ferragamos came into view that his mood was about to take a dive . 
 he straightened slowly and met the eyes of his oldest brother . 
 `` gio , this is a surprise . '' 
 gio did n't smile at his greeting , but max did n't expect him to . 
 gio always took himself and everything else a tad too seriously . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 `` of course we do , '' max said and led the way into his hotel , accepting a towel from one of his staff . 
 they rode up the private elevator together . 
 gio kept his stern silence . 
 max dried himself , deliberately ignoring his brother 's mood . 
 once inside his hotel suite , max walked to the bar and poured himself a large glass of water . 
 gio stood in the middle of the living room , waiting for max . 
 max lingered near the bar and hoped whatever had brought gio out of his castle for the day could be said briefly . 
 `` i love you , '' gio said succinctly . 
 max dropped his glass to the floor . 
 it bounced on the carpeting , spraying cold water up his leg . 
 `` are you having some sort of breakdown , gio ? '' 
 gio paced back and forth in front of the couch . 
 `` i know i do n't call you . 
 i do n't go to the opening of your projects . 
 i 'm not like luke , but i do care . 
 my secretary has always kept me up to date on your achievements . '' 
 a sinking feeling came along with a quick list of dark possibilities why gio was acting oddly . 
 `` have you been diagnosed with something terminal ? '' 
 gio stopped and ran his hand through his hair . 
 `` i want you at the family dinner tomorrow night . '' 
 max let out a relieved bark of laughter and leaned back against the bar . 
 `` this is about the dinner ? 
 shit , you scared me for a minute there . '' 
 `` will you be there ? '' 
 gio demanded , sounding like he was in a boardroom issuing commands to his staff . 
 `` what do you really want , gio ? 
 i have a hard time believing one dinner is that important to you . '' 
 `` it is . '' 
 max pushed off the bar . 
 `` oh , i get it . 
 you want to show your fiancee we 're one big happy family . 
 from what i remember about julia , you do n't have to try so hard . 
 she saw us at our worst and still agreed to marry you . '' 
 `` julia knows exactly how bad things are between us , but she believes we can move past that . '' 
 gio sat down on the couch , dangling his hands between his knees . 
 max gripped the back of one of the chairs . 
 `` i do n't need this . 
 my life is exactly how i want it . 
 i 'm not angry anymore , and i do n't want the drama that comes with our family . '' 
 gio took out his cell phone . 
 `` you leave me no choice . '' 
 he dialed a number and said curtly , `` come up . '' 
 `` what the hell are you talking about , gio ? '' 
 gio laced his fingers and stared straight ahead . 
 a few moments later there was a knock on the door . 
 `` who did you bring with you ? '' 
 max asked , but gio did n't answer . 
 shaking his head , max opened the door to his penthouse . 
 standing in the doorway , side by side , were his other two brothers . 
 `` you 've got to be kidding . '' 
 he stood back and let them in . 
 nick grinned as he entered . 
 luke gave max a sympathetic smile as he passed . 
 gio stood and addressed them in his usual gruff tone . 
 `` he said no . '' 
 nick dropped into one of the chairs and propped his feet up on the coffee table in front of it . 
 `` well , this should be entertaining . 
 luke , work your magic . '' 
 luke took a moment to assess each of his brothers ' expressions , then said , `` why do n't we all sit down ? '' 
 max referenced his workout clothing . 
 `` i 'd rather not . 
 can we get this over with so i can shower ? '' 
 gio returned to his spot on the couch and luke sat in the chair to the side of it . 
 `` none of us are leaving until you agree to come to gio 's tomorrow night , '' luke said . 
 max shook his head in confusion . 
 `` is this some kind of joke ? '' 
 nick slapped a hand on the arm of his chair . 
 `` oh no , he 's serious . 
 i canceled a saturday date with rena for this . '' 
 luke leaned forward , resting his elbows on his knees . 
 `` we would n't all be here if this was n't important . 
 if you do n't come to dinner tomorrow , you 're clearly not going to be in gio 's wedding . '' 
 max gripped the chair tighter . 
 `` which is something else we 've already discussed . 
 i could not have made my decision more clear . '' 
 luke looked at gio . 
 `` did you tell him how important it is to you ? '' 
 `` yes , '' gio answered abruptly . 
 luke turned back to max . 
 `` max , we love you ... '' max poured himself a scotch and downed it . 
 `` i ca n't handle this . '' 
 nick chirped in , `` if i still drank , i 'd be having one myself , so have one for me . '' 
 `` nick , you said you 'd help , '' luke chastised . 
 nick stood and crossed over to stand beside max . 
 `` make it easy on yourself , max , and say yes now . '' 
 max took a deep calming breath . 
 emotions , both good and bad , nipped at his heels , but he fought them back . 
 `` not going to happen . 
 this scene is exactly why i spend as little time in new york as possible . '' 
 gio stood , his face tight . 
 `` then why are you here , max ? '' 
 `` you might think you came back just to see maddy 's friend , but you wanted to be here . 
 admit it , '' luke pushed . 
 nick jumped on the reference . 
 `` there 's something between you and tara ? 
 no wonder you wanted to take my place last night at dinner . '' 
 he wiggled his eyebrows . 
 `` how did it go ? '' 
 heat warmed max 's neck . 
 he glared at nick . 
 `` i do n't want to talk about it . '' 
 luke gave max a pat on the back . 
 `` you went to dinner with her ? 
 that 's great . 
 are you going to see her again ? '' 
 there was no way max was going to tell his brothers that tara was presently not answering his texts . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 gio approached . 
 `` i met tara . 
 she seemed like a very nice woman . '' 
 max rubbed his hands down his face in frustration . 
 `` i do n't care what you think of her . '' 
 luke squeezed max 's shoulder in support . 
 `` did the date go badly ? '' 
 `` no , it went really well . 
 too fucking well . 
 happy ? '' 
 max shrugged off luke 's hand . 
 nick rubbed his chin and smiled . 
 `` too well ? 
 that 's so cute . '' 
 `` i 'm going to wipe that stupid smile off your face with my fist in a minute , nick , '' max growled . 
 luke nodded in approval . 
 `` good . 
 it 's healthy to let your feelings out , max . 
 get angry . 
 tell us off . 
 let 's work through this . '' 
 `` i 'm not angry , '' max said through gritted teeth . 
 `` now , i 'd appreciate it if you 'd all get the hell out of here . '' 
 gio threw a hand up in the air . 
 `` i told you coming here would be a waste of time . '' 
 nick gave max a sideward glance and said , `` gio , did n't you say maddy asked if she could bring tara to the dinner tomorrow ? '' 
 `` i did , '' gio answered curtly . 
 `` and are n't you having other guests , also ? 
 the corisis and some of your other friends ? '' 
 nick continued . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` any single men ? '' 
 nick asked in a tone that grated on max . 
 it was clear nick was trying to get a rise of out max , and it was working . 
 gio nodded . 
 `` a few . '' 
 nick shook his head in a mockery of concern . 
 `` rich eligible bachelors . 
 i would n't send a woman i was interested in off to a dinner like that alone . 
 but maybe max does n't care . 
 in that case , it wo n't matter who tara leaves with . '' 
 max slammed a hand down on the back of the chair . 
 `` you win . 
 i 'll go . '' 
 gio smiled for the first time . 
 `` good . '' 
 luke said , `` it would have been better if he 'd agreed to come because we 'd talked things through . '' 
 nick shrugged . 
 `` we do n't need to talk it out . 
 we all know what 's wrong with us . 
 we are a seriously fucked-up family . 
 max , you 're right , life is easier without us , but we 're not going anywhere . 
 we 're your brothers . '' 
 he pulled max to him for an exaggerated hug . 
 `` and we love you , man . '' 
 max shoved nick off him . 
 he looked around the room , and an unexpected feeling welled up in him . 
 no matter how he tried to deny it , it rose within him-hope . 
 `` i am deeply worried about the three of you . '' 
 gio walked over until he was close enough max worried he was about to hug him also . 
 `` i 'm glad you changed your mind , max . '' 
 the sincerity in gio 's expression made max uncomfortable . 
 `` i 'm not agreeing to more than dinner . '' 
 gio held his eyes . 
 `` i 've made a lot of mistakes , max . 
 i do n't deny that . 
 but julia is close to her family , and i want to be close with mine . '' 
 max made a face . 
 `` please do n't hug me . '' 
 gio smiled again , but there was a hint of sadness in the gesture . 
 `` come to dinner with an open mind , max . 
 that 's all i ask . 
 give us a chance to get it right this time . '' 
 `` i 'll be there , '' max said . 
 he thought back to how hopeful he 'd been when the four of them had attended stephan 's wedding . 
 their truce had lasted only a few days after their return . 
 he swore he would n't get pulled back in again , but his emotions were a tangle of frustration and hope . 
 nick slapped luke on the back . 
 `` see , a little blackmail , a little humor-it 's a combination that always works . '' 
 luke studied max 's face . 
 `` you were lucky . 
 it was only effective because he really likes her . '' 
 max denied the claim . 
 `` i do n't . 
 i realized you were serious about your threat to stay until i agreed to go . '' 
 nick chuckled . 
 `` i 've never seen max smitten with a woman before . 
 i ca n't wait to meet her . 
 she must be something special . '' 
 max walked to the door and held it open . 
 `` get out . '' 
 nick walked through the door first . 
 `` do n't try to back out of tomorrow night . 
 if you do , i will find you . '' 
 standing beside the open door , max said , `` i 'm going . 
 i said it , and i meant it . '' 
 luke gave him a pat on the arm as he walked past max and out the door . 
 `` you 'll thank me one day for making sure you did n't miss out on this . '' 
 max made a doubtful face but admitted , `` i know you believe that , luke . '' 
 gio stopped in front of him and said , `` i believe it , too . 
 i 'll make sure you 're seated next to tara at dinner . '' 
 `` i do n't care - , '' max started to say , but when all three of his brothers gave him a knowing smile , he said , `` thank you , '' then closed the door . 
 he headed off to the bathroom . 
 as he stripped for the shower , he caught his expression in the mirror . 
 he was smiling . 
 all this about a dinner . 
 my family is nuts . 
 but they 're right : i am smitten . 
 avoid me all you want today , tara . 
 tomorrow you 'll be mine again . 
 chapter eight patrice stanfield sat back in her chair and folded her hands on her lap . 
 the simple but elegant beige dress she wore hung loosely on her thin frame . 
 her white hair was swept up in an elegant , loose bun . 
 she was n't an old woman , but her health issues had certainly aged her . 
 the butler who had greeted maddy and tara and led them to this sitting room had disappeared along with the woman who had served them tea . 
 tara placed her empty cup and saucer back on the tray between them and tried not to be obvious about studying patrice . 
 maddy had shared several stories with her on the ride over that did n't seem believable . 
 this soft-spoken woman had tried to buy off gio 's fiancee ? 
 she had threatened nick 's ? 
 patrice 's hands shook as she raised her teacup to her lips . 
 she looked too frail to intimidate anyone . 
 `` it 's so nice to have company , '' patrice said with a small smile . 
 `` you have n't come by to see me in a while , maddy . '' 
 maddy gave her aunt a pained smile . 
 `` i 've been busy , but i wanted you to meet my friend tara . '' 
 patrice 's smile did n't reach her eyes when she looked tara over . 
 she nodded in her direction then turned her attention back to maddy . 
 `` friends are so important , are n't they ? 
 appreciate them while you have them . 
 as you get older you 'll find yourself with fewer and fewer until you do n't even remember what it was like not to be lonely . '' 
 maddy 's eyes misted a bit . 
 tara was n't as moved by the comment . 
 it seemed orchestrated to do exactly what it had done . 
 `` i would have come by sooner , but ... '' `` but ? '' 
 patrice asked . 
 a heavy silence hung between them . 
 tara knew why maddy had n't visited patrice , but patrice obviously did n't . 
 maddy wrung her hands together . 
 `` my father asked me not to . '' 
 `` really ? '' 
 the expression in patrice 's eyes was dark and cold even as she continued to smile at maddy . 
 `` it 's no secret alessandro never liked me . '' 
 maddy leaned forward . 
 `` why , aunt patrice ? 
 what happened between you and my father ? 
 tell me ; maybe i can help . '' 
 patrice 's eyes glittered with an emotion that sent a shiver down tara 's back . 
 oh , maddy , how can you not see the hate in her eyes ? 
 this is max 's mother ? 
 no wonder he does n't like to come home . 
 i 'd want to run as far and as fast as i could from her . 
 patrice took another sip of her tea . 
 `` it 's ancient history , maddy . 
 i 'm happy , though , that you did n't let him poison your opinion of me . '' 
 maddy 's chin rose . 
 `` he may not want me here , but he has never said a bad word about you . '' 
 `` i find that difficult to believe , '' patrice said coldly . 
 her lips thinned in an attempt at another smile . 
 `` let 's talk about something happier . 
 how are my sons ? '' 
 `` they have n't come to see you ? '' 
 maddy asked . 
 `` would i be asking you about them if they had ? '' 
 patrice snapped , then instantly softened her expression . 
 `` i 'm sorry , my medication makes me emotional . 
 that 's probably why it 's difficult for my sons to be around me right now . 
 they ca n't bear to see me ill . '' 
 oh , i 'm sure that 's it , tara thought , but kept it to herself . 
 it 's not your personality , or creepy smile . 
 `` when i see them tomorrow i 'll encourage them to come by . 
 they 're all so busy , i 'm sure they did n't mean for so much time to go by . '' 
 maddy picked up a scone , then placed it back on her plate without tasting it . 
 `` when you see them where ? '' 
 patrice asked as casually as if inquiring about the weather . 
 maddy answered instantly . 
 `` gio is hosting a big dinner party . 
 well , he and julia are . 
 we 're going to plan their wedding . 
 everyone will be there . 
 i heard even julia 's father is coming in for it . '' 
 patrice folded her hands on her lap again . 
 `` i do n't recall receiving an invitation . '' 
 tara sucked in an audible breath . 
 awkward . 
 maddy leaned forward and placed her hand on patrice 's . 
 `` i 'm sure you did . 
 would you like to come with me ? 
 i can swing by and pick you up . '' 
 patrice laid her other hand on top of maddy 's in what should have been a warm gesture , but tara was sure what patrice really wanted to do was remove maddy 's hand from hers . 
 `` you 're so sweet , maddy . 
 if my health were better i would take you up on that offer . '' 
 the cold expression tara had seen earlier returned to patrice 's eyes . 
 `` tell me , is nick going ? '' 
 maddy nodded happily . 
 `` yes . 
 he and gio have gotten really close since they 've been working together . 
 it 's heartwarming to see . '' 
 `` i 'm sure it is , '' patrice answered and moved , breaking the connection to maddy . 
 `` is he still with that rena ? '' 
 `` yes , and it looks like they 'll be getting married also . '' 
 `` i 'm happy for them , '' patrice said , although clearly she was n't . 
 `` even max is in town , although it 's anyone 's guess if he 'll go to the dinner or be in the wedding . 
 he says no , but i think he 'll change his mind . '' 
 maddy smoothed her hands over her skirt again as if gathering her courage . 
 `` what do you think , aunt patrice ? '' 
 `` he may . 
 max does exactly as he pleases . 
 he always has . '' 
 `` well , i 'm hoping to lure him there , '' maddy said and winked at tara . 
 patrice caught the move and pinned tara down with an icy stare . 
 `` why , maddy , tell me you 're not still playing that foolish matchmaking game . '' 
 oh , maddy , now you 've done it . 
 i completely believe every rumor about patrice . 
 if looks could hurt , i 'd be bleeding out on the floor . 
 maddy defended her bet . 
 `` it 's not foolish . 
 gio is much happier now that he has julia . 
 and you should see nick with rena . 
 he 's a different man . 
 love is a beautiful thing . '' 
 patrice 's face went white . 
 `` beautiful ? 
 love is a curse , '' she spat . 
 there was an ugliness in her expression that made maddy gasp . 
 patrice called for her nurse . 
 a young woman rushed into the room . 
 `` i 'm tired . 
 please , take me back to my bedchambers . '' 
 the nurse helped patrice to her feet . 
 maddy stood and took a step after her aunt . 
 `` aunt patrice , i did n't mean to upset you . '' 
 as she clung to the nurse 's arm with one hand , patrice clutched her other hand to her chest in a dramatic gesture and made a pathetic wheezing sound . 
 the whole scene felt staged . 
 tara looked away and rolled her eyes . 
 patrice walked with her nurse to the door then stopped just before it and turned back . 
 `` maddy , from now on i believe you should take your father 's advice and stay away from me . '' 
 `` you do n't mean that , aunt patrice , '' maddy implored . 
 `` i do , '' patrice said coldly . 
 `` give my regards to my sons tomorrow . '' 
 a moment later her butler entered the living room with their coats . 
 tara said , `` i 'd say that 's our cue to leave . '' 
 maddy nodded as they both slid their coats on . 
 `` i did n't mean to upset her . '' 
 tara walked with maddy through the foyer and out the front door . 
 once inside maddy 's limo , tara said , `` it probably does n't take much . '' 
 maddy looked out the back window of the limo as it pulled away from patrice 's home . 
 `` have some sympathy for her . 
 she 's very sick , and now she 's alone . '' 
 tara felt hard-hearted as she spoke , but maddy had asked her to meet patrice for a reason , and it was n't to sugarcoat what she saw . 
 `` she has four sons , three who live within hours of her . 
 if she 's alone , there 's a reason . '' 
 maddy turned to face forward again . 
 `` gio says he wo n't expose julia to her again . 
 nick refuses to even talk to her after she supposedly threatened rena . 
 does she look like a woman who would threaten anyone ? '' 
 `` yes , '' tara said without hesitation . 
 maddy shook her head . 
 `` when i look at aunt patrice all i see is a sad , lonely woman . 
 what do you see ? '' 
 tara laid a hand on maddy 's arm and said gently , `` i see a woman who is so bitter about something , she does n't have room in her heart for anything else . 
 do n't trust her , maddy . 
 she 's been using you to get information about her sons . '' 
 maddy raised a shaky hand to her mouth . 
 `` oh , my god , rena was right . 
 she said i was the reason patrice knew gio had met julia . 
 i told patrice about nick and rena , too . 
 i thought it would bring her comfort to know her sons were doing well . '' 
 `` instead , she used what you told her to try to break them up . '' 
 `` i ca n't wrap my head around that . 
 what kind of mother does n't want her sons to be happy ? '' 
 tara glanced out the back window of the limo . 
 that kind . 
 maddy gasped and said , `` oh , my god . 
 i told her about gio 's big dinner . 
 you do n't think she would do anything to ruin it , do you ? '' 
 tara shrugged awkwardly . 
 `` i do n't know her well enough to say what she 's capable of . '' 
 `` i ca n't warn gio . 
 i do n't want to ruin his night , and she might not do anything . '' 
 maddy chewed on her thumbnail . 
 `` i ca n't tell my father . 
 he does n't get upset with me often , but he was furious when he found out i was visiting patrice . '' 
 maddy gave tara a sad look . 
 `` even richard wo n't be happy if he hears this . 
 he told me to stay out of it , and he never gets involved in family business . 
 tell me i did n't just make a huge mistake . '' 
 tara scooted closer and gave maddy a supportive pat on the back . 
 `` i 've never been a good liar . '' 
 when maddy met tara 's eyes , tara knew she was in trouble . 
 `` you 're the only one who knows what i just did . 
 you have to help me . 
 thank god you 're coming to gio 's dinner . '' 
 tara shifted away from maddy . 
 `` i 'm not . 
 remember what i said earlier ? 
 i 'm done . 
 visiting patrice was the end of it . '' 
 `` but you have to come . '' 
 `` no , i do n't . '' 
 she remembered how she and max had spent that morning . 
 `` i ca n't . '' 
 `` i need you . '' 
 `` maddy , you promised me you would n't ask me for anything else . '' 
 `` i 'll pay you double . '' 
 `` i already ripped up your check . '' 
 `` then i 'll give you another . 
 name your price . '' 
 `` this is n't about money , maddy . '' 
 and if max is there with another woman , i do n't want to see it . 
 maddy chewed her bottom lip , then said , `` technically , this is not asking you for something new . 
 you promised to go to this party with me . 
 everyone is expecting you . '' 
 `` that was before - '' tara swallowed the rest of her sentence . 
 `` before what ? '' 
 maddy asked . 
 before i slept with max . 
 `` before i realized how awful i really am when it comes to doing undercover work . 
 i like your family . 
 they 've been wonderful to me . 
 i do n't want to lie to them anymore . '' 
 maddy looked down at her hands sadly , then back up at tara . 
 `` if you like them , you should want to help them . 
 i 'm not asking you to pump anyone for information . 
 i get that you suck at that . 
 i 'll be there with richard and the kids , and that can be distracting . 
 i only need an extra set of eyes and ears in case aunt patrice tries something . 
 if she does , i 'll go straight to gio . 
 i promise . 
 and i 'll admit everything . '' 
 tara felt herself beginning to waver . 
 `` i do n't know . '' 
 maddy took a hand in hers and said , `` consider yourself fired . 
 you do n't work for me anymore . 
 you do n't have to lie about anything . 
 come because you 're my friend . 
 we are friends , are n't we ? '' 
 `` yes , i guess . '' 
 although tara could honestly say she 'd never had a friend quite like maddy before . 
 tara could n't believe she was walking away from a hundred thousand dollars , but she felt free from the weight of the lies . 
 and if max was there with another woman ? 
 well , maybe it was for the best . 
 if they had any sort of relationship , she 'd have to tell him about her job and what had brought her to him in the first place . 
 it was better for everyone if the only thing they had was what he had originally offered her-a few hours of pleasure with no expectations of more . 
 `` please , tara , help me one last time . '' 
 tara gave maddy 's hand a squeeze . 
 `` i 'll go , but if we really are friends you 're going to have to learn how to hear the word no . '' 
 `` snow ? '' 
 maddy asked innocently . 
 tara started to repeat what she 'd said , then saw the glint of mischief in maddy 's eyes . 
 `` i 'm serious . '' 
 maddy flashed her a big , heartfelt smile that tara was sure she used to her advantage . 
 `` and i 'm grateful . 
 thank you , tara , for agreeing to go . 
 when all of this is over i am going to find you the most amazing husband . '' 
 before tara had time to say that would n't be necessary , maddy lowered the window to the driver and directed him to drive to bergdorf goodman . 
 `` but first , let me buy you the perfect dress . '' 
 tara told herself she should say no . 
 but she was only human . 
 *** that night , tara let herself into her apartment and stopped dead at the sight of unlit candles scattered all over the living room and kitchenette . 
 dyson was lying on the couch in lounge pants reading on his tablet . 
 `` are we expecting a power outage ? '' 
 dyson raised his head and waved . 
 `` brigitte comes home tomorrow . 
 any chance you could make yourself scarce for the night ? '' 
 tara held up her zippered dress bag . 
 `` i have a party to go to so i wo n't be here anyway . '' 
 dyson sat up . 
 `` i meant all night . 
 maybe you could hook up with someone ? 
 it might do you good . '' 
 it has n't been that long . 
 and right where you 're sitting . 
 `` i 'm not going home with a man just so you can have the apartment all to yourself . '' 
 dyson gave her sad eyes . 
 tara laid her dress across the back of one of the chairs and said , `` do n't look at me like that . 
 do i have sucker written on my forehead ? 
 i am not that easy to manipulate . '' 
 dyson continued to look at her with his big puppy dog eyes . 
 `` brigitte called to see if i was still here . 
 she said she missed me . 
 do you want to stand in the way of love ? '' 
 he held up the magazine . 
 `` i 'm trying out your friend 's advice . '' 
 `` my friend ? '' 
 `` maddy , was n't that her name ? 
 she suggested i give brigitte a night to remember , then walk away . '' 
 `` really ? 
 you 're going to walk away . '' 
 `` yes . 
 right after i give her the night of her life . 
 that 's why i bought candles . 
 i went shopping for ... '' tara raised a hand . 
 `` i do n't need the details . 
 i 'll reserve a hotel room for a night . '' 
 she waved a finger at dyson . 
 `` but you 're paying for the room . 
 and it 's going to be a nice one . 
 maybe five-star . '' 
 with a smile , dyson dropped back down onto the couch . 
 `` send me the bill . '' 
 tara picked up her dress and threatened , `` and i 'm going to order a lot of room service . 
 all i can eat . '' 
 dyson chuckled . 
 `` go wild for once . '' 
 once ? 
 that 's my problem , i wish it were n't just once . 
 tara retreated to her room , closed the door , and sat on the edge of her bed . 
 ever since she 'd left max , she 'd told herself she was okay with it ending as a one-night stand . 
 she 'd succeeded , at least for a while , to put him out of her head . 
 but whenever she was alone , memories of his kisses warmed her cheeks . 
 her body quivered at the thought of tasting him again , welcoming him back into her bed . 
 no . 
 no . 
 no . 
 he 'd implied he 'd wanted to see her again , but tara was already confused from the short time she 'd been with him . 
 she stood and started undressing . 
 she took her cell phone out of her pocket and remembered she 'd turned it off earlier . 
 she 'd been so preoccupied she 'd forgotten to turn it back on . 
 her breath caught in her throat when she saw she had several text messages-two from max . 
 the first message had come in about an hour after she 'd left him . 
 my place tonight ? 
 max the next was time stamped several hours later . 
 are you okay ? 
 tara debated if she should answer him and , if she did , what she should say . 
 saying nothing was its own message . 
 still , she 'd never been the type to treat someone callously , and he had n't done anything wrong-in fact , he 'd done everything right . 
 there was no need to let him worry that something might have happened to her . 
 she texted : sorry , just getting in and saw your text . 
 i 'm fine . 
 she jumped a moment later when her phone rang . 
 she answered it , and in a breathless voice said , `` hi , max . '' 
 `` hi , yourself . 
 i was beginning to think you were ignoring my texts . '' 
 tara closed her eyes . 
 his voice was deep and warm , just as she remembered it . 
 `` i was n't , but we need to talk about what happened this morning . '' 
 `` i 'd rather repeat it than discuss it , '' he purred . 
 tara bit her bottom lip . 
 me , too . 
 `` that 's the thing . 
 we ca n't repeat it . 
 on slater island you said you were looking for something brief and casual . 
 well , you got it . 
 now it 's time to move on . 
 end it before things get confusing . '' 
 `` there 's nothing confusing about wanting to have you again , tara . 
 it 's all i could think about today . 
 are you coming to me , or am i going to you ? '' 
 tara sat back down on the edge of her bed as her legs went to jelly beneath her . 
 it would be so easy to say yes . 
 remembering why she could n't was n't easy while her body tingled with anticipation . 
 fighting for the strength to make the only choice that made sense , tara lied . 
 `` i do n't feel well tonight . 
 someone gave me too many drinks last night . '' 
 he was quiet for a moment , then said , `` you should rest tonight . 
 you 'll need your strength for tomorrow night . 
 i do n't intend to leave gio 's dinner party without you . '' 
 tara let out a long shaky breath . 
 `` max , things are more complicated than you know . '' 
 `` are you sleeping with someone else ? '' 
 `` no . '' 
 `` good , because that 's the only complication i could n't tolerate . 
 come to the dinner tomorrow alone , because you 'll be leaving with me . '' 
 `` you sound pretty sure about that . '' 
 `` i am . 
 i know what i want , tara , and that 's you . 
 tomorrow night will be about leisurely exploring every inch of your body until you 're begging me to take you . 
 i love the way you whimper my name when you come . 
 and you 'll do it again and again , all night long . 
 but next time , i 'll wake up with you in my arms and start loving you all over again . '' 
 `` yes , '' tara said with a wistful sigh , then corrected herself . 
 `` i mean , no . 
 that 's a bad idea . '' 
 `` you ca n't pretend you do n't want me , not after the way you gave yourself to me this morning . 
 do you like games ? 
 is that what this is ? 
 i have to admit , you keep it exciting . 
 so , play hard to get-it wo n't change how the evening will end . '' 
 `` good night , max . '' 
 `` until tomorrow , tara . '' 
 tara hung up and flopped back onto her bed . 
 i ca n't sleep with him tomorrow night , can i ? 
 i 'm going to the dinner for maddy . 
 sex after dinner wo n't stop me from helping her . 
 maxwell andrade wants me . 
 me . 
 would he if he knew about all the lies i 've told his family ? 
 he 'll eventually find out maddy hired me as a pi . 
 then what ? 
 tara remembered how his tongue had skillfully teased her clit until she 'd been writhing from the pleasure of it . 
 maybe he wo n't care . 
 i ca n't believe i 'm considering this . 
 tara thought about her plans for the evening if she said no . 
 she 'd be in a strange hotel room , alone , irritated that her roommate 's sex life had taken over their apartment . 
 or i could be having the best sex of my life . 
 i 'm a young , healthy , single woman . 
 if i want to sleep with a gorgeous man , who just so happens to also be great in bed , i should be able to . 
 right ? 
 as soon as she 'd made her decision , she could n't stop smiling . 
 he said he liked the chase . 
 she could have some fun with that . 
 tara 's dreams that night were full of scenarios of teasing max until he broke and took her roughly in a variety of locations her subconscious supplied . 
 each option was more exciting than the last and left tara desperate to see max again . 
 *** max went through the motions of working the next morning . 
 he worked from his hotel room , not wanting to be confined to an office all day . 
 he could usually shut off the noise in his head and work regardless of what was going on around him . 
 closing out everything and being able to focus completely on the task at hand was what had allowed him to break away from his family and make his own success . 
 nothing distracted him . 
 pleasure had its place in his life , but nothing was more important than the business he 'd built for himself . 
 his trust fund had been ample , but he prided himself on how he 'd used it to become a success even by his family 's standards . 
 he 'd broken free of the drama that was his childhood , forged a life where things made sense , and not much surprised him . 
 until he 'd met tara , he would have said he was completely satisfied . 
 he also would have said the last place he wanted to be was new york . 
 yet here he was , delegating his workload and freeing up his time for a woman he barely knew . 
 a woman he could n't get out of his mind no matter how hard he tried . 
 he wondered if she was anticipating seeing him as much as he was looking forward to seeing her again . 
 images of her brought a smile to his face . 
 he thought back to the first time he 'd met her and how she 'd taken his breath away in that blue dress she 'd claimed was too small for her . 
 he thought it had fit her perfectly , and he was certain there was n't a man alive who would disagree with him . 
 his smile widened as he remembered how she 'd made him laugh the other night when they 'd shared too many drinks and closed richard 's restaurant . 
 he 'd never met a woman who could make his sides hurt from laughter . 
 his phone conversation with his assistant , dale , had left him feeling uneasy . 
 `` i have you scheduled to fly to cancun on friday . '' 
 `` why do n't you go instead , dale ? 
 you 've gone with me enough to know what i 'm looking for . 
 send me a detailed report . '' 
 `` okay , '' dale had said slowly . 
 `` you were planning to be in vegas later next week . 
 are we meeting up there ? '' 
 `` we 've never had a problem out there . 
 why do n't you handle that site visit , too ? 
 i need to be in new york a little while longer . '' 
 `` new york ? '' 
 dale asked , suddenly sounding worried . 
 `` is there a problem ? '' 
 the vigie in new york was the only property max normally delegated to dale , so he could understand his concern . 
 `` no , you 've done well here , dale . 
 i 've merely found a project that temporarily requires my full attention . '' 
 `` another acquisition . '' 
 max smiled . 
 `` you could say that . '' 
 `` ca n't wait to hear about it . 
 you normally ca n't wait to get out of that city . 
 whatever you 're working on must be something spectacular . '' 
 `` it is , '' max said , speaking more to himself than to dale , as he remembered how tara had looked naked and fresh from a shower , her eyes burning with desire for him . 
 dale was right . 
 it usually took max less than a day to regret giving in to what was usually a plea from luke to visit . 
 one conversation with his family was all it usually took to have max happily flying as far as his private plane would take him . 
 there was nothing usual about this visit . 
 tara was a powerful distraction . 
 for her , he was about to attend a family function he 'd spent the last month vehemently saying he would n't . 
 and he was n't dreading it . 
 `` are we moving forward with slater island ? 
 the permits came through . 
 we are clear to demolish the three existing homes . 
 we should be set to tear down the one to the west . 
 the owner accepted our offer . 
 the rest is paperwork . 
 say the word , and we 'll clear the lots . '' 
 `` hold off a bit longer . 
 i have n't decided what i want to do there yet . '' 
 dale made a surprised sound . 
 `` are you waiting for better weather ? 
 the team says the first phase does n't need to wait for the ground to thaw . 
 or is the problem with the plans ? 
 you signed off on the first draft , but if the final is missing something i can have modifications made by the end of the week . '' 
 `` it 's not an issue with the weather or the plans . 
 table slater island until i bring it up again . '' 
 `` okay . 
 i 'll tell the team . 
 they 'll ask me why . '' 
 `` i do n't need to explain my decision to them or to you . 
 nothing further will be done with that property until i request it . 
 subject closed . '' 
 he could n't explain to himself why he was n't plowing ahead with the project . 
 he was n't about to try to explain to dale why he did n't want to move forward with the slater resort . 
 it was n't something he understood himself . 
 `` yes , sir , '' dale said . 
 dale was quiet a moment , then sounded concerned when he asked , `` is everything okay , mr. andrade ? '' 
 max 's thoughts drifted again to how tara had looked as she 'd ridden him , her cheeks flushed and her eyes wild with abandon . 
 every touch , every taste of her was torturously vivid . 
 wanting her was scrambling his thoughts . 
 he did n't want to think about work . 
 he did n't want to think about anything . 
 he wanted to see tara again . 
 that 's all that mattered . 
 he had to have her again . 
 he had to know if making love to her would be as good as he remembered it being . 
 he told himself his fascination would wane . 
 it was probably the game , more than the woman , that was exciting , but either way , it felt good . 
 too good not to pursue . 
 `` everything is fine , dale . 
 consider this the vacation i never take . 
 we 'll regroup in a week . '' 
 after hanging up , max showered and put on a casual suit . 
 he told himself a little time off was exactly what he needed . 
 he deserved a vacation . 
 even if his destination of choice was a woman . 
 one amazing brunette with the ability to make everything that normally bothered him fade away each time he thought of her . 
 a week in a city he hated ? 
 not a problem . 
 dinner with family that normally drove him nuts ? 
 absolutely worth it . 
 as long as the night ended with tara in his bed . 
 chapter nine `` i 'm so glad you came , '' maddy said as she bounced her young son on her lap , despite the sleek black dress she wore , which probably cost more than tara 's yearly rent . 
 richard followed behind their toddler son as the boy greeted each new family member when they entered gio 's apartment . 
 julia had told tara she and gio were waiting until they were married before they bought a house . 
 tara could only imagine the size of a house they would purchase , considering their apartment was larger than most normal homes . 
 the living room had seemed enormous an hour ago , but as more and more people arrived it was quickly shrinking . 
 so far gio 's `` dinner '' was nothing like tara had imagined . 
 when she 'd heard the guest list she 'd assumed it would be a very formal sit-down affair . 
 certainly the thousand-dollar dress maddy had bought her for the event implied as much . 
 but there tara was , dressed to the nines , holding a pacifier little adam had dropped to the floor moments earlier , while herds of children ran through the rooms and adults steadied plates of food each time a child knocked into them . 
 maddy stood and waved her hand at the entering guests . 
 `` that 's abby and dominic coming in . 
 i hope they saw me . 
 oh , good , they brought judy . 
 wait until you see their little girl . 
 she is a doll . 
 makes me want to try again for a girl . '' 
 maddy waved again , then smiled when abby waved back . 
 tara could n't contain her surprise . 
 `` this is n't at all how i envisioned tonight . '' 
 maddy laughed and pointed toward gio and julia , who were standing in the middle of a large crowd of animated relatives . 
 gio looked a bit shell-shocked by the experience . 
 `` i do n't think gio expected as many people , either , but he invited my parents and stephan 's parents . 
 it grew from there . 
 the women in our family are really close , and abby has become family . 
 julia will be so happy she came . '' 
 abby and dominic corisi were the closest to american royalty as any couple could be , and a general hush spreading across the living room revealed that tara was n't the only one who felt that way . 
 as much as the couple had been in the news , it was n't their reputation that held the crowd temporarily mesmerized . 
 dominic was holding the most adorable baby , who looked about eight months old . 
 little judy was unsure when she saw the large crowd , and dominic was whispering something to comfort to her . 
 a powerful man , coaxing his shy daughter as if making her smile was the most important thing in the world to him , was a sight not many could look away from . 
 whatever he said worked because his daughter began clapping happily . 
 abby looked over her shoulder at her husband and smiled with approval . 
 dominic bent down to say something to abby that brought a blush to her cheeks . 
 tara could n't have looked away if her life had depended on it . 
 it was the most beautiful thing she 'd ever seen . 
 and , for just a moment , tara felt an emptiness she tried to deny . 
 take away everything from that couple-the fame , the money-and tara was sure they would be happy because they had each other . 
 will i ever have anything close to that ? 
 tara shook her head to clear it and tried to refocus on her reason for being there . 
 she was supposed to pay attention to details , watch for problems . 
 `` who is the redhead behind abby ? '' 
 maddy craned her neck to see . 
 `` that 's alethea . 
 does she have marc with her ? 
 yes , see the man to her right ? 
 they are dominic 's power security team . 
 dominic can be a little paranoid when it comes to protecting his family , but when you 're high-profile like he is , i guess you have to be . 
 alethea is a little intense . 
 try to avoid her . 
 she knows abby 's sister so she 's in my circle of friends , but i would n't say she likes me much . 
 at least she brought marc with her . 
 who could complain about adding him to a party ? 
 can you say man candy ? '' 
 alethea looked up and her eyes narrowed in their direction . 
 maddy was n't kidding . 
 note to self : stay away from the redhead . 
 just before tara looked away she caught max entering the room . 
 their eyes met and held , and for a moment everyone and everything else faded away . 
 he greeted dominic with a handshake and said something to abby that made her smile . 
 as max moved through the crowd , he stopped to say a word or two to various people , but then he 'd look at tara with a fire in his eyes that had tara practically squirming in her seat . 
 the room was full of good-looking men , but none of them made her heart race like max did . 
 his eyes held a promise of pleasure she 'd already decided she would n't deny herself . 
 still , she forced herself to stay seated and pretended to listen to maddy . 
 max had admitted he enjoyed the chase . 
 tara had n't been sexually daring with her previous boyfriends , but she was enjoying pushing out of her comfort zone with max . 
 she licked her bottom lip and watched his reaction closely . 
 he sucked in a breath , and his nostrils flared . 
 tara ran her eyes slowly over him , pausing deliberately on his crotch , then raised one shoulder as if unimpressed . 
 she caught just a glimpse of his expression as she turned away , and it was priceless . 
 the game was definitely on . 
 tara stood and arched her back slightly as if stretching ; she knew the move pulled the material tightly across her breasts , and she glanced over to check max 's reaction . 
 he was walking through the crowd with a curl to his lips that said he knew exactly what she was doing . 
 `` maddy , i need to use the bathroom . 
 do you know where it is ? '' 
 maddy 's attention was divided between tara 's question and abby approaching with judy . 
 she waved toward one corner of the room . 
 `` there 's one around the corner , but there 's another down the hallway if that one is occupied . '' 
 tara did n't have to look over her shoulder to see if max would follow . 
 she knew he would . 
 she rounded the corner and started walking down the hallway , not slowing her pace even though she heard footsteps behind her . 
 a strong hand swung her around so her back was against the wall . 
 max held her arm with one hand and placed his other on the wall beside her head . 
 `` i 've been waiting all day to do this . '' 
 as he lowered his lips to hers , tara turned her face away , biting her lips to hide her smile . 
 he chuckled , his hot breath caressing her cheek . 
 `` so , that 's how it 's going to be , is it ? '' 
 with her face still averted , tara glanced at max from beneath her long lashes . 
 `` i do n't know what you 're talking about , mr. andrade . 
 i came down here in search of the bathroom . 
 now , please unhand me . '' 
 he let go of her arm and placed his hand on the wall on the other side of her head . 
 he kissed her shoulder , long hot kisses that set tara 's skin on fire . 
 he grazed his teeth gently across her collarbone then ran his tongue lightly back across that path . 
 he blew softly on the arch of her neck , and tara was never so happy to have worn her hair up . 
 his mouth was sinfully skilled . 
 he kissed and nipped at her neck playfully until tara 's breathing was shallow with desire . 
 she lost control , took his face between both of her hands and kissed him deeply . 
 her tongue met his with no hesitation . 
 they kissed like lovers who had done this a hundred times before and would gladly do it a hundred times more . 
 tara writhed her body against his , loving that she felt him hard and excited for her . 
 passion licked through her . 
 tara imagined giving herself to him right then . 
 all it would take was for him to hike up her dress , push her thong aside , free himself , and plunge into her . 
 no . 
 not yet . 
 not here . 
 tara broke off the kiss and stepped out from beneath his arms in a move that took him by surprise . 
 she gave him a cheeky smile as she retreated , saying , `` that was nice , but i think you can do better . '' 
 the smile he gave her was a promise of its own . 
 he let her go but said softly , `` oh , i can . 
 i hope you slept last night , because you wo n't tonight . '' 
 tara slipped away and returned to the party . 
 she deliberately did n't look at dominic and abby . 
 comparing what they had to what she was doing with max threatened to kill tara 's excitement about how she planned to spend the night . 
 i 'll have love someday . 
 if it 's not with max , that 's okay . 
 not all relationships are forever . 
 and not everyone gets the fairy tale . 
 tara glanced back and caught max watching her even as he spoke to one of his brothers . 
 her senses went wild , and she swallowed hard . 
 if this is all we have , hey , it 's still pretty damn amazing . 
 she tore her eyes away from him and was reminded of the other reason she was there . 
 she had almost forgotten maddy had asked her to watch for trouble . 
 although , looking around at the high spirits of the large group of people gathered , tara doubted even patrice andrade could do anything to ruin the night . 
 julia was all smiles . 
 she caught tara 's eyes and waved at her happily . 
 gio was at her side and was looking more comfortable as the evening went on . 
 everywhere tara looked people were laughing and sharing congratulations for the couple who were finally choosing a wedding date . 
 julia walked over and hugged tara . 
 `` i 'm so glad you came . '' 
 although julia was beautifully dressed and her makeup was expertly applied , tara thought she looked tired . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 `` maddy told me you met patrice . '' 
 `` i did , '' tara said , unsure yet if that was supposed to be a good or bad thing . 
 `` i 'd ask maddy , but you know how she is . 
 if i say anything to her , everyone will know i did . 
 and gio does n't like the idea of me getting involved with his mother . 
 tell me , how did patrice look ? '' 
 tara shrugged awkwardly . 
 `` she did n't appear very happy . '' 
 julia wrinkled her nose . 
 `` that 's nothing new . 
 i meant , health-wise . 
 we hear she 's getting worse , but she wo n't let her sons visit her lately . 
 not even luke . 
 i 'm worried she may actually be ill . '' 
 `` i 'm not a doctor , julia . 
 i do n't know what to say . '' 
 julia grimaced . 
 `` of course you do n't . 
 i 'm sorry to put this on you . 
 this should be the happiest time for gio and me . 
 i want to help him any way i can . '' 
 `` if i knew anything i 'd tell you . '' 
 julia gave her a grateful , small smile . 
 `` i know you would . 
 maddy has a good friend in you . 
 thank you for listening . '' 
 no , do n't ask . 
 you 're pulling away from the family . 
 it 's none of your business . 
 `` are things better with gio 's work ? '' 
 julia leaned closer . 
 `` i should n't say anything , but i 'm going crazy , and you 're outside all of this enough that i need to hear your opinion . 
 i 'm really starting to worry . 
 gio 's not sleeping . 
 he 's barely eating . 
 between his mother and whatever is going on at cogent , i 'm beginning to wonder if we should postpone the wedding . 
 i do n't want to add anything else to his plate . '' 
 `` oh , julia . 
 i 'm so sorry . '' 
 julia dabbed away what looked like a tear ready to spill over and smear her makeup . 
 `` it 'll work out . 
 i just wish he would open up to me . 
 the andrade men are so proud . 
 they think they have to handle everything themselves . 
 but they do n't . 
 how can i prove i will be there for him no matter what happens ? 
 a marriage is a partnership . 
 what does it mean that he wo n't let me help him ? '' 
 tara wanted to say , from what she knew about patrice and how she 'd raised her sons , it did n't take a psychologist to figure out why gio had trust issues . 
 she gave julia 's hand a supportive squeeze . 
 `` i 've never been in love , julia , but i recognize it when i see it , and you and gio were meant to be together . 
 you need to talk to him . 
 tell him what you know and what you 're afraid of . 
 he 'll come around . 
 my mother used to joke that instead of getting angry with my father she would tell herself he was an alien from another planet , and it was her job to teach him how to be a human being . 
 when he hid things from her , like a tooth abscess that festered until he was almost admitted to the hospital , she was furious , but she forgave him-because of his alien background . '' 
 julia chuckled . 
 `` i can imagine my mother would have once said something like that about my father . '' 
 `` gio is a strong , proud man , and is n't that part of what you love about him ? '' 
 julia nodded . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and we both know he had a difficult childhood , but he has you now , and you can show him that real love is unconditional . 
 talk to him , and guide him as he learns the ways of our culture . '' 
 although the topic was n't one tara found amusing , she tried to use humor to lighten julia 's mood . 
 julia smiled . 
 `` tara , for someone who says she 's never been in love , you give great advice . 
 thank you . 
 i feel so much better . '' 
 `` my parents have been married for more than thirty years . 
 i 've seen love work . '' 
 julia hugged her . 
 `` me , too . 
 thank you for reminding me of that . '' 
 she gave tara a strange look then said , `` are you looking for a relationship ? '' 
 tara coughed . 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` whatever else maddy is , you know she 's an excellent matchmaker . 
 you should ask her to find someone for you . '' 
 smiling widely , julia continued , `` what am i thinking ? 
 i could do it . 
 have you met luke ? 
 he 's a surgeon . 
 and he 's single . 
 he is also the sweetest , most caring man i 've ever met . 
 the two of you would be perfect together . '' 
 `` i - '' `` or max . '' 
 julia looked around until she spotted him . 
 `` i do n't know him as well as gio 's other brothers , but i could introduce you . '' 
 tara met max 's eyes across the room and blushed deeply . 
 `` we 've met . '' 
 as if he knew what they were talking about , max winked . 
 julia followed the look back to tara and said , `` i had no idea . '' 
 mouth suddenly dry , tara said , `` it 's not like that . '' 
 julia looked pleased and unconvinced . 
 `` hey , your secret is safe with me . 
 i 'm happy for you . 
 if things work out , i 'm claiming you for my team . '' 
 tara remembered maddy had mentioned matchmaking teams and was about to deny once again that anything was going on between her and max , when someone waved for julia to join them . 
 `` i have to go , tara , but thank you . 
 you made me feel a hundred times better . '' 
 well , at least i did something right . 
 tara was sipping her wine , watching the andrade family mix and mingle , wondering how max would approach her next , when dominic corisi 's female security person , alethea , came to stand beside her . 
 `` so , you 're tara . 
 i 've heard a lot about you . '' 
 cold green eyes assessed tara . 
 tara raised her chin with pride . 
 she may not be in the same financial standing as the people at the party , but tara had never been one to be intimidated by wealth . 
 she told herself alethea was simply doing her job . 
 she 'd likely ask a question or two and move on . 
 `` and you 're alethea . '' 
 `` yes , i am . '' 
 the woman smiled as if her name alone held a meaning she agreed to . 
 `` maddy says you 're old friends . '' 
 it was easier to go along with maddy 's story about how they 'd met , because tara knew it was the last time she 'd have to . 
 as much as she liked them , she would n't see any of these people again . 
 alethea clearly did n't trust her , which oddly made tara feel better . 
 misleading someone like julia was heart-wrenching ; lying to alethea meant next to nothing to her . 
 `` it feels like i 've known maddy forever . '' 
 that part was true at least . 
 a day with maddy could feel like a year . 
 `` the two of you met while you were both in school in switzerland , right ? '' 
 `` yes , '' tara said , relieved that alethea was checking facts rather than requesting details . 
 maddy 's versions of how they 'd met were often inconsistent . 
 in this version , apparently they 'd gone to school together . 
 `` we 've stayed in touch since , and it 's nice to have this time with her . '' 
 alethea looked away then back , pinning tara down with those catlike eyes of hers . 
 `` funny thing about maddy , she 's never gone to school in switzerland . '' 
 crap . 
 think . 
 `` oh , sorry , i thought you said france . 
 we met in france . '' 
 `` parlez-vous francais ? '' 
 double crap . 
 `` not anymore . 
 it has been a while . '' 
 `` how long , exactly ? '' 
 alethea asked , then went on without waiting for tara to answer . 
 `` let me save you from embarrassing yourself further . 
 i know exactly who you are , tara holmes . 
 did you think you could attend an event like this and not have a background check done ? 
 just what does an amateur private investigator like you think you 'll uncover here tonight ? '' 
 heat rushed to tara 's cheeks , but she told herself she had nothing to be embarrassed about . 
 `` that may be my job , but i 'm here as maddy 's friend . '' 
 it was the truth . 
 she met alethea 's eyes boldly . 
 alethea chuckled condescendingly . 
 `` try again . '' 
 tara looked around for maddy but only found max . 
 she sent him a save-me look , but he was in a serious conversation with gio and sent her an i 'm - temporarily-trapped pained expression . 
 she said , `` you know maddy , always a matchmaker . '' 
 alethea linked arms with tara as if they were friends and led her off to the side of the room . 
 once out of earshot of others , all pretense of civility fell away . 
 `` oh , sweetie , you 're so far out of your league i feel sorry for you . 
 i know maddy hired you . 
 you can stop lying ; you 're not very good at it . 
 next time try to at least come up with something believable . 
 you 're definitely not max 's type . '' 
 tara pulled her arm away from alethea and squared her shoulders . 
 `` for your information , max is very into me . '' 
 `` is he ? '' 
 alethea 's lips thinned in a smile as if tara had given her information she 'd been looking for . 
 `` so , maddy 's little private eye is fucking her cousin on the side ? 
 did you at least find out something to help her first ? '' 
 `` i-i-i mean ... '' `` whatever she 's paying you , it 's too much . '' 
 tara 's control snapped . 
 she advanced on alethea . 
 `` yes , maddy did come to me for help , and yes , i pretended to be her friend hoping to find out the big secret she thinks everyone is hiding from her , but i failed at that task , and i tore up the check . 
 i 'm here tonight because she asked me to come-as a friend . 
 and if i wanted to sleep with every man in this room it would n't be any of your business . '' 
 it took a moment for tara to connect the amused expression on alethea 's face with the hush that had fallen over the room . 
 a quick glance around the room confirmed tara 's fear that the volume of her voice may have risen with her temper . 
 thankfully neither max nor his brothers were still in the main room . 
 maddy was also mia . 
 relief was short-lived as a number of family members continued to openly stare at her . 
 tara turned back to alethea , her face hot with embarrassment . 
 `` how much do you think they heard ? '' 
 it was easy to hate alethea when no sympathy hindered her amusement . 
 `` not enough to blow your cover , but enough that several wives are moving to stand with their husbands . 
 you minx , you . '' 
 `` i have never - '' tara started to say something cutting , but marc , the man maddy had said was the other half of dominic corisi 's security team , stepped between them . 
 `` ladies , '' he said smoothly with a smile that could have charmed even the angriest of women , `` how are we doing tonight ? '' 
 when neither tara nor alethea answered him , he offered his hand in greeting to tara . 
 `` you 're tara , right ? 
 it 's a pleasure to finally meet you . 
 i 'm marc stone . '' 
 with a twinkle in his eye , he added , `` alethea 's better half . '' 
 tara reluctantly shook his hand . 
 with a forced smile , tara said , `` it 's nice to see she has one-a better side , that is . '' 
 alethea did n't seem the least bit bothered by tara 's comment . 
 marc put his arm around alethea 's waist and pulled her to his side . 
 he continued to smile at tara , but his comments were directed to the woman in his arms . 
 `` sweetie , this is a social event . 
 we 're here as friends of the family . 
 retract the claws . 
 tara , you 'll have to excuse alethea , she comes on a little strong when you first meet her . '' 
 `` a little ? '' 
 tara asked sarcastically , happy that the crowd behind marc had seemed to move on from the incident and were once again a jovial buzz of voices . 
 marc looked down at alethea . 
 despite what he 'd said about her , it was clear he adored her . 
 `` when you get to know alethea better , you 'll see her heart is in the right place , tara . 
 she 's very protective of her friends . 
 consider whatever she said to you her way of getting to know you . 
 who knows , the two of you may even become friends , and this will be a story you 'll look back on and laugh about . '' 
 marc glanced over at dominic then said , `` it looks like i 'm needed . 
 alethea , remember this is supposed to be a fun evening for everyone . 
 play nice . '' 
 alethea met marc 's eyes then sighed . 
 `` i 'll try . '' 
 he kissed her briefly on the lips . 
 `` that 's all i ask . '' 
 even this crazy green-eyed , snake-in-the-grass woman had a man who loved her ? 
 what am i doing wrong ? 
 stop . 
 do n't think like that . 
 i 'm still young . 
 hell , some people are still living with their parents at my age . 
 i have plenty of time to find love . 
 after marc left , alethea smiled again and said , `` well , tara holmes , it was nice meeting you ... and , by nice , i mean very informative . '' 
 she turned as if she were about to walk away . 
 `` wait , '' tara said spontaneously . 
 `` i have a question . '' 
 those icy green eyes turned back on tara with full force . 
 `` i ca n't wait to hear it . '' 
 `` if you 're so far out of my league , and you know everything about everyone , why did maddy hire me ? 
 you know her family . 
 it seems like you could have gotten her answers easily . '' 
 the redhead frowned , and tara knew her comment had hit a sore spot . 
 `` she asked me to , but i said no . '' 
 `` because you do n't like her ? '' 
 tara asked . 
 `` i like maddy . '' 
 `` that 's not what she thinks . '' 
 alethea suddenly did n't look nearly as confident . 
 `` she and i are very different , that 's all . 
 and i do n't get involved with people 's private lives anymore . 
 it never leads to anything but trouble . '' 
 `` so , you 'll only help people if it 's convenient for you . '' 
 `` no , i keep my curiosity contained to my job now . '' 
 `` you lie as badly as i do . 
 i bet you know every piece of dirt on everyone in this room . '' 
 alethea said nothing , but she did n't deny it either . 
 `` someone like you would have heard about the trouble at cogent . '' 
 alethea 's eyes narrowed , but she still held her silence . 
 `` and you would n't be able to stand by and let something happen there , would you ? 
 not if you could help . '' 
 `` if i did know anything , which i do n't , there is nothing there that is recent enough to matter . '' 
 `` are you sure ? '' 
 tara prayed she knew what she was doing . 
 she had failed to get answers for maddy . 
 she hated walking away knowing she had n't helped julia , either . 
 if alethea was the protector of all in her realm , perhaps it would n't hurt to give her a nudge in gio 's direction . 
 he might need help , even if , as julia said , he had trouble asking for it . 
 `` what do you know ? '' 
 two can play at this game . 
 `` if i did know anything , which i do n't , it would have been said to me in confidence , and i would n't disclose it . 
 i can say , however , you 're not nearly as good as you think you are . 
 you missed something . 
 something big . '' 
 with that , tara walked away , leaving a flustered and speechless alethea to mull over her words . 
 as tara made her way across the room she realized the crowd had thinned . 
 people were gathering their children , putting on their coats , and leaving . 
 maddy already had her coat on and was fastening the button on her son 's jacket . 
 she did n't smile as tara approached . 
 she heard what i said . 
 triple crap . 
 `` maddy , i 'm so sorry . 
 i did n't mean to embarrass you . '' 
 maddy straightened and took her son by the hand . 
 `` what are you talking about ? '' 
 wait . 
 is this about something else ? 
 `` where is everyone going ? '' 
 holding his young son in his arms , richard offered to take joey too . 
 `` i 'll take the boys down , maddy . 
 they do n't need to hear this . 
 you tell her , then meet me at the car . '' 
 maddy nodded and gave her husband a grateful kiss . 
 `` i 'll be right down . '' 
 `` take your time , '' he said . 
 as soon as he was out of earshot , tara grabbed maddy 's arm . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 `` gio received a call from aunt patrice 's doctor . 
 she had an episode tonight , and it was a serious one . '' 
 `` is she in the hospital ? '' 
 `` no , she 's being treated at home . '' 
 oh , my god . 
 no . 
 `` you do n't think - '' `` that she 'd fake an episode to ruin gio 's dinner ? 
 i do n't know . 
 that 's why i took you to meet her . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 tara shrugged helplessly . 
 `` patrice has banned her sons from visiting her . 
 luke is livid . 
 he suggested they march over there and demand to be let in . 
 gio refused to join him . 
 nick said he 's done with trying when it comes to their mother . 
 max would n't even speak to me when i tried to talk to him . 
 i do n't want to leave them , but i 'm not making it better by staying . '' 
 so , that was why max had disappeared . 
 it explained why he had n't come back to continue their flirtation . 
 tara scanned the room for him . 
 he was putting his own coat on , and the expression in his eyes ripped at tara 's heart . 
 there it was , the sad , withdrawn look that had drawn her to him when she 'd seen it in the photo . 
 it was even more heartbreaking to witness in person , especially now that tara understood the reason for it . 
 `` do you want us to drop you off ? '' 
 maddy asked . 
 `` no , '' tara said , not taking her eyes off max . 
 `` i 'll be fine . 
 you go on . '' 
 `` if you 're sure . '' 
 tara tore her eyes away from max long enough to reassure maddy that she was . 
 after maddy left , tara crossed the room and caught max before he was able to slip out the door . 
 `` max , '' she said , stopping his retreat with her hand on his arm . 
 he smiled , but his eyes remained sad and distant . 
 `` something came up , tara . 
 i 'll need a rain check on tonight . '' 
 tara kept her hand on his arm , not allowing him to withdraw from her . 
 `` i heard about your mother . '' 
 `` then you understand why i 'd rather be alone tonight . '' 
 tara followed her instincts . 
 `` i 'm not going anywhere . '' 
 he gave her a half-hearted smile . 
 `` i appreciate your enthusiasm , but i 'm not up to the night i promised you earlier . '' 
 `` this is not about wanting to have sex with you . '' 
 tara heard a surprised gasp and realized she 'd once again spoken too loudly . 
 the nearest group had apparently heard . 
 the mothers glared at her and gathered their husbands and children closer to them . 
 i sure know how to make a good impression . 
 shake it off . 
 i 'm never going to see them again , anyway . 
 tara lowered her voice . 
 `` i thought you might need a friend . '' 
 `` a friend ? '' 
 max looked down at her doubtfully . 
 `` you do have those , do n't you ? 
 people you care about ? 
 people who stay with you when something goes wrong ? '' 
 `` i find the fewer people i care about , the smoother my life goes . 
 tonight is evidence of that . '' 
 if tara did n't know as much about his family life as she did , she would have thought he sounded like an ass , but she could understand his reaction . 
 as far as families went , he 'd won the jackpot of drama . 
 `` i do n't blame you for feeling that way . '' 
 one of his eyebrows raised in surprise . 
 `` i 'm beginning to understand you . 
 you 're hurting . '' 
 he did n't look pleased . 
 `` you 're wrong . 
 i just heard my mother collapsed at home , and i 'm happy she does n't want to see any of us . 
 happy . 
 it means i do n't have to come up with an excuse not to see her . '' 
 tara looked at the tension in his jaw and did n't care about the bite in his tone . 
 she wrapped her arms around him and hugged him . 
 he stood stiffly in her arms long enough that she began to wonder if she 'd made a mistake . 
 maybe he really did n't want her there . 
 just as she was about to pull away , his arms closed around her , and he buried his face in her hair . 
 they stood there for a long few moments , just holding each other . 
 he kissed her lips tenderly then said , `` i 've changed my mind . 
 you might be just what i need tonight . '' 
 tara kissed him back with a combination of passion and the emotions building within her . 
 he was n't declaring love or even promising to be there in the morning , but his words had moved her . 
 max closed himself off from the world when he was hurting , and even though he claimed not to care about his mother 's episode , it was obvious he did . 
 he wanted to retreat , but he wanted her with him when he did . 
 they broke off their kiss when a woman nearby said , `` at least she 's leaving with a single one . '' 
 the comment brought tara crashing back to the moment . 
 she looked around and felt even more embarrassed that passion had made her momentarily forget what had ended the dinner . 
 she made the mistake of looking across the room at max 's brothers . 
 gio stood in stoic silence with julia , nick had rena in his arms , and luke was off to one side , but all three of the brothers were sadly watching max leave . 
 by the expressions on their faces , tara was certain they wanted to be there for each other , it was as if they did n't know how to be , as if they 'd tried to reach each other before and , having failed , were unsure of how to try again . 
 none of them seemed overly surprised to see tara with max . 
 she warned herself not to read any importance into that . 
 `` we should say goodbye , '' tara said softly . 
 especially since , for me , at least , this really is goodbye . 
 `` i 'm leaving . 
 you do as you please , '' max said harshly . 
 he stepped away from her and finished buttoning his coat . 
 tara looked into his dark-as-night eyes , past the angry indifference , and appealed to the man she believed was hiding within . 
 `` what are you afraid they 'll say , max ? '' 
 `` i 'm not afraid . 
 i 'm done . '' 
 `` i do n't believe you . '' 
 `` i do n't give a shit what you do or do n't believe . '' 
 tara took a deep breath . 
 the more she pushed , the more she risked him walking away from her just as he was prepared to walk away from his brothers , but she could n't help herself . 
 she had to try . 
 `` i do n't believe that either , '' tara said stubbornly . 
 `` look at your brothers . 
 i do n't know what you see , but i see three men who ca n't figure out how to ask you to stay . '' 
 `` they do n't need me any more than i need them . '' 
 he turned away and took a step toward the door . 
 `` now , are you coming ? '' 
 tara stepped in front of him . 
 maddy , look what you 've done to me . 
 i 'm as bad as you . 
 i ca n't let this drop , even if it costs me a night in max 's arms . 
 `` i ca n't sleep with you tonight . '' 
 his cheeks reddened , and his jaw tightened . 
 `` excuse me ? '' 
 tara planted her feet and told herself doing the right thing was worth the risk of killing whatever feelings max had for her . 
 `` i could never sleep with a man i did n't respect . '' 
 with a mixture of desire and anger in his eyes , max rumbled , `` no part of tonight was about respecting each other . '' 
 he stopped and rubbed a hand over his forehead as if fighting a headache . 
 `` i did n't mean that the way it sounded . 
 do yourself a favor , and stay the hell away from me tonight . '' 
 although his comment stung , tara knew he was lashing out because he was afraid , and that made tara even more determined to help him . 
 she told herself it did n't mean she had feelings for him . 
 she 'd never been able to walk away from someone she thought she could help . 
 that was why she 'd originally started tracking unfaithful husbands for her friends , and it was what she enjoyed about her new holmes agency . 
 she helped people in need . 
 and max and his brothers , regardless of how wealthy they were , were clearly falling apart . 
 tara looked max in the eye and spoke from her heart . 
 `` i will , if you promise me something . '' 
 his expression was unreadable . 
 `` and what is that ? '' 
 `` go say goodbye to your brothers . 
 and when you do , really look at gio 's face . 
 he 's tired . 
 he 's sad . 
 i 've spent a lot time with your family lately , max . 
 he 's dealing with more than he 's willing to tell anyone . 
 he needs you . 
 if you can do that and still leave , i wo n't say another word . '' 
 max frowned down at her . 
 `` what else is gio dealing with ? '' 
 tara smiled up at him gently . 
 `` you 'll never know if you walk away . '' 
 max looked over his shoulder at his brother and sighed audibly . 
 `` shit . '' 
 *** max took one of tara 's arms in his hand and pulled her close to him . 
 `` you 're coming with me . '' 
 his comment was completely out of character for him . 
 max was a loner . 
 he 'd built his financial empire without anyone 's help , well ... besides the start-up money he inherited from grandfather stanfield 's trust fund . 
 for as long as he could remember , even in school , he 'd always chosen to fight his own battles . 
 and when it came to weathering his family 's tsunamis of drama , he withdrew from them-alone . 
 tara gave him another sweet smile . 
 max swore and looked away , but he did n't let her arm go . 
 he 'd come back to new york because he 'd wanted to see her . 
 he was still there because , after having her once , all he could think about was having her again . 
 he should have whisked her out of the party as soon as he 'd seen her . 
 despite what he 'd said about being willing to leave without her , he knew he would n't have . 
 even with everything else going on in his life , there was something about tara he could n't resist and did n't want to , not even when she asked him to do the exact opposite of what he knew he should do . 
 as they approached gio , max looked his brother over with a critical eye . 
 gio was thinner , and there were circles beneath his eyes . 
 his fiancee was holding his hand and looking up at him with a worried expression on her face . 
 was it possible tara was right ? 
 was gio upset about more than what was presently going on with their mother ? 
 getting involved was guaranteed to turn out badly . 
 it always did . 
 if there was one thing he could count on with his family , it was that . 
 nothing had changed . 
 or had it ? 
 a year ago , nick would have already been drunk and fighting with gio . 
 instead he was standing beside him with rena still tucked against his side . 
 max expected him to say something sarcastic about his return , but he did n't . 
 he nodded at max in approval . 
 luke , the one who normally acted as peacemaker in their family , was standing off to one side , as silent as the other two . 
 max had told himself his brothers would fare perfectly fine without him that evening , but tara was right-they each looked lost in their own way . 
 not knowing what to say , max went to stand beside luke , dragging tara along with him . 
 together they silently watched as the last of the guests left . 
 julia was the first to break the silence . 
 `` how about i make some coffee ? '' 
 gio leaned down and kissed her forehead . 
 `` i 'd love some . '' 
 rena stepped away from nick and said , `` i 'll help you . '' 
 then she looked across to tara . 
 `` would you like to join us ? '' 
 tara hesitated . 
 she looked up at max with a clear question in her eyes . 
 will you be here when i get back ? 
 max nodded curtly , and tara walked off with the other two women , apparently satisfied with his answer . 
 a long painful silence dragged on . 
 max had told himself he would n't be drawn back into the emotional roller coaster that was his family . 
 he 'd sworn that , after trying to reconcile with his brothers at stephan 's wedding only to come home to the fighting and accusations that had followed , he was finally done . 
 still , when he looked at his brothers through tara 's eyes , he felt that old familiar yearning . 
 it was sad to have three brothers and not feel close to any of them . 
 he thought back to how gio had come to his hotel and said he loved him . 
 max would bet his fortune luke had put him up to it , but he 'd still said it . 
 and why ? 
 so max would attend his family dinner ? 
 all three of his brothers had gone to great lengths to make sure max was here . 
 max notoriously skipped family events . 
 he had n't come home for nick 's engagement party with the andrades . 
 tonight he regretted not being there for nick , but at the time he 'd felt perfectly justified choosing sanity over that gathering . 
 there was n't much he liked about himself when he was around his family . 
 what kind of son does n't want to rush to the sickbed of his mother ? 
 the same kind who cynically wonders if she paid off her doctor to call simply out of spite because gio had n't invited her . 
 patrice stanfield always had an agenda . 
 what was tonight about ? 
 max asked himself how the evening might have ended if their mother had n't collapsed . 
 what had patrice hoped to prevent from happening ? 
 max cleared his throat . 
 without looking at gio , max asked , `` gio , do you have a wedding date ? '' 
 gio shook his head . 
 `` no . '' 
 `` as long as it 's not the same day as nick 's , my schedule is flexible , '' max said , his voice carefully neutral . 
 gio nodded slowly . 
 his eyes misted , but he did n't say anything . 
 nick stepped over and gave max a playful pat on the back . 
 `` i 'm proud of you , little brother . '' 
 `` shut the fuck up , '' max said , but he softened his words with a half-smile . 
 luke interjected , `` does this mean you 've all changed your mind about going to see mother with me ? '' 
 `` no , '' max , nick , and gio said in unison . 
 between gritted teeth gio said , `` i did n't invite her because i did n't want her to ruin tonight . 
 if she actually did collapse again , why would n't she want us to go see her ? 
 why have her doctor call and tell us not to come ? 
 it seems a bit staged to me . '' 
 nick looked across to luke . 
 `` i have to agree with him . 
 did anyone tell her about this dinner ? '' 
 luke made a face . 
 `` maddy , probably . '' 
 gio rubbed one of his temples . 
 `` that 's all it would take . '' 
 luke clearly refused to believe his mother was capable of that level of deception . 
 `` mother may exaggerate her illness to get sympathy , but do you really think she would sabotage tonight ? '' 
 nick grabbed one of luke 's arms and gave it a shake . 
 `` luke , wake up . 
 none of us thinks she 's really all that sick . 
 if she were she 'd let you see her medical records . 
 why wo n't she ? 
 and why wo n't her doctor tell you anything of substance ? 
 what will it take , saint luke , for you to see that mother would go to any length to hurt us when she 's not getting what she wants ? 
 she tried to buy off julia . 
 she threatened rena . 
 i do n't know why she ca n't be happy for any of us , but her pattern is clear . 
 yes , she is very capable of this level of vindictiveness . '' 
 gio added quietly , `` luke , it took me a long time to see mother for who she really is , but i agree with nick . '' 
 luke took a step back and shook his head . 
 `` i ca n't see her that way . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i 'm sure a lot of that was a misunderstanding we can clear up with her later , when she feels better . '' 
 nick looked skyward and raised his hands as if requesting help from above . 
 `` she 's never going to feel better because she 's not really sick . '' 
 luke held firm to his opinion . 
 `` i can neither agree with you nor deny what you 're saying if i ca n't see her . '' 
 nick countered , `` i doubt seeing her would help you . 
 when it comes to mother , luke , you see what you want to see and nothing else . '' 
 `` this is why i hate coming home . 
 nothing ever changes , '' max said , then regretted being that honest . 
 they had had similar conversations a hundred times before . 
 he did n't want to fight that night . 
 all four fell back into a long and heavy silence . 
 nick let out an audible sigh . 
 `` that 's not true . 
 mother did n't win tonight . 
 we 're all still here , max . '' 
 with that the four of them fell back into silence and waited for the women to return . 
 chapter ten tara secured her seatbelt and waited for max to start the car engine . 
 the air inside the car was cold enough she could see her breath , but she was n't going to mention it . 
 they had stayed an hour after the rest of the guests had gone , and she was still trying to figure out what that meant as far as where she and max stood-and how their night would end . 
 max had n't said much to her as they 'd ridden down the elevator to the garage . 
 he and his brothers had seemed to come to a sort of truce , but tara could n't say max was in a good mood . 
 she was n't feeling that jovial herself . 
 tara was still feeling guilty about how easily julia and rena had welcomed her into their group . 
 they had both said how grateful they were to her for convincing max to stay and seemed genuinely happy she was with max . 
 tara did n't have the heart to tell them what she and max had was nothing like the relationships they were both in . 
 it was n't something she enjoyed reminding herself of , but she had to . 
 it would be too easy to forget what max had said the first time she 'd met him . 
 he did n't do relationships . 
 they were n't dating . 
 they were having what brigitte would describe as healthy , consensual , casual sex . 
 no expectations . 
 no promises . 
 wishing things were different did n't change the facts . 
 not when it came to maddy 's family , and not when it came to max . 
 none of this was ever meant to be anything more than temporary . 
 i was supposed to get in , get info , and get paid . 
 and , having failed at that , i was going to give in to my wild side for a night and make some memories to carry me through until i found a real relationship . 
 no wonder brigitte does n't stick around to talk to her leftovers . 
 casual sex sucks when you start caring about the other person . 
 when , no matter what you try to tell yourself , you realize just sex is n't what you want . 
 i ca n't sleep with max again . 
 tara sneaked a long look at max . 
 he was staring straight ahead at the road , shifting the gears forcefully , and looking like he was a million miles away from her in his head . 
 it does n't look like i 'll have to come up with an excuse not to . 
 i 'd say that ship has sailed . 
 he probably ca n't wait to drop me off at my apartment . 
 oh , wait-i should tell him i ca n't go back there . 
 it was only then that tara noted they were n't headed toward murray hill . 
 `` where are we going , max ? '' 
 `` to the airport . '' 
 `` of course , '' tara said automatically , then repeated his answer in her head . 
 `` why ? '' 
 `` i have something i want to show you . '' 
 `` okay , '' tara said slowly while her mind raced with possibilities of what that might be . 
 `` i 'm just going to throw this out there , but most people ask if someone wants to fly away somewhere with them before driving off to the airport . '' 
 he pulled to the side of the street and turned in his seat to look at her . 
 his eyes were burning with an emotion she could n't label . 
 `` do you want me to take you home ? '' 
 tara thought about what was going on in her apartment that evening and shook her head . 
 she could ask max to drop her off at a hotel , but the idea of being alone after everything that had happened was depressing . 
 she could n't figure out max 's mood or if flying her somewhere meant he was still planning a wild night of lovemaking . 
 just the thought of being with him again had tara 's heart thudding wildly in her chest . 
 did n't i just tell myself i could n't do this ? 
 `` what are we doing , max ? '' 
 he ran a hand through his hair . 
 `` i do n't know , '' he said harshly . 
 then he took her face between both of his and kissed her deeply , hotly , until both of them were shaking with need for each other . 
 `` do you want to come with me or not ? '' 
 `` yes , '' tara whispered , keeping the first response that had come to her head to herself . 
 oh , i want to come with you . 
 now . 
 later . 
 as many times as we can manage to make that happen . 
 he turned away , shifted his car roughly , and pulled back into traffic as if nothing had happened . 
 as if he had n't just set her whole world upside down with his kiss . 
 for the first five or so minutes tara told herself the silence between them was exciting , it made him mysterious . 
 then she told herself he needed time to decompress after what was obviously an emotional evening for him , even if he tried to deny it . 
 eventually tara could n't handle the prolonged silence . 
 she said , `` i watched a history show once on how one major difference between the first homo sapiens and the neanderthals was the complexity of the language they used . 
 it seems the ability to articulate thoughts into words is what gave us an advantage and might have played a large role in our survival as a species . '' 
 max glanced at her , his expression still unreadable . 
 `` really ? '' 
 `` yes . 
 to this day , people use words and phrases to express everything from how they feel to ... oh , i do n't know ... give others an idea of where they may be flying off to . '' 
 `` i like that you agreed to go with me without knowing , '' he said . 
 tara laced her fingers on her lap . 
 `` i thought you were all about the chase . '' 
 a hint of a smile curled his lips . 
 `` i like that , too . 
 i have n't found anything about you , tara , i do n't like . 
 that 's never happened to me before . '' 
 is this where i should tell him i 've been lying to everyone in his family , but it 's for a good reason ? 
 he knows maddy . 
 maybe he 'll understand how persuasive she can be when she wants something . 
 how she can talk everybody into doing things they normally would n't do . 
 `` max , there is something i need to tell you . '' 
 max shifted his car roughly again . 
 `` i do n't want to talk tonight , tara . 
 i want to take you somewhere far away from here . 
 i want to spend the whole night losing myself in that delicious body of yours . 
 i want to hear you cry out my name as you come again and again . 
 i do n't want to think about anything else but you and the pleasure we can bring each other . 
 can we do that ? '' 
 he reached out , took her hand and laid it on his thigh , leaving his hand on hers for a moment . 
 `` tara ? '' 
 i 'll probably regret this tomorrow , but ... `` yes . '' 
 tara moved her hand up and down his thigh , loving how the front of his trousers instantly began to strain against his response to her touch . 
 she would have said more , but she 'd temporarily lost her ability to speak . 
 in that moment , there was nothing she wanted to tell him , nothing she wanted to hear him say . 
 she wanted to feel his lips on hers again , feel his hands impatiently removing her clothing to expose more skin for his hot mouth to explore . 
 they did n't speak as they drove , but they did communicate . 
 she moved her hands over him , growing bolder with each caress . 
 he shifted in his seat to allow her better access . 
 she began to stroke him through the material of his trousers , enjoying the length and width of him , and remembering how good he 'd felt inside her . 
 she 'd never felt sexier , and his face was flushed with excitement . 
 tara released her seatbelt and turned in her seat . 
 she kissed his neck and unbuttoned the front of his shirt , running her hands feverishly over his muscular chest and abs . 
 she could n't get enough of him . 
 the feel of him , taste of him . 
 his masculine scent sent shivers down her back as she remembered how he 'd felt as he 'd pounded into her , filling her more completely than she 'd ever experienced . 
 she wanted that again , but also whatever she could have as he drove . 
 she unzipped his pants and pushed the top of his boxer briefs down , freeing his rock-hard shaft . 
 there had been no time the first time they 'd made love to fully appreciate it . 
 if dicks had beauty pageants , his would have won a crown for its circumcised perfection . 
 long and thick . 
 straight and proud . 
 it begged to be worshipped , and tara was more than willing to accept the challenge . 
 she caressed his balls with one hand while supporting herself with her other . 
 she ran her tongue from base to tip and back again . 
 she circled him with her tongue then took an inch of him in her mouth , withdrew , and licked the sides of him again . 
 he sucked in a breath and dug his hand into her hair . 
 tara had never considered herself particularly good at giving a man oral sex , nor had she ever thought it was that wonderful . 
 it was something she did because men liked it , not because she did . 
 she normally thought about her technique while she did it , wondered how long the man would last . 
 sometimes she made a mental to-do list for the next day . 
 it was n't like that with max . 
 there was no thinking . 
 no second-guessing if she was doing it well . 
 she and max connected naturally , each out of their mind with desire for the other . 
 `` i have to shift , '' max said in a strangled voice as he slowed for a stoplight . 
 he put his hand in the space beneath tara and changed gears . 
 as the car came to a stop , momentum threw tara off balance . 
 she pulled back , then half fell forward onto him , taking him more deeply down her throat than she meant to . 
 she gagged once , then gagged again . 
 he pulled her off his lap by the back of her shirt . 
 shocked from how close she 'd come to emptying her stomach on him , she blurted , `` oh , my god , i almost ... i almost - '' humor and desire battled in those heavenly dark eyes . 
 `` i know . '' 
 embarrassed , tara sat back in her seat , redid her seatbelt and closed her eyes . 
 the sound of max zipping up did nothing to make tara feel better . 
 the car jumped forward . 
 tara kept her eyes firmly shut . 
 she was hoping if she did it long enough she could somehow teleport herself somewhere less mortifying . 
 `` tara , '' max said softly , `` we 're at the airport . '' 
 tara opened her eyes slowly . 
 they had stopped near a private plane with a pilot standing beside it , ready to greet them . 
 max was in the process of rebuttoning his shirt and tucking it back into his trousers . 
 tara was trying , unsuccessfully , to erase the last five minutes from her memory . 
 he turned toward her and put a hand beneath her chin , bringing her face around so she had no choice but to meet his eyes . 
 tara 's eyes teared up . 
 `` i 'm sure the women you normally sleep with do n't almost throw up down your pants . '' 
 he looked like he wanted to , but had wisely decided not to , smile . 
 `` that 's true . '' 
 tara tried to look away , but his hold on her chin tightened . 
 `` but none of them matter . 
 i do n't want them , tara . 
 i want you . 
 and i accept the risks involved in that . '' 
 tara shook her head slightly at his joke . 
 `` it 's not funny . '' 
 `` not yet , '' he said softly and kissed her lips . 
 `` trust me , i 'm literally aching to finish what you started , but do n't be embarrassed with me , tara . 
 i want you more than i 've ever wanted another woman . 
 think about that instead of what almost happened . '' 
 desire began to curl through tara again . 
 she smiled . 
 `` okay . 
 but maybe we should wait until we 're not in a moving vehicle before i try that again . '' 
 max kissed her again , chuckling as he did . 
 `` i 'm in full agreement on that one . '' 
 *** the flight to slater island was much more enjoyable than max imagined it would be . 
 the pleasure of being taken deeply into tara 's mouth , along with the near mishap that had followed , had been enough to shake max out of the mood he 'd fallen into after receiving news of his mother 's collapse . 
 tara was unlike any woman he 'd ever dated . 
 she was naturally as funny as she was beautiful . 
 she seemed equally amused by his sense of humor . 
 they held hands and chatted easily for most of the near hour they were in the air . 
 `` do you have any phobias ? '' 
 she asked . 
 `` no , '' he replied . 
 `` you have to have one or two . 
 i do n't like anything suspended in another substance . 
 like fruit in jell-o . 
 it does n't belong in there . 
 it 's the horror film of food . 
 that fruit is just trapped in there , for eternity , suspended in a thick , wiggling substance until someone devours it . '' 
 she cocked her head as she considered something . 
 `` i do n't know if that 's actually a phobia , but i do n't like it . 
 i always think of a phobia as something that stops you from being able to function when you 're near it . 
 i can sit across from a bowl of fruit and jell-o and deal with it , i just do n't like it . '' 
 max chuckled at the image . 
 `` i do n't like frogs . 
 my brothers used to think hiding them in my stuff was funny when we were kids . 
 it never got old to them . 
 i still always put my shoes on slowly because of what they used to hide there . '' 
 `` frogs , huh ? 
 that 's weird . '' 
 `` frogs are weird , but a fear of jell-o is normal ? '' 
 he asked with a smile , raising her hand to his mouth to playfully kiss it . 
 `` frogs are natural . '' 
 `` jell-o is a child 's food . 
 not much could be further from scary . '' 
 `` keep laughing and i 'll put jell-o in your shoes , now that i know that 's how you develop a fear of things . '' 
 max threw back his head and laughed out loud , feeling the stress of the day fall away . 
 `` try it and see what happens . '' 
 an image of her tied to his bed begging him to take her as he teased her mercilessly gave him an instant hard-on . 
 he leaned down and growled in her ear . 
 `` maybe you should . '' 
 she 'd heard and understood the huskiness in his voice . 
 `` are you picturing punishing me for it ? '' 
 `` i am , '' he said , shifting in his seat as his dick continued to strain against his pants . 
 `` but you 'd enjoy it every bit as much as i would . '' 
 tara blushed and looked away , but she smiled as she did . 
 he thought he 'd shocked her into silence , but a moment later she met his eyes and asked , `` so , tell me . '' 
 `` what ? '' 
 `` what you imagined doing that put a smile on your face . '' 
 max could barely think above the pounding of his blood through his veins . 
 he pictured it again , but this time vivid images of how they would please each other flashed relentlessly in his head . 
 `` i would tie you to my bed and take my time learning your body . 
 i 'd bring you to the edge of an orgasm , then deny you a climax , letting the need inside you build and build until you 're begging me to fuck you . '' 
 when her eyes met his they were burning with desire . 
 `` describe how you 'd do it , '' she whispered . 
 max was breathless as if he were free-falling from the plane . 
 each time he thought he knew tara , she showed him another side of herself , and he discovered something new he liked about her . 
 he tried to remain outwardly cool , even while he inwardly became as excited as a teenage boy about to have sex for the first time . 
 sex with other women had become routine . 
 repeated sex with the same woman had never held much appeal to max . 
 it was different with tara . 
 the first time he 'd been with her had left him with a hunger he was sure would not be quickly appeased . 
 he lowered his voice to a near whisper , looked deeply into her eyes , and began to tell her in graphic detail everything he would do to her , every place he wanted to taste , every way he would bring her to orgasm . 
 he stopped only when the pilot announced they should prepare for landing . 
 tara 's mouth was slightly agape , her cheeks were a delicious pink , and her eyes were dilated and excited . 
 they were off the plane , seated in the back of a hired car , still holding hands , when she finally spoke again . 
 `` i need to buy some jell-o . '' 
 max pulled her into his arms . 
 he was both painfully aroused and thoroughly amused . 
 he had no idea what to call the way she made him feel or if such a feeling had any chance of lasting , but he knew he did n't want it to end . 
 `` i 'll buy the rope . '' 
 chapter eleven the realization that max had brought her back to the island where they 'd first met was more than a little romantic to tara . 
 she did n't know what it meant exactly , but it had to mean something . 
 they were on each other as soon as they were inside the main foyer of the home he 'd been considering purchasing the last time they 'd both been there . 
 neither of them spent time admiring the imported marble or the workmanship that was evident in every corner of the home . 
 max tore at tara 's clothing with an urgency that had her panting with excitement . 
 their mouths met feverishly . 
 nothing mattered except removing the barriers between them . 
 tara pulled his shirt free of his pants and ran her hands up his back . 
 she unbuckled his belt and undid the top of his pants while their tongues played a delicious , hot dance . 
 when her hand closed around his freed pulsing cock , her gasp of pleasure mixed with their kiss . 
 his size was something tara would never take for granted . 
 she was wet from just the memory of how deeply he filled her . 
 she ran her hand up and down his shaft , loving how he shuddered with pleasure as she did . 
 he broke off their kiss and pushed down the bodice of her dress . 
 he took one breast into his hot mouth . 
 his teeth closed gently over her nipple while his tongue darted with skill back and forth until there was pleasure as well as an ache sweeping through tara . 
 their passion was rushed and urgent , but his movements were not . 
 he adored her breast until tara thought she could come from that one caress alone . 
 she was trembling with need . 
 when she thought she could take no more , he moved to the other breast and started all over . 
 tara was whimpering and pumping her hand on his cock , hoping she was bringing him even half the pleasure he was bringing her . 
 max slid a hand up one of her thighs , across her stomach , then down into her panties . 
 `` you 're so wet already , baby . '' 
 he dipped a finger between her lower lips and caressed her gently . 
 `` i ca n't get enough of you . '' 
 tara knew exactly how he felt . 
 his touch left her hungrier for him each time . 
 she dropped to her knees before him and took him deeply into her mouth . 
 he dug his hands into her hair and murmured his encouragement . 
 with a confidence that came from her level of excitement as well as the knowledge that her pleasure was equally important to him , she adjusted his pants lower and lovingly caressed his balls while pumping her mouth up and down on him . 
 he looked down at her and the desire in his eyes had tara quivering with need . 
 she loved the sound of his ragged breathing . 
 his moans drove her to experiment with her tongue and hands until she had him wild with passion , and his hands gripped her hair painfully . 
 his loss of control was a turn-on like no other . 
 she brought him to the brink , then pulled back and simply circled his tip with her tongue . 
 he made an animalistic wail and pulled her to her feet . 
 when his hand went beneath her dress this time it was far from gentle . 
 he tore her panties off in one strong move then pulled back as he sheathed himself in a condom . 
 in a heartbeat he was lifting her and turning to position her back against the wall . 
 he thrust his tongue past her parted lips at the same time his cock filled her . 
 tara could n't get enough of him . 
 his taste . 
 his cock . 
 she opened herself to him , ground herself down onto him . 
 he took her roughly against the wall , and tara cried out his name again and again as she came . 
 he did n't join her first climax . 
 instead he slowed his thrusts and held a near sobbing tara as she floated back to earth . 
 he waited until she opened her eyes and looked up at him , and then he began to pump in and out of her again , slowly at first and then with an urgency that sent tara spiraling toward another mind-blowing orgasm . 
 in the aftermath of their climax , he shed his clothing and gently undressed her . 
 `` let 's go to bed , '' he said , lifting her and starting up the stairs toward the bedroom . 
 naked in his arms , tara ran her hand up his bare chest and pulled his face down to hers . 
 they made it only halfway up the stairs before max groaned and lowered her to her feet . 
 he backed her up against the wide railing , his cock already hard again . 
 tara held onto the railing behind her as he lifted one of her legs and placed it on a higher step , opening her legs wide for him . 
 he kissed her from her neck to her ankles and then back up , only to start all over . 
 his tongue followed the hot path his lips had traveled , and tara gave herself over to his expertise . 
 it took them several attempts to make it to the bedroom . 
 when they finally did , they collapsed , laughing in each other 's arms , onto the bed . 
 words were n't necessary . 
 they held each other , enjoying the afterglow of their lovemaking . 
 tara fought against the feeling that she was exactly where she belonged . 
 she snuggled closer to him and drifted off to sleep . 
 when tara woke , max was watching her , his head propped up on one elbow . 
 `` i was n't sure we 'd ever make it here . '' 
 tara laughed softly . 
 `` i 'll never look at those stairs the same way . 
 still , it 's nice this place also has a bed . '' 
 he leaned down and kissed her softly . 
 `` we were lucky the previous owners left furniture . 
 i was n't sure what we 'd find when i called to have the place readied for us . '' 
 `` what does that mean-readied for us ? '' 
 tara asked , rolling up onto her elbow and mirroring his semi-reclined position . 
 she was still buck naked . 
 with anyone else she would have been reaching for a sheet to cover up , but not with max . 
 he had a way of looking her over slowly , appreciating every inch of her , then meeting her eyes with a blatant desire that was its own seductive caress . 
 he tenderly ran one of his hands through her hair , then down her bare back , coming to rest possessively on the curve of her ass . 
 `` fresh sheets mostly . 
 i also had the fridge stocked with some food basics . 
 we can have whatever else we want delivered tomorrow . 
 there was n't much time to prepare . '' 
 tara stroked his chest , loving the strength of him even in a relaxed state . 
 `` it 's sad to think you 're knocking this house down . 
 it 's a beautiful place . '' 
 he caressed her back absently . 
 `` i have n't decided what i 'm doing with it yet . '' 
 tara 's eyebrows flew up in surprise . 
 `` i thought you bought it and the homes around it because you wanted to demolish it and build a resort . '' 
 `` i did . '' 
 `` did you change your mind and only buy this one ? '' 
 `` no , i purchased the original three and one additional one to the north . '' 
 `` you bought four homes ? '' 
 tara could n't help making a mental leap from four homes to four brothers and the stories maddy had told her of how , as children , they had all visited an island off the coast of italy . 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` and now you do n't know if you want to tear them down . '' 
 he nodded . 
 `` that sums it up . '' 
 `` what would you do with them if you kept them ? '' 
 he rolled onto his back and pulled her to his side . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 that 's why i brought you here . 
 i do n't understand what 's stopping me from moving forward on the project . 
 i 've demolished older , grander homes . 
 i do n't even own a house of my own ; i 've never needed one . 
 i definitely do n't need four of them . 
 you 're not invested in this project one way or the other , so tell me what 's here that has me stalling a project i 've poured considerable money into . '' 
 tara traced max 's collarbone as she chose her next words . 
 `` have you considered that this place may remind you of a place you might miss ? '' 
 when max looked at her blankly , tara continued , `` maddy told me you and your brothers used to spend time on isola santos with her family . 
 she said it was a happy time for all of you . '' 
 max 's jaw clenched . 
 `` we have different memories of those summers . '' 
 tara put a hand lightly on one side of his face and moved so she was looking down into his eyes . 
 `` so tell me your version . '' 
 he looked away . 
 `` i do n't talk about my childhood . '' 
 very gently , tara turned his face back toward hers . 
 `` maybe you should . 
 denying something does n't make it go away . 
 sometimes the best way to take the power away from a memory is to talk about it . '' 
 at first tara thought he would n't , his eyes remained guarded and held that sad , angry look she was beginning to attribute to his family . 
 when he started talking , his tone was as impersonal , as if he were telling someone else 's story . 
 `` my father owned isola santos . 
 the island has been in the andrade family for many generations . 
 it has always been passed down from oldest son to oldest son . 
 my father said it was in his name , but belonged to every andrade . 
 i used to believe it , but that was a lie-one of many my father told us . '' 
 tara held her silence , fearing if she said a word she would jolt max back to the present , and he would close the past off from both himself and her . 
 `` we were raised with the knowledge that uncle victor and uncle alessandro had never wanted our father to marry our mother . 
 our mother told us they would never consider any of us good enough for them . 
 whatever they felt for us paled in comparison to the disgust mother felt for that whole side of the family . 
 still , father insisted we spend summers with his family on the island . '' 
 tara 's heart broke for him . 
 `` that could n't have been easy . '' 
 max pressed his lips together in a tense line , then continued in an unemotional tone . 
 `` it was a joke . 
 we 'd visit , pretend to be one close family , then not speak the rest of the year . 
 things changed temporarily when my father passed away . 
 i was still in my teens . 
 my uncles insisted we all go to the island for a summer . 
 of course mother did n't join us . 
 i ca n't explain what was different , but that summer all the walls were down . 
 it felt so real i began to doubt everything my mother had ever said about my uncles . 
 i remember being happy and feeling guilty about it . 
 i should n't have wasted time worrying ; it did n't last anyway . 
 my uncles did something that enraged gio and my mother , and all hell broke loose . 
 once again i was supposed to hate my cousins , like it was a switch i could flip on and off . 
 gio swore uncle victor swindled him out of his inheritance by taking the island and selling it to dominic corisi . 
 back then my cousin , stephan , considered dominic an enemy , but now i see dominic at all of stephan 's family functions so apparently that was n't true either . 
 the island is back in the family . 
 i do n't care how or why . 
 like some afternoon soap opera , gio recently disclosed my father had a whole other family in venice we knew nothing about . 
 seems we have a half-sister who hates us . 
 which is not a surprise-the hating part , anyway . 
 still , her existence was a surprise . 
 i knew my parents did n't have a loving relationship , but i never thought father could betray all of us that way . 
 to top it off , we 're all supposed to love our uncles again because gio says they never wronged him or any of us . 
 in my family , there is no absolute truth . 
 there are layers and layers of lies . 
 gio tries to hide them . 
 nick drank because of them . 
 luke denies them . '' 
 tara 's vision blurred as her eyes filled with tears . 
 `` and you separate yourself from them . '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 not knowing what else to do , tara wrapped her arms around max and hugged him with all her might . 
 `` i wish i knew what to say . '' 
 `` there is nothing to say . 
 nothing can fix what 's wrong with my family . 
 do you know what my mother said to me the last time i saw her ? 
 i had come home because luke wanted us all to celebrate nick doing well at cogent . 
 i stopped by to visit with my mother , and she was in rare form . 
 she said feeling her own mortality was freeing in a sense . 
 she was tired of hiding how she was sickened by my face and the sound of my voice . 
 she said the biggest favor i could do for her was to never visit her again . 
 i always knew she felt differently about me than she did the others , but i never thought she 'd admit it . '' 
 tears fell freely down tara 's cheeks . 
 `` i 'm so sorry , max . 
 i do n't understand how any mother could say that to her son . '' 
 max tightened his arms around tara and kissed her lightly on the forehead . 
 `` do n't cry for me . 
 i do n't feel anything for her anymore . 
 sometimes i wonder if i 've lost the ability to feel anything for anyone . '' 
 tara laid her head on max 's chest . 
 the rapid beat of his heart betrayed his words . 
 he was n't nearly as emotionless as he tried to convince himself he was . 
 as she lay there a slow panic began to build within her . 
 lies had driven him from his family . 
 she could n't keep the truth from him anymore . 
 how would he react to the news she was n't who she 'd told everyone she was ? 
 denying the existence of a problem never made it go away . 
 she 'd seen that a hundred times over in her job . 
 the truth was always best revealed and dealt with . 
 she took a deep breath , sat up , and said , `` max , there 's something i need to tell you . '' 
 he moved back in the bed so he was sitting up against the headboard of it . 
 `` you 're married . '' 
 she smiled without humor . 
 `` no , that would be simple . 
 will you promise to hear the whole story before you react to it ? '' 
 `` worse than being married . 
 now i 'm intrigued . '' 
 tara wrapped a sheet around herself , gathering her courage as she gathered the material . 
 `` i did n't know you and i would ... well , that we 'd do whatever it is we 're doing . 
 i 'm a private investigator and maddy hired me to find out what was stopping you from attending gio 's wedding . 
 she thinks there is one big family secret that keeps tearing you all apart . 
 she wanted me to uncover it . '' 
 `` so , you 're not actually maddy 's friend . '' 
 the man who had opened himself to her moments ago was gone . 
 max 's eyes were cold and guarded . 
 `` i was n't . 
 i am now , sort of . '' 
 tara leaned forward earnestly . 
 `` it 's complicated . '' 
 `` you never went to school with her . 
 she 's not trying to cheer you up after a breakup . 
 that was all lies . '' 
 `` yes , '' tara said . 
 there was so much she wanted to say , but the words jumbled in her head , and she did n't know where to start . 
 max shook his head in cold amusement . 
 `` of course . '' 
 `` after what you said about your family , i did n't want this to be between us . 
 i thought you should know i was working for maddy when i first met you . 
 i 'm not now . 
 i gave her back the money . 
 i could n't help her . '' 
 he nodded slowly as he processed what she 'd said . 
 `` come here . '' 
 tara hesitated . 
 `` you 're not upset ? '' 
 his dark eyes held no emotion at all when he answered , `` why would i be ? 
 you 're nothing to me . '' 
 his words cut tara so deeply she reacted without thinking . 
 she slapped him full across the face . 
 he grabbed her wrist and pulled her forward so she fell across his lap . 
 despite how angry he looked , he was excited by the exchange . 
 tara had to admit she was , too . 
 she told herself she should n't be , but she felt herself getting wet , and her anger fueled her desire . 
 the sheet had fallen away , and his dick came to glorious life between tara 's bare breasts . 
 she wanted to rub herself against it , but instead used her free arm to lift herself away from him . 
 this was n't right . 
 `` i told you the truth because i care about you . '' 
 he took her other hand in his and yanked her up onto him , until her face was close to his , and she was seated astride him . 
 his fully erect cock slid lengthwise between her spread lower lips . 
 `` do n't , tara , because this is all i care about . 
 just this . '' 
 he rolled his hips back and forth so his length stroked her intimately . 
 tara ground her hips downward even as she told herself to stop . 
 he leaned forward and took one of her puckered nipples between his teeth . 
 the gentleness of their earlier lovemaking was gone , but the slight pain sent waves of fire through tara . 
 he kept a rhythm with his hips that drove her wild . 
 he played her body against her , expertly kissing and caressing her breasts until she was beyond caring what he said as long as he did n't stop . 
 he took both her hands and held them in one of his behind her back . 
 he dug his other hand into the hair on the back of her neck and pulled her mouth to his . 
 it was a rough kiss , one that was meant to prove something , but it affected him as much as it did her . 
 when tara sensed that , she gave herself over to the experience and opened her mouth wider for him . 
 he was angry , but so was she , and this was as good a way as any to work through it . 
 tara lifted herself up on her knees , positioned herself perfectly , then gasped into max 's mouth as she thrust herself downward onto him , taking him deeply inside her . 
 he released her hands and shuddered . 
 whatever control he 'd had fell away . 
 he continued to kiss her deeply as she rode him with an abandon that had them both moaning and feverishly running their hands over each other . 
 they rolled so he was on top . 
 he rose onto his knees , put his hand on her knees and spread her folded legs wider as he pounded into her . 
 tara gripped the sheets beside her head as wave after wave of heat flowed through her . 
 still , he did n't stop . 
 this was not tender lovemaking ; it was a carnal fucking . 
 he glared down at her . 
 she glared up at him . 
 he demanded she submit . 
 she did so with pleasure . 
 he took what was his with a wildness that brought tara to a second climax . 
 she cried out his name , clawing her nails into his forearms as she did . 
 he came with a final thrust and shudder . 
 their eyes met as , still intimately connected , they both caught their breath . 
 the anger of a moment before was gone . 
 he looked down at her sadly as if he wanted to say something , but he did n't . 
 he pulled out of her and rolled away for a moment . 
 tara lay on the bed , flushed and dazed . 
 max sat on the edge of the bed with his back to her . 
 she forced herself up and shifted closer to him until she was kneeling behind him . 
 following her instincts , she laid a splayed hand on his bare back . 
 he tensed beneath her touch . 
 quietly , tara found her words . 
 `` i will never lie to you again , max . 
 never . '' 
 he shook his head without looking at her . 
 `` it does n't matter . '' 
 tara shifted closer to him until she was pressed against his back . 
 she pressed a cheek against his back and wrapped her arms around him . 
 `` yes , it does . 
 it 's okay to be angry with me , but i never meant to hurt you . '' 
 he covered his face with his hands . 
 he let out a long sigh and said , `` i am angry with you . 
 i wanted you to be different . '' 
 tara raised her head . 
 `` it was a job , max , and it was one that was supposed to help your family . '' 
 he cleared his throat . 
 `` did i hurt you ? '' 
 tara hugged him tighter . 
 `` what do you think ? '' 
 he laid a hand on the one she had on his chest . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 i never lose control like that . '' 
 `` i hurt you , max , and maybe you wanted to hurt me , but you did n't . 
 you could n't . 
 you 're not that type of person . '' 
 `` and you know so much about me because ? '' 
 `` because maddy showed me a picture of you when she asked me to take the job . 
 you 're why i agreed to do it . 
 something in your eyes touched me . 
 i wanted to know what had made you so sad . '' 
 he tensed beneath her touch again . 
 `` i 'm not sad . '' 
 she kissed his back . 
 `` yes , you are . 
 and you have reason to be . 
 but what are you going to do ? 
 go back to pretending you do n't care ? 
 were you happy doing that ? 
 i have a theory why you do n't want to tear down this house , max . 
 four houses . 
 four brothers . 
 you can deny it all you want , but you want to work things out with your brothers . 
 you think somehow this island could be your chance to do that . '' 
 max stood without looking at her and walked out of the room . 
 when he returned he was showered and dressed . 
 he put a pile of her clothing on a chair near the door . 
 `` i called for a taxi to take you to the airport . 
 you have thirty minutes before it arrives . '' 
 tara stood up , not bothering to cover herself and went to stand in front of him . 
 she studied his proud and carefully emotionless face and said , `` okay . 
 i 'll go . 
 but just so we 're both clear , i 'm more honest than you are . 
 maybe i did lie to you , but i came clean , and i 'm not ashamed of what i did or why i did it . 
 you are so afraid someone else might let you down you ca n't even be honest with yourself . '' 
 when he did n't say anything tara shook her head and picked up her clothing . 
 she turned away from him without saying another word . 
 it was only once she was beneath the hot spray of the shower that she let herself cry . 
 i 'm an awful private investigator . 
 and now i know i also suck at casual sex . 
 how can something that feels so good leave me feeling this bad ? 
 it 's not like i love max . 
 i 'm not that stupid . 
 *** max paced the large foyer of the house . 
 tara was n't who she 'd said she was . 
 hell , he probably should have asked her if her real name was actually tara . 
 just like everyone else in his life , she was n't who she appeared to be . 
 he supposed it was better he found out early . 
 he frowned as he remembered in painful detail how he and tara had ripped each other 's clothing off and made love in the alcove beside the stairs . 
 and on the stairs . 
 and against that railing . 
 it may have been a mistake to trust her , but that mistake had been more enjoyable than even he would have predicted . 
 sex with tara was better than anything he 'd ever experienced . 
 hot , eager sex . 
 tender morning lovemaking or angry fucking . 
 it did n't matter . 
 it all left him wanting more . 
 if all she made him feel was that , he would n't be sending her away . 
 tara also had the most annoying habit of getting under his skin and making him uncomfortable with choices he 'd previously been perfectly fine with . 
 of course he fucking wanted a normal family , who did n't ? 
 unlike in business , when it came to family , wanting something was not enough to fucking make it possible . 
 tara was no one to him . 
 he did n't have to prove anything to her . 
 he definitely did n't need to keep her around now that she 'd revealed the reason she was with him in the first place . 
 a private detective ? 
 i would have known that if i 'd done a background check on her the day i found out her last name . 
 but no , i believed she was maddy 's friend . 
 what a fucking joke . 
 she said she was n't married . 
 she said the man in her apartment was not her boyfriend . 
 she 'd lied about many things ; those could also be lies . 
 i do n't fucking care because she 's gone as soon as her car arrives . 
 he turned when he heard tara walking down the main staircase . 
 she was freshly showered , back in the gown from the night before , and her cheeks were pink . 
 her face was void of makeup . 
 her eyes looked puffy as if she 'd been crying , but she carried herself proudly and met his eyes without shame . 
 she was easily the most beautiful woman he 'd ever seen . 
 and he 'd never felt like more of an ass . 
 `` i told you i do n't do relationships , '' he said and could n't believe the words had come out of his mouth . 
 `` you did , '' she said simply , and walked past him to look out the window for the car . 
 he went to stand beside her . 
 `` i never lied to you . '' 
 she shrugged and continued to look out the window . 
 fight it as he did , he could n't deny how much he wanted to turn her around , pull her into his arms , and kiss her until they found a way past this . 
 he did n't , though . 
 instead , he muttered , `` i have nothing to feel sorry about . '' 
 she turned back toward him , her eyes flashing with temper . 
 `` you think i want an apology from you ? 
 please spare me . 
 i 'm not angry with you . 
 i 'm angry with me . 
 you are the same man i met in this very foyer and told myself to forget about . 
 you 're right . 
 you told me who you were and what you wanted . 
 i am the one who made up an entirely different and completely fictional version of you . '' 
 she waved her hands sarcastically in the air . 
 `` i absolve you of all wrongdoing . 
 are you happy now ? '' 
 `` no , '' he growled and grabbed one of her arms . 
 `` i 'm not happy with any of this . '' 
 she leaned in and growled right back at him , `` good , at least you 're willing to admit that much . '' 
 `` i do n't want you here , '' he said angrily . 
 `` then let go of my arm , '' tara snapped back . 
 `` but i do n't want you to leave , '' he said just as curtly . 
 he tightened his grip on her arm . 
 `` then ask me to stay , '' she said , her tone still angry . 
 a horn blared in the driveway announcing the arrival of the car he 'd called to take her to the airport . 
 he and tara stood in a silent standoff , their ragged breathing the only sound in the large foyer . 
 outside the car blared its horn again . 
 `` is your name actually tara ? '' 
 he asked softly . 
 `` yes . 
 almost everything i said to you was true . 
 the only part that was a lie was how i met maddy and why i was spending so much time with her . '' 
 `` dyson ? '' 
 `` he 's brigitte 's ... whatever . 
 if last night went how dyson hoped , they 're having breakfast together right now . '' 
 `` i wo n't make you any promises . '' 
 tara said , `` do you know what i do for a living ? 
 normally , i mean ? 
 i follow unfaithful men around and provide photographic proof of their infidelity to their wives . 
 i probably would n't believe any vows if you made them . '' 
 max frowned . 
 he did n't like her answer . 
 he did n't know what he wanted her to say , but he knew that was n't it . 
 he needed to somehow get back in control of the conversation . 
 `` we 'll keep things casual . '' 
 for a moment he thought she was n't pleased with that idea , but she said , `` casual . 
 perfect . 
 we both do what we want when we want and do n't worry about what either of us are doing when we 're not together . '' 
 max liked that comment even less . 
 `` you 're not sleeping with anyone else while you 're with me . '' 
 tara put a hand on one hip and cocked her head to the side . 
 `` casual means you do n't have a say in what i do , or who i do , when i 'm not with you . '' 
 max glared down at tara . 
 she glared up at him . 
 he could n't take it anymore ; he picked her up and started carrying her back up the stairs to the bedroom . 
 she wrinkled her nose at him , her eyes warming as the same need that had overtaken him began to spread through her . 
 `` the car is going to leave . '' 
 `` good , '' he said , breathing in the heavenly scent of her hair and imagining how it would feel on his thigh as those luscious lips of hers closed around his cock . 
 she wrapped her arms around his neck and whispered , `` is this your way of asking me to stay ? '' 
 he grinned down at her . 
 `` no , i 'll ask by licking that pussy of yours until you come in my mouth . '' 
 she hid her face in his neck , but he saw her blush and smile as she did . 
 `` that works for me . '' 
 they spent the rest of the day making love and napping in each other 's arms . 
 chapter twelve the next day tara sat across from max at one of the island 's restaurants . 
 the waitress had just cleared their plates and left the bill . 
 tara and max had initially snacked on what was in the kitchen , but it was n't enough . 
 sex marathons made a person hungry . 
 eventually they 'd donned the clothing max had ordered for them and ventured out : simple jeans and sweaters , along with coats , hats , and gloves necessitated by the cold winter breeze . 
 max reached out and took tara 's hand in his , raising it to his lips . 
 their eyes met , and it did n't matter who they were or what they 'd argued about the day before . 
 for a moment they were simply two people who had intimately explored every inch of each other and , rather than being sated , wanted more . 
 the bond between them was as exciting as it was scary . 
 tara could have gladly spent eternity looking into max 's eyes . 
 this is how forever is supposed to feel , tara thought , then reprimanded herself . 
 but it 's not forever . 
 this could last a day more . 
 or a week . 
 do n't forget that . 
 no matter how this feels . 
 this is n't love . 
 *** `` what would you like to do now ? '' 
 max asked as he laid his credit card down by the bill . 
 `` i think we 've seen the whole island . '' 
 they had just finished a driving tour of the area after strolling hand in hand through the downtown . 
 many of the shops were seasonal and closed , but enough were open to make it interesting . 
 not that tara cared where they were . 
 a sexy grin spread across his face . 
 `` not quite . 
 we did n't find the hardware store . '' 
 tara leaned across the table and gave him a saucy smile . 
 `` if i do let you tie me up one day , it will not be with the type of rope you 'd buy in a hardware store . 
 do you know how much that would chafe ? '' 
 the waitress smiled , cleared her throat loudly behind tara , and retrieved the bill and card . 
 `` i 'll be right back with this . '' 
 tara 's cheeks heated , and max threw his head back and laughed . 
 tara leaned forward and swatted max on the shoulder . 
 `` you are trouble , do you know that ? 
 i used to have the reputation of being the good girl in the crowd . 
 now look at me . 
 i said something just as bad in front of half of your family . 
 i ca n't even imagine what they think of me . '' 
 max 's expression sobered . 
 `` they like you . 
 they told me at gio 's dinner . '' 
 tara did n't know how to interpret that . 
 `` is that a bad thing ? '' 
 max took her hand in his again . 
 `` i have a question for you . '' 
 `` ask me anything . '' 
 max nodded at the waitress . 
 `` have you noticed how friendly people are on this island ? 
 they know who i am . 
 they know what my plans are for the land i bought and how it will most likely change this place . 
 why do n't they hate me ? '' 
 tara let his question sink in . 
 she was beginning to understand if max asked such a question , it meant he had been thinking about it for a while . 
 the answer was important to him . 
 `` i do n't know the answer to that , but i know who does . '' 
 the waitress returned with max 's card . 
 before she walked away , tara said , `` excuse me . 
 marla , right ? '' 
 `` yes , '' the woman answered . 
 marla looked about tara 's age . 
 tara hoped that gave them enough in common that she 'd be frank with them . 
 `` could you help me with something ? 
 my friend here bought property on this island - '' `` we all know who mr. andrade is . '' 
 tara chewed her bottom lip for a moment , then pushed forward . 
 `` that 's the point . 
 if you all know who he is , why is everyone so nice to him ? 
 do people like the idea of a resort coming here ? '' 
 `` hell no , '' marla said and folded her arms at her waist , just above her apron . 
 she looked back and forth between tara and max , directing her answer to both of them . 
 `` but we 've done all the talking about it we 're going to do . 
 we tried to block the sale . 
 we fought the permits . 
 mr. andrade 's army of lawyers won on both counts . 
 the resort is going to happen regardless of what we do , but we ca n't let it change who we are . 
 my family has been on this island for four generations . 
 we 're not seasonal visitors here . 
 this is our home . 
 and our neighbors feel the same way . 
 we stick together . 
 mother nature throws more at us than mr. andrade and his resort ever could . 
 we survive by relying on each other . 
 we 're a community . 
 no resort will change that . '' 
 `` what would you say if i told you mr. andrade is considering keeping the homes as they are and using them for a family retreat ? '' 
 tara ignored the look max sent her . 
 marla 's eyebrows rose in surprise . 
 `` i 'd say i 'll believe it only if i see it . '' 
 sending tara a warning glare , max said , `` my plans have n't changed . '' 
 with a final quizzical look at both max and tara , marla said , `` that 's a shame , mr. andrade . 
 we 're not an easy community to break into , but those who do are part of something bigger than themselves . 
 that 's what a community is : family and friends , taking care of one another . '' 
 max looked away coldly . 
 tara sent the waitress an apologetic look . 
 alone again , max turned back to tara and asked , `` that could n't have sounded more staged . 
 ` part of something bigger than themselves ' ? 
 what a load of shit . '' 
 tara stood and started to put her winter coat back on . 
 `` you 're an ass . '' 
 max moved to stand beside her . 
 `` and you 're naive . 
 if you want to know why anyone does anything , figure out what they 'll gain by doing it . 
 people put their own interests first . 
 every time . '' 
 tara crammed her hat back on and stuffed her hands back into her gloves . 
 his comment sent a wave of cold panic through her . 
 no matter how good she felt while with him , they were like a speeding train headed toward a wreck . 
 max had never pretended to be anything but what he was . 
 that was suddenly painfully clear to tara . 
 she would have no one to blame but herself when he eventually walked away and broke her heart . 
 `` it 's sad you 're so jaded by your past you ca n't see good in anyone . 
 i do n't feel sorry for you , max . 
 you have a life most people would kill for and more money than any man should have . 
 instead of doing something important with it , you build hotels to hide in and lament everything life did n't give you . 
 that 's no way to live . 
 take a risk for once , max , a real one and believe in something . 
 anything . '' 
 without waiting for him , tara walked out of the restaurant . 
 max stood there for a moment watching tara leave , then ran out the door after her . 
 he caught up to her across the street from the restaurant . 
 `` tara , '' he grabbed her arm , bringing her retreat to a halt . 
 she turned back toward him , anger flashing in her eyes . 
 `` what are we doing , max ? 
 what is this ? '' 
 `` come back inside . '' 
 he did n't know what else to say . 
 she shook her head . 
 the wind blew one long tendril of her hair across her face . 
 he reached out to tuck it back in , but she pulled back from him and did it herself . 
 `` i ca n't do this anymore . 
 being with you has been wonderful , but you hurt me when you said i was nothing to you . 
 i know you were angry at the time . 
 and i 've been telling myself you did n't mean it , but maybe you did . 
 it 's not fair to you to keep hoping you 're better than you sound , and it 's not good to be with a man who does n't value me . 
 i 'm a good person . 
 i deserve to be with someone who believes i 'm the center of his universe . 
 i 'm sorry . 
 i thought i could settle for less than that , but i ca n't . '' 
 she was slipping away from him . 
 he could see it , but he did n't know how to stop it . 
 `` i do n't handle ultimatums well . '' 
 she laid her hand on his . 
 `` it 's not an ultimatum . 
 it 's goodbye . '' 
 she pulled his hand off her arm and let it drop . 
 years of closing himself off from his feelings kept his voice cool and dismissive as he said , `` then goodbye . '' 
 she spun on her heel and strode several feet away before halting . 
 she turned back , walked up to him , and said , `` you 're better than this , max . 
 i 've seen it . 
 i 'm just sorry you believe in yourself as little as you do in everyone else . '' 
 she turned away again and this time did n't stop . 
 he watched her hire a taxi and get into the backseat-all without looking back at him once . 
 the chill of the winter air drove max back into the restaurant to get his coat , but the cold he felt was n't only from the weather . 
 he told himself he was glad she was gone . 
 he returned to the main house half convinced she 'd return and apologize . 
 she did n't . 
 he called the island airport . 
 she had flown back to the mainland shortly after leaving him at the restaurant . 
 she was probably halfway to new york already . 
 tara 's words had stung . 
 what did she mean , he was better than this ? 
 better than what ? 
 he could buy and sell the whole damn island without making a dent in his finances . 
 he was a powerful man . 
 a respected man . 
 what part of that was n't good enough for tara ? 
 he regretted lashing out at her when she 'd informed him that she , too , had lied to him . 
 if he could go back in time , he would n't have said the words she had thrown back at him . 
 he was n't a cruel man . 
 it had never been his intention to hurt her . 
 the more he thought about it , the more max decided tara 's leaving was for the best . 
 she was obviously looking for more than he was willing to give . 
 that would have brought an ugly and swift conclusion to their relationship regardless of when they realized it . 
 max called for a car to drive him to the airport and had his pilot ready his plane . 
 it was already dark , but he did n't want to spend another minute on the island . 
 as he stepped into the back of the hired car , he took one last look at the row of palatial homes dimly illuminated by the light of the moon and shook his head in disgust . 
 he called dale as soon as he was on the way to the airport and told him to move forward with the resort project . 
 `` start the demolition phase asap . '' 
 the decision did n't improve his mood . 
 nor did his pilot , who rushed over to meet him at the car and explained he was concerned about the plane 's engine and wanted to have it double-checked . 
 `` i can have it looked at in the morning . 
 the shop is closed tonight . 
 it might be nothing , but i 'd rather be sure . 
 would you be okay with staying until then ? '' 
 normally max would have been . 
 when someone traveled as much as max did there were bound to be glitches , even when money was no issue . 
 however , it was late , and he was tired . 
 he snapped , `` would i be here at the airport if i wanted to stay on the island another night ? '' 
 `` i 'll make a few calls . 
 maybe there 's a plane we can hire here , or i can have one sent over from the mainland . '' 
 `` do what you need to do , but get me off this damn island tonight . '' 
 `` yes , sir . '' 
 his pilot headed inside the main building of the small airport . 
 max thought he was alone , but the driver spoke beside him . 
 `` my mother lives next to one of the guys who maintains the planes here . 
 i can have her run over to see if he can come back . '' 
 although it was a helpful suggestion , max still asked , `` would n't it be easier to call him ? '' 
 the driver shrugged a shoulder . 
 he was in his early twenties , and max wondered if he still lived with his mother . 
 `` nah , he turns his phone off at night . 
 leo has a new baby , and his wife is really touchy about anyone waking it up . 
 if you walk over there real quietly , though , sometimes she does n't mind . 
 he 's the best mechanic we have on the island . 
 kenny 's good , too , but at this hour he 's probably at the bar , and he 's not as good after three drinks . 
 he 'll say he is , but i would n't bet my life on it . 
 i 'll call my mom . 
 she wo n't mind . '' 
 his pilot returned and said , `` there 's nothing here that can go out tonight . 
 i called a place on the mainland , and they 're calling around to find a pilot . 
 we should be able to find something . '' 
 `` yes , we should , '' max said in frustration . 
 he looked back at the driver . 
 `` what 's your name again ? '' 
 `` michael , but the locals call me waffle . '' 
 `` waffle ? 
 like the food ? '' 
 `` yeah , like the food . 
 you get it ? '' 
 michael said again with slow emphasis and pride . 
 max rubbed a hand over his eyes . 
 he did n't , and he could n't believe he was going to actually say it , but he did n't have much choice : `` i 'd appreciate it , waffle , if you 'd call your mother and ask her to see if leo 's awake . '' 
 `` will do , '' waffle said and stepped away to call his mother . 
 max 's pilot opened his mouth to ask something , but max raised a hand to silence him . 
 `` do n't ask , but if leo does show up , have him look at the engine . 
 i 'll be inside getting a coffee . '' 
 waffle fell into step beside max . 
 `` mom says there 's a light on over there , so it looks promising . '' 
 max looked at the smile on the younger man 's face and sighed . 
 `` i 'm getting coffee . 
 you want to join me ? '' 
 `` thanks , '' waffle said . 
 `` i love dropping off people at the airport because it has the only twenty-four-hour restaurant . 
 and do you know what they serve ? '' 
 `` waffles ? '' 
 max asked dryly . 
 the young man grinned from ear to ear . 
 `` you get me . 
 that 's so cool . '' 
 his phone rang . 
 he answered it , said thank you , and hung up . 
 `` leo 's on his way over . 
 looks like you 'll be flying out tonight . 
 if anyone can figure out what 's wrong with your plane and fix it , it 's him . '' 
 he pocketed his phone . 
 `` oh , and mom 's sending you a piece of pie . 
 she 's on a baking binge . 
 gets like this every winter . 
 i swear she 's the reason everyone on the island is five pounds heavier come spring . '' 
 `` you mother makes pie for everyone on the island ? '' 
 `` not all at once , '' waffle said , as if max had said something ridiculous . 
 `` she doles out slices as people need them . 
 like you . 
 tonight . 
 she figures you 're stuck here . 
 you 're probably not happy about it . 
 pie makes everybody smile . '' 
 `` you 're serious ? '' 
 max asked at the door of the airport restaurant . 
 `` pie and waffles . 
 two things no one should live without , '' waffle joked and walked through the door max held open . 
 `` can you excuse me for a minute ? '' 
 max asked . 
 `` sure , '' waffle said cheerfully . 
 `` i 'll grab us a booth . '' 
 max walked out of the restaurant , away from prying ears , and called his assistant again . 
 `` dale , hold off on moving forward on the resort . 
 do n't knock down anything yet . '' 
 `` i just sent out an email telling everyone to start shipping equipment there tomorrow , but i can email everyone again and tell them to hold off . '' 
 `` do it . '' 
 `` are you okay , mr. andrade ? 
 i 've never seen you like this before . '' 
 `` they make pie here , dale . 
 and they bring it to you when you 're sad . 
 fucking pie . '' 
 `` is it some sort of contaminated pie that would make for bad press for the island and therefore the resort ? '' 
 `` no , it 's homemade by a mother who makes the whole island fat by spring . '' 
 `` i do n't know what you want me to say , mr. andrade . '' 
 max rubbed his forehead in frustration . 
 `` just cancel the demolition team . 
 i 'll talk to you tomorrow . '' 
 he walked back into the airport restaurant feeling oddly hopeful and thoroughly miserable at the same time . 
 chapter thirteen a week later , in her own off-the-rack clothing with her hair tied back in a simple ponytail , tara sat in her office at new holmes , frustrated that she did n't feel more enthusiastic about having returned to find two new clients who were anxious to hire her . 
 she wanted to step right back into the life she 'd had before maddy had pulled her into the andrade world . 
 before max . 
 there was no denying , though , that documenting proof of men betraying the women in their lives was now depressing . 
 i may have to take on some positive investigative jobs . 
 help someone find a lost dog . 
 anything but what i 'm doing now . 
 what is wrong with me ? 
 i used to like this job . 
 she did n't like the answer that came to her . 
 although she 'd caught a boyfriend cheating on her , her feelings for him had barely scratched the surface of what she was capable of feeling for a man . 
 the emotional fallout from his betrayal had been minimal because she had n't actually loved him . 
 whereas walking away from max had left her raw and vulnerable . 
 not that i love max . 
 i do n't . 
 i ca n't . 
 loving him would be a monumental mistake and ridiculous , since i barely know him . 
 we have chemistry . 
 that 's all . 
 tara laid her head down on her desk . 
 it 's a good thing he let me leave . 
 i was beginning to get delusional . 
 i falsely lent significance to everything he said , every touch of his hand . 
 he told me it was n't there , but i saw what i wanted to see . 
 heard what i wanted to hear . 
 broke my own damn heart . 
 tara would have closed her office for the day and gone home , but being with dyson and brigitte lately was equally painful . 
 dyson had all but moved in . 
 he must have knocked her panties off with some amazing sex because brigitte claimed to be ready to try monogamy . 
 the two of them walked around with silly smiles on their faces , sneaking not-so-subtle caresses when they thought tara was n't watching . 
 tara was happy for them . 
 well , she was trying to be , anyway . 
 maybe i could live in this office . 
 i do n't need an apartment . 
 i wo n't be able to afford one soon , anyway , if i do n't get off my ass and call one of these clients back . 
 it 's nice to dream about changing my life , but i should make sure i can pay next month 's rent first . 
 she thought about the fifty thousand dollars she 'd walked away from . 
 i should have kept it . 
 technically i worked for it . 
 but no , i had to feel guilty about everything . 
 it did n't seem right to be paid when i could n't complete the job . 
 what did all that integrity get me ? 
 nothing . 
 i should tell brigitte to stay at dyson 's place instead of ours , but i ca n't do that when they look so happy . 
 i should tell maddy to stop calling me , but she seems to actually care how i 'm doing in the aftermath of breaking it off with max . 
 it 'd be like kicking a puppy . 
 no wonder i failed at being a real private investigator . 
 i 'm a softie , a sucker . 
 i deserve to live in this office . 
 `` i hate to interrupt what looks like a busy day at new holmes . '' 
 no . 
 please , no . 
 tara raised her head off her desk and looked into the amused emerald eyes of alethea niarchos . 
 `` i was just about to ... '' tara 's voice trailed off when it was obvious that alethea was n't going to believe whatever excuse she came up with . 
 `` what can i do for you ? '' 
 perfectly dressed in a cream silk blouse and tan trousers , alethea took the seat in front of tara 's desk . 
 `` before we talk , could you hand me your phone ? '' 
 `` my phone ? '' 
 `` yes , your cell phone . 
 i need it for a minute . '' 
 reluctantly , tara handed her phone across to the redhead . 
 `` is yours not working ? '' 
 alethea plugged a wire into tara 's phone and said , `` your phone has spyware on it . 
 you really should sweep it once a week . 
 anyone could be listening to anything you say on it . 
 it can even be used as a listening device . '' 
 she pulled the wire out . 
 `` there , it 's clean . '' 
 she turned it over , and took the battery out of the back , and handed the phone back to tara . 
 `` you ca n't be too careful . '' 
 tara looked down at her phone , then back at alethea . 
 `` my phone had spyware ? 
 why would anyone bug my phone ? 
 and how would you know they had ? '' 
 alethea smoothed the knees of her trousers as she crossed her legs . 
 her smile was shamelessly unrepentant . 
 `` i needed to know if you were everything you said you were . '' 
 `` you bugged my phone ? '' 
 rolling her eyes impatiently , alethea said , `` can we get past this and on to the reason i 'm here ? '' 
 tara stood . 
 `` no . 
 i ca n't believe you did that . 
 how did you do it ? 
 when ? '' 
 `` it was pathetically easy . 
 you left your purse unattended at gio 's dinner . 
 you have a lot to learn about going undercover . '' 
 tara walked out from behind her desk and started pacing her office . 
 `` so , what does this mean ? 
 you 've been eavesdropping on my phone conversations since the dinner ? '' 
 another though struck her and tara 's mouth dropped open . 
 `` did you also use it as a listening device ? '' 
 `` do n't worry , i digitally recorded everything and fast-forwarded through the x-rated parts of your life . 
 which , i might add , there was an impressive amount . '' 
 `` oh , my god , '' tara said , covering her face with her hands . 
 forcing herself to face her nemesis again , tara sank into the chair next to alethea . 
 `` so , what happens now ? 
 are you blackmailing me with it ? 
 because i have nothing . 
 the only people you 'll hurt by exposing what i did are the people you claim to care about . '' 
 one red eyebrow rose . 
 `` i 'm not here to hurt you , tara . 
 i like you . 
 i deleted the recordings . 
 they 're gone . '' 
 `` you like me ? '' 
 alethea nodded . 
 `` this is you liking someone ? '' 
 a small smile curled one side of alethea 's painted lips . 
 `` oh , honey , you do n't want to know what i would have been capable of if i had discovered your intentions were less than honorable . '' 
 she tapped her nails on the arm of the chair . 
 `` but that does n't matter , because you 're exactly who you said you were . 
 i could n't find any evidence you are anything but a nice person who likes to help people . 
 i admire that . 
 i wish you and max had worked out . 
 he needs someone like you in his life . 
 i know you 're sad about how it ended . 
 if you need someone to talk to ... '' tara sat there for a moment , trying to wrap her mind around what alethea had told her . 
 `` i am not talking to you about max . 
 you and i are not friends . '' 
 alethea pursed her lips . 
 `` we could be . '' 
 `` no , we ca n't be . 
 you 've insulted me , manipulated me , and if that were n't enough , you violated my privacy . '' 
 tara gripped the arm of her chair . 
 `` i do n't want to be your friend . 
 i want to slap you . '' 
 alethea made a face . 
 `` i get that a lot , but let 's move on , shall we ? 
 there is actually a very important reason why i 'm here today . '' 
 `` not yet . '' 
 tara took several deep breaths . 
 `` you owe me an apology . '' 
 `` i 'm sorry , '' alethea said impatiently . 
 `` a sincere one . '' 
 both of alethea 's eyebrows rose . 
 `` i 'm sorry if you were offended , but i will always do whatever is necessary to protect those i love . '' 
 `` that 's not technically an apology either . 
 let me help you . 
 repeat after me : tara , i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to offend you . 
 i should n't have bugged your phone . 
 it wo n't happen again . '' 
 alethea threw back her head and laughed out loud . 
 `` we need to get you and max back together , because you would fit perfectly into our group . 
 i can see why both maddy and julia adore you . '' 
 `` this is n't getting anywhere , '' tara said , rubbing a hand across her eyes . 
 `` why are you here ? '' 
 suddenly serious , alethea reached down into her bag and pulled out a flash drive . 
 she handed it to tara . 
 `` you were right about cogent . 
 gio is being blackmailed by someone in his own company . 
 he does n't know who it is , but the blackmailer 's name is in this file , proving his guilt . 
 this situation will need to be dealt with delicately . 
 i do n't believe he is working alone . 
 money went missing when gio first took over the company , and it 's happening again . 
 gio covered it up the first time and is doing it again now . 
 it 's not going to look good for him if this is exposed . 
 he 's creating a messy trail of false documents . 
 someone needs to get in there and clean house . '' 
 tara looked at the flash drive on her open palm . 
 `` do n't you think you should be the one to bring this to gio ? '' 
 alethea shook her head . 
 `` hell no . 
 if i do , i have to admit how i came across that information . 
 i promised i would n't hack into anyone 's company servers anymore . 
 i 'll never hear the end of this if i admit to being involved . 
 you can do this . 
 all you have to do is get gio out of his office and alone . 
 tell him you are a private detective hired by maddy , and you came across his problem during your investigation . '' 
 she took a card out of her bag and handed it to tara . 
 `` tell him you know a woman who can make evidence disappear . 
 he does n't need to know it 's me . 
 i 'll use a trusted third party . 
 we 'll remove anything that could incriminate him , then we 'll go after this blackmailer . '' 
 `` i do n't know , '' tara said slowly . 
 `` i 've never done anything like this before . '' 
 `` yes , you have , '' alethea said with confidence . 
 `` you take bad news and sell it to people as a chance to start over all the time at new holmes . 
 this is no different . 
 only instead of photos of some jackass cheating on his wife , you 're going to help save a man 's business . 
 you can do this . 
 we can do this together . '' 
 tara closed her hand over the flash drive . 
 she cocked her head to the side and looked at alethea with fresh eyes . 
 `` are you really that afraid people will be angry with you for helping gio ? '' 
 there was no humor , no sarcasm , in alethea 's eyes . 
 `` yes , i am . 
 i 'm happier than i 've ever been . 
 the people i love finally trust me . 
 i do n't want to disappoint them again . '' 
 `` but you 'd be helping someone they care about . '' 
 alethea shrugged sadly . 
 `` marc says it 's not the result people ca n't forgive me for , it 's how i achieve it . '' 
 she smiled as if a memory amused her . 
 `` he says i have boundary issues . '' 
 `` you think ? '' 
 tara said , reluctantly finding humor in at least this part of alethea 's visit . 
 she placed the flash drive on her desk . 
 `` i 'll take this to gio . 
 i 'll tell him what you said . 
 and i wo n't tell him about you . '' 
 alethea stood and gathered her bag . 
 `` i know you wo n't . 
 i trust you , and that says a lot . '' 
 tara walked with alethea to her office door . 
 `` you 're not as bad as i thought you were , alethea . '' 
 she looked around her office . 
 `` hey , you do n't have anything else bugged , do you ? '' 
 alethea laughed and walked out the door . 
 `` i 'm serious , '' tara called after her . 
 tara went to her desk and took out a sticky note . 
 she wrote : research spyware and how to detect it , then she plopped back into her swivel chair . 
 looks like i 'm going to see gio . 
 that 's not going to help me forget about max . 
 max was back in the city he 'd told himself a week ago he would n't step foot in anytime soon . 
 this time he was downtown in a part of neighborhood he 'd never had reason to visit before . 
 it was n't a particularly dangerous area , but it was n't where businesses that made much money had offices . 
 it was , however , where he was told he 'd find the new holmes agency . 
 and tara . 
 max had spent the earlier part of the week telling himself he did n't care if he ever saw her again . 
 he 'd flown out to meet dale and gone through the motions of evaluating possible alternative sites for his next hotel . 
 midweek , he 'd flown to vegas , hoping the entertainment and companionship out there would put him in a better mood . 
 it had n't . 
 none of the women , not even the ones he 'd been with previously , piqued his interest in the slightest . 
 there was only one woman he wanted , and he had n't even tried to convince her to stay . 
 he was n't proud of how he 'd treated her or how accurately she 'd called him out on his shortcomings . 
 he was used to assessing himself in terms of his achievements and not by the amount of emotion or trust he was willing to invest in anyone . 
 he 'd never thought of himself as a negative person , and in business he was n't , but now he saw he was in his personal life . 
 he could blame it on the way he was raised . 
 he could cite how many countless ways he 'd been punished for caring , but tara was right-how he lived his life today was his choice . 
 the memory of how hurt tara had looked when he 'd told her she was nothing to him haunted him . 
 in that moment , he 'd been as hateful as his mother , and it was n't a comparison he was proud of . 
 when he looked at himself through tara 's eyes , he did n't like what he saw . 
 as much as he wanted to see her again , he also needed to apologize . 
 he could n't sleep at night , remembering she 'd said he was better than the man he 'd shown her . 
 he needed a second chance to prove he was . 
 he had just stepped inside the building when he saw her lock the door to her office and step away from it . 
 `` tara . '' 
 she turned slowly in the dim hallway . 
 `` max ? '' 
 he closed the distance between them in a few long strides . 
 `` i 'm glad i caught you . '' 
 she looked down at something in her hand and stuffed it into her purse . 
 `` i was just heading out . '' 
 he took his time looking her over . 
 she was every bit as beautiful in jeans and a loose shirt as she 'd been in the expensive clothing he 'd always seen her in . 
 `` we need to talk . '' 
 she looked like she considered it for a moment then shook her head . 
 `` i ca n't right now . 
 i have somewhere i need to go . '' 
 she gave him a sad smile and moved to step around him . 
 `` you 're welcome to call me later . '' 
 he blocked her path . 
 `` where are you going ? '' 
 a funny expression filled her eyes . 
 she looked like she was inwardly debating something important . 
 `` do you care ? 
 and i do n't mean are you curious . 
 i mean , if i told you i was about to do something important , would you allow yourself to get involved even it could potentially be dangerous ? 
 or would you rather not know ? '' 
 `` what are you talking about , tara ? '' 
 he demanded . 
 `` what are you involved in ? '' 
 `` answer the question first . 
 because i promised i would n't lie to you again , so that only leaves me with two options : i can either tell you the truth or tell you nothing . 
 do n't ask me for the truth if you do n't want to get involved . '' 
 a thousand possible scenarios rushed through his head-everything from her being wanted by the police to her being pregnant with another man 's baby . 
 none of them was enough to make him walk away . 
 `` whatever trouble you 're in , tell me . 
 we 'll figure it out . '' 
 `` i 'm not the one who 's in trouble . '' 
 she looked up and down the hallway to make sure they were alone . 
 `` we should go back into my office for a minute . 
 no one else can hear what i 'm about to say . '' 
 he followed her into her office . 
 he was fairly confident she was overdramatizing what was likely a small issue that could easily be resolved-at least by someone with his financial resources . 
 if helping one of her friends would prove to her he cared about her , then he was prepared to do just that . 
 his eyes lingered on her jean-clad ass , and his thoughts flew back to the weekend they 'd shared on the island . 
 there was a slim chance she wanted to be alone in her office with him for all the same reasons he would want to be , but when she glanced over her shoulder at him , she looked nervous instead of excited . 
 he 'd help her first , then he 'd coax her back into his bed . 
 once inside her office , she asked him for his phone then proceeded to remove the battery and place it on her desk . 
 he could n't help but smile at how seriously she took her private investigator role . 
 it was adorable . 
 she told him to sit . 
 he did . 
 she reached into her purse and took out a flash drive . 
 `` do you remember i told you something was bothering gio ? 
 well , i figured it out . 
 your brother is being blackmailed , and he needs the information on this drive to stop the man who is doing it . '' 
 she took out a business card that only had a phone number on it and handed it to max . 
 `` and this woman is willing to help him remove every shred of evidence the blackmailer could use against him . 
 we have to get this to him but in a way that no one knows what we did . 
 the blackmailer ca n't find out we know . 
 first we remove the evidence . 
 then we go after the blackmailer . '' 
 max was glad he was sitting because he felt like the floor dropped out from beneath him . 
 `` you 're serious ? '' 
 `` very . '' 
 `` evidence of what ? 
 what are you suggesting gio is guilty of ? '' 
 `` trying to cover up the fact that someone has been embezzling money from cogent . '' 
 `` that 's a serious accusation . '' 
 `` it 's not an accusation . 
 it 's a felony . 
 one we need to make sure no one else can prove he was involved in . '' 
 `` if any of this were true , how did you find out about it ? '' 
 tara sat down in the chair next to max . 
 `` i ca n't reveal my sources . '' 
 max stood and started pacing . 
 `` ca n't reveal your sources ? 
 what is that ? 
 you expect me to believe this wild story without knowing how you even came up with it ? '' 
 tara turned her earnest dark brown eyes on him . 
 `` yes , i do . 
 i expect you to trust me . '' 
 `` how do i know what 's on that drive ? '' 
 `` because i told you what 's there . '' 
 max thought about the countless times he 'd trusted something his family said only to find out they 'd lied . 
 tara had admitted to lying to him while working for madison . 
 he looked into her eyes and asked himself if he could trust her . 
 on the island she 'd told him he needed to believe in something-anything . 
 could she be that something ? 
 `` where were you headed when i walked in ? '' 
 `` to give this to gio . '' 
 `` let 's go then . 
 he 's probably still at his office . '' 
 max did n't know if he 'd regret the decision , but he followed his instincts and picked up his phone . 
 he almost replaced his battery , but looked at her first . 
 `` is there a reason i ca n't use my phone ? '' 
 tara walked past him and opened her office door . 
 `` someone might be listening in . 
 you should have your phone checked for spyware . '' 
 he looked down at his phone and then at the very serious expression on her face . 
 he put his phone , still disassembled , into his coat pocket . 
 `` i can honestly say i 've never thought of that . '' 
 `` me , either , before today , '' tara said , locking her office door again . 
 `` but , trust me , it happens more than you 'd think . '' 
 chapter fourteen a few hours later tara 's head was spinning from the turn of events . 
 just as she and max had discussed during the drive over to cogent , they had walked into the building holding hands , pretending to be a couple . 
 it was a good cover , even if tara painfully wished it were true . 
 they met with gio and said they 'd love to have dinner with julia and him that night-at his place , if it worked for both of them . 
 gio had spoken to julia briefly , then beamed a smile at them . 
 gio was so happy about max being there and wanting to visit with him that tara had n't been able to look him in the eye . 
 she exchanged a meaningful look with max . 
 he 'd nodded . 
 they both felt awful in the face of gio 's enthusiasm . 
 tara reminded herself he might be disappointed to hear why they wanted to meet with him , but eventually he 'd be grateful for the information . 
 as tara took her seat at gio and julia 's dining room table , she looked at max , who was taking the seat beside her . 
 it still felt unreal to have him at her side , helping her break the news to gio . 
 tara was half waiting to hear her alarm clock go off and realize all of this-from alethea 's visit to max 's show of support-was nothing but a dream . 
 she gulped the first glass of wine gio poured for her to prove to herself it was n't . 
 once they were all seated , tara said , `` cell phones are so great , are n't they ? 
 i carry mine wherever i go . 
 do you have yours with you , gio ? '' 
 gio gave her an odd look then shook his head . 
 `` julia has a rule about cell phones not coming to the dinner table . 
 i leave mine in my coat . '' 
 tara swallowed hard . 
 `` sounds like a good rule . '' 
 max did n't say anything , but tara guessed he knew why she did n't want gio to have his phone on him . 
 `` gio , tara and i have something we need to talk to you about . '' 
 tara and i. tara met max 's eyes and smiled . 
 she wondered if he knew how much that simple statement meant to her . 
 gio put his glass of wine down and said , `` it 's fast , but i 'm happy for you . '' 
 a huge smile spread across julia 's face , and she clapped her hands . 
 `` are you engaged ? '' 
 `` no , '' tara and max said emphatically at the same time . 
 gio frowned . 
 `` pregnant ? '' 
 `` no , '' they both said in unison again , then looked at each other and smiled . 
 julia put a hand on gio 's arm and said softly , `` maybe we should let them tell us . '' 
 tara reached into her purse and took out the flash drive , along with the card . 
 she laid them on the table near her plate of food . 
 she did n't know where to start . 
 max took her hand in his . 
 he looked across the table at gio and said , `` we know what 's going on at cogent . 
 tara believes she has information that can help you resolve the situation . '' 
 tara shot max a grateful smile . 
 `` i do . 
 it 's on this flash drive . 
 and if you call this number i 'm confident the person you speak to will know how to make the rest of it go away . '' 
 julia 's mouth fell open . 
 `` make what go away ? 
 gio , what are they talking about ? 
 you said there was n't a problem . '' 
 gio looked down at his worried fiancee . 
 `` i ca n't involve you in this , julia . 
 the less you know , the better . '' 
 julia put her hand on gio 's cheek . 
 `` we 're a team , gio . 
 you do n't have to protect me . 
 in fact , i 'd rather you did n't . 
 i do n't care what you did . 
 i know you . 
 you 're a good man . 
 you would n't have done it if you did n't have a really good reason to . 
 so , if you 're in trouble , we 're both in trouble . 
 let me in , gio . '' 
 gio turned his face and kissed julia 's hand . 
 `` i 'm being blackmailed . '' 
 he outlined essentially what alethea had told tara , except his version came with the rationale for why he 'd done it . 
 when he 'd first taken over his father 's company he 'd thought his father had been the one siphoning money out of the company and had covered it up by falsifying documents and pouring his trust fund into the company . 
 recently money was disappearing again , and his people could n't figure out how . 
 tara pushed the flash drive across the table to gio . 
 `` your answers are on there . '' 
 gio picked up the drive and frowned . 
 `` who are you , tara ? 
 you 're obviously not just maddy 's friend . '' 
 `` maddy hired me to uncover what she thought was a big secret that was keeping you and your brothers from reconciling . '' 
 gio 's voice rose and he sat forward . 
 `` maddy knows ? '' 
 tara hastened to reassure him . 
 `` no . 
 she knows nothing about this . '' 
 `` thank god , '' gio said , and relaxed back into his seat . 
 max shook his head as he processed the scene before him . 
 `` so , this is all true . 
 why did n't you come to me , gio ? 
 i would have - '' max stopped , slammed his hand on the table in front of him , and said , `` it does n't matter what i would or would n't have done . 
 i 'm here now . 
 we 're going to make this go away , and we 're going to do it together . '' 
 tara had to blink several times to stop tears from spilling over . 
 this was the man she 'd told herself was hiding beneath his supposed indifference . 
 she wanted to tell him she was proud of him , but he and gio were already walking toward the other end of the apartment . 
 max paused before walking out of the living room and turned back to look at tara . 
 there was a question in his eyes . 
 she nodded . 
 she 'd wait for him . 
 he was where he needed to be , doing what needed to be done . 
 she 'd wait an eternity for a man like that . 
 julia moved to sit beside tara . 
 her eyes were round with worry , but she had a tentative smile on her face . 
 `` you were really here only because you were working for maddy ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 `` so , no long friendship with her ? 
 no breakup you needed cheering up after ? '' 
 tara found it difficult to meet julia 's eyes , but she forced herself to . 
 `` that was my cover story . '' 
 `` and max ? '' 
 tara shrugged sadly . 
 `` i do n't know . 
 does any relationship work out when it starts with a lie ? '' 
 julia moved closer . 
 `` i do n't care how we met , tara . 
 thank you for helping us . '' 
 tara folded and unfolded the cloth napkin on her lap . 
 `` i 'm merely the messenger . '' 
 `` i doubt that , '' julia said gently . 
 `` i told you i was worried , and you came back with a solution . 
 that 's not a messenger , that 's a friend . '' 
 nick and rena arrived a few minutes later . 
 they spoke to gio first , then rena joined tara and julia . 
 nick walked off with gio and max . 
 rena greeted julia with a hug and sat across from tara-not saying anything , just studying her . 
 finally she asked , `` you 're really a private investigator ? '' 
 `` yes , '' tara said with a sigh . 
 she had a feeling she would be having that conversation several more times that evening . 
 julia brought rena a cup of coffee . 
 rena accepted it without taking her eyes off tara . 
 `` who are you working with ? 
 besides maddy . 
 gio said there are files on that drive no one could access unless they 'd hacked into his server . '' 
 `` i ca n't disclose my source . '' 
 `` you 'll have to . 
 you ca n't give someone sensitive information like that and not expect them to demand to know how you got it , '' rena said . 
 tara squared her shoulders . 
 `` it does n't matter who demands what . 
 i made a promise , and i take those seriously . '' 
 julia intervened , `` rena , stop grilling tara , she 's on our side . '' 
 rena frowned . 
 `` i hope so . '' 
 *** in gio 's office , max , gio , and nick were seated around a laptop . 
 max had originally been surprised when gio had called nick and told him to come over , but it quickly became apparent their relationship had changed since they 'd been working together . 
 there was a mutual respect between them max had n't thought possible . 
 gio had made a few phone calls after quickly viewing some of the documents on the drive . 
 everything that could be verified without revealing the reason for an inquiry checked out . 
 paul morriseau had started working in the finance department of cogent before monies had gone missing the first time . 
 he had access to the computers that would have allowed him to mark bills paid that were still outstanding . 
 gio 's team had looked into paul already and dismissed him as being involved . 
 his team had missed one very incriminating fact-paul had several sizeable offshore bank accounts . 
 the largest deposits into those accounts had been during the time money had first gone missing and then right about the same time money started to disappear again . 
 he was definitely siphoning money out of cogent . 
 he had to be the blackmailer . 
 max held up the card tara had given him , the one with only a phone number on it . 
 `` who do you think this is ? '' 
 nick sat back and crossed his legs . 
 `` someone went to a lot of trouble to help you uncover paul . 
 what did tara say they would do if you called them ? '' 
 gio rubbed his temples . 
 `` she said they 'd make it all go away . '' 
 nick made a face . 
 `` am i the only one who is concerned by what that means ? '' 
 max handed the card to gio . 
 `` it has to be one of your friends . 
 who do you know with the kind of hacking skills to handle something this complex ? '' 
 gio turned the card over in his hand and studied it . 
 `` stephan , maybe . 
 but why would n't he want us to know it 's him ? '' 
 `` did tara say anything about where she got this flash drive ? '' 
 gio asked max for the second time that night . 
 max answered calmly , `` nothing more than i 've already told you . 
 she wo n't disclose her source . '' 
 `` i 'm not willing to accept that , '' nick said firmly . 
 `` you 're welcome to ask her yourself , '' max said and stood . 
 `` but do it while i 'm there and do it respectfully . '' 
 nick waved a hand in the direction of the door . 
 `` tara could be working with anyone on this . 
 how do we know if she 's telling us the truth or that this is n't another setup ? 
 we have to consider the possibility that the person who is offering to help us may have an agenda of their own . '' 
 `` tara would n't be involved in anything like that . '' 
 nick countered , `` did n't you just tell me she lied about who she was ? 
 how do we know she 's not lying about more ? '' 
 `` she 's not , '' max said , his jaw tightening as his frustration grew . 
 `` and you know that because ? '' 
 nick looked at max then shook his head in disbelief . 
 `` just because you 're sleeping with her does n't mean we can trust her . '' 
 trust did n't come easily to max . 
 part of him wavered in the face of nick 's cynicism . 
 not just cogent was riding on how this all played out . 
 if gio 's actions were exposed , he could go to prison for what he 'd done . 
 was max willing to put that amount of faith in tara ? 
 max took a deep breath and did something he 'd never done : he trusted his heart . 
 tara was a good person . 
 max did n't believe in much , but he believed that . 
 `` i trust her , '' max said simply . 
 gio looked at max for a long moment , then nodded . 
 `` okay , so , assuming tara is exactly who she says she is , she did n't know any of us before maddy contacted her . 
 that means she would have made this contact through her or one of us . 
 who have we seen her with ? '' 
 max thought back to the night of gio 's dinner . 
 `` i did see her speaking with dominic corisi 's security , but they were n't getting along . 
 i ca n't imagine they 'd be working together . '' 
 gio paced the length of the room . 
 `` stephan used a hacker to help me locate julia once . 
 it was someone he knew through dominic . 
 i 'll call him . 
 what i do n't understand is why anyone would offer to resolve all of this for us , but would n't want us to know who they were . '' 
 nick shrugged . 
 `` they do n't want to go to jail with us ? '' 
 max walked to the door of the office . 
 `` i 'll get tara . 
 hopefully she can tell us that much . '' 
 ilovedpg chapter fifteen tara 's stomach was churning as she watched max walk across the apartment toward them . 
 she could n't read his mood by the expression on his face , but she hoped alethea had given him and his brothers what they needed . 
 tara stood and met him halfway . 
 `` so ? '' 
 `` there are a lot of files on that drive , but it looks like your friend nailed the blackmailer . 
 everything is there . '' 
 tara searched max 's face . 
 `` that 's good news , right ? '' 
 max took one of tara 's hands between both of his . 
 `` we ca n't use the number you gave us without knowing who you 're working with . '' 
 tara kept her eyes on max 's chest instead of his face when she answered . 
 `` i promised i would n't say . '' 
 `` this is really important , tara . '' 
 tara nodded without looking up . 
 `` so is my word , and i gave it . '' 
 max held a hand beneath tara 's chin and raised her face until she was forced to meet his eyes . 
 `` will you at least tell me why the person does n't want to reveal themselves ? '' 
 tara chewed her bottom lip for a moment , choosing her next words with care . 
 `` she thinks people will resent how she found the information more than they will appreciate what she found . '' 
 `` are you serious ? 
 this could keep my brother out of jail . 
 it could save his company . 
 why would she think any of us would resent that ? '' 
 he had an `` aha '' moment and answered his own question . 
 `` because she hacked cogent . '' 
 he looked down at tara , and she could see the wheels turning in his head . 
 `` someone like that could make evidence disappear . 
 can we trust her ? '' 
 `` she said she 'd do anything to protect the people she cares about . 
 so , yes , i think you can . '' 
 gio came out of his office flanked by nick . 
 `` i called stephan . 
 two minutes after that dominic corisi contacted me . 
 i know who gave you this . '' 
 gio held up the card in front of tara . 
 max stood beside tara . 
 he looked like he was preparing to defend tara against whatever gio had uncovered . 
 tara 's heart melted , and she squeezed his hand tightly in hers . 
 together they waited for gio to finish . 
 `` i did n't tell dominic much , just that i was having issues and had received a mysterious offer of assistance . 
 dominic said this is exactly how he 'd expect alethea niarchos to operate . 
 she works with hackers . '' 
 gio lowered his voice . 
 `` he also said we 'd be fools if we did n't accept her offer for help . 
 she 's never wrong . '' 
 with her heart thudding loudly in her chest , tara said , `` i promised alethea i would n't say where i got the information . 
 please do n't tell anyone else . '' 
 julia and rena joined the group . 
 julia asked , `` do n't tell anyone else what ? '' 
 tara covered her eyes . 
 max put a hand of support on her lower back . 
 `` how good tara is at her job . '' 
 julia looked to gio , clearly not believing that answer . 
 he shifted uncomfortably beneath her scrutiny . 
 tara turned to julia and rena and said , `` please do n't ask . 
 they say if you whisper a secret to the wind , you ca n't fault the wind for whispering it to the trees . 
 your family got what they needed tonight ; can we stop now before we hurt the person who gave it to them ? '' 
 julia seemed to accept tara 's heartfelt plea . 
 rena joined nick . 
 `` is everything okay ? '' 
 his kissed her lightly . 
 `` it looks that way . 
 it sure looks that way . '' 
 then he looked across at tara . 
 `` and it 's all thanks to tara . '' 
 max pulled her to his side and said softly into her ear , `` will a day go by when you do n't completely amaze me , tara ? '' 
 tara smiled up at him . 
 `` i hope not . '' 
 despite her smile , knowing how the evening would likely end left tara with a host of conflicting emotions . 
 it would be so easy to fall right back into max 's arms , but was that where she belonged ? 
 she wanted more . 
 watching julia with gio and rena with nick , tara did n't want to settle for less . 
 she knew she 'd have to say something to max . 
 he might see it as another ultimatum . 
 she could lose him again . 
 was n't some max better than none ? 
 not if it slowly breaks my heart . 
 i do n't want to jump back into something casual with him . 
 i told him i would n't lie to him again . 
 i have to be honest about what i want . 
 honesty . 
 is it worth the risk ? 
 *** once gio and nick had chosen the next steps they 'd take to resolve the problems at cogent , max made his excuses and whisked tara out of there . 
 he cared about the family business and his brothers , but there was something else eating at him that needed to be addressed . 
 he rehearsed what he wanted to say while he and tara rode down the elevator to the car garage . 
 he tweaked it in his head while helping her into his car . 
 he started the car but left it in park . 
 `` thank you for what you did tonight for my family . '' 
 tara clasped her hands on her lap . 
 `` you 're welcome . '' 
 he gripped the steering wheel with both hands . 
 `` i should have stopped you from leaving slater island . '' 
 `` maybe . 
 or maybe we both needed time to think about what we were doing . '' 
 `` i never meant to hurt you . '' 
 `` i know . '' 
 he closed his eyes for a moment , then turned in his seat so he was facing her . 
 `` i almost sent you flowers , but considering you had n't been impressed with the gift of a car , i did n't . '' 
 he took one of her hands in his . 
 `` you saw the worst of me the day you told me you 'd been working for maddy . 
 i saw the worst of me . 
 i 'm not proud of what i said . 
 i was angry . '' 
 tara met his eyes cautiously , and he wanted more than anything else to see her smile . 
 `` it 's okay , max . '' 
 he touched the side of her face lightly with the back of one of his hands . 
 `` no , it 's not . 
 tell me what i need to do to show you i did n't mean what i said that day . '' 
 the expression in tara 's eyes softened and warmed . 
 `` you already did it . 
 tonight . 
 you believed me , even when it would have been easier not to . 
 and you stood by me when i needed you to . 
 that meant a lot to me . '' 
 `` come home with me , tara . 
 i want to spend the whole night making love to you . '' 
 of all the responses he expected , the sad shake of her head took him off guard . 
 `` what 's wrong ? '' 
 she waved a hand nervously in the air . 
 `` nothing . 
 everything . 
 i want to say yes . 
 trust me , i want to say yes . 
 but we jumped into bed before even going on a real date . 
 is it any wonder we fell apart so quickly ? '' 
 `` what are you saying ? '' 
 `` i 'm saying i thought i was a modern woman . 
 i told myself i could handle casual sex . 
 i ca n't . 
 i want to go to the movies , argue over which restaurant to eat at . 
 i want to get to know someone and be with someone who wants to get to know me . 
 not just in bed . 
 i know how corny all of this sounds , but being with you woke me up to what 's important . 
 i do n't want to spend all my time tracking down unfaithful men . 
 that job left me with very low expectations of what was possible . 
 i want to believe in people again . 
 and if that means i have to start fresh , i will . 
 does that sound crazy ? '' 
 was she looking for a commitment ? 
 they 'd known each other only a short time . 
 he had feelings for her , but the idea of labeling them left him scrambling for a response . 
 he started the car . 
 `` am i driving to your place ? '' 
 `` yes . '' 
 every time max thought he knew what he was going to say , it did n't sound right , and he stopped himself . 
 they made it all the way to the front of her apartment building without speaking . 
 he released his seat belt , leaned over , and kissed her . 
 that slight touch was enough to have them in each other 's arms . 
 he kissed her with all the need that had built up over the past week . 
 she kissed him back with every bit as much passion . 
 they could n't get close enough , their hands were wildly grasping at each other 's clothing . 
 tara broke the kiss off . 
 she pushed him back with a hand flat on his shoulder . 
 `` i 'm sorry . 
 i did n't mean to do that . '' 
 `` i 'm not , '' max said . 
 `` i 'm not sorry at all . 
 i 've never wanted any woman as much as i want you . '' 
 still breathing heavily , tara said , `` if this is all we have , is it enough ? '' 
 he almost said yes , but he knew the answer she hoped for was no . 
 without thinking , he said honestly , `` i do n't know what to say . '' 
 she gave him a funny little smile and opened the passenger door of her car . 
 `` call me when you figure it out . '' 
 chapter sixteen the next morning , dressed in lounge pants and an old t-shirt , tara shuffled out of her bed to the bathroom , then off to the kitchen without stopping to look in the mirror . 
 she needed a cup of coffee before she faced the day . 
 dyson was at the stove , bare-chested as usual , making breakfast . 
 his presence was n't a surprise , but brigitte happily sitting at the kitchen table watching him still took some getting used to . 
 `` morning , '' tara said grumpily , sliding into a chair across from an already perfectly made-up brigitte , wearing silk pajamas that bordered on being obscene and would have been on anyone with a less beautiful body . 
 if brigitte walked around naked , tara doubted many would complain . 
 she was simply that beautiful . 
 dyson handed tara a cup of coffee . 
 `` rough night ? '' 
 `` no , '' tara answered automatically , `` why do you ask ? '' 
 brigitte arched an eyebrow and asked gently , `` sweetie , do you own a hairbrush ? '' 
 tara reached up and tried to flatten her wayward hair . 
 `` sorry , not everyone can roll out of bed with their makeup still in place . '' 
 not at all offended , brigitte laughed softly . 
 `` dyson , feed her-fast . 
 she gets grumpy when she 's hungry . '' 
 dyson walked over and filled half of tara 's plate with scrambled eggs . 
 `` should we tell her now or give her time to wake up ? '' 
 tara sat up straighter . 
 `` tell me what ? '' 
 brigitte stood up and went to stand beside dyson . 
 they were beautiful together , like a ken and barbie set . 
 `` we 're taking it to the next step . 
 dyson asked me to move in with him , and i said yes . '' 
 tara swayed on her seat . 
 `` that 's fast . '' 
 dyson wrapped an arm around brigitte 's waist and kissed her cheek . 
 `` not really . 
 i 've been waiting a year for her . '' 
 brigitte looked up at dyson with an expression tara had n't seen on her face before . 
 brigitte was in love . 
 `` i thought i would feel trapped , but i do n't . 
 i feel freer than i ever did on my own . 
 dyson did n't make me choose , he waited until i saw no one else mattered . 
 is n't it funny ? 
 you think you know who you are , then you wake up one morning and realize you want something you never imagined you would . 
 then everything changes . '' 
 dyson kissed brigitte warmly , wrapped both arms around her , and looked over her head at tara . 
 `` you wo n't have to move , tara . 
 we 'll cover brigitte 's part of the rent for as long as you want to live here . '' 
 tara forced a smile . 
 `` you do n't have to do that . 
 i 'll figure out something . '' 
 brigitte walked over and gently smoothed tara 's wild hair out of her face . 
 `` we want to . 
 i do n't usually get on with other women , but you 're like family , tara . '' 
 dyson ruffled tara 's hair back into a mess . 
 `` the little sister i never had . '' 
 tara raised both hands and laughed . 
 `` i love you both , but you need to stop touching me . 
 get a puppy or something . '' 
 brigitte looked up at dyson . 
 `` i 've never had a dog . 
 what do you think ? '' 
 dyson smiled at her , and tara had never seen him look happier . 
 `` i can see you with a tiny , white maltese . '' 
 a glow spread across brigitte 's face . 
 `` i 'll name her tarafina . '' 
 tara burst out laughing . 
 `` after me ? 
 seriously ? '' 
 brigitte pouted beautifully . 
 `` tara , you know i 'm going to miss you . 
 it 'll be like having a little piece of you still with us , only dyson and i wo n't have to worry she will be shocked if she walks in on us while we 're showering . '' 
 `` most people close the bathroom door . 
 just saying , '' tara defended , but she was still laughing . 
 she would miss both of them more than she wanted to admit . 
 the intercom buzzer sounded . 
 dyson walked over to the intercom near the door and answered it . 
 he looked back and called out , `` tara ! 
 it 's your boyfriend . '' 
 `` i do n't have a - '' tara froze in panic . 
 `` max ? '' 
 `` i buzzed him up . '' 
 dyson gave her a smile that told her he knew exactly what he was doing . 
 tara jumped off the chair . 
 `` you buzzed him ? 
 oh , my god , he 's coming up . '' 
 she looked across at brigitte for help . 
 `` how fantastic to finally get to meet your max . '' 
 brigitte looked as happy as dyson did . 
 how did neither of them get that tara needed an hour , maybe more , before she 'd be ready to see him ? 
 `` you have to stall him . 
 i need - '' tara stopped , imagined how her scantily clad roommate and her lover would stall max , and halted before leaving the room . 
 she waved a finger at brigitte . 
 `` you , go put a robe on . '' 
 then at dyson . 
 `` and you , do n't throw him out before i get back . '' 
 dyson opened the door . 
 `` too late , he 's already here . '' 
 he was . 
 looking every bit as delicious as tara remembered , max stepped through the open door . 
 he shook hands with dyson , then walked over to brigitte . 
 tara held her breath . 
 she 'd seen many otherwise calm and collected men reduced to tongue-tied puddles of adoration at brigitte 's feet . 
 max held out his hand and introduced himself to brigitte as if she were conservatively dressed and much , much less attractive . 
 he said it was nice to meet her or something along those lines . 
 tara was n't listening ; she was holding her breath and waiting . 
 with nothing more than a polite nod of his head , max turned and walked to where tara was standing . 
 he had an oddly determined expression in his eyes . 
 he took her face between both his hands and kissed her soundly . 
 he kissed her until tara forgot they were n't alone in the room , until her knees buckled , and she was clinging to his shoulders for support . 
 then he raised his head and said , `` you want to date , tara ? 
 let 's date . 
 i 'll take you to every goddamned movie theater , every romantic restaurant ; i 'll even break out my old ice skates and spin you around at rockefeller center . 
 anything you want , but i 'm not leaving here without you . '' 
 between gulping breaths , tara tried to sort through the wave of emotions flooding her . 
 `` what changed since last night ? '' 
 he gathered her to him and tipped her face up to his . 
 `` everything . 
 i went back to my hotel room without you and realized the only thing stopping you from being there with me ... was me . 
 i thought about what you said . 
 i would n't describe anything between us as casual . 
 i want to take you to my bed every night . 
 i want to wake up and see you smiling down at me . 
 you said we do n't know each other well . 
 so , show me your world . 
 and come see mine . 
 but do n't ask me to take it slowly with you , because you 're all i can think about . '' 
 in the background , dyson said , `` oh , he 's smooth . '' 
 `` if she says no , do n't let him leave until after i talk to her , '' brigitte said in a loud stage whisper . 
 tara chuckled nervously , then she looked up into max 's dark eyes , completely awed that she could inspire the burning desire she saw there . 
 `` i need a shower before we go anywhere . '' 
 `` sounds like the perfect way to start our day together , '' max breathed into her ear . 
 he picked her up and started carrying her toward the bathroom . 
 `` close the door , '' dyson called out . 
 `` or leave it open , '' brigitte said with a laugh . 
 `` both ways are fun . '' 
 chapter seventeen a month later tara and max were holding hands in an elevator on the way up to gio and julia 's apartment . 
 `` tell me again why we 're all dressed up , '' tara said playfully . 
 max was up to something , and one thing that max was n't was subtle . 
 `` gio and julia invited us over for dinner , '' max said with a smirk on his face . 
 tara narrowed her eyes at him playfully . 
 `` no different than last week or the week before . 
 you did n't buy me a new dress for either of those visits . 
 what 's really going on ? '' 
 the door of the elevator opened to gio 's private hallway . 
 `` your parents are in town , and my brothers wanted to meet them . '' 
 tara 's mouth dropped open . 
 she was frozen on the spot . 
 `` and you did n't think this was something i should know ? '' 
 he hugged her and kissed her temple . 
 `` our families meeting was on your list of what was important to you . 
 i knew you 'd worry if you had too much time to think about it . 
 it 's better this way . '' 
 reeling , tara clung to max absently . 
 `` i told my parents your name and that we are dating , but that 's it . '' 
 she felt rather than heard max 's chuckle . 
 `` i filled them in on the rest . '' 
 tara 's eyes flew up to his . 
 `` your dad said he was perfectly okay with you living with me as long as i understood that if i did n't marry you , he might kill me . '' 
 tara laid her head down on max 's chest . 
 `` oh , my god . '' 
 max lifted her face up and kissed her lips gently again . 
 `` it 's a risk i 'm willing to take . '' 
 tara looked over at the closed outer door to gio 's apartment . 
 `` my parents are really in there with your family ? '' 
 `` gio said they arrived this morning . 
 he and julia took them to lunch and settled them in a room at my uptown hotel . 
 the plan was to have them back here before six . 
 so , yes , i believe they 're in there . '' 
 the enormity of what max had done sunk in , and tara went from shocked to teary . 
 `` you invited my parents . '' 
 max was suddenly concerned . 
 `` do n't cry . 
 this is good , right ? 
 you get along with them . '' 
 words eluded tara . 
 she wrapped her arms around max 's neck and pulled his mouth down to hers . 
 she writhed against him , using her lips , her hands , and every inch of her to express how happy he 'd made her and what all that gratitude would translate into once they were alone again . 
 max groaned and took control of the kiss . 
 their coats fell to the floor . 
 his hands roughly caressed her through the material of her dress , driving her wild in a way only he could . 
 only max could make her forget where she was . 
 only max 's touch was as vital to her as the air she breathed . 
 `` looks like they 're here , '' julia called out loudly . 
 tara and max broke off their kiss and turned to look at her , raggedly breathing in sync . 
 julia held the door closely behind her to block the view from the others . 
 she was grinning from ear to ear and pointed at the floor near their feet . 
 `` you may want to pick up your coats . '' 
 then she put both hands on the bodice of her own dress and gave it a meaningful mock pull up while looking at tara . 
 tara adjusted the front of her dress and blushed . 
 `` we were just - '' max bent to pick up their coats . 
 he was n't bothered at all . 
 in fact , he looked quite pleased with himself . 
 julia waved a hand and laughed . 
 `` come on in . '' 
 gio appeared beside julia . 
 he was wearing a coat and had julia 's draped over one arm . 
 the guarded expression on his face instantly put tara on high alert . 
 `` there 's been a change of plans , '' he said brusquely . 
 max 's hand went protectively to tara 's lower back . 
 `` what happened ? '' 
 julia slipped into the coat gio held out for her . 
 `` it 's no one 's fault , really . 
 it just happened . '' 
 tara 's eyes rounded . 
 `` are my parents okay ? '' 
 still serious enough to instill some fear in tara 's heart , gio said , `` try to take this well . 
 julia and i had every intention of checking bill and jane into the plaza . 
 maddy called and found out they were here . 
 she told her father . 
 uncle alessandro did n't want to hear about anyone putting family up in a hotel . 
 he sent a helicopter for them . 
 they 're staying with him at his house just outside the city . 
 luke , nick , and rena and out there already . '' 
 `` so my parents are staying with your uncle ? '' 
 tara asked in a shocked whisper . 
 she thought of the enormous home she 'd visited with max and the number of his cousins who gathered there . 
 nothing like baptism by fire . 
 instead of meeting a couple andrades , her parents were likely meeting all of them . 
 `` uncles . 
 uncle victor was already in the states for a visit . '' 
 julia chirped in . 
 `` your parents are wonderful , tara . 
 they fit right in . 
 your dad and victor were practically choosing a wedding date for gio and me just so they could set yours . 
 it was adorable . '' 
 `` adorable , '' tara echoed . 
 she met max 's eyes . 
 she could n't tell how he felt about marriage being mentioned twice in less than ten minutes . 
 they had n't even said the big three words to each other yet . 
 it had been a heavenly month of tara showing max all of her favorite places in new york city and max flying tara off to his favorite resorts . 
 tara had temporarily closed the doors of new holmes , but she 'd planned to reopen it with a new focus as soon as she and max cooled a bit . 
 so far , that had n't happened at all . 
 max took her along to his hotel inspections , something tara was beginning to really enjoy . 
 she took photographic evidence of whatever they came across-the good and the bad . 
 each night she and max still made love with as much passion as their first time . 
 he was an addiction tara did n't want to find a cure for . 
 but how would he feel about sudden pressure from their families regarding marriage when a month ago the idea of dating had rendered him speechless ? 
 she searched his face , looking for a hint of how he felt . 
 `` you do n't have to do this , max , '' tara whispered softly . 
 `` do what ? '' 
 he asked . 
 the world disappeared when he looked into her eyes as if he wanted to sweep her off her feet and carry her to the nearest bed . 
 `` prove anything . 
 i know you care about me , '' she said , licking her bottom lip . 
 `` i love you , '' he said simply . 
 `` you do ? '' 
 tara asked breathlessly . 
 he dropped the coats and gathered her back into his arms . 
 `` what do you think all of this has been about ? '' 
 the sex ? 
 tara thought , but did n't say the words . 
 she had n't let her heart believe it could be more . 
 she knew her cheeks were bright red . 
 `` i thought you 'd need more time . 
 a lot more time . '' 
 he shook his head slowly . 
 `` i was a goner the moment i set eyes on you . 
 i did n't know what to call it , but you shook me to the core , and i knew i 'd never be the same . '' 
 he kissed her gently . 
 `` if you do n't love me , you should tell me now before we get both of our families excited . '' 
 tara threw her arms around his neck and went up onto her tiptoes . 
 `` not love you ? 
 are you crazy ? 
 i knew i wanted to be with you from the first photo i saw of you . 
 i am totally , shamelessly , unabashedly in love with you . '' 
 they kissed , and this time it was with a tenderness that brought it to an entirely new level . 
 tara was laughing and crying . 
 max was holding her tightly to him as if letting her go would end his life . 
 gio cleared his throat loudly . 
 `` okay , lovebirds . 
 there is a helicopter waiting for us on the roof . 
 you 'll have plenty of time for all that later . '' 
 julia sighed warmly . 
 `` is n't tara just perfect for max ? 
 they 're going to have the cutest children . '' 
 gio threw max 's coat at him . 
 `` maybe , but they 're not creating them in my hallway . 
 max , i 'm about to get a pitcher of water . '' 
 tara and max broke away from each other , laughing . 
 max picked tara 's coat off the floor again , holding it out for her to put on . 
 next , he shrugged his own on . 
 even though their separation had only been for a moment , he tugged her to him and kissed one side of her neck . 
 `` sorry . 
 we 're ready . 
 besides , the sooner we go , the sooner we head back home . '' 
 gio said , `` piece of advice , max ? 
 tone that down in front of your future father-in-law . '' 
 max looked over at gio . 
 `` father-in-law . 
 i like that . '' 
 gio gave max a shove toward the elevator . 
 `` we all believe you . 
 now , can we go ? '' 
 julia linked arms with tara . 
 `` gio sounds grumpy , but he 's so happy for you . 
 i 'm working on getting him to express his feelings better . '' 
 as they all moved into the elevator , max asked , `` is that why you told me you loved me , gio ? 
 did julia send you over to say it ? '' 
 gio frowned . 
 `` she thought it would help . '' 
 julia tucked herself beneath gio 's arm . 
 `` and it did . 
 look at how much has changed since you said it . '' 
 tara looked up at max with meaning , pushing him silently to take the same leap . 
 max grudgingly agreed . 
 he gave his brother a pat on the back and said , `` i love you too , gio . '' 
 julia sighed warmly . 
 tara fought to keep in a giggle . 
 gio hit the elevator button to the roof even though he 'd already pressed it . 
 he looked around and pressed it again . 
 tara met julia 's eyes , and they both bent over and gave in to their laughter . 
 max joined them , and then gio . 
 the four of them were still laughing as they made their way to the roof helipad . 
 *** a short time later , tara and her parents were standing off to one side of a large room filled to the brim with max 's family . 
 it was n't tara 's first time in the colossal mansion , filled to capacity with andrades . 
 as tara was beginning to expect , every age group was well represented . 
 her father nodded approvingly at the crowd before them . 
 `` you picked a good family to marry into . '' 
 with a groan , tara said , `` dad , do n't talk like that until after max asks me to marry him . '' 
 her father shrugged . 
 `` are you sure this is n't your engagement party ? 
 look at how many people they invited . '' 
 tara glanced around and smiled . 
 `` this is pretty normal for them , dad . 
 they 're a huge family . '' 
 her mother smiled apologetically at her . 
 `` it makes me happy to see you here with all these people who care about you . 
 we know you 've been lonely since dad and i moved to florida . 
 we miss you , but our joints do n't miss the cold . 
 you 'll have to come down and visit us . 
 you and max . 
 we 'll show you the manatees that swim right up to our dock . 
 they have the sweetest faces . 
 we do n't have the heart to get a boat . '' 
 her father said , `` i 'll be happy if this means you 're done with new holmes . '' 
 tara shook her head in protest . 
 `` it does n't mean that . '' 
 at her father 's look tara admitted , `` although if i keep it open , the focus will change . '' 
 `` good , '' her father said . 
 `` i do n't imagine max would agree with you putting yourself in constant danger . 
 i know you say what you 're doing is n't dangerous , but it is only a matter of time before you photograph someone who chooses to come after you instead of running for a lawyer . '' 
 tara let out a slow breath . 
 his opinion of new holmes was not a new subject . 
 the hug he gave her took tara off guard . 
 he said , `` i did n't know what to think of max when he sent a private plane down to fly your mom and me up for the weekend . 
 i did n't expect to have anything in common with him or his family , but these are our kind of people , tara . 
 even if they are too rich for their own good . '' 
 tara 's mouth fell open . 
 max had received the much coveted , but usually denied , seal of approval from her father . 
 tara 's mother pointed across the room to where max was standing with his brothers and uncles . 
 `` they 're a handsome family , too , i 'll give them that . '' 
 she cocked her head to one side and added , `` max looks an awful lot like uncle victor , does n't he ? 
 i bet victor was the spitting image of him when he was younger . '' 
 `` you 're right , mom . 
 i did n't see it before , but there 's a strong resemblance . '' 
 max caught tara looking at him and he smiled . 
 tara smiled back and waved . 
 `` we were sorry to hear that max 's father was gone , but it 's a shame we could n't meet max 's mother , '' tara 's father said . 
 `` she 's not feeling well , '' tara said . 
 `` and i do n't know if she 'd be here even if she could be . 
 she does n't get along with much of the family . '' 
 `` that 's a shame , '' tara 's mother said sincerely . 
 `` is max close with her ? '' 
 tara shook her head . 
 `` it makes him sad , but no . 
 she 's cruel to him , mom . 
 please do n't mention her to him . '' 
 her mother nodded . 
 `` when i was younger i used to fight for every relationship i had . 
 friends . 
 family . 
 it did n't matter how bad it got ; i had to fix it . 
 that 's what i thought love was : never giving up . 
 but not all relationships are healthy ones . 
 sometimes the most loving thing you can do is let someone go . '' 
 tara knew her mother was referencing her own issues with tara 's violent , alcoholic grandfather . 
 tara hugged her mother . 
 `` i needed to hear that , mom . 
 his mother is n't healthy right now , and i kept thinking i should urge him to visit her , but i 'm not going to . 
 maybe not seeing her is the most loving choice he can make . '' 
 her father gave her a proud smile . 
 `` you 've grown into quite a woman , tara . '' 
 `` i had excellent role models , '' tara said lightly with a huge smile . 
 `` that you did , '' her father said seriously , then winked . 
 *** `` you should do it together and get it over with in one shot , '' max joked after nick prodded gio to announce a wedding date so he and rena could decide theirs . 
 nick slapped max on the back , almost sloshing max 's drink out of his glass . 
 `` that 's genius . '' 
 luke looked across the room at julia and rena . 
 `` do you really think they 'd say yes to that idea ? 
 you do n't want to be the man who stands between a woman and her dream wedding . '' 
 nick made a face at luke . 
 `` when i see you with the same date twice , i 'll take your relationship advice , luke . 
 for now , leave it to the masters . '' 
 he cracked his knuckles . 
 `` gio , are you in ? '' 
 gio looked doubtfully at julia . 
 `` i have no idea . 
 she does seem to get along well with rena . '' 
 `` how about you , max ? '' 
 nick nodded his chin toward tara . 
 max threw up both hands and laughed . 
 `` i have n't even bought a ring yet . '' 
 `` then get on it , '' nick said , half seriously . 
 `` i saw who you were dating before her . '' 
 he looked up at the ceiling with a smirk . 
 `` we may have even slept with a few of the same ... '' gio shook his head . 
 `` i do n't need to hear this . '' 
 nick waved gio 's disgust off . 
 `` my point is : women like tara do n't come along every day . 
 when you meet someone who does as much for the family as she did for us , you marry her . '' 
 `` i plan to , '' max said . 
 it was something that had become more and more appealing the longer he and tara were together . 
 `` and not because of what she did . 
 i love her . '' 
 `` i say you ask her tonight , '' nick said . 
 `` i-i - '' max was ready to move forward with his relationship with tara , but that did n't mean the room did n't spin a little at the idea of proposing to her that night . 
 gio nodded toward where tara was standing with her parents . 
 `` everyone is here . 
 the timing would work . '' 
 luke put a sympathetic hand on max 's shoulder . 
 `` do n't let them push you into anything you 're not ready for . '' 
 `` i-i - '' coherence still eluded max . 
 `` he does n't have a ring , though , '' gio said , as if that were the only deterrent to nick 's suggestion . 
 nick clapped his hands . 
 `` i bet if we asked uncle alessandro , he has a family ring . 
 a grandmother 's . 
 a great aunt 's . 
 someone 's . 
 women eat that up . '' 
 when all his brothers still looked doubtful , nick continued in a coaxing voice , `` think about it . 
 we 'd attend one wedding instead of three . 
 i do n't know what that 's worth to the rest of you , but i have to survive them sober . '' 
 gio raised a hand and waved their uncles over . 
 when both victor and alessandro were standing in a circle with them , max pointed to the large crowd gathered . 
 `` thank you for everything . 
 it was incredibly generous of you to bring tara 's parents into your home and host this party for them . '' 
 victor scanned the room quickly . 
 `` party ? 
 this is family . 
 there was no keeping them away when they heard tara 's parents were here . '' 
 with a twinkle of mischief in his eyes , alessandro said , `` tara has been a little outspoken on certain subjects . 
 katrine wants to know when you 're going to marry the girl so the young wives in our family will stop guarding their husbands . '' 
 victor frowned at his brother . 
 `` do n't tease young max until he 's a regular here . 
 not everyone gets your jokes . '' 
 `` he is a grown man . 
 and an andrade . 
 having a good sense of humor is in his blood . '' 
 max knew exactly what alessandro was referring to . 
 tara had told him what she 'd said at gio 's dinner party . 
 still , it was amusing to see his uncles arguing like old women . 
 `` what do you mean-outspoken ? '' 
 victor glared at his brother . 
 `` now you 've done it . '' 
 alessandro shrugged in his usual carefree manner . 
 `` i like a woman with spunk . 
 i 'm sure max is the same . '' 
 looking seriously concerned , victor said , `` what alessandro meant to say was everyone adores tara . 
 whatever she did or did n't say did n't change that one iota . '' 
 max winked at his brothers , who were watching the exchange with interest . 
 `` i was n't going to ask her to marry me , but i 'll do it for the family-you know , just to put everyone 's mind at ease when she 's around . '' 
 alessandro 's face split in a wide grin . 
 he practically picked max off his feet in a fierce bear hug . 
 `` another nephew is engaged . 
 so many reasons to celebrate tonight . '' 
 max broke free of the hug and glared at his brothers , who were blatantly amused . 
 `` we 're not engaged just yet , uncle alessandro . 
 in fact , do i have your permission to ask her tonight ? '' 
 `` of course ! '' 
 alessandro gave max another tight hug . 
 victor clapped a hand on max 's back . 
 `` here . 
 with the family gathered . 
 it 's perfect . 
 your father would be proud of you , max . '' 
 max tensed as he always did at any mention of his father and stepped back from his uncles . 
 `` how my father would or would n't feel about anything is of no importance to me . '' 
 victor 's face fell . 
 he looked like he wanted to say something , but did n't . 
 alessandro 's eyes lost their playful light . 
 `` your father loved you very much . '' 
 teeth clenched , max looked away . 
 `` my father 's choices proved the opposite . '' 
 in a gentle tone , alessandro continued , `` your father was a man , max . 
 just a man . 
 and no one is perfect . 
 there were many things he did i did n't agree with . '' 
 max looked back at his uncles in time to catch a strange look pass between them . 
 victor 's face was tight and his eyes held a sadness max attributed to missing his brother . 
 with a sad shake of his head , alessandro said , `` but i loved george , and i know he loved his sons . '' 
 alessandro looked past max to gio , luke , and nick . 
 `` all of his sons . 
 your mother ... '' victor intervened harshly . 
 `` the past is dead and gone , alessandro . 
 what good would come from digging it up ? '' 
 alessandro nodded . 
 `` maybe you 're right , victor . 
 i just do n't want george 's sons to keep paying for things that were not their fault . 
 or to believe for a moment that george did n't love them . '' 
 alessandro met max 's eyes . 
 `` your father was the best man he knew how to be . 
 he made a bad decision , but he made it with the best of intentions . 
 and then , when he saw the depth of the mistake he 'd made , he sought a way to live with it . '' 
 in a harsh tone , gio said , `` the mistake you 're referring to is marrying our mother . '' 
 victor answered instead of alessandro . 
 `` george loved your mother . 
 he thought that would be enough . '' 
 max shook his head angrily . 
 `` so , it 's our mother 's fault father decided to fuck some venetian whore and start a new family with her . 
 there 's no good spin to what father did . '' 
 victor opened his mouth to say something , but alessandro stopped him with a raised hand . 
 `` he 's right , victor . 
 there are always consequences . 
 george was wrong . 
 it 's okay for his sons to be angry with him because of it . '' 
 alessandro put a hand on max 's shoulder . 
 `` let 's put this behind us . 
 you did n't call us over to talk about the past . 
 you want my permission to propose to tara tonight ? 
 you have more than that : you have my blessing . 
 tell me what you need and let 's give tara a proposal to remember . '' 
 max took a deep breath and shook off the last few minutes of conversation . 
 he loved tara , and she loved him . 
 they were nothing like his parents . 
 he squared his shoulders . 
 `` uncle alessandro , do you have an engagement ring i could give tara ? '' 
 alessandro 's face beamed with joy . 
 `` we have nonna felisa 's . 
 she was my mother 's mother . 
 elise wore it for a time when we first married , but replaced it with an anniversary ring . 
 i 'll ask her , but i know what she 'll say . 
 she adores tara already . '' 
 max looked around the room at the large number of people gathered . 
 `` i want to ask tara privately , but then announce it to the family . 
 could we keep this low-key ? '' 
 alessandro let out a hearty laugh and nodded . 
 `` si , si . 
 low-key . 
 victor , do you see elise ? '' 
 victor pointed to where alessandro 's wife and his own were standing together . 
 `` there . '' 
 alessandro turned to walk toward them with victor . 
 as they did , max heard him say , `` i 'll get the ring and prepare the patio for them . 
 it 's cold . 
 we 'll need heaters . 
 and music ... '' victor said , `` katrine has an event planner on speed-dial ... '' max turned to his brothers . 
 `` why do i have the feeling i asked for a snowball but set off an avalanche ? '' 
 chapter eighteen if tara were the paranoid type , she would have said julia and rena were deliberately trying to confine her to the home 's kitchen . 
 they had asked her to help them locate a platter julia had left there during a prior visit . 
 the description of the dish was as inconsistent as the story of why it was important to find it that evening . 
 they had also been vague about why asking elise , katrine , or any of the house staff was not a more efficient way of finding it . 
 after looking through each of the kitchen cabinets twice , tara leaned back against one of the counters and folded her arms . 
 `` does this platter even exist ? '' 
 julia 's eyes rounded , and she looked across at rena . 
 `` of course it does . 
 what a silly question . 
 why would we have you looking for it if it did n't ? '' 
 rena eyes went to the kitchen door , then back to julia . 
 `` did we look in the pantry ? '' 
 tara pursed her lips and raised a brow . 
 `` three times . '' 
 maddy burst into the kitchen . 
 `` so this is where you are . '' 
 rena rushed to her side . 
 `` maddy , we 're doing fine in here . 
 everything is going perfectly . 
 why do n't you go see if your father needs you ? '' 
 maddy 's eyes narrowed . 
 `` you do n't trust me not to say something . '' 
 i knew it . 
 what are these ladies up to ? 
 tara kept her expression as bland as possible . 
 they were too sweet to be cooking up anything that malicious . 
 still , tara knew plotting when she saw it . 
 julia put her arm around maddy and started guiding her back out of the room . 
 `` that 's not it at all . '' 
 left alone with rena , tara said in a confidential tone , `` i know what you 're doing . 
 care to tell me why ? '' 
 rena smiled shamelessly . 
 `` no , but if you try to leave this kitchen i may have to tackle you . '' 
 `` is max planning a surprise for me ? '' 
 tara asked , anticipation making her voice breathier than normal . 
 when rena said nothing , tara continued , `` searching for a platter was actually a good plan . '' 
 rena relaxed slightly and went to stand beside tara . 
 `` thanks . 
 it was my idea . '' 
 tara tapped her fingertips on the counter by her side . 
 `` not going to tell me more than that ? '' 
 `` nope . '' 
 `` maddy would have spilled the whole thing . '' 
 `` in a heartbeat , '' rena said and laughed softly . 
 `` julia , too . 
 she 's a softie . 
 and she likes me . '' 
 `` i like you , but i 'm still not telling you anything . '' 
 `` it 's a good surprise , right ? '' 
 `` the best . '' 
 `` does max know about it ? '' 
 `` oh , yes . '' 
 `` is it something i 'll have to unwrap ? '' 
 tara asked , carefully watching rena 's expression . 
 `` i 've already said too much . '' 
 `` you have n't said anything . '' 
 max walked into the kitchen and rena let out a laugh of relief . 
 `` thank god . 
 five minutes , my ass . 
 i would 've come up with something better if i 'd known you would 've taken this long . '' 
 max shot her a grateful smile . 
 `` i 'll take over from here . '' 
 rena was about to walk out of the room then turned , rushed back , and hugged tara tightly . 
 she let go and said , `` sorry , i could n't help myself . '' 
 as she walked out of the room she shot max a thumbs up . 
 max wrapped his arms around tara 's waist and pulled her to him for a quick kiss . 
 he released her and shrugged off his jacket , then draped it across her shoulders . 
 `` i have something outside i want to show you . '' 
 `` outside ? '' 
 what would max give her that he 'd keep outside ? 
 if it was another car , she had to admit this time she 'd accept it . 
 hell , if it were an elephant , she 'd find a place to keep it . 
 whatever it was , max had gone to a lot of trouble to give it to her and that 's all that mattered . 
 she slid her hand into his and followed him happily down the hall and out the side door of the house . 
 their path was conveniently clear of people , which lent even more anticipation to the moment . 
 they stepped out onto the large stone patio of the andrade home . 
 the large glass doors of the home were covered on the inside by beautiful curtains . 
 the expansive lawn that surrounded the home was hidden in the dark , creating an intimate setting , illuminated by lanterns and warmed by heaters . 
 bouquets of white flowers lined the area like romantic snowdrifts . 
 a violinist played soft music in the background , present but out of view . 
 this could n't be what she thought it was . 
 max took her hand in his and raised it to his lips . 
 `` you 've been happy this past month , have n't you ? '' 
 tara found it difficult to breathe , never mind speak , so she merely nodded . 
 `` so have i , '' max said simply , running one hand lightly through her hair . 
 `` you excite me , challenge me . 
 most importantly , i 'm a better person when i 'm with you . 
 not just to others , but on the inside . '' 
 he dropped down onto one knee and held out a ring . 
 `` this is my great grandmother 's ring . 
 it has graced two happy marriages . '' 
 tara put out a shaky hand . 
 `` are you asking me to marry you ? '' 
 he slid the ring onto her finger . 
 `` asking implies i 'd accept no as an answer . 
 in gambling , there is always a time when a person has to decide what their maximum bet will be ... how much they 're willing to risk for a chance to win it all . 
 there is no maximum risk when it comes to us-because i do n't consider you a risk . 
 you dared me once to believe in something , anything . 
 i believe in us , tara . 
 you and me . 
 today . 
 tomorrow . 
 forever . '' 
 with tears in her eyes , tara leaned down and kissed max on the mouth , whispering , `` yes , '' between kisses . 
 `` i love you so much , max . '' 
 max stood and pulled her into his arms . 
 `` i love you , too . '' 
 they kissed deeply , then he raised his head and groaned . 
 `` remember how much you said you liked my family ? '' 
 tara froze . 
 `` yes ? '' 
 `` keep that in mind as you turn around . '' 
 tara slowly looked over her shoulder and burst out laughing . 
 the curtains of the house had been pulled back and the large glass doors , along with every enormous window on either side of them , were filled to capacity with his family smiling and waving . 
 her parents were squeezed between his uncles and their wives , looking both happy and a little shell-shocked . 
 the glass reflected the fireworks that went off in the sky behind tara and max , and they both jumped at the boom that followed . 
 tara leaned into max 's arms , loving how naturally they closed around her . 
 with a huge smile on her face , she said , `` your family is crazy . '' 
 max kissed the side of her neck . 
 `` you 're my family now . 
 what does that make you ? '' 
 tara turned in his arms and took his face between her hands . 
 `` the happiest woman on the planet . '' 
 continuing to nuzzle her neck , max asked , `` does that mean i can finally buy that rope ? '' 
 laughing , tara pulled her head back . 
 `` is that seriously what you 're thinking about right now ? '' 
 max playfully defended his train of thought . 
 `` you said happy . 
 i thought about how to make you even happier . 
 tying you to my bed was n't a big leap for me . '' 
 tara burst out laughing , and he joined her . 
 `` it had better be a soft rope . '' 
 `` the rope will be the only soft thing in the room , '' he said and pulled her against the evidence of his arousal . 
 tara laughed again while shifting closer to him and rubbing herself discreetly against his erection . 
 the fireworks continued to go off behind them , the sound of their boom vibrating through both of them . 
 `` what do you have planned for after the fireworks ? '' 
 tara asked huskily . 
 `` the shortest engagement announcement in history , '' max murmured , bending to kiss tara 's ear . 
 chapter nineteen a week later max and tara hosted a dinner at the estate on slater island where he and tara had spent time together . 
 they kept the guest list short : gio , julia , nick , rena and luke . 
 he 'd told his family he 'd asked them there because he wanted their opinion of the property . 
 none of them had seemed overly enthusiastic regarding max 's plans to tear the homes down . 
 near the end of the meal , max stood up and said , `` i spent a good portion of my life angry even though i told myself i was n't . 
 it took meeting tara to open my eyes to what i was doing . '' 
 he looked down at tara , then across at luke . 
 `` do n't be upset that i heard her and not you . 
 i know you 've said the same for years . '' 
 luke raised a glass to his brother and joked , `` at least you acknowledge my wisdom . '' 
 max nodded . 
 `` i do . 
 and that of uncle alessandro . 
 he has always said family was his priority , and i believe him now . 
 he does n't judge anyone . 
 he loved our father despite his faults . 
 and he welcomed me , all of us , back into his home without ever asking us to apologize for all the hateful things we 've said to him over the years . 
 i spent a lot of time focusing on what i thought people had done wrong , but tonight i want to acknowledge what our family has done right . '' 
 nick said lightly , `` we could n't get max to say more than two words to us for years ; now he wo n't shut up . '' 
 gio gave nick a warning look that nick laughed off . 
 `` not complaining , '' nick said with a shameless smile , `` just making an observation . '' 
 rena smiled and shook her head . 
 `` will you let your brother speak , please ? '' 
 julia rushed across the room and returned with a box of tissues . 
 `` just in case . 
 i can see where this is going , and i cry at beautiful moments like this . '' 
 tara held out her hand , and julia passed her the box . 
 tara 's eyes were already misty . 
 max smiled across at tara . 
 she dabbed beneath one eye , gave him a tearful smile , and nodded her encouragement . 
 max reached into a bag he 'd placed beside his chair and took out a small pile of envelopes . 
 as he handed an envelope to each of his brothers , he said , `` isola santos is where our family used to gather . 
 we ca n't change that it was n't the place it should have been for us , but we can create something for ourselves . 
 i purchased this row of houses with the intention of knocking them down and putting a resort here . 
 i changed my mind after meeting tara and getting to know the people on this island . 
 i 've deeded a home here to each of you . 
 renovate it or knock it down and build your own . 
 no matter what happens , we 're family-and we 're andrades . 
 let this island be where we prove that . '' 
 gio stood and tucked his envelope into his jacket pocket . 
 his eyes shone with emotion . 
 he reached out and gave max a pat on the shoulder . 
 julia blew her nose into a tissue . 
 tara looked at the one envelope left in max 's hand and urged max on with a lift of her chin . 
 max laid it down on the table and said , `` i had originally bought four houses , but i recently paid an outrageous amount of money to purchase an additional home to the south . 
 for gigi . '' 
 julia gasped , stood , and hugged gio tearfully . 
 `` he bought a house for your half-sister . '' 
 gio nodded with approval . 
 `` that 's max . 
 he does what he wants . '' 
 tara crossed to stand next to max . 
 `` she does n't know it yet , but she has a wonderful family . 
 she 'll see it one day . '' 
 max hugged her . 
 with tara at his side , max believed anything was possible . 
 nick walked over and gave max a hug . 
 rena followed and did the same . 
 the doorbell rang . 
 a moment later one of the house staff max had recently hired said , `` there is a michael at the door with a pastry delivery . '' 
 max and tara exchanged a look and burst out laughing . 
 they laughed even harder when no one else in the room found the announcement funny . 
 tara wiped the happy tears that were brimming over into her mascara . 
 `` it 's waffle . '' 
 max hugged tara closer and kissed her hair . 
 `` and his mom 's fucking pie . '' 
 nick looked across at gio . 
 `` do you think there 's something in the water ? '' 
 max chuckled and told his staff to set another plate at the table . 
 `` you 'll understand when you meet him . '' 
 gio frowned and asked , `` you 're inviting a man named waffle to join us ? '' 
 max met waffle at the door of the dining room and shook his hand . 
 `` waffle , meet my brothers . '' 
 nick walked over and shook his hand . 
 `` waffle , huh ? 
 like the food ? '' 
 waffle 's smile lit the room . 
 `` exactly . 
 like the food . '' 
 max walked back over and put an arm around tara 's waist . 
 he said , `` waffles and pie , two things that make everyone happy . '' 
 tara went up on her tiptoes and whispered , `` happy . 
 did i mention i found the island hardware store earlier today ? '' 
 heat rushed up max 's neck . 
 `` you would say that now . 
 you 're killing me . '' 
 tara kissed him lightly on the cheek and said , `` happy . 
 how to make you happier . 
 it was n't a big leap . '' 
 gio cleared his throat loudly . 
 `` maybe we should have a triple wedding . 
 i do n't think we should make max and tara wait to get married . '' 
 rena exclaimed , `` a triple wedding ? 
 all of us ? '' 
 julia walked over to stand beside rena . 
 `` i would be okay with it if both of you are . 
 tara ? '' 
 tara looked around the room with wide eyes . 
 `` a triple wedding ? '' 
 max gave her a coaxing smile . 
 `` we could have it here . '' 
 waffle took out his phone . 
 `` i have a cousin who caters weddings . 
 she lives right here on the island . 
 want me to call her ? '' 
 a grin spread across tara 's face . 
 `` maxwell andrade , how long have you been considering this ? '' 
 `` is that a yes ? '' 
 max asked , sensing from tara 's amused expression that it was . 
 for a moment he and tara stood , smiling at each other , letting the rest of the world slide away . 
 it was simply them and how good they felt when they were together . 
 she kissed him soundly and said , `` yes . 
 yes to you . 
 yes to your whole damn crazy family . 
 i hope this island is ready for an andrade triple wedding . '' 
 the group laughed and hugged . 
 then hugged more and laughed as they planned . 
 max caught luke 's eyes across the table . 
 it was the first time he 'd ever seen luke look uncomfortable . 
 he crossed the room and stood behind his chair , putting his hands on his brother 's shoulders . 
 `` do n't worry , luke , we still need you . '' 
 luke stood and forced a smile . 
 `` it 's not that . '' 
 max wanted to ask luke more , but the moment was n't right . 
 he let the subject drop and went back to celebrating and planning what was sure to be an event the people of slater island would n't soon forget . 
 chapter twenty maddy was in a robe and blow-drying her hair at the makeup station in her bathroom . 
 when they 'd bought the house , her husband , richard , had laughed when she 'd said she could n't function in a bathroom that was n't at least the size of a master bedroom . 
 he 'd come around , though . 
 she let him plan the size of his own closet . 
 marriage was about compromise . 
 she was lost in a daydream about how much had changed since she and her friends had come up with a bet to find romantic partners for all four of her cousins . 
 she knew some in her family considered her a meddler , but love had triumphed once again . 
 she 'd willingly sit through a hundred lectures on how she had crossed a line when hiring a pi just to see max and tara holding hands and happy together . 
 love heals all wounds , and the truth is always better when exposed . 
 no one could convince her otherwise . 
 yes , richard had said a few things to her in french she was glad she did n't know how to translate . 
 her father had gone off on a similar tangent in italian . 
 there were perks to being monolingual : it meant fewer people in maddy 's life had to apologize for what they said . 
 her father still would n't tell her what he knew about aunt patrice , but maddy was confident he would soon . 
 as her mother often said , maddy and her father were two peas in a pod . 
 she called both alessandro and maddy stubborn as mules . 
 maddy smiled into the mirror and curled another long tendril around her hairbrush . 
 there were worse things than being compared to a father she adored . 
 a flash of red hair caught her eye , and she opened her mouth to scream . 
 a woman 's hand closed over her mouth , silencing her . 
 maddy met amused green eyes in the mirror and pushed the hand away with her free hand . 
 she turned the blow-dryer off and spun on her seat . 
 her heart was thudding crazily in her chest even though she knew she was in no danger . 
 `` alethea , what are you doing here ? 
 you almost scared the life out of me . '' 
 one ginger eyebrow arched in skepticism . 
 `` do you know how easy it was to bypass your security system ? 
 it looked like a system a twelve-year-old could have installed . 
 you need to update it , especially now that you have children . '' 
 standing on shaky feet , maddy said , `` you have serious boundary issues . '' 
 alethea walked around the room , lifting , inspecting , then returning items from the counters . 
 `` it 's best for us to not start passing judgment on each other . 
 i imagine we 'd both have plenty to say . '' 
 maddy tightened the robe belt and squared her shoulders . 
 alethea was a friend of the family and therefore part of her life . 
 `` i 'm sure you did n't break into my home just to insult me . 
 what do you want , alethea ? '' 
 alethea met her eyes in the mirror again . 
 this time her eyes were serious . 
 `` i should have helped you when you asked me to . 
 it should n't have been necessary for you to hire a stranger to get you answers . '' 
 maddy 's jaw dropped open . 
 `` wait , is this an apology ? '' 
 one of alethea 's shoulders rose and dropped beneath her silk shirt . 
 `` tara said you think i do n't like you ; that 's not true , maddy . 
 i would n't be here if i did n't care about you . '' 
 maddy stepped closer to a woman she understood as little as she did the workings of her car engine . 
 her cousin stephan and his wife , nicole , adored alethea . 
 they could n't say enough about her loyalty and her courage . 
 maddy put aside her personal feelings and tried to see what they saw . 
 `` you 've been a good friend to my family , alethea . '' 
 that was true , at least . 
 `` but not to you ? '' 
 those watchful green eyes pinned maddy down . 
 `` you and i are alike in some ways , you know . 
 like you , the outcome of my efforts is rarely appreciated . '' 
 there is something beautiful in everyone . 
 look again , maddy told herself . 
 `` is that a compliment or an insult ? '' 
 `` it 's simply fact . '' 
 although the connection between them was fragile , it was the first time maddy had connected with alethea on more than a sarcastic , superficial level . 
 `` people think i ca n't keep a secret , but the truth is , i do n't want to . 
 secrets destroy people . 
 one day you think you know someone , the next you discover everything you thought you knew was a fantasy . 
 i see no value in hiding the unpleasant . 
 i 'd rather face an ugly truth and work through it than live a life of lies . 
 i see that same trait in you , so maybe we are more alike than either of us wants to admit . '' 
 alethea reached into the bag on her shoulder and pulled out a thick and weathered notebook . 
 `` i know you were disappointed tara could n't find the answers you were looking for . '' 
 she held the notebook out to maddy . 
 `` but they 're in here . 
 maybe not all of them , but many of them . '' 
 a chill ran down maddy 's back as she accepted the notebook . 
 `` what is this ? '' 
 `` it 's patrice 's private journal . '' 
 maddy looked down at it without opening it . 
 `` it looks old . '' 
 `` it is . 
 the last entry was more than twenty years ago . '' 
 turning it over in her hands , maddy hesitated to do more . 
 it was one thing to seek the truth ; it was another to have it handed to you . 
 if alethea thought it was important enough to bring to her , maddy had a feeling her life would never be the same after reading it . 
 `` how did you get it ? '' 
 another light shrug . 
 `` let 's just say your aunt 's staff is not very well paid . 
 i may have offered one an incentive to perform a deep cleaning of her home . '' 
 `` you bribed her staff to ... '' alethea grabbed the book back from maddy and flipped it open to a page she had earmarked and handed it back to her . 
 `` oh , for god 's sake , just read this entry . '' 
 maddy scanned the page and felt the room spin around her as she did . 
 `` aunt patrice was in love with uncle victor ? '' 
 alethea picked up a cotton ball and tossed it in the air , catching it absentmindedly and repeating the act as she spoke . 
 `` it seems that the stanfields were close to the andrades . 
 patrice spent time on isola santos when she was in her late teens and early twenties . 
 from what i could tell , she followed victor around like a puppy , but he considered her only a friend . '' 
 maddy skipped around the journal , reading little excerpts here and there that confirmed what alethea was saying . 
 `` that 's the big secret ? 
 an old crush ? '' 
 alethea leaned over and flipped three fourths through the book where she 'd folded another page down . 
 `` you 'll want to read this part . '' 
 maddy did and sat down with a thud , the journal falling to her lap . 
 `` she slept with him ? '' 
 in a matter-of-fact tone , alethea said , `` she did . 
 they were both drinking . 
 my guess is she made advances that victor did n't refuse . 
 she thought he would fall in love with her if she slept with him . 
 she was young , a virgin . 
 she would n't be the first woman to think sex meant more than it did . 
 victor met his wife , katrine , the next day on the beach , and patrice never got over what she considered the ultimate betrayal . '' 
 maddy clutched the book in her hands . 
 her eyes misted . 
 `` she must have been heartbroken . '' 
 alethea shook her head with far less sympathy . 
 `` or something . 
 she went on to marry his older brother , george . 
 i bet she thought it would hurt victor , but it did n't , as far as i can tell . 
 victor married katrine and never looked back . 
 patrice held on to her hurt until it ruined her marriage and her relationship with her sons . 
 patrice thinks george read the journal ; if he did , it 's not surprising he ran off to venice . 
 she did n't care if he was hurt by what he 'd learned . 
 the last part of the journal reverts right back to how she blamed everything that was wrong with her life on victor . '' 
 the story rocked maddy to the core . 
 she wiped a stray tear from her cheek . 
 `` my father must have known all of this . 
 how could he never say anything ? '' 
 alethea took a seat on a cushioned chair across from maddy . 
 `` if i had to guess , alessandro loved his brothers-both of them . 
 if you want to cry for someone , george definitely lost out on all fronts . 
 he married and had four sons with a woman who never loved him . 
 he lost his sons when he sought comfort with his mistress in venice . 
 and finally , his death revealed his betrayal in a way that made his wife a martyr and him the villain . '' 
 still processing it all , maddy said slowly , `` aunt patrice hates uncle victor . 
 really hates him . '' 
 alethea leaned forward and put a hand on maddy 's knee . 
 `` and everyone around him . '' 
 maddy raised a hand to her lips . 
 `` even me . '' 
 alethea gave her knee a pat . 
 `` even you . '' 
 with a sad smile , maddy said , `` that 's why she could n't let her sons be with us . 
 does this explain everything ? 
 even why she ca n't stand to see her sons get along ? 
 max looks like victor . 
 nick looks like my father when he was younger . 
 do you think she hates her sons , too ? 
 could a mother feel that way about her own children ? '' 
 `` i do n't know . 
 she stopped keeping a journal shortly after george started spending time in venice . 
 but i 'd say patrice is a woman who is so consumed by her bitterness she is incapable of loving anyone . '' 
 maddy stood and held out the journal toward alethea . 
 `` what do i do with this now ? 
 do i give it to her sons ? '' 
 alethea also stood . 
 `` how committed are you to the truth , maddy ? 
 how far would you go to learn the rest of the story ? '' 
 maddy frowned in confusion . 
 `` i thought you said patrice stopped writing in her journal . '' 
 `` she did , but email is a funny thing . 
 people believe it 's gone if they delete it . 
 it 's not . 
 not to the right person . '' 
 `` someone like you . '' 
 `` and my friends . '' 
 `` what more do you think there is to know ? '' 
 `` i 'm not sure yet . 
 my gut tells me your aunt has a few skeletons in her closet . 
 there are parts of this puzzle that seem connected , although i have no proof of how yet . '' 
 the hair on the back of maddy 's neck rose . 
 `` like ? '' 
 `` like victor losing his company soon after george died , and he reached out to patrice 's sons . 
 it could be completely unrelated , or a well-funded act of spite . '' 
 maddy sat back down again , shaking her head back and forth in denial . 
 `` no . 
 even aunt patrice is n't capable of that . '' 
 alethea picked up a perfume bottle and sniffed it casually . 
 `` people are capable of much worse . 
 what do you know about patrice 's doctor ? '' 
 maddy 's eyes rounded . 
 `` not much . 
 he 's been her doctor for as long as i can remember . 
 why ? '' 
 alethea put the perfume bottle down softly . 
 `` i do n't like him , and when i do n't like someone , they 're guilty of something . '' 
 alethea turned and met maddy 's eyes . 
 `` it 's up to you , maddy . 
 but this time i 'm in . 
 do you want the truth ? '' 
 the end 
